Intermittent theta burst stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has no additional effect on the efficacy of virtual reality exposure therapy for acrophobia. A randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study$$$ Anxiety disorders are among the most common mental disorders. Treatment guidelines recommend pharmacotherapy and cognitive behavioral therapy as standard treatment. Although cognitive behavioral therapy is an effective therapeutic approach, not all patients benefit sufficiently from it. In recent years, non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation, have been investigated as promising adjuncts in the treatment of affective disorders. The aim of this study is to investigate whether a combination of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) and virtual reality exposure therapy leads to a significantly greater reduction in acrophobia than virtual reality exposure with sham stimulation. In this randomized double-blind placebo-controlled study, 43 participants with acrophobia received verum or sham iTBS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex prior to two sessions of virtual reality exposure therapy. Stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with iTBS was motivated by an experimental study showing a positive effect on extinction memory retention. Acrophobic symptoms were assessed using questionnaires and two behavioral approach tasks one week before, after treatment and six months after the second diagnostic session. The results showed that two sessions of virtual reality exposure therapy led to a significant reduction in acrophobic symptoms, with an overall remission rate of 79 %. However, there was no additional effect of iTBS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the therapeutic effects. Further research is needed to determine how exactly a combination of transcranial magnetic stimulation and exposure therapy should be designed to enhance efficacy.
Electroconvulsive therapy combined with esketamine improved depression through PI3K/AKT/GLT-1 pathway$$$ Neuron excitotoxic damage induced by extracellular glutamate accumulation pathologically is one of the main mechanisms of depression. Glutamate transporter-1 (GLT-1) expressed in astrocyte is responsible for glutamate clearance to maintain glutamate balance. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is prevalently recommended for severe depression due to its significant anti-depressant effect. Esketamine could offer advantages of rapid anti-depressant effect and neuron protection. The aim of this study is to investigate the anti-depressant efficacy of esketamine plus ECT, and further to explore the mechanism. Firstly, total 12 patients were randomized into anesthesia with propofol (P) or propofol+esketamine (PK) before ECT. 24-Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) was used to evaluate the severity of depression after each ECT. Then, depressive rat model was built using chronic unpredictable mild stress method, and subsequently received infusion of esketamine (5 mg/kg) or saline before ECT treatment (0.5 mA; 100 V) for consecutive 10 days. Tests including sucrose preference test, open field test and forced swimming test were used to evaluate depression-like behaviors. In next experiments, rats were injected with RIL, DHK or LY294002 intracerebroventricularly for continuous 10 days before individual treatment. After the fifth and sixth ECT, PK group displayed lower HAMD score compared to P group. In rat model, we found that esketamine plus ECT could significantly improve depression-like behaviors and decrease glutamate level. Esketamine and ECT could both activate PI3K/Akt/GLT-1 pathway. The GLT-1 agonist RIL made equivalent effect as esketamine plus ECT. Furthermore, after using PI3K/Akt inhibitor LY294002 and GLT-1 inhibitor DHK, esketamine plus ECT could neither improve depression-like symptoms, nor upregulate GLT-1 level. Our present study suggested that esketamine plus ECT could dramatically improve depression symptom. The activation of PI3K/Akt/GLT-1 pathway may be the potential mechanism.
Efficacy and safety of esketamine versus propofol in electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression: A randomized, double-blind, controlled, non-inferiority trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a commonly used alternative for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Although esketamine has a rapid pharmacological antidepressant action, it has not been studied as an ECT anesthetic. The objective of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety of esketamine with propofol when both are used as ECT anesthetic agents. Methods: Forty patients with TRD were assigned to one of two arms in a double-blind, randomized controlled trial: esketamine or propofol anesthesia for a series of eight ECT sessions. Using a non-inferiority design, the primary outcome was the reduction in HAMD-17 depressive symptoms. The other outcomes were: rates of response and remission, anxiety, suicidal ideation, cognitive function, and adverse events. These were compared in an intention-to-treat analysis. Results: Esketamine-ECT was non-inferior to propofol-ECT for reducing TRD symptoms after 8 sessions (adjusted Δ = 2.0, 95 % CI: −1.2–5.1). Compared to propofol-ECT, esketamine-ECT also had higher depression response (80 % vs. 70 %; p =.06) and remission (65 % vs. 55 %; p =.11) rates but non-inferiority was not established. In four components of cognitive function (speed of processing, working memory, visual learning, and verbal learning) esketamine-ECT was non-inferior to propofol-ECT. The results for anxiety, suicidal ideation, and adverse events (all p's >.05) were inconclusive. Conclusion: Esketamine was non-inferior to propofol when both are used as anesthetics for TRD patients undergoing ECT. Replication studies with larger samples are needed to examine the inconclusive results. Registration number: ChiCTR2000033715.
Interventional approaches to treatment resistant depression (DTR) in children and adolescents: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is highly prevalent in youth. Conventional treatment paradigms primarily involve selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and psychotherapy, yet a significant proportion of this population exhibits treatment-resistant depression (TRD). In adults, interventional therapies like Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), and ketamine have shown promise for TRD, but their comparative efficacy remains underexplored in Adolescent and pediatric population. This systematic review and meta-analysis aims to assess the relative effectiveness of ECT, rTMS, and ketamine in treating TRD among adolescents. Methods: Following PRISMA guidelines, we systematically searched databases for studies of ECT, rTMS, or ketamine for treatment-resistant depression in youth ages 10–24. Three reviewers independently screened for inclusion based on predefined criteria. Included observational and randomized controlled trials reported depression symptoms with measures like HDRS and MADRS in youth treated with ECT, rTMS, or ketamine. Two reviewers extracted data on interventions, patients, and depression symptom outcomes. Chance-adjusted inter-reviewer agreement was calculated. For meta-analysis, we pooled standardized mean differences (SMDs) in depression scores using random effects models and assessed heterogeneity with I2 statistics. Results: Meta-analysis of 10 observational studies examined SMD in depression scores for treatment resistant depression patients treated with ECT, ketamine, or rTMS. Patients treated with ECT had a significantly lower SMD of 1.99 (95 % CI 0.92–3.05, p < 0.001) compared to baseline. Patients treated with ketamine also had a significantly lower SMD of 1.58 (95 % CI 1.04–2.12, p < 0.001). Patients treated with rTMS had the lowest SMD of 2.79 (95 % CI 0.79–4.80, p = 0.006). There was no significant difference between the three groups overall (p > 0.05). Comparative analysis between ECT and ketamine found no significant difference in SMD (p = 0.387). Comparison of ECT versus rTMS found a significant difference in SMD favoring rTMS (p = 0.004). Comparison of ketamine versus rTMS suggested a potential difference in SMD favoring rTMS (p = 0.058). In summary, rTMS resulted in significantly larger reductions in depression scores than ECT, and potentially larger reductions than ketamine. Conclusions: This meta-analysis illustrates the ability of rTMS, ECT, and ketamine to improve depression in youth. rTMS resulted in the largest improvements, highlighting its potential as a first-line treatment for pediatric treatment-resistant depression given its favorable side effect profile compared to ECT. Further research directly comparing these modalities is needed.
Optimizing antidepressant benefits: Effect of theta burst stimulation treatment in physically active people with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is a promising therapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD), but a significant proportion of individuals do not respond adequately, necessitating alternative approaches. This study explores whether individuals meeting minimum recommended physical activity levels demonstrate better responses to TBS compared to physically inactive individuals. Using data from a randomized controlled trial (n = 43), participants were categorized as physically active or inactive based on baseline International Physical Activity Questionnaire (IPAQ) scores. Depression scores (Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, 17-item; HRSD-17) were assessed at baseline, 4, and 6 weeks of TBS treatment. A significant Time X Group effect adjusted for age and baseline depression was observed. Physically active individuals consistently exhibited lower depression scores across time points. At 4 and 6 weeks, there was a significant increase in between-group differences, indicating that the physically active group derived greater benefits from treatment. At 6 weeks, a significantly higher proportion of responders (≥50 % HRSD-17 reduction) were observed in the physically active compared to inactive group. Physical activity significantly contributed to regression and logistic models predicting treatment response. These findings support the potential role of baseline physical activity in enhancing TBS therapy for MDD.
Adjunctive duration-doubled transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depressive patients with suicidal ideation: study protocol for a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: The problem of suicide has become increasingly common in individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is an effective treatment for MDD with 2 milliamperes (mA) for at least 30 min per day for 2 weeks. This study aims to investigate the efficacy of daily duration-doubled tDCS as an adjunctive intervention for rapidly reducing suicidal ideation and improving depression in MDD patients. Methods: In this double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study, 76 MDD patients with suicidal ideation are randomly assigned to either active (n=38) or sham (n=38) tDCS group. The anode and cathode are placed over the scalp areas corresponding to left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), respectively, and each stimulation lasts for 60 min. The primary outcome is defined as change of Beck Scale for Suicide Ideation (BSI) after 5 and 10 sessions. The change of other clinical assessments, blood biomarkers related to suicidal ideation and depressive sumptoms are defined as secondary outcomes. Blood biomarkers related to suicidal ideation are collected at baseline and after 10 sessions. Discussion: This study suggests the adjunctive duration-doubled tDCS might be a novel method to rapidly reduce suicidal ideation and improve depressive symptom. The variation of biomarkers could be potential predictive models of suicide risk. Trial registration: The trial protocol is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov under protocol registration number NCT05555927. Registered on September 25, 2022.
A randomized sham-controlled trial of high-dosage accelerated intermittent theta burst rTMS in major depression: study protocol$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS), a novel form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), can be administered in 1/10th of the time of standard rTMS (~ 3 min vs. 37.5 min) yet achieves similar outcomes in depression. The brief nature of the iTBS protocol allows for the administration of multiple iTBS sessions per day, thus reducing the overall course length to days rather than weeks. This study aims to compare the efficacy and tolerability of active versus sham iTBS using an accelerated regimen in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). As a secondary objective, we aim to assess the safety, tolerability, and treatment response to open-label low-frequency right-sided (1 Hz) stimulation using an accelerated regimen in those who do not respond to the initial week of treatment. Methods: Over three years, approximately 230 outpatients at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health and University of British Columbia Hospital, meeting diagnostic criteria for unipolar MDD, will be recruited and randomized to a triple blind sham-controlled trial. Patients will receive five consecutive days of active or sham iTBS, administered eight times daily at 1-hour intervals, with each session delivering 600 pulses of iTBS. Those who have not achieved response by the week four follow-up visit will be offered a second course of treatment, regardless of whether they initially received active or sham stimulation. Discussion: Broader implementation of conventional iTBS is limited by the logistical demands of the current standard course consisting of 4–6 weeks of daily treatment. If our proposed accelerated iTBS protocol enables patients to achieve remission more rapidly, this would offer major benefits in terms of cost and capacity as well as the time required to achieve clinical response. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04255784.
Active versus sham DLPFC-NAc rTMS for depressed adolescents with anhedonia using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI): a study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Anhedonia, which is defined as the inability to feel pleasure, is considered a core symptom of major depressive disorder (MDD). It can lead to several adverse outcomes in adolescents, including heightened disease severity, resistance to antidepressants, recurrence of MDD, and even suicide. Specifically, patients who suffer from anhedonia may exhibit a limited response to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). Previous researches have revealed a link between anhedonia and abnormalities within the reward circuitry, making the nucleus accumbens (NAc) a potential target for treatment. However, since the NAc is deep within the brain, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has the potential to modulate this specific region. Recent advances have enabled treatment technology to precisely target the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and modify the functional connectivity (FC) between DLPFC and NAc in adolescent patients with anhedonia. Therefore, we plan to conduct a study to explore the safety and effectiveness of using resting-state functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging (fcMRI)-guided rTMS to alleviate anhedonia in adolescents diagnosed with MDD. Methods: The aim of this article is to provide a study protocol for a parallel-group randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled experiment. The study will involve 88 participants who will be randomly assigned to receive either active rTMS or sham rTMS. The primary object is to measure the percentage change in the severity of anhedonia, using the Snaith-Hamilton Pleasure Scale (SHAPS). The assessment will be conducted from the baseline to 8-week post-treatment period. The secondary outcome includes encompassing fMRI measurements, scores on the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17), the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), the Chinese Version of Temporal Experience of Pleasure Scale (CV-TEPS), and the Chinese Version of Beck Scale for Suicide Ideation (BSI-CV). The Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scores will also be taken into account, and adverse events will be monitored. These evaluations will be conducted at baseline, as well as at 1, 2, 4, and 8 weeks. Discussion: If the hypothesis of the current study is confirmed, (fcMRI)-guided rTMS could be a powerful tool to alleviate the core symptoms of MDD and provide essential data to explore the mechanism of anhedonia. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05544071. Registered on 16 September 2022.
Anodal HD-tDCS on the dominant anterior temporal lobe and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: clinical results in patients with mild cognitive impairment$$$ Objectives: Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) is a neurocognitive disorder in which the cognitive and mental abilities of humans are declined. Transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) is an emerging noninvasive brain stimulation technique aimed at neuromodulation. In this study, we investigate whether high-definition anodal tDCS stimulation (anodal HD-tDCS) in MCI patients in two different brain regions will be effective in improving cognitive function. Methods: This study was done as a randomized, double-blind clinical trial. Sixty MCI patients (clinically diagnosed by expert neurologists) were randomly divided into three groups. Two groups received 2-mA anodal HD-tDCS for 20 min for 2 weeks (5 consecutive days in each week, 10 days in total). In the first group (twenty patients), the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (left DLPFC) was targeted. In the second group (twenty patients), the target zone was the dominant anterior temporal lobe (DATL). The third group (twenty patients) formed the Sham group. The Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) and Quality of Life in Alzheimer’s Disease (QoLAD) were considered as the outcome measures. Results: MCI patients obtained the highest MoCA mean scores in both left DLPFC and DATL groups versus the study baseline 2 weeks after the intervention. In addition, the MoCA mean scores of MCI patients were greater in both intervention groups compared to the Sham group up to 3 months post-stimulation (p-value ≤ 0.05). However, as we moved away from the first stimulation day, a decreasing trend in the MoCA mean scores was observed. Moreover, in the left DLPFC and DATL groups, higher QoLAD mean scores were observed 3-month post-stimulation, highlighting the effectiveness of anodal HD-tDCS in improving the quality of life in MCI patients. Conclusion: In this research, it was shown that applying anodal HD-tDCS at left DLPFC and DATL brain regains for two successive weeks improves cognitive function in MCI patients (by obtaining higher values of MoCA scores) up to 3 months after the intervention compared to the Sham group. This illustrates the positive effects of HD-tDCS, as a non-pharmacological intervention, for improving cognitive function and quality of life in MCI patients. Significance: Two weeks after anodal HD-tDCS of the DLPFC and DATL brain regions, the MCI patients achieved the highest MoCA mean scores compared to the Sham group across all measurement intervals.
Targeting the prefrontal-supplementary motor network in obsessive-compulsive disorder with intensified electrical stimulation in two dosages: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is associated with a high disease burden, and treatment options are limited. We used intensified electrical stimulation in two dosages to target a main circuitry associated with the pathophysiology of OCD, left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (l-DLPFC), and pre-supplementary motor area (pre-SMA) and assessed clinical outcomes, neuropsychological performance, and brain physiology. In a double-blind, randomized controlled trial, thirty-nine patients with OCD were randomly assigned to three groups of sham, 2-mA, or 1-mA transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) targeting the l-DLPFC (F3) and pre-SMA (FC2) with anodal and cathodal stimulation respectively. The treatment included 10 sessions of 20-minute stimulation delivered twice per day with 20-min between-session intervals. Outcome measures were reduction in OCD symptoms, anxiety, and depressive states, performance on a neuropsychological test battery (response inhibition, working memory, attention), oscillatory brain activities, and functional connectivity. All outcome measures except EEG were examined at pre-intervention, post-intervention, and 1-month follow-up times. The 2-mA protocol significantly reduced OCD symptoms, anxiety, and depression states and improved quality of life after the intervention up to 1-month follow-up compared to the sham group, while the 1-mA protocol reduced OCD symptoms only in the follow-up and depressive state immediately after and 1-month following the intervention. Both protocols partially improved response inhibition, and the 2-mA protocol reduced attention bias to OCD-related stimuli and improved reaction time in working memory performance. Both protocols increased alpha oscillatory power, and the 2-mA protocol decreased delta power as well. Both protocols increased connectivity in higher frequency bands at frontal-central areas compared to the sham. Modulation of the prefrontal-supplementary motor network with intensified tDCS ameliorates OCD clinical symptoms and results in beneficial cognitive effects. The 2-mA intensified stimulation resulted in larger symptom reduction and improved more converging outcome variables related to therapeutic efficacy. These results support applying the intensified prefrontal-SMA tDCS in larger trials.
Short-term and long-term efficacy of accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: In recent years, accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation (aTMS) has been developed, which has a shortened treatment period. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and long-term maintenance effects of aTMS in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: We systematically searched online databases for aTMS studies in patients with MDD published before February 2023 and performed a meta-analysis on the extracted data. Results: Four randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and 10 before-and-after controlled studies were included. The findings showed that depression scores significantly decreased following the intervention (SMD = 1.80, 95% CI (1.31, 2.30), p < 0.00001). There was no significant difference in antidepressant effectiveness between aTMS and standard TMS (SMD = -0.67, 95% CI (-1.62, 0.27), p = 0.16). Depression scores at follow-up were lower than those directly after the intervention based on the depression rating scale (SMD = 0.22, 95% CI (0.06, 0.37), p = 0.006), suggesting a potential long-term maintenance effect of aTMS. Subgroup meta-analysis results indicated that different modes of aTMS may have diverse long-term effects. At the end of treatment with the accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (arTMS) mode, depressive symptoms may continue to improve (SMD = 0.29, 95% CI (0.10, 0.49), I2 = 22%, p = 0.003), while the accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) mode only maintains posttreatment effects (SMD = 0.01, 95% CI (-0.45, 0.47), I2 = 66%, p = 0.98). Conclusions: Compared with standard TMS, aTMS can rapidly improve depressive symptoms, but there is no significant difference in efficacy. aTMS may also have long-term maintenance effects, but longer follow-up periods are needed to assess this possibility. Trial registration: This article is original and not under simultaneous consideration for publication. The study was registered on PROSPERO (https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/) (number: CRD42023406590).
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on cognitive function recovery in patients with depression following electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for depressive disorder. However, the use of ECT is limited by its cognitive side effects (CSEs), and no specific intervention has been developed to address this problem. As transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a safe and useful tool for improving cognitive function, the main objective of this study was to explore the ability to use tDCS after ECT to ameliorate the cognitive side effects. Methods: 60 eligible participants will be recruited within two days after completing ECT course and randomly assigned to receive either active or sham stimulation in a blinded, parallel-design trial and continue their usual pharmacotherapy. The tDCS protocol consists of 30-min sessions at 2 mA, 5 times per week for 2 consecutive weeks, applied through 15-cm2 electrodes. An anode will be placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), and a cathode will be placed over the right supraorbital cortex. Cognitive function and depressive symptoms will be assessed before the first stimulation (T0), after the final stimulation (T1), 2 weeks after the final stimulation (T2), and 4 weeks after the final stimulation (T3) using the Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery (CANTAB). Discussion: We describe a novel clinical trial to explore whether the administration of tDCS after completing ECT course can accelerates recovery from the CSEs. We hypothesized that the active group would recover faster from the CSEs and be superior to the sham group. If our hypothesis is supported, the use of tDCS could benefit eligible patients who are reluctant to receive ECT and reduce the risk of self-inflicted or suicide due to delays in treatment. Trial registration details: The trial protocol is registered with https://www.chictr.org.cn/ under protocol registration number ChiCTR2300071147 (date of registration: 05.06.2023). Recruitment will start in November 2023.
Efficacy of functional magnetic resonance imaging-guided personalized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (fMRI-rTMS) in depressive patients with emotional blunting: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Emotional blunting is a symptom that has always been present in depressed patients. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a safe and effective supplementary therapy for treating depression. However, the effectiveness and brain imaging processes of functional magnetic resonance imaging-guided personalized rTMS (fMRI-rTMS) in the treatment of depression with emotional blunting have not been observed in randomized controlled trials. Methods: This study is a randomized, controlled, double-blind, and single-center clinical trial in which 80 eligible depressed patients with emotional blunting will be randomly assigned to two groups: a functional magnetic resonance imaging-guided personalized rTMS (fMRI-rTMS) group and a control group. Individuals in the fMRI-rTMS group (n = 40) will receive high-frequency rTMS (10 Hz, 120% MT). The main target of stimulation will be the area most relevant to the functional connectivity of the right medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) and amygdala. The control group (n = 40) will receive sham stimulation, with a coil flipped to 90 degrees relative to the vertical scalp. All patients will receive 15 consecutive days of treatment, with each session lasting half an hour per day, followed by 8 weeks of follow-up. The primary outcome is the comparison of Oxford Depression Questionnaire (ODQ) scores between these two groups at different time points. The secondary outcomes include evaluating other clinical scales and assessing the differences in brain imaging changes between the two groups before and after treatment. Discussion: This trial aims to examine the effects of functional magnetic resonance imaging-guided personalized rTMS (fMRI-rTMS) intervention on depressed patients experiencing emotional blunting and to elucidate the potential mechanism behind it. The results will provide new evidence for using fMRI-rTMS in treating depression with emotional blunting in the future. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov INCT05555940. Registered on 13 September 2022 at http://clinicaltrials.gov.
A feasibility, randomised controlled trial of Club Connect: a group-based healthy brain ageing cognitive training program for older adults with major depression within an older people’s mental health service$$$ Background: Using the RE-AIM (reach, effectiveness, adoption, implementation, maintenance) framework, we outline steps taken to implement an evidence-based cognitive training program, Club Connect, in older adults with major depressive disorder in an Older People’s Mental Health Service in Sydney, Australia. The primary aim was to explore feasibility (or ‘reach’), tolerability (or ‘implementation’), and acceptability (or ‘adoption’). The secondary aim was to explore the most sensitive clinical outcomes and measurement tools (i.e. ‘effectiveness’) to inform a formal randomised controlled trial, and to explore the healthcare resources used (i.e. costs) to assist decision-making by health care managers and policy-makers in relation to future resource allocation. Methods: Using a single blinded feasibility design, 40 participants (mean age: 76.13 years, SD: 7.45, range: 65–95 years) were randomised to either (a) Club Connect, a 10-week group-based multifaceted program, comprising psychoeducation and computer-based cognitive training, or (b) a waitlist control group. Results: Implementing group-based cognitive training within a clinical setting was feasible, well tolerated and accepted by participants. Further, cognitive training, in comparison to the waiting list control, was associated with moderate to very large effect size improvements in depression, stress and inhibition (ηp2 = 0.115–0.209). We also found moderate effect size improvements on measures of daily functioning, wellbeing and cognitive flexibility. Small effect size improvements for other cognitive and psychosocial outcomes were also observed. The average cost per person participating in in the intervention was AU$607.50. Conclusions: Our findings support the feasibility of implementing group-based cognitive training into a specialised clinical (public health) setting. This trial was registered on the Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trial Registry (ACTRN12619000195156, 12/02/2019).
Efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation combined with antidepressant medications for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Antidepressants, noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS), and their combination are commonly used in routine clinical practice. Nevertheless, there is a continuous dispute regarding whether the effectiveness of NIBS in combination with antidepressants exceeds that of antidepressants alone. This meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the existing evidence and draw a definitive conclusion on this issue. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive search of five databases: Embase, PubMed, Web of Science, SinoMed, and the Cochrane Database of Randomized Controlled Trials. The search was conducted until October 6, 2023. The primary outcomes were the pre- and post-intervention depression and anxiety scores. Secondary outcomes included dropout rates, response rates, and certain levels of neurotransmitters [5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT), dopamine (DA), and gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA)] at the end of the intervention. Subgroup, meta-regression, and sensitivity analyses were performed to explore the sources of heterogeneity. The data were analysed using R 4.2.2. Results: We included 18 RCTs [1357 participants; 11 studies used repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and 7 studies used transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)]. The follow-up duration varied from two weeks to three months. Overall, whether in combination with rTMS or tDCS, antidepressants proved more effective in alleviating depressive symptoms compared to when used as monotherapy. However, this advantage was not evident during the follow-up period. (p > 0.05). And the combination's efficacy in improving anxiety was found to be lacking. Post-treatment serum levels of 5-HT, DA, and GABA were higher in the rTMS group were higher than antidepressant medication group (p < 0.05). Furthermore, subgroup analysis results indicated that only the rTMS + antidepressant medication treatment significantly improved remission and remission rates. The meta-regression results showed that the type of antidepressant and the sex of the participants had a significant association with the depression score. Conclusion: Combination treatment with NIBS was significantly more effective in improving depression symptoms than medication alone. rTMS combined with antidepressants appears to be more effective in improving response and remission rates. However, efficacy may be influenced by the type of medicine used in combination, and long-term efficacy data is lacking. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42023388259.
Inappropriate study inclusion in meta-analysis of sham-controlled rTMS for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Dr. Vida and colleagues have published an important meta-analysis on a critical topic in psychiatry: the efficacy of double-blind, sham-controlled rTMS in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) [1]. The primary reported finding was a significant effect of rTMS on remission and response (RR 2.25 and 2.78 respectively) compared to sham rTMS. A close evaluation of the studies included in this meta-analysis raises concerns about the accuracy of these findings.
Theta-burst rTMS in schizophrenia to ameliorate negative and cognitive symptoms: study protocol for a double-blind, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Treatment effects of conventional approaches with antipsychotics or psychosocial interventions are limited when it comes to reducing negative and cognitive symptoms in schizophrenia. While there is emerging clinical evidence that new, augmented protocols based on theta-burst stimulation can increase rTMS efficacy dramatically in depression, data on similar augmented therapies are limited in schizophrenia. The different patterns of network impairments in subjects may underlie that some but not all patients responded to given stimulation locations. Methods: Therefore, we propose an augmented theta-burst stimulation protocol in schizophrenia by stimulating both locations connected to negative symptoms: (1) the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), and (2) the vermis of the cerebellum. Ninety subjects with schizophrenia presenting negative symptoms and aging between 18 and 55 years will be randomized to active and sham stimulation in a 1:1 ratio. The TBS parameters we adopted follow the standard TBS protocols, with 3-pulse 50-Hz bursts given every 200 ms (at 5 Hz) and an intensity of 100% active motor threshold. We plan to deliver 1800 stimuli to the left DLPFC and 1800 stimuli to the vermis daily in two 9.5-min blocks for 4 weeks. The primary endpoint is the change in negative symptom severity measured by the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS). Secondary efficacy endpoints are changes in cognitive flexibility, executive functioning, short-term memory, social cognition, and facial emotion recognition. The difference between study groups will be analyzed by a linear mixed model analysis with the difference relative to baseline in efficacy variables as the dependent variable and treatment group, visit, and treatment-by-visit interaction as independent variables. The safety outcome is the number of serious adverse events. Discussion: This is a double-blind, sham-controlled, randomized medical device study to assess the efficacy and safety of an augmented theta-burst rTMS treatment in schizophrenia. We hypothesize that social cognition and negative symptoms of patients on active therapy will improve significantly compared to patients on sham treatment. Trial registration: The study protocol is registered at “ClinicalTrials.gov” with the following ID: NCT05100888. All items from the World Health Organization Trial Registration Data Set are registered. Initial release: 10/19/2021.
High-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) in major depressive disorder with anxious distress—a study protocol for a double-blinded randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Comorbid anxiety disorders and anxious distress are highly prevalent among individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD). The presence of the DSM-5 anxious distress specifier (ADS) has been associated with worse treatment outcomes and chronic disease course. Few studies have evaluated the therapeutic effects of High-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) on depressive and anxiety symptoms among MDD patients with ADS. The current randomized controlled trial aims to assess the efficacy of HD-tDCS as an augmentation therapy with antidepressants compared to sham-control in subjects of MDD with ADS. Methods: MDD patients with ADS will be recruited and randomly assigned to the active HD-tDCS or sham HD-tDCS group. In both groups, patients will receive the active or sham intervention in addition to their pre-existing antidepressant therapy, for 2 weeks with 5 sessions per week, each lasting 30 min. The primary outcome measures will be the change of depressive symptoms, clinical response, and the remission rate as measured with the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) before and after the intervention and at the 2nd and 6th week after the completed intervention. Secondary outcome measures include anxiety symptoms, cognitive symptoms, disability assessment, and adverse effects. Discussion: The HD-tDCS applied in this trial may have treatment effects on MDD with ADS and have minimal side effects. Trial registration: The trial protocol is registered with www.chictr.org.cn under protocol registration number ChiCTR2300071726. Registered 23 May 2023.
The safety and efficacy of escitalopram and sertraline in post-stroke depression: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objectives: This study aims to evaluate the safety and efficacy of escitalopram and sertraline in post-stroke depression (PSD) patients, to provide more reliable therapeutics for cardiovascular and psychiatric clinical practice. Methods: We recruited 60 patients (aged 40–89 years old) with an ICD-10 diagnosis of PSD, who were then randomly assigned to two groups and treated with flexible doses of escitalopram (10 to 20 mg/day, n = 30) or sertraline (50 to 200 mg/day, n = 30) for consecutive 8 weeks, respectively. The 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24), the 14-item Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAMA-14), the Treatment Emergent Symptom Scale (TESS), the Montreal Cognitive Assessment Scale (MOCA), and the Activity of Daily Living scale (ADL) were used to assess patients before, during, and after treatment for depression, anxiety, adverse effects, cognitive function, and daily living activities. Repeated measures ANOVA, the Mann–Whitney U test, the chi-square test (χ2), or Fisher’s exact test was employed to assess baseline demographics, response rate, adverse effects rate, and changes in other clinical variables. Results: Significant reduction in HAMD-24 and HAMA-14 scores was evaluated at baseline, as well as 1, 3, 4, 6, and 8 weeks of drug intervention (p < 0.01). There was a significant group difference in post-treatment HAMD-24 scores (p < 0.05), but no difference was observed in HAMA-14 scores (p > 0.05). Further analysis showed a significant variance in the HAMD-24 scores between the two groups at the end of the first week (p < 0.01). The incidence of adverse effects in both patient groups was mild, but there was a statistically significant difference between the two groups (p < 0.05). The improvement in cognitive function and the recovery of daily living abilities were comparable between both groups (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Escitalopram and sertraline showed comparable efficacy for anxiety symptoms, cognitive function, and daily living abilities in PSD patients. In addition, escitalopram was more appropriate for alleviating depressive symptoms. To validate the conclusion, trials with a larger sample size are in demand in the future. The registration number is ChiCTR1800017373.
Effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for insomnia disorder on fear memory extinction: study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Fear memory extinction is closely related to insomnia. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is safe and effective for treating insomnia disorder (ID), and it has been shown to be an efficient method for modulating fear extinction. However, whether rTMS can improve fear extinction memory in ID patients remains to be studied. In this study, we specifically aim to (1) show that 1 Hz rTMS stimulation could improve fear extinction memory in ID patients and (2) examine whether changes in sleep mediate this impact. Methods and design: We propose a parallel group randomised controlled trial of 62 ID participants who meet the inclusion criteria. Participants will be assigned to a real rTMS group or a sham rTMS group. The allocation ratio will be 1:1, with 31 subjects in each group. Interventions will be administered five times per week over a 4-week period. The assessments will take place at baseline (week 0), post-intervention (week 4), and 8-week follow-up (week 8). The primary outcome measure of this study will be the mean change in the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) scores from baseline to post-intervention at week 4. The secondary outcome measures include the mean change in skin conductance response (SCR), fear expectation during fear extinction, Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), Zung Self-Rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), and the Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS). Discussion: This study will be the first examination of the impact of rTMS on fear memory extinction in ID patients. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trials Register ChiCTR2300076097. Registered on 25 September 2021.
Cognitive enhancing effect of rTMS combined with tDCS in patients with major depressive disorder: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Cognitive dysfunction is one of the common symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have been studied separately in the treatment of cognitive dysfunction in MDD patients. We aimed to investigate the effectiveness and safety of rTMS combined with tDCS as a new therapy to improve neurocognitive impairment in MDD patients. Methods: In this brief 2-week, double-blind, randomized, and sham-controlled trial, a total of 550 patients were screened, and 240 MDD inpatients were randomized into four groups (active rTMS + active tDCS, active rTMS + sham tDCS, sham rTMS + active tDCS, sham rTMS + sham tDCS). Finally, 203 patients completed the study and received 10 treatment sessions over a 2-week period. The Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) was performed to assess patients’ cognitive function at baseline and week 2. Also, we applied the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24) to assess patients’ depressive symptoms at baseline and week 2. Results: After 10 sessions of treatment, the rTMS combined with the tDCS group showed more significant improvements in the RBANS total score, immediate memory, and visuospatial/constructional index score (all p < 0.05). Moreover, post hoc tests revealed a significant increase in the RBANS total score and Visuospatial/Constructional in the combined treatment group compared to the other three groups but in the immediate memory, the combined treatment group only showed a better improvement than the sham group. The results also showed the RBANS total score increased significantly higher in the active rTMS group compared with the sham group. However, rTMS or tDCS alone was not superior to the sham group in terms of other cognitive performance. In addition, the rTMS combined with the tDCS group showed a greater reduction in HDRS-24 total score and a better depression response rate than the other three groups. Conclusions: rTMS combined with tDCS treatment is more effective than any single intervention in treating cognitive dysfunction and depressive symptoms in MDD patients. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR2100052122).
Non-invasive brain stimulation for treatment-resistant schizophrenia: protocol of a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Background: Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) is a promising intervention for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. However, there are multiple available techniques and a comprehensive synthesis of evidence is lacking. Thus, we will conduct a systematic review and network meta-analysis to investigate the comparative efficacy and safety of NIBS techniques as an add-on to antipsychotics for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Methods: We will include single- and double-blind randomized-controlled trials (RCT) comparing any NIBS technique with each other or with a control intervention as an add-on to antipsychotics in adult patients with treatment-resistant schizophrenia. We will exclude studies focusing on predominant negative symptoms, maintenance treatment, and single sessions. The primary outcome will be a change in overall symptoms, and secondary outcomes will be a change in symptom domains, cognitive performance, quality of life, functioning, response, dropouts, and side effects. We will search for eligible studies in previous reviews, multiple electronic databases and clinical trial registries from inception onwards. At least two independent reviewers will perform the study selection, data extraction, and risk of bias assessment. We will measure the treatment differences using standardized mean difference (SMD) and odds ratio (OR) for continuous and dichotomous outcomes, respectively. We will conduct pairwise and network meta-analysis within a frequentist framework using a random-effects model, except for rare event outcomes where we will use a fixed-effects Mantel–Haenszel method. We will investigate potential sources of heterogeneity in subgroup analyses. Reporting bias will be assessed with funnel plots and the Risk of Bias due to Missing Evidence in Network meta-analysis (ROB-MEN) tool. The certainty in the evidence will be evaluated using the Confidence in Network Meta-analysis (CINeMA) approach. Discussion: Our network meta-analysis would provide an up-to-date synthesis of the evidence from all available RCTs on the comparative efficacy and safety of NIBS for treatment-resistant schizophrenia. This information could guide evidence-based clinical practice and improve the outcomes of patients. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO-ID CRD42023410645.
Altered blood parameters in “major depression” patients receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) therapy: a randomized case-control study$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a debilitating illness that includes depressive mood. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is a therapy method used in the treatment of MDD. The purpose of this study was to assess neurotrophic factors, and oxidative stress levels in MDD patients and evaluate the changes in these parameters as a result of rTMS therapy. Twenty-five patients with MDD and twenty-six healthy volunteers with the same demographic characteristics were included in the study. Brain-derived neurotrophic factors were measured photometrically with commercial kits. Oxidative stress parameters were measured by the photometric method. Oxidative stress index (OSI) and disulfide (DIS) levels were calculated with mathematical formulas. In this study, total antioxidant status (TAS), total thiol (TT), and native thiol (NT) antioxidant parameters and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), glial cell line-derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), and allopregnanolone (ALLO) levels were reduced in pre-rTMS with regard to the healthy control group; TOS, OSI, DIS, and S100 calcium-binding protein B (S100B) levels were increased statistically significantly (p < 0.01). Moreover, owing to TMS treatment; TAS, TT, NT, BDNF, GDNF, and ALLO levels were increased compared to pre-rTMS, while DIS, TOS, OSI, and S100B levels were decreased significantly (p < 0.01). The rTMS treatment reduces oxidative stress and restores thiol-disulfide balance in MDD patients. Additionally, rTMS modulates neurotrophic factors and neuroactive steroids, suggesting its potential as an antidepressant therapy. The changes in the biomarkers evaluated may help determine a more specific approach to treating MDD with rTMS therapy.
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation with concurrent cognitive performance targeting posterior parietal cortex vs prefrontal cortex on working memory in schizophrenia: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Working memory deficits are linked to irregularities in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and the posterior parietal cortex (PPC) in schizophrenia, effective intervention strategies are lacking. We evaluated the differential efficacy and underlying neuromechanisms of targeting transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) at the DLPFC and the PPC with concurrent cognitive performance for working memory in schizophrenia. In a randomized and double-blind clinical trial, sixty clinically stable schizophrenic patients with below-average working memory were randomly assigned to active DLPFC, active PPC, and sham tDCS groups. Two sessions of tDCS during N-back task were delivered daily for five days. The primary outcome was changes in spatial span test scores from baseline to week 1. The secondary outcomes included changes in scores of color delay-estimation task, other cognitive tasks, and mismatch negativity (biomarker of N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor functioning). Compared with the active DLPFC group, the active PPC group demonstrated significantly greater improvement in spatial span test scores (p = 0.008, d = 0.94) and an augmentation in color delay-estimation task capacity at week 1; the latter sustained to week 2. Compared with the sham tDCS group, the active PPC group did not show a significant improvement in spatial span test scores at week 1 and 2; however, significant enhancement was observed in their color delay-estimation task capacity at week 2. Additionally, mismatch negativity amplitude was enhanced, and changes in theta band measures were positively correlated with working memory improvement in the active PPC group, while no such correlations were observed in the active DLPFC group or the sham tDCS group. Our results suggest that tDCS targeting the PPC relative to the DLPFC during concurrent cognitive performance may improve working memory in schizophrenia, meriting further investigation. The improvement in working memory appears to be linked to enhanced N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor functioning.
Correction to: Altered blood parameters in “major depression” patients receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) therapy: a randomized case-control study (Translational Psychiatry, (2024), 14, 1, (264), 10.1038/s41398-024-02942-8)$$$ Correction to: Translational Psychiatryhttps://doi.org/10.1038/s41398-024-02942-8, published online 25 June 2024 In this article, the order that the authors appeared in the author list was incorrect. The original article has been corrected.
Evaluating the effects of tDCS on depressive and anxiety symptoms from a transdiagnostic perspective: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Depressive and anxiety symptoms are prevalent among patients with various clinical conditions, resulting in diminished emotional well-being and impaired daily functioning. The neural mechanisms underlying these symptoms, particularly across different disorders, remain unclear, limiting the effectiveness of conventional treatments. Therefore, it is crucial to elucidate the neural underpinnings of depressive and anxiety symptoms and investigate novel, effective treatments across clinical conditions. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a neuromodulatory technique that can help understand the neural underpinnings of symptoms and facilitate the development of interventions, addressing the two research gaps at both neural and clinical levels. Thus, this systematic review and meta-analysis aims to evaluate the existing evidence regarding the therapeutic efficacy of tDCS in reducing depressive and anxiety symptoms among individuals with diverse clinical diagnoses. This review evaluated evidence from fifty-six randomized, sham-controlled trials that administered repeated tDCS sessions with a parallel design, applying a three-level meta-analytic model. tDCS targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) at 2-mA intensity demonstrates moderate efficacy in alleviating depressive symptoms, identifying the left DLPFC as a transdiagnostic neural mechanism of depressive symptoms across clinical conditions. In comparison, the findings on anxiety symptoms demonstrate greater heterogeneity. tDCS over the left DLPFC is effective in reducing depressive symptoms and shows promising effects in alleviating anxiety symptoms among individuals with diverse diagnoses. These findings enhance our understanding of the neuropsychological basis of depressive and anxiety symptoms, laying the groundwork for the development of more effective tDCS interventions applicable across clinical conditions.
Clinical and neurophysiological effects of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and EEG-guided neurofeedback in Parkinson’s disease: a randomized, four-arm controlled trial$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) and EEG-guided neurofeedback techniques can reduce motor symptoms in Parkinson’s disease (PD). However, the effects of their combination are unknown. Our objective was to determine the immediate and short-term effects on motor and non-motor symptoms, and neurophysiological measures, of rTMS and EEG-guided neurofeedback, alone or combined, compared to no intervention, in people with PD. Methods: A randomized, single-blinded controlled trial with 4 arms was conducted. Group A received eight bilateral, high-frequency (10 Hz) rTMS sessions over the Primary Motor Cortices; Group B received eight 30-minute EEG-guided neurofeedback sessions focused on reducing average bilateral alpha and beta bands; Group C received a combination of A and B; Group D did not receive any therapy. The primary outcome measure was the UPDRS-III at post-intervention and two weeks later. Secondary outcomes were functional mobility, limits of stability, depression, health-related quality-of-life and cortical silent periods. Treatment effects were obtained by longitudinal analysis of covariance mixed-effects models. Results: Forty people with PD participated (27 males, age = 63 ± 8.26 years, baseline UPDRS-III = 15.63 ± 6.99 points, H&Y = 1–3). Group C showed the largest effect on motor symptoms, health-related quality-of-life and cortical silent periods, followed by Group A and Group B. Negligible differences between Groups A-C and Group D for functional mobility or limits of stability were found. Conclusions: The combination of rTMS and EEG-guided neurofeedback diminished overall motor symptoms and increased quality-of-life, but this was not reflected by changes in functional mobility, postural stability or depression levels. Trial registration: NCT04017481.
Reducing pain by improving brain and muscle activity with motor cortical neuromodulation in women with interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome: a study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Interstitial cystitis/bladder pain syndrome (IC/BPS) is a chronic pain condition creating a wide range of urologic and pain symptoms. There is currently limited evidence to understand the mechanisms of IC/BPS. There have been recent studies suggesting that altered function in brain motor areas, particularly the supplementary motor cortex (SMA), relates to altered bladder sensorimotor control and may play an important role in IC/BPS. This study aims to provide evidence that non-invasive stimulation targeting the motor cortex may help reduce IC/BPS pain, as well as better understand the neural mechanism by which this stimulation targets neuromuscular dysfunction. This study is a two-group quadruple-blinded randomized controlled trial (RCT) of active vs. sham repetitive transmagnetic stimulation (rTMS). In addition, our study will also include functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), pelvic floor electromyography (EMG), pelvic exam, and outcome measures and questionnaires to further study outcomes. Ethics and dissemination: All aspects of the study were approved by the Institutional Review Board of the University of Southern California (protocol HS-20–01021). All participants provided informed consent by the research coordinator/assistants. The results will be submitted for publication in peer-reviewed journals and disseminated at scientific conferences. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04734847. Registered on February 1, 2021.
Repeated prefrontal tDCS for improving mental health and cognitive deficits in multiple sclerosis: a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study$$$ Background: Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is an autoimmune disease associated with physical disability, psychological impairment, and cognitive dysfunctions. Consequently, the disease burden is substantial, and treatment choices are limited. In this randomized, double-blind study, we conducted repeated prefrontal electrical stimulation in 40 patients with MS to evaluate mental health variables (quality of life, sleep difficulties, psychological distress) and cognitive dysfunctions (psychomotor speed, working memory, attention/vigilance), marking it as the third largest sample size tDCS research conducted in MS to date. Methods: The patients were randomly assigned (block randomization method) to two groups of sham (n = 20), or 1.5-mA (n = 20) transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (F3) and right frontopolar cortex (Fp2) with anodal and cathodal stimulation respectively (electrode size: 25 cm2). The treatment included 10 sessions of 20 min of stimulation delivered every other day. Outcome measures were MS quality of life, sleep quality, psychological distress, and performance on a neuropsychological test battery dedicated to cognitive dysfunctions in MS (psychomotor speed, working memory, and attention). All outcome measures were evaluated at the pre-intervention and post-intervention assessments. Both patients and technicians delivering the stimulation were unaware of the type of stimulation being used. Results: Repeated prefrontal real tDCS significantly improved quality of life and reduced sleep difficulties and psychological distress compared to the sham group. It, furthermore, improved psychomotor speed, attention, and vigilance compared to the sham protocol. Improvement in mental health outcome variables and cognitive outperformance were interrelated and could predict each other. Conclusions: Repeated prefrontal and frontopolar tDCS ameliorates secondary clinical symptoms related to mental health and results in beneficial cognitive effects in patients with MS. These results support applying prefrontal tDCS in larger trials for improving mental health and cognitive dysfunctions in MS. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT06401928.
Cortical intermittent theta burst stimulation on gait pathomechanics and urinary tract dysfunction in incomplete spinal cord injury patients: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Gait impairment and neurogenic bladder are co-existing common findings in incomplete spinal cord injury (iSCI). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), evident to be a promising strategy adjunct to physical rehabilitation to regain normal ambulation in SCI. However, there is a need to evaluate the role of Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS), a type of patterned rTMS in restoring gait and neurogenic bladder in SCI patients. The aim of the present study is to quantify the effect of iTBS on spatiotemporal, kinetic, and kinematic parameters of gait and neurogenic bladder dyssynergia in iSCI. After maturing all exclusion and inclusion criteria, thirty iSCI patients will be randomly divided into three groups: Group-A (sham), Group-B (active rTMS) and Group-C (active iTBS). Each group will receive stimulation adjunct to physical rehabilitation for 2 weeks. All patients will undergo gait analysis, as well assessment of bladder, electrophysiological, neurological, functional, and psychosocial parameters. All parameters will be assessed at baseline and 6th week (1st follow-up). Parameters except urodynamics and gait analysis will also be assessed after the end of the 2 weeks of the intervention (post-intervention) and at 12th week (2nd follow-up). Appropriate statistical analysis will be done using various parametric and non-parametric tests based on results.
Efficiency and safety of continuous theta burst stimulation for primary insomnia: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: Primary insomnia is a substantial public health burden, but current treatments for this disorder have limited effectiveness and adherence. Herein, we aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) for the treatment of primary insomnia. Methods: This two-armed, randomized, sham-controlled trial was conducted at Peking University Sixth Hospital and local community clinics. A total of 46 patients with primary insomnia were recruited and randomly allocated to either the cTBS group or sham group. Forty-one patients completed 10 sessions of cTBS or sham intervention and follow-up assessments. Results: After the intervention, the severity of insomnia was significantly lower in the cTBS group than in the sham group, with a large effect size (Cohen's d = −1.938). Additionally, 52.4 % of patients in the cTBS group achieved a response (Insomnia Severity Index score reduction ≥8), whereas only 4 % of patients in the sham group achieved a response. The duration of objective total sleep time and slow-wave sleep were higher in the cTBS group than in the sham group. The degree of anxiety was lower in the cTBS group than in the sham group. There were no significant differences in depression, sleepiness, or cognitive function between the cTBS and sham groups. During follow-up, the sleep quality of the cTBS group significantly improved and remained stable at the 6-month follow-up. Conclusion: In this randomized clinical trial, cTBS improved insomnia symptoms and was generally well tolerated, thus supporting the further development of cTBS for the treatment of primary insomnia.
Non-invasive, non-convulsive brain stimulation beyond TMS and ECT in late-life mental disorders: A systematic review$$$ Objective: This systematic review aims to present a comprehensive overview of research studies investigating non-invasive, non-convulsive neuromodulation techniques, beyond transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), for addressing late-life mental disorders typically occurring in outpatient settings in individuals aged 60 years and older. Methods: A systematic literature search was performed on four databases yielding 5022 records: PubMed, EBSCO (APA PsycInfo, APA PsycArticles, Psychology and Behavioral Sciences Collection, PSYNDEX Literature with PSYNDEX Tests), Cochrane Library and Scopus. Results: A total of 21 study records were included in this systematic review, comprising 6 study trials, of which only two were randomized controlled trials (RCTs), and 21 case reports extracted from the remaining 15 records. The predominant interventions investigated across the studies included transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS), and photobiomodulation (PBM). These interventions were primarily explored in the context of geriatric depression, but also in bipolar disorder, schizoaffective disorder, catatonic schizophrenia, and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Limitations: The limited amount of data, biases in conducted studies and a lack of generalizability (e.g., many case reports) currently prevent quantitatively supported evaluations of the interventions in the older population. Conclusions: Non-invasive, non-convulsive neuromodulation techniques for late-life mental disorders receive growing research interest. There is, however, a lack of adequately powered and well-designed high-quality studies for older age groups. Overall tDCS, TNS and PBM appeared to be safe and well-tolerated. Considering age-related challenges in pharmacological or psychotherapeutic interventions, non-invasive neuromodulation could be a promising treatment option.
The safety and feasibility of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with conservative treatment for patients with cervicogenic headaches: A double-blinded randomized control study protocol$$$ Background: Cervicogenic headaches (CGH) are common following concussion and whiplash injuries and significantly reduce patient quality of life. Conservative therapies such as ET (ET) and physiotherapy combined with injection-based therapies are cornerstones of treatment for CGH but have shown limited efficacy. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the primary motor cortex (M1) has shown promise in treating other chronic pain conditions. The primary aim of this trial is to evaluate the feasibility and safety of tDCS when combined with ET for the treatment of CGH. Methods: Adults (aged 18–65), blinded to treatment arm, will be randomized into one of two groups: active tDCS followed by ET or sham tDCS followed by ET. Transcranial direct current stimulation will be applied over M1 three times per week for 6-weeks and ET will be performed daily. The primary outcomes of this trial will be the feasibility and safety of the intervention. Feasibility will be defined as greater than 30 % recruitment, 70 % protocol adherence, and 80 % retention rate. Safety will be defined as no severe adverse events. Secondary exploratory outcomes will assess improvement in pain, strength, function, and quality of life. Conclusions: This trial aims to demonstrate the safety and feasibility of tDCS in combination with ET for the treatment of CGH. Cervicogenic headaches can be difficult to treat contributing to significant impairments function and quality of life. Transcranial direct current stimulation is a potential novel treatment to improve health outcomes in these patients. Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov-NCT05582616.
Structural-functional connectomics in major depressive disorder following aiTBS treatment$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) has been associated with changes in the structural (SC) and functional connectivity (FC) of the brain. This study investigated the effects of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) on SC-FC coupling and graph theory measures, focusing on the association between baseline SC-FC coupling of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and clinical improvement. In a randomized, sham-controlled, quadruple-blind, crossover study, aiTBS was delivered to the left dlPFC of depressed patients with MDD, and diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rsfMRI) data were acquired. In 77 MDD patients, significantly increased whole-brain SC-FC coupling was observed, primarily driven by default mode network (DMN) SC-FC coupling, along with increased somatomotor network FC, and decreased FC between the DMN hubs and limbic regions after active aiTBS. Furthermore, significant increases were observed in structural global and local efficiency measures that were not specific to the stimulation condition (active/sham aiTBS). However, these changes did not significantly correlate with clinical improvement. Notably, baseline SC-FC coupling of the left dlPFC was a significant predictor of clinical improvement. Our findings highlight the potential of left dlPFC SC-FC coupling as a predictor of aiTBS treatment outcomes, as well as the effect of aiTBS in enhancing SC-FC coupling.
Effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation on sleep quality in fibromyalgia: A double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: The aim of the current study was to assess the therapeutic impact of repeated low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (rDLPFC) on sleep problems in patients with fibromyalgia. Methods: Forty two patients with fibromyalgia who had sleep difficulties were randomly assigned to receive either real or sham rTMS treatment. Patients received 20 treatment sessions (5 sessions per week) in which 1200 rTMS pulses were applied over the rDLPFC using a frequency of 1 Hz and an intensity of 120 % of the resting motor threshold. All participants were evaluated at baseline, and then 1 month and 3 months after treatment using the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Medical Outcomes Study Sleep Scale (MOS-SS) and polysomnography (PSG). Results: There were significant time (pre, 1month, and 3 months)X group (real versus sham group) interactions in all 3 clinical rating scales; FIQ (Df = 1.425, F = 237.645, P = 0.001), PSQI (Df = 2, F = 64.005, P = 0.001), MOS-SS (Df = 2, F = 28.938, P = 0.001) due to the fact that the real group improved significantly more over time than the sham group. Similarly, the real group improved more on the PSG parameters than the sham group. The effect sizes were large both in the rating scales and PSG, indicating a substantial clinical improvement. Correlation as an exploratory analysis between the changes (pre - post 3 months) in MOS-SS and PLMs index (/h) showed significant negative correlation (r = −0.643, P = 0.002). Conclusions: 20 sessions of LF-rTMS over rDLPFC can improve sleep quality in both subjective (PSQI and MOSS) as well as objective (PSG) rating scales.
Physical Exercise for Treating the Anxiety and Depression Symptoms of Parkinson’s Disease: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Depression and anxiety are non-motor symptoms of Parkinson’s disease (PD). Physical exercise is a promising approach to reducing neuropsychological burden. We aimed to comprehensively synthesize evidence regarding the use of exercise for treating depression and anxiety symptoms in PD. Methods: Systematic review and meta-analysis following PRISMA recommendations. Searches on PubMed, Cochrane Library, Scopus, Web of Science, Embase, and Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) was conducted. The random-effects model was employed for all analyses with the standardized mean difference as the effect estimate. Results: Fifty records were retrieved, but only 17 studies met the criteria for the meta-analyses. A moderate to large effect was observed for depression (−.71 [95% CI = −.96 to −.46], 11 studies, 728 individuals), and a small to moderate effect for anxiety (−.39 [95% CI = −.65 to −.14], 6 studies, 241 individuals), when comparing exercise to non-exercise controls. Subgroup analysis revealed significant effects from aerobic (−.95 [95% CI = −1.60, −.31]), mind-body (−1.85 [95% CI = −2.63, −1.07]), and resistance modalities (−1.61 [95% CI = −2.40, −.83]) for depression, and from mind-body (−.67 [95% CI = −1.19 to −.15]) and resistance exercises (−1.00 [95% CI = −1.70 to −.30]) for anxiety. Conclusion: Physical exercise has a relevant clinical impact on depression and anxiety in PD. We discuss the level of the evidence, the methodological limitations of the studies, and give recommendations.
Assessing the effectiveness of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation for treating obsessive-compulsive disorder: Results from a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial$$$ Objective: Characterized by its disabling nature, obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) affects individuals profoundly, with nearly 40% of patients showing resistance to initial treatment methods. Despite being safe and easily accessible, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) lacks extensive substantiation supporting its efficacy in treating OCD. The objective of this study was to evaluate how cathodal high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) applied to the right orbitofrontal cortex affected patients with OCD in terms of efficacy. Method: 47 patients with OCD were enrolled. They were randomly allocated to active or sham stimulation groups, and underwent HD-tDCS stimulation treatment for 2 weeks. The central electrode located in the right orbitofrontal cortex region was cathodic. The severity of the patients' obsessive-compulsive symptoms, depression and anxiety were assessed before and after treatment. Result: Out of the total, 44 patients concluded the treatment, comprising 23 participants from the active stimulation group and 21 from the sham stimulation group. Notably, substantial reductions in symptoms related to OCD, depression, and anxiety were exhibited in both groups. With a response rate of 26.1% in the active stimulation group and 23.8% in the sham stimulation group, there was no significant difference in efficacy observed. Furthermore, the reduction in depression and anxiety symptoms at the conclusion of the treatment was not notably superior in the active stimulation group. Conclusion: This study provided evidence for the acceptability and safety of HD-tDCS. Nevertheless, the study did not reveal notable clinical effectiveness of tDCS in addressing moderate to severe OCD in comparison to the sham stimulation group.
Classical, spaced, or accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation of motor cortex for treating neuropathic pain: A 3-arm parallel non-inferiority study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary motor cortex (M1) at high frequency (HF) is an effective treatment of neuropathic pain. The classical HF-rTMS protocol (CHF-rTMS) includes a daily session for one week as an induction phase of treatment followed by more spaced sessions. Another type of protocol without an induction phase and based solely on spaced sessions of HF-rTMS (SHF-rTMS) has also been shown to produce neuropathic pain relief. However, CHF-rTMS and SHF-rTMS of M1 have never been compared regarding their analgesic potential. Another type of rTMS paradigm, called accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (ACC-iTBS), has recently been proposed for the treatment of depression, the other clinical condition for which HF-rTMS is proposed as an effective therapeutic strategy. ACC-iTBS combines a high number of pulses delivered in short sessions grouped into a few days of stimulation. This type of protocol has never been applied to M1 for the treatment of pain. Methods/Design: The objective of this single-centre randomized study is to compare the efficacy of three different rTMS protocols for the treatment of chronic neuropathic pain: CHF-rTMS, SHF-rTMS, and ACC-iTBS. The CHF-rTMS will consists of 10 stimulation sessions, including 5 daily sessions of 10Hz-rTMS (3,000 pulses per session) over one week, then one session per week for 5 weeks, for a total of 30,000 pulses delivered in 10 stimulation days. The SHF-rTMS protocol will only include 4 sessions of 20Hz-rTMS (1,600 pulses per session), one every 15 days, for a total of 6,400 pulses delivered in 4 stimulation days. The ACC-iTBS protocol will comprise 5 sessions of iTBS (600 pulses per session) completed in half a day for 2 consecutive days, repeated 5 weeks later, for a total of 30,000 pulses delivered in 4 stimulation days. Thus, CHF-rTMS and ACC-iTBS protocols will share a higher total number of TMS pulses (30,000 pulses) compared to SHF-rTMS protocol (6,400 pulses), while CHF-rTMS protocol will include a higher number of stimulation days (10 days) compared to ACC-iTBS and SHF-rTMS protocols (4 days). In all protocols, the M1 target will be defined in the same way and stimulated at the same intensity using a navigated rTMS (nTMS) procedure. The evaluation will be based on clinical outcomes with various scales and questionnaires assessed every week, from two weeks before the 7-week period of therapeutic stimulation until 4 weeks after. Additionally, three sets of neurophysiological outcomes (resting-state electroencephalography (EEG), nTMS-EEG recordings, and short intracortical inhibition measurement with threshold tracking method) will be assessed the week before and after the 7-week period of therapeutic stimulation. Discussion: This study will make it possible to compare the analgesic efficacy of the CHF-rTMS and SHF-rTMS protocols and to appraise that of the ACC-iTBS protocol for the first time. This study will also make it possible to determine the respective influence of the total number of pulses and days of stimulation delivered to M1 on the extent of pain relief. Thus, if their analgesic efficacy is not inferior to that of CHF-rTMS, SHF-rTMS and especially the new ACC-iTBS protocol could be an optimal compromise of a more easy-to-perform rTMS protocol for the treatment of patients with chronic neuropathic pain.
Can non-motor outcomes be improved in chronic stroke? A systematic review on the potential role of non-invasive brain stimulation$$$ Background: Non-invasive brain stimulation induces changes in spontaneous neural activity in the cerebral cortex through facilitatory or inhibitory mechanisms, relying on neuromodulation of neural excitability to impact brain plasticity. This systematic review assesses the state-of-the art and existing evidence regarding the effectiveness of NIBS in cognitive recovery among patients with chronic stroke. Materials and methods: We conducted a systematic search, following PRISMA guidelines, for articles published from January 2010 through September 2023. We searched the following databases: PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, PEDro, Rehab Data, and Web of Science. Results: Our electronic searches identified 109 papers. We assessed and included 61 studies based on their pertinence and relevance to the topic. After reading the full text of the selected publications and applying predefined inclusion criteria, we excluded 32 articles, leaving 28 articles for our qualitative analysis. We categorized our results into two sections as follows: (1) Cognitive and emotional domains (11 studies), (2) language and speech functions (16 studies). Conclusion: Our findings highlight the potential of NIBS, such as tDCS and rTMS, in the cognitive, linguistic, and emotional recovery of post-stroke patients. Although it seems that NIBS may work as a complementary tool to enhance cognitive and communication abilities in patients with stroke –also in the chronic phase- evidence on behavioural outcomes is still poor. Future studies should focus on this important issue to confirm the effectiveness of neuromodulation in chronic neurological diseases. PROSPERO Registration: CRD42023458370.
Toward a neurocircuit-based sequential transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of pediatric bipolar II disorder$$$ Background: Abnormalities in large-scale neuronal networks—the frontoparietal central executive network (CEN)—are consistent findings in bipolar disorder and potential therapeutic targets for transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Objective: The present study aimed to assess the effects of CEN neurocircuit-based sequential TMS on the clinical symptoms and cognitive functions of adolescents with bipolar II disorder. Methods: The study was a single-blinded, randomized, placebo-control trial. Participants with DSM-5-defined bipolar disorder II were recruited and randomized to receive either a sham treatment (n = 20) or an active TMS treatment (n = 22). The active group patients were taking medication, with intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) treatment provided as adjunctive treatment targeting the left DLPFC, the left ITG, and the left PPC nodes consecutively. Patients completed the measurements of HAMD and the Das-Naglieri Cognition Assessment System at baseline and 3 weeks after the intervention. Results: A significant group-by-time interaction was observed in the HAMD, total cognition, and planning. Post-hoc analysis revealed that patients in the active group significantly improved HAMD scores following neurostimulation. Moreover, within-subject analysis indicated that the active group significantly improved in scores of total cognition and planning, while the sham group did not. No significant differences were seen in the other cognitive measures. Conclusion: The neurocircuit-based sequential TMS protocol targeting three CEN nodes, in conjunction with medication, safely and effectively improved depressive symptoms and cognitive function in adolescents with bipolar II disorder.
Predicting the outcome of psychotherapy for chronic depression by person-specific symptom networks$$$ Psychotherapies are efficacious in the treatment of depression, albeit only with a moderate effect size. It is hoped that personalization of treatment can lead to better outcomes. The network theory of psychopathology offers a novel approach suggesting that symptom interactions as displayed in person-specific symptom networks could guide treatment planning for an individual patient. In a sample of 254 patients with chronic depression treated with either disorder-specific or non-specific psychotherapy for 48 weeks, we investigated if person-specific symptom networks predicted observer-rated depression severity at the end of treatment and one and two years after treatment termination. Person-specific symptom networks were constructed based on a time-varying multilevel vector autoregressive model of patient-rated symptom data. We used statistical parameters that describe the structure of these person-specific networks to predict therapy outcome. First, we used symptom centrality measures as predictors. Second, we used a machine learning approach to select parameters that describe the strength of pairwise symptom associations. We found that information on person-specific symptom networks strongly improved the accuracy of the prediction of observer-rated depression severity at treatment termination compared to common covariates recorded at baseline. This was also shown for predicting observer-rated depression severity at one- and two-year follow-up. Pairwise symptom associations were better predictors than symptom centrality parameters for depression severity at the end of therapy and one year later. Replication and external validation of our findings, methodological developments, and work on possible ways of implementation are needed before person-specific networks can be reliably used in clinical practice. Nevertheless, our results indicate that the structure of person-specific symptom networks can provide valuable information for the personalization of treatment for chronic depression.
New treatments: Opportunities and challenges$$$ Across the spectrum of perinatal mental illness, there exist a variety of effective treatments. However, the available treatments are not always matched to the presentation, resources, constraints, or values of each patient. Furthermore, provider, local, and systemic factors complicate access to current treatment options. New and emerging approaches offer the potential of more effective treatment for specific perinatal psychiatric disorders. From neuroactive steroid medications to accelerated psychotherapy interventions, recent innovations have demonstrated enhanced efficacy on a faster timeline. Optimally, these developments will also lower barriers to care but this is not necessarily true. We review novel and upcoming interventions across perinatal mental illness and place them in the context of existing treatments and common challenges.
Integration of tai chi and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for sleep disturbances in older adults: A pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: The arousal state has been demonstrated to be involved in the fundamental pathophysiological mechanism of sleep disturbances. Tai chi (TC) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have been documented to alleviate sleep disturbances by interfering with different arousal components. It is reasonable to assume that combining TC and rTMS could induce synergistic and longer-lasting benefits for sleep disturbances. Methods: Thirty-eight older community-dwelling people were randomly assigned to one of three groups: TC plus rTMS (n = 12), TC alone (n = 13), and treat-as-usual (TAU) (n = 13). The interventions were conducted three times per week for 4 weeks for the two intervention groups. The primary outcome was the insomnia severity, while the secondary outcomes were the actigraphy-assessed sleep patterns, use of hypnotic medications, mood states, and quality of life. The mediator outcomes included self-reported somatic arousal and cognitive arousal as well as electroencephalogram (EEG)-assessed cortical arousal. The assessments were conducted at baseline (T0), post-intervention (T1), and 3-month follow-up (T2). Results: Significant improvements in the insomnia severity were observed in the TC plus rTMS group compared with the TAU group at T1 (Cohen's d = 1.62, p = 0.003) and T2 (Cohen's d = 1.97, p < 0.001). In contrast, significant improvements in the TC alone group were found only at T2 (Cohen's d = 1.03, p = 0.010) when compared with the TAU group. Significant interaction effects were noted on the actigraphy-assessed sleep efficiency (p = 0.015) and total sleep time (p = 0.004), depression (p = 0.003) and stress scores (p = 0.002), and mental function in relation to quality of life (p = 0.042). However, none of the mediators elucidated how combining TC and rTMS could improve the insomnia severity. Conclusion: The research findings are expected to guide further clinical practice in the management of sleep disturbances among older adults using various interventions. Future studies are needed to unravel the underlying mechanism and optimize the protocol to maximize the therapeutic benefits.
Evaluating cognitive assessment tools for patients with major depressive disorder receiving electroconvulsive therapy: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) affects 350 million people worldwide. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective, yet research on cognitive assessments post-treatment is lacking. This study systematically reviews and meta-analyzes the effectiveness of cognitive assessment tools post-ECT to optimize MDD treatment. Methods: Following PRISMA guidelines, this review was pre-registered on PROSPERO (CRD42023470318). Searches were conducted across nine databases up to November 12, 2023. Quality assessment for Randomized Controlled Trials (RCTs) and quasi-experimental studies was performed using the Cochrane risk of bias tool, JBI critical appraisal tools, and the Jadad scale. Meta-analyses for short-term and long-term cognitive function involved 24 and 18 tools, respectively. Findings: Thirty studies (20 RCTs and 10 quasi-experimental) involving 2462 MDD patients were evaluated. Results indicated no significant differences in overall short-term and long-term cognitive functions post-ECT. Short-term analysis showed impairments in memory, learning, and verbal abilities but improvements in attention and processing speed. Long-term analysis revealed enhancements in memory, learning, verbal, and visuospatial abilities compared to baseline. Based on GRADE classification, we recommend 11 tools for assessing acute cognitive function and 10 tools for chronic cognitive impairment. These tools demonstrated high reliability and validity, supporting their clinical use. Interpretation: These findings provide critical evidence for future ECT clinical guidelines in managing MDD. The recommended tools can aid clinicians in adjusting ECT regimens, identifying early cognitive changes, and improving therapeutic outcomes in MDD treatment.
Addition of Liposomal Bupivacaine to Standard Bupivacaine versus Standard Bupivacaine Alone in the Supraclavicular Brachial Plexus Block: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: The analgesic effect of adding liposomal bupivacaine to standard bupivacaine in supraclavicular brachial plexus block is not known. The authors hypothesized that addition of liposomal bupivacaine would reduce acute postoperative pain compared to standard bupivacaine alone. Methods: A randomized controlled trial was conducted. Patients and outcome assessors were blinded. Eighty patients undergoing distal radial fracture fixation during regional anesthesia with supraclavicular brachial plexus block were randomized into two groups. The liposomal bupivacaine group received 10 ml 0.5% plain bupivacaine immediately followed by 10 ml 1.33% liposomal bupivacaine (n = 40). The standard bupivacaine group received 20 ml 0.5% plain bupivacaine (n = 40). The primary outcome was weighted area under curve (AUC) numerical rating scale pain score at rest during the first 48 h after surgery. Secondary outcomes included weighted AUC scores for pain with movement, overall benefit with analgesia score, and other functional scores. Results: For the primary outcome, the liposomal bupivacaine group was associated with statistically significantly lower weighted AUC pain score at rest (0.6 vs. 1.4; P < 0.001) in the first 48 h. Of the secondary outcomes, no difference between treatment groups reached statistical significance with the exception of weighted AUC score for pain with movement (2.3 vs. 3.7; adjusted P < 0.001) and overall benefit with analgesia score (1.1 vs. 1.7; adjusted P = 0.020) in the first 48 h, as well as numerical rating scale pain score at rest (0.5 vs. 1.9; adjusted P < 0.001) and with movement (2.7 vs. 4.9; adjusted P < 0.001) on postoperative day 1. Differences in numerical rating scale pain scores on postoperative days 2, 3, and 4 did not reach the level of statistical significance. There were no statistically significant differences in sensory function. Conclusions: Liposomal bupivacaine given via supraclavicular brachial plexus block reduced pain at rest in the early postoperative period.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of complex regional pain syndrome: A feasibility study$$$ Introduction: Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) is a debilitating chronic pain condition characterized by sensory, motor, and autonomic dysfunction (1). It has a world-wide prevalence of 26.2 per 100,000 people per year and is 3 to 4 times more prevalent in females (2). CRPS has a profound impact on patients, healthcare, and the economy, globally. Despite this, effective pain relief is a current unmet medical need in patients with CRPS. Non-invasive neuromodulation called repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be an effective therapy for pain relief in patients with CRPS. Sham-controlled studies (3-5) and meta-analyses (6-8) demonstrated that 10 Hz rTMS applied over primary motor cortex reduces symptoms of neuropathic pain in heterogenous groups of patients. In CRPS, evidence for pain relief following rTMS is promising but limited (9-11). Therefore, the objective of our prospective cohort study was to investigate the feasibility of using rTMS in 12 CRPS (type 1 or 2) patients, to improve pain intensity and quality of life. The information from this study will be used to inform a larger randomized controlled trial. This is a preliminary report of five initial participants having 2 upper limb and 3 lower limb CRPS. Methods: Participants took part in 4 weeks (5 days per week) of rTMS followed by a 5-week tapering period whereby the frequency of sessions per week was reduced. rTMS was applied over the hand representation of left primary motor cortex in patients with upper limb CRPS and over the bi-lateral leg representation of primary motor cortex for lower limb patients. rTMS was delivered at 10 Hz for 2000 pulses at 80% of resting motor threshold. Feasibility was assessed as compliance of attending treatment sessions defined as a minimum of attending 3 sessions per week for 4 weeks and 5 sessions over 5-weeks during the tapering period. The primary clinical outcome was pain intensity and secondary outcomes included pain catastrophizing, anxiety, depression, and fatigue. Outcomes were measured at baseline and after the 9-week rTMS intervention. Results: All participants were compliant to the treatment sessions, demonstrating feasibility, and all experienced improvements in pain intensity with an average reduction of 30% on the numerical rating scale. There was a 45% reduction in pain catastrophizing, 22% reduction in anxiety, 28% reduction in depression, and 30% reduction in fatigue. Conclusion: These preliminary results demonstrate that our rTMS intervention is feasible and is effective for pain relief and improved quality of life in patients with CRPS. Disclosures: Stevie Foglia, MSc: None, Aimee Nelson: None, Ravjot Rehsi: None, Harsha Shanthanna: None, Claudia Turco: None
ECT-rTMS Hybrid (ErTH) Combo for Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Case Study$$$ Introduction: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) accounts for about 30% of major depressive disorder (MDD) and is a major public health burden due to its poor prognosis, high cost, and approximately 20 times higher suicide rate compared to the general population1,2. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the gold standard treatment for TRD but is invasive, expensive, requires general anesthesia, involves cognitive side effects, and includes patient inconveniences3. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective and non-invasive treatment for TRD with few side effects, but it has a weaker efficacy and a long time-to-action4,5. Recognizing these important treatment gaps, our team developed the ErTH combo that sequentially uses 10-15 sessions of ECT and 20-25 sessions of rTMS, specifically designed to treat TRD patients with Hamilton Depression 17 scale (HAM-D17) scores of ≥30 at baseline. This novel protocol allows for the synergistic benefits of each therapy while reducing the side effects, time lag, and cost. This case report illustrates how the ErTH combo induced remission of TRD in a 65-year-old female. Her TRD resulted in chronic sadness, hopelessness, suicidality, poor quality of life, and the loss of her job. Her TRD had failed adequate trials of sertraline, fluoxetine, aripiprazole, bupropion, desmethylvenlafaxine, lamotrigine, lurasidone, and stimulants. A joint patient-provider decision was made to initiate ErTH combo therapy to treat TRD symptoms. Methods: ErTH combo in the index patient was initiated with 11 ECTs using brief pulse, lowering the seizure threshold with methohexital and succinylcholine as anesthetics. Subsequently, the patient was switched to 25 sessions of rTMS that targeted the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with 10 Hz, 120% MT, and 3000 pulses/session. Throughout treatment, the patient continued her pre-treatment antidepressant medications (venlafaxine 225mg and mirtazapine 7.5mg per day). Results: 11 ECTs resulted in a HAM-D17 score reduction from 38 to 12, which further reduced to 5 (initial remission) following 25 sessions of rTMS. One month later, her HAM-D17 score increased to 18, which necessitated the administration of an additional 10 sessions of rTMS and resulted in a HAM-D17 score of 5. At this time, the patient has returned to work and is maintaining 4-months of sustained remission, no longer requiring mirtazapine. Conclusion: The findings in this case report suggest that the ErTH combo is a shorter duration, lower cost, and more effective treatment for TRD in this patient. If replicated in future randomized controlled trials, the ErTH combo may be an effective treatment option for TRD. Disclosures: McCathie Eugene, BS: None, Jonathan Henry, BS: None, Basant Pradhan, MD: None, Ankit Rana, BA: None
2.26 The Clinical Effects of 1 Hz and 10 Hz Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Suicidal Ideation in Adolescents With MDD$$$ Objectives: Prior research has examined 10 Hz transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for the treatment of suicidal ideation in adolescents. This study sought to compare the clinical effects of 1 Hz and 10 Hz TMS treatment on suicidal ideation in adolescents with depression. It was hypothesized that adolescents treated with 1 Hz and 10 Hz TMS would have similar improvements in suicidal ideation. Methods: Adolescents aged 12 to 18 years (N = 41) were randomized to 1 Hz or 10 Hz TMS with 6 weeks of treatment (30 sessions). The primary outcome was intensity of suicidal ideation, assessed weekly with the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS). An ordinal logistic regression model via a generalized estimating equation (GEE) analysis of repeated measures was first used to estimate the change in the intensity of suicidal ideation over the 6 weeks of acute TMS treatment without adjusting for the change in depression severity via Children’s Depression Rating Scale-Revised (CDRS-R) total score over the TMS treatment period. Then, in a separate ordinal logistic model, we adjusted for the change in depression severity (via CDRS-R total score, with item 13 removed, as a time-varying covariate). Age, sex at birth, and number of previously failed medications (measure of treatment resistance) were included as covariates in each model. Results: Suicidal ideation intensity decreased with both 1 Hz and 10 Hz TMS treatments over 6 weeks (p = .0016 and p = .0015) with no difference in decreases among the 2 doses of TMS (p = .785). In adjusted models for change in depressive symptom severity, the changes in intensity of suicidal ideation in both treatment groups were nonsignificant. Conclusions: This study suggests that 6 weeks of both 1 Hz and 10 Hz TMS treatment have favorable clinical effects on suicidal ideation through the improvement of depressive symptoms. Future studies should examine rapid dosing models of TMS for adolescents with suicidal ideation and biomarker-driven treatment approaches. NM, DDD, S
14.4 Emerging Neuroimaging Platforms and Pipelines for Precision Neuromodulation$$$ Objectives: MDD represents one of the world’s most impactful conditions, and many adolescents fail to respond to firstline treatment. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an effective treatment modality of MDD in adults. However, a large-scale randomized controlled trial of TMS for adolescents with MDD found no difference between the active and control conditions. Recent developments aim to improve TMS targeting by using the patient’s own dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) connectivity map. A recent study applied intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) to the dlPFC area manifesting maximal anticorrelations with the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC). In order to apply this rationale for adolescents with depression, valid and reliable targets are needed. Here we will report results from a targeting approach in pilot data, as well as preliminary evidence for the identified targets in adolescent MDD. Methods: We compared 2 targeting approaches. The restricted approach takes an optimum location based on the resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC) between the sgACC and the dlPFC to optimize the TMS delivery. A second comprehensive approach was to simulate all reasonable stimulator positions, and then select the stimulator position with the strongest mean anticorrelation with the subgenual cortex (SGC). We tested this approach in multi-echo data collected at the NIMH. Results: The comprehensive approach stimulates cortical areas with a stronger mean anticorrelation with the SGC (p = 7.25 x 10-7) and a greater proportion of anticorrelated cortical area (p = 3.39 x 10-7) than the restricted method. Conclusions: Preliminary evidence showed that the comprehensive approach rendered better quality targets than the restricted approach. This pipeline will be applied in an open-label trial at the NIMH. DDD, IMAGS, NM
14.1 Accelerated Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Refractory Depression in ASD$$$ Objectives: MDD disproportionately affects individuals with ASD and contributes to functional disability, including vocational impairment, social withdrawal, and suicide. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) variations like accelerated theta burst stimulation (aTBS) may help improve tolerability in ASD. In this session, we will present on the efficacy and safety of aTBS for the treatment of refractory depression in ASD. This session will also review recent unpublished data from an interventional trial of TMS for adolescents with MDD that included patients with ASD. Methods: We studied the use of aTBS for the treatment of refractory MDD in ASD (3 treatments daily x 10 days). This prospective, open-label, 12-week trial included 10 subjects with a mean age of 21.5 years, randomized to receive unilateral or bilateral stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We used a robust sham technique that suitably replicated the sensory experience (auditory and peripheral activation) of active TBS with minimal intracranial activation. Results: One participant dropped out of the study due to intolerability. In both treatment arms, depressive symptoms, scored on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D [HDRS-17]), diminished substantially. At 12 weeks posttreatment, full remission was sustained in 5 subjects and partial remission in 3 subjects. Treatment with aTBS, regardless of the site of stimulation, was associated with a significant, substantial, and sustained improvement in depressive symptomatology via the primary outcome measure, HDRS-17 (F3,21 = 28.49; p < .001; ejection fraction [EF] = 1.976). Additional secondary measures, including self-report depression scales (F3,21 = 7.72; p = .001; EF = 1.037), fluid cognition (F3,21 = 10.00; p < .001; EF = 1.174), and sleep quality (F3,19 = 4.27; p = .018; EF = 0.799) showed significant improvement with a large effect size. No serious adverse events occurred during the study. Mild transient headaches were infrequently reported, which are expected side effects of aTBS. Conclusions: Overall, aTBS treatment was highly effective and well tolerated in individuals with ASD and co-occurring MDD. The findings support the need for a larger, sham-controlled randomized controlled trial to further evaluate the efficacy of aTBS in this population. NM, ASD, DDD
2.27 Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Treatment of Adolescent Depression and Anxiety: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Objectives: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a promising treatment for depression and anxiety, but the effect size in adolescents is unclear. We meta-analyzed the literature on TMS for depression and anxiety in adolescents. Methods: We conducted a PubMed search using the keywords “transcranial magnetic stimulation,” “adolescent,” “youth,” “depression,” and “anxiety” for studies published from 2001 to April 2024. We computed a weighted mean percentage improvement in the primary outcome across all studies. Results: A total of 22 studies (N = 704, mean age 16.7) were included. The primary target location was the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC), except for 6 studies that targeted the bilateral DLPFC and one that targeted the right dorsomedial prefrontal cortex. Standard TMS was utilized in 20 studies, and the remaining 2 studies combined continuous and intermittent theta burst stimulation (cTBS and iTBS). Eighteen studies were uncontrolled (n = 371), while 4 were randomized controlled trials (n = 164 active, n = 169 sham). Eighteen studies reported depression as a primary outcome, one reported anxiety as a primary outcome, and 3 reported both depression and comorbid anxiety as a primary outcome. The weighted mean improvement overall was 63.2% (SD = 7.6). Weighted mean improvement in depression was 65.8% (SD = 7.7, n = 456), and improvement in anxiety was 61.9% (SD = 4.2, n = 131). Of note, one large-scale randomized controlled trial did not show a statistically significant difference between the active treatment group (42%) and the sham group (36.4%). Conclusions: In conclusion, TMS may be an effective, noninvasive treatment for reducing depression and anxiety. DDD, NM, AD
Neural Circuitry and Therapeutic Targeting of Depressive Symptoms in Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders$$$ OBJECTIVE: Conceptual similarities between depressive and negative symptoms complicate biomarker and intervention development. This study employed a data-driven approach to delineate the neural circuitry underlying depressive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia spectrum disorders (SSDs). METHODS: Data from three studies were analyzed (157 participants with SSDs) to assess brain-behavior relationships: two neuroimaging studies and a randomized trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Partial least squares correlation (PLSC) was used to investigate associations between resting-state functional connectivity and depressive and negative symptoms. Secondary analyses of rTMS trial data (active, N=37; sham, N=33) were used to assess relationships between PLSC-derived symptom profiles and treatment outcomes. RESULTS: PLSC identified three latent variables (LVs) relating functional brain circuitry with symptom profiles. LV1 related a general depressive symptom factor with positive associations between and within the default mode network (DMN), the frontoparietal network (FPN), and the cingulo-opercular network (CON). LV2 related negative symptoms (no depressive symptoms) via negative associations, especially between the FPN and the CON, but also between the DMN and the FPN and the CON. LV3 related a guilt and early wakening depression factor via negative rather than positive associations with the DMN, FPN, and CON. The secondary visual network had a positive association with general depressive symptoms and negative associations with guilt and negative symptoms. Active (but not sham) rTMS applied bilaterally to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) reduced general depressive but not guilt-related or negative symptoms. CONCLUSIONS: The results clearly differentiate the neural circuitry underlying depressive and negative symptoms, and segregated across the two-factor structure of depression in SSDs. These findings support divergent neurobiological pathways of depressive symptoms and negative symptoms in people with SSDs. As treatment options are currently limited, bilateral rTMS to the DLPFC is worth exploring further for general depressive symptoms in people with SSDs.
Efficacy of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Reducing Craving, Depression, and Improving Working Memory in Patients with Cannabis Use Disorders: A Randomized, Double-blind, Sham-controlled$$$ Background: The beneficial effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on substance use disorders, achieved by reducing craving, impulsivity, and risk-taking behavior, can be considered an effective therapeutic approach. Transcranial direct current stimulation can be considered an effective therapeutic approach for reducing cannabis craving, improving levels of depression, and enhancing working memory in cannabis users. Objectives: This study investigated the effectiveness of tDCS applied to the Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on craving, depression, and working memory in cannabis users. Methods: This was a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind, parallel-group study. Fifty male participants who met the criteria for cannabis use disorder according to DSM-5 were randomly assigned to either the real tDCS group (25 participants) or the sham tDCS group (25 participants). Pretests, including marijuana urine tests, the Marijuana Craving Questionnaire-Short Form (MCQ-SF), the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), and the Wechsler Memory Scale, were conducted before the intervention. The real tDCS group underwent 20 sessions of tDCS stimulation, each lasting 20 minutes, with a current intensity of 2 milliamperes applied at the F3 and F4 positions for DLPFC stimulation. The sham tDCS group received only 30 seconds of initial electrical stimulation, with no further current delivered. Both groups also received standard psychological treatments alongside the tDCS interventions. After completing the interventions, the same tests were administered again to assess the outcomes. Results: Participants who received real tDCS showed significant improvement in levels of craving, depression, and working memory. This reduction in scores and levels was statistically significant compared to the sham group. Conclusions: Transcranial direct current stimulation can be considered an effective therapeutic approach for reducing cannabis craving, improving levels of depression, and enhancing working memory in cannabis users.
Continuous theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: A multicenter, double-blind randomized controlled study exploring treatment efficacy and predictive potential of kynurenine metabolites$$$ Background: While theta burst stimulation (TBS) shows promise in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), its effectiveness in bipolar depression (BD-D) remains uncertain. Optimizing treatment parameters is crucial in the pursuit of rapid symptom relief. Moreover, aligning with personalized treatment strategies and increased interest in immunopsychiatry, biomarker-based stratification of patients most likely to benefit from TBS might improve remission rates. We investigated treatment effectiveness of continuous TBS (cTBS) compared to sham in BD-D, and assessed the capacity of plasma kynurenine pathway metabolites to predict treatment outcome. Methods: Thirty-seven patients with BD-D underwent accelerated active or sham cTBS treatment in a multicenter, double-blind, randomized controlled trial. Depressive symptoms were measured with the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) before treatment (T0), 3–4 days posttreatment (T1) and 10–11 days posttreatment (T2). Plasma tryptophan, kynurenine, kynurenic acid and quinolinic acid concentrations were quantified with ELISA. Linear mixed models were used for statistical analyses. Results: Although the total sample showed depressive symptom improvement, active cTBS did not demonstrate greater symptom alleviation compared to sham. However, higher baseline quinolinic acid significantly predicted symptom improvement in the active treatment group, not in sham-stimulated patients. Limitations: The modest sample size limited the power to detect significant differences with regard to treatment effect. Also, the follow-up period was 10–11 days, whereas similar studies usually follow up for at least one month. Conclusion: More research is required to optimize cTBS for BD-D and explore the involvement of quinolinic acid in treatment outcome.
Effectiveness of acupuncture plus music therapy for post-stroke depression Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a prevalent complication of stroke that adversely affects patient outcomes. The etiology of PSD is complex, and no universally effective treatment exists. Acupuncture, with its historical use, combined with music therapy, presents a novel approach for PSD treatment. This study aims to systematically evaluate the clinical efficacy of combining acupuncture with music therapy for PSD through a meta-analysis. Methods: We systematically searched both Chinese and English literature in PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang, and the Chinese Science and Technology Periodical Database (VIP Database) for randomized controlled trials evaluating acupuncture combined with music therapy for PSD. Two independent evaluators conducted quality assessments and data extraction. Statistical analyses were performed using RevMan 5.4 and Stata 18.0 software. Results: This article contains 11 studies, involving a total of 698 patients. The results of the meta-analysis showed that, compared with the control group, the test group showed significant improvement on multiple outcome measures: HAMD score [mean difference (MD) = ‐3.18, 95% confidence interval (CI) (‐3.61, ‐2.76), P < .00001], Self-Rating Depression Scale score [MD = ‐5.12, 95% CI (‐6.61, ‐3.63), P < .00001], Pittsburgh sleep quality index score [MD = ‐2.40, 95% CI (‐2.96, ‐1.84), P < .00001], BI score [MD = 14.16, 95% CI (4.37, 23.94), P = .005] were all significantly lower, significantly higher effectiveness [risk ratio = 1.21, 95% CI (1.11, 1.33), P < .0001]. These differences were also statistically significant. Conclusion: The use of acupuncture combined with music therapy is effective in reducing depression in PSD patients.
The effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 criterion in patients with major depressive disorder without psychotic features: a systematic review and meta-analysis of intervention studies$$$ AIM: In line with the publication of clinical information related to the therapeutic process of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and the updating of relevant treatment guidelines, the present meta-analysis study was designed and conducted to determine the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS-17) criterion in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) without psychotic features. METHODS: In this study, a systematic search was conducted in electronic databases such as PubMed [Medline], Scopus, Web of Science, Embase, Ovid, Cochrane Library, and ClinicalTrials. gov using relevant keywords. The search period in this study was from January 2000 to January 2022, which was updated until May 2023. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that determined the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS-17) criterion in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) without psychotic features were included in the analysis. The quality of the included RCTs was assessed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias checklist. Statistical analyses were performed using STATA (Version 16) and RevMan (Version 5). RESULTS: Following the combination of results from 16 clinical trial studies in the present meta-analysis, it was found that the mean Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS-17) in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) decreases by an average of 1.46 units (SMD: -1.46; % 95 CI: -1.65, -1.27, I square: 45.74%; P heterogeneity: 0.56). Subgroup analysis results indicated that the standardized mean difference of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS-17) varied based on the number of treatment sessions: patients receiving 10 or fewer repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) sessions showed a mean Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS-17) reduction of 2.60 units (SMD: -2.60; % 95 CI: -2.86, -2.33, I square: 55.12%; P heterogeneity: 0.55), while those receiving 11 to 20 sessions showed a mean Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS-17) reduction of 0.28 units (SMD: -0.28; % 95 CI: -0.65, -0.09, I square: 39.91%; P heterogeneity: 0.89). CONCLUSION: In conclusion, our meta-analysis demonstrates the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in reducing depressive symptoms in major depressive disorder (MDD) patients. The complex results of subgroup analysis revealed insight on the possible benefits of a more focused strategy with fewer sessions, as well as the impact of treatment session frequency. These findings add to our understanding of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a therapeutic intervention for the treatment of major depressive illnesses.
Investigating combined acupuncture and transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with poststroke shoulder pain from China: protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Poststroke shoulder pain is a common complication that severely affects the recovery of upper limb motor function. Acupuncture has positive analgesic effects in treating poststroke shoulder pain, and studies have demonstrated the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in treating patients with this pain. However, whether acupuncture combined with tDCS has a superior rehabilitation effect on poststroke shoulder pain is currently unknown. We aimed to observe the effect of the combined intervention on poststroke shoulder pain and explore its possible central analgesic mechanism. METHODS AND ANALYSIS: This study describes a randomised controlled trial using assessor blinding. A total of 135 poststroke patients with shoulder pain will be randomly assigned in a 1:1:1 ratio to the tDCS group, acupuncture group and combined group (acupuncture plus tDCS). All three groups will undergo conventional rehabilitation treatment. Participants in the tDCS group will receive tDCS stimulation on the M1 area for 20 min, while the acupuncture group will receive 20 min of acupuncture. The combined treatment group will receive both. All treatments will be performed five times per week for 4 weeks. The primary outcome indicator in this study is the Visual Analogue Scale pain score. Secondary outcome indicators include shoulder mobility, Shoulder Pain and Disability Index, Fugl-Meyer Motor Function Scale, Modified Barthel Index Scale, Self-Rating Anxiety and Depression Scale and functional MRI. All scale results will be assessed at baseline and at 2 weeks and 4 weeks, and during follow-up at 1 month, 3 months and 6 months postdischarge. A repeated analysis of variance will be conducted to observe the group×time interaction effects of the combined intervention. Moreover, functional MRI will be applied to explore the central analgesic mechanism. ETHICS AND DISSEMINATION: Ethics approval was obtained from the Ethics Committee of the Affiliated Rehabilitation Hospital of Fujian University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (2023KY-039-001). The results of the study will be published in a peer-reviewed journal and presented at scientific conferences. TRIAL REGISTRATION NUMBER: ChiCTR2300078270.
Erratum: Accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation and treatment-refractory bipolar depression: a randomized clinical trial(JAMA Psych (2024) DOI: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2024.1787)$$$ In the Brief Report titled Accelerated Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation and Treatment-Refractory Bipolar Depression: A Randomized Clinical Trial, 1 published online July 10, 2024, the funder was changed from the Milken Foundation to the Baszucki Brain Research Fund. This article has been corrected online.
Accelerated Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation and Treatment-Refractory Bipolar Depression: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Bipolar disorder (BD) is chronic and disabling, with depression accounting for the majority of time with illness. Recent research demonstrated a transformative advance in the clinical efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD) using an accelerated schedule of intermittent theta-burst stimulation (aiTBS), but the effectiveness of this treatment for treatment-refractory BD is unknown. Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of aiTBS for treatment-refractory BD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This randomized clinical trial, conducted from March 2022 to February 2024, included individuals with treatment-resistant BD with moderate to severe depressive episodes referred from the Penn Bipolar outpatient clinic. Included patients had 2 or more prior failed antidepressant trials by Antidepressant Treatment History Form criteria and no other primary psychiatric diagnosis, were receiving a mood stabilizer for 4 or more weeks, and had a Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score of 20 or higher. Intervention: Prior to treatment, resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging was used to compute personalized left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex target by connectivity to subgenual anterior cingulate cortex. Patients were randomized 1:1 to 10 sessions per day of imaging-guided active or sham aiTBS for 5 days with 1 session per hour at 90% resting motor threshold for 90000 pulses total. Main Outcome and Measures: The main outcome was repeated MADRS scores before and after treatment. Results: A total of 24 participants (12 [50%] female; 12 [50%] male; mean [SD] age, 43.3 [16.9] years) were randomized to active (n = 12) or sham (n = 12) aiTBS. All participants completed treatment and 1-month follow-up. MADRS scores were significantly lower in the active group (mean [SD], 30.4 [4.8] at baseline; 10.5 [6.7] after treatment) than in the sham group (28.0 [5.4] at baseline; 25.3 [6.7] after treatment) at treatment end (estimated difference, -14.75; 95% CI, -19.73 to -9.77; P <.001; Cohen d, -2.19). Conclusion and Relevance: In this randomized clinical trial, aiTBS was more effective than sham stimulation for depressive symptom reduction in patients with treatment-resistant BD. Further trials are needed to determine aiTBS durability and to compare with other treatments. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT05228457.
A Dose-Finding, Biomarker Validation, and Effectiveness Study of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Adolescents With Depression$$$ OBJECTIVE: Research and clinical application of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for adolescents with major depressive disorder (MDD) has advanced slowly. Significant gaps persist in our understanding of optimized, age-specific protocols and dosing strategies. This study aimed to compare the clinical effects of 1 Hz versus 10 Hz TMS regimens and examine a biomarker-informed treatment approach with glutamatergic intracortical facilitation (ICF). METHOD: Participants with moderate-to-severe symptoms of MDD were randomized to 30 sessions of left prefrontal 1 Hz or 10 Hz TMS, stratified by baseline ICF measures. The primary clinical outcome measure was the Children's Depression Rating Scale, Revised (CDRS-R). The CDRS-R and ICF biomarker were collected weekly. RESULTS: Forty-one participants received either 1 Hz (n = 22) or 10 Hz (n = 19) TMS treatments. CDRS-R scores improved compared to baseline in both 1 Hz and 10 Hz groups. For participants with low ICF at baseline, the overall least squares means of CDRS-R scores over the 6-week trial showed that depressive symptom severity was lower for the group treated with 1 Hz TMS than for those who received 10 Hz TMS. There were no significant changes in weekly ICF measurements across the 6 weeks of TMS treatment. CONCLUSION: Low ICF may reflect optimal glutamatergic N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor activity that facilitates the therapeutic effect of 1 Hz TMS through long-term depression-like mechanisms on synaptic plasticity. The stability of ICF suggests that it is a tonic, trait-like measure of NMDA receptor-mediated neurotransmission, with potential utility to inform parameter selection for therapeutic TMS in adolescents with MDD.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in children and young people with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has demonstrated benefits in adults with various psychiatric disorders, but its clinical utility in children and young people (CYP) remains unclear. This PRISMA systematic review used published and ongoing studies to examine the effects of tDCS on disorder-specific symptoms, mood and neurocognition in CYP with psychiatric disorders. We searched Medline via PubMed, Embase, PsychINFO via OVID, and Clinicaltrials.gov up to December 2022. Eligible studies involved multiple session (i.e., treatment) tDCS in CYP (≤ 25 years old) with psychiatric disorders. Two independent raters assessed the eligibility of studies and extracted data using a custom-built form. Of 33 eligible studies (participant N = 517), the majority (n = 27) reported an improvement in at least one outcome measure of disorder-specific symptoms. Few studies (n = 13) examined tDCS effects on mood and/or neurocognition, but findings were mainly positive. Overall, tDCS was well tolerated with minimal side effects. Of 11 eligible ongoing studies, many are sham-controlled RCTs (n = 9) with better blinding techniques and a larger estimated participant enrolment (M = 79.7; range 15–172) than published studies. Although encouraging, the evidence to date is insufficient to firmly conclude that tDCS can improve clinical symptoms, mood, or cognition in CYP with psychiatric disorders. Ongoing studies appear of improved methodological quality; however, future studies should broaden outcome measures to more comprehensively assess the effects of tDCS and develop dosage guidance (i.e., treatment regimens).
Home-based, Remotely Supervised, 6-Week tDCS in Patients With Both MCI and Depression: A Randomized Double-Blind Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ As depressive symptom is considered a prodrome, a risk factor for progression from mild cognitive impairment (MCI) to dementia, improving depressive symptoms should be considered a clinical priority in patients with MCI undergoing transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) intervention. We aimed to comprehensively evaluate the efficacy of the home-based and remotely monitored tDCS in patients with both MCI and depression, by integrating cognitive, psychological, and electrophysiological indicators. In a 6-week, randomized, double blind, and sham-controlled study, 37 community-dwelling patients were randomly assigned to either an active or a sham stimulation group, and received 30 home-based sessions of 2 mA tDCS for 30 min with the anode located over the left and cathode over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We measured depressive symptoms, neurocognitive function, and resting-state electroencephalography. In terms of effects of both depressive symptoms and cognitive functions, active tDCS was not significantly different from sham tDCS. However, compared to sham stimulation, active tDCS decreased and increased the activation of delta and beta frequencies, respectively. Moreover, the increase in beta activity was correlated with the cognitive enhancement only in the active group. It was not possible to reach a definitive conclusion regarding the efficacy of tDCS on depression and cognition in patients with both MCI and depression. Nevertheless, the relationship between the changes of electrophysiology and cognitive performance suggests potential neuroplasticity enhancement implicated in cognitive processes by tDCS.
A randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation plus donepezil vs donepezil alone for mild to moderate cognitive impairment due to small vessel cerebrovascular disease$$$ Objectives: Small vessel cerebrovascular disease (SVCVD) accounts for 35% to 67% of vascular dementias, and may be overlooked by healthcare providers due to its insidious onset. SVCVD involves chronic cerebral ischemia and hypoperfusion, endothelial dysfunction, blood-brain barrier disruption, and interstitial fluid reflux. The purpose of this study was to investigate the clinical efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with donepezil hydrochloride compared to donepezil alone in the treatment of mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment in patients with SVCVD. Material and methods: A cohort of 115 individuals with mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment due to SVCVD was purposefully selected and randomized into two groups: a test group and a control group. The test group received a combination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and oral donepezil hydrochloride (10 mg/day), while the control group received oral donepezil alone (10 mg/day). The Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) scores were evaluated in both groups prior to and following the interventions. Results: Following 6 weeks of treatment, both groups demonstrated enhancement in cognitive function. However, a statistically significant difference was observed between the test group and the control group (p <.05 on both the MMSE and the MOCA), favoring the test group. Conclusions: Compared to donepezil alone, the combination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and donepezil has a significantly greater effect on enhancing cognitive function among individuals experiencing mild-to-moderate cognitive impairment resulting from SVCVD.
Oral esketamine in patients with treatment-resistant depression: a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with open-label extension$$$ About one-third of patients with depression do not achieve adequate response to current treatment options. Although intravenous and intranasal administrations of (es)ketamine have shown antidepressant properties, their accessibility and scalability are limited. We investigated the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of generic oral esketamine in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in a randomized placebo-controlled trial with open-label extension. This study consisted of 1) a six-week fixed low-dose treatment phase during which 111 participants received oral esketamine 30 mg or placebo three times a day; 2) a four-week wash-out phase; and 3) an optional six-week open-label individually titrated treatment phase during which participants received 0.5 to 3.0 mg/kg oral esketamine two times a week. The primary outcome measure was change in depressive symptom severity, assessed with the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS17), from baseline to 6 weeks. Fixed low-dose oral esketamine when compared to placebo had no benefit on the HDRS17 total score (p = 0.626). Except for dizziness and sleep hallucinations scores, which were higher in the esketamine arm, we found no significant difference in safety and tolerability aspects. During the open-label individually titrated treatment phase, the mean HDRS17 score decreased from 21.0 (SD 5.09) to 15.1 (SD 7.27) (mean difference −6.0, 95% CI −7.71 to −4.29, p < 0.001). Our results suggest that fixed low-dose esketamine is not effective in TRD. In contrast, individually titrated higher doses of oral esketamine might have antidepressant properties.
Intermittent theta-burst stimulation to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may increase potentiated startle in healthy individuals$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment protocols targeting the right dlPFC have been effective in reducing anxiety symptoms comorbid with depression. However, the mechanism behind these effects is unclear. Further, it is unclear whether these results generalize to non-depressed individuals. We conducted a series of studies aimed at understanding the link between anxiety potentiated startle and the right dlPFC, following a previous study suggesting that continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) to the right dlPFC can make people more anxious. Based on these results we hypothesized that intermittent TBS (iTBS), which is thought to have opposing effects on plasticity, may reduce anxiety when targeted at the same right dlPFC region. In this double-blinded, cross-over design, 28 healthy subjects underwent 12 study visits over a 4-week period. During each of their 2 stimulation weeks, they received four 600 pulse iTBS sessions (2/day), with a post-stimulation testing session occurring 24 h following the final iTBS session. One week they received active stimulation, one week they received sham. Stimulation weeks were separated by a 1-week washout period and the order of active/sham delivery was counterbalanced across subjects. During the testing session, we induced anxiety using the threat of unpredictable shock and measured anxiety potentiated startle. Contrary to our initial hypothesis, subjects showed increased startle reactivity following active compared to sham stimulation. These results replicate work from our two previous trials suggesting that TMS to the right dlPFC increases anxiety potentiated startle, independent of both the pattern of stimulation and the timing of the post stimulation measure. Although these results confirm a mechanistic link between right dlPFC excitability and startle, capitalizing upon this link for the benefit of patients will require future exploration.
Metaanalysis of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) Efficacy for OCD Treatment: The Impact of Stimulation Parameters, Symptom Subtype and rTMS-Induced Electrical Field$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has recently demonstrated significant potential in treating obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). However, its effectiveness depends on various parameters, including stimulation parameters, OCD subtypes and electrical fields (EFs) induced by rTMS in targeted brain regions that are less studied. Methods: Using the PRISMA approach, we examined 27 randomized control trials (RCTs) conducted from 1985 to 2024 using rTMS for the treatment of OCD and conducted several meta-analyses to investigate the role of rTMS parameters, including the EFs induced by each rTMS protocol, and OCD subtypes on treatment efficacy. Results: A significant, medium effect size was found, favoring active rTMS (gPPC = 0.59, p < 0.0001), which was larger for the obsession subscale. Both supplementary motor area (SMA) rTMS (gPPC = 0.82, p = 0.048) and bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) rTMS (gPPC = 1.14, p = 0.04) demonstrated large effect sizes, while the right DLPFC showed a significant moderate effect size for reducing OCD severity (gPPC = 0.63, p = 0.012). These protocols induced the largest EFs in dorsal cognitive, ventral cognitive and sensorimotor circuits. rTMS protocols targeting DLPFC produced the strongest electrical fields in cognitive circuits, while pre-supplementary motor area (pre-SMA) and orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) rTMS protocols induced larger fields in regions linked to emotional and affective processing in addition to cognitive circuits. The pre-SMA rTMS modulated more circuits involved in OCD pathophysiology—sensorimotor, cognitive, affective, and frontolimbic—with larger electrical fields than the other protocols. Conclusions: While rTMS shows moderate overall clinical efficacy, protocols targeting ventral and dorsal cognitive and sensorimotor circuits demonstrate the highest potential. The pre-SMA rTMS appears to induce electrical fields in more circuits relevant to OCD pathophysiology.
Efficacy of rTMS Combined with Cognitive and Language Training in People Living with Alzheimer’s Disease: A Systematic Review$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation method that has been suggested as a possible treatment method for cognitive impairment in patients with Alzheimer’s Disease (pwAD), similar to multidomain cognitive training (CT). The effectiveness, however, of combining these techniques for pwAD remains controversial due to the variability in rTMS parameters, differences in CT protocol designs—many of which neglect the language domain—and the inclusion of patients at various stages of Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) and with different types of dementia. The current review aims to evaluate the cognitive benefits of combining rTMS with CT, including language training, for individuals with mild to moderate AD. An extensive literature search was conducted in PubMed, Google Scholar, and the Cochrane Library with relevant terms, resulting in nine studies with a total of 290 participants [190 in the Active Group (AG) and 100 in the Control Group (CG)]. The comprehensive review of the articles revealed that the combined treatment improved global cognitive function, as well as neurocognitive, neuropsychiatric, and quality of life in the AG. Nevertheless, these results should be interpreted cautiously, given the relatively small number of existing studies on this specific combination.
Effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) during a Virtual Reality Task in Women with Fibromyalgia—A Randomized Clinical Study$$$ Background/Objectives: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a chronic condition characterized by widespread musculoskeletal pain, fatigue, and impaired motor performance. This study aimed to investigate the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) during virtual reality (VR) tasks on the motor performance of women with FM. Methods: Participants were divided into two groups: Group A received active tDCS for 10 days followed by sham tDCS for 10 days, while Group B received the opposite sequence. Both groups performed VR tasks using MoveHero software (v. 2.4) during the tDCS sessions. Motor performance was assessed by the number of hits (movement with correct timing to reach the targets) and absolute (accuracy measure) and variable (precision measure) errors during VR tasks. Participants were 21 women, aged 30–50 years, and diagnosed with FM. Results: Group A, which received active tDCS first, presented significant improvements in motor performance (number of hits and absolute and variable errors). The benefits of active tDCS persisted into the sham phase, suggesting a lasting neuroplastic effect. Conclusions: tDCS during VR tasks significantly improved motor performance in women with FM, particularly in complex, extensive movements. These findings indicate that tDCS enhances neuroplasticity, leading to sustained motor improvements, making it a promising therapeutic tool in FM rehabilitation.
Prediction of Clinical Outcomes in Psychotic Disorders Using Artificial Intelligence Methods: A Scoping Review$$$ Background: Psychotic disorders are major psychiatric disorders that can impact multiple domains including physical, social, and psychological functioning within individuals with these conditions. Being able to better predict the outcomes of psychotic disorders will allow clinicians to identify illness subgroups and optimize treatment strategies in a timely manner. Objective: In this scoping review, we aimed to examine the accuracy of the use of artificial intelligence (AI) methods in predicting the clinical outcomes of patients with psychotic disorders as well as determine the relevant predictors of these outcomes. Methods: This review was guided by the PRISMA Guidelines for Scoping Reviews. Seven electronic databases were searched for relevant published articles in English until 1 February 2024. Results: Thirty articles were included in this review. These studies were mainly conducted in the West (63%) and Asia (37%) and published within the last 5 years (83.3%). The clinical outcomes included symptomatic improvements, illness course, and social functioning. The machine learning models utilized data from various sources including clinical, cognitive, and biological variables such as genetic, neuroimaging measures. In terms of main machine learning models used, the most common approaches were support vector machine, random forest, logistic regression, and linear regression models. No specific machine learning approach outperformed the other approaches consistently across the studies, and an overall range of predictive accuracy was observed with an AUC from 0.58 to 0.95. Specific predictors of clinical outcomes included demographic characteristics (gender, socioeconomic status, accommodation, education, and employment); social factors (activity level and interpersonal relationships); illness features (number of relapses, duration of relapses, hospitalization rates, cognitive impairments, and negative and disorganization symptoms); treatment (prescription of first-generation antipsychotics, high antipsychotic doses, clozapine, use of electroconvulsive therapy, and presence of metabolic syndrome); and structural and functional neuroimaging abnormalities, especially involving the temporal and frontal brain regions. Conclusions: The current review highlights the potential and need to further refine AI and machine learning models in parsing out the complex interplay of specific variables that contribute to the clinical outcome prediction of psychotic disorders.
Ketamine versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive episode: An updated systematic review and non-inferiority meta-analysis$$$ We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis to investigate the comparative effectiveness of ketamine versus electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for the treatment of major depressive episodes (MDEs). PubMed, EMBASE and Cochrane Library databases were systematically searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ketamine and ECT for MDE. The primary outcome was response rate, for which we prespecified a non-inferiority margin of -0.1, based on the largest and most recent RCT. Response was defined as a reduction of at least 50 % in the depression scale score. Six RCTs met the inclusion criteria, comprising 655 patients. In the overall population, ketamine was not non-inferior to ECT in response rate (RD -0.10; 95 % CI -0.26 to 0.05; p = 0.198; I2 = 72 %). The ECT group had a higher reduction in depression scores, but without difference in remission and relapse rates. Regarding safety outcomes, ketamine had better posttreatment cognition scores and reduced muscle pain rate compared with ECT, albeit with an increased rate of dissociative symptoms. In a subanalysis with only inpatients, ketamine was inferior to ECT in response rate (RD -0.15; 95 % CI -0.27 to -0.03; p = 0.014; I2 = 25 %), remission, and change in depression scores. These findings support the use of ECT over ketamine for inpatients. Further RCTs are warranted to clarify the comparative effect of these treatments for outpatients.
The efficacy and safety of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis from randomized controlled trials$$$ 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine (MDMA), commonly known as ecstasy, is one of the most widely used illicit substances worldwide. MDMA-assisted psychotherapy has become a novel treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and many randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have been performed over the past decade. Therefore, this study aimed to systematically review and demonstrate the efficacy and safety of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for the treatment of PTSD. We conducted a systematic search of PubMed, Embase, and Web of Science databases up to October 27, 2023, selected RCTs assessing the efficacy and safety of MDMA-assisted psychotherapy for the treatment of PTSD, and evaluated their quality using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. Seven RCTs were selected from the retrieved references. The results revealed that MDMA-assisted psychotherapy effectively reduced the change from baseline score in the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale in patients with PTSD compared with either placebo or active controls. However, MDMA causes a series of adverse events, including muscle tightness, nausea, and decreased appetite. To a certain extent, MDMA-assisted psychotherapy may improve symptoms in patients with PTSD. However, side effects and abuse issues still seriously hinder clinical application of MDMA.
Ketamine treatment for anhedonia in unipolar and bipolar depression: a systematic review$$$ Ketamine, an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist, is a racemic mixture of esketamine and arketamine used to treat unipolar and bipolar depression. Preliminary reports indicate that it may be beneficial for depressed patients reporting symptoms of anhedonia. In this systematic review we aim to assess and analyze the existing body of evidence regarding the therapeutic effects of ketamine on the domain of anhedonia. Electronic databases (PubMed, APA Psycinfo and Web of Science) were searched from inception to November 2023. Protocol was registered in PROSPERO under the identifier CRD42023476603. A total of twenty-two studies, including four randomized-controlled trials and eighteen open-label trials were included. All studies reported alleviation of anhedonia symptoms following ketamine or esketamine administration, regardless of the number of infusions. Several important limitations were included, first and foremost low number of placebo-controlled randomized-controlled trials. This review indicates a potential anti-anhedonic effect of ketamine in patients with depression. Several trials used neuroimaging techniques which confirm ketamine's effect on functional connectivity correlating with the improvement in anhedonia. Despite considerable variations in methodology and the specific brain regions investigated, these studies collectively point towards ketamine's neuroplastic effects in mitigating anhedonia.
Efficacy and safety of eight enhanced therapies for treatment-resistant depression: A systematic review and network meta-analysis of RCTs$$$ Background: Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD) challenges psychiatric treatment, with existing guidelines covering only a subset of augmentation strategies. Methods: A network meta-analysis following PRISMA guidelines examined the efficacy and safety of TRD treatments, analyzing 72 randomized controlled trials from eight databases, assessing response and remission rates, tolerability, and safety through the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool and CINeMA framework. Findings: Including 12,105 participants, the analysis highlighted ECT, Ketamine, Esketamine, and Psilocybin as superior first-line treatments due to their optimal balance between effectiveness and tolerability. Brexpiprazole and Quetiapine showed no significant efficacy over placebo in response rates, while Esketamine and Psilocybin exhibited lower tolerability. Interpretation: The results advocate for ECT, Ketamine, Esketamine, and Psilocybin as preferred treatments for TRD, guiding clinical practice with evidence-based recommendations for enhancing treatment outcomes. This study underscores the importance of considering both efficacy and safety in selecting augmentation strategies for TRD.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation in reducing depressive symptoms during the peripartum period$$$ Purpose of reviewTo present the latest data on the efficacy, safety, and acceptability of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in peripartum depression (PPD), complemented by notes emerging from our clinical and research experience.Recent findingsTMS and tDCS show promising results to manage mild to moderate depressive symptoms in the peripartum period. Evidence of TMS efficacy during pregnancy and the postpartum comes from two small randomized controlled trials (RCTs) with encouraging but still inconsistent results. Evidence of tDCS efficacy during pregnancy comes from one small RCT and in the postpartum the first RCT is just now being conducted and results are highly expected. The safety profile (with transient mild adverse effect to women and no known risk to the foetus/newborn) and acceptability by women seems overall good. However, the perspectives from health professionals and managers are unclear.SummaryWhereas TMS accelerated protocols (e.g., more than one session/day) and shorter sessions (e.g., theta burst stimulation) could address the need for fast results in PPD, home-based tDCS systems could address accessibility issues. Currently, the evidence on the efficacy of TMS and tDCS in PPD is limited warranting further research to support stronger evidence-based clinical guidelines.
Antidepressant class and concurrent rTMS outcomes in major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is frequently used as an adjunctive treatment with antidepressants for depression. We aimed to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of antidepressant classes when administered concurrently with rTMS for the management of major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: In this systematic review and meta-analysis, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, and the Cochrane Library were searched from inception to April 12th 2024 for terms relating to medication, depression, and rTMS and appraised by 2 independent screeners. All randomized clinical trials that prospectively evaluated a specific antidepressant adjunctively with sham rTMS as a control in MDD were included. The study was registered with PROSPERO (CRD42023418435). The primary outcome measure assessed symptomatic improvement measured by formal depression scales. We used a random-effects model with pooled Standardized Mean Differences (SMDs) and log odds ratios (OR). All studies were assessed for their methodological quality and bias using the Cochrane Collaboration Risk of Bias tool version 2 (RoB2). Findings: 14 articles from 5376 identified studies were included in the systematic review and meta-analysis. There was only sufficient trial data to evaluate the effects of rTMS and combination therapy with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and selective norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs). Across studies, 848 participants (mean [SD] age:41.1 [18.7] years for SSRIs, 51.8 [3.8] years for SNRIs) prospectively examined the efficacy of antidepressant medication with rTMS. Combining rTMS with SSRIs led to significantly lower depression scores, (SMD [CI] of −0.65 [−0.98, −0.31], p = 0.0002, I2 = 66.1%), higher response (OR = 0.97 [0.50, 1.44], p < 0.0001, I2 = 25.33%) and remission rates (OR = 1.04 [0.55, 1.52], p < 0.0001, I2 = 0.00%) than medication with sham rTMS. No additive benefit was found for SNRIs with rTMS (SMD of 0.10 [−0.14, 0.34], p = 0.42, I2 = 0.00%; OR = 0.12 [−0.39, 0.62], p = 0.64, I2 = 0.00%; OR = −0.31 [−0.90, 0.28], p = 0.86, I2 = 39.9%). The overall risk of bias for the included studies ranged from low to high, with 1 study having a high risk of bias. Interpretation: The combination of rTMS with SSRIs, but not SNRIs, significantly reduced depression severity, increasing response and remission rates. Some analyses demonstrated high heterogeneity, which was influenced by an SSRI trial with a high effect size. Overall, these results suggest that not all antidepressant combination therapies are alike, and SSRIs should be considered when initiating rTMS. Funding: Donald T. Stuss Young Investigator Research Innovation Award from the Sandra Black Centre for Brain Resilience & Recovery and the Harquail Centre for Neuromodulation through the Sunnybrook Foundation.
Effectiveness of non-pharmacological therapies for treating post-stroke depression: A systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a common neurological and psychiatric sequelae following a stroke, often surpassing the primary effects of the stroke due to its strong correlation with high mortality rates. In recent years, non-pharmacological therapy has garnered significant attention as a supplementary treatment for PSD, becoming widely adopted in clinical practice. However, the efficacy of specific intervention strategies remains unclear. This study aimed to conduct a network meta-analysis (NMA) of published studies to compare the efficacy of different non-pharmacological therapies for treating PSD. Method: We systematically searched five databases from inception through March 2024 to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating non-pharmacological therapies for the treatment of PSD. We considered individual intervention and intervention class. Intervention classes included traditional Chinese medicine (TCM), non-invasive electrotherapy stimulation (NIES), psychotherapy (PT), exercise therapy, hyperbaric oxygen, and combined interventions. The NMA was conducted using R and Stata software, following a frequency-based methodology. Assessment of methodological quality and risk of bias was conducted using the Risk of Bias assessment tool 2.0. Therapies were ranked using the P-score, and box-plots visualization, meta-regression, and sensitivity analysis, were performed to assess transitivity, heterogeneity, and consistency, respectively. Results: The NMA included 43 studies with a total of 3138 participants. Random-effects models revealed significant efficacy for acupuncture (ACUP) (P-score = 0.92; pooled standardized mean difference (95% CI): −3.12 (−4.63 to −1.60)) and transcranial direct current stimulation (P-score = 0.85; −2.78 (−5.06 to −0.49)) compared to the treatment as usual (TAU) group. In categorical comparisons, TCM_PT (P-score = 0.82; −1.91 (−3.54 to −0.28)), TCM (P-score = 0.79; −1.65 (−2.33 to −0.97)), and NIES (P-score = 0.74; −1.54 (−2.62 to −0.46)) showed significant differences compared to TAU group. Furthermore, our results indicated no significant difference between PT and the control groups. However, Confidence in Network Meta-Analysis results indicated very low overall evidence grade. Conclusion: Limited evidence suggests that ACUP may be the most effective non-pharmacological therapy for improving PSD, and TCM_PT is the best intervention class. However, the evidence quality is very low, underscoring the need for additional high-quality RCTs to validate these findings, particularly given the limited number of RCTs available for each therapy.
Long-Term Effect of Maintenance Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients With Depression—Data From a Small Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to compare the long-term effects of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (M-ECT) with medication and medication only in patients with depression. Methods: A randomized controlled trial of 1 year of M-ECT with medication or medication only investigated relapse/recurrence among 56 patients in remission after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depression was conducted. The results of the first year are published already and showed a significant advantage of M-ECT with medication. The current study was a long-term follow-up. When the randomized treatment allocation ended, medication was continued in both groups but M-ECT was terminated. Patients were followed for up to 10 years via Swedish national registers until the study endpoint of a new psychiatric diagnosis as an inpatient, suicide, suspected suicide, or death of another cause. Time to relapse was compared between the M-ECT with medication group and the medication-only group using Kaplan-Meier estimates. Results: The median follow-up time was 6.5 years for the M-ECT and medication group and 3.1 years for the medication-only group. One year after randomization 22 patients remained in the M-ECT and medication group, and 14 patients remained in the medication-only group. Relapse patterns between the treatment groups after the completion of M-ECT seemed to be similar according to visual inspection. Conclusions: This long-term follow-up study suggests that most of the benefit achieved during the treatment period with M-ECT is maintained over several years, but the small sample size, with accompanying large statistical imprecision, makes the results uncertain. More long-term studies of M-ECT are required.
A Randomised clinical trial to compare effectiveness of ketofol and ketofol-dexmedetomidine group in patients undergoing modified electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Over time, the use of ketamine and propofol in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) anaesthesia has increased. This study assessed the impact of dexmedetomidine prior to ketofol, a ketamine and propofol combination, circulation dynamics, the duration of seizures, the emergence agitation post-ECT, and the recovery period.Methods: We randomly assigned 60 ASA (American Society of Anesthesiologists) class I or II patients scheduled for ECT to two groups: the ketofol (KF) and the ketofol-dexmedetomidine (KFD), each with thirty patients. The groups received 0.5 mcg/kg dexmedetomidine and 10 ml of 0.9% saline infusion intravenously for at least 10 minutes and 10 minutes prior to the procedure, respectively, before administering ketofol. We studied the duration of the seizures, the circulatory dynamics before, during, and after ECT, and the effects on agitation, depression, mania, and psychosis. We also identified early and post-Modified E.C.T. complications.Results: In both groups, demographic profiles regarding age and gender showed no significant results. Most of the patients in group KFD reached their target MAP (mean arterial pressure) and HR (heart rate) faster and with less hemodynamic fluctuation than those in group KF. This was due to lower induction doses of ketofol (KFD > KF) and shorter induction times (KFD > KF). The mean Hamilton Depression Rating score was significantly lower in the KFD group compared to the KF group.Conclusion:Dexmedetomidine given before electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) helps stop immediate hyperdynamic reactions and lowers agitation after the procedure without changing the length of the seizure.
Dopamine has no direct causal role in the formation of treatment expectations and placebo analgesia in humans$$$ Dopamine-based reward and learning mechanisms have been suggested to contribute to placebo effects. However, the exact role of dopaminergic neurotransmission in their generation and maintenance is still unclear. This study aimed to shed light on the causal role of dopamine in establishing positive treatment expectations, as well as on the magnitude and duration of their effect on pain. To this end, we used an established placebo analgesia paradigm in combination with 2 opposing pharmacological modulations of dopaminergic tone, i.e., the dopamine antagonist sulpiride and the dopamine precursor L-dopa which were both applied in an experimental, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial with a between-subject design in N = 168 healthy volunteers. The study medication successfully altered dopaminergic tone during the conditioning procedure. Contrary to our hypotheses, the medication did not modulate the formation of positive treatment expectation and placebo analgesia tested 1 day later. Placebo analgesia was no longer detectable on day 8 after conditioning. Using a combined frequentist and Bayesian approach, our data provide strong evidence against a direct dopaminergic influence on the generation and maintenance of placebo effects. Further exploration of the neurochemical mechanisms underlying placebo analgesia remains paramount in the quest to exploit these effects for optimal treatment outcomes.
rTMS as a Next Step in Antidepressant Nonresponders: A Randomized Comparison With Current Antidepressant Treatment Approaches$$$ OBJECTIVE: Although repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for depression, little is known about the comparative effectiveness of rTMS and other treatment options, such as antidepressants. In this multicenter randomized controlled trial, rTMS was compared with the next pharmacological treatment step in patients with treatment-resistant depression. METHODS: Patients with unipolar nonpsychotic depression (N=89) with an inadequate response to at least two treatment trials were randomized to treatment with rTMS or to a switch of antidepressants, both in combination with psychotherapy. Treatment duration was 8 weeks and consisted of either 25 high-frequency rTMS sessions to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or a switch of antidepressant medication following the Dutch treatment algorithm. The primary outcome was change in depression severity based on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D). Secondary outcomes were response and remission rates as well as change in symptom dimensions (anhedonia, anxiety, sleep, rumination, and cognitive reactivity). Finally, expectations regarding treatment were assessed. RESULTS: rTMS resulted in a significantly larger reduction in depressive symptoms than medication, which was also reflected in higher response (37.5% vs. 14.6%) and remission (27.1% vs. 4.9%) rates. A larger decrease in symptoms of anxiety and anhedonia was observed after rTMS compared with a switch in antidepressants, and no difference from the medication group was seen for symptom reductions in rumination, cognitive reactivity, and sleep disorders. Expectations regarding treatment correlated with changes in HAM-D scores. CONCLUSIONS: In a sample of patients with moderately treatment-resistant depression, rTMS was more effective in reducing depressive symptoms than a switch of antidepressant medication. In addition, the findings suggest that the choice of treatment may be guided by specific symptom dimensions.
ACCELERATED RTMS TB IN DLPC CLINICAL TRIAL PLACEBO-CONTROLLED IN HUNTINGTON'S DISEASE. AN EEG STUDY WITH EXECUTIVE CONTROL AND SOCIAL COGNITION OUTCOMES$$$ Background Huntington's disease is a rare, inherited neurodegenerative disorder that leads to severe motor, psychiatric and cognitive symptoms. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has gained attention because of its potential to modulate neural activity and improve depression and cognitive function, even in neurodegenerative diseases.1 The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPC) plays a crucial role in executive function, flexibility and social cognition,2 all of which are affected by Huntington's disease.3 The EEG Stroop test is a well-established measure of cognitive flexibility and executive control.4 Aims This study aimed to evaluate the effect of an accelerated TB rTMS stimulation protocol on DLPFC, placebo-controlled, on cognitive (mainly executive and social cognition), psychiatric, and clinical variables. Methods All participants (n = 7) were assessed at baseline (T0), after placebo stimulation (T1), after the accelerated rTMS protocol (five sessions × day/4 days) (T2), and after 60 days (T3) using clinical, cognitive, and EEG assessments. Results Statistical analyses of the EEG Stroop test and cognitive variables showed a trend (not significant) of slight improvement in performance from T0 to T1, with an increase between T1 and T2 and an inverse trend towards T3. Stronger results were found for psychiatric variables (depression and apathy), which decreased towards T3. Conclusions To enhance the understanding of accelerated rTMS on DLPFC in electrophysiological, cognitive, psychiatric, and clinical data, it is imperative to re-evaluate trends in a larger sample size..
Efficacy and Safety of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation and High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder: A Systematic Meta-Analysis$$$ Aims/Background High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) and intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) are emerging neuromodulation techniques for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, clinical trials directly comparing their efficacy are limited. This meta-analysis aimed to evaluate the antidepressant effects and safety profiles of iTBS versus HF-rTMS for MDD. Methods A systematic literature search was conducted in major databases to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing iTBS and HF-rTMS for MDD. The primary outcome measures were response rate, remission rate, and common side effects. Meta-analysis was performed using fixed-effects and random-effects models. Publication bias was assessed. Results Seven RCTs were included in the meta-analysis. No significant differences were found in response rate (odds ratio (OR) 0.97, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) 0.81 to 1.16, p = 0.75) or remission rate (OR 1.06, 95% CI 0.85 to 1.31, p = 0.62) between iTBS and HF-rTMS. Both active stimulations showed significantly higher response rates than sham treatment. The odds of response were 4-5 times greater for iTBS versus sham (OR 4.84, 95% CI 2.66 to 8.80, p < 0.001) and 3-4 times greater for HF-rTMS versus sham (OR 3.85, 95% CI 2.08 to 7.13, p < 0.001). No differences in common side effects such as headache were observed between iTBS and HF-rTMS. Conclusion iTBS and HF-rTMS have comparable efficacy and safety profiles in treating MDD based on current evidence. Both neuromodulation techniques are superior to sham stimulation. iTBS could be considered an alternative to HF-rTMS, with the advantage of shorter daily treatment duration. Further large RCTs with long-term follow-up are warranted to confirm these findings.
Antidepressant efficacy of administering repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) concurrently with psychological tasks or interventions: a scoping review and meta-analysis$$$ Current approaches to optimize the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for depressive symptoms focus on personalizing targets and parameters. But what should occur during these three-to-forty-minute sessions remains under-investigated. Specific concerns include evidence suggesting brain state modulates the brain’s response to stimulation, and the potential to boost antidepressant efficacy by administering rTMS concurrently with psychological methods. Thus, conducted a scoping review and meta-analysis, per PRISMA-ScR guidelines, to pool studies that administered rTMS during psychological tasks or interventions. PubMed and Web of Science databases were searched from inception to 10 July 2024. Inclusion criteria: neuropsychiatric patients underwent rTMS; studies assessed depressive symptom severity; psychological tasks or interventions were administered during rTMS, or intentionally did not include a wash-out period. Of 8442 hits, 20 studies combined rTMS with aerobic exercise, bright light therapy, cognitive training or reactivation, psychotherapy, sleep deprivation, or a psychophysical task. Meta-analyses with random effects models pooled the efficacy of these combinations, based on change scores on depressive severity scales. The effect size was large and therapeutic for uncontrolled pretest-posttest comparisons (17 studies, 20 datasets, g=-1.91, SE=0.45, 95%CI= -2.80 to -1.03, p<0.01); medium when studies compared active combinations with sham rTMS plus active psychological methods (8 studies, g=-0.55, SE=0.14, 95%CI= -0.82 to -0.28, p<0.01); and non-significant when active combinations were compared with active rTMS plus sham psychological methods (4 studies, p= 0.96). These findings suggest that the antidepressant efficacy of combining rTMS with psychological methods is promising, but not an improvement over rTMS alone.
Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Post-Stroke Comorbid Cognitive Impairment and Depression: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: There are currently no uniform treatments for post-stroke comorbid cognitive impairment and depression (PSCCID). Objective: To verify whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can improve PSCCID symptoms and explore the underlying roles of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI). Methods: Thirty PSCCID patients were randomized in a 1: 1 ratio to receive 4 weeks of rTMS (intervention group) or sham rTMS (control group) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). rs-fMRI was acquired to analyze the functional plasticity of brain regions at baseline and immediately after the last intervention. Results: Cognition, depression status, and neural electrophysiology were improved in both intervention and control groups after treatment (p = 0.015–0.042), and the intervention group had more significant improvement than the control group. Analysis of functional connectivities (FCs) within the default mood network (DMN) showed that the connection strength of the left temporal pole/left parahippocampal cortex and right lateral temporal cortex/right retrosplenial cortex in the intervention group were enhanced compared with its pre-intervention and that in the control group after treatment (p < 0.05), and the both FC values were positively correlated with MMSE scores (p < 0.001). The intervention group had stronger FCs within the DMN compared with the control group after treatment, and some of the enhanced FCs were correlated with the P300 latency and amplitude. Conclusions: rTMS over the left DLPFC is an effective treatment for improving both cognitive impairment and depression among patients with PSCCID. The enhanced FCs within the DMN may serve as a compensatory functional recombination to promote clinical recovery.
Corrigendum to “Non-inferiority of intermittent theta burst stimulation over the left V1 vs. classical target for depression: A randomized, double-blind trial”. [J. Affect. Disord. 343 (2023) 59–70, (S016503272301162X), (10.1016/j.jad.2023.09.024)]$$$ The authors regret an error was made to the order of correspondence addresses in the footnote on the title page (the address of the first corresponding author was listed last). The correct order of the corresponding author addresses are as follows: *Correspondence to: Z. Zhang, Department of Neurology, Affiliated ZhongDa Hospital, School of Medicine, Southeast University, No. 87 Dingjiaqiao Road, Nanjing 210009, Jiangsu, China. **Corresponding author at: Department of Biostatistics, School of Public Health, Nanjing Medical University, 101 Longmian Avenue, Nanjing 211166, Jiangsu, China. The authors would like to apologise for any inconvenience caused.
Corrigendum to “Optimally combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants in major depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis” [J. Affect. Disord. 358C 2024, 432–439] (Journal of Affective Disorders (2024) 358 (432–439), (S0165032724007547), (10.1016/j.jad.2024.05.037))$$$ The authors regret to inform the readers about the erroneous estimation of a study's effect size included in the meta-analysis. The authors reported the effect size of Rossini et al. (Rossini et al., 2005) as 4.38. This is incorrect, and the corrected effect size is 1.38, as displayed in the modified figure (Fig. 3). The correction in effect size of Rossini et al. changes the overall effect size of the meta-analysis to 0.71 (Hedge's g = 0.71; 95 % CI [0.26, 1.15]). This changes the publication bias for included studies [t(8) = 1.15, p = 0.28]. These corrections do not affect the directionality or scientific conclusions from the meta-analysis. In the Abstract, the statement on results needs to be corrected. It should read: This showed active TMS combined with pre-specified antidepressants had greater efficacy for MDD treatment than sham TMS combined with the same antidepressants as in the active arm (Hedge's g = 0.71; 95 % CI [0.26, 1.15]). In the Results section, the statements on the overall effect size of the meta-analysis and publication bias need to be corrected. These should read: Egger's test for publication bias was not significant, indicating a lack of publication bias for studies included in the meta-analysis [t(8) = 1.15, p = 0.28]. The results of the random effects meta-analysis suggest that active TMS combined with antidepressants had greater efficacy for MDD treatment than sham TMS combined with the same antidepressants as in the active arm (Hedge's g = 0.71; 95 % CI [0.26, 1.15]). As expected, the studies had high heterogeneity (I2 = 84 %; p < 0.00001). We assessed publication bias for included studies and found none [t(8) = 1.15, p = 0.28].[Formula presented][Formula presented] The authors would like to apologize for any inconvenience. They state that these corrections do not change the scientific conclusions of the article in any way.
Epidermal Growth Factor in the Brain: A Promising Biomarker for Depression$$$ Background: This study aimed to examine the neurotrophic factors secreted from astrocytes in depression by analyzing astrocyte-derived extracellular vesicles (ADEVs) isolated from plasma, and to explore the causal relationship between the expression of neurotrophic factors in the brain and depression. Methods: A total of 40 patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) and 35 matched healthy controls (HCs) were recruited at baseline, and 34 TRD patients completed the post-electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) visits. The concentrations of five neurotrophic factors in ADEVs were measured. A correlation analysis was performed between neurotrophic factors in ADEVs and our previously published data on the neurogenesis marker doublecortin (DCX) in neuron-derived extracellular vesicles (NDEVs). Subsequently, Mendelian randomization (MR) study and cell experiments were conducted. Results: Our findings revealed a decrease in the level of epidermal growth factor (EGF) in ADEVs among TRD patients compared to controls, with an increase observed post-ECT. MR suggested that decreased expression levels of the EGF gene in the cortex constitute a risk factor for depression. We observed a positive correlation between the levels of EGF in ADEVs and DCX in NDEVs. Subsequently, cell experiments suggested that EGF can activate EGF receptor (EGFR) to trigger the PI3K-Akt pathway, participating in the promotion of DCX. Conclusions: This study provides the in vivo evidences supporting that a reduction in EGF levels in the central nervous system could potentially contribute to depression and serve as a biomarker for it. Additionally, the EGF/EGFR signaling pathway may be involved in regulating early neurogenesis traits in depression.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-traumatic stress disorder in adults$$$ Background: The estimated lifetime prevalence of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in adults worldwide has been estimated at 3.9%. PTSD appears to contribute to alterations in neuronal network connectivity patterns. Current pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatments for PTSD are associated with inadequate symptom improvement and high dropout rates. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a non-invasive therapy involving induction of electrical currents in cortical brain tissue, may be an important treatment option for PTSD to improve remission rates and for people who cannot tolerate existing treatments. Objectives: To assess the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) in adults. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Common Mental Disorders Controlled Trials Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, three other databases, and two clinical trials registers. We checked reference lists of relevant articles. The most recent search was January 2023. Selection criteria: We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing the efficacy and safety of rTMS versus sham rTMS for PTSD in adults from any treatment setting, including veterans. Eligible trials employed at least five rTMS treatment sessions with both active and sham conditions. We included trials with combination interventions, where a pharmacological agent or psychotherapy was combined with rTMS for both intervention and control groups. We included studies meeting the above criteria regardless of whether they reported any of our outcomes of interest. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed the risk of bias in accordance with Cochrane standards. Primary outcomes were PTSD severity immediately after treatment and serious adverse events during active treatment. Secondary outcomes were PTSD remission, PTSD response, PTSD severity at two follow-up time points after treatment, dropouts, and depression and anxiety severity immediately after treatment. Main results: We included 13 RCTs in the review (12 published; 1 unpublished dissertation), with 577 participants. Eight studies included stand-alone rTMS treatment, four combined rTMS with an evidence-based psychotherapeutic treatment, and one investigated rTMS as an adjunctive to treatment-as-usual. Five studies were conducted in the USA, and some predominantly included white, male veterans. Active rTMS probably makes little to no difference to PTSD severity immediately following treatment (standardized mean difference (SMD) -0.14, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.54 to 0.27; 3 studies, 99 participants; moderate-certainty evidence). We downgraded the certainty of evidence by one level for imprecision (sample size insufficient to detect a difference of medium effect size). We deemed one study as having a low risk of bias and the remaining two as having 'some concerns' for risk of bias. A sensitivity analysis of change-from-baseline scores enabled inclusion of a greater number of studies (6 studies, 252 participants). This analysis yielded a similar outcome to our main analysis but also indicated significant heterogeneity in efficacy across studies, including two studies with a high risk of bias. Reported rates of serious adverse events were low, with seven reported (active rTMS: 6; sham rTMS: 1). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of active rTMS on serious adverse events (odds ratio (OR) 5.26, 95% CI 0.26 to 107.81; 5 studies, 251 participants; very low-certainty evidence [Active rTMS: 23/1000, sham rTMS: 4/1000]). We downgraded the evidence by one level for risk of bias and two levels for imprecision. We rated four of five studies as having a high risk of bias, and the fifth as 'some concerns' for bias. We were unable to assess PTSD remission immediately after treatment as none of the included studies reported this outcome. Authors' conclusions: Based on moderate-certainty evidence, our review suggests that active rTMS probably makes little to no difference to PTSD severity immediately following treatment compared to sham stimulation. However, significant heterogeneity in efficacy was detected when we included a larger number of studies in sensitivity analysis. We observed considerable variety in participant and protocol characteristics across studies included in this review. For example, studies tended to be weighted towards inclusion of either male veterans or female civilians. Studies varied greatly in terms of the proportion of the sample with comorbid depression. Study protocols differed in treatment design and stimulation parameters (e.g. session number/duration, treatment course length, stimulation intensity/frequency, location of stimulation). These differences may affect efficacy, particularly when considering interactions with participant factors. Reported rates of serious adverse events were very low (< 1%) across active and sham conditions. It is uncertain whether rTMS increases the risk of serious adverse event occurrence, as our certainty of evidence was very low. Studies frequently lacked clear definitions for serious adverse events, as well as detail on tracking/assessment of data and information on the safety population. Increased reporting on these elements would likely aid the advancement of both research and clinical recommendations of rTMS for PTSD. Currently, there is insufficient evidence to meta-analyze PTSD remission, PTSD treatment response, and PTSD severity at different periods post-treatment. Further research into these outcomes could inform the clinical use of rTMS. Additionally, the relatively large contribution of data from trials that focused on white male veterans may limit the generalizability of our conclusions. This could be addressed by prioritizing recruitment of more diverse participant samples.
Comparative effectiveness research trial for antidepressant incomplete and non-responders with treatment resistant depression (ASCERTAIN-TRD) a randomized clinical trial$$$ Further research is needed to help improve both the standard of care and the outcome for patients with treatment-resistant depression. A particularly critical evidence gap exists with respect to whether pharmacological or non-pharmacological augmentation is superior to antidepressant switch, or vice-versa. The objective of this study was to compare the effectiveness of augmentation with aripiprazole or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus switching to the antidepressant venlafaxine XR (or duloxetine for those not eligible to receive venlafaxine) for treatment-resistant depression. In this multi-site, 8-week, randomized, open-label study, 278 subjects (196 females and 82 males, mean age 45.6 years (SD 15.3)) with treatment-resistant depression were assigned in a 1:1:1 fashion to treatment with either of these three interventions; 235 subjects completed the study. 260 randomized subjects with at least one post-baseline Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating (MADRS) assessment were included in the analysis. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (score change (standard error (se)) = −17.39 (1.3) (p = 0.015) but not aripiprazole augmentation (score change (se) = −14.9 (1.1) (p = 0.069) was superior to switch (score change (se) = −13.22 (1.1)) on the MADRS. Aripiprazole (mean change (se) = −37.79 (2.9) (p = 0.003) but not repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation augmentation (mean change (se) = −42.96 (3.6) (p = 0.031) was superior to switch (mean change (se) = −34.45 (3.0)) on the symptoms of depression questionnaire. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation augmentation was shown to be more effective than switching antidepressants in treatment-resistant depression on the study primary measure. In light of these findings, clinicians should consider repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation augmentation early-on for treatment-resistant depression. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02977299
Efficacy of rTMS in treating functional impairment in post-stroke patients: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Most stroke patients suffer from an imbalance in blood supply, which causes severe brain damage leading to functional deficits in motor, sensory, swallowing, cognitive, emotional, and speech functions. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is thought to restore functions impaired during the stroke process and improve the quality of life of stroke patients. However, the efficacy of rTMS in treating post-stroke function impairment varies significantly. Therefore, we conducted a meta-analysis of the number of patients with effective rTMS in treating post-stroke dysfunction. Methods: The PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane Library databases were searched. Screening and full-text review were performed by three investigators. Single-group rate meta-analysis was performed on the extracted data using a random variable model. Then subgroup analyses were performed at the levels of stroke acuity (acute, chronic, or subacute); post-stroke symptoms (including upper and lower limb motor function, dysphagia, depression, aphasia); rTMS stimulation site (affected side, unaffected side); and whether or not it was a combination therapy. Results: We obtained 8955 search records, and finally 33 studies (2682 patients) were included in the meta-analysis. The overall analysis found that effective strength (ES) of rTMS was 0.53. In addition, we found that the ES of rTMS from acute/subacute/chronic post-stroke was 0.69, 0.45, and 0.52. We also found that the ES of rTMS using high-frequency stimulation was 0.56, while the ES of rTMS using low-frequency stimulation was 0.53. From post-stroke symptoms, we found that the ES of rTMS in sensory aspects, upper limb functional aspects, swallowing function, and aphasia was 0.50, 0.52, 0.51, and 0.54. And from the site of rTMS stimulation, we found that the ES of rTMS applied to the affected side was 0.51, while the ES applied to the unaffected side was 0.54. What’s more, we found that the ES of rTMS applied alone was 0.53, while the ES of rTMS applied in conjunction with other therapeutic modalities was 0.53. Conclusions: By comparing the results of the data, we recommend rTMS as a treatment option for rehabilitation of functional impairment in patients after stroke. We also recommend that rehabilitation physicians or clinicians use combination therapy as one of the options for patients.
Comparing the Effect of Kootker's Cognitive Behavioral Therapy Combined with Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation or Pharmacotherapy with Citalopram on the Improvement of Depressive Symptoms and Working Memory in Stroke Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial with a Threemonth Follow-up$$$ Background: Stroke is the leading cause of severe physical and cognitive disability across the globe. Objectives: The present study sought to compare the effect of Kootker's cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) combined with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) or pharmacotherapy with citalopram on the improvement of depression symptoms and working memory of stroke patients. Methods: In this study, we adopted a quasi-experimental pretest-posttest control group design. The population of this study included all stroke sufferers who were referred to a neurology clinic in Zahedan in 2022. Among this population, 45 cases were selected via the available sampling method and randomly assigned to three groups (n=15). To assess depression, Beck's Depression Inventory and N-back tests were employed at pre-test, post-test, and 3-month follow-up. The first experimental group underwent CBT and 20 sessions of anodal stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, while the second experimental group underwent CBT and 10 mg citalopram daily. The control group did not receive any intervention. Results: The results of mixed analysis of variance highlighted the short-term and long-term effectiveness of both interventions in the improvement of depression symptoms of stroke patients (P<0.05), and no difference was observed between the efficacy of the two combined interventions. Furthermore, the combined intervention of CBT and tDCS had a short-term effect on the improvement of working memory. Conclusion: As evidenced by the obtained results, it can be concluded that both combined interventions can be of great help in improving depression symptoms among stroke sufferers.
Unveiling the interoception impairment in various major depressive disorder stages$$$ Background: The intricate pathophysiological mechanisms of major depressive disorder (MDD) necessitate the development of comprehensive early indicators that reflect the complex interplay of emotional, physical, and cognitive factors. Despite its potential to fulfill these criteria, interoception remains underexplored in MDD. This study aimed to evaluate the potential of interoception in transforming MDD's clinical practices by examining interoception deficits across various MDD stages and analyzing their complex associations with the spectrum of depressive symptoms. Methods: This study included 431 healthy individuals, 206 subclinical depression individuals, and 483 MDD patients. Depressive symptoms and interoception function were assessed using the PHQ-9 and MAIA-2, respectively. Results: Interoception dysfunction occurred in the preclinical phase of MDD and further impaired in the clinical stage. Antidepressant therapies showed limited efficacy in improving interoception and might damage some dimensions. Interoceptive dimensions might predict depressive symptoms, primarily enhancing negative thinking patterns. The predictive model based on interoception was built with random split verification and demonstrated good discrimination and predictive performance in identifying MDD. Conclusions: Early alterations in the preclinical stage, multivariate associations with depressive symptoms, and good discrimination and predictive performance highlight the importance of interoception in MDD management, pointing to a paradigm shift in diagnostic and therapeutic approaches.
Optimally combining transcranial magnetic stimulation with antidepressants in major depressive disorder: A systematic review and Meta-analysis$$$ There is a critical knowledge gap in optimally combining transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and antidepressants to treat patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). TMS is effective in treating MDD in patients who have failed at least one antidepressant trial, with accelerated protocols showing faster remission in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Although clinicians routinely augment antidepressants with TMS, there is a knowledge gap in stopping versus continuing antidepressants or the dosing strategies when starting or tapering TMS. These considerations are important when considering maintenance TMS (delivered alone or in combination with suitable antidepressants) to maintain remission in MDD after the index course of TMS. As the first step towards filling this knowledge gap, we reviewed randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and open-label trials from 2 databases (PubMed/Medline and EMBASE) that compared active TMS combined with a pre-specified antidepressant dosed in the same manner for adults with MDD versus sham TMS combined with the same antidepressant as in the active arm. All studies were published between January 1, 2000, and December 31, 2023. We excluded case reports, case series, and clinical studies that augmented TMS with antidepressants and vice versa. We found 10 RCTs (n = 654 participants) and performed a meta-analysis. This showed active TMS combined with pre-specified antidepressants had greater efficacy for MDD treatment than sham TMS combined with the same antidepressants as in the active arm (Hedge's g = 1; 95 % CI [0.27, 1.73]). The review and meta-analysis indicate greater short-term efficacy in combining antidepressants with TMS from the get-go in MDD. Given the increasing role of accelerated TMS protocols in expediting remission in MDD and the results of our meta-analysis, we advocate for RCTs examining the short-term and long-term effects of various antidepressant classes on these TMS protocols in MDD. This can also optimize and individualize maintenance TMS protocols to prevent relapse in MDD.
Response trajectory to left dorsolateral prefrontal rTMS in major depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis: Trajectory of rTMS$$$ The depression response trajectory after a course of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation(rTMS) remains understudied. We searched for blinded randomized controlled trials(RCTs) that examined conventional rTMS over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex(DLPFC) for major depressive episodes(MDE). The effect size was calculated as the difference in depression improvement, between active and sham rTMS. We conducted a random-effects dose-response meta-analysis to model the response trajectory from the beginning of rTMS to the post-treatment follow-up phase. The area under curve (AUC) of the first 8-week response trajectory was calculated to compare antidepressant efficacy between different rTMS protocols. We included 40 RCTs(n = 2012). The best-fitting trajectory model exhibited a logarithmic curve(X2=17.7, P < 0.001), showing a gradual ascent with tapering off around the 3–4th week mark and maintaining until week 16. The maximum effect size was 6.1(95 %CI: 1.25–10.96) at week 16. The subgroup analyses showed distinct trajectories across different rTMS protocols. Besides, the comparisons of AUC showed that conventional rTMS protocols with more pulse/session group or more total pulses were associated with greater efficacy than those with fewer pulse/session or fewer total pulses, respectively. A course of conventional left DLPFC rTMS could lead to both acute antidepressant effects and sustained after-effects, which were modeled by different rTMS protocols in MDE.
Learning and memory processes in behavioural addiction: A systematic review$$$ Similar to addictive substances, addictive behaviours such as gambling and gaming are associated with maladaptive modulation of key brain areas and functional networks implicated in learning and memory. Therefore, this review sought to understand how different learning and memory processes relate to behavioural addictions and to unravel their underlying neural mechanisms. Adhering to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines, we systematically searched four databases – PsycINFO, PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science using the agreed-upon search string. Findings suggest altered executive function-dependent learning processes and enhanced habit learning in behavioural addiction. Whereas the relationship between working memory and behavioural addiction is influenced by addiction type, working memory aspect, and task nature. Additionally, long-term memory is incoherent in individuals with addictive behaviours. Consistently, neurophysiological evidence indicates alterations in brain areas and networks implicated in learning and memory processes in behavioural addictions. Overall, the present review argues that, like substance use disorders, alteration in learning and memory processes may underlie the development and maintenance of behavioural addictions.
No add-on therapeutic benefit of at-home anodal tDCS of the primary motor cortex to mindfulness meditation in patients with fibromyalgia$$$ Objective: This study investigated the efficacy of combining at-home anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the left primary motor cortex (M1) with mindfulness meditation (MM) in fibromyalgia patients trained in mindfulness. Methods: Thirty-seven patients were allocated to receive ten daily sessions of MM paired with either anodal or sham tDCS over the primary motor cortex. Primary outcomes were pain intensity and quality of life. Secondary outcomes were psychological impairment, sleep quality, mood, affective pain, mindfulness level, and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) measures of cortical excitability. Outcomes were analyzed pre- and post-treatment, with a one-month follow-up. Results: We found post-tDCS improvement in all clinical outcomes, including mindfulness level, except for positive affect and stress, in both groups without significant difference between active and sham conditions. No significant group*time interaction was found for all clinical and TMS outcomes. Conclusions: Our findings demonstrate no synergistic or add-on efffect of anodal tDCS of the left M1 compared to the proper effect of MM in patients with fibromyalgia. Significance: Our findings challenge the potential of combining anodal tDCS of the left M1 and MM in fibromyalgia.
Non-invasive neurostimulation to improve sleep quality and depressive symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Non-invasive neurostimulation, including bright light therapy (BLT), repetitive transcranial magnetic (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), has been shown to alleviate depressive symptoms in major depressive disorder (MDD). However, the efficacy of these interventions in addressing sleep disturbances in MDD patients remains a subject of debate. Objective: We aimed to conduct a meta-analysis of available randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to assess the effectiveness of non-invasive neurostimulation in improving sleep disturbances and depressive symptoms in MDD patients. Methods: Systematic searches for relevant RCTs were conducted in the databases PubMed, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, EMBASE, Wanfang and China National Knowledge Infrastructure up to January 2024. Data on outcomes comparable across the studies were meta-analyzed using Review Manager 5.3 and Stata 14. The pooled results were reported as standardized mean differences (SMD) with their respective 95% confidence intervals (CI). Results: Our analysis encompassed 15 RCTs involving 1348 patients. Compared to sham or no stimulation, non-invasive neurostimulation significantly improved sleep quality (SMD -0.74, 95%CI -1.15 to −0.33, p = 0.0004) and sleep efficiency (SMD 0.35, 95%CI 0.10 to 0.60, p = 0.006). It also significantly reduced severity of depressive symptoms (SMD -0.62, 95%CI -0.90 to −0.35, p < 0.00001). Subgroup analysis further demonstrated that patients experiencing sleep improvements due to neurostimulation showed a marked decrease in depressive symptoms compared to the control group (SMD = −0.90, 95% CI [-1.26, −0.54], p < 0.0001). Conclusion: Current evidence from RCTs suggests that neurostimulation can enhance sleep quality and efficiency in individuals with MDD, which in turn may be associated with mitigation of depressive symptoms. Prospero registration: CRD42023423844.
Neuromodulation treatments for post-traumatic stress disorder: A systematic review and network meta-analysis covering efficacy, acceptability, and follow-up effects$$$ Neuromodulation treatments are novel interventions for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), but their comparative effects at treatment endpoint and follow-up and the influence of moderators remain unclear. We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that explored neuromodulation, both as monotherapy and in combination, for treating patients with PTSD. 21 RCTs with 981 PTSD patients were included. The neuromodulation treatment was classified into nine protocols, including subtypes of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), cervical vagal nerve stimulation (VNS), and trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS). This Bayesian network meta-analysis demonstrated that (1) dual-tDCS (SMD = −1.30), high-frequency repetitive TMS (HF-rTMS) (SMD = −0.97), intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) (SMD = −0.93), and low-frequency repetitive TMS (LF-rTMS) (SMD = −0.76) were associated with significant reductions in PTSD symptoms at the treatment endpoint, but these effects were not significant at follow-up; (2) no difference was found between any active treatment with sham controls; (3) regarding co-morbid additions, synchronized TMS (sTMS) was significantly associated with reductions of depression symptoms at treatment endpoint (SMD = −1.80) and dual-tDCS was associated with reductions in anxiety symptoms at follow-up (SMD = −1.70). Findings suggested dual-tDCS, HF-rTMS, iTBS, and LF-rTMS were effective for reducing PTSD symptoms, while their sustained efficacy was limited.
Brain compensatory mechanisms in depression and memory complaints in fibromyalgia: the role of theta oscillatory activity$$$ Background: The different clinical presentations of fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) might play independent roles in the unclear etiology of cognitive impairments and depressive symptoms seen in patients with FMS. Understanding how these clinical presentations are associated with the clinical and neurophysiological aspects of FMS is important for the development of effective treatments. Aim: To explore the relationship of memory complaints and depressive symptoms with the different clinical and neurophysiological characteristics of FMS. Methods: Cross-sectional data analysis from a randomized clinical trial. Baseline demographics and data on physical fitness, sleep, anxiety, depression, cortical excitability, and pain (clinical and mechanistic) from 63 subjects with FMS were used. Multiple linear and logistic association models were constructed. Results: Final regression models including different sets of predictions were statistically significant (P<.001), explaining approximately 50% of the variability in cognitive complaints and depression status. Older subjects had higher levels of anxiety, poorer sleep quality, lower motor threshold, and higher relative theta power in the central area and were more likely to have clinical depression. Higher anxiety, pain, and theta power were associated with a higher likelihood of memory complaints. Conclusion: Depression symptoms seem to be associated with transcranial magnetic stimulation–indexed motor threshold and psychosocial variables, whereas memory complaints are associated with pain intensity and higher theta oscillations. These mechanisms might be catalyzed or triggered by some behavioral and clinical features, such as older age, sleep disruption, and anxiety. The correlation with clinical variables suggests that the increasing of theta oscillations is a compensatory response in patients with FMS, which can be explored in future studies to improve the treatment of FMS.
Transcranial Electrical Stimulation: Clinical Implication and Practice for Treatment of Psychiatric Illness$$$ Brain electrical stimulation, particularly non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques such as transcranial electrical stimulation (tES), have emerged as a promising treatment for various psychiatric disorders, including depression, anxiety, and post-traumatic stress disorder. tES techniques, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS), and transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS), are cost-effective and safe interventions that are designed to affect neuronal circuits in the brain using various modalities. Although tES has shown effectiveness in the treatment of psychiatric disorders, there is a lack of comprehensive papers that consider its clinical implications. Therefore, this review aims to evaluate the clinical implications of tES and provide practical guidance for the treatment of psychiatric illnesses. Moreover, this review provides an overview of tES techniques and their mechanisms of action and summarizes recent clinical studies that have examined the use of tES for psychiatric disorders.
Efficacy of sequential primary motor and prefrontal cortices intermittent Theta burst stimulation in persistent somatoform PAIN disorder (TAP-PAIN): A randomized sham-controlled pilot trial$$$ Aim: There is a need to elucidate intermittent Theta burst stimulation (iTBS) as a novel treatment in persistent somatoform pain disorder (PSPD). Methods: Twenty patients were randomly allocated to active iTBS (n = 11) and sham iTBS (n = 9) and received 10 iTBS sessions, 2 sessions per day, sequentially to primary motor and dorsolateral prefrontal cortices for 5 days in a week. Each iTBS session comprised of 2 sec. per train of 10 bursts (3 pulses per burst at 50 Hz; total 30 pulses) and were given with a gap of 5 Hz, total of 20 trains, and 600 pulses. Visual Analogue Scale, Brief Pain Inventory and Global Pain Scale (GPS), Montgomery and Asberg Depression Rating Scale, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale-Anxiety, World Health Organization Quality-of-Life Scale-brief, and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index were applied at baseline, after last session, and at 2 weeks after last TBS session. Intention to treat analysis was conducted. Results: Both groups were comparable for baseline psychopathology scores including clinical variables like age (t = 0.865; P = 0.398), duration of illness (t = 1.600; P = 0.127), and motor threshold (t = 0.304; P = 0.765). On repeated measures ANOVA, a significant within-group time effect for VAS, BPI-Severity, BPI-Interference, BDI-II, MADRS, HAM-A, and WHOQOL-BREF was found for active and sham TBS groups, respectively. GPS scores had significant within-group (active) ∗ time interaction (F = 11.651; P =.001; ηp2 = 0.538) and between-group ∗ time interaction (F = 3.407; P = 0.044; ηp2 = 0.159). However, between-group ∗ time effect interaction was lost after covariance (F = 1.726; P = 0.196; ηp2 = 0.110). Conclusion: No major adverse effects were reported. Our pilot trial concludes that safe therapeutic efficacy of iTBS in PSPD is inconclusive. Lower total number of sessions along with small sample size may limit the study findings.
Effect of propofol infusion vs ketamine plus dexmedetomidine infusion on the amplitude of motor evoked potential in pediatric patients undergoing tethered spinal cord surgeries$$$ a randomized, double blind controlled study; Background & objective: The use of intraoperative neurophysiologic monitoring (IOM) has increased over the past two decades for the detection and prevention of iatrogenic neurologic injuries. Motor evoked potentials (MEP) are extremely sensitive to changes in physiological variables and inhalational agents reduce MEPs in a dose dependent manner. So IV anesthetics (propofol or ketamine) and opioids (fentanyl or remifentanil), are frequently used in spinal surgeries under MEPs monitoring. We compared the effects of propofol and fentanyl to those of ketamine, dexmedetomidine, and fentanyl in terms of minimizing their effects on MEP amplitude and hemodynamic stability during surgery Methodology: This double blind, randomized, prospective study was conducted on 46 children, who were randomly allocated into 2 groups Ketamine–dexmedetomidine group: (n = 23) Maintenance throughout the procedure, by infusing Dexmedetomidine (0.4 -0.6 μg/.kg /.hr) ketamine, (1 -2m/.kg/.hr.) and giving bolus of fentanyl, (1-2μg/.kg/). Propofol-group:(n = 23) Maintenance throughout the procedure, By infusing propofol (100 ug L/kg/min) and giving bolus of fentanyl, (1-2μg/.kg/), with keeping mean arterial blood pressure changes within 25% of the baseline in both groups. Results: Right and left quadriceps muscle measurements were insignificantly different between both groups at base line and were significantly higher in Group KD than Group P at skin incision, surgical manipulation and surgical closure. Right and left adductor hallucis muscle measurements were insignificantly different between both groups at base line and were significantly higher in Group KD than Group P at 5 mins, 10 mins, 15 mins, skin incision, surgical manipulation and surgical closure (P value <0.001). Intraoperative fentanyl consumption was significantly lower in Group KD than Group P. Conclusion: The combination of dexmedetomidine and ketamine infusion is efficacious, safe, and has minimal effect on evoked potentials compared with the propofol-based TIVA group during spine pediatrics surgery. In addition, this combination increases the reliability and accuracy of MEP monitoring with hemodynamic stability and adequate post-operative pain relief. Using dexmedetomidine and ketamine infusions during pediatric spine surgery might successfully replace the typical propofol-based TIVA, although more studies are required .
Clinical Response to fMRI-guided Compared to Non-Image Guided rTMS in Depression and PTSD: A Randomized Trial$$$ Background: Image-guided brain stimulation is hypothesized to enhance clinical outcomes but head-to-head comparisons favoring image-guidance are so far lacking. Methods: PTSD/MDD patients were randomized (N=51) to a two-condition sequence in a two period cross-over design. For the first condition, patients were randomized to 10-session rTMS treatment to either a subgenual cingulate (sgACC) functional connectivity cortical target (fMRI-guided) or standard scalp-based target. Additionally, patients were randomized to either watch a nature video or perform a demanding cognitive task with rTMS administration. Patients crossed over to the two conditions not received in period one. rTMS was delivered in an intermittent theta burst (iTBS) pattern with 2400 pulses per session. Among N=49 patients analyzed, 60% identified as female and average age was 34. Results: Compared with the scalp-based target, fMRI-guided rTMS was superior in improving depression symptoms (F(1,43.92)=5.933, p=0.019) as well as PTSD hyperarousal (F(1,40.78)=5.076, p=0.030). The median level of symptom change for fMRI-guided targets exceeded 60% improvement across both scales. Symptom improvements at 6-mo follow-up were durable and both favored fMRI-guidance. For patients reporting symptoms at this timepoint, depression improved by 70% (N13); the PCL improved by 69% with Hyperarousal (N14) and Avoidance (N12) subscales improving by 78% and 79%, respectively, for the fMRI-guided target. Conclusions: We demonstrated preliminary evidence for the clinical superiority of a new fMRI-guided target which should be followed up with larger comparative effectiveness studies that include imaging and clinical outcomes.
Cognitive Enhancement in Bipolar Disorder: A Double-Blind, Randomized Controlled Trial Utilizing a Novel DTI-Guided Multimodal Neuro-stimulation Protocol$$$ Background: Traditional neuromodulation strategies for enhancing cognitive abilities in bipolar disorder (BD) patients have shown promise, yet there remains a need for novel intervention modalities to improve therapeutic outcomes. Methods: This study introduces a novel multi-modal neuro-stimulaton (MNS) protocol using individualized DTI data to identify fiber tracts between the DLPFC and dACC. The highest structural connectivity point is selected as the individualized stimulation target, which is targeted using a combination of optimized tACS and robot-assisted navigated rTMS. A double-blind randomized controlled trial (Trial registration number: NCT05964777) was conducted to investigate the clinical efficacy of this innovative neuromodulation approach on cognitive abilities in BD patients. One hundred BD patients were randomly assigned to four groups: Group A (Active tACS-Active rTMS (MNS Protocol)), Group B (Sham tACS-Active rTMS), Group C (Active tACS-Sham rTMS), and Group D (Sham tACS-Sham rTMS). Participants underwent 15 sessions over three weeks. Cognitive assessments (THINC integrated tool) were conducted at baseline (Week 0), post-treatment (Week 3), and follow-up (Week 8). Results: Sixty-six participants completed all 15 sessions. Group A (MNS Protocol) showed superior improvements in Spotter CRT, TMT, and DSST scores compared to other groups at Week 3, with sustained cognitive enhancement in Spotter CRT at Week 8 (P < 0.01). Only Group A exhibited significant activation in the left frontal region post-MNS intervention. The novel MNS protocol was well tolerated, with no significant side effects observed. Conclusions: DTI-guided multimodal neuro-stimulation mode significantly improves cognitive impairments and is safe for BD patients.
Comparing pharmacotherapy and transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of anxiety and depression after aortic dissection surgery$$$ BACKGROUND Aortic coarctation is a potentially fatal condition that is primarily treated surgically. Despite successful procedures, patients frequently experience postoperative anxiety and depression, which can hinder recovery and worsen outcomes. Pharmacological interventions, such as 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, are commonly prescribed; however, their efficacy alone or in combination with non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), remains unclear. AIM To assess the effect of medications and TMS on post-aortic surgery anxiety and depression. METHODS We analyzed the outcomes of 151 patients with anxiety and depression who were hospitalized for aortic dissection between January 2020 and September 2022. Using the random number table method, 75 and 76 patients were allocated to the normal control and study groups, respectively. All the patients were treated using routine procedures. The control group was administered anti-anxiety and anti-depression drugs, whereas the study group was treated with TMS in addition to these medications. The patients in both groups showed improvement after two courses of treatment. The Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) and the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) were used to assess anxiety and depression, respectively. The serum levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and 5-HT were determined using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. The Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) was used to estimate sleep quality, and the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) was used to assess cognitive function. RESULTS The HAMD and HAMA scores reduced in 2 groups, with the study group achieving a lower level than control (P < 0.05). In the control group, 43 patients recovered, 17 showed improvement, and 15 were deemed invalid. In the study group, 52 recovered, 20 improved, and four were invalid. The efficacy rate in study group was 94.74% compared to 80.00% in control (P < 0.05). The BDNF and 5-HT levels increased in both groups, with higher levels observed in the experimental group (P < 0.05). Moreover, the PSQI scores decreased in 2 groups, but were lower in the intervention group than control (P < 0.05). The scores of the RBANS items increased, with the study group scoring higher than control (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION Combining anti-anxiety and anti-depressive drugs with repetitive TMS after aortic surgery may enhance mood and treatment outcomes, offering a promising clinical approach.
Combined effects of pharmacological interventions and intermittent theta-burst stimulation on motor sequence learning$$$ Drugs that modulate N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) or γ-Aminobutyric acid type A (GABAA) receptors can shed light on their role in synaptic plasticity mechanisms underlying the effects of noninvasive brain stimulation. However, research on the combined effects of these drugs and exogenous stimulation on motor learning is limited. This study aimed to investigate the effects of pharmacological interventions combined with intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) on human motor learning. Nine right-handed healthy subjects (mean age ± SD: 31.56 ± 12.96 years; 6 females) participated in this double-blind crossover study. All participants were assigned to four drug conditions in a randomized order: (1) D-cycloserine (partial NMDA receptor agonist), (2) D-cycloserine + dextromethorphan (NMDA receptor agonist + antagonist), (3) lorazepam (GABAA receptor agonist), and (4) placebo (identical microcrystalline cellulose capsule). After drug intake, participants practiced the 12-item keyboard sequential task as a baseline measure. Two hours after drug intake, iTBS was administered at the primary motor cortex. Following iTBS, the retention test was performed in the same manner as the baseline measure. Our findings revealed that lorazepam combined with iTBS impaired motor learning during the retention test. Future studies are still needed for a better understanding of the mechanisms through which TMS may influence human motor learning.
Acupuncture combined with repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation for mild to moderate post-stroke depression: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To explore the clinical effect of acupuncture combined with repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for mild to moderate post-stroke depression. METHODS: Ninety patients with mild to moderate post-stroke depression were randomly divided into a combination group (30 cases, 4 cases dropped out), an acupuncture group (30 cases, 3 cases dropped out) and a rTMS group (30 cases, 5 cases dropped out). All the three groups received basic treatment, the combination group was treated with acupuncture combined with rTMS, the acupuncture group was treated with acupuncture, and the rTMS group was treated with rTMS. The acupuncture was applied at Baihui (GV 20), Yintang (GV 24+) , Danzhong (CV 17) and bilateral Shenmen (HT 7), Taichong (LR 3), Neiguan (PC 6). All the three groups were treated once a day, 5 times a week for 4 weeks. The Hamilton depression scale (HAMD-17) score, Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI) score and event-related potential were compared among the three groups before and after treatment. RESULTS: After treatment, the HAMD-17 scores and PSQI scores in the three groups were reduced compared with those before treatment (P<0.01) , and the HAMD-17 score and PSQI score in the combination group were lower than those in the acupuncture group and the rTMS group (P<0.05). After treatment, the latency of event-related potential (P300, mismatch negativity［MMN］) in the three groups was shortened compared with that before treatment (P<0.05), and the latency of event-related potential in the combination group was shorter than that in the acupuncture group and the rTMS group (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: Acupuncture combined with rTMS can effectively alleviate the depressive state of patients with mild to moderate post-stroke depression, improve the sleep quality and the latency of event-related potential P300 and MMN.
The Glutamatergic Effects of Clinical Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Depressed Populations: A Preliminary Meta-Analysis of Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy Studies$$$ INTRODUCTION: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) alleviates symptoms of major depressive disorder, but its neurobiological mechanisms remain to be fully understood. Growing evidence from proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1HMRS) studies suggests that rTMS alters excitatory and inhibitory neurometabolites. This preliminary meta-analysis aims to quantify current trends in the literature and identify future directions for the field. METHODS: Ten eligible studies that quantified Glutamate (Glu), Glu+Glutamine (Glx), or GABA before and after an rTMS intervention in depressed samples were sourced from PubMed, MEDLINE, PsychInfo, Google Scholar, and primary literature following PRISMA guidelines. Data were pooled using a random-effects model, Cohen's d effect sizes were calculated, and moderators, such as neurometabolite and 1HMRS sequence, were assessed. It was hypothesized that rTMS would increase cortical neurometabolites. RESULTS: Within-subjects data from 224 cases encompassing 31 neurometabolite effects (k) were analyzed. Active rTMS in clinical responders (n = 128; k = 22) nominally increased glutamatergic neurometabolites (d = 0.15 [95% CI: -0.01, 0.30], p = 0.06). No change was found in clinical nonresponders (p = 0.8) or sham rTMS participants (p = 0.4). A significant increase was identified in Glx (p = 0.01), but not Glu (p = 0.6). Importantly, effect size across conditions were associated with the number of rTMS pulses patients received (p = 0.05), suggesting dose dependence. CONCLUSIONS: Clinical rTMS is associated with a nominal, dose-dependent increase in glutamatergic neurometabolites, suggesting rTMS may induce Glu-dependent neuroplasticity and upregulate neurometabolism. More, larger scale studies adhering to established acquisition and reporting standards are needed to further elucidate the neurometabolic mechanisms of rTMS.
Synergistic use of deep TMS therapy with IV ketamine infusions for major depressive disorder: a pilot study$$$ Objective: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is a pervasive psychiatric condition effecting approximately 21 million adults in the U.S. (8.4%). An estimated 30–60% of patients are resistant to traditional treatment approaches (medications and talk-therapy), alluding to the need for additional options. Two promising treatment modalities include transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and ketamine infusions; both have shown efficacy in standalone studies but have scarcely been investigated synergistically in the same group of participants. Method: In the current study, 169 participants with treatment-resistant MDD received 36 treatments of Deep TMS-only (H1 + H7 protocols), while 66 received 36 treatments of Deep TMS (H1 + H7 protocols) and 6 IV infusions of ketamine over the course of 9 weeks. Depressive symptoms were compared pre- and –post treatment in both conditions using the PHQ-9. Results: In both treatment groups, depressive symptoms were significantly reduced from pre-to-post and there were no significant differences in response between the TMS + ketamine condition and the TMS-only condition. The TMS + ketamine condition had an 80.30% response rate (53 out of 66) and 43.42% remission rate (28 out of 66) compared to a 76.92% response (130 out of 169) and 39.64% remission (67 out of 16) in the TMS-only condition. Conclusion: These results support the notion that TMS treatments yield high response rates in treatment-resistant cases; however, in this investigation there was no added benefit for including 6 sessions of IV ketamine in conjunction with TMS. Future investigations using randomized-control designs and robust outcome measures are warranted.
Efficacy and acceptability of noninvasive brain stimulation for treating posttraumatic stress disorder symptoms: A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Introduction: Despite its high lifetime prevalence rate and the elevated disability caused by posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), treatments exhibit modest efficacy. In consideration of the abnormal connectivity between the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and amygdala in PTSD, several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) addressing the efficacy of different noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) modalities for PTSD management have been undertaken. However, previous RCTs have reported inconsistent results. The current network meta-analysis (NMA) aimed to compare the efficacy and acceptability of various NIBS protocols in PTSD management. Methods: We systematically searched ClinicalKey, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Embase, ProQuest, PubMed, ScienceDirect, Web of Science, and ClinicalTrials.gov to identify relevant RCTs. The targeted RCTs was those comparing the efficacy of NIBS interventions, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and transcutaneous cervical vagal nerve stimulation, in patients with PTSD. The NMA was conducted using a frequentist model. The primary outcomes were changes in the overall severity of PTSD and acceptability (to be specific, rates of dropouts for any reason). Results: We identified 14 RCTs that enrolled 686 participants. The NMA demonstrated that among the investigated NIBS types, high-frequency rTMS over bilateral DLPFCs was associated with the greatest reduction in overall PTSD severity. Further, in comparison with the sham controls, excitatory stimulation over the right DLPFC with/without excitatory stimulation over left DLPFC were associated with significant reductions in PTSD-related symptoms, including depression and anxiety symptoms, and overall PTSD severity. Conclusions: This NMA demonstrated that excitatory stimulation over the right DLPFC with or without excitatory stimulation over left DLPFC were associated with significant reductions in PTSD-related symptoms. Trial registration: PROSPERO CRD42023391562.
Brain functional networks and psychiatric disorders$$$ Mendelian randomization analyses reveal potential causal associations between dysfunction of brain functional networks and psychiatric disorders.
Effectiveness of Non-Pharmacological Therapy on Physical Symptoms in Patients With Persistent Concussion Symptoms: A Systematic Review$$$ This systematic review provides a comprehensive overview on the effectiveness of rehabilitation on physical symptoms in patients of all ages with persistent concussion symptoms. PubMed, MEDLINE®, Cochrane library, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), and Embase were searched from January 1, 2012 to September 1, 2023 using terms related to physical post-concussion symptoms. Eligible articles were critically appraised using the Scottish Intercollegiate Guidelines Network (SIGN) and the Quality Assessment Tool. The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation system was applied to rate the quality of evidence. Thirty-two articles were included. Preliminary evidence suggests that transcranial magnetic stimulation improves symptoms in adults, specifically headaches. Young adults reported a significant decrease in physical symptoms following sub-symptom aerobic training as well as cervical spine manual therapy. Tentatively, adults demonstrated improvements in headache symptoms following neurofeedback sessions, and progressive muscle relaxation resulted in a decrease in monthly headaches. Multimodal therapy in adults produced significant change in physical symptoms when compared with usual care. However, no further reduction in physical symptoms was observed when adult patients received a program of care that afforded cervicovestibular rehabilitation with symptom-limited exercise compared with a symptom-limited exercise program alone. Cognitive behavioral therapy demonstrated inconsistent findings for its effects on physical symptoms, specifically headaches. Veterans had a significant change in post-concussive symptoms, specifically headaches, following 3-month use of an interactive smartphone application as compared with standard care. Finally, in a pediatric population, the use of melatonin did not produce any changes in physical persistent concussion symptoms as compared with placebo. Preliminary evidence suggests that various forms of rehabilitative therapies can improve persistent physical concussive symptoms. However, given the methodological limitations in the majority of trials, the results need to be interpreted with caution.
Efficacy and Side Effects of Mixed-Strategy Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Proof-of-Concept Randomized Clinical Trial on Late Life Depression$$$ Objective Patients with late life depression sometimes refuse to receive electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) owing to its adverse reactions. To alleviate patient’s resistance, a novel ECT stimulation strategy named mixed-strategy ECT (msECT) was designed in which patients are administered conventional ECT during the first three sessions, followed by low energy stimulation during the subsequent sessions. However, whether low energy electrical stimulation in the subsequent stage of therapy affect its efficacy and reduce adverse reactions in patients with late life depression remains unknown. To explore differences between msECT and regular ECT(RECT) with respect to clinical efficacy and side effects Methods This randomized, controlled trial was conducted from 2019 to 2021 on 60 patients with late life depression who were randomly assigned to two groups: RECT or msECT. A generalized estimating equation (GEE) was used to compare the two stimulation strategies regarding their efficacy and side effects on cognition. Chi-squared test was used to compare side effects in the two strategies. Results In the intent-to-treat group, the GEE model suggested no differences between-group difference in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 score over time (Wald χ2=7.275, p=0.064), whereas the comparison of side effects in the two strategies favored msECT (Wald χ2=8.463, p=0.015) as fewer patients had adverse events during the second phase of treatment with msECT (χ2=13.467, p=0.004). Conclusion msECT presents its similar efficacy to RECT. msECT may have milder side effects on cognition.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the right inferior parietal lobe on the body image perception in anorexia nervosa: A pilot randomized controlled study$$$ Introduction: Restrictive anorexia nervosa (AN) is associated with distorted perception of body shape, previously linked to hypoactivity and reduced excitability of the right inferior parietal lobe (rIPL). Here, we investigated the impact of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF rTMS) of the rIPL on body shape perception in patients with AN. Methods: Seventeen patients with AN (median [Q1_Q3] age, 35 [27_39] years; disease duration, 12 [6_18] years) were randomly assigned to receive real or sham HF (10 Hz) rTMS of the rIPL over a period of 2 weeks, comprising 10 sessions. The primary outcome measure was the Body Shape Questionnaire (BSQ). Secondary outcomes included eating disorder symptoms, body mass index, mood, anxiety, and safety. Data collection were done at baseline, post-rTMS, and at 2 weeks and 3 months post-rTMS. Results: Following both real and sham rTMS of the rIPL, no significant differences were observed in body shape perception or other parameters. Both real and sham rTMS interventions were deemed safe and well tolerated. Notably, serious adverse events were associated with the underlying eating and mood disorders, resulting in hospitalization for undernutrition (five patients) or suicidal attempts (two patients). Conclusion: This pilot study does not support the use of rTMS of the rIPL as an effective method for improving body shape perception in individuals with the restrictive form of AN. Further research is warranted to comprehensively explore both the clinical and neurophysiological effects of HF rTMS in this population.
The Impact of Obesity as a Peripheral Disruptor of Brain Inhibitory Mechanisms in Fibromyalgia: A Cross-Sectional Study$$$ Background/Objective: Obesity, characterized by chronic inflammation, may serve as a surrogate marker for more dysfunctional peripheral inflammation, potentially exacerbating FM symptomatology. Given this premise, this study aimed to investigate the effects of obesity as an effect modifier on neural and clinical variables, specifically those indexing pain-compensatory mechanisms in FM symptoms. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted with 108 participants who underwent a standardized TMS protocol assessment to measure resting motor threshold (MT), intracortical facilitation (ICF), and intracortical inhibition (ICI). Clinical data were collected using Beck’s Depression Index (BDI), PROMIS, the Brief Pain Inventory (BPI), and conditioned pain modulation (CPM). Linear regression models were used to explore the relationship between these variables while examining Body Mass Index (BMI) as a potential effect modifier. If it was found to be a modifier, we stratified the sample into two groups with a BMI cutoff of 30 and performed another regression model within the subgroups. Results: BMI was identified as an effect modifier in the relationships between ICI and BDI, PROMIS fatigue, and CPM and in MT versus CPM. After stratification, non-obese fibromyalgia subjects demonstrated significant correlations between clinical symptoms and CPM and ICI activity. However, these correlations were absent in the obese group, suggesting obesity disrupts pain mechanisms and their compensatory effects. Higher MT values were associated with weaker endogenous pain control, particularly evident in the obese group. Conclusions: Obesity appears to be a significant effect modifier and delineates two patient groups across multiple clinical and neural assessments of fibromyalgia. Additionally, it suggests a role for obesity in exacerbating fibromyalgia symptoms and disrupting physiological pain-inhibitory mechanisms.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ameliorates memory impairment by inhibiting neuroinflammation in the chronic cerebral hypoperfusion mice$$$ Background: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) has been found to ameliorate cognitive impairment. However, the effects of HF-rTMS remain unknown in chronic cerebral hypoperfusion (CCH). Aim: To investigate the effects of HF-rTMS on cognitive improvement and its potential mechanisms in CCH mice. Materials and methods: Daily HF-rTMS therapy was delivered after bilateral carotid stenosis (BCAS) and continued for 14 days. The mice were randomly assigned to three groups: the sham group, the model group, and the HF-rTMS group. The Y maze and the new object recognition test were used to assess cognitive function. The expressions of MAP-2, synapsis, Myelin basic protein(MBP), and brain-derived growth factors (BDNF) were analyzed by immunofluorescence staining and western blot to evaluate neuronal plasticity and white matter myelin regeneration. Nissl staining and the expression of caspase-3, Bax, and Bcl-2 were used to observe neuronal apoptosis. In addition, the activation of microglia and astrocytes were evaluated by fluorescence staining. The inflammation levels of IL-1β, IL-6, and Tumor Necrosis Factor(TNF)-α were detected by qPCR in the hippocampus of mice in each group. Results: Via behavioral tests, the BCAS mice showed reduced a rate of new object preference and decreased a rate of spontaneous alternations, while HF-rTMS significantly improved hippocampal learning and memory deficits. In addition, the mice in the model group showed decreased levels of MAP-2, synapsis, MBP, and BDNF, while HF-rTMS treatment reversed these effects. As expected, activated microglia and astrocytes increased in the model group, but HF-rTMS treatment suppressed these changes. HF-rTMS decreased BCAS-induced neuronal apoptosis and the expression of pro-apoptotic protein (Caspase-3 and Bax) and increased the expression of anti-apoptotic protein (Bcl-2). In addition, HF-rTMS inhibited the expression of inflammatory cytokines (IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α). Conclusions: HF-rTMS alleviates cognitive impairment in CCH mice by enhancing neuronal plasticity and inhibiting inflammation, thus serving as a potential method for vascular cognitive impairment.
Comparisons of Accelerated Continuous and Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Depression and Suicidal Ideation$$$ Background: Suicidal ideation is a substantial clinical challenge in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Recent work demonstrated promising antidepressant effects in TRD patients with no or mild suicidal ideation using a specific protocol termed intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS). Here, we examined the clinical effects of accelerated schedules of iTBS and continuous TBS (cTBS) in patients with moderate to severe suicidal ideation. Methods: Patients with TRD and moderate to severe suicidal ideation (n = 44) were randomly assigned to receive accelerated iTBS or cTBS treatment. Treatments were delivered in 10 daily TBS sessions (1800 pulses/session) for 5 consecutive days (total of 90,000 pulses). Neuronavigation was employed to target accelerated iTBS and cTBS to the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), respectively. Clinical outcomes were evaluated in a 4-week follow-up period. Results: Accelerated cTBS was superior to iTBS in the management of suicidal ideation (pweek 1 = .027) and anxiety symptoms (pweek 1 = .01). Accelerated iTBS and cTBS were comparable in antidepressant effects (p < .001; accelerated cTBS: mean change at weeks 1, 3, 5 = 49.55%, 54.99%, 53.11%; accelerated iTBS: mean change at weeks 1, 3, 5 = 44.52%, 48.04%, 51.74%). No serious adverse events occurred during the trial. One patient withdrew due to hypomania. The most common adverse event was discomfort at the treatment site (22.73% in both groups). Conclusions: These findings provide the first evidence that accelerated schedules of left DLPFC iTBS and right DLPFC cTBS are comparably effective in managing antidepressant symptoms and indicate that right DLPFC cTBS is potentially superior in reducing suicidal ideation and anxiety symptoms.
Effective alleviation of depressive and anxious symptoms and sleep disorders in benzodiazepine-dependent patients through repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Benzodiazepine (BZD) dependence poses a significant challenge in mental health, prompting the exploration of treatments like repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). This research aims to assess the impact of rTMS on alleviating symptoms of BZD dependence. A randomized control trial was employed to study 40 BZD-dependent inpatients. Their symptoms were quantified using the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAMA), Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). Participants were divided into a conventional treatment group (daily diazepam with gradual tapering) with supportive psychotherapy and another group receiving the same treatment supplemented with rTMS (five weekly sessions for 2 weeks). Significant improvements were observed in both groups over baseline in MADRS, HAMA and PSQI scores at the 2nd, 4th, 8th and 12th week assessments (p < 0.05). The group receiving rTMS in addition to conventional treatment exhibited superior improvements in all measures at the 8th and 12th weeks. The addition of rTMS to conventional treatment methods for BZD dependence significantly betters the recovery in terms of depression, anxiety and sleep quality, highlighting the role of rTMS as an effective adjunct therapy.
Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation Combined with Cognitive Training to Improve Negative Symptoms and Cognitive Impairment in Schizophrenia: A Pilot Study$$$ Schizophrenia is a chronic psychiatric disorder severely affecting patients’ functioning and quality of life. Unlike positive symptoms, cognitive impairment and negative symptoms cannot be treated pharmacologically and represent consistent predictors of the illness’s prognosis. Cognitive remediation (CR) interventions have been applied to target these symptoms. Brain stimulation also provides promising yet preliminary results in reducing negative symptoms, whereas its effect on cognitive impairment remains heterogeneous. Here, we combined intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) with CR to improve negative symptoms and cognitive impairment in schizophrenia spectrum patients. One hundred eligible patients were invited, and twenty-one participated. We randomized them into four groups, manipulating the stimulation condition (real vs. sham) and CR (no training vs. training). We delivered fifteen iTBS sessions over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for three weeks, followed (or not) by 50 min of training. Consensus-based clinical and cognitive assessment was administered at baseline and after the treatment, plus at three follow-ups occurring one, three, and six months after the intervention. Mixed-model analyses were run on cognitive and negative symptom scores. The preliminary findings highlighted a marginal modulation of iTBS on negative symptoms, whereas CR improved isolated cognitive functions. We herein discuss the limitations and strengths of the methodological approach.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Clinical Outcomes, Calcitonin Gene-Related Peptide, and Pituitary Adenylate Cyclase-Activating Polypeptide-38 Levels in Menstrual Migraine$$$ Objectives: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been suggested as an alternative treatment option for migraine. The present study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of tDCS on clinical outcomes in addition to calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) and pituitary adenylate cyclase-activating peptide 38 (PACAP-38) levels in individuals with menstrual-related migraine (MRM) for the first time. Materials and Methods: In this parallel study, 58 female patients between the ages of 18 and 45 years, including 36 with MRM and 22 with nonmenstrual migraines (nMM), were recruited. Sessions of 2-mA 20-minute anodal tDCS were administered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex within three consecutive days (1:1 active and sham stimulation). Migraine attack frequency, severity, analgesic usage, CGRP, and PACAP-38 levels of the patients were evaluated before and one month after tDCS. Results: After tDCS, in the active group compared with the sham group, the frequency (p = 0.031), the severity of attacks (p = 0.003), the number of days with headache (p = 0.004), and the analgesic usage (p = 0.024) were all decreased. In both MRM and nMM groups, the frequency and severity of attacks and analgesic usage were decreased in those receiving active stimulation (p < 0.001 for each). CGRP and PACAP-38 levels were no different in the active group and the sham group after tDCS. Conclusions: tDCS was shown to be efficacious in migraine prophylaxis and a valuable option for migraine and MRM treatment. The absence of changes in serum CGRP and PACAP-38 levels suggests that tDCS efficacy may stem from distinct cerebral electrophysiological mechanisms.
Targeting the left DLPFC and right VLPFC in unmarried romantic relationship breakup (love trauma syndrome) with intensified electrical stimulation: A randomized, single-blind, parallel-group, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Ending a romantic relationship is one of the most painful losses an adult experience. Neuroimaging studies suggest that there is a neuropsychological link between breakup experiences and bereaved individuals, and that specific prefrontal regions are involved. The aim of this study was to determine whether enhancement of left DLPFC and right VLPFC activity with a novel intensified anodal transcranial direct current stimulation protocol reduces core symptoms of love trauma syndrome (LTS) and improves treatment-related variables. Methods: In this randomized, sham-controlled, single-blind parallel trial, we assessed the efficacy of an intensified anodal stimulation protocol (20 min, twice-daily sessions with 20 min intervals, 5 consecutive days) with two montages (left DLPFC vs right VLPFC) to reduce love trauma symptoms. 36 participants with love trauma syndrome were randomized in three tDCS condition (left DLPFC, right VLPFC, sham stimulation). LTS symptoms, treatment-related outcome variables (depressive state, anxiety, emotion regulation, positive and negative affect), and cognitive functions were assessed before, right after, and one month after intervention. Results: Both DLPFC and VLPFC protocols significantly reduced LTS symptoms, and improved depressive state and anxiety after the intervention, as compared to the sham group. The improving effect of the DLPFC protocol on love trauma syndrome was significantly larger than that of the VLPFC protocol. For emotion regulation and positive and negative affect, improved regulation of emotions and positive affect and reduced negative affect were revealed after intervention in the two real stimulation conditions compared to the sham. For cognitive functions, no significant difference was observed between the groups, but again a positive effect of intervention within groups in the real stimulation conditions (DLPFC and VLPFC) was found for most components of the cognitive tasks. Conclusions: Enhancement of left DLPFC and right VLPFC activity with intensified stimulation improves LTS symptoms and treatment-related variables. For LTS symptoms, DLPFC stimulation was more efficient than VLPFC stimulation., For the other variables, no significant difference was observed between these two stimulation groups. These promising results require replication in larger trials.
Ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression: A network meta-analysis of efficacy and safety$$$ Background: Ketamine, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and their combination are effective for treating severe depression, but few large-scale studies have compared these. Methods: We searched databases for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) using ketamine, ECT, ketamine + ECT, or placebo for severe depression. Standardized measures were efficacy outcomes. Risk of bias was assessed. Stata and ADDIS were used for network meta-analysis (NMA) comparing efficacy and adverse reactions post-treatment. This study was registered on PROSPERO (CRD42023476740). Results: 17 RCTs with 1370 patients were included. NMA showed ECT and ketamine improved Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) versus placebo; other comparisons not significant. Rank probabilities showed highest probability for ECT, followed by ketamine + ECT, ketamine, placebo. No differences in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS); highest rank probability again for ECT, followed by ketamine + ECT, ketamine, placebo. Conclusions: Analysis suggests ECT superior to ketamine and their combination for improving depressive severity, but individualized treatment selection warranted. Higher adverse reactions with ketamine + ECT need further study for optimized combined use.
Effect of γ-tACS on prefrontal hemodynamics in bipolar disorder: A functional near-infrared study$$$ Objectives: Transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) is a potential therapeutic psychiatric tool that has been shown to modulate clinical symptoms and brain function by inducing brain oscillations. However, direct evidence on the effects of gamma-tACS (γ-tACS) on Bipolar I Disorder (BD-I) is limited. In the present study we used functional near-infrared spectroscopy to explore prefrontal hemodynamic changes in BD-I patients receiving combined γ-tACS intervention in addition to pharmacological treatment. Methods: Only 39 male patients with BD-I in the acute manic phase were included, and they were randomly divided into an intervention group (n = 18) and a control group (n = 21). The intervention group received γ-tACS treatment on a weekday for a total of 10 sessions in the right prefrontal cortex and left prefrontal cortex. All participants were pretested (baseline) and posttested (2 weeks after) with questionnaires to assess clinical symptoms and cognitive abilities, and with functional near infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) to assess spontaneous cortical hemodynamic activities. Results: Compared to the control group, the intervention group had greater increases in Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) scores, and greater decreases in Bech-Rafaelsen Mania Rating Scale (BRMS) scores. In the intervention group, functional connectivity (FC) was significantly greater in the left hemisphere. γ-tACS treatment resulted in a left hemispheric lateralization effect of resting state FC in BD-I patients, increasing the hemodynamic activity of the patient's left prefrontal cortex. Conclusions: γ-tACS can improve cognitive impairment and mood symptoms with BD-I patients in an acute manic episode by enhancing FC in the patients' left prefrontal cortex.
The dose-effect relationship of six stimulation parameters with rTMS over left DLPFC on treatment-resistant depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ This study aimed to evaluate the association of the six parameters, namely stimulation intensity, stimulation frequency, pulses per session, treatment duration, number of sessions, and total number of pulses with the efficacy of conventional transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). A random-effects dose-response meta-analysis of blinded randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 2391 participants were conducted to examine the dose-effect relationship of six stimulation parameters. Any of the six parameters significantly individually predicted proportion of variance in efficacy: pulses per session (R²=52.7%), treatment duration (R²=51.2%), total sessions (R²=50.9%), frequency (R²=49.6%), total pulses (R²=49.5%), and intensity (R²= 40.4%). Besides, we identified frequency as a potential parameter interacting with the other five parameters, resulting in a significant increase in variance(ΔR2) ranging from 5.0% to 16.7%. Finally, we found that RCTs using frequency > 10 Hz compared to those of 10 Hz showed better dose-effect relationships. We conclude that the six stimulation parameters significantly predict the dose-effect relationship of conventional rTMS on TRD. Besides, higher stimulation frequency, higher stimulation intensity, and adequate number of pulses were associated with treatment efficacy.
Non-invasive treatments improve patient outcomes in chronic tinnitus: a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To investigate the relative effectiveness of various Non-Invasive Treatment Techniques (NITs) in chronic tinnitus management. Methods: We searched PubMed, Embase and Cochrane Library databases from the time of data construction to December 31, 2022. According to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines, NITs were evaluated, including Aacceptance and commitment therapy (A), Cognitive behavioral therapy (C), Sound therapy (S), Transcranial magnetic stimulation (T), Electrical stimulation therapy (E), Virtual reality therapy (V), tinnitus Retraining therapy (R), general psychotherapy (D), and Placebo (P). The outcome indicators included the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI), Tinnitus Questionnaire (TQ), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale-anxiety-Depression (HADS-D), Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), Visual Analogue Scales-Loudness (VAS-L), and Visual Analogue Scales-Distress (VAS-D). Statistical analysis was performed using Stata 14.0 for NMA. Results: This systematic review and meta-analysis included 22 randomized controlled trials comprising 2,354 patients. The treatment effects varied on each scale. For THI, S (86.9%) was the most effective, whereas P (6.5%) was the worst. For TQ, C (89.5%) was the most effective, whereas D (25.4%) was the worst. For HADS-D, A (82.4%) was the most effective, whereas D (9.47%) was the worst. For ISI, A (83.2%) was the most effective, whereas R (20.6%) was the worst. For VAS-L, S (73.5%) was the most effective, whereas E (18.9%) was the worst. For VAS-D, C (84.7%) was the most effective, whereas P (18.1%) was the worst. Conclusions: The combination of acoustics and cognitive behavioral therapy may be an effectively treat patients with chronic tinnitus. Level of evidence: How common is the problem? Level 2. Is this diagnostic or monitoring test accurate? (Diagnosis) Level 1. What will happen if we do not add a therapy? (Prognosis) Level 1. Does this intervention help? (Treatment Benefits) Level 1. What are the COMMON harms? (Treatment Harms) Level 1. What are the RARE harms? (Treatment Harms) Level 1. Is this (early detection) test worthwhile? (Screening) Level 1I.
Treatment expectations and clinical outcomes following repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Patient expectations, including both positive (placebo) and negative (nocebo) effects, influence treatment outcomes, yet their impact on acute repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is unclear. Methods: In this single-center retrospective chart review, 208 TRD patients completed the Stanford Expectation of Treatment Scale (SETS) before starting open-label rTMS treatment. Patients were offered two excitatory rTMS protocols (deep TMS or intermittent theta-burst stimulation), which stimulated the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. A minimum of 20 once daily treatments were provided, delivered over 4–6 weeks. Primary outcomes were 1) remission, measured by a post-treatment score of <8 on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17), and 2) premature discontinuation. The change in HAMD-17 scores over time was used as a secondary outcome. Physicians were blinded to SETS scores. Logistic and linear regression, adjusting for covariates, assessed SETS and HAMD-17 relationships. Results: Of 208 patients, 177 had baseline and covariate data available. The mean positivity bias score (positive expectancy minus negative expectancy subscale averages) was 0.48 ± 2.21, indicating the cohort was neutral regarding the expectations of their treatment on average. Higher positive expectancy scores were significantly associated with greater odds of remission (OR = 1.90, p = 0.003) and greater reduction in HAMD-17 scores (β = 1.30, p = 0.005) at the end of acute treatment, after adjusting for covariates. Negative expectancy was not associated with decreased odds of remission (p = 0.2) or treatment discontinuation (p = 0.8). Conclusions: Higher pre-treatment positive expectations were associated with greater remission rates with open-label rTMS in a naturalistic cohort of patients with TRD.
TRANSCRANIAL DIRECT CURRENT STIMULATION TREATMENT IN PATIENTS WITH ALCOHOL DEPENDENCE: A RANDOMIZED SHAM-CONTROLLED TRIAL$$$ Drug Category: Alcohol Topic: Treatment Aim: Craving is a critical symptom of addiction and significantly predictive of relapse. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been implied as a potential approach to reduce craving. This study aimed to investigate the safety and effectiveness of tDCS on craving and substance treatment outcomes in patients with alcohol dependence. Methods: Patients with alcohol dependence (severe alcohol use disorder) were enrolled in the study. Participants were randomized to two groups after two weeks of detoxification: 1) tDCS, and 2) sham, and received a total of 10 tDCS sessions over two weeks. Demographic data, alcohol and other substance use data were collected. The following data were gathered before (T0: week 0), during (T1: week 1), after (T2: week 2), and at follow-up (T3: week 4) to assess symptoms of craving, motivation, and other emotional symptoms: Visual Analog Scale (VAS), Penn Alcohol Craving Scale (PACS), Severity of Alcohol Dependence Questionnaire (SADQ), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Alcohol Relapse Risk Scale (ARRS), Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale (OCDS), Penn Alcohol Craving Scale (PACS), Alcohol Craving Questionnaire-Short Form-Revised (ACQ-SF-R), and Alcohol Withdrawal Self The Alcohol Abstinence Self-Efficacy Scale (AASE). Results: 37 patients with alcohol dependence were randomly assigned in 2:1 ratio to 26 in the tDCS group and 11 in the sham group. A total of 2 in the tDCS group and 2 in the sham group dropped out. Using repeated measure ANOVA, significant improvements in VAS, PACS, OCDS, ARRS, BDI, BAI, and AASE scores were found in both the tDCS and sham groups after the intervention, but the differences between the two groups were not statistically significant. Conclusions: This study revealed that tDCS is a safe brain stimulation method with few adverse effects exclusive of seizures in patients with alcohol dependence. This preliminary study suggest tDCS might have potential as an adjunct to addiction treatment. Financial Support: This work was supported by grants from Taipei City Government (TPECH-10708107)
A treadmill training program in a gamified virtual reality environment combined with transcranial direct current stimulation in Parkinson's Disease: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Parkinson's Disease (PD) affects movement and cognition, and physiotherapy, particularly treadmill gait training, has potential in addressing movement dysfunctions in PD. However, treadmill training falls short in addressing cognitive aspects and adherence. Virtual reality (VR) and gamification can enhance motor and cognitive retraining and improve adherence. People with Parkinson's Disease (PWPD) have decreased motor skill learning efficiency, but tDCS can improve motor and cognitive learning. Methods 78 participants with PD will be randomly allocated in a 1:1:1 ratio to one of three groups: (1) treadmill + Gamified Virtual Reality Environment (GVRE) + tDCS training group; (2) treadmill + GVRE training group or (3) treadmill training group. Participants will follow a 6-week, 12- session treadmill gait training plan, gradually increasing session duration from 20 to 45 minutes. Participants in (1) and (2) will undergo a GVRE training protocol, with (1) also receiving tDCS for the first 20 minutes of each session. Assessments will occur at baseline, post-intervention, and at a 6-week follow-up. The primary outcome measure will be gait speed during single and dual-task performance. Secondary measures will include additional gait parameters, executive tests for cognitive performance, and clinical outcomes for disease stage, cognitive status, and physical condition. Discussion This randomized clinical trial presents an innovative neurorehabilitation protocol that aims to improve gait and cognition in PWPD. The study also examines how tDCS can enhance motor and cognitive training. Results could contribute to enhancing the motor and cognitive state of PWPD through a GVRE and tDCS-based neurorehabilitation protocol.
Does rumination moderate the effect of attention bias modification for depressive symptoms?$$$ Background: Current treatment of major depressive disorders still leave many patients with modest improvement. Attention Bias Modification (ABM) is an approach that may serve as an adjuvant therapy for subgroups of patients. We examined whether rumination, often found to be associated with a negative attentional bias, acts as a moderating variable in a computerized ABM procedure in participants with recurrent depression. Methods: A total of 301 patients were randomized to receive either active - or sham ABM twice daily for 14 days. A regression-based moderator analysis was applied to evaluate whether baseline brooding, from the Rumination Response Scale (RRS-B), moderated the effect of ABM on Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II). Results: There was no significant interaction effect of ABM and RRS-B on HDRS or BDI-II at post-intervention or at 1 month follow-up. In addition, no correlation was found for pre-training attention bias and RRS-B. Limitations: : Generalizability is limited to individuals with non-clinical symptom scores. Conclusions: There was no moderator effect of brooding rumination on clinical depression scales in the largest clinical study on ABM to date.
Quantitative Analysis of Factors of Attrition in a Double-blind rTMS Study for Alzheimer Treatment$$$ Attrition is a particular concern in studies examining the efficacy of a treatment for Alzheimer disease. Analyzing reasons for withdrawal in Alzheimer studies is crucial to ruling out attrition bias, which can undermine a study's validity. In contrast, attrition in studies using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has received much less attention. Our goal was to identify any commonalities between participants who withdrew for the same reasons. Three independent coders rated each response concerning the reasons for withdrawal, and frequency tables were generated to characterize the participants within each category. This study was conducted on the 28 withdrawn cases from a 7-month study investigating the short-term and long-term therapeutic effects of rTMS for Alzheimer disease among 156 participants across 3 sites of the study. Seven reasons for withdrawal were identified, with health and medical changes being the most commonly reported reason (7 participants). Personal issues involving family or caregivers were the next most common (5 participants), and the remaining 5 categories consisted of 3 participants each. Although the limited sample size prevented the use of inferential statistics, our findings highlight the need for more transparent reporting of attrition rates and withdrawal reasons by rTMS researchers.
Evaluating the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation on improving cognitive function in bipolar patients$$$ Background: Bipolar disorder is classified as one of the most debilitating mental diseases. Although patients receive medical treatment, cognitive deficits remain in the euthymic phase in many patients. It is hypothesized that brain electrical stimulation protocols that increase cognitive function may increase the quality of life. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation in improving cognitive function in bipolar patients in the euthymic phase. Methods & Materials: In a double-blind, sham-controlled- clinical trial, 46 euthymic bipolar patients diagnosed based on DSM-V were randomly divided into the two intervention and control groups. tDCS was applied for the intervention group using an anode electrode at the left dorsolateral-peripheral cortex (F3) and the cathode at the right dorsolateral-frontal (F4) (based on the 10/20 system) at 2 mA for 20 min. The Strop Color and Word Test, The Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (RAVLT), and The Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (WAISR) were evaluated before, at the end of the third and the seventh weeks of the intervention. Statistical analysis was performed using SPSS v 16. Results: The scores of immediate and delayed auditory memory and visual memory in the intervention group, unlike the control group, improved significantly after treatment. Moreover, Wechsler's working memory score in the intervention group improved significantly after treatment. Consistent and inconsistent answers scores were also significantly improved in the intervention group compared with the controls. Conclusion: The present study indicated that tDCS might be an efficient and safe method for improving cognitive function in euthymic bipolar patients.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation as a Treatment for Persistent Post-Concussion Symptoms and the Impact on Quality of Life$$$ Background: Approximately 450,000 Canadians acquire a mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) annually. Of those, approximately 1/3 will experience persistent post-concussion symptoms (PPCS). Symptoms can include dizziness, headache, memory difficulty, and anxiety lasting beyond 1-month thus impeding quality of life (QoL). Limited evidence-based treatments exist for PPCS, but recent trials using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) show improvements in overlapping symptoms such as migraines, depression, and anxiety. Repetitive TMS is a non-invasive neuromodulation treatment which transmits a localized magnetic field to excite or inhibit the underlying cortex. Objective: The primary objective of this study was to assess whether the Quality of Life After Brain Injury (QOLIBRI) questionnaire scores at pre-treatment improved following rTMS intervention and at 1 and 3-months post rTMS compared to sham rTMS. Methods: In this double-blind randomized control trial, 90 adult participants with PPCS were recruited from Calgary community clinics. Participants were randomized to receive 20-sessions of sham or rTMS treatment targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex over 4-weeks (10Hz,10 trains of 60 pulses with 45s inter- train intervals). A linear mixed model evaluated the total QOLIBRI scores between pretreatment and follow-up scores for the rTMS and sham conditions. Results: The preliminary data showed an overall effect of condition on the total QOLIBRI scores (β= 4.923, 95% CI [0.586, 9.260], p=0.026). However, there was no significant effect of condition by timepoint F(3, 101.726) =0.545, p=0.652. There was a significant effect of time on the total QOLIBRI scores F(3, 101.744)=6.829, p<0.001. The pairwise comparisons showed a significant improvement of the total QOLIBRI scores from pre-treatment to each follow up (all p<0.005). Conclusions: Quality of life significantly improved up to 3-months in both sham and rTMS groups with no significant difference between interventions. This is the largest study to date evaluating rTMS as a treatment to improve QoL in participants with PPCS.
Assessment of noninvasive brain stimulation interventions in Parkinson's disease: a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials was conducted to compare and rank the effectiveness of various noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) for Parkinson's disease (PD). We searched PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane Library, Embase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), Wanfang Database, China Science and Technology Journal Database (VIP), and Chinese Biomedical Literature Service System (SinoMed) databases from the date of database inception to April 30th, 2024. Two researchers independently screened studies of NIBS treatment in patients with PD based on inclusion and exclusion criteria. Two researchers independently performed data extraction of the included studies using an Excel spreadsheet and assessed the quality of the literature according to the Cochrane Risk of Bias Assessment Tool (RoB2). Network meta-analysis was performed in StataMP 17.0. A total of 28 studies involving 1628 PD patients were included. The results showed that HF-rTMS over the SMA (SMD = - 2.01; 95% CI [- 2.87, - 1.15]), HF-rTMS over the M1 and DLPFC (SMD = - 1.80; 95% CI [- 2.90, - 0.70]), HF-rTMS over the M1 (SMD = - 1.10; 95% CI [- 1.55, - 0.65]), a-tDCS over the DLPFC (SMD = - 1.08; 95% CI [- 1.90, - 0.27]), HF-rTMS over the M1 and PFC (SMD = - 0.92; 95% CI [- 1.71, - 0.14]), LF-rTMS over the M1 (SMD = - 0.72; 95% CI [- 1.17, - 0.28]), and HF-rTMS over the DLPFC (SMD = - 0.70; 95% CI [- 1.21, - 0.19]) were significantly improved motor function compared with sham stimulation. The SUCRA three highest ranked were HF-rTMS over the SMA (95.1%), HF-rTMS over the M1 and DLPFC (89.6%), and HF-rTMS over the M1 (73.0%). In terms of enhanced cognitive function, HF-rTMS over the DLPFC (SMD = 0.80; 95% CI [0.03,1.56]) was significantly better than sham stimulation. The SUCRA three most highly ranked were a-tDCS over the M1 (69.8%), c-tDCS over the DLPFC (66.9%), and iTBS over the DLPFC (65.3%). HF-rTMS over the M1 (SMD = - 1.43; 95% CI [- 2.26, - 0.61]) and HF-rTMS over the DLPFC (SMD = - 0.79; 95% CI [- 1.45, - 0.12)]) significantly improved depression. The SUCRA three highest ranked were HF-rTMS over the M1 (94.1%), LF-rTMS over the M1 (71.8%), and HF-rTMS over the DLPFC (69.0%). HF-rTMS over the SMA may be the best option for improving motor symptoms in PD patients. a-tDCS and HF-rTMS over the M1 may be the NIBS with the most significant effects on cognition and depression, separately.Trial registration: International Prospective Register of Systematic Review, PROSPERO (CRD42023456088).
Home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in major depressive disorder: enhanced network synchronization with active relative to sham and deep learning-based predictors of remission$$$ Aim: To investigate neural oscillatory networks in major depressive disorder (MDD), effects of home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) treatment, and potential predictors of treatment remission. Methods: In a randomised controlled trial (RCT) of home-based tDCS treatment, EEG data were acquired a subset: 21 MDD participants (16 women) (mean age 36.63 ± 9.71 years) in current depressive episode of moderate to severe severity (mean Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) score 18.42 ± 1.80). Participants were randomised to either active (n=11) or sham tDCS (n=8). Treatment was home-based tDCS treatment for 10 weeks in a bifrontal montage (anode over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) consisting of 5 sessions per week for 3 weeks and 3 sessions per week for 7 weeks. Active tDCS was 2mA and sham tDCS 0mA with brief ramp up and ramp down period to mimic active stimulation. Each session was 30 minutes. Clinical remission was defined as HAMD score ≤ 7. Resting-state EEG data were acquired at baseline, prior to the start of treatment, and at 10-week end of treatment. EEG data were acquired using portable 4-channel EEG device (electrode positions: AF7, AF8, TP9, TP10). EEG band power was extracted for each electrode and functional connectivity phase synchronization by phase locking value (PLV). Deep learning was applied to baseline PLV features to identify predictors of treatment remission. Results: Main effect of group was observed in gamma PLV in frontal and temporal regions, in which active tDCS treatment group showed higher connectivity as compared to sham group. In active treatment group, significant positive correlations between changes in delta, theta, alpha, and beta PLV and improvement in depression severity were observed. The highest treatment remission prediction was achieved by combining PLV features from theta, alpha, and beta: accuracy 71.94% (sensitivity 52.88%, specificity 83.06%). Conclusions: Synchronized brain activity across large-scale networks as reflected in gamma PLV is a potential mechanism of active tDCS as compared to placebo-sham tDCS. Baseline resting-state EEG is a potential predictor of treatment remission. Home-based EEG measures are feasible and potentially useful predictors of clinical outcome.
Effect of psychological nursing interventions on effectiveness and quality of life in schizophrenia patients receiving modified electroconvulsive therapy$$$ BACKGROUND Schizophrenia is a common and severe mental disorder characterized by severe thought disturbances, hallucinations, delusions, and emotional instability. For some patients, conventional treatment methods may not effectively alleviate symptoms, necessitating the use of alternative therapeutic approaches. Modified electroconvulsive therapy (MECT) is an effective treatment modality for schizophrenia, inducing anti-depressive and antipsychotic effects through the stimulation of brain electrical activity. AIM To explore the impact of psychological nursing intervention (PNI) before and after MECT on the efficacy and quality of life of patients with schizophrenia. METHODS Eighty patients with schizophrenia who received MECT treatment from 2021 to 2023 were randomly divided into two groups: The intervention group (n = 40) and the control group (n = 40). The intervention group received PNI before and after MECT, while the control group received routine nursing care. The efficacy of MECT was evaluated by the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) and the Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI) before and after the treatment. The quality of life was assessed by the Short Form 36 Health Survey (SF-36) after the treatment. RESUITS The intervention group had significantly lower scores of PANSS and CGI than the control group after the treatment (P < 0.05). The intervention group also had significantly higher scores of SF-36 than the control group in all domains except physical functioning (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION PNI before and after MECT can improve the efficacy and quality of life of patients with schizophrenia. It is suggested that nurses should provide individualized and comprehensive psychological care for patients undergoing MECT to enhance their recovery and well-being.
Concurrent self-administered transcranial direct current stimulation and attention bias modification training in binge eating disorder: feasibility randomised sham-controlled trial$$$ Background Binge eating disorder (BED) is a common and disabling condition, typically presenting with multiple psychiatric and obesity-related comorbidities. Evidence-based treatments are either resource-intensive (psychotherapies) or have side-effects (medications): these achieve remission in around 50% of cases. Novel treatments are needed. Aims This randomised sham-controlled trial aimed to assess feasibility, acceptability and preliminary efficacy of at-home, self-administered transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and attention bias modification training (ABMT) in adults with binge eating disorder. Method Eighty-two participants with binge eating disorder were randomly allocated to real tDCS with ABMT, sham tDCS with ABMT, ABMT only or waitlist control. Intervention groups received ten sessions of their allocated treatment over 2-3 weeks. tDCS (2 mA, 20 min) was self-administered using a bilateral (anode right/cathode left) montage targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Outcomes were assessed at baseline, post-treatment and 6-week follow-up. Results Prespecified feasibility criteria (recruitment ≥80 participants and retention rate ≥75%) were exceeded, and treatment completion rates were high (98.7%). All interventions reduced binge eating episodes, eating disorder symptoms and related psychopathology between baseline and follow-up, relative to waitlist control (medium-to-large between-group effect sizes for change scores). Small-to-medium effect sizes for change scores favoured real tDCS with ABMT versus comparators, suggesting the verum intervention produces superior outcomes. Conclusions At-home, self-administered tDCS with ABMT is feasible and acceptable, and preliminary data on efficacy are promising. This approach could be a useful and scalable alternative or adjunct to established treatments for binge eating disorder. Confirmatory trials can, and should, be pursued.
Effectiveness of web-based guided self-help cognitive behavioral therapy-enhanced for binge-eating disorder: An implementation study$$$ Introduction: Web-based guided self-help cognitive behavioral therapy-enhanced (CBT-E) is a 12-weeks, 12-sessions, digitalized version of part II of the self-help book Overcoming Binge Eating. This intervention is effective when offered under controlled circumstances in a randomized-controlled-trial. It is unknown how patients with binge-eating disorder (BED) respond to this intervention when offered in real-world clinical-settings. The aim of this study is to examine post-intervention effectiveness of guided self-help CBT-E for BED in real-world settings. Method: The present study used a cohort-design examining the effectiveness of web-based guided self-help CBT-E according to an intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis. BED patients (n = 278) were assessed pre- and post-intervention. The primary outcome was reduction in binge-eating episodes. Other outcomes were full-recovery (EDE-Q score <2.77 and abstinence from binge-eating episodes), impaired psychosocial functioning, defined as secondary impairment, and general psychopathology post-intervention. Results: The number of binge-eating episodes reduced by an average of 16 binge-eating episodes per 4 weeks pre-intervention to five binge-eating episodes during the last 4 weeks of treatment. Abstinence from binge eating was reported by 30%, and 28% reported full recovery. Effect sizes (Cohen's d) were large (d ≥ 1.0) for all outcome measures. There were no differences in outcomes between the ITT and the completers sample. Discussion: Guided self-help CBT-E is associated with significant improvements. The effects of guided self-help CBT-E offered in a real-world-setting are comparable to self-help CBT-E offered in a randomized-controlled-trial. However, it should be noted that comparisons with randomized-controlled-trials requires caution. Longer-term follow-up data are necessary to measure persistence of treatment benefits. Public Significance: Offering CBT-E as a web-based guided self-help intervention has several benefits for patients with BED. Guided self-help CBT-E is associated with significant improvements on the short term when offered in real-world clinical settings.
Cortical excitation/inhibition ratios in patients with major depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy: an EEG analysis$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for major depression, but its working mechanisms are poorly understood. Modulation of excitation/inhibition (E/I) ratios may be a driving factor. Here, we estimate cortical E/I ratios in depressed patients and study whether these ratios change over the course of ECT in relation to clinical effectiveness. Five-minute resting-state electroencephalography (EEG) recordings of 28 depressed patients were recorded before and after their ECT course. Using a novel method based on critical dynamics, functional E/I (fE/I) ratios in the frequency range of 0.5–30 Hz were estimated in frequency bins of 1 Hz for the whole brain and for pre-defined brain regions. Change in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) score was used to estimate clinical effectiveness. To account for test–retest variability, repeated EEG recordings from an independent sample of 31 healthy controls (HC) were included. At baseline, no differences in whole brain and regional fE/I ratios were found between patients and HC. At group level, whole brain and regional fE/I ratios did not change over the ECT course. However, in responders, frontal fE/I ratios in the frequencies 12–28 Hz increased significantly (pFDR < 0.05 [FDR = false discovery rate]) over the ECT course. In non-responders and HC, no changes occurred over time. In this sample, frontal fE/I ratios increased over the ECT course in relation to treatment response. Modulation of frontal fE/I ratios may be an important mechanism of action of ECT.
Efficacy and Safety of Theta Burst Versus Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Depression: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Objectives: Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is more energy- and time-efficient than is standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). However, further studies are needed to analyze TBS therapy for its efficacy and safety compared with standard rTMS in treating depression. The aim of this meta-analysis was to compare TBS therapy with standard rTMS treatment regarding their safety and therapeutic effect on individuals with depression. Materials and Methods: Six data bases (Wanfang, the China National Knowledge Infrastructure, PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and PsycINFO) were searched from inception till December 20, 2022. Two independent reviewers selected potentially relevant studies on the basis of the inclusion criteria, extracted data, and evaluated the methodologic quality of the eligible trials using the modified ten-item Physiotherapy Evidence Database scale per Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis guidelines. Finally, ten comparable pairs of nine randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included for meta-analysis. Summary odds ratios (ORs) of the rates of response, remission, and adverse events were simultaneously calculated using quality-effects (QE) and random-effects (RE) models. Changes in depression scores associated with antidepressant effects were expressed using standardized mean differences simultaneously. This study was registered with the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (CRD42022376790). Results: Nine of the 602 RCTs, covering 1124 patients (616 who had TBS protocols applied vs 508 treated using standard rTMS), were included. Differences in response rates between the above two treatment modalities were not significant (OR = 1.01, 95% CI: 0.88–1.16, p = 0.44, I2 = 0%, RE model; OR = 1.07, 95% CI: 0.87–1.32, p = 0.44, I2 = 0%, QE model). Differences in adverse event rates between TBS and standard rTMS groups were not statistically significant. Conclusions: TBS has similar efficacy and safety to standard rTMS for treating depression. Considering the short duration of daily stimulation sessions, this meta-analysis supports the continued development of TBS for treating depression.
Direct Current Stimulation of Prefrontal Cortex Is Not Effective in Progressive Supranuclear Palsy: A Randomized Trial$$$ Background: Progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP) is a rare 4R-tauopathy. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may improve specific symptoms. Objectives: This randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled trial aimed at verifying the short-, mid-, and long-term effect of multiple sessions of anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) cortex in PSP. Methods: Twenty-five patients were randomly assigned to active or sham stimulation (2 mA for 20 minute) for 5 days/week for 2 weeks. Participants underwent assessments at baseline, after the 2-week stimulation protocol, then after 45 days and 3 months from baseline. Primary outcomes were verbal and semantic fluency. The efficacy was verified with analysis of covariance. Results: We failed to detect a significant effect of active stimulation on primary outcomes. Stimulation was associated to worsening of specific behavioral complaints. Conclusions: A 2-week protocol of anodal left DLPFC tDCS is not effective in PSP. Specific challenges in running symptomatic clinical trials with classic design are highlighted. © 2024 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society.
The efficacy of zuranolone versus placebo in postpartum depression and major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Zuranolone, an oral version of allopregnanolone and neurosteroid, is a novel drug for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) and postpartum depression (PPD). Aim: The purpose of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to assess the efficacy of zuranolone in the treatment of MDD and PPD. Method: A systematic search was conducted using EBSCOhost to simultaneously search Academic Search Premier, APA PsycArticles, APA PsycInfo, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, CINAHL Ultimate, and MEDLINE with Full Text. Two independent reviewers screened the articles and completed a full-text review using Covidence. The quality of each study was assessed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias tool for randomized trials (RoB 2). A meta-analysis was then conducted using Review Manager (RevMan v5.4) software. Results: The initial search yielded 127 results, with 6 articles fitting our inclusion and exclusion criteria. All 6 studies, comprising 1707 participants, had an overall low risk of bias. There was a significant decrease in HAM-D scores for MDD at 15 days versus placebo (MD − 2.40, 95% CI − 3.07 to − 1.63; p <.001). When pooling data for PDD, there was an overall significant decrease in HAM-D scores at 15 days versus placebo (MD − 4.06, 95% CI − 4.25 to − 3.87; p <.001). Conclusion: The results suggest that zuranolone can improve symptoms of PPD at 15 days; however, results were not clinically significant for MDD. Future research is needed to evaluate the long-term efficacy of zuranolone in PPD and the treatment efficacy in MDD.
Randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy and tolerability of electroconvulsive therapy in patients with clozapine-resistant schizophrenia$$$ There is no established treatment for patients with clozapine-resistant schizophrenia (CRS). Clozapine augmentation strategies with antipsychotics or others substances are effective in comparison with placebo while and Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) showed to be effective in comparison with treatment as usual (TAU) but not with placebo (sham-ECT). In the present double- blind randomized controlled trial, we compared 40 outpatients who received 20 sessions of ECT (n = 21) or sham-ECT (n = 19) (age = 37.40 ± 9.62, males = 77.5 %, illness duration = 14.95 ± 8.32 years, mean total Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) = 101.10 ± 24.91) who fulfilled well-defined CRS criteria including baseline clozapine plasma levels ≥350 ng/mL. The primary outcome was the ≥50 % PANSS Total Score reduction; secondary outcomes were the scores of the PANSS subscales, PANSS five-factor dimensions, PANSS-6 and the Calgary Depression Rating Scale (CDRS). Treatment response was analyzed by percentage reduction, Linear Mixed Models and effect sizes. At baseline both groups showed no differences except for years of school education (included as a covariate). At endpoint, only 1/19 of the completers (5.26 %) in the ECT group and 0/17 in the sham-ECT group showed a ≥50 % total PANSS score reduction. Both groups showed no significant differences of the total PANSS score (F = 0.12; p = 0.73), Positive (F = 0.27, p = 0.61), Negative (F = 0.25, p = 0.62), and General Psychopathology scores (F = 0.01, p = 0.94) as well for all PANSS five factors, the PANSS-6 and CDRS. Thus, the present study found no evidence that ECT is better than Sham-ECT in patients with CRS. Future sham-ECT controlled studies with larger sample sizes are warranted to test the efficacy of ECT for patients with CRS.
Consecutive Dual-Session Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Chronic Subjective Severe to Catastrophic Tinnitus with Normal Hearing$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is emerging as a promising non-invasive intervention for tinnitus by aiming to modulate abnormal brain activity. This study investigated the efficacy of dual-session tDCS for the relief of perception, distress, and loudness in patients with severe chronic subjective tinnitus and assessed the duration of tinnitus suppression effects compared to single-session and control groups over a 2-month follow-up. In a prospective, randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 30 participants with severe chronic subjective tinnitus underwent bifrontal tDCS. The control group (n = 9), single-session group (n = 10), and dual-session group (n = 11) received 2 mA stimulation for 20 min per session, twice a week for one month. The treatment response was monitored weekly using the Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), with additional assessments using the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) at the fourth and eighth weeks. The single- and dual-session groups showed statistically significant improvements in VAS, THI, and BDI scores compared to the control group. THI and BDI scores showed a significant difference between the single- and dual-session groups. The dual-session group demonstrated a more sustained tinnitus suppression effect than the single-session group. tDCS has been validated as an effective intervention for the suppression of tinnitus, with the dual-session protocol showing longer-term benefits. These findings support the potential of tDCS as a treatment for tinnitus, particularly in dual-session applications.
Short-Term Therapeutic Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulations of Sleep Disorders in Parkinson’s Disease: A Randomized Clinical Trial (Pilot Study)$$$ This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of rTMS in treating sleep disorders in PD. It included 24 patients with PD who had sleep disorders. Group allocations (active or sham with a ratio of 2:1) were placed in serially numbered closed envelopes. Each patient was evaluated with the following: MDS-UPDRS, Parkinson’s Disease Sleep Scale (PDSS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and polysomnography (PSG) before and 10 days after the treatment sessions. Each session consisted of 10 trains, 20 Hz, 10 sec for each, over the parietal cortex (bilaterally). Scores of UPDRS, BDI, and PDSS improved significantly in the active group but not in the sham group. The PSG data showed that sleep onset and rapid eye movement (REM) latencies (min), REM duration, and time spent awake (both as %TST) were improved after rTMS in the active group compared with the sham group. The number of awakenings, the wake-after-sleep onset index, the arousal index, and periodic leg movements (PLMs) were all significantly reduced in the active group but not in the sham group. Ten sessions of 20 Hz rTMS over parietal cortexes improved sleep quality and PLMs in patients with PD. The improvement in PSG and PDSS were correlated with improvements in UPDRS and BDI scores.
Neuropathic pain in burn patients – A common problem with little literature: A systematic review$$$ Background: The prevalence of neuropathic pain (NP) in burn patients is reported in the literature to be as high as 80%1. Given the complexity of NP in burn patients and the wide range of treatments available, a systematic review of the literature is warranted to summarize our current understanding of management and treatment of NP in this population. Methods: This systematic review was conducted according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) guidelines. The following databases were queried to identify relevant articles: PubMed, Cochrane, Embase, Scopus, Ovid, and Web of Science. The main outcome measures were incidence and management of NP. Secondary outcomes included risk factors for NP. Results: Included articles presented findings from 11 different countries, capturing outcomes for 4366 patients. Risk factors for neuropathic pain in burn patients were identified, including older age, alcohol and substance abuse, current daily smoking, greater % total body surface area burns (TBSA), and longer hospitalizations. Pharmacologic treatments included gabapentin/pregabalin (n = 7), ascorbic acid (n = 1), and lidocaine (n = 1). Overall, the studies showed varied results regarding the efficacy of pharmacological treatments. While certain studies demonstrated gabapentanoids to be effective in reducing neuropathic symptoms, others found conflicting results. With regards to non-pharmacologic treatments, electroconvulsive therapy (n = 1), electropuncture (n = 1), nerve release/reconstruction (n = 2), and somatosensory feedback rehabilitation (n = 1) were used and demonstrated promise in reducing pain intensity and improving functionality. Conclusions: Despite NP afflicting the majority of burn patients long after their injury, this systematic review demonstrates insufficient evidence on the pathophysiology, outcomes, and risk factors in NP, as well as the efficacy of various therapies. Future prospective and randomized studies evaluating the etiology of these factors can substantially improve our treatment strategies. This can allow for the development of well-delineated and evidence-based protocols in NP management in hopes of improving quality of life and both psychological and physical function in burn patients.
Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies$$$ The efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) in treating treatment-resistant depression (TRD) are unknown. Up to June 21, 2023, we conducted a systematic search for RCTs, and then extracted and synthesized data using random effects models. Five RCTs involving 507 patients with TRD (243 in the active dTMS group and 264 in the control group) were included in the present study. The active dTMS group showed significantly higher study-defined response rate (45.3% versus 24.2%, n = 507, risk ratio [RR] = 1.87, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 1.21–2.91, I2 = 53%; P = 0.005) and study-defined remission rate (38.3% versus 14.4%, n = 507, RR = 2.37, 95%CI: 1.30–4.32, I2 = 58%; P = 0.005) and superiority in improving depressive symptoms (n = 507, standardized mean difference = −0.65, 95%CI: −1.11–−0.18, I2 = 82%; P = 0.006) than the control group. In terms of cognitive functions, no significant differences were observed between the two groups. The two groups also showed similar rates of other adverse events and all-cause discontinuations (P > 0.05). dTMS is an effective and safe treatment strategy for the management of patients with TRD.
NeuroDots: From Single-Target to Brain-Network Modulation: Why and What Is Needed?$$$ Objectives: Current techniques in brain stimulation are still largely based on a phrenologic approach that a single brain target can treat a brain disorder. Nevertheless, meta-analyses of brain implants indicate an overall success rate of 50% improvement in 50% of patients, irrespective of the brain-related disorder. Thus, there is still a large margin for improvement. The goal of this manuscript is to 1) develop a general theoretical framework of brain functioning that is amenable to surgical neuromodulation, and 2) describe the engineering requirements of the next generation of implantable brain stimulators that follow from this theoretic model. Materials and Methods: A neuroscience and engineering literature review was performed to develop a universal theoretical model of brain functioning and dysfunctioning amenable to surgical neuromodulation. Results: Even though a single target can modulate an entire network, research in network science reveals that many brain disorders are the consequence of maladaptive interactions among multiple networks rather than a single network. Consequently, targeting the main connector hubs of those multiple interacting networks involved in a brain disorder is theoretically more beneficial. We, thus, envision next-generation network implants that will rely on distributed, multisite neuromodulation targeting correlated and anticorrelated interacting brain networks, juxtaposing alternative implant configurations, and finally providing solid recommendations for the realization of such implants. In doing so, this study pinpoints the potential shortcomings of other similar efforts in the field, which somehow fall short of the requirements. Conclusion: The concept of network stimulation holds great promise as a universal approach for treating neurologic and psychiatric disorders.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on fear of cancer recurrence and its underlying neuromechanism$$$ Introduction: Many breast cancer patients suffer from fear of cancer recurrence (FCR). However, effective physical intervention for FCR has been scarce. Previous studies have confirmed that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can help improve patients' anxiety, depression, fear, and stress level. Therefore, this study aims to assess the efficacy of rTMS in the treatment of FCR in breast cancer patients and explore its underlying neural mechanism. Methods and analysis: and analysis: Fifty breast cancer patients with high FCR (FCR total score >27), and fifty age- and gender-matched patients with low FCR (FCR total score <7) will be recruited to participate in this study. Patients in the high FCR group will be randomly assigned to receive 4-week low-frequency rTMS targeting the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (rDLPFC) + treatment as usual (TAU) (n = 25), or to receive sham stimulation + TAU (n = 25). Patients in the low FCR group will only receive TAU. All participants will take a baseline fMRI scan to examine the local activities and interactions of brain activity between the prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), amygdala and hippocampus. Fear of Cancer Recurrence Questionnaire (FCRQ7), Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ9), Generalize Anxiety Disorder (GAD7), Numeric Rating Scale (NRS), and Insomnia Severity Index (ISI7) will be used to measure an individual's FCR, depression, anxiety, pain, and insomnia symptoms at week 0 (baseline), week 4 (the end of intervention), week 5 (1 week post-treatment), week 8 (1 month post-treatment), and week 16 (3 months post-treatment). Participants in the high FCR group will receive a post-treatment fMRI scan within 24 h after intervention to explore the neural mechanisms of rTMS treatment. The primary outcome of the study, whether the rTMS intervention is sufficient in relieving FCR in breast cancer patients, is measured by FCRQ7. Additionally, task activation, local activity and functional connectivity of the DLPFC, amygdala and hippocampus will be compared, between high and low FCR group, and before and after treatment. Discussion: Studies have shown that low-frequency rTMS can be used to treat patient's FCR. However, there is a lack of relevant evidence to support the efficacy of rTMS on FCR in cancer patients, and the neural mechanisms underlying the effects of rTMS on FCR need to be further investigated. Ethics and dissemination: Ethical approval for the study has been obtained from the Ethics Committee of Guangdong Provincial People's Hospital (reference number: KY-N-2022-136-01). The results of the investigation will be published in scientific papers. The data from the investigation will be made available online if necessary. Trial registration: NCT05881889 (ClinicalTrials.gov). Date of registration: May 31, 2023.
Perceived barriers to using neurostimulation: A national survey of psychiatrists, patients, caregivers, and the general public$$$ Objectives Neurostimulation interventions often face heightened barriers limiting patient access. The objective of this study is to examine different stakeholders' perceived barriers to using different neurostimulation interventions for depression. Methods We administered national surveys with an embedded experiment to 4 nationwide samples of psychiatrists (n = 505), people diagnosed with depression (n = 1050), caregivers of people with depression (n = 1026), and members of the general public (n = 1022). We randomly assigned respondents to 1 of 8 conditions using a full factorial experimental design: 4 neurostimulation modalities (electroconvulsive therapy [ECT], repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation [rTMS], deep brain stimulation [DBS], or adaptive brain implants [ABIs]) by 2 depression severity levels (moderate or severe). We asked participants to rank from a list what they perceived as the top 3 barriers to using their assigned intervention. We analyzed the data with analysis of variance and logistic regression. Results Nonclinicians most frequently reported "limited evidence of the treatment's effectiveness"and "lack of understanding of intervention"as their top 2 most important practical barriers to using ECT and TMS, respectively. Compared with nonclinicians, psychiatrists were more likely to identify "stigma about treatment"for ECT and "lack of insurance coverage"for TMS as the most important barriers. Conclusions Overall, psychiatrists' perceptions of the most important barriers to using neurostimulation interventions were significantly different than those of nonclinicians. Perceived barriers were significantly different for implantable DBS and ABI) versus nonimplantable (rTMS and ECT) neurostimulation interventions. Better understanding of how these barriers vary by neurostimulation and stakeholder group could help us address structural and attitudinal barriers to effective use of these interventions.
Electroconvulsive therapy for the acute management of severe agitation in dementia (ECT-AD): A modified study protocol$$$ Objective This study began as a single-blind randomized controlled trial (RCT) to investigate the efficacy and safety of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for severe treatment-refractory agitation in advanced dementia. The aims are to assess agitation reduction using the Cohen-Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), evaluate tolerability and safety outcomes, and explore the long-term stability of agitation reduction and global functioning. Due to challenges encountered during implementation, including recruitment obstacles and operational difficulties, the study design was modified to an open-label format and other protocol amendments were implemented. Methods Initially, the RCT randomized participants 1:1 to either ECT plus usual care or simulated ECT plus usual care (S-ECT) groups. As patients were enrolled, data were collected from both ECT and simulated ECT (S-ECT) patients. The study now continues in an open-label study design where all patients receive actual ECT, reducing the targeted sample size from 200 to 50 participants. Results Study is ongoing and open to enrollment. Conclusion The transition of the ECT-AD study design from an RCT to open-label design exemplifies adaptive research methodologies in response to real-world challenges. Data from both the RCT and open-label phases of the study will provide a unique perspective on the role of ECT in managing severe treatment-refractory agitation in dementia, potentially influencing future clinical practices and research approaches.
Propofol enhancement of slow wave sleep to target the nexus of geriatric depression and cognitive dysfunction: Protocol for a phase i open label trial$$$ Introduction Late-life treatment-resistant depression (LL-TRD) is common and increases risk for accelerated ageing and cognitive decline. Impaired sleep is common in LL-TRD and is a risk factor for cognitive decline. Slow wave sleep (SWS) has been implicated in key processes including synaptic plasticity and memory. A deficiency in SWS may be a core component of depression pathophysiology. The anaesthetic propofol can induce electroencephalographic (EEG) slow waves that resemble SWS. Propofol may enhance SWS and oral antidepressant therapy, but relationships are unclear. We hypothesise that propofol infusions will enhance SWS and improve depression in older adults with LL-TRD. This hypothesis has been supported by a recent small case series. Methods and analysis SWIPED (Slow Wave Induction by Propofol to Eliminate Depression) phase I is an ongoing open-label, single-arm trial that assesses the safety and feasibility of using propofol to enhance SWS in older adults with LL-TRD. The study is enrolling 15 English-speaking adults over age 60 with LL-TRD. Participants will receive two propofol infusions 2-6 days apart. Propofol infusions are individually titrated to maximise the expression of EEG slow waves. Preinfusion and postinfusion sleep architecture are evaluated through at-home overnight EEG recordings acquired using a wireless headband equipped with dry electrodes. Sleep EEG recordings are scored manually. Key EEG measures include sleep slow wave activity, SWS duration and delta sleep ratio. Longitudinal changes in depression, suicidality and anhedonia are assessed. Assessments are performed prior to the first infusion and up to 10 weeks after the second infusion. Cognitive ability is assessed at enrolment and approximately 3 weeks after the second infusion. Ethics and dissemination The study was approved by the Washington University Human Research Protection Office. Recruitment began in November 2022. Dissemination plans include presentations at scientific conferences, peer-reviewed publications and mass media. Positive results will lead to a larger phase II randomised placebo-controlled trial. Trial registration number NCT04680910.
Non-pharmacological interventions for improving language and communication in people with primary progressive aphasia$$$ Background: Primary progressive aphasia (PPA) accounts for approximately 43% of frontotemporal dementias and is mainly characterised by a progressive impairment of speech and communication abilities. Three clinical variants have been identified: (a) non-fluent/agrammatic, (b) semantic, and (c) logopenic/phonological PPA variants. There is currently no curative treatment for PPA, and the disease progresses inexorably over time, with devastating effects on speech and communication ability, functional status, and quality of life. Several non-pharmacological interventions that may improve symptoms (e.g. different forms of language training and non-invasive brain stimulation) have been investigated in people with PPA. Objectives: To assess the effects of non-pharmacological interventions for people with PPA on word retrieval (our primary outcome), global language functions, cognition, quality of life, and adverse events. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Dementia and Cognitive Improvement Group's trial register, MEDLINE (Ovid SP), Embase (Ovid SP), four other databases and two other trial registers. The latest searches were run on 26 January 2024. Selection criteria: We included randomised controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the effects of non-pharmacological interventions in people with PPA. Data collection and analysis: We used standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results: There were insufficient data available to conduct the network meta-analyses that we had originally planned (due to trial data being insufficiently reported or not reported at all, as well as the heterogeneous content of the included interventions). Therefore, we provide a descriptive summary of the included studies and results. We included 10 studies, with a total of 132 participants, evaluating non-pharmacological interventions. These were: transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as stand-alone treatments (used by two and one studies, respectively); tDCS combined with semantic and phonological word-retrieval training (five studies); tDCS combined with semantic word-retrieval training (one study); and tDCS combined with phonological word-retrieval training (one study). Results for our primary outcome of word retrieval were mixed. For the two studies that investigated the effects of tDCS as stand-alone treatment compared to placebo ("sham") tDCS, we rated the results as having very low-certainty evidence. One study found a significant beneficial effect on word retrieval after active tDCS; one study did not report any significant effects in favour of the active tDCS group. Five studies investigated tDCS administered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, inferior frontal cortex, left frontotemporal region, or the temporoparietal cortex, combined with semantic and phonological word-retrieval training. The most consistent finding was enhancement of word-retrieval ability for trained items immediately after the intervention, when behavioural training was combined with active tDCS compared to behavioural training plus sham tDCS. We found mixed effects for untrained items and maintenance of treatment effects during follow-up assessments. We rated the certainty of the evidence as very low in all studies. One study investigated tDCS combined with semantic word-retrieval training. Training was provided across 15 sessions with a frequency of three to five sessions per week, depending on the personal preferences of the participants. tDCS targeted the left frontotemporal region. The study included three participants: two received 1 mA stimulation and one received 2 mA stimulation. The study showed mixed results. We rated it as very low-certainty evidence. One study investigated tDCS combined with phonological word-retrieval training. Training was again provided across 15 sessions over a period of three weeks. tDCS targeted the left inferior frontal gyrus. This study showed a significantly more pronounced improvement for trained and untrained words in favour of the group that had received active tDCS, but we rated the certainty of the evidence as very low. One study compared active rTMS applied to an individually determined target site to active rTMS applied to a control site (vertex) for effects on participants' word retrieval. This study demonstrated better word retrieval for active rTMS administered to individually determined target brain regions than in the control intervention, but we rated the results as having a very low certainty of evidence. Four studies assessed overall language ability, three studies assessed cognition, five studies assessed potential adverse effects of brain stimulation, and one study investigated quality of life. Authors' conclusions: There is currently no high-certainty evidence to inform clinical decision-making regarding non-pharmacological treatment selection for people with PPA. Preliminary evidence suggests that the combination of active tDCS with specific language therapy may improve impaired word retrieval for specifically trained items beyond the effects of behavioural treatment alone. However, more research is needed, including high-quality RCTs with detailed descriptions of participants and methods, and consideration of outcomes such as quality of life, depressive symptoms, and overall cognitive functioning. Moreover, studies assessing optimal treatments (i.e. behavioural interventions, brain stimulation interventions, and their combinations) for individual patients and PPA subtypes are needed. We were not able to conduct the planned (network) meta-analyses due to missing data that could not be obtained from most of the authors, a general lack of RCTs in the field, and heterogeneous interventions in eligible trials. Journals should implement a mandatory data-sharing requirement to assure transparency and accessibility of data from clinical trials.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Across Mental Disorders: A Systematic Review and Dose-Response Meta-Analysis$$$ Importance: Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) interventions have been shown to be efficacious in several mental disorders, but the optimal dose stimulation parameters for each disorder are unknown. Objective: To define NIBS dose stimulation parameters associated with the greatest efficacy in symptom improvement across mental disorders. Data Sources: Studies were drawn from an updated (to April 30, 2023) previous systematic review based on a search of PubMed, OVID, and Web of Knowledge. Study Selection: Randomized clinical trials were selected that tested transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) or transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for any mental disorder in adults aged 18 years or older. Data Extraction and Synthesis: Two authors independently extracted the data. A 1-stage dose-response meta-analysis using a random-effects model was performed. Sensitivity analyses were conducted to test robustness of the findings. This study followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) reporting guideline. Main Outcomes and Measures: The main outcome was the near-maximal effective doses of total pulses received for TMS and total current dose in coulombs for tDCS. Results: A total of 110 studies with 4820 participants (2659 men [61.4%]; mean [SD] age, 42.3 [8.8] years) were included. The following significant dose-response associations emerged with bell-shaped curves: (1) in schizophrenia, high-frequency (HF) TMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) for negative symptoms (χ2 = 9.35; df = 2; P =.009) and TMS on the left temporoparietal junction for resistant hallucinations (χ2 = 36.52; df = 2; P <.001); (2) in depression, HF-DLPFC TMS (χ2 = 14.49; df = 2; P <.001); (3) in treatment-resistant depression, LDLPFC tDCS (χ2 = 14.56; df = 2; P <.001); and (4) in substance use disorder, LDLPFC tDCS (χ2 = 33.63; df = 2; P <.001). The following significant dose-response associations emerged with plateaued or ascending curves: (1) in depression, low-frequency (LF) TMS on the right DLPFC (RDLPFC) with ascending curve (χ2 = 25.67; df = 2; P =.001); (2) for treatment-resistant depression, LF TMS on the bilateral DLPFC with ascending curve (χ2 = 5.86; df = 2; P =.004); (3) in obsessive-compulsive disorder, LF-RDLPFC TMS with ascending curve (χ2 = 20.65; df = 2; P <.001) and LF TMS on the orbitofrontal cortex with a plateaued curve (χ2 = 15.19; df = 2; P <.001); and (4) in posttraumatic stress disorder, LF-RDLPFC TMS with ascending curve (χ2 = 54.15; df = 2; P <.001). Sensitivity analyses confirmed the main findings. Conclusions and Relevance: The study findings suggest that NIBS yields specific outcomes based on dose parameters across various mental disorders and brain regions. Clinicians should consider these dose parameters when prescribing NIBS. Additional research is needed to prospectively validate the findings in randomized, sham-controlled trials and explore how other parameters contribute to the observed dose-response association..
ACCELERATED INTERMITTENT THETA-BURST STIMULATION TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION IS NOT MORE EFFECTIVE THAN SHAM FOR IMPROVING DEPRESSION AND ANXIETY SYMPTOMS IN PATIENTS WITH INFLAMMATORY BOWEL DISEASE: A RANDOMIZED, SHAM-CONTROLLED, PILOT TRIAL$$$ Introduction: Depression and anxiety are highly prevalent in patients with inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Intermittent theta-burst stimulation transcranial magnetic stimulation (iTBS) is a non-invasive neurostimulation treatment that is efficacious for major depressive disorder. Efforts to accelerate treatment effects involve delivering multiple treatments per day. We aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of accelerated iTBS in patients with IBD with depression and anxiety. Methods: We conducted a single-centre, randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded pilot trial comparing accelerated iTBS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to sham iTBS in adults (>18 years) with IBD. Eligible participants were required to be in endoscopic remission or biomarker remission and have a baseline Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) >11 and Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) >24. Participants were randomized 1:1 to two weeks of twice-daily iTBS or sham iTBS, and then followed to Week 6. The primary endpoint was change in MADRS score between treatment groups. Secondary outcomes included changes in other depression, anxiety, and symptom-based questionnaires, fecal microbiome composition, and serum inflammatory cytokines. Results: A total of 53 participants were screened and 11 participants were randomized. The trial was terminated early due to recruitment challenges. The mean MADRS score at enrolment was 26.9 in the sham group and 29.8 in the iTBS group (moderate-to-severe depressive symptoms). Reductions in total MADRS and HADS scores were observed in both participants receiving iTBS and sham (Figure 1), with the largest reduction observed from baseline to Week 1. iTBS did not significantly decrease the MADRS score compared to sham iTBS (difference between groups 0.21 [95% CI: -24.4, 29.3], p=0.97). Compared to sham, iTBS also did not significantly reduce the HADS score, 7-item Generalized Anxiety Disorder score, short-form IBDQ, or pain catastrophizing scale. There were no significant changes in serum cytokines between groups. Among participants receiving sham iTBS, there was an increased abundance of V. veillonella, observed in the stool samples from three participants. Conclusions: Accelerated iTBS was not better than sham for improving depression or anxiety symptoms in patients with IBD. Despite the substantial burden of symptoms experienced by this population, recruitment was challenging and the time commitment remained unacceptable to many otherwise eligible participants despite the accelerated design. Participants receiving sham had an improvement in depression and anxiety symptoms, highlighting potential benefits of behavioral activation in these patients. [figure presented]
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Non-convulsive Electric Shock in the Treatment of Depression: A Meta-analysis$$$ Background: Depression is an affective mental disorder that seriously endangers the physical and psychological health of human beings. This study attempted to systematically evaluate and compare the clinical efficacy and onset time of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and non-convulsive electroshock in the treatment of Depression through the method of evidence-based medicine. Methods: As of December 2022, we have selectively searched domestic and foreign databases by computer, including English databases PubMed, ScienceDir ETC (Elsevier), Embase, wiley, and Chinese databases HowNet (CNKI), Wanfang (WanFang), VIP (VIP), Chinese Medical Association, CBM (sinomed) Chinese biomedical literature database, etc., collected randomized controlled studies on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and non-convulsive electric shock in the treatment of Depression, and included 21 documents in total. Two researchers independently screened the literature, comprehensively evaluated the retrieved literature according to the established inclusion and exclusion criteria, extracted valid data, and used Review Manager 5.4 software for quantitative statistical analysis. The clinical effective rate and Hamilton depression Rating scale (Hamilton depression scale, HAMD) and onset time were used as outcome indicators for evaluation. Results: A total of 12 literatures were included in this study for Meta-analysis, involving a total of 678 subjects. The results of Meta-analysis showed that the HAMD score of the study group was higher than that of the control group after treatment, MD=2.01, 95%CI (0.59-3.68), P < .05; there was no statistically significant difference in clinical efficacy between the study group and the control group, OR = 0.88, 95%CI (0.31-1.92), Z = 1.16, P = .29; the onset time of the study group was shorter than that of the control group, MD = 2.01, 95%CI (0.59-3.68), Z = 3.31, P = .001. Conclusion: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is superior to non-convulsive electroconvulsive shock in the treatment of Depression. However, further research is needed to verify its long-term efficacy in the treatment of such diseases. Future studies could focus on investigating the sustainability of treatment effects, exploring potential predictors of treatment response, and comparing the cost-effectiveness of rTMS and NCES in clinical practice. Such research would provide valuable insights for optimizing treatment strategies for depression.
17. Predictors of Remission After Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Late-Life Depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment in patients with depression, yet treatment response remains variable. While previous work has identified predictors of remission in younger adults, relatively little data exists in late-life depression (LLD). Methods: Data from a randomized non-inferiority treatment trial comparing standard bilateral rTMS to bilateral theta burst stimulation (TBS) (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02998580) was analyzed. First, the association of individual variables with remission was evaluated using logistic regression to calculate odds ratios (OR) with corresponding 95% confidence intervals. Second, conditional inference tree (CIT) modeling was employed to confirm results and to establish hierarchical order and cutoff values for predictors. Results: 164 participants with LLD were included in this analysis. Lower baseline depression symptom severity (OR=0.91, CI 0.83-0.98), fewer prior antidepressant treatment failures (OR=0.76, CI 0.58-0.98), and higher global cognition (OR=1.13, CI 1.01-1.28) predicted remission following rTMS treatment. The model combining these predictors showed acceptable discriminative performance (c-index=0.692). The CIT predicted a higher likelihood of achieving remission for patients with a total score of 19 or lower on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, 1 or fewer prior antidepressant treatment failures, and a total score of 23 or higher on the Montreal Cognitive Assessment. Conclusions: Our results indicate that older adults with lower severity of depression, fewer antidepressant treatment failures, and higher global cognition benefit more from current forms of rTMS. The results suggest that there is potentially higher value in using rTMS earlier in the treatment pathway for depression in older adults. Funding Source: Canadian Institutes of Health Research Keywords: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), late-life depression, treatment-resistant depression, Prediction of Treatment Outcome
158. Personal History of Alcohol Use Predicts Antidepressant Efficacy of Ketamine$$$ Background: Antidepressant response to ketamine is greatest in patients with a family history of alcohol use disorder (AUD), however it remains unclear if this is true for a personal history of alcohol use. The purpose of this study is to confirm if an individual history of alcohol use can predict antidepressant response to ketamine. Methods: This was a retrospective cohort study of patients with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) that received intravenous ketamine. As a comparator, we also studied patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) at the same center. Depression was quantified using the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS), and alcohol use was quantified using the Alcohol Use Disorder Identification Test question 3 (AUDIT-3). Results: 178 patients completed the initial course of three ketamine treatments, and 1851 patients received at least 10 ECT treatments. With ketamine, history of greater alcohol use was associated with greater improvement in QIDS as demonstrated by a significant Group x Time interaction after the first three treatments (F(12,502)=2.25, p=0.0089), four treatments (F(16,632)=2.56, p=0.0007), and five treatments (F(20,757)=2.22, p=0.0016). This effect was not seen with ECT after 5 treatments (F(4,2283)=0.91, p=0.46), 10 treatments (F(8,3939)=1.63, p=0.11), or 20 treatments (F(16,7154)=1.50, p=0.09). There was a significant interaction after 15 treatments (F(12,5113)=1.93, p=0.027), although this did not survive multiple comparisons correction. Conclusions: A stronger personal history of alcohol use predicted greater antidepressant efficacy of ketamine. This may guide future precision medicine initiatives in interventional psychiatry when choosing between ketamine and ECT. Keywords: Ketamine, Alcohol Use Disorder, Major Depressive Disorder, Electroconvulsive Therapy
201. Antidepressant Class and Concurrent rTMS Outcomes in Major Depression: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an established treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). Evidence suggests that combining rTMS with antidepressant medication may improve treatment outcomes. The aim of this meta-analysis was to assess the clinical effects of antidepressant medication classes when initiated with adjunctive rTMS in MDD. Methods: Systematic searches were performed on MEDLINE, Embase, and PsycINFO from inception to March 2023 (PROSPERO registration: CRD42023418435). Randomized sham rTMS-controlled trials that initiated antidepressants and rTMS in MDD were included. A random-effects model with the DerSimonian and Laird method pooled standardized mean differences across studies. For dichotomous outcomes, the log Odds Ratio (OR) was pooled using the Mantel-Haenszel fixed-effects model. Cochran's Q test assessed heterogeneity. Analyses were conducted separately for antidepressant classes. The primary outcomes assessed changes in MDD symptom severity, response, and remission on formal depression scales in sham+SSRI/SNRI versus rTMS+SSRI/SNRI. Results: Only SSRIs and SNRIs had sufficient studies to include in the meta-analysis. 3422 articles were screened, resulting in 11 studies, involving 721 participants. For selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI): n=543, 63.5% female, mean[SD] age: 41.1[18.7] years, and for selective serotonin and norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (SNRI): n=178, 69.6% female, 54.1[2.5] years. rTMS+SSRIs led to significantly lower depression scores (SMD=-0.65, p=0.0002), higher response rates (OR=0.87, p=0.0008) and remission rates (OR=0.84, p=0.0046), than the sham group. rTMS+SNRIs was no better than SNRI alone. Heterogeneity was non-significant across all outcomes. Conclusions: The combination of rTMS with SSRIs led to superior antidepressant effects than SSRI alone, while there was no additive benefit for SNRIs. Funding Source: Donald T. Stuss Young Investigator Research Innovation Award, Harquail Centre for Neuromodulation Keywords: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), Depression, Meta-analysis, Antidepressants, Combination therapy
211. Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation (tACS) Augmentation: Synergy With Psychotherapy for the Treatment of Depression$$$ Background: Transcranial alternating current stimulation(tACS) modulates brain states and has significant potential to augment interventions for depression. Behavioral activation (BA) is an evidence-based therapy for major depressive disorder (MDD) that promotes reductions in symptoms even after a single-session. Despite the promise of these approaches, the combination of single-session BA and tACS has not yet been evaluated as a potential accelerated treatment for depression. Accordingly, this double-blind clinical trial examines whether tACS will increase the efficacy of single-session BA in individuals with MDD. Methods: Depression is assessed via the MINI, HAM-D, and IDAS. Participants complete a baseline and follow-up high-density EEG while they engage in a reward task to assess target engagement of the intervention. All participants undergo a 90-minute single-session of BA. Participants are randomized into one of two groups: 1) tACS with BA or 2)sham tACS with BA. A total of N=17 (Mage=33.64, SD=15.94) participants have completed the intervention to date. Preregistration at NCT05693922 Results: Paired samples t-tests of condition-blinded scores demonstrate significant reductions for both clinical and self-report measures of depression following a single session of BA(ps < 0.05; pretreatment: HAM-D M=18.6, SD=4.15, IDAS Depression M=60.25, SD=11.54; posttreatment: HAM-D: M=12.23, SD=4.90, IDAS Depression M=53.84, SD=15.19). Additionally, self-report of IDAS Well-Being significantly increased following treatment (p < 0.05). Unblinded group results will be presented at the conference. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first study to augment the impact of psychotherapy using tACS targeted at neural markers of depression. The current study serves as a template for future studies using more intensive combined interventions to treat depression. Keywords: tACS, Behavioral Activation Therapy, Depression
280. Acute Temporal Interference Stimulation of the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Patients With Depression: First Results of a Double-Blind Controlled Study$$$ Background: Depression is a widespread psychiatric disorder. The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, a key target in rTMS for treating depression, has been shown to regulate neuroactivity across multiple brain regions, notably the default mode network and subgenual anterior cingulate cortex. Temporal interference stimulation, an innovative neurostimulation approach with adjustable targets and frequencies, holds significant promise for depression treatment. Methods: Nine depression patients (two males, age 34.6±10 yrs) were recruited. All participants went through 10Hz temporal interference stimulation on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 20 minutes, six of whom finished a 0Hz sham stimulation. The order of two sessions was counterbalanced between participants and one week apart. Resting-state fMRI scanning, HAMD-6 scale, and emotional Stroop task were performed before and after the stimulation immediately. Functional connectivity between left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex/left subgenual anterior cingulate cortex and other regions were calculated. Paired/two-sample t-tests were performed on pre/post and stim/sham data respectively. Pearson correlation coefficients were computed for the functional connectivity of each region of interest and reaction times. Results: Significant functional connectivity pre/post (P=0.006) and stim/sham (P=0.009) change were found between subgenual anterior cingulate cortex and default mode network (RH_Default_Temp_3). Correlation between their baseline connectivity (with LH_Default_PFC_4) and the improvement of reaction times were significant (r=-0.82, P=0.023). No significant change in HAMD-6 was found. Conclusions: Acute temporal interference stimulation yielded comparable neural and behavioral effects to rTMS, with no discernible impact on HAMD-6 scores. This non-invasive and well-tolerated method presents promise for modulating brain activity in depression, yet requires additional investigation for clinical efficacy. Funding Source: Pudong New Area Health Committee Excellent Young Medical Talents Training Program Project (PWRq2021-31) Keywords: Temporal Interference Stimulation, Brain Stimulation, Depression, fMRI, DLPFC
153. Electroconvulsive Therapy Changes the Emotional Impact of Learning Signals in Patients With Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is efficacious for patients with treatment-resistant depression. However, the neurobehavioral mechanisms underlying depression and successful treatments are unknown. Prior work suggests changes in learning mechanisms (e.g., reward and punishment prediction error signaling) may underlie effective depression treatments, but the mechanisms connecting these learning signals and emotional experience (and how these processes are affected in depression) remain unclear. Methods: We investigated the neurobehavioral effects of ECT using a computational psychiatric approach. We recruited patients with treatment-resistant depression who consented to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT cohort: N=21) and participants with or without a current depression diagnosis (non-ECT cohort: N=36; control cohort: N=38). All participants completed two research visits matched to the ECT treatment timeline. During each visit, participants performed a probabilistically reinforced decision-making task with randomized probes of emotional experience and fMRI. We fit computational models to participant choice behavior. The resulting parameters quantified the neurobehavioral dynamics relating learning and choice behavior to emotional experience. Results: Model parameters classify (with 99% accuracy) the identity of the ECT cohort, non-ECT cohort, and control cohort participants at visit 1. After ECT (visit 2), ECT cohort parameters and associated emotional responses to feedback shift towards the control state. Associated blood-oxygen-level-dependent responses suggest that changes in the insula, right frontal operculum, and right medial prefrontal cortex underlie observed changes. Conclusions: Computational models that characterize neurobehavioral dynamics in patients with depression may provide precise individual-difference-level biomarkers for treatment effects and overall treatment efficacy. Funding Source: NIH R01DA048096; NIH R01MH121099; NIH R01MH124115; NCTIC Keywords: Electroconvulsive Therapy - ECT, treatment-resistant depression, affective neuroscience, Reinforcement learning, Functional MRI
268. Subcallosal Cingulate Deep Brain Stimulation for Depression: Long-Term Safety and Effectiveness Outcomes From a Pooled Analysis of 172 Patients$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has been investigated clinically for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) using various brain targets. Long-term follow-up (LTFU) data from BROADEN, a randomized controlled trial investigating subcallosal cingulate (SCC) DBS for TRD, demonstrated sustained improvement in depressive symptoms, prompting further investigation of DBS as a therapeutic option. Methods: Data from 5 studies, including BROADEN, were used to evaluate the long-term safety and effectiveness of SCC DBS for TRD. Effectiveness measures included percent change in HDRS-17 and MADRS, responder rate, and remission rate up to 5 years after turning on stimulation. Sensitivity analyses were performed to evaluate robustness of the results, and adverse events were summarized. Results: 172 subjects were implanted in 5 studies conducted in 5 countries. Subjects averaged 47.9 years of age, 8.1 years in the current depressive episode, and 88% had tried electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The average MADRS reduction was 43% at 12 months and 51% at 18 months post-device activation, with responder rates of 46% and 52%, respectively. Observed case and sensitivity analyses for both MADRS and HDRS-17 showed a significant reduction in depressive symptoms at each follow-up visit. Safety data included 151 subjects with 523 patient-years. The incidence of suicide was 0.55 per 100 patient-years. Conclusions: Continuous improvement in depressive symptoms was observed for the first year of SCC DBS, with sustained antidepressant effects throughout the follow-up period. While several limitations may impact the validity of these findings, SCC DBS has the possibility to provide a safe and durable treatment for TRD. Funding Source: Four of the five studies were sponsor-supported studies (Abbott Laboratories), and the fifth study was an investigator-supported study with devices provided by Abbott. Keywords: treatment-resistant depression, Deep Brain Stimulation, Clinical Trials, Meta-analysis
233. Predictors of Treatment Response to Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Retrospective Clinical Cohort Study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is widely used for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). While rTMS has an approximately 40% efficacy for TRD, there are many potential factors that contribute to who may or may not respond positively. Understanding the predictors of treatment response may lead to better patient selection and ultimately higher efficacy rates. Methods: Patients with TRD (N=210) who underwent rTMS treatment at the UCSD Interventional Psychiatry clinical program between 2017 and 2023 were identified, and their clinical, demographic, and treatment parameters, including the rTMS protocol, the number of treatment sessions, and depression scores as assessed by the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ) were extracted from EPIC electronic medical records. Elastic net regression, support vector machine, random forest (RF), and gradient boosted machines (GBM) were implemented to predict treatment response (defined as 50% reduction in symptom scores) and absolute post-treatment PHQ score from patient predictors using nested cross-validation. Model performance was assessed by receiver operator characteristics, as well as variable importance. Results: Ninety-two patients (44%) responded to rTMS. GBM performed best for treatment response prediction (AUC=67.6%), with body mass index (BMI), anti-depressant (AD) medication burden, baseline PHQ, and comorbid anxiety disorder as the four predictors of highest importance. For post-treatment PHQ scores, RF performed best (R2=15.5%), with baseline PHQ scores, BMI, age, and AD burden as the top predictors. Conclusions: Clinical improvement after rTMS in TRD may be associated with age, BMI, anxiety, and AD medication burden, representing important individual features to examine when allocating rTMS. Keywords: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), predictive biomarkers, treatment-resistant depression
Symptom Specific TMS Targets for Depression and Anxiety: A Randomized, Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Retrospective analyses of causal neuroimaging data suggest that “dysphoric” versus “anxiosomatic” depressive symptoms preferentially respond to different TMS targets within the prefrontal cortex (PFC). However, symptom-specific modulation has never been tested prospectively. Methods: In this double-blind randomized controlled trial, 31 individuals with comorbid depression and anxiety received 6 weeks (30 treatments) of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using traditional parameters (e.g., 10Hz frequency, 3000 pulses per treatment). Participants were randomly assigned to receive MRI-based neuronavigated rTMS at the “dysphoric” target in dorsolateral PFC or the “anxiosomatic” target in dorsomedial PFC. Participants and raters were blinded to group assignment. Our primary outcome measure was the rank-transformed ratio of Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) to Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) at the end of the treatment course. Recruitment is 90% complete and data will be locked and unblinded on January 1, 2024. Blinded interim analyses are presented here. Results: Interim analyses revealed a significant difference in BAI improvement between Group 1 (n=18, 17.4 points, SD 10.0) and Group 2 (n=13, 10.1 points, SD 11.5) by Wilcoxon rank-sum test (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference in BDI improvement between Group 1 (18.3 points, SD 13.2) and Group 2 (14.2 points, SD 11.5) (p=0.37). The primary outcome measure of rank-transformed ratio of BDI to BAI was significant between Group 1 (1.2) and Group 2 (0.5) (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Our preliminary results represent the first prospective evidence that it may be possible to modulate “anxiosomatic” versus “dysphoric” symptoms of depression with different prefrontal TMS targets. Funding Source: Brain and Behavior Research Foundation Young Investigator Grants, Baszucki Brain Research Fund, Department of Veterans Affairs (I01CX002293), and the NIH (K23MH129829, K23MH121657, R21MH126271, R01MH113929). Keywords: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), Brain Stimulation, Functional Connectivity, Depression, Anxiety
Subject-Specific Resting-State Functional Connectivity to Personalize rTMS Interventions In Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) as a non-invasive treatment option for major depressive disorder (MDD). Nevertheless, there is a notable degree of inter-individual variability concerning clinical improvement. This RCT aimed to investigate the possibility of optimizing clinical outcomes by tailoring the stimulation sites within the left DLPFC based on individual resting-state functional connectivity information. Methods: We conducted a quadruple-blind, sham-controlled crossover randomized trial. Out of 125 clinically depressed MDD patients, 75 (33 women) received accelerated iTBS. Participants were randomly assigned those receiving personalized stimulation sites, determined by identifying the strongest negative functional connectivity between the left DLPFC and the DMN for each participant, or those who received fixed stimulation site at the F3 position of the 10-20 EEG cap. Clinical improvement was assessed by MADRS scores using ANOVA and linear mixed models. Results: While iTBS proved effective in overall reduction of MADRS scores (p < 0.001), there were no significant differences between the personalized and F3 stimulation groups before (p = 0.494) or after (p = 0.490) treatment. Interestingly, concurrent usage of psychotropic medication (p = 0.363) and refractoriness to antidepressants (p = 0.980) did not emerge as relevant factors, as indicated by the linear mixed model. Conclusions: The personalized approach did not yield the anticipated maximization of future treatment success in the most extensive RCT conducted to date with the goal of prospectively assessing the clinical benefits of tailoring stimulation sites according to subject-specific resting-state functional connectivity. Additional aspects may need to be considered when striving to enhance clinical outcomes. Funding Source: German Federal Ministry of Education and Research, BMBF: 01 ZX 1507, ‘‘PreNeSt - e:Med’’ Keywords: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), Resting-State Functional Connectivity, Personalized Treatment
157. Individual Prediction of Optimal Treatment Allocation Between Electroconvulsive Therapy or Ketamine Using the Personalized Advantage Index$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and ketamine are two effective treatments for depression with similar efficacy; however, individual patient outcomes may be improved by models that predict optimal treatment assignment. Here, we adapt the Personalized Advantage Index (PAI) algorithm using machine learning to predict optimal treatment assignment between ECT and ketamine using medical record data from a large, naturalistic patient cohort. We hypothesized that patients who received a treatment predicted to be optimal would have significantly better treatment outcomes compared to those who received a non-optimal treatment. Methods: Data on 2526 ECT and 235 ketamine patients was aggregated. Depressive symptoms were measured using the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS) before and during acute treatment. Patients were matched between treatments on pretreatment QIDS, age, inpatient status, and psychotic symptoms using a 1:1 ratio yielding a sample of 470 patients (n=235 per treatment). Random forest models were trained and predicted differential patientwise minimum QIDS scores achieved during treatment (min-QIDS) scores for ECT and ketamine using pretreatment patient measures. Analysis of Shapley Additive exPlanations (SHAP) values identified predictors of differential outcomes between treatments. Results: Twenty-seven percent of patients with the largest PAI scores who received a treatment predicted optimal had significantly lower min-QIDS scores compared to those who received a non-optimal treatment (mean difference=1.6, t=2.38, q < 0.05, Cohen’s D=0.36). Analysis of SHAP values identified prescriptive pretreatment measures. Conclusions: Patients assigned to an optimal treatment had significantly better treatment outcomes. Our model identified pretreatment patient factors captured in medical records that can provide interpretable and actionable guidelines treatment selection. Funding Source: R00 MH119314 Keywords: Ketamine, Electroconvulsie therapy, Individualized Treatment, explainable machine learning, Precision psychiatry
105. Enhancing Affective Cognitive Control in Bipolar Disorder Using Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation (tACS): Preliminary Evidence From a Randomized, Sham-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Cognitive control in affective contexts is compromised in individuals with bipolar disorder (BD), contributing to mood lability and impaired functioning. EEG studies show that frontal theta-gamma phase-amplitude coupling (PAC) is a key neural mechanism supporting cognitive control and is significantly reduced in BD during socio-emotional processing. Emerging data suggest that tACS targeting theta-gamma PAC can improve cognitive control in healthy and aging humans, so we tested this hypothesis in a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled pilot in BD. Methods: Fifteen individuals with BD completed the randomized cross-over study with active and sham (12s ramp up then down) tACS spaced by a week. Theta-nested gamma tACS was delivered via 5 electrodes over the left frontal area in six 5-minute blocks during an Emotion Go-NoGo task. EEG was recorded during seven 2-minute resting blocks interleaved with the stimulation blocks. Theta-gamma PAC and behavioral performance were compared between sham and active conditions using paired-samples t-tests. Results: Participants’ subjective ratings of cognitive improvement (p=.73) and side effects (p=.66) were equal following active and sham stimulations, suggesting effective blinding and good tolerability respectively. Theta-gamma PAC was stronger in active vs. sham conditions (Cohen’s d = 0.49, p=.051). Behavioral performance, such as discriminant sensitivity and response bias, showed improvements in active vs. sham, although the effects were small (Cohen’s d’s = 0.20-0.23, p >.20). Conclusions: Preliminary results demonstrate promise of tACS in modulating theta-gamma PAC and improving affective cognitive control in BD. Future studies should examine dose-response relationships and explore parameters for personalization to maximize effects. Funding Source: Baszucki Brain Research Fund Keywords: Bipolar Disorder, Non-invasive Brain Stimulation, Cognitive Control, Neural Oscillations, Randomized clinical trial
Systematic review and meta-analysis: Combining transcranial magnetic stimulation or direct current stimulation with pharmacotherapy for treatment of substance use disorders$$$ Background and Objectives: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have evidence for their potential in the treatment of substance use disorders (SUD). Medication for addiction treatment (MAT) is underutilized and not always effective. We identified randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and case studies that evaluated the effectiveness of TMS or tDCS used concurrently with MAT in SUD treatment. Methods: A systematic review of published literature following Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines was conducted on 6/1/2023 by a medical librarian. Craving-related scales were extracted for an effect size calculation. The Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) scale assessed study quality. Results: Eight studies (7 RCT, 1 case) including 253 individuals were published from 2015 to 2022, 5 of which had available data for meta-analysis. TMS or tDCS combined with MAT significantly reduced craving-related measures relative to sham stimulation (Hedges' g = −0.42, confidence interval: −0.73 to −0.11, p <.01). Opioid use disorder, methadone, and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex were the most commonly studied SUD, MAT, and target region. Discussion and Conclusions: Our results show a significant effect; however, is limited by a small number of studies with heterogeneous methodology across intervention methods and SUDs. Additional trials are needed to fully assess the clinical impact and mechanisms of combined brain stimulation and pharmacotherapy. We discuss a possible mechanism for synergism from these treatment combinations. Scientific Significance: Adds the first systematic review of combination treatment with TMS or tDCS and MAT in SUD patients to the literature and estimates its overall effect size.
Neuromodulation for Treatment of Tinnitus: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: To evaluate the treatment efficacy of neuromodulation versus sham for the treatment of tinnitus. Data Sources: Cochrane Library, CINAHL, PubMed, Scopus. Review Methods: The Cochrane Library, CINAHL, PubMed, and Scopus were searched from inception through May 2023 for English language articles documenting “neuromodulation” and “tinnitus” stratified by sham-controlled randomized control trials with 40 or more patients. Data collected included Beck Anxiety Inventory, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI), Tinnitus Questionnaire, and Visual Analog Scale. A Meta-analysis of continuous measures (mean) and proportions (%) were conducted. Results: A total of 19 randomized control trials (N = 1186) were included. The mean age was 48.4 ± 5.3 (range: 19-74), mean duration of tinnitus was 3.8 ± 3.4 years, 61% [56.2-65.7] male, and 55.7% [46-65] with unilateral tinnitus. The short-term effect of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation on THI score is −16.2 [−23.1 to −9.3] and −19 [−30.1 to −7.8], respectively. The long-term effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on THI score is −8.6 [−11.5 to −5.7]. Transcranial direct current stimulation decreases BDI score by −11.8 [−13.3 to −10.3]. Conclusion: As measured by the Tinnitus Handicap Index, our findings suggest the effects of transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation reach significant benefit in the short term, whereas repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation reaches significant benefit in the long term. Based on the BDI, transcranial direct current stimulation significantly reduces comorbid depression in patients with tinnitus.
Assessing the synergistic effectiveness of intermittent theta burst stimulation and the vestibular ocular reflex rehabilitation protocol in the treatment of Mal de Debarquement Syndrome: a randomised controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Mal de Debarquement Syndrome (MdDS) is a rare central vestibular disorder characterised by a constant sensation of motion (rocking, swaying, bobbing), which typically arises after motion experiences (e.g. sea, air, and road travel), though can be triggered by non-motion events. The current standard of care is non-specific medications and interventions that only result in mild-to-moderate improvements. The vestibular ocular reflex (VOR) rehabilitation protocol, a specialised form of rehabilitation, has shown promising results in reducing symptoms amongst people with MdDS. Accumulating evidence suggests that it may be possible to augment the effects of VOR rehabilitation via non-invasive brain stimulation protocols, such as theta burst stimulation (TBS). Methods: The aim of this randomised controlled trial was to evaluate the effectiveness of intermittent TBS (iTBS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in enhancing the effectiveness of a subsequently delivered VOR rehabilitation protocol in people with MdDS. Participants were allocated randomly to receive either Sham (n = 10) or Active (n = 10) iTBS, followed by the VOR rehabilitation protocol. Subjective outcome measures (symptom ratings and mental health scores) were collected 1 week pre-treatment and for 16 weeks post-treatment. Posturography (objective outcome) was recorded each day of the treatment week. Results: Significant improvements in subjective and objective outcomes were reported across both treatment groups over time, but no between-group differences were observed. Discussion: These findings support the effectiveness of the VOR rehabilitation protocol in reducing MdDS symptoms. Further research into iTBS is required to elucidate whether the treatment has a role in the management of MdDS. TRN: ACTRN12619001519145 (Date registered: 04 November 2019).
Effectiveness of Combined Treatment of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Treatment as Usual on Depression, Anxiety and Anger in Adolescents with Bipolar Disorder$$$ Objectives: Bipolar disorder (BD) is a prevalent psychological disorder associated with depressive symptoms. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a portable and non-invasive technique for brain stimulation. The present study was conducted to determine the effectiveness of the combined treatment of tDCS and routine medication on the symptoms of depression, anxiety, and anger in BD adolescents. Methods: In this double-blind randomized clinical trial study, forty adolescents with BD referred to the outpatient clinic of child and psychiatry of Golestan Ahvaz Teaching Hospital were included. Eligible patients aged 12 - 18 years were randomly divided into 2 groups receiving routine medications plus active tDCS (intervention group) or routine medications plus sham tDCS (control group). Transcranial direct current stimulation intervention with an intensity of 2 mA was applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in two sessions for 20 minutes each day, for 5 consecutive days. Data were collected at baseline, one week, and one month after the start of the intervention using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-21), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HDRS), and State-Trait Anger Expression Inventory. Results: Based on our findings, age and gender were not considerably different between the two groups (P = 0.592, P = 0.1, respectively). In both groups, scores of depression (control: 12.25 ± 3.97, intervention: 0.75 ± 1.44, mean [SD]), anxiety (13.55 ± 2.58, 25.0 ± 0.55), and anger (52.65 ± 8.27, 47.25 ± 4.86) improved significantly one month after treatment (P < 0.0001). After one month of treatment, the severity of bipolar symptoms in the intervention group (slightly: 10%, moderately: 50%, and markedly: 40%) improved significantly compared to the control group (slightly: 15%, moderately: 10%, and markedly: 0%) (P < 0.0001). The improvement rate of HDRS in the intervention group was 81.29% and 95.24% at one week and one month after treatment, while these values were 8.41% and 23.04% in the control group, respectively (P < 0.0001). All patients tolerated the treatment well without serious side effects. There was no significant difference between the side effects observed in both groups (P = 0.185). Conclusions: The combination of tDCS with routine medications can reduce depressive symptoms and improve bipolar symptoms. Therefore, tDCS add-on could be an effective, safe, and tolerable intervention for bipolar depression.
Neuronavigated Right Orbitofrontal 20 Hz Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Augmentation for Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder with Comorbid Depression and Anxiety Disorders: An Open-Label Study$$$ Background: Despite the availability of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy for treating obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD), alternative approaches need to be explored due to the high likelihood of treatment resistance. Neuronavigated 20 Hz theta burst stimulation (TBS-20 Hz), targeting the bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) augmented with the right orbitofrontal cortex (ROFC), was tested for treating OCD comorbid with depression and anxiety disorders. Methods: A retrospective chart review was performed on fourteen patients treated for moderate-to-severe OCD in a private outpatient clinic. Twelve patients had comorbid major depressive disorder (MDD), and thirteen patients had either generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) or panic disorder (PD). Patients completed the Y-BOCS-SR, BDI-II, and BAI rating scales weekly, which were used to measure the changes in OCD, depression, and anxiety symptoms, respectively. Results: Neuronavigated TBS-20 Hz was sequentially applied to the right DLPFC (RDLPFC), left DLPFC (LDLPFC), and ROFC. A total of 64% (9/14) of patients achieved remission from OCD (Y-BOCS-SR ≤ 14) in an average of 6.1 weeks of treatment (SD = 4.0). A total of 58% (7/12) of patients remitted from MDD (BDI < 13) in an average of 4.1 weeks (SD = 2.8), and 62% (8/13) of patients remitted from GAD/PD (BAI < 8) in an average of 4.3 weeks (SD = 2.5). Conclusions: The neuronavigated TBS-20 Hz sequential stimulation of RDLPFC and LDLPFC, followed by ROFC, significantly reduced OCD, MDD, and GAD/PD symptoms. Randomized sham controls are warranted to validate these results.
Impact of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Cognitive and Psychiatric Dysfunction in Patients with Fibromyalgia: A Double-Blinded, Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Few randomized controlled trials have reported that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has controversial results for managing multiple domains of fibromyalgia-related symptoms. This work aimed to evaluate the effect of low-frequency rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal area (DLPFC) on the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) concerning psychiatric and cognitive disorders. Forty-two eligible patients with fibromyalgia (FM) were randomized to have 20 sessions of active or sham rTMS (1 Hz, 120% of resting motor threshold with a total of 1200 pules/session) over the right DLPFC. All participants were evaluated at baseline, post sessions, and 3 months after sessions with the FIQ, Hamilton depression, and anxiety rating scales (HDRS and HARS), Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (RAVLT), Tower of London test (TOL), the Trail Making, and Digit Span Tests. Both groups showed improvement in most rating scales at 1 and 3 months follow-up, with greater improvement in the active group, with significant correlation between FIQ cognitive rating scales, including RAVLT and TOL. Twenty sessions of low-frequency rTMS over the right DLPFC can improve FIQ scores regarding the psychiatric and cognitive symptoms of medicated patients with FM to a greater extent than sham. Changes in RAVLT and TOL correlated with changes in FIQ results.
A Case Series Study of Weekly or Fortnightly Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) in Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is frequently chronic and relapsing. The use of maintenance or continuation transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has received clinical and some research support. Objective: To conduct a case series study to report the outcomes of once-weekly (OW) or once-fortnightly (OF) continuation TMS in a real-life setting. Methods: We offered OW or OF TMS sessions to patients with MDD in remission or partial remission/relapse. Results: Ten patients received OW TMS and four received OF TMS, for 8 to 46 weeks. No patients in either group who were in remission or partial remission at baseline experienced a relapse. Improvements in HAMD6 and CGI-S scores were statistically significant or of borderline significance for the total sample and the OW group. Conclusions: This naturalistic, open-label observational study indicates that OW TMS is effective as maintenance therapy in MDD, while also offering some support for OF TMS maintenance in preventing relapse.
No Consistent Antidepressant Effects of Deep Brain Stimulation of the Bed Nucleus of the Stria Terminalis$$$ Background: Applying deep brain stimulation (DBS) to several brain regions has been investigated in attempts to treat highly treatment-resistant depression, with variable results. Our initial pilot data suggested that the bed nucleus of the stria terminalis (BNST) could be a promising therapeutic target. Objective: The aim of this study was to gather blinded data exploring the efficacy of applying DBS to the BNST in patients with highly refractory depression. Method: Eight patients with chronic severe treatment-resistant depression underwent DBS to the BNST. A randomised, double-blind crossover study design with fixed stimulation parameters was followed and followed by a period of open-label stimulation. Results: During the double-blind crossover phase, no consistent antidepressant effects were seen with any of the four stimulation parameters applied, and no patients achieved response or remission criteria during the blinded crossover phase or during a subsequent period of three months of blinded stimulation. Stimulation-related side effects, especially agitation, were reported by a number of patients and were reversible with adjustment of the stimulation parameters. Conclusions: The results of this study do not support the application of DBS to the BNST in patients with highly resistant depression or ongoing research utilising stimulation at this brain site. The blocked randomised study design utilising fixed stimulation parameters was poorly tolerated by the participants and does not appear suitable for assessing the efficacy of DBS at this location.
Clinical efficacy of adjunctive esketamine anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorders: A pragmatic, randomized, controlled trial$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression, and esketamine has been shown to have antidepressant effects. However, it is currently unclear whether adjunctive esketamine can enhance the clinical efficacy of ECT in real-world clinical practice. In this pragmatic clinical trial, patients with major depression were randomly assigned into two groups: patients received 0.25 mg/kg esketamine plus propofol (esketamine group) or the same volume of saline (control group) plus propofol. Results indicated that there was no difference in response and remission rates between the two groups. However, patients receiving esketamine had a higher remission rate of SI and lower psychotic scores. Patients receiving esketamine also required a lower electric dose, but the seizure duration and cognitive function were comparable between the two groups. Diastolic blood pressure increased after esketamine injection, but there was no increased risk of hypertension. Furthermore, incidence of delirium and confusion were comparable between the groups. Conclusively, adjunctive esketamine anesthesia does not provide any advantage in improving the response and remission rates of ECT. However, it can improve remission of SI and alleviate accompanying psychotic symptoms in depressive patients. With adjunctive usage, the adverse cardiovascular and neuropsychiatric events associated with esketamine appear to be tolerable.
Virtual Reality and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a common psychiatric disorder that is particularly difficult to treat in military veterans. Noninvasive brain stimulation has significant potential as a novel treatment to reduce PTSD symptoms. Objective: To test whether active transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) plus virtual reality (VR) is superior to sham tDCS plus VR for warzone-related PTSD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This double-blind randomized clinical trial was conducted among US military veterans enrolled from April 2018 to May 2023 at a secondary care Department of Veterans Affairs hospital and included 1- and 3-month follow-up visits. Participants included US military veterans with chronic PTSD and warzone-related exposure, recruited via referral and advertisement. Patients in psychiatric treatment had to be on a stable regimen for at least 6 weeks to be eligible for enrollment. Data were analyzed from May to September 2023. Intervention: Participants were randomly assigned to receive 2-mA anodal tDCS or sham tDCS targeted to the ventromedial prefrontal cortex, during six 25-minute sessions of standardized warzone VR exposure, delivered over 2 to 3 weeks. Main Outcomes and Measures: The co-primary outcomes were self-reported PTSD symptoms, measured via the PTSD checklist for DSM-5 (PCL-5), alongside quality of life. Other outcomes included psychophysiological arousal, clinician-assessed PTSD, depression, and social/occupational function. Results: A total of 54 participants (mean [SD] age, 45.7 [10.5] years; 51 [94%] males) were assessed, including 26 in the active tDCS group and 28 in the sham tDCS group. Participants in the active tDCS group reported a superior reduction in self-reported PTSD symptom severity at 1 month (t = -2.27, P =.02; Cohen d = -0.82). There were no significant differences in quality of life between active and sham tDCS groups. Active tDCS significantly accelerated psychophysiological habituation to VR events between sessions compared with sham tDCS (F5,7689.8= 4.65; P <.001). Adverse effects were consistent with the known safety profile of the corresponding interventions. Conclusions and Relevance: These findings suggest that combined tDCS plus VR may be a promising strategy for PTSD reduction and underscore the innovative potential of these combined technologies. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03372460.
TDCS for parkinson‘s disease disease-related pain: A randomized trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on Parkinson's disease (PD)-related pain. Methods: This triple-blind randomized controlled trial included twenty-two patients (age range 38–85, 10 male) with PD-related pain. Eleven subjects received ten sessions of 20 minutes tDCS over the primary motor cortex contralateral to pain at 2 mA intensity. Eleven subjects received sham stimulation. Outcome measures included changes in the Kinǵs Parkinsońs Pain Scale (KPPS), Brief Pain Inventory (BPI), widespread mechanical hyperalgesia (WMH), temporal summation of pain (TS), and conditioned pain modulation (CPM). Results: Significant differences were found in KPPS between groups favoring the active-tDCS group compared to the sham-tDCS group at 15-days follow-up (p = 0.014) but not at 2 days post-intervention (p = 0.059). The active-group showed significant improvements over the sham-group after 15 days (p = 0.017). Significant changes were found in CPM between groups in favor of active-tDCS group at 2 days post-intervention (p = 0.002) and at 15 days (p = 0.017). No meaningful differences were observed in BPI or TS. Conclusions: tDCS of the primary motor cortex alleviates perceived PD-related pain, reduces pain sensitization, and enhances descending pain inhibition. Significance: This is the first study to test and demonstrate the use of tDCS for improving PD-related pain.
A comprehensive overview of post-stroke depression treatment options$$$ Nearly one-third of all stroke patients develop depression at any time after a stroke, and its presence is associated with unfavorable outcomes. This narrative review aims to provide a synopsis of possible pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment modalities for post-stroke depression (PSD). Several studies have demonstrated the efficacy and safety of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in treating the symptoms of this clinical condition. The treatment of PSD has been recently enhanced by innovative approaches, such as cognitive-behavioral therapy, virtual reality, telehealth, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, and non-conventional therapies, which might improve depression treatment in stroke survivors. Future high-quality randomized controlled trials are necessary to confirm this hypothesis.
Safety and efficacy of repetitive stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex using transcranial focused ultrasound in treatment-resistant depressed patients: A non-inferiority randomized controlled trial protocol$$$ Background: About 30% of patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder fail with the mainstream pharmacological treatment. Patients who do not achieve clinical remission of symptoms, even with two different antidepressants, are classified with treatment-resistant depression (TDR). This condition imposes an additional burden with increased Disability Adjusted Life Years. Therefore, complementary treatments, such as neuromodulation, are necessary. The transcranial focused ultrasound (tFUS) has emerged in the past few years as a reliable method for non-invasive neuromodulation in humans and may help treat TRD. This study aims to propose a research protocol for a non-inferiority randomized clinical trial of TDR with tFUS. Methods: Patients with documented TRD will be screened upon entering the TRD outpatient clinic at UFMG (Brazil). One hundred patients without a clinical history of other psychiatric illness, anatomical abnormalities on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), or treatment with electroconvulsive therapy will be invited to participate. Patients will be randomized (1:1) into two groups: 1) treatment with a previously established protocol of transcranial magnetic stimulation; and 2) treatment with a similar protocol using the stimulation. Besides regular consultations in the outpatient clinic, both groups will attend 7 protocolled spaced days of brain stimulation targeted at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. They will also be submitted to 4 sessions of image studies (2 MRIs, 2 positron-emission tomography), 3 of neuropsychological assessments (at baseline, 1 week and 2 months after treatment), the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale to analyze the severity of depressive symptoms. Discussion: This clinical trial intends to verify the safety and clinical efficacy of tFUS stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex of patients with TRD, compared with a previously established neuromodulation method.
Efficacy and safety of low-dose amisulpride versus olanzapine-fluoxetine combination in post-schizophrenic depression: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Post-schizophrenic depression (PSD) increases the morbidity, mortality, and health burden in patients with schizophrenia. However, treatment of PSD is challenging due to the lack of substantial evidence of standard clinical practice. This study was aimed at comparing the efficacy and safety of low-dose amisulpride versus olanzapine-fluoxetine combination (OFC) in PSD. This was a randomized controlled trial conducted in sixty patients with PSD fulfilling the eligibility criteria. Recruited patients were randomized to receive either amisulpride at low dose (i.e., 100–300 mg/day) or OFC (5/10 mg + 20 mg) for eight weeks. The Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia (CDSS), the Clinical Global Impression-Severity (CGI-S) and serum BDNF levels were assessed at baseline and after eight weeks of treatment. The change in the CDSS scores from baseline over eight weeks was significant in both the amisulpride and OFC groups. However, the changes were not significant when compared between the groups. Similarly, the changes in CGI-S scores and serum BDNF levels were significant in each group; but non-significant between the groups. A significant negative correlation was found between the changes in the CDSS scores and the serum BDNF levels in each group. No significant adverse events were noted in either group. Thus, to conclude, low-dose amisulpride can be a potential monotherapy in PSD with a favourable clinical outcome and safety profile (ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT04876521).
A randomized controlled trial of intermittent theta burst stimulation to the medial prefrontal cortex for tobacco use disorder: Clinical efficacy and safety$$$ Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of administering intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) to the medial prefrontal cortex for tobacco use disorder. Methods: A randomized sham-controlled trial was conducted, with 38 participants receiving 28 sessions of active (n=25) or sham (n=13) iTBS (2 sessions/day, 600 pulses/session, 110% resting motor threshold, AFz target) along with smoking cessation education (Forever Free © booklets) over 14 visits. Primary outcomes included self-reported cigarette consumption and abstinence, verified by urinary cotinine tests. Secondary outcomes included symptoms of tobacco use disorder, negative mood, and safety/tolerability. Results: Both active and sham groups reported reduced cigarette consumption (β = −0.12, p = 0.015), cigarette craving (β = −0.16, p = 0.002), and tobacco withdrawal symptoms (β = −0.05, p < 0.001). However, there were no significant time x group interaction effects for any measure. Similarly, the two groups had no significant differences in urinary cotinine-verified abstinence. Adverse events occurred with similar frequency in both groups. Conclusion: There were no differences in cigarette consumption between the active and sham iTBS groups, both groups decreased cigarette consumption similarly. Further research is needed to compare iTBS to standard high-frequency rTMS and explore the potential differences in efficacy. Despite limitations, this study contributes to experimental design considerations for TMS as a novel intervention for tobacco and other substance use disorders, emphasizing the need for a more comprehensive understanding of the stimulation parameters and target sites.
Targeting the adenosinergic system in restless legs syndrome: A pilot, “proof-of-concept” placebo-controlled TMS-based protocol$$$ Restless Legs Syndrome (RLS) is a common sleep disorder characterized by an urge to move the legs that is responsive to movement (particularly during rest), periodic leg movements during sleep, and hyperarousal. Recent evidence suggests that the involvement of the adenosine system may establish a connection between dopamine and glutamate dysfunction in RLS. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive electrophysiological technique widely applied to explore brain electrophysiology and neurochemistry under different experimental conditions. In this pilot study protocol, we aim to investigate the effects of dipyridamole (a well-known enhancer of adenosinergic transmission) and caffeine (an adenosine receptor antagonist) on measures of cortical excitation and inhibition in response to TMS in patients with primary RLS. Initially, we will assess cortical excitability using both single- and paired-pulse TMS in patients with RLS. Then, based on the measures obtained, we will explore the effects of dipyridamole and caffeine, in comparison to placebo, on various TMS parameters related to cortical excitation and inhibition. Finally, we will evaluate the psycho-cognitive performance of RLS patients to screen them for cognitive impairment and/or mood-behavioral dysfunction, thus aiming to correlate psycho-cognitive findings with TMS data. Overall, this study protocol will be the first to shed lights on the neurophysiological mechanisms of RLS involving the modulation of the adenosine system, thus potentially providing a foundation for innovative “pharmaco-TMS”-based treatments. The distinctive TMS profile observed in RLS holds indeed the potential utility for both diagnosis and treatment, as well as for patient monitoring. As such, it can be considered a target for both novel pharmacological (i.e., drug) and non-pharmacological (e.g., neuromodulatory), “TMS-guided”, interventions.
A Review of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Combined with Medication and Psychotherapy for Depression$$$ Learning Objectives After participating in this CME activity, the psychiatrist should be better able to: • Compare and contrast therapies used in combination with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for treating MDD. Background Noninvasive neuromodulation, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), has emerged as a major area for treating major depressive disorder (MDD). This review has two primary aims: (1) to review the current literature on combining TMS and tDCS with other therapies, such as psychotherapy and psychopharmacological interventions, and (2) to discuss the efficacy, feasibility, limitations, and future directions of these combined treatments for MDD. Method This review followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. We searched three databases: PubMed, PsycInfo, and Cochrane Library. The last search date was December 5, 2023. Results The initial search revealed 2,519 records. After screening and full-text review, 58 studies (7 TMS plus psychotherapy, 32 TMS plus medication, 7 tDCS plus psychotherapy, 12 tDCS plus medication) were included. Conclusions The current literature on tDCS and TMS paired with psychotherapy provides initial support for integrating mindfulness interventions with both TMS and tDCS. Adding TMS or tDCS to stable doses of ongoing medications can decrease MDD symptoms; however, benzodiazepines may interfere with TMS and tDCS response, and antipsychotics can interfere with TMS response. Pairing citalopram with TMS and sertraline with tDCS can lead to greater MDD symptom reduction compared to using these medications alone. Future studies need to enroll larger samples, include randomized controlled study designs, create more uniform protocols for combined treatment delivery, and explore mechanisms and predictors of change.
Depression: Managing Resistance and Partial Response to Treatment$$$ Treatment-resistant depression is defined as absence of remission despite trials of two or more antidepressant medications and can occur in up to 31% of patients with major depressive disorder. Partial response to treatment is defined as less than 50% reduction in depression-rating scores. Before diagnosing treatment-resistant depression or partial response to treatment, adherence to adequate doses and duration of medications should be confirmed. Management strategies include adding psychotherapy, switching antidepressant medication class, or augmenting with additional medications. Current guidelines recommend augmentation with a second-generation antidepressant, an atypical antipsychotic, tricyclic antidepressants, lithium, or a triiodothyronine medication as pharmacologic options. Ketamine and esketamine can also be used as augmentation for treatment-resistant depression and may help reduce suicidal ideation. Electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation may be effective. Pharmacogenetic testing has limited evidence and is not recommended. Nonpharmacologic therapies include psychotherapy, exercise, and focused dietary changes.
Military Sexual Trauma As a Risk Factor for Treatment Non-Response from an Online, Self-Management Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Treatment for Women Veterans$$$ Women veterans are exposed to high rates of trauma, including military sexual trauma (MST), and face unique barriers to posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) treatment. Telehealth interventions that are tailored to women veterans' unique lived experiences may improve treatment engagement and outcomes. It is important to ascertain how beneficial new telehealth interventions are in the context of different patient characteristics and trauma types, particularly for lower-intensity telehealth interventions (e.g., web-based programs or apps). This secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial conducted in a sample of 102 women veterans examines predictors of treatment response to a self-management, telehealth intervention for PTSD: Delivery of Self Training and Education for Stressful Situations-Women Veterans (DESTRESS-WV). In the trial, women veterans with PTSD received either an online cognitive behavioral intervention with phone coaching, or phone monitoring alone. We examined associations between baseline patient characteristics (demographics, trauma types, and clinical symptoms) and treatment outcome at post-treatment, 3 months, and 6 months, focusing on the association between treatment outcome and MST. Our primary outcomes were changes in PTSD (PTSD Symptom Checklist, Version 5, PCL-5) and depression (8-item Patient Health Questionnaire, PHQ-8) in the full sample, adjusting for treatment condition. Women veterans who identified MST as the primary trauma for which they were seeking PTSD treatment experienced a nearly nine-point lesser improvement on the PCL-5 than those seeking PTSD treatment for other trauma types (e.g., childhood abuse, combat trauma; p = .0073). Similar patterns were found for depression symptoms. To our knowledge, this is the first study to examine the association between trauma type and treatment outcomes within the context of a self-management, telehealth treatment for PTSD. While the study was not powered to examine differential treatment response for patient subgroups, our exploratory findings suggest that gaps remain in providing effective PTSD care for women veterans who experienced MST.Trial registration: The trial and analysis plan were preregistered in ClinicalTrials.gov (Identifier: NCT02917447).
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with music therapy in non-fluent aphasia after stroke: A randomised controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Although existing studies have shown that both repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and music therapy have advantages in the treatment of non-fluent aphasia, the efficacy of the combination of these two methods remains to be investigated. AIMS: To investigate the clinical efficacy of low-frequency rTMS combined with music therapy on language function and depression in patients with non-fluent aphasia after stroke. METHODS & PROCEDURES: A single-blind parallel randomised controlled trial was conducted. Sixty patients (mean duration = 93.78 days) with non-fluent aphasia after stroke were randomly divided into a traditional therapy group (n = 20), a music therapy group (n = 20) and a combined therapy group (n = 20, 1 Hz). The language function and depression were evaluated before and 3 weeks after treatment with the Chinese version of the Western Aphasia Battery scale, Boston Diagnostic Aphasia Examination scale and Stroke Aphasic Depression Questionnaire Hospital Version scale. OUTCOMES & RESULTS: The combined therapy group was significantly better in all outcomes than the traditional therapy group and was significantly better in depression than the music therapy group. The music therapy group was significantly better in repetition and depression than the traditional therapy group. Language improvement was positively correlated with depression improvement. For adverse events, only two patients in the combined therapy group showed slight dizziness during rTMS treatment and their symptoms improved after rest. CONCLUSIONS & IMPLICATIONS: Our preliminary randomised controlled study indicates that low-frequency rTMS combined with music therapy is feasible and safe in improving language function and depression in non-fluent aphasia patients after stroke. WHAT THIS PAPER ADDS: What is already known on this subject Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and music therapy respectively have advantages in the treatment of non-fluent aphasia after stroke, but whether the combination of the two methods is more effective is still unknown. What this paper adds to the existing knowledge This is one of the first randomised control trials to investigate whether the clinical efficacy of low-frequency rTMS combined music therapy for non-fluent aphasia is better. The findings show that low-frequency rTMS combined music therapy is superior to traditional therapy in spontaneous speech, auditory comprehension, repetition, naming, aphasia quotient, functional language level and depression, and superior to music therapy in depression, while music therapy is superior to traditional therapy in repetition and depression. What are the potential or actual clinical implications of this work? Low-frequency rTMS combined music therapy may be a better method for treatment of non-fluent aphasia.
REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR DEPRESSION CHANGES SLEEP ARCHITECTURE: PRELIMINARY RESULTS$$$ Introduction: There is a bi-directional relationship between sleep and depression, with sleep difficulties contributing to the risk of treatment resistant depression. The existing literature regarding the influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment on sleep is limited. The present study seeks to investigate changes in brain activity during sleep in individuals with treatment resistant depression undergoing rTMS treatment. Methods: As part of an ongoing randomized, double-blind clinical trial, participants underwent four or six weeks of daily rTMS sessions targeting the left or bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Sleep was monitored at home with an ambulatory EEG device (Muse-S, Interaxon) or in the laboratory with standard polysomnography (N7000 , Embla) for two consecutive nights before starting rTMS (the first night serving as an adaptation night) and one night after up to four weeks of rTMS. Results: Our preliminary sample consisted of eight participants (25% females, age range: 31-64 years, M = 47.4 , SD = 12.3). At baseline, all participants scored at least 15 on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression which corresponds to mild depression severity. On average, total sleep time did not change significantly from pre-intervention (6.2 + 1.3 hours) to after the last rTMS session (6.1 + 1.6 hours, p>.050). After the last rTMS session (M=4.6 , SD = 3.1), the percentage of NREM1 sleep shortened significantly relative to what was observed before the intervention (M=5.9 , SD = 2.8; p = .042) . Changes in other sleep stages did not reach statistical significance. Conclusion: These preliminary findings suggest that rTMS treatment may reduce light sleep without affecting overall sleep duration in individuals with treatment resistant depression. If replicated in larger samples, such findings may highlight rTMS as a potential means of alleviating poor sleep commonly linked to depression.
SUBJECTIVE SLEEP IMPROVEMENTS FOLLOWING DAILY THETA-BURST STIMULATION FOR TREATMENTRESISTANT DEPRESSION$$$ Introduction: Sleep disturbances are commonly observed in individuals with depression, and are associated with severity of depression, treatment outcomes, and risk of relapse. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, including newer optimized theta-burst stimulation (TBS) protocols, is recognized as a safe and effective intervention for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Presently, little is known about the impact of TBS treatments on sleep in individuals with depression. We examined changes in subjective sleep and depression in individuals with TRD receiving daily TBS treatments, and the relationship between changes in these symptom domains. Methods: 50 participants (50% female, mean age 46.82 years) with TRD received four or six weeks of daily TBS treatments targeting the left or bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex while participating in a randomized, double-blind clinical trial. Sleep disturbances and depression severity were measured at baseline, session 20 and session 30 using the Leeds Sleep Evaluation Questionnaire and 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-17), respectively. Linear mixed models examined whether scores changed significantly throughout treatment. Spearman's correlations investigated whether changes in depression and sleep were associated. Results: HRSD-17 scores improved significantly from baseline to weeks 4 and 6 (p< 0.001). We also observed significant improvements in quality of sleep (QOS), ease of awakening from sleep (AFS), and behaviour following wakefulness (BFW) after 4 and 6 weeks of TBS (p< 0.001). After 4 weeks of TBS, improvements in HRSD-17 significantly correlated with BFW scores (p= 0.008). After 6 weeks of TBS, improvements in HRSD-17 scores significantly correlated with improvements in both AFS and BFW scores (p< 0.005). Conclusion: Participants reported improvements in depression, sleep quality, ease of waking, and daytime alertness following TBS. Furthermore, improvements in several aspects of sleep and depression were correlated. These findings suggest that TBS may be an effective intervention for individuals experiencing comorbid depression and sleep disturbances. This also strengthens the view that sleep enhancement may contribute to better mental health outcomes.
REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR DEPRESSION CHANGES SLEEP ARCHITECTURE: PRELIMINARY RESULTS$$$ Introduction: There is a bi-directional relationship between sleep and depression, with sleep difficulties contributing to the risk of treatment resistant depression. The existing literature regarding the influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment on sleep is limited. The present study seeks to investigate changes in brain activity during sleep in individuals with treatment resistant depression undergoing rTMS treatment. Methods: As part of an ongoing randomized, double-blind clinical trial, participants underwent four or six weeks of daily rTMS sessions targeting the left or bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Sleep was monitored at home with an ambulatory EEG device (Muse-S, Interaxon) or in the laboratory with standard polysomnography (N7000, Embla) for two consecutive nights before starting rTMS (the first night serving as an adaptation night) and one night after up to four weeks of rTMS. Results: Our preliminary sample consisted of eight participants (25% females, age range: 31-64 years, M = 47.4, SD = 12.3). At baseline, all participants scored at least 15 on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression which corresponds to mild depression severity. On average, total sleep time did not change significantly from pre-intervention (6.2 + 1.3 hours) to after the last rTMS session (6.1 + 1.6 hours, p>.050). After the last rTMS session (M=4.6, SD = 3.1), the percentage of NREM1 sleep shortened significantly relative to what was observed before the intervention (M=5.9, SD = 2.8; p = .042) . Changes in other sleep stages did not reach statistical significance. Conclusion: These preliminary findings suggest that rTMS treatment may reduce light sleep without affecting overall sleep duration in individuals with treatment resistant depression. If replicated in larger samples, such findings may highlight rTMS as a potential means of alleviating poor sleep commonly linked to depression.
SUBJECTIVE SLEEP IMPROVEMENTS FOLLOWING DAILY THETA-BURST STIMULATION FOR TREATMENTRESISTANT DEPRESSION$$$ Introduction: Sleep disturbances are commonly observed in individuals with depression, and are associated with severity of depression, treatment outcomes, and risk of relapse. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, including newer optimized theta-burst stimulation (TBS) protocols, is recognized as a safe and effective intervention for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Presently, little is known about the impact of TBS treatments on sleep in individuals with depression. We examined changes in subjective sleep and depression in individuals with TRD receiving daily TBS treatments, and the relationship between changes in these symptom domains. Methods: 50 participants (50% female, mean age 46.82 years) with TRD received four or six weeks of daily TBS treatments targeting the left or bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex while participating in a randomized, double-blind clinical trial. Sleep disturbances and depression severity were measured at baseline, session 20 and session 30 using the Leeds Sleep Evaluation Questionnaire and 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-17), respectively. Linear mixed models examined whether scores changed significantly throughout treatment. Spearman's correlations investigated whether changes in depression and sleep were associated. Results: HRSD-17 scores improved significantly from baseline to weeks 4 and 6 (p< 0.001). We also observed significant improvements in quality of sleep (QOS), ease of awakening from sleep (AFS), and behaviour following wakefulness (BFW) after 4 and 6 weeks of TBS (p< 0.001). After 4 weeks of TBS, improvements in HRSD-17 significantly correlated with BFW scores (p= 0.008). After 6 weeks of TBS, improvements in HRSD-17 scores significantly correlated with improvements in both AFS and BFW scores (p< 0.005). Conclusion: Participants reported improvements in depression, sleep quality, ease of waking, and daytime alertness following TBS. Furthermore, improvements in several aspects of sleep and depression were correlated. These findings suggest that TBS may be an effective intervention for individuals experiencing comorbid depression and sleep disturbances. This also strengthens the view that sleep enhancement may contribute to better mental health outcomes.
A Fully Remote Randomized Trial of Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation for the Acute Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Objective: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is common, but current treatment options have significant limitations in terms of access and efficacy. This study examined the effectiveness of transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) for the acute treatment of MDD. Methods: We performed a triple-blind, fully remote, randomized controlled trial comparing tACS with sham treatment. Adults aged 21-65 years meeting DSM 5 criteria for MDD and having a score on the Beck Depression Inventory, Second Edition (BDI-II), between 20 and 63 were eligible to participate. Participants utilized tACS or sham treatment for two 20-minute treatment sessions daily for 4 weeks. The primary outcome was change in BDI-II score from baseline to the week 2 time point in an intent-to treat analysis, followed by analyses of treatment-adherent participants. Secondary analyses examined change at the week 1 and 4 time points, responder rates, subgroup analyses, other self-report mood measures, and safety. The study was conducted from April to October 2022. Results: A total of 255 participants were randomized to active or sham treatment. Improvement in intent-to-treat analysis was not statistically significant at week 2 (P= .056), but there were significant effects in participants with high adherence (P= .005). Significantly greater improvement at week 1 (P= .020) and greater response at week 4 (P= .028) occurred following tACS. Improvements were significantly larger for female participants. There were no significant effects on secondary mood measures. Side effects were minimal and mild. Conclusions: Rapid, clinically significant improvement in depression in adults with MDD was associated with tACS, particularly for women. Compared to other depression therapies, tACS has 3 key advantages: rapid, clinically significant treatment effect, the ability of patients to use the treatment on their own at home, and the rarity and low impact of adverse events. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT05384041.
Moving towards precision TMS? Evaluating individual differences and reproducibility of personalized stimulation targets in UK Biobank$$$ Objective: Personalized transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) targeting, guided by functional connectivity (FC), shows potential in treating depression. The present study aims to map individual FC peak location using UK Biobank, to evaluate individual differences and reproducibility of FC-based targets. Methods: We analyzed UK Biobank resting-state fMRI (rfMRI) of 35,423 participants, identifying individual FC peak locations on the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) that functionally connected to the subcallosal cingulate, amygdala, and ventromedial prefrontal cortex, respectively. Euclidean distance between each participant's individual peak and group-average peak was calculated. With follow-up rfMRI of 1341 participants, within-subject FC peak location changes were calculated. We also compared common TMS targets and random locations for their median distance to individual peaks in a permutation test. Results: Seed-based FC analyses revealed large differences in the individual FC peak location on DLPFC: the mean distance from the individual peaks to group-average peak ranged from 14.24 to 29.92mm; 70% to 94% of participants were >10mm away from the group-average peak and potentially located outside of the TMS effective area with common TMS coils. Similar variability was observed in within-subject peak locations across two fMRI assessments. Common TMS targets and the group-average FC peak showed no significant difference in median distances to individual FC peaks when compared to random locations. Conclusions: FC peak location shows wide inter- and intra- individual variability. We emphasize a role for individualized TMS neuronavigation targeting but emphasize the need for more reliable biomarker studies.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Anxiety during Laparoscopic Colorectal Cancer Surgery: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Perioperative anxiety is prevalent among patients undergoing surgical treatment of cancer and often influences their prognosis. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown potential in the treatment of various anxiety-related disorders, but data on the impact of tDCS on perioperative anxiety are limited. Objective: To evaluate the effect of tDCS in reducing perioperative anxiety among patients undergoing laparoscopic colorectal cancer (CRC) resection. Design, Setting, And Participants: This randomized clinical trial was conducted from March to August 2023 at the Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University. Patients aged 18 years or older undergoing elective laparoscopic radical resection for CRC were randomly assigned to either the active tDCS group or the sham tDCS group. Intention-to-treat data analysis was performed in September 2023. Interventions: Patients were randomly assigned to receive 2 sessions of either active tDCS or sham tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the afternoon of the day before the operation and in the morning of the day of operation. Main Outcomes and Measures: The main outcome was the incidence of perioperative anxiety from the day of the operation up to 3 days after the procedure, as measured using the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale-Anxiety (HADS-A) subscale (range: 0-21, with higher scores indicating more anxiety). Secondary outcomes included postoperative delirium (assessed by the Confusion Assessment Method or Confusion Assessment Method intensive care unit scale); pain (assessed by the 10-point Numeric Rating Scale [NRS], with scores ranging from 0 [no pain] to 10 [worst pain]); frailty (assessed by the Fatigue, Resistance, Ambulation, Illness and Loss of Weight [FRAIL] Index, with scores ranging from 0 [most robust] to 5 [most frail]; and sleep quality (assessed by the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index [PSQI], with scores ranging from 0 to 21 and higher scores indicating worse sleep quality) after the 2 sessions of the tDCS intervention. Results: A total of 196 patients (mean [SD] age, 63.5 [11.0] years; 124 [63.3%] men) were recruited and randomly assigned to the active tDCS group (98 patients) or the sham tDCS group (98 patients). After the second tDCS intervention on the day of the operation, the incidence of perioperative anxiety was 38.8% in the active tDCS group and 70.4% in the sham tDCS group (relative risk, 0.55 [95% CI, 0.42-0.73]; P <.001). Patients in the active tDCS group vs the sham tDCS group were less likely to have postoperative delirium (8.2% vs 25.5%) and, at 3 days after the operation, had lower median (IQR) pain scores (NRS, 1.0 [1.0-1.0] vs 2.0 [2.0-2.0]), better median (IQR) sleep quality scores (PSQI, 10.5 [10.0-11.0] vs 12.0 [11.0-13.0]), and lower median (IQR) FRAIL Index (2.0 [1.0-2.0] vs 2.0 [2.0-3.0]). Conclusions and Relevance: Findings of this randomized clinical trial indicate that administration of 2 preoperative sessions of tDCS was associated with a decreased incidence of perioperative anxiety in patients undergoing elective CRC resection. Active tDCS was also associated with better anxiety scores, pain levels, and sleep quality as well as reduced postoperative delirium and frailty. The findings suggest that tDCS may be a novel strategy for improving perioperative anxiety in patients undergoing CRC resection. Trial Registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Register Identifier: ChiCTR2300068859.
Treatment-resistant depression patients with baseline suicidal ideation required more treatments to achieve therapeutic response with ketamine/esketamine$$$ Background: There is an urgent need to identify interventions to reduce suicidality. We investigated the antisuicidal effects of intravenous (IV) ketamine and intranasal (IN) esketamine among patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in a historical cohort study. Methods: The Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology self-report (QIDS-SR) question 12 was used to measure suicidal ideation (SI). Cox proportional hazards models were used to evaluate associations between the number of treatments to response and baseline SI (yes, Q12 > 0 versus no, Q12 = 0), adjusting for covariates and modified baseline QIDS-SR score. We evaluated associations between the number of treatments to a 50 % reduction in SI score between IV and IN treatment. Results: Fifty-two adults (62.5 % female, median age 49.1 years) received IV ketamine (71 %, n = 37) or IN esketamine (29 %, n = 15). Eighty-one percent of patients reported SI at baseline. Among those with baseline SI, 60 % had improved SI scores while 38 % did not change, and among those with no SI, 80 % did not change. After adjusting for covariates, the hazard ratios (HR) of response were significantly lower among those with baseline SI (HR = 0.36, 95 % CI, 0.14–0.92, p = 0.03). The number of treatments to achieve a 50 % reduction in SI score did not depend on group (IN esketamine vs. IV ketamine HR = 0.74 [95 % CI, 0.27–2.05]; p = 0.57). Limitations: Small sample size and lack of a placebo group. Conclusions: This study suggests that patients with baseline suicidal ideation require more treatments to achieve a response with ketamine or esketamine. The antisuicidal response seemed similar between IV ketamine and IN esketamine.
Cortico-Spinal Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation Propelling Sensorimotor Function Recovery in Complete Spinal Cord Injury: Randomized Control Trial Protocol$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a non-invasive stimulation technique to induce neuronal and synaptic plasticity. The induced cortical plasticity is imperative in the recovery of motor and sensory functions. Spinal cord injury (SCI) causes damage to neurons and results in sensorimotor dysfunction. The effect of iTBS on recovery of motor and sensory dysfunction in complete SCI (cSCI) is still elusive. AIM: This study aims to assess the effect of iTBS on cortico-spinal tract integrity, plasticity, and regaining of motor and sensory function in cSCI patients. The rationale behind using an iTBS protocol is to modify and augment the communication between spared neurons of the cortico-spinal tract and strengthen the synaptic transmission, which will improve motor function in underlying muscles. Method: A total of 48 patients will be recruited and randomly divided into placebo and real stimulation groups. iTBS along with a rehabilitation program will be administered to the placebo and real stimulation groups. Follow-up will be done at 1 month, 2 months, and 3 months after the intervention. Result: The outcome of the study will be defined by electrophysiological parameters elicited by single and paired-pulse stimulation, ASIA score, pain, activities of daily life, quality of life, anxiety, depression, and biomarkers related to SCI. The results of this study will uncover the effectiveness of iTBS stimulation on (i) recovery of motor and sensory function in cSCI (ii) excitability of cortico-spinal tract (iii) neurological recovery and modulation of pain (iv) cortical reorganization after injury. Conclusion: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) in conjunction with an individualized rehabilitation program may serve as an integrated strategy to rejuvenate locomotor abilities and improve the overall quality of life for people with complete spinal cord injuries (SCI).
A meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). METHODS: Randomized sham-controlled trials (RCTs) were identified from major databases from the inception date of January 1990 to January 2023. Primary outcome was improvement in total symptoms of ADHD. Subgroup analysis focused on rTMS efficacy targeting different brain regions. Secondary outcomes were associations of rTMS with improvements in different symptoms of ADHD. Outcomes were expressed as effect size (ES) based on standardized mean difference (SMD) (continuous data), and odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence interval (CI) (categorical data). RESULTS: Meta-analysis of six RCTs involving 169 participants demonstrated no difference in total ADHD symptoms between rTMS-treated participants and sham controls (SMD=-0.24,p=0.17). Subgroup analysis revealed better efficacy of rTMS than sham controls when targeting right prefrontal cortex (rPFC) (SMD=-0.49,p=0.03), but not left prefrontal cortex (lPFC) (SMD= 0.01,p=0.67). rTMS treatment correlated with better improvement in symptoms of inattention (SMD=-0.76,p=0.0002), but not hyperactivity (p=0.86), impulsivity (p=0.41), and depression (p=0.95). The apparently higher risk of dropout in the rTMS group than sham controls was not statistically significant (OR=1.65,p=0.26). CONCLUSIONS: Our study only supported the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS targeting rPFC for the symptoms of ADHD, especially inattention, but not that targeting lPFC. Further large-scale randomized sham-controlled trials are required to verify our findings.
Home-Use Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for the Treatment of a Major Depressive Episode: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is moderately effective for depression when applied by trained staff. It is not known whether self-applied tDCS, combined or not with a digital psychological intervention, is also effective. Objective: To determine whether fully unsupervised home-use tDCS, combined with a digital psychological intervention or digital placebo, is effective for a major depressive episode. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a double-blinded, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial with 3 arms: (1) home-use tDCS plus a digital psychological intervention (double active); (2) home-use tDCS plus digital placebo (tDCS only), and (3) sham home-use tDCS plus digital placebo (double sham). The study was conducted between April 2021 and October 2022 at participants' homes and at Instituto de Psiquiatria do Hospital das Clínicas da Faculdade de Medicina da Universidade de São Paulo, Brazil. Included participants were aged 18 to 59 years with major depression and a Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, 17-item version (HDRS-17), score above 16, a minimum of 8 years of education, and access to a smartphone and internet at home. Exclusion criteria were other psychiatric disorders, except for anxiety; neurologic or clinical disorders; and tDCS contraindications. Interventions: tDCS was administered in 2-mA, 30-minute prefrontal sessions for 15 consecutive weekdays (1-mA, 90-second duration for sham) and twice-weekly sessions for 3 weeks. The digital intervention consisted of 46 sessions based on behavioral therapy. Digital placebo was internet browsing. Main Outcomes and Measures: Change in HDRS-17 score at week 6. Results: Of 837 volunteers screened, 210 participants were enrolled (180 [86%] female; mean [SD] age, 38.9 [9.3] years) and allocated to double active (n = 64), tDCS only (n = 73), or double sham (n = 73). Of the 210 participants enrolled, 199 finished the trial. Linear mixed-effects models did not reveal statistically significant group differences in treatment by time interactions for HDRS-17 scores, and the estimated effect sizes between groups were as follows: double active vs tDCS only (Cohen d, 0.05; 95% CI, -0.48 to 0.58; P =.86), double active vs double sham (Cohen d, -0.20; 95% CI, -0.73 to 0.34; P =.47), and tDCS only vs double sham (Cohen d, -0.25; 95% CI, -0.76 to 0.27; P =.35). Skin redness and heat or burning sensations were more frequent in the double active and tDCS only groups. One nonfatal suicide attempt occurred in the tDCS only group. Conclusions and Relevance: Unsupervised home-use tDCS combined with a digital psychological intervention or digital placebo was not found to be superior to sham for treatment of a major depressive episode in this trial. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04889976.
Correction: Home-use transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of a major depressive episode: A randomized clinical trial (JAMA Psychiatry (2024) DOI: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2023.4948)$$$ The Original Investigation titled Home-Use Transcranial Direct CurrentStimulationfor the Treatment of a Major Depressive Episode: A Randomized Clinical Trial, 1 published on January 3, 2024,was corrected to add authors Matheus R. F. Ramos,MD,andNatasha K.S.Moran,MD,whowere inadvertently omittedfromthe initial publication by the corresponding author, and to correct the spelling of author Mariana P. Batista s last name. This articlewas corrected online.
Accelerated sequential bilateral theta-burst stimulation in major depression: an open trial$$$ Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is approved and widely used in the treatment of treatment resistant-major depression. More recently, accelerated protocols delivering multiple treatments per day have been shown to be efficacious and potentially enhance outcomes compared to once daily protocols. Meanwhile, bilateral treatment protocols have also been increasingly tested to enhance outcomes. Here, we examined the efficacy and safety of accelerated bilateral TBS in major depressive disorder (MDD). In this open label pilot study, 25 patients with MDD (60%: women; mean age (SD): 45.24 (12.22)) resistant to at least one antidepressant, received bilateral TBS, consisting of 5 sequential bilateral intermittent TBS (iTBS) (600 pulses) and continuous TBS (cTBS) (600 pulses) treatments delivered to the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), respectively, daily for 5 days at 120% resting motor threshold. Outcome measures were post-treat treatment changes at day 5 and 2-weeks in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) scores and response (≥ 50% reduction from the baseline scores) and remission (≤ 7) rates. There was a significant reduction in HDRS scores at day 5 (p < 0.001) and 2-weeks post treatment (p < 0.001). The response rates increased from 20% at day 5 to 32% at 2-weeks post treatment suggesting delayed clinical effects. However, reduction in symptom scores between two post treatment endpoints was non-significant. 60% of patients could not tolerate the high intensity stimulation. No major adverse events occurred. Open label uncontrolled study with small sample size. These preliminary findings suggest that accelerated bilateral TBS may be clinically effective and safe for treatment resistant depression. Randomized sham-controlled trials are needed to establish the therapeutic role of accelerated bilateral TBS in depression. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT10001858.
Dual-tDCS combined with sensorimotor training promotes upper limb function in subacute stroke patients: A randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Dual transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the bilateral primary somatosensory cortex (PSC) has potential benefits in stroke. In addition, compared with traditional rehabilitation training, sensorimotor training can significantly improve the sensorimotor function of patients. However, the efficacy of dual-tDCS combined with sensorimotor training in patients with subacute stroke is unknown. Objective: To assess whether dual-tDCS may enhance the efficacy of sensorimotor training on the upper limb functions in patients with subacute stroke. In addition, this study aims to explore the potential clinical mechanism of this combination therapy. Methods: We randomized 52 individuals with first-ever, unilateral subcortical stroke into the experimental group (n = 26) and the control group (n = 26). Patients in the experimental group received 20 min of dual-tDCS over the PSC and 40 min of sensorimotor training each session, while patients in the control group received sham dual-tDCS. The treatment cycle was a 1-h session of therapy each day, 5 days per week for 4 weeks. The Fugl–Meyer Assessment of Upper Extremity (FMA–UE) subscale, Action Research Arm Test (ARAT), Box and Block test (BBT), Erasmus MC revised Nottingham sensory assessment scale (Em-NSA), Neurometer sensory nerve quantitative detector (CPT), the Barthel index (BI), and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) were used to assess upper limb function, activities of daily living (ADL), and mental health before and after the 4-week treatment period. In addition, functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) was used to explore potential clinical brain mechanisms. Results: Both groups showed significant improvement in all clinical scales (All p < 0.05) after treatment. Compared with sham-tDCS plus sensorimotor training, active dual-tDCS coupled with sensorimotor training can significantly improve the FMA-UE, ARAT, Em-NSA-Stereognosis, and CPT-2K Hz. In addition, dual-tDCS combined with sensorimotor training can significantly activate the left pre-Motor and supplementary motor cortex (PM–SMC) and enhance the functional connection between the left somatosensory association cortex (SAC) and RPM–SMC. Furthermore, the difference of FMA–UE in the experimental group was positively correlated with the functional connectivity of RPM-SMC-LSAC (r = 0.815, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Dual-tDCS over the PSC combined with sensorimotor training can improve upper limb sensory and motor dysfunction, enhance ADL, and alleviate depression and anxiety for subacute stroke patients. Our results indicated that RPM-SMC-LSAC may be potential therapeutic targets for dual-tDCS in upper limb rehabilitation on stroke.
Deep brain stimulation for refractory major depressive disorder: a comprehensive review$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has emerged as a promising treatment for select patients with refractory major depressive disorder (MDD). The clinical effectiveness of DBS for MDD has been demonstrated in meta-analyses, open-label studies, and a few controlled studies. However, randomized controlled trials have yielded mixed outcomes, highlighting challenges that must be addressed prior to widespread adoption of DBS for MDD. These challenges include tracking MDD symptoms objectively to evaluate the clinical effectiveness of DBS with sensitivity and specificity, identifying the patient population that is most likely to benefit from DBS, selecting the optimal patient-specific surgical target and stimulation parameters, and understanding the mechanisms underpinning the therapeutic benefits of DBS in the context of MDD pathophysiology. In this review, we provide an overview of the latest clinical evidence of MDD DBS effectiveness and the recent technological advancements that could transform our understanding of MDD pathophysiology, improve the clinical outcomes for MDD DBS, and establish a path forward to develop more effective neuromodulation therapies to alleviate depressive symptoms.
Bilateral Corticomotor Reorganization and Symptom Development in Response to Acute Unilateral Hamstring Pain: A Randomized, Controlled Study$$$ Accumulating evidence demonstrates that pain induces adaptations in the corticomotor representations of affected muscles. However, previous work has primarily investigated the upper limb, with few studies examining corticomotor reorganization in response to lower limb pain. This is important to consider, given the significant functional, anatomical, and neurophysiological differences between upper and lower limb musculature. Previous work has also focused on unilateral corticomotor changes in response to muscle pain, despite an abundance of literature demonstrating that unilateral pain conditions are commonly associated with bilateral motor dysfunction. For the first time, this study investigated the effect of unilateral acute hamstring pain on bilateral corticomotor organization using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) mapping. Corticomotor outcomes (TMS maps), pain, mechanical sensitivity (pressure pain thresholds), and function (maximal voluntary contractions) were recorded from 28 healthy participants at baseline. An injection of pain-inducing hypertonic (n = 14) or pain-free isotonic (n = 14) saline was then administered to the right hamstring muscle, and pain ratings were collected every 30 seconds until pain resolution. Follow-up measures were taken immediately following pain resolution and at 25, 50, and 75 minutes post-pain resolution. Unilateral acute hamstring pain induced bilateral symptom development and changes in corticomotor reorganization. Two patterns of reorganization were observed—corticomotor facilitation and corticomotor depression. Corticomotor facilitation was associated with increased mechanical sensitivity and decreased function bilaterally (all P < .05). These effects persisted for at least 75 minutes after pain resolution. Perspective: These findings suggest that individual patterns of corticomotor reorganization may contribute to ongoing functional deficits of either limb following acute unilateral lower limb pain. Further research is required to assess these adaptations and the possible long-term implications for rehabilitation and reinjury risk in cohorts with acute hamstring injury.
Recent Advances in the Treatment of Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Narrative Review of Literature Published from 2018 to 2023$$$ Purpose of Review: We review recent advances in the treatment of treatment-resistant depression (TRD), a disorder with very limited treatment options until recently. We examine advances in psychotherapeutic, psychopharmacologic, and interventional psychiatry approaches to treatment of TRD. We also highlight various definitions of TRD in recent scientific literature. Recent Findings: Recent evidence suggests some forms of psychotherapy can be effective as adjunctive treatments for TRD, but not as monotherapies alone. Little recent evidence supports the use of adjunctive non-antidepressant pharmacotherapies such as buprenorphine and antipsychotics for the treatment of TRD; side effects and increased medication discontinuation rates may outweigh the benefits of these adjunctive pharmacotherapies. Finally, a wealth of recent evidence supports the use of interventional approaches such as electroconvulsive therapy, ketamine/esketamine, and transcranial magnetic stimulation for TRD. Summary: Recent advances in our understanding of how to treat TRD have largely expanded our knowledge of best practices in, and efficacy of, interventional psychiatric approaches. Recent research has used a variety of TRD definitions for study inclusion criteria; research on TRD should adhere to inclusion criteria based on internationally defined guidelines for more meaningfully generalizable results.
Exploring the Prospects of Transcranial Electrical Stimulation (tES) as a Therapeutic Intervention for Post-Stroke Motor Recovery: A Narrative Review$$$ Introduction: Stroke survivors often have motor impairments and related functional deficits. Transcranial Electrical Stimulation (tES) is a rapidly evolving field that offers a wide range of capabilities for modulating brain function, and it is safe and inexpensive. It has the potential for widespread use for post-stroke motor recovery. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation (tACS), and Transcranial Random Noise Stimulation (tRNS) are three recognized tES techniques that have gained substantial attention in recent years but have different mechanisms of action. tDCS has been widely used in stroke motor rehabilitation, while applications of tACS and tRNS are very limited. The tDCS protocols could vary significantly, and outcomes are heterogeneous. Purpose: the current review attempted to explore the mechanisms underlying commonly employed tES techniques and evaluate their prospective advantages and challenges for their applications in motor recovery after stroke. Conclusion: tDCS could depolarize and hyperpolarize the potentials of cortical motor neurons, while tACS and tRNS could target specific brain rhythms and entrain neural networks. Despite the extensive use of tDCS, the complexity of neural networks calls for more sophisticated modifications like tACS and tRNS.
Low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is safe and well tolerated by people living with MS – outcomes of the phase I randomised controlled trial (TAURUS)$$$ Background: Low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), delivered as a daily intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) for four consecutive weeks, increased the number of new oligodendrocytes in the adult mouse brain. Therefore, rTMS holds potential as a remyelinating intervention for people with multiple sclerosis (MS). Objective: Primarily to determine the safety and tolerability of our rTMS protocol in people with MS. Secondary objectives include feasibility, blinding and an exploration of changes in magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) metrics, patient-reported outcome measures (PROMs) and cognitive or motor performance. Methods: A randomised (2:1), placebo controlled, single blind, parallel group, phase 1 trial of 20 rTMS sessions (600 iTBS pulses per hemisphere; 25% maximum stimulator output), delivered over 4–5 weeks. Twenty participants were randomly assigned to ‘sham’ (n = 7) or active rTMS (n = 13), with the coil positioned at 90° or 0°, respectively. Results: Five adverse events (AEs) including one serious AE reported. None were related to treatment. Protocol compliance was high (85%) and blinding successful. Within participant MRI metrics, PROMs and cognitive or motor performance were unchanged over time. Conclusion: Twenty sessions of rTMS is safe and well tolerated in a small group of people with MS. The study protocol and procedures are feasible. Improvement of sham is warranted before further investigating safety and efficacy.
Efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation on adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder: A randomized, double blinded, controlled trial$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a newer form of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for depression. However, its efficacy and safety in adolescents and young adults with major depressive disorder (AYA-MDD) have not been well studied, especially when applied with a strategy that combines neuronavigation targeting and accelerated iTBS. Methods: In this study, ninety patients were randomly assigned to twice-daily (two 600-pulse sessions spaced out by 10 min, n = 31), once-daily (one 600-pulse session, n = 29) or sham iTBS (no pulses, n = 30) groups for 10 treatment days. The primary outcome measure was the change in depression scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17). Other clinical symptoms, such as anxiety, were also evaluated. Results: Linear mixed model analysis found that scores on the HAMD-17 and its factors improved in all three groups, but these improvements did not significantly differ among groups. Other clinical symptoms such as anxiety also improved. Response and remission rates were relatively low and did not differ among groups at any time point. The most common adverse event was headache, and the proportion of participants who reported headache in the twice-daily and once-daily groups was significantly higher than that in the sham group. Conclusions: The current results indicated that twice-daily and once-daily iTBS under neuronavigation are safe and well tolerated in AYA-MDD, but the overall efficacy was not superior to that of sham treatment. We speculated several possible reasons such as the high placebo response of the young population, inadequate iTBS pulses and so on.
Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating anhedonia in patients with depression: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Anhedonia, the core symptom of major depressive disorder (MDD), is highly prevalent in patients with depression. Anhedonia is associated with low efficacy of drug treatment, high suicide rates, and poor social function. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation technology that uses constant, low-intensity direct current to treat MDD by regulating cortical activity and neuronal excitability. However, little is known about the efficacy of tDCS for treating anhedonia in patients with depression, and even the existing results of clinical trials are conflicting. In addition, there is no consensus on what brain regions should be targeted by tDCS during the treatment of anhedonia in patients with depression. Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and right orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) in the improvement of anhedonia in patients with depression and finally identified suitable brain regions to be stimulated during treatment. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial recruited 70 patients with anhedonia and depressive episodes. Patients were randomly assigned to three groups according to the stimulation site: right orbitofrontal cortex (OFC), left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), and sham stimulation. Each group received twelve 20-min interventions (ten as primary treatment and two for consolidation). The primary outcome was a decrease in Snaith-Hamilton Pleasure Scale (SHAPS) scores after primary treatment. Evaluations were performed at baseline, post-treatment, and 8-week follow-up. Results: The depression mood of the three groups of patients at each time point was better than the baseline, but there was no significant difference in the efficacy between the groups (p>0.05). On the basis of the improvement of depression, this study found that tDCS of the DLPFC significantly improved anhedonia (p = 0.028) after primary treatment (2 weeks), and tDCS of the DLPFC and OFC significantly improved social functioning (p = 0.005) at 8-week follow-up. Limitations: The sample size of this study was small, with only about 23/24 patients in each group completing the intervention assessments; due to the impact of the COVID-19 epidemic, data analysis was limited by the lack of patients during the follow-up period. Conclusions: tDCS of the DLPFC significantly improves anhedonia in depressed patients and is thus a potential adjuvant therapy for anhedonia in these patients.
The Impact of Ketorolac Utilization on Outcomes for Lumbar Spine Surgery: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Objective: Ketorolac is one of the most potent nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs commonly used in spine surgery. The purpose of this study is to examine the impact of ketorolac utilization with or without other medications on a patient's postoperative course after lumbar surgery. Methods: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was performed using PubMed, CINAHL, MEDLINE, and Web of Science in July 2023. Inclusion criteria were RCTs that used ketorolac for lumbar surgery. Results: Thirteen RCTs were included (N = 997; mean age, 54.6 ± 7.8 years; n = 535 in the ketorolac group) in this systematic review. There was no significant difference in the 24-hour and total postoperative morphine utilization (P = 0.185 and P = 0.109, respectively), 24-hour and final postoperative pain scores (0–10 scale) (P = 0.065 and P = 0.582, respectively), and length of stay at the hospital (P = 0.990) between patients in the ketorolac group and patients in the non-ketorolac group who underwent lumbar surgery. Overall, patients had similar rates of major complications (3.7% vs. 5.4%) and minor complications (42.1% vs. 51.7%) between groups after lumbar surgery. However, patients in the ketorolac group had a significantly lower rate of nausea and/or vomiting compared with the non-ketorolac group after lumbar surgery (21.6% vs. 37.1%, respectively; P = 0.018). Conclusions: There is no significant difference in 24-hour and total postoperative morphine utilization, pain scores, or length of stay, with similar complication rates after lumbar surgery between patients receiving ketorolac and patients not receiving ketorolac via meta-analysis of RCTs.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) for Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD): A Systematic Review$$$ Introduction: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) refers to a condition where an individual with major depressive disorder (MDD) experiences little or no symptom relief despite 2 or more treatment attempts that are considered adequate trials. Novel nonpharmacologic approaches such as noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) have been increasingly utilized as treatments for TRD. NIBS involves stimulating specific areas of the brain to induce neuronal changes and eventually modulate neural circuits via plasticity, which are thought to regulate mood or other neuropsychiatric symptoms. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a form of NIBS which involves the use of electric currents. This approach has been increasingly explored either as a primary or adjunctive treatment in TRD. We conducted a systematic review to investigate the effectiveness of tDCS in treating depression and TRD. Methods: Comprehensive web-based search of databases (Medline, Embase, Cochrane, APA PsycINFO, Web of Science, and Scopus) from 2012 to 2023 was conducted using the search keywords including tDCS, MDD, and treatment resistant depression. Here we report the primary outcomes from randomized controlled trials (RCT) and open-label studies. Results: A total of 14 clinical trials comprised of 967 participants with mean age 49.8 years (range 18 and older) were reviewed. The most common method of stimulation is anode placed over F3 and cathode placed over F4 in accordance with the International 10-20 Electroencephalogram System standard. Active tDCS sessions comprised of ramp-up phase (15-30 seconds) followed by 30 minutes of 2 mA intensity and ramp-down phase (15-30 seconds). Earlier studies also employed shorter duration of 20 minutes and lower current of 1 mA. Treatment frequency varies from twice daily to 3 times per week and duration varies from 5 days to 20 days. Four of the 14 trials (29%) reported tDCS to be not efficacious. Only 1 of 4 studies included older adults with a mean age of 61.8. This study showed tDCS was not superior to sham in treating TRD. Ten of 14 (71%) studies showed various positive responses related to tDCS alone or in combination with other therapeutic treatments. For example, a recent study with a larger sample size (n = 245) showed non-inferiority compared to either selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor or cognitive behavior therapy (effect size: -0.78 to -1.37 based on number of weeks after tDCS treatment). However, only 1 of the 10 studies focused on patients with late life depression (mean age = 74.8). This study showed tDCS increased inhibitory processing and cognitive flexibility, which were measured by Stroop test and Trail Making Test - part B. The most common site of stimulation is using the anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The main adverse effects of tDCS are redness of the skin, itching, headache, paresthesia (burning and tingling) at the stimulation site. Incidence of the side effects does not seem to be associated with repeated sessions of tDCS. Conclusions: There is favorable evidence suggesting that tDCS is clinically effective in treating TRD as measured by response, symptom improvement, and disease remission in comparison to sham treatment. Additionally, tDCS has shown to enhance cognition and has the potential to augment psychotherapy. Further studies are needed to determine treatment benefit in currently psychiatrically hospitalized TRD patients. Moreover, the evidence for tDCS in elderly depressed patients is very limited, warranting further investigation.
Senescence Markers and Apathy Symptoms in Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment and/or Remitted Major Depression: An Analysis of the PACt-MD Study$$$ Introduction: Cellular senescence, defined as irreversible cell-cycle arrest, is closely connected with age and has also been associated with Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI). Changes in the cellular secretome pattern, known as Senescence-Associated Secretory Phenotype (SASP), can be measured as a marker of cellular senescence. Higher SASP indices have been associated with Major Depressive Disorders (MDD) and the combination of remitted MDD (rMDD) and MCI (but neither group alone). Apathy, characterized by diminished goal-directed behaviour, is present in 11%-45% of patients with MCI. Apathy is associated with increased risk of progression from MCI to dementia, but the neurobiology underlying this remains unknown. We sought to investigate SASP markers in patients with MCI (without MDD) or remitted major depressive disorder (rMDD) (with or without MCI) and compared those with and without apathy to better understand the neurobiology of this neuropsychiatric symptom. Methods: The PACt-MD study (Preventing Alzheimer's dementia with cognitive remediation plus transcranial direct current stimulation in mild cognitive impairment or depression) was a randomized controlled trial that evaluated the efficacy and tolerability of combining cognitive remediation and transcranial direct current stimulation to slow cognitive decline in three groups: MCI only, rMDD only (rMDD-MCI), or both (rMDD+MCI). At baseline, the Neuropsychiatric Inventory Questionnaire apathy (NPI-Q-A), completed by the care partner, assessed apathy presence (Yes/No) as well as severity (Mild=1, Moderate=2, Severe=3). The SASP index (SASP-I), composed of 22 circulating plasma proteins, measured senescence at baseline. Two-way ANCOVA compared main and interaction effects of NPI-Q-A (presence or absence) and diagnostic groups (MCI only, rMDD-MCI, rMDD+MCI) on SASP-I. Within diagnostic groups, one-way ANCOVAs were conducted on NPI-Q-A presence and SASP-I. Chi-square test was conducted to assess apathy severity between groups. To evaluate specificity for apathy, linear regressions between total NPI-Q score and SASP index were conducted to assess associations between total neuropsychiatric symptoms (NPS) and SASP-I scores. Age, sex, medical comorbidity burden (measured using Cumulative Illness Rating Scale- Geriatrics), and depression severity (measured using Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale) were a priori covariates chosen based on literature. Results: 281 participants ((mean (SD) age 71.6 (6.2) yrs; 180 (64.1%) female; apathy severity 0.25 (0.61)) completed the NPI-Q-A and SASP-I at baseline (MCI: 125; rMDD-MCI: 60; rMDD+MCI: 96). The numbers of participants who endorsed apathy within groups were MCI: 18 (14.4%); rMDD-MCI: 8 (13.3%); rMDD+MCI: 20 (20.8%). Apathy severity did not differ between groups ((x2 (6) = 4.05, p=0.670)). There was a group by NPI-Q-A interaction F (2, 264) = 3.836, p =.023)). Within rMDD+MCI, the SASP-I was higher in apathetic vs. nonapathetic ((F (1, 88) = 7.303, p =.008)), with no differences between those with and without apathy in other groups. Linear regression analysis showed no significant associations between total NPI-Q scores and SASP index in each group; adjusted values for each group as follows (MCI: β= -0.098, p= 0.257; rMDD-MCI: β=-0.189, p=0.213; rMDD+MCI: β=0.198, p=0.066). Conclusions: In this analysis, the SASP-I was associated with apathy only in participants with rMDD+MCI, but not in each group alone. While consistent with previous literature that apathy predicts cognitive decline, it suggests a different underlying mechanism, involving cellular aging that may be at play particularly in those with both MCI and rMDD. Longitudinal studies on apathy, cognitive decline, and changes in SASP are needed to understand the interaction between aging and the biological mechanisms underlying apathy in these populations.
Advances in Neuromodulation for Older Adults with Mood and Neurocognitive Disorders$$$ Older adults with Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias (ADRD) and those with high risk conditions such as major depressive disorder (D) or mild cognitive impairment (MCI) are growing in numbers. Interventions to treat these conditions early and to prevent cognitive decline and ADRD are highly needed. This session will present results from new studies examining neuromodulation alone or in combination with other modalities in these populations. Dr. Linda Mah will present on deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (dTMS) for older adults with treatment-resistant D or memory concerns. Dr. Krista Lanctôt will present preliminary results from a trial combining transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) with exercise for older adults with early AD or MCI. Last, Dr. Tarek Rajji will present the results of a large 7-year randomized controlled trial (Preventing Alzheimer's dementia with cognitive remediation plus transcranial direct current stimulation in mild cognitive impairment and depression: PACt-) that aimed to prevent cognitive decline and dementia among older adults with MCI or remitted D with or without MCI using the combination of tDCS and cognitive remediation. Overall, this panel will present novel unpublished data across various neuromodulation trials of different designs with various outcomes relevant to preventing cognitive decline and ADRD.
Neuromodulation in Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia (BPSD)$$$ Behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD) affect up to 90% of people living with dementia and include agitation, hallucinations, delusions, sleep or mood changes. BPSD are challenging to treat and there are limited safe and effective pharmacologic treatments. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS), Vagal nerve stimulation (VNS), ketamine, and cannabinoids are interventions that have proven effectiveness for other psychiatric conditions including depression and psychosis. More recently, many of these have also been investigated for the treatment of BPSD. This presentation will review the current evidence for using ECT, TMS, ketamine, DBS, VNS, and cannabinoids for the treatment of BPSD. Out of these techniques, ECT has been the most studied and shows some benefit for the treatment of BPSD. TMS has also been studied in over 10 trials and most of these studies show an improvement in BPSD. The effect of TMS on apathy in dementia has been examined in multiple studies, the majority of which have shown benefit. DBS has shown some benefit for improving hallucinations in Parkinson disease dementia in one small RCT of six patients, and the procedure was well tolerated. VNS for BPSD has not been studied. Ketamine, in evidence from heterogeneous case reports, has shown to target three distinct behavioral disturbances, agitation, catatonia and depression, in dementia. Cannabinoids, particularly dronabinol and nabilone, have also been investigated in a number of RCTs and show mixed results for treating agitation in dementia. Sedation was the most common side effect reported but often did not result in discontinuation of therapy. In conclusion, neuromodulation has increasing evidence for the treatment of BPSD and most studies show good safety profiles. Larger and more rigorous trials are needed to further investigate the effectiveness, safety, and practicality of these interventions in this population. This presentation will summarize the effects of these various interventions, their side effects, doses used, and durations of treatment.
Erratum regarding previously published articles (Journal of Affective Disorders Reports (2022) 10, (S2666915322000889), (10.1016/j.jadr.2022.100396))$$$ The Ethical Statement were not included in the published version of articles that appeared in the issues 8C, 10C, and 13C of the Journal of Affective Disorders Reports. For the below articles, the authors declare that they have no known reports on human studies, especially those involving placebo, symptom provocation, drug discontinuation, or patients with disorders that may impair decision-making capability reported in this paper. Improved Cotard Delusion and Motor Function in Parkinsons Disease following Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) (Volume 8C, April 2022) Seasonal patterns in mindfulness in people with Seasonal Affective Disorder (SAD) (Volume 8C, April 2022) A longitudinal and qualitative analysis of caregiver depression and quality of life in the Cape Town Adolescent Antiretroviral Cohort (Volume 10C, December 2022) Coping with COVID-19: Testing the Stress-Sensitization Hypothesis Among Adults With and Without a History of Adverse Childhood Experiences (Volume 10C, December 2022) Neurophysiological Impact of Theta Burst Stimulation Followed by Cognitive Exercise in Treatment of Youth Depression (Volume 10C, December 2022) Sertraline as an adjunctive treatment for insomnia comorbid with other mental health disorders (Volume 10C, December 2022) The questionable validity of attention bias variability: Evidence from two conceptually unrelated cognitive tasks (Volume 10C, December 2022) Factors Associated with COVID-19-Related Mental Health among Asian Indians in the United States (Volume 10C, December 2022) Risperidone upregulates the expression of adhesion molecules VCAM-I, and P-selectin in high-fat diet-induced obese mice (Volume 13C, July 2023)
Predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of late-life depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment in patients with depression, yet treatment response remains variable. While previous work has identified predictors of remission in younger adults, relatively little data exists in late-life depression (LLD). To address this gap, data from 164 participants with LLD from a randomized non-inferiority treatment trial comparing standard bilateral rTMS to bilateral theta burst stimulation (TBS) (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02998580) were analyzed using binary logistic regression and conditional inference tree (CIT) modeling. Lower baseline depression symptom severity, fewer prior antidepressant treatment failures, and higher global cognition predicted remission following rTMS treatment. The CIT predicted a higher likelihood of achieving remission for patients with a total score of 19 or lower on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale, 1 or fewer prior antidepressant treatment failures, and a total score of 23 or higher on the Montreal Cognitive Assessment. Our results indicate that older adults with lower severity of depression, fewer antidepressant treatment failures, and higher global cognition benefit more from current forms of rTMS. The results suggest that there is potentially higher value in using rTMS earlier in the treatment pathway for depression in older adults.
Comparison of the analgesic effects of "superficial" and "deep" repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with central neuropathic pain: a randomized sham-controlled multicenter international crossover study$$$ We directly compared the analgesic effects of "superficial" and 'deep" repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary motor cortex in patients with central neuropathic pain. Fifty-nine consecutive patients were randomly assigned to active or sham "superficial" (using a figure-of-8 [F8]-coil) or "deep" (using a Hesed [H]-coil) stimulation according to a double-blind crossover design. Each treatment period consisted of 5 daily stimulation sessions and 2 follow-up visits at 1 and 3 weeks after the last stimulation session. The primary outcome was the comparison of the mean change in average pain intensity over the course of the treatment (group × time interaction). Secondary outcomes included neuropathic symptoms (NPSI), pain interference, patient global impression of change (PGIC), anxiety, depression, and catastrophizing. In total, 51 patients participated in at least one session of both treatments. There was a significant interaction between "treatment" and "time" (F = 2.7; P = 0.0024), indicating that both figure-8 (F8-coil) and H-coil active stimulation induced significantly higher analgesic effects than sham stimulation. The analgesic effects of both types of coils had a similar magnitude but were only moderately correlated (r = 0.39, P = 0.02). The effects of F8-coil stimulation appeared earlier, whereas the effects of H-coil stimulation were delayed, but tended to last longer (up to 3 weeks) as regards to several secondary outcomes (PGIC and total NPSI score). In conclusion, "deep" and "superficial" rTMS induced analgesic effects of similar magnitude in patients with central pain, which may involve different mechanisms of action.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Executive Functioning in Veterans with TBI and PTSD: Clinical Outcomes and Connectivity Changes in a Pilot Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Research Objectives: To determine the effect of treatment on stimulation site connectivity, a within-patients general linear model compared pre-treatment versus post-treatment connectivity in active versus sham groups. To determine the relationship between connectivity changes and clinical changes, the linear models were modified to include pre-treatment and post-treatment executive functioning and emotional/mood function. Design: Cross-sectional. Setting: VA Palo Alto. Participants: 33 Veterans with mild-moderate traumatic brain injury (TBI) were randomized into active or sham treatment groups. All Veterans received identical baseline and post-treatment testing batteries, as well as structural and resting state functional MRI (rsfMRI) scan. Interventions: Active rTMS was administered to left dlPFC for 20 sessions. Sham treatment used the same coil, but did not administer stimulation. Resting state functional connectivity was computed for the left anterior middle frontal gyrus (aMFG) stimulation site. Main Outcome Measures: Primary measure for executive functioning was improvement from baseline to post-rTMS treatment performance on Trail Making Test B. Secondary measures included neuropsychological tests of attention and processing speed, as well as self-report measures of depression, PTSD, and quality of life. Results: There was no difference between sham and active groups in pre- to post-treatment Trails B change scores (Sham =5.5±7.9 vs. Active=1.5±7.3; p>.1). There was no significant effect of rTMS treatment between active and sham groups in Trails B T-score immediately post-treatment (p>0.1). PTSD symptoms did have a significant effect on Trails B T-score immediately post treatment, suggesting that patients with PTSD improved on executive functioning regardless of treatment group. In comparison with sham, active treatment led to a significant decrease in connectivity between the TMS site and the cingulo-opercular network, F(1,22)=7.1, p=0.014. An exploratory analysis revealed that this connectivity change was correlated with improvement in processing speed, as measured by WAIS-IV coding (β=0.34, p< 0.05). Conclusions: Our results showed that there were no differences between active and sham groups in the primary outcome measure of executive functioning from pre- to post-rTMS treatment. There was an association between executive functioning and PTSD symptoms regardless of treatment group. Author(s) Disclosures: None.
Effects of Prefrontal Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Executive Function in Veterans with Parkinson's Disease and Mild Cognitive Impairment$$$ Objective: Describe preliminary cognitive effects of 10 sessions of high frequency rTMS targeted to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in Veterans with PD-MCI. Background: Executive function impairment is a hallmark symptom of Parkinson's disease (PD). This includes dysfunction in tasks such as trial and error learning, planning, response monitoring and set shifting. Longitudinal studies indicate that 20-55% of PD patients currently have mild cognitive impairment (PD-MCI); up to 80% may develop dementia (PD-D). There is paucity of effective treatments addressing cognitive decline. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive approach to modulate brain activity. rTMS is an FDA-approved treatment for depression and research indicates a potential utility for cognitive enhancement in neurodegenerative diseases. Design/Methods: Veterans with PD-MCI were enrolled in a randomized control trial. rTMS was targeted with neuronavigation to the left DLPFC. 15Hz rTMS was delivered at 110% resting motor threshold (5sec/train, 40 trains/session). Neuropsychological assessments were collected pre and post intervention and at 1-month follow-up. The primary outcome was the NIHsponsored Executive Abilities: Measures and Instruments for neurobehavioral evaluation and research (NIH-EXAMINER) executive composite score. Safety measures were collected before and after each TMS session. Results: Ten Veterans with PD-MCI were randomized into the active (n=6) or placebo (n=4) group. All ten Veterans completed baseline, endpoint and follow-up measures. Preliminary analysis indicates no difference between the two groups for the NIH-EXAMINER. Baseline executive function scores were generally lower in the control group; both groups demonstrated improvement in executive function. There was no change in depression, apathy, or anxiety outcomes. Covariates, such as age, baseline mood, and medications were not considered in this analysis. Conclusions: The rTMS intervention was safe and feasible for Veterans with PD-MCI. Cognitive improvements occurred in both active and placebo groups; placebo effects should be carefully considered. Covariates and factors that mediate treatment responsiveness should be investigated.
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on postoperative sleep disturbance in older patients undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty: a prospective, double-blind, pilot, randomised controlled trial$$$ Background Postoperative sleep disturbance (PSD) is a common and serious postoperative complication and is associated with poor postoperative outcomes. Aims This study aimed to investigate the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on PSD in older patients undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty. Methods In this prospective, double-blind, pilot, randomised, sham-controlled trial, patients 65 years and over undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty were randomly assigned to receive active tDCS (a-tDCS) or sham tDCS (s-tDCS). The primary outcomes were the objective sleep measures on postoperative nights (N) 1 and N2. results 116 inpatients were assessed for eligibility, and a total of 92 patients were enrolled; 47 received a-tDCS and 45 received s-tDCS. tDCS improved PSD by altering the following sleep measures in the a-tDCS and s-tDCS groups; the respective comparisons were as follows: the promotion of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep time on N1 (64.5 (33.5–105.5) vs 19.0 (0.0, 45.0) min, F=20.10, p<0.001) and N2 (75.0 (36.0–120.8) vs 30.0 (1.3–59.3) min, F=12.55, p<0.001); the total sleep time on N1 (506.0 (408.0–561.0) vs 392.0 (243.0–483.5) min, F=14.13, p<0.001) and N2 (488.5 (455.5–548.5) vs 346.0 (286.5–517.5) min, F=7.36, p=0.007); the deep sleep time on N1 (130.0 (103.3–177.0) vs 42.5 (9.8–100.8) min, F=24.4, p<0.001) and N2 (103.5 (46.0–154.8) vs 57.5 (23.3–106.5) min, F=8.4, p=0.004); and the percentages of light sleep and REM sleep on N1 and N2 (p<0.05 for each). The postoperative depression and anxiety scores did not differ significantly between the two groups. No significant adverse events were reported. Conclusion In older patients undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty, a single session of anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex showed a potentially prophylactic effect in improving postoperative short-term objective sleep measures. However, this benefit was temporary and was not maintained over time.
Cognitive Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Mild Alzheimer's Disease: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Cross-Over Small-Scale Exploratory Study$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is considered a potential therapeutic instrument for Alzheimer's disease (AD) because it affects long-term synaptic plasticity through the processes of long-term potentiation and long-term depression, thereby improving cognitive ability. Nevertheless, the efficacy of tDCS in treating AD is still debated. Dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex is the main role in executive functions. Objective: We investigate the cognitive effects of tDCS on AD patients. Methods: Thirty mild AD patients aged 66-86 years (mean=75.6) were included in a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled crossover study. They were randomly assigned to receive 10 consecutive daily sessions of active tDCS (2mA for 30min) or a sham intervention and switched conditions 3 months later. The anodal and cathodal electrodes were placed on the left dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex and the right supraorbital area, respectively. Subjects underwent various neuropsychological assessments before and after the interventions. Results: The results showed that tDCS significantly improved Cognitive Abilities Screening Instrument scores, especially on the items of 'concentration and calculation', 'orientation', 'language ability', and 'categorical verbal fluency'. Mini-Mental State Examination and Wisconsin Card Sorting Test scores in all domains of 'concept formation', 'abstract thinking', 'cognitive flexibility', and 'accuracy' also improved significantly after tDCS. For the sham condition, no difference was found between the baseline scores and the after-intervention scores on any of the neuropsychological tests. Conclusion: >: Using tDCS improves the cognition of AD patients. Further large size clinical trials are necessary to validate the data.
Personalized and Circuit-Based Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: Evidence, Controversies, and Opportunities$$$ The development of neuroimaging methodologies to map brain connectivity has transformed our understanding of psychiatric disorders, the distributed effects of brain stimulation, and how transcranial magnetic stimulation can be best employed to target and ameliorate psychiatric symptoms. In parallel, neuroimaging research has revealed that higher-order brain regions such as the prefrontal cortex, which represent the most common therapeutic brain stimulation targets for psychiatric disorders, show some of the highest levels of interindividual variation in brain connectivity. These findings provide the rationale for personalized target site selection based on person-specific brain network architecture. Recent advances have made it possible to determine reproducible personalized targets with millimeter precision in clinically tractable acquisition times. These advances enable the potential advantages of spatially personalized transcranial magnetic stimulation targeting to be evaluated and translated to basic and clinical applications. In this review, we outline the motivation for target site personalization, preliminary support (mostly in depression), convergent evidence from other brain stimulation modalities, and generalizability beyond depression and the prefrontal cortex. We end by detailing methodological recommendations, controversies, and notable alternatives. Overall, while this research area appears highly promising, the value of personalized targeting remains unclear, and dedicated large prospective randomized clinical trials using validated methodology are critical.
Improving depressive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia using bilateral bipolar-nonbalanced prefrontal tDCS: Results from a double-blind sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Treating depressive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia is challenging. While transcranical Dicrect Current Stimulation (tDCS) improved other core symptoms of schizophrenia, conflicting results have been obtained on depressive symptoms. Thus, we aimed to expand current evidence on tDCS efficacy to improve depressive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Methods: A double-blind RCT was performed with patients randomized to 2 mA active-tDCS or sham-tDCS (15 daily sessions) with a bilateral bipolar-nonbalanced prefrontal placement (anode: left Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; cathode: right orbitofrontal region). Clinical outcomes included variations of Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia total score (CDSS) and of Depression-hopelessness and Guilty idea of reference-pathological guilt factors. Analysis of covariance was performed evaluating between-group changes over time. The presence/absence of probable clinically significant depression was determined when CDSS > 6. Results: As 50 outpatients were included (both groups, n = 25), significant improvements following active-tDCS were observed for CDSS total score (p = 0.001), Depression-hopelessness (p = 0.001) and Guilty idea of reference-pathological guilt (p = 0.03). Considering patients with CDSS>6 (n = 23), compared to sham, active-tDCS significantly improved CDSS total score (p < 0.001), Depression-hopelessness (p = 0.001) but Guilty idea of reference-pathological guilt only marginally improved (p = 0.051). Considering response rates of clinically significant depression, important reductions of CDSS score were observed (78 % of the sample scored ≤6; active-tDCS, n = 23; sham-tDCS, n = 16; p = 0.017). Early wakening item did not significantly change in any group. Limitations: The study lacks a follow-up period and evaluation of tDCS effects on psychosocial functioning. Conclusions: Bilateral bipolar-nonbalanced prefrontal tDCS is a successful protocol for the treatment of depressive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in physical therapy treatment for adults after stroke: A systematic review$$$ BACKGROUND: Stroke is a clinical syndrome that can cause neurological disorders due to a reduction or interruption in the blood flow at the brain level. Transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) is a non-invasive electrotherapy technique with the ability to modulate the function of nervous tissue. OBJECTIVE: The aim of this review is to analyze the effects derived from the application of the TDCS for post-stroke patients on functionality and mobility. METHODS: The data search was conducted in PubMed, PEDro, Cochrane Library, Web of Science and Scopus between July and August 2023. The search focused on randomized clinical trials conducted in the period of 2019–2023, and according to the selection criteria, seven studies were obtained. RESULTS: The results found are mainly focused on the analysis of the scales Fugl-Meyer Assessment for Upper Extremity and Wolf Motor Function Test. CONCLUSION: The application of TDCS presents benefits in post-stroke individuals on functionality, mobility and other secondary studied variables.
Clinical Outcomes of Magnetic Seizure Therapy vs Electroconvulsive Therapy for Major Depressive Episode: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly effective and rapid in treating depression, but it carries a risk of significant cognitive adverse effects. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), an investigational antidepressant treatment, may maintain the robust antidepressant efficacy of ECT while substantially reducing adverse effects due to its enhanced focality and weaker stimulation strength; however, previous clinical trials of MST were limited by small sample sizes. Objective: To compare the antidepressant efficacy of MST vs ultrabrief pulse right unilateral (RUL) ECT. Design, Setting, and Participants: A between-participants, double-blinded, randomized clinical trial was conducted at 3 academic hospitals from June 2007 to August 2012. Adults aged 18 to 90 years who were referred for treatment with ECT, had a major depressive episode in the context of major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder, and had a baseline 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24) total score of 18 or higher were included. Participants were randomly assigned 1:1 to treatment with MST or ultrabrief pulse RUL ECT. After the treatment course, patients were naturalistically followed up for up to 6 months to examine the durability of clinical effects. Interventions: Treatment with MST, applied at 100 Hz at 100% of the maximum device power for 10 seconds, or ultrabrief pulse RUL ECT, applied at 6 times seizure threshold. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was change from baseline in HDRS-24 total score, with patients followed up for up to 6 months. A reduction of at least 50% in the HDRS-24 score indicated response, and at least a 60% decrease in the HDRS-24 score and a total score of 8 or less indicated remission. Results: Of the 73 participants (41 [56.2%] female; mean [SD] age, 48 [14.1] years), 35 were randomized to MST and 38 to ECT. Among them, 53 (72.6%) were classified as completers (29 in the MST group and 24 in the ECT group). Both MST and ECT demonstrated clinically meaningful antidepressant effects. In the intent-to-treat sample, 18 participants (51.4%) in the MST group and 16 (42.1%) in the ECT group met response criteria; 13 (37.1%) in the MST group and 10 (26.3%) in the ECT group met remission criteria. Among completers, 17 of 29 (58.6%) in the MST group and 15 of 24 (62.5%) in the ECT group met response criteria; 13 of 29 (44.8%) in the MST group and 10 of 24 (41.7%) in the ECT group met remission criteria. There was no significant difference between MST and ECT for either response or remission rates. However, the mean (SD) number of treatments needed to achieve remission was 9.0 (3.1) with MST and 6.7 (3.3) with ECT, a difference of 2.3 treatments (t71.0= 3.1; P =.003). Both MST and ECT showed a sustained benefit over a 6-month follow-up period, again with no significant difference between them. Compared with MST, ECT had significantly longer time to orientation after treatment (threshold level: F1,56= 10.0; P =.003) and greater severity of subjective adverse effects, particularly in the physical and cognitive domains. Conclusions and Relevance: This randomized clinical trial found that the efficacy of MST was indistinguishable from that of ultrabrief pulse RUL ECT, the safest form of ECT currently available. These results support the continued development of MST and provide evidence for advantages relative to state-of-the-art ECT. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00488748.
Efficacy and safety of ketamine-assisted electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive episode: a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To meta-analyze clinical efficacy and safety of ketamine compared with other anesthetic agents in the course of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depressive episode (MDE). Methods: PubMed/MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, Embase, GoogleScholar, and US and European trial registries were searched from inception through May 23, 2023, with no language limits. We included RCTs with (1) a diagnosis of MDE; (2) ECT intervention with ketamine and/or other anesthetic agents; and (3) measures included: depressive symptoms, cognitive performance, remission or response rates, and serious adverse events. Network meta-analysis (NMA) was performed to compare ketamine and 7 other anesthetic agents. Hedges’ g standardized mean differences (SMDs) were used for continuous measures, and relative risks (RRs) were used for other binary outcomes using random-effects models. Results: Twenty-two studies were included in the systematic review. A total of 2322 patients from 17 RCTs were included in the NMA. The overall pooled SMD of ketamine, as compared with propofol as a reference group, was –2.21 (95% confidence interval [CI], –3.79 to –0.64) in depressive symptoms, indicating that ketamine had better antidepressant efficacy than propofol. In a sensitivity analysis, however, ketamine-treated patients had a worse outcome in cognitive performance than propofol-treated patients (SMD, –0.18; 95% CI, –0.28 to –0.09). No other statistically significant differences were found. Conclusions: Ketamine-assisted ECT is tolerable and may be efficacious in improving depressive symptoms, but a relative adverse impact on cognition may be an important clinical consideration. Anesthetic agents should be considered based on patient profiles and/or preferences to improve effectiveness and safety of ECT use.
Navigated and individual α-peak-frequency–guided transcranial magnetic stimulation in male patients with treatment-refractory schizophrenia$$$ Background: Previous electroencephalography (EEG) studies have indicated altered brain oscillatory α-band activity in schizophrenia, and treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using individualized α-frequency has shown therapeutic effects. Magnetic resonance imaging–based neuronavigation methods allow stimulation of a specific cortical region and improve targeting of rTMS; therefore, we sought to study the efficacy of navigated, individual α-peak-frequency–guided rTMS (αTMS) on treatment-refractory schizophrenia. Methods: We recruited medication-refractory male patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder in this double-blind, sham-controlled study. We randomized patients to a 3-week course of either active αTMS or sham stimulation applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). We assessed participants with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) and the Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI) at baseline and after treatment. We conducted a follow-up assessment with the PANSS 3 months after intervention. Results: We included 44 patients. After treatment, we observed a significantly higher PANSS total score (p = 0.029), PANSS general psychopathology score (p = 0.027) and PANSS 5-factor model cognitive–disorganized factor score (p = 0.011) in the αTMS group than the sham group. In addition, the CGI–Improvement score was significantly higher among those who received αTMS compared with sham stimulation (p = 0.048). Limitations: The limited number of study participants included only male patients. Depression was not formally evaluated. Conclusion: Navigated αTMS to the left DLPFC reduced total, general psychopathological, and cognitive –disorganized symptoms of schizophrenia. These results provide evidence for the therapeutic efficacy of individual α-peak-frequency–guided rTMS in treatment-refractory schizophrenia. Clinical trial registration: NCT01941251; ClinicalTrials.gov.
Comparative Efficacy of Augmenting Escitalopram with Modified Electroconvulsive Therapy or High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Depressive Symptoms, Quality of Life, and Cognitive Function in Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) poses significant therapeutic challenges despite available interventions. Escitalopram (ESC) is a highly selective antidepressant. This study aimed to compare ESC alone and ESC combined with modified electroconvulsive therapy (MECT) or high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) in TRD patients. Ninety participants were randomized into ESC alone, ESC + MECT, and ESC + HF-rTMS groups. Notable differences were observed in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) scores at 12 weeks among ESC (14.37), ESC + MECT (10.27), and ESC + HF-rTMS (10.77) groups (P = 0.006). In terms of overall quality of life (QoL) evaluated using the World Health Organization Quality of Life Questionnaire (WHOQOL-BREF) at 12 weeks, the ESC, ESC + MECT, and ESC + HF-rTMS groups scored 2, 3, and 3.5, respectively. ESC + MECT/HF-rTMS groups showed reduced depressive symptoms compared to the ESC group, accompanied by higher overall QoL scores and increased satisfaction with health. Patients receiving ESC + MECT demonstrated no significant alterations in short-term memory and orientation, as measured by the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), before and after treatment. Moreover, a decline in language was observed compared to baseline (12 weeks: median 2, IQR 2-3; baseline: median 1, IQR 1-3; P = 0.022). The positive impact of ESC with HF-rTMS on cognitive function was evidenced by improvements in all domines MoCA. Combining ESC with MECT or HF-rTMS exhibited enhanced effectiveness in alleviating depressive symptoms and enhancing QoL compared to ESC monotherapy. Specifically, the ESC + HF-rTMS combination displayed potential as a comprehensive treatment strategy for TRD, addressing both emotional and cognitive aspects.
The importance of individual beliefs in assessing treatment efficacy$$$ In recent years, there has been debate about the effectiveness of treatments from different fields, such as neurostimulation, neurofeedback, brain training, and pharmacotherapy. This debate has been fuelled by contradictory and nuanced experimental findings. Notably, the effectiveness of a given treatment is commonly evaluated by comparing the effect of the active treatment versus the placebo on human health and/or behaviour. However, this approach neglects the individual’s subjective experience of the type of treatment she or he received in establishing treatment efficacy. Here, we show that individual differences in subjective treatment-the thought of receiving the active or placebo condition during an experiment-can explain variability in outcomes better than the actual treatment. We analysed four independent datasets (N = 387 participants), including clinical patients and healthy adults from different age groups who were exposed to different neurostimulation treatments (transcranial magnetic stimulation: Studies 1 and 2; transcranial direct current stimulation: Studies 3 and 4). Our findings show that the inclusion of subjective treatment can provide a better model fit either alone or in interaction with objective treatment (defined as the condition to which participants are assigned in the experiment). These results demonstrate the significant contribution of subjective experience in explaining the variability of clinical, cognitive, and behavioural outcomes. We advocate for existing and future studies in clinical and non-clinical research to start accounting for participants’ subjective beliefs and their interplay with objective treatment when assessing the efficacy of treatments. This approach will be crucial in providing a more accurate estimation of the treatment effect and its source, allowing the development of effective and reproducible interventions.
Novel Approaches for the Treatment of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder: A Systematic Review of Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation Interventions and Insights from Clinical Trials$$$ First-line treatments for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) encompass a wide range of pharmacotherapies and psychotherapies. However, many patients fail to respond to such interventions, highlighting the need for novel approaches. Due to its ability to modulate cortical activity, non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) could represent a valuable therapeutic tool. Therefore, the aim of this systematic review is to summarize and discuss the existing evidence on the ameliorative effects of NIBS on PTSD and comorbid anxiety and depressive symptoms. Our goal is also to debate the effectiveness of an integrated approach characterized by the combination of NIBS and psychotherapy. This search was conducted following the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses (PRISMA) guidelines in the PubMed, PsycINFO, PsycARTICLES, PSYINDEX, MEDLINE, and ERIC databases. Overall, 31 studies met the eligibility criteria, yielding a total of 26 clinical trials employing transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and 5 making use of transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS). From these studies, it emerged that NIBS consistently reduced overall PTSD symptoms’ severity as well as comorbid anxiety and depressive symptoms. Moreover, we speculate that combining NIBS with prolonged exposure or cognitive processing therapy might represent a promising therapeutic approach for consistently ameliorating subjects’ clinical conditions.
Epigenome Defines Aberrant Brain Laterality in Major Mental Illnesses$$$ Brain-hemisphere asymmetry/laterality is a well-conserved biological feature of normal brain development. Several lines of evidence, confirmed by the meta-analysis of different studies, support the disruption of brain laterality in mental illnesses such as schizophrenia (SCZ), bipolar disorder (BD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), and autism. Furthermore, as abnormal brain lateralization in the planum temporale (a critical structure in auditory language processing) has been reported in patients with SCZ, it has been considered a major cause for the onset of auditory verbal hallucinations. Interestingly, the peripheral counterparts of abnormal brain laterality in mental illness, particularly in SCZ, have also been shown in several structures of the human body. For instance, the fingerprints of patients with SCZ exhibit aberrant asymmetry, and while their hair whorl rotation is random, 95% of the general population exhibit a clockwise rotation. In this work, we present a comprehensive literature review of brain laterality disturbances in mental illnesses such as SCZ, BD, ADHD, and OCD, followed by a systematic review of the epigenetic factors that may be involved in the disruption of brain lateralization in mental health disorders. We will conclude with a discussion on whether existing non-pharmacological therapies such as rTMS and ECT may be used to influence the altered functional asymmetry of the right and left hemispheres of the brain, along with their epigenetic and corresponding gene-expression patterns.
A Narrative Review of Current and Emerging Trends in the Treatment of Alcohol Use Disorder$$$ Alcohol use disorder (AUD) is a significant contributor to morbidity and mortality in the United States. It contributes to over 140,000 annual deaths, to over 200 related diseases and health conditions globally, and accounts for 5.1% of the global disease burden. Despite its substantial impact, AUD remains undertreated, marked by a scarcity of approved medications. This paper explores the current treatment landscape and novel strategies for both alcohol withdrawal syndrome and AUD. Promising results, including the use of psychedelics alongside psychotherapy, noninvasive neural-circuit-based interventions, phosphodiesterase-4 inhibitors, and GLP-1 receptor agonists, have emerged from recent studies. While these advancements show potential, further research is crucial for a comprehensive understanding of their effectiveness. The clear shortage of approved medications and other treatment modalities underscores the pressing need for ongoing research.
High frequency neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in post-stroke shoulder pain: A double-blinded, randomized controlled study$$$ Objective: This study aimed to determine the effect of 5Hz neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the affected primary motor cortex (M1) on pain, the effect of pain on activities of daily living, disability, mood, neurophysiological parameters and passive shoulder joint range of motion in patients with post-stroke shoulder pain. Design: Twenty two patients were randomized into an experimental group (rTMS, n=7) who received daily rTMS 5Hz 1000 pulses, five times/week for three weeks (15 sessions) to the affected M1 and a control group (n=11) who received sham stimulation. Outcome measures were Numeric Rating Scale (NRS), Brief Pain Inventory (BPI), Disabilities of the arm, shoulder, and hand questionnaire (Quick DASH), Hospital Depression Anxiety Scale (HADS), joint range of motion (ROM) measurements, neurophysiological parameters. Selected outcome measures were performed before treatment (T0), after the 5th session (T1) of rTMS treatment, after the 10th session (T2), after the 15th session (T3), and four weeks after the end of the treatment (T4). In the analysis of the outcomes, within-group comparisons were performed by using the Wilcoxon or Friedman test and between-group comparisons were performed by using the Mann-Whitney U test. Results: There was no statistically significant difference between and within groups in terms of change- and followup scores in the NRS measurements (p>0.05). BPI scale was found to be lower in rTMS group at T0 and T3 (p= 0.010). Quick-DASH scores at T4 were found to be significantly lower in rTMS group (p= 0.032). However, no difference was found within each group over time (p>0.05) and there was no statistical difference between the groups in terms of change scores (T3-T0 and T4-T0) (p>0.05) for BPI and Quick-DASH. In rTMS group, there was a statistically significant difference in shoulder external rotation at T3 compared to the baseline (T0) (p=0.039). However, the magnitude of external rotation change (T3-T0) with the treatment was comparable in the groups. No statistically significant change occurred in both treatment groups in other range of motion measurements. Conclusion: High frequency neuronavigated rTMS to the affected M1 did not show any significant beneficial effect on pain, activities of daily living, disability, anxiety and depression, neurophysiological measurements and passive ROM over sham stimulation.
Comparative efficacy and tolerability of different anesthetics in electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: A systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for major depressive disorder. Modern ECT is conducted with anesthesia, however, the optimal anesthetic agent for ECT is yet to be understood. This study is aimed to compare the effects of different anesthetic agents on antidepressant efficacy and tolerability in depressed individuals undergoing ECT. We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, the CENTRAL and PsycINFO for randomized controlled trials from database inception until Nov 13, 2022 (PROSPERO: CRD42022375407). Global and local inconsistencies, heterogeneity and publication bias were assessed. Rankings were calculated with the surface under the cumulative ranking curve. A total of 33 studies involving 1898 patients were enrolled. Remission rates were higher for ketamine anesthesia as compared to adjunctive ketamine and propofol. In terms of ranking, ketamine was found to be first in terms of response/remission rates and depressive scores after the 1st, 3rd and 6th ECT and at the end of ECT session, while a higher incidence of adverse events was also observed. No significant advantage of any anesthetic was revealed for the cognitive function after ECT. In summary, based on current evidence, no specific anesthetic is recommended for ECT anesthesia. However, despite more side effects, ketamine monoanesthesia seems to reveal a potential benefit in improving antidepressant efficacy of ECT, and further studies are needed to investigate the relationship between anesthetic agents and the therapeutic effect of ECT.
Effects of right prefrontal theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct current stimulation on apathy in patients with schizophrenia: A multicenter RCT$$$ Apathy is a core negative symptom associated with an unfavorable functional outcome. Noninvasive brain stimulation has shown promise in the treatment of schizophrenia but has not been tested specifically for apathy. We conducted a randomized controlled trial of intermittent theta-burst (iTBS) transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) targeted at the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in patients diagnosed with a psychotic disorder suffering from apathy. The study was a multicenter, randomized, placebo-controlled, and rater-blinded trial. Patients (N = 88) were randomized into active iTBS, active tDCS, sham iTBS or sham tDCS treatment, daily for two weeks (excluding weekends). Effects were measured post-treatment and at four week and ten week follow-up. Primary outcome was apathy severity (Apathy Evaluation Scale, clinician-rated). Additional measures included assessment of negative symptoms, depression, anhedonia and quality of life. No significant difference in improvement of apathy or negative symptoms was observed for real versus sham treatment with either iTBS or tDCS, though all groups improved to a small extent. We conclude that two weeks of brain stimulation over the right DLPFC with either iTBS or tDCS is not effective for improving apathy or negative symptoms. Longer and more intensive protocols may yield different results.
Safety and efficacy of laquinimod for Huntington's disease (LEGATO-HD): a multicentre, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 study$$$ Background: Laquinimod modulates CNS inflammatory pathways thought to be involved in the pathology of Huntington's disease. Studies with laquinimod in transgenic rodent models of Huntington's disease suggested improvements in motor function, reduction of brain volume loss, and prolonged survival. We aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of laquinimod in improving motor function and reducing caudate volume loss in patients with Huntington's disease. Methods: LEGATO-HD was a multicentre, double-blind, placebo-controlled, phase 2 study done at 48 sites across ten countries (Canada, Czech Republic, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Portugal, Russia, Spain, UK, and USA). Patients aged 21–55 years with a cytosine-adenosine-guanine (CAG) repeat length of between 36 and 49 who had symptomatic Huntington's disease with a Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale-Total Motor Score (UHDRS-TMS) of higher than 5 and a Total Functional Capacity score of 8 or higher were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1) by centralised interactive response technology to laquinimod 0·5 mg, 1·0 mg, or 1·5 mg, or to matching placebo, administered orally once daily over 52 weeks; people involved in the randomisation had no other role in the study. Participants, investigators, and study personnel were masked to treatment assignment. The 1·5 mg group was discontinued before recruitment was finished because of cardiovascular safety concerns in multiple sclerosis studies. The primary endpoint was change from baseline in the UHDRS-TMS and the secondary endpoint was percent change in caudate volume, both comparing the 1·0 mg group with the placebo group at week 52. Primary and secondary endpoints were assessed in the full analysis set (ie, all randomised patients who received at least one dose of study drug and had at least one post-baseline UHDRS-TMS assessment). Safety measures included adverse event frequency and severity, and clinical and laboratory examinations, and were assessed in the safety analysis set (ie, all randomised patients who received at least one dose of study drug). This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02215616, and EudraCT, 2014–000418–75, and is now complete. Findings: Between Oct 28, 2014, and June 19, 2018, 352 adults with Huntington's disease (179 [51%] men and 173 [49%] women; mean age 43·9 [SD 7·6] years and 340 [97%] White) were randomly assigned: 107 to laquinimod 0·5 mg, 107 to laquinimod 1·0 mg, 30 to laquinimod 1·5 mg, and 108 to matching placebo. Least squares mean change from baseline in UHDRS-TMS at week 52 was 1·98 (SE 0·83) in the laquinimod 1·0 mg group and 1·2 (0·82) in the placebo group (least squares mean difference 0·78 [95% CI –1·42 to 2·98], p=0·4853). Least squares mean change in caudate volume was 3·10% (SE 0·38) in the 1·0 mg group and 4·86% (0·38) in the placebo group (least squares mean difference –1·76% [95% CI –2·67 to –0·85]; p=0·0002). Laquinimod was well tolerated and there were no new safety findings. Serious adverse events were reported by eight (7%) patients on placebo, seven (7%) on laquinimod 0·5 mg, five (5%) on laquinimod 1·0 mg, and one (3%) on laquinimod 1·5 mg. There was one death, which occurred in the placebo group and was unrelated to treatment. The most frequent adverse events in all laquinimod dosed groups (0·5 mg, 1·0 mg, and 1·5 mg) were headache (38 [16%]), diarrhoea (24 [10%]), fall (18 [7%]), nasopharyngitis (20 [8%]), influenza (15 [6%]), vomiting (13 [5%]), arthralgia (11 [5%]), irritability (ten [4%]), fatigue (eight [3%]), and insomnia (eight [3%]). Interpretation: Laquinimod did not show a significant effect on motor symptoms assessed by the UHDRS-TMS, but significantly reduced caudate volume loss compared with placebo at week 52. Huntington's disease has a chronic and slowly progressive course, and this study does not address whether a longer duration of laquinimod treatment could have produced detectable and meaningful changes in the clinical assessments. Funding: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries.
Continuous theta burst stimulation to dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in young adults with depression: Changes in resting frontostriatal functional connectivity relevant to positive mood$$$ Depression is associated with diminished positive affect (PA), postulated to reflect frontostriatal reward circuitry disruptions. Depression has consistently been associated with higher dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC) activation, a region that regulates PA through ventral striatum (VS) connections. Low PA in depression may reflect dmPFC's aberrant functional connectivity (FC) with the VS. To test this, we applied theta burst stimulation (TBS) to dmPFC in 29 adults with depression (79% female, Mage = 21.4, SD = 2.04). Using a randomized, counterbalanced design, we administered 3 types of TBS at different sessions: intermittent (iTBS; potentiating), continuous (cTBS; depotentiating), and sham TBS (control). We used neuronavigation to target personalized dmPFC targets based on VS-dmPFC FC. PA and negative affect (NA), and resting-state fMRI were collected pre- and post-TBS. We found no changes in PA or NA with time (pre/post), condition (iTBS, cTBS, sham), or their interaction. Functional connectivity (FC) between the nucleus accumbens and dmPFC showed a significant condition (cTBS, iTBS, and sham) by time (pre-vs. post-TBS) interaction, and post-hoc testing showed decreased pre-to post-TBS for cTBS but not iTBS or sham. For cTBS only, reduced FC pre/post stimulation was associated with increased PA (but not NA). Our findings lend support to the proposed mechanistic model of aberrant FC between the dmPFC and VS in depression and suggest a way forward for treating depression in young adults. Future studies need to evaluate multi-session TBS to test clinical effects.
Trend and geo-availability of somatic therapies for treatment resistant depression in the US$$$ Background: Having failed at least two pharmacotherapies, treatment-resistant depression (TRD) constitutes a major burden to healthcare in the US and globally, affecting close to a third of people diagnosed with depression in the US. Several studies have demonstrated the higher economic burden associated with TRD. This study sought to investigate changes in the availability of TRD somatic treatment options (Electroconvulsive therapy [ECT], Ketamine infusion therapy (KIT), and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation [TMS]) in the US between 2014 and 2020 and the geographic variations in availability of TRD treatment options in the US as of 2020. Method: This study is a cross-sectional study of US mental health facilities providing TRD treatment options between 2014 and 2020. We used the 2014 to 2020 National Mental Health Services Survey (N-MHSS) data from the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Service Administration (SAMHSA). We estimated service availability per 100,000 US adults, both nationally and regionally, and computed a random-effect logistic regression to calculate the changes in the availability of the services over the study period. Result: Overall, availability of any one of ECT, KIT, or TMS in US mental health facilities declined between 2014 and 2019 (0.23 vs. 0.18 per 100,000 US adults) but increased to 0.24 in 2020. While availability of ECT consistently declined between 2014 and 2020, ketamine and TMS reportedly became available only in 2020. North Dakota, Wyoming, and Utah had the highest availability per 100,000 US adults (0.86, 0.67, and 0.65) while Nevada, Oregon and Georgia had the lowest availability (0.04, 0.06, and 0.06) regionally. Conclusion: The US had less than one mental health facility offering somatic treatment options for TRD per 100,000 US adults as of 2020. Also, the observed increase in the availability of somatic treatment options for TRD across the US between 2014 and 2020 did not reflect the increasing need for more treatment options for the treatment of TRD.
Impact of multiple-session home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (M-HB-tDCS) on eating behavior in fibromyalgia: A factorial randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Multiple-session home-based self-applied transcranial direct current stimulation (M-HB-self-applied-tDCS) has previously been found to effectively reduce chronic pain and enhance cognitive function. However, the effectiveness of this method for disordered eating behavior still needs to be studied. Objective: This study aimed to assess whether 20 sessions of M-HB-self-applied-tDCS, administered over four weeks to either the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC) or primary motor cortex (M1), could improve various aspects of eating behavior, anthropometric measures, and adherence. Methods: We randomly assigned 102 fibromyalgia patients between the ages of 30 and 65 to one of four tDCS groups: L-DLPFC (anodal-(a)-tDCS, n = 34; sham-(s)-tDCS, n = 17) or M1 (a-tDCS, n = 34; s-tDCS, n = 17). Patients self-administered 20-min tDCS sessions daily with 2 mA under remote supervision following in-person training. Results: Generalized linear models revealed significant effects of M-HB-self-applied-tDCS compared to s-tDCS on uncontrolled eating (UE) (Wald χ2 = 5.62; df = 1; P = 0.018; effect size, ES = 0.55), and food craving (Wald χ2 = 5.62; df = 1; P = 0.018; ES = 0.57). Regarding fibromyalgia symptoms, we found a differentiated impact of a-tDCS on M1 compared to DLPFC in reducing food cravings. Additionally, M-HB-a-tDCS significantly reduced emotional eating and waist size. In contrast, M1 stimulation was more effective in improving fibromyalgia symptoms. The global adherence rate was high, at 88.94%. Conclusion: These findings demonstrate that M-HB-self-applied-tDCS is a suitable approach for reducing uncontrolled and emotional eating, with greater efficacy in L-DLPFC. Furthermore, these results revealed the influence of fibromyalgia symptoms on M-HB-self-applied-tDCS's, with M1 being particularly effective in mitigating food cravings and reducing fibromyalgia symptoms.
Efficacy of neuromodulation on the treatment of fibromyalgia: A network meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Several types of neuromodulation have been investigated for the treatment of fibromyalgia, but they show varied efficacy on pain, functioning, comorbid depression and comorbid anxiety. Whether some types of neuromodulation or some factors are associated with a better response also awaits clarification. Methods: We conducted a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to evaluate the efficacy of neuromodulation in patients with fibromyalgia. We searched PubMed, EMBASE, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and PsycINFO before March 2022. We employed a frequentist random-effects network meta-analysis. Results: Forty trials involving 1541 participants were included. Compared with sham control interventions, several types of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS), and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) were associated with significant reduction of pain, depression, anxiety, and improvement in functioning. Many significantly effective treatment options involve stimulation of the primary motor cortex or dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Conclusion: We concluded that several types of rTMS, tDCS and tRNS may have the potential to be applied for clinical purposes.
Comparable Efficacy of Repeated Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, and Their Combination in Improvement of Cold and Hot Cognitive Functions and Amelioration of Depressive Symptoms$$$ This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation (rtDCS), cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), and their combination (rtDCS-CBT) in the treatment of cognitive dysfunction, social cognition, and depressive symptoms in women diagnosed with major depressive disorder (MDD). A total of 40 female participants with MDD were randomly assigned to one of four groups: rtDCS, CBT, rtDCS-CBT, and a control group. The participants' depressive symptoms, executive functions, and social cognition were assessed at baseline, preintervention, postintervention, and during a 1-month follow-up. The rtDCS group received 10 sessions of anodal dorsolateral and cathodal ventromedial prefrontal cortex (2 mA for 20 minutes). The CBT group received 10 sessions of traditional CBT, whereas the combined group received CBT after the tDCS sessions. The results of the analysis of variance indicated that all intervention groups demonstrated significant improvements in depressive symptoms, cognitive dysfunction, and social cognition compared with the control group (all p < 0.001). Furthermore, the rtDCS-CBT group exhibited significantly greater reductions in depressive symptoms when compared with each intervention alone (all p < 0.001). Notably, working memory improvements were observed only in the rtDCS group (p < 0.001). In conclusion, this study suggests that both CBT and tDCS, either individually or in combination, have a positive therapeutic impact on enhancing executive functions, theory of mind, and depressive symptoms in women with MDD.
High-Definition Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation-Primed Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Controlled Study$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is a common problem faced by clinicians worldwide with no agreed upon treatment protocol. Priming is a technique that can enhance the sensitivity of the brain to therapy using techniques that increase or decrease the excitability of the cortex. Studies on cross-modality priming remain sparse. Objectives The aim of this study was to evaluate whether high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HDtDCS) priming improves the efficacy of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) in improving TRD. Methodology A prospective hospital-based, randomized control study where the participants were divided into active or sham HDtDCS-primed iTBS stimulation groups for a total of 10 sessions and were assessed on clinical parameters at baseline, end of week 1, and end of week 2 was done. Primary outcome of the study was the difference in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores over 2 weeks of HDtDCS-primed iTBS. Result A significant effect of time was seen over HDRS scores in both active and sham groups with a large effect size. Significant effect of time was also found over the Clinical Global Impressions-Severity Scale scores of patients with a large effect size. The difference in the improvement in depressive severity as measured using HDRS and Clinical Global Impressions-Severity Scale scores between active and sham groups was also found to be significant with large effect sizes. Conclusion High-definition tDCS-primed iTBS is superior to normal iTBS in patients with depression who have failed a trial of 2 antidepressants, whereas both mechanisms are of benefit to the patients.
Theta burst stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex induces striatal dopamine release. A combined Positron Emission Tomography–Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation study$$$ Introduction: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique which can modulate connectivity in the human brain and it is widely used for clinical purposes such as depression treatments with long stimulation protocols to the Pre Frontal Cortex (PFC). In this multi-modal study, We combined Positron Emission Tomography (PET) and TMS technique to investigate the fronto-striatal connectivity in the human brain, which are responsible for a wide range of motor and cognitive functions that includes emotion regulation, movement and attention. In PET sessions, we measured the release of endogenous dopamine in the striatum in response to repeated blocks of excitatory, intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) of the Left-Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (L-DLPFC). The 18F-DesmethoxyFallypride (DMFP) was employed, which is a selective striatal Dopamine receptor radio ligand. The major objective of the current study was to test the dose dependent effects of iTBS over the left DLPFC on the dopamine release in the striatum. Methods: A total of 23 healthy participants were recruited for the study, who underwent iTBS sham (control) and verum (active) stimulations on separate days. The stimulation intensity was set at 90% of resting motor threshold (rMT) for the verum (active) condition. In both stimulation session, the total duration of the PET scan was 120 min (28 time frames), consisting of 4 excitatory iTBS delivered to the left-DLPFC at 30 min interval. PET dynamic data was analysed using reference method in which cerebellum was used as the reference region (due to lack of D2-D3receptors). Receptor Binding Ratios were the main outcome measure representing the ligand binding which is inversely proportional to the Dopamine levels. Mean Binding Potentials in the sub-regions of the striatum were compared between the two conditions using analysis of variance (ANOVA). Results: Mean Binding Potentials (BP) showed a significant difference between sham and verum stimulations. We observed lower Binding ratios in the verum stimulation compared to sham stimulation. Verum iTBS increased the dopamine release in both striatal sub-regions, relative to sham iTBS. Dopamine levels in the verum stimulation session increased progressively across the time frames within about 75 min (after three doses of iTBS stimulation) and then essentially remained unchanged until the end of the session. Conclusions: Results suggest that the short-timed iTBS protocol performed in time-spaced blocks can effectively induce a dynamic dose dependent increase dopaminergic fronto-striatal connectivity. This scheme could represent a valuable alternative to unpleasant, long stimulation protocols in experimental and therapeutic settings. Specifically, our results demonstrate that three repeated iTBS, spaced by a short time period, achieve larger effects than one single stimulation. This finding has implications for the planning of therapeutic interventions such as treatment of major depression.
The role of carbon dioxide in electroconvulsive therapy: Assessing the necessity of forced hyperventilation$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a modern neurostimulation procedure rated with recommendation grade A in the new National Disease Management Guideline for treatment-resistant depression. The therapeutic agent is the convulsion. The qualitative assessment of the convulsion remains a prevalent topic in research and literature. It is commonly evaluated based on the following quality criteria: duration, heart rate, and additionally hemispheric coherence, amplitude, and postictal suppression in the EEG. Treatment parameters, such as anesthetic agents, charge, and placement of stimulation, are individually adjusted according to these criteria to optimize clinical outcomes and minimize side effects. Complementary, anesthesia is performed in such a way that the convulsive threshold is initially kept as low as possible by briefly lowering the partial pressure of carbon dioxide (PCO2). Common practice involves forced hyperventilation via mask ventilation or intubation, which continues shortly into the convulsion phase. Even if performed only for a limited time, hyperventilation during artificial ventilation is not free of risks, such as barotrauma or decreased cerebral blood flow. Objective: This study aims to determine whether forced hyperventilation to lower PCO2 is associated with better quality criteria in ECT treatments. Method: A retrospective evaluation of treatment data from clinical practice will be conducted to determine if there is an inverse correlation between CO2 measured via capnometry and quality score (duration, pulse, and EEG). This score ranges from 0% to 100%. Five potential covariates such as age, gender, anesthetic agent, charge, and placement of stimulation are also included. We use a linear mixed effects model that considers individual variation among patients as a random effect. The influence of CO2, as well as the five covariates named above, on the quality score is evaluated. Results (Preliminary): In a preliminary evaluation of 92 treatments involving 10 patients from 2019 to 2023 (7 women and 3 men with an average age of 61.80 years (SD = 16.07)), 18 esketamine and 74 etomidate treatments were included. The mean quality score was 80.38% (SD = 22.64). The average CO2 value was 25.78 mmHg (SD = 4.50). The mean charge was 124.02% (SD = 44.85%). In this preliminary model, CO2 had a significant influence (p =.002) on the quality score with an estimate of −65.12. Additionally, etomidate anesthesia (estimate = 1586.74, p =.008), age (estimate = −4040.09, p =.03), and charge (estimate = −12.77, p =.01) also showed significant impacts on the quality score. Conclusion: The results suggest that both individual factors (age) and treatment parameters, such as CO2, charge, and anesthesia agent, influence the quality score. A lower CO2 value was associated with an improved quality score. For further analysis and presentation, the inclusion of approximately 150 patients from 2018 to 2023 is planned.
tDCS reduces depression and state anxiety symptoms in older adults from the augmenting cognitive training in older adults study (ACT)$$$ Background: Pharmacological interventions for depression and anxiety in older adults often have significant side effects, presenting the need for more tolerable alternatives. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising non-pharmacological intervention for depression in clinical populations. However, its effects on depression and anxiety symptoms, particularly in older adults from the general public, are understudied. Objective: We conducted a secondary analysis of the Augmenting Cognitive Training in Older Adults (ACT) trial to assess tDCS efficacy in reducing psychological symptoms in older adults. We hypothesized that active stimulation would yield greater reductions in depression and state anxiety compared to sham post-intervention and at the one-year follow-up. We also explored tDCS effects in subgroups characterized by baseline symptom severity. Methods: A sample of 378 older adults recruited from the community completed a 12-week tDCS intervention with cognitive or education training. Electrodes were placed at F3/F4, and participants received active or sham tDCS during training sessions. We assessed the association between tDCS group and changes in depression, state anxiety, and trait anxiety from baseline to post-intervention and one-year controlling for covariates. Results: The active tDCS group demonstrated greater reductions in depression and state anxiety compared to sham post-intervention, particularly in individuals with mild depression and moderate/severe state anxiety at baseline. Furthermore, the active tDCS group with moderate/severe state anxiety maintained greater symptom reductions at one-year. Conclusions: tDCS effectively reduced depression and state anxiety symptoms in a large sample of older adults. These findings highlight the importance of considering symptom severity when identifying those who may benefit most from this intervention.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with tinnitus retraining therapy on sleep disorders in patients with chronic tinnitus$$$ – OBJECTIVE: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) combined with tinnitus retraining therapy (TRT) on clinical efficacy and sleep disorder in patients with chronic tinnitus. PATIENTS AND METHODS: 126 patients with chronic tinnitus treated in our hospital from May 2020 to June 2022 were retrospectively analyzed. These subjects were randomly divided into two groups: the electrical stimulation group and the combined group, in line with the random table method, with 63 patients in each group. Patients in the electrical stimulation group received TDCS treatment, and patients in the combined group were given TDCS combined with TRT. The clinical effects, tinnitus severity [Tinnitus Evaluation Questionnaire (TEQ) score and Tinnitus handicap inventory (THI) score], sleep status [Sleep Status Rating Scale (SRSS) score and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) score], psychological status [Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) score and Self Rating Depression Scale (SDS) score] and the quality of life (Quality of Life Scale) of these subjects in two groups were analyzed. RESULTS: The clinical effect of simple TDCS was 82.53%, which was sharply lower compared to 95.24% in the combined group (p<0.05). After the treatment, TEQ score, THI score, SRSS score, PSQI score, HAMA score, and SDS score were decreased in both groups (p<0.05), and the combined group was much lower than the TDCS group (p<0.01). Compared with the pre-treatment period, the scores of restrictions in daily living, medical resource utilization, somatic symptoms, and emotional disturbance were elevated in both groups after treatment, and the combined group had markedly higher scores than the TDCS group (p<0.05). CONCLUSIONS: TDCS combined with TRT had obvious effects in treating chronic tinnitus, which largely reduced the severity of tinnitus, improved patients’ sleep quality and psychological status, and improved the quality of life, indicating a certain worthy of clinical application and promotion.
Effects of accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation in modulating brain of Alzheimer's disease$$$ Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is emerging as a noninvasive therapeutic strategy for Alzheimer's disease (AD). Recent advances highlighted a new accelerated iTBS (aiTBS) protocol, consisting of multiple sessions per day and higher overall pulse doses, in brain modulation. To examine the possibility of applying the aiTBS in treating AD patients, we enrolled 45 patients in AD at early clinical stages, and they were randomly assigned to either receive real or sham aiTBS. Neuropsychological scores were evaluated before and after treatment. Moreover, we detected cortical excitability and oscillatory activity changes in AD, by the single-pulse TMS in combination with EEG (TMS-EEG). Real stimulation showed markedly better performances in the group average of Auditory Verbal Learning Test scores compared to baseline. TMS-EEG revealed that aiTBS has reinforced this memory-related cortical mechanism by increasing cortical excitability and beta oscillatory activity underlying TMS target. We also found an enhancement of local natural frequency after aiTBS treatment. The novel findings implicated that high-dose aiTBS targeting left DLPFC is rapid-acting, safe, and tolerable in AD patients. Furthermore, TMS-related increase of specific neural oscillation elucidates the mechanisms of the AD cognitive impairment ameliorated by aiTBS.
Clinical characteristics and treatment exposure of patients with marked treatment-resistant unipolar major depressive disorder: A RECOVER trial report$$$ Background: RECOVER is a randomized sham-controlled trial of vagus nerve stimulation and the largest such trial conducted with a psychiatric neuromodulation intervention. Objective: To describe pre-implantation baseline clinical characteristics and treatment history of patients with unipolar, major depressive disorder (MDD), overall and as a function of exposure to interventional psychiatric treatments (INTs), including electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and esketamine. Methods: Medical, psychiatric, and treatment records were reviewed by study investigators and an independent Study Eligibility Committee prior to study qualification. Clinical characteristics and treatment history (using Antidepressant Treatment History [Short] Form) were compared in those qualified (N = 493) versus not qualified (N = 228) for RECOVER, and among the qualified group as a function of exposure to INTs during the current major depressive episode (MDE). Results: Unipolar MDD patients who qualified for RECOVER had marked TRD (median of 11.0 lifetime failed antidepressant treatments), severe disability (median WHODAS score of 50.0), and high rate of baseline suicidality (77% suicidal ideation, 40% previous suicide attempts). Overall, 71% had received at least one INT. Compared to the no INT group, INT recipients were younger and more severely depressed (QIDS-C, QIDS-SR), had greater suicidal ideation, earlier diagnosis of MDD, and failed more antidepressant medication trials. Conclusions: RECOVER-qualified unipolar patients had marked TRD and marked treatment resistance with most failing one or more prior INTs. Treatment with ≥1 INTs in the current MDE was associated with earlier age of MDD onset, more severe clinical presentation, and greater treatment resistance relative to patients without a history of INT. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT03887715.
Pharmacological adjuncts and transcranial magnetic stimulation-induced synaptic plasticity: a systematic review$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive neurostimulation modality that has been used to study human synaptic plasticity. Leveraging work in ex vivo preparations, mechanistically informed pharmacological adjuncts to TMS have been used to improve our fundamental understanding of TMS-induced synaptic plasticity. Methods: We systematically reviewed the literature pairing pharmacological adjuncts with TMS plasticity-induction protocols in humans. We searched MEDLINE, PsycINFO, and Embase from 2013 to Mar. 10, 2023. Studies published before 2013 were extracted from a previous systematic review. We included studies using repetitive TMS, theta-burst stimulation, paired associative stimulation, and quadripulse stimulation paradigms in healthy and clinical popu-lations. Results: Thirty-six studies met our inclusion criteria (28 in healthy and 8 in clinical populations). Most pharmacological agents have targeted the glutamatergic N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA; 15 studies) or dopamine receptors (13 studies). The NMDA receptor is necessary for TMS-induced plasticity; however, sufficiency has not been shown across protocols. Dopaminergic modulation of TMS-induced plasticity appears to be dose-dependent. The GABAergic, cholinergic, noradrenergic, and serotonergic neurotransmitter sys-tems have small evidence bases supporting modulation of TMS-induced plasticity, as do voltage-gated calcium and sodium channels. Studies in clinical populations suggest that pharmacological adjuncts to TMS may rescue motor cortex plasticity, with implications for therapeutic applications of TMS and a promising clinical trial in depression. Limitations: This review is limited by the predominance in the literature of studies with small sample sizes and crossover designs. Conclusion: Pharmacologically enhanced TMS largely parallels findings from ex vivo preparations. As this area expands and novel targets are tested, adequately powered samples in healthy and clinical populations will inform the mechanisms of TMS-induced plasticity in health and disease.
Antidepressant effects of dexmedetomidine compared with ECT in patients with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Objective: This pilot study was designed to investigate the antidepressant effects of dexmedetomidine (DEX), a selective α2-adrenergic receptor agonist, in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). The antidepressant effects of dexmedetomidine was compared with ECT, which is widely used in clinical practice for treatment of patients with TRD. Methods: Seventy six patients with TRD were randomly assigned to receive 10 sessions of DEX infusions or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment. The primary outcome was the changes of depression severity determined by the improvement of 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24). The second outcomes were the rates of therapeutic response (reduction in HDRS-24 ≥ 50 %) and remission (HDRS-24 ≤ 10 and reduction in HDRS-24 ≥ 60 %) at posttreatment and after 3 months of follow-up visits. Results: We found that 10 sessions of DEX infusions or ECT treatments significantly improved HDRS-24 scores at posttreatment and after 3 months of follow-up visits compared with the baseline. In addition, there was no significant difference between DEX infusions and ECT treatments regarding HDRS-24 at these evaluating points. Furthermore, the depression severity dropped to mild after 2 sessions of DEX infusion. In contrast, at least 6 sessions of ECT treatment were needed to achieve a same level. Finally, the rates of therapeutic response and remission were comparable between the two groups. No serious adverse events were observed. Conclusions: Based on current published evidence, we conclude that DEX exhibits rapid and durable antidepressant properties similar to ECT but with fewer side effects.
Investigating the impact of adjunctive priming repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in late-life depression: A pilot single-blind randomized control study$$$ Background Conventional treatment methods have limited effectiveness in addressing late-life depression (LLD) that does not respond well. While a new approach called priming repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown promise in treating depression in adults, its effectiveness in LLD has not been explored. This study aimed to investigate the impact of priming rTMS on LLD. Methods This study investigated the effectiveness of priming rTMS in 31 patients with LLD who did not improve after an adequate trial of antidepressants. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either active priming rTMS or sham priming rTMS. Active priming rTMS was delivered over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 10 sessions, lasting 31 minutes each, over a period of 2 weeks. Results The group receiving active priming rTMS demonstrated greater improvements in scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (p < 0.037; partial η2 0.141) and the Geriatric Depression Rating Scale (p < 0.045; partial η2 0.131) compared to the sham priming group, with a mild effect size. At the end of the second and fourth weeks, the priming rTMS group achieved a response rate of 50%, while the sham priming group had response rates of 26.7% and 6.7%, respectively. No adverse effects requiring intervention were observed. Conclusion Priming rTMS is well-tolerated for the treatment of LLD and not only reduces the severity of depression but also maintains the achieved response over time.
Insights into the management of Lewy body dementia: A scoping review$$$ Lewy body dementia (LBD) is situated at the convergence of neurodegenerative disorders, posing an intricate and diverse clinical dilemma. The accumulation of abnormal protein in the brain, namely, the Lewy body causes disturbances in typical neural functioning, leading to a range of cognitive, motor, and mental symptoms that have a substantial influence on the overall well-being and quality of life of affected individuals. There is no definitive cure for the disease; however, several nonpharmacological and pharmacological modalities have been tried with questionable efficacies. The aim of this study is to figure out the role of different interventional strategies in the disease. Donepezil, rivastigmine, memantine, and galantamine were the commonly used drugs for LBD. Together with that, levodopa, antipsychotics, armodafinil, piracetam, and traditional medications like yokukansan were also used, when indicated. Talking about nonpharmacological measures, exercise, physical therapy, multicomponent therapy, occupational therapy, psychobehavioral modification, transcranial stimulation, and deep brain stimulation have been used with variable efficacies. Talking about recent advances in the treatment of LBD, various disease-modifying therapies like ambroxol, neflamapimod, irsenontrine, nilotinib, bosutinib, vodobatinib, clenbuterol, terazosin, elayta, fosgonimeton, and anle138b are emerging out. However, there drugs are still in the different phases of clinical trials and are not commonly used in clinical practice. With the different pharmacological and nonpharmacological modalities we have for treatment of LBD, all of them offer symptomatic relief only. Being a degenerative disease, definite cure of the disease can only be possible with regenerative measures.
Treatment of adult attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS): study protocol for a parallel, randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled, multicenter trial (Stim-ADHD)$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation treatment used as an alternative or complementary treatment for various neuropsychiatric disorders, and could be an alternative or add-on therapy to psychostimulants in attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). Previous studies provided some evidence for improvements in cognition and clinical symptoms in pediatric and adult ADHD patients. However, data from multi-center randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for this condition are lacking. Thus, our aim is to evaluate short- and mid-term effects of tDCS in this multi-center, randomized, double blind, and sham-controlled, parallel group clinical trial with a 1:1 randomization ratio. Primary endpoint is the total score of DSM-IV scale of the internationally established Conners’ Adult ADHD Rating Scales (German self-report screening version, CAARS-S-SR), at day 14 post-intervention (p.i.) to detect short-term lasting effects analyzed via analyses of covariance (ANCOVAs). In case of significant between-groups differences at day 14 p.i., hierarchically ordered hypotheses on mid-term lasting effects will be investigated by linear mixed models with visit (5 time points), treatment, treatment by visit interaction, and covariates as fixed categorical effects plus a patient-specific visit random effect, using an unstructured covariance structure to model the residual within-patient errors. Positive results of this clinical trial will expand the treatment options for adult ADHD patients with tDCS and provide an alternative or add-on therapy to psychostimulants with a low risk for side effects. Trial Registration The trial was registered on July 29, 2022 in the German Clinical Trials Register (DRKS00028148).
Theta burst stimulation add on to dialectical behavioral therapy in borderline-personality-disorder: methods and design of a randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled pilot trial$$$ Specialized psychotherapeutic treatments like dialectical behavioral therapy (DBT) are recommended as first treatment for borderline personality disorder (BPD). In recent years, studies have emerged that focus on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in BPD. Both have independently demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of BPD. Intermitted theta burst stimulation (iTBS), a modified design of rTMS, is thought to increase the excitability of neurons and could be a supplement to psychotherapy in addition to being a standalone treatment. However, no studies to date have investigated the combination of DBT and rTMS/iTBS. This study protocol describes the methods and design of a randomized, single-blinded, sham-controlled clinical pilot study in which BPD patients will be randomly assigned to either iTBS or sham during four consecutive weeks (20 sessions in total) in addition to standardized DBT treatment. The stimulation will focus on the unilateral stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), which plays an important role in the control of impulsivity and risk-taking. Primary outcome is the difference in borderline symptomatology, while secondary target criteria are depressive symptoms, general functional level, impulsivity and self-compassion. Statistical analysis of therapy response will be conducted by Mixed Model Repeated Measurement using a 2 × 2-factorial between-subjects design with the between-subject factor stimulation (TMS vs. Sham) and the within-subject factor time (T0 vs. T1). Furthermore, structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) will be conducted and analyzed. The study will provide evidence and insight on whether iTBS has an enhancing effect as add-on to DBT in BPD. Trial registration: drks.de (DRKS00020413) registered 13/01/2020.
Connectivity-guided intermittent theta burst versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Disruption in reciprocal connectivity between the right anterior insula and the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is associated with depression and may be a target for neuromodulation. In a five-center, parallel, double-blind, randomized controlled trial we personalized resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging neuronavigated connectivity-guided intermittent theta burst stimulation (cgiTBS) at a site based on effective connectivity from the right anterior insula to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We tested its efficacy in reducing the primary outcome depression symptoms measured by the GRID Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17-item over 8, 16 and 26 weeks, compared with structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) delivered at the standard stimulation site (F3) in patients with ‘treatment-resistant depression’. Participants were randomly assigned to 20 sessions over 4–6 weeks of either cgiTBS (n = 128) or rTMS (n = 127) with resting-state functional MRI at baseline and 16 weeks. Persistent decreases in depressive symptoms were seen over 26 weeks, with no differences between arms on the primary outcome GRID Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17-item score (intention-to-treat adjusted mean, −0.31, 95% confidence interval (CI) −1.87, 1.24, P = 0.689). Two serious adverse events were possibly related to TMS (mania and psychosis). MRI-neuronavigated cgiTBS and rTMS were equally effective in patients with treatment-resistant depression over 26 weeks (trial registration no. ISRCTN19674644).
An ancient psychedelic for traumatic brain injury$$$ In military veterans with traumatic brain injury, treatment with ibogaine plus magnesium led to dramatic clinical improvements and a favorable safety profile; further studies with state-of-the art safety monitoring will be crucial to unlocking the potential benefits of this psychedelic compound.
NO IMPACT OF TDCS ON STRESS-INDUCED STATE RUMINATION AND NO INFLUENCE OF EXECUTIVE CONTROL AND TRAIT RUMINATION: A DOUBLE-BLIND SHAM-CONTROLLED WITHIN-SUBJECTS STUDY$$$ Objective: Rumination is conceptualized as a critical transdiagnostic vulnerability and maintenance factor for affective dysregulation and related emotional disorders. Recent research has pointed to transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a novel therapeutic tool for alleviating rumination, especially stress-induced rumination. However, the mechanisms of action underlying this effect remain unclear, particularly regarding the potential moderating role of executive control and trait-like rumination. Therefore, in this study, we investigated the impact of anodal tDCS on stress-induced rumination and the potential moderating influence of executive control and trait-like rumination on this effect. Method: Forty participants from the general community (i.e., unselected sample) took part in a double-blind within-subjects design study wherein we compared anodal stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex(dlPFC) with a sham-stimulation procedure. Participants completed an N-back task, reflecting executive control, during tDCS stimulation, followed by a stress-induction protocol wherein we assessed stress-induced state rumination. Results: We found no significant effect of tDCS on stress-induced state rumination and no modulation by executive control or trait rumination. Post-hoc Bayesian analyses corroborated these results and even supported the hypothesis that anodal tDCS does not impact stress-induced rumination. Conclusions: From a clinical perspective, our results are at odds with the current outlook that tDCS is a viable tool for reducing rumination, particularly stress-induced rumination. However, we firmly believe that the results of null-finding studies, such as those from this study, are particularly valuable for future iterations and meta-research on tDCS as a potential tool for targeting transdiagnostic processes, such as rumination. We also addressed methodological limitations and directions for future research in this area.
Adjunctive continuous theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder or bipolar depression: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled studies$$$ Objectives: As a novel type of theta burst stimulation (TBS), continuous TBS (cTBS) has been shown to have mixed therapeutic effects for major depressive disorder (MDD) or bipolar depression (BD). Thus, we performed a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of cTBS for treating major depressive episodes in patients with MDD or BD. Methods: A systematic search of four major bibliographic databases (PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and PsycINFO) was conducted from inception dates to February 3, 2023 to identify eligible studies. The data were analyzed using a random-effects model. Results: Three RCTs (n = 78, active cTBS = 37 and sham cTBS = 41) were included the meta-analysis. No significant differences were found in terms of change in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) scores (3 RCTs, n = 78, SMD = -0.09, 95 % CI: −0.53 to 0.36; I2 = 0 %; P = 0.71) and study-defined response (2 RCTs, n = 58, 26.7 % versus 21.4 %, RR = 1.20, 95 % CI: 0.48 to 2.96; I2 = 0 %; P = 0.70) between active and sham cTBS groups. Similarly, no group differences were found in the rates of adverse events and discontinuation due to any reason (P > 0.05). Limitations: Meta-analysis had small sample sizes and low number of included studies. Conclusions: Although cTBS appeared to be a safe and well-tolerated option for treating major depressive episodes in MDD or BD patients, no advantage in treatment effects was found in this meta-analysis. Future large-scale studies are warranted to assess the efficacy of cTBS for MDD or BD patients with a major depressive episode.
Whole-Body Cryostimulation as an Adjunctive Treatment for Neurophysiologic Tinnitus and Associated Disorders: Preliminary Evidence from a Case Study$$$ Background: Tinnitus, which is often associated with reduced quality of life, depression, and sleep disturbances, lacks a definitive treatment targeting its pathophysiological mechanism. Inflammatory markers like TNF-α have been linked to tinnitus, thereby underlining the necessity for innovative therapies. This case study investigates the potential benefits of a multi-approach rehabilitation intervention involving whole-body cryostimulation (WBC) for a 47-year-old male suffering from chronic neurophysiologic tinnitus, who had underwent various unsuccessful treatments from 2005. Methods: the patient underwent a personalized, multidisciplinary rehabilitation intervention covering diet, pharmacotherapy, physiotherapy and physical activity classes tailored to the patient’s needs and capacities, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and whole-body cryostimulation (WBC). Results: The adjunctive WBC intervention resulted in a significant progressive improvement in tinnitus severity (tinnitus handicap inventory Δ% = −46.3%, VAS tinnitus score Δ% = −40%). Additional positive outcomes were noted in sleep quality (PSQI Δ% = −41.67%), emotional wellbeing (BDI Δ% = −41.2%), and quality of life (SF-36, WHO-5 Δ% = +16.5). Conclusions: This study supports the existing literature suggesting the potential of WBC as an adjunct in a multi-approach intervention in ameliorating tinnitus severity and tinnitus-associated disorders. However, randomized controlled trials in larger populations, which specifically consider WBC’s effects on tinnitus, are necessary to confirm these findings and to explore the mechanisms that underlie the observed improvements.
The differential effects of psychiatrists' and patients’ prior experiences on views about psychiatric electroceutical interventions$$$ The aim of this study is to examine ways in which prior experiences and familiarity with psychiatric electroceutical interventions (PEI) shape psychiatrists' and patients’ views about these interventions. We administered a national survey, with an embedded experiment, to psychiatrists (n = 505) and adults diagnosed with depression (n = 1050). We randomly assigned respondents to one of 8 conditions using a full factorial experimental design: 4 PEI modalities [ECT, rTMS, DBS, or adaptive brain implants (ABIs)] by 2 depression severity levels [moderate or severe]. We analyzed the survey data with ANOVA and OLS linear regression models. Patients having experience with any PEI reported more positive affect toward, but also greater perceived risk from, their assigned PEI than did patients with no such experience. Psychiatrists who referred or administered any PEI reported more positive affect toward and greater perceived influence on self and perceived benefit from their assigned PEI than did psychiatrists with no such familiarity. Limitations of our study include that our participants were randomly assigned to a PEI, not necessarily to the one they had experience with. Moreover, our study did not directly ask about the kind of experiences participants had with a given PEI. Overall, our survey data shows that greater experience with PEIs elicits more positive affect in both stakeholder groups. Beyond this, prior PEI experience shapes attitudes towards these interventions in complex ways. Further research linking different types of experience with a given PEI would help better understand factors shaping attitudes about specific PEIs.
Effect of erythropoietin on cognitive side-effects of electroconvulsive therapy in depression: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial: Effects of EPO on cognitive side-effects of ECT$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective and rapid-acting treatment for severe depression but is associated with cognitive side-effects. Identification of add-on treatments that counteract these side-effects would be very helpful. This randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study investigated the effects of four add-on erythropoietin (EPO; 40,000 IU/ml) or saline (placebo) infusions over 2.5 weeks of ECT (eight ECT sessions) in severely depressed patients with unipolar or bipolar depression. Neuropsychological assessments were conducted pre-ECT, three days after the eighth ECT (week 4), and at a 3-month follow-up. Further, functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) was conducted after the eighth ECT. The primary outcome was change from pre- to post-ECT in a ‘speed of complex cognitive processing’ composite. Secondary outcomes were verbal and autobiographical memory. Of sixty randomized patients, one dropped out before baseline. Data were thus analysed for 59 patients (EPO, n = 33; saline, n = 26), of whom 28 had fMRI data. No ECT-related decline occurred in the primary global cognition measure (ps≥0.1), and no effect of EPO versus saline was observed on this outcome (ps≥0.3). However post-ECT, EPO-treated patients exhibited faster autobiographical memory recall than saline-treated patients (p = 0.02), which was accompanied by lower memory-related parietal cortex activity. The absence of global cognition changes with ECT and EPO, coupled with the specific impact of EPO on autobiographical memory recall speed and memory-related parietal cortex activity, suggests that assessing autobiographical memory may provide increased sensitivity in evaluating and potentially preventing cognitive side-effects of ECT. Trial registrations: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT03339596, EudraCT no.: 2016-002326-36.
TMS in combination with a pain directed intervention for the treatment of fibromyalgia - A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Fibromyalgia Syndrome (FMS) is a highly prevalent condition, that causes chronic pain and severe reduction in quality of life and productivity, as well as social isolation. Despite the significant morbidity and economic burden of FMS, current treatments are scarce. Objective: To investigate whether stimulation of ACC -mPFC activity by dTMS enhances a pain-directed psychotherapeutic intervention. Methods: 19 FMS patients were randomised to receive either 20 sessions of dTMS or sham stimulation, each followed by a pain-directed psychotherapeutic intervention. With the H7 HAC coil or sham stimulation, we targeted the ACC -mPFC; specific brain areas that play a central role in pain processing. Clinical response to treatment was assessed with the McGill Pain Questionnaire Short Form (SF-MPQ), the Visual Analogue Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, the Brief Pain Inventory questionnaire, and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Results: DTMS treatment was safe and well tolerated by FMS patients. A significant decrease in the combined sensory and affective pain dimensions was specifically demonstrated in the dTMS cohort, as measured by the SF-MPQ (Significant group × time interaction [F(2, 32) = 3.51, p < .05, ηp2 = 0.18]; No significant changes were found in depressive symptoms in both the dTMS and sham groups. Conclusion: Our results suggest that a course of dTMS combined with a pain-directed psychotherapeutic intervention can alleviate pain symptoms in FMS patients. Beyond clinical possibilities, future studies are needed to substantiate the innovative hypothesis that it is not dTMS alone, but rather dTMS-induced plasticity of pain-related networks, that enables the efficacy of pain-directed psychotherapeutic interventions.
The association of total pulses with the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression: A dose-response meta-analysis$$$ Aim: This study aimed to examine dose-effects of total pulses on improvement of depressive symptoms in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Materials and methods: The MEDLINE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), EMBASE, PsycINFO, and ClinicalTrial.gov databases were systematically searched. We included randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials (RCT) that used rTMS over left DLPFC in patients with TRD. Excluded studies were non-TRD, non-RCTs, or combined other brain stimulation interventions. The outcome of interest was the difference between rTMS arms and sham controls in improvement of depressive symptoms in a dose-response manner. A random-effects meta-analysis and dose-response meta-analysis(DRMA) was used to examine antidepressant efficacy of rTMS and association with total pulses. Results: We found that rTMS over left DLPFC is superior to sham controls (reported as standardized mean difference[SMD] with 95% confidence interval: 0.77; 0.56–0.98). The best-fitting model of DRMA was bell-shaped (estimated using restricted cubic spline model; R2 =0.42), indicating that higher doses (>26,660 total pulses) were not associated with increased improvement of depressive symptoms. Stimulation frequency(R2 =0.53) and age(R2 =0.51) were significant moderators for the dose-response curve. Furthermore, 15–20 Hz rTMS was superior to 10 Hz rTMS (0.61, 0.15–1.10) when combining all doses. Conclusions: Our findings suggest higher doses(total pulses) of rTMS were not always associated with increased improvement of depressive symptoms in patients with TRD, and that the dose-response relationship was moderated by stimulation frequency and age. These associations emphasize the importance of determining dosing parameters to achieve maximum efficacy.
Efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of fibromyalgia: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objectives: To update a systematic review of the efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for analgesia, for antidepressant effects, and to reduce the impact of fibromyalgia (FM), looking for optimal areas of stimulation. Methods: We searched five databases to identify randomized controlled trials comparing active and sham tDCS for FM. The primary outcome was pain intensity, and secondary outcome measures included FM Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) and depression score. Meta-analysis was conducted using standardized mean difference (SMD). Subgroup analysis was performed to determine the effects of different regional stimulation, over the primary motor cortex (M1), dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), opercular-insular cortex (OIC), and occipital nerve (ON) regions. We analyzed the minimal clinically important difference (MCID) by the value of the mean difference (MD) for an 11-point scale for pain, the Beck Depressive Inventory-II (BDI-II), and the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) score. We described the certainty of the evidence (COE) using the tool GRADE profile. Results: Twenty studies were included in the analysis. Active tDCS had a positive effect on pain (SMD= -1.04; 95 % CI -1.38 to -0.69), depression (SMD= -0.46; 95 % CI -0.64 to -0.29), FIQ (SMD= -0.73; 95 % CI -1.09 to –0.36), COE is moderate. Only group M1 (SD=-1.57) and DLPFC (SD=-1.44) could achieve MCID for analgesia; For BDI-II, only group DLPFC (SD=-5.36) could achieve an MCID change. Adverse events were mild. Conclusion: tDCS is a safe intervention that relieves pain intensity, reduces depression, and reduces the impact of FM on life. Achieving an MCID is related to the stimulation site and the target symptom.
Pain management after hip fracture repair surgery: a systematic review and procedure-specific postoperative pain management (PROSPECT) recommendations$$$ Hip fracture is associated with moderate-to-severe postoperative pain, which can influence postoperative recovery and length of stay. The aim of this systematic review was to update the available literature and develop recommendations for optimal pain management after hip fracture. A systematic review utilising procedure specific postoperative pain management (PROSPECT) methodology was undertaken. Randomised controlled trials, systematic reviews and meta-analysis published in the English language between 04 April 2005 and 12 May 2021, evaluating the effects of analgesic, anaesthetic and surgical interventions were retrieved from MEDLINE, Embase and Cochrane Databases. A total of 60 studies met the inclusion criteria. For patients having hip fracture, pre, intra and postoperative paracetamol and non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs or COX-2 inhibitors are recommended. A single shot femoral nerve block or a single shot fascia iliaca compartment block are recommended. Continuous catheter techniques should be used only in specific circumstances. The choice between femoral nerve block or a fascia iliaca compartment block should be made according to local expertise. The postoperative regimen should include regular paracetamol, non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and COX-2 inhibitors with opioids used for rescue. Some of the interventions, although effective, carry risks, and consequentially were omitted from the recommendations, while other interventions were not recommended due to insufficient, inconsistent or lack of evidence.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms of long COVID$$$ The study aimed to assess the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of neuropsychiatric (NP) symptoms of the post-acute sequelae of SARS-CoV-2 infection (PASC), known as the long COVID. A double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study compared the efficacy and safety of prefrontal cortex active tDCS to sham-tDCS in treating NP-PASC. Patients diagnosed with NP-PASC, with a Fatigue Impact Scale (FIS) score ≥ 40, were eligible for the study. Twenty tDCS sessions were administered within four weeks, with continuous, end-of-treatment, and follow-up measurements. The primary outcome was a change in the FIS at the end-of-treatment, analyzed in the intention-to-treat population. Data from 33 patients assigned to active (n = 16) or sham-tDCS (n = 17) were analyzed. After the treatment, a decrease in the FIS score was more pronounced in the sham than in the active group, yet the intergroup difference was insignificant (11.7 [95% CI -11.1 to 34.5], p = 0.6). Furthermore, no significant intergroup differences were observed regarding anxiety, depression, quality of life, and cognitive performance. The small cohort sample, differences in baseline FIS scores between groups (non-stratified randomization), or chosen stimulation parameters may have influenced our findings. However, it might also be possible that the expected mechanism of action of tDCS is insufficient to treat these conditions.
Efficacy of vitamins B1 and B6 as an adjunctive therapy to lithium in bipolar-I disorder: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, clinical trial$$$ Background: The use of adjunctive therapy for bipolar disorder is increasingly considered to increase the efficacy of standard treatments. In this randomized clinical trial, we evaluated the effect of vitamins B1 and B6 in separate treatment arms on mood symptoms, cognitive status, and sleep quality in hospitalized patients with bipolar disorder in manic episodes. Method: In addition to receiving standard lithium treatment, participants (N = 66) were randomized to one of three conditions: 100 mg of vitamin B1, 40 mg of vitamin B6, or placebo. Outcomes were assessed one and 8 weeks of daily treatment, including the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Scale (PSQI), and Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE). This study was performed between December 2020 and September 2021 based on the registration code number IRCT20200307046712N1. Results: Vitamin B6 had a significant effect (P value < 0.025 as significant) on mood improvement compared to placebo (F (1, 27.42) = 30.25, P < 0.001, r = 0.72), but vitamin B1 had no significant effect on mood improvement compared to Placebo (F (1/35.68) = 4.76, P = 0.036, r = 0.34). The contrasts between groups on PSQI showed a significant effect (P value < 0.025 as significant) of vitamin B6 over placebo for sleep status improvement (F (1/32.91) = 16.24, P < 0.001, r = 0.57) and also a significant effect of vitamin B1 over placebo (F (1/41.21) = 13.32, P < 0.001, r = 0.49). Conclusions: The use of vitamin B6 as an adjunctive therapy to lithium can be associated with the improvement of mood symptoms in patients with bipolar disorder in the midst of a manic episode.
A home-based telehealth randomized controlled trial of skills training in affective and interpersonal regulation versus present-centered therapy for women veterans who have experienced military sexual trauma.$$$ Objective: This randomized trial tested the effectiveness of Skills Training in Affective and Interpersonal Regulation (STAIR) compared to present-centered therapy (PCT) delivered virtually to women veterans who had experienced military sexual trauma (MST) and screened positive for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Method: One hundred sixty-one eligible women veterans were randomized into the study. The primary outcome was clinician-assessed PTSD severity (Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale–5), while secondary outcomes included social support and several other symptom measures at posttreatment through 2- and 4-month follow-up. Results: PTSD severity decreased in both conditions by posttreatment but significantly more (p = .028, d = 0.39) in STAIR (d = 1.12 [0.87, 1.37]) than PCT (d = .78 [0.54, 1.02]). STAIR was also superior in improving social support and emotion regulation and reducing depression and negative cognitions. Improvement in psychosocial functioning was moderate and did not differ between conditions. All changes were maintained through 2- and 4-month follow-ups. Dropout rates were low and did not differ (19.0% and 12.2%, respectively). Conclusion: STAIR provided superior outcomes compared to PCT regarding PTSD, social support, and multiple types of mental health problems among women veterans with MST. The application of STAIR to other populations with social support and related concerns warrants investigation. The substantial effect sizes for PTSD symptoms in both treatments suggest that they are practical alternatives for individuals who do not wish to participate in trauma-focused therapy and may increase engagement in mental health services. Skills Training in Affective and Interpersonal Regulation (STAIR), a transdiagnostic intervention, provides effective relief from a range of social–emotional difficulties that have been identified by women who have experienced military sexual trauma. The availability of evidence-based mental health programs that address patient-identified concerns other than diagnostic-specific symptoms is an important and integral component to mental health services for trauma-exposed populations. (PsycInfo Database Record (c) 2024 APA, all rights reserved)
Effectiveness of rTMS and tDCS treatment for chronic TBI symptoms: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a major cause of long-term disability with conventional treatments frequently falling short to restore a good quality-of-life. Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques have shown potential as therapeutic options for neuropsychiatric conditions, including TBI sequelae. This study aims at providing a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on post-TBI symptoms. Methods: Fifteen randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on adult TBI patients that examined the effects of multiple treatment sessions of NIBS techniques were selected from five databases. Symptoms were clustered into four categories: depression, anxiety, headache and cognitive dysfunctions. Meta-analysis was performed using correlated and hierarchical effects models. Results: There were only few and heterogeneous studies with generally small sample sizes. Most studies targeted the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). Overall, the effects of NIBS were small. However, there was a significant effect for overall symptoms (0.404, p = 0.031). Moreover, subgroup analyses revealed significant overall effects for anxiety (0.195, p = 0.020) and headache (0.354, p = 0.040). Conclusions: To date, there is limited evidence supporting the effectiveness of NIBS concerning treatment for TBI sequelae. The observed effect sizes were modest, suggesting subtle improvements rather than drastic changes. While NIBS techniques remain promising for treating neuropsychiatric conditions, larger RCT studies with longer follow-ups, optimized stimulation parameters and standardized methodology are required to establish their efficacy in addressing TBI sequelae.
Effects of a periodic intermittent theta burst stimulation in Alzheimer's disease$$$ Background Previous studies have demonstrated that excitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can improve the cognitive function of patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD). Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a novel excitatory rTMS protocol for brain activity stimulation with the ability to induce long-term potentiation-like plasticity and represents a promising treatment for AD. However, the long-term effects of iTBS on cognitive decline and brain structure in patients with AD are unknown. Aims We aimed to explore whether repeating accelerated iTBS every three months could slow down the cognitive decline in patients with AD. Methods In this randomised, assessor-blinded, controlled trial, iTBS was administered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) of 42 patients with AD for 14 days every 13 weeks. Measurements included the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), a comprehensive neuropsychological battery, and the grey matter volume (GMV) of the hippocampus. Patients were evaluated at baseline and after follow-up. The longitudinal pipeline of the Computational Anatomy Toolbox for SPM was used to detect significant treatment-related changes over time. Results The iTBS group maintained MoCA scores relative to the control group (t=3.26, p=0.013) and reduced hippocampal atrophy, which was significantly correlated with global degeneration scale changes. The baseline Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score, apolipoprotein E genotype and Clinical Dementia Rating were indicative of MoCA scores at follow-up. Moreover, the GMV of the left (t=0.08, p=0.996) and right (t=0.19, p=0.977) hippocampus were maintained in the active group but significantly declined in the control group (left: t=4.13, p<0.001; right: t=5.31, p<0.001). GMV change in the left (r=0.35, p=0.023) and right (r=0.36, p=0.021) hippocampus across the intervention positively correlated with MoCA changes; left hippocampal GMV change was negatively correlated with global degeneration scale (r=-0.32, p=0.041) changes. Conclusions DLPFC-iTBS may be a feasible and easy-to-implement non-pharmacological intervention to slow down the progressive decline of overall cognition and quality of life in patients with AD, providing a new AD treatment option. Trial registration number NCT04754152.
Amantadine and/or transcranial magnetic stimulation for fatigue associated with multiple sclerosis (FETEM): study protocol for a phase 3 randomised, double-blind, cross-over, controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction Fatigue is one of the most disabling symptoms of multiple sclerosis (MS), and effective treatments are lacking. Amantadine is one of the most used treatments, although its efficacy is under debate. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a promising intervention that has shown positive effects in some preliminary investigations. We aim to investigate the effect of 6 weeks of amantadine and/or TMS in fatigue due to MS. Methods and analysis The study is a national, multicentre, phase 3, randomised, double-blind, cross-over, placebo-controlled and sham-controlled clinical trial. Adult patients with relapsing-remitting MS, Expanded Disability Status Scale score of 1.5-4.5 and Fatigue Severity Score>4 are eligible for the trial. Participants will be randomised to one of the sequences of the study. Each sequence consists of four periods of 6 weeks of treatment and three washout periods of 12-18 weeks. All patients will receive all the combinations of therapies. The primary outcome is the Modified Fatigue Impact Scale. The secondary outcomes are the Symbol Digit Modalities Test (cognition), Beck Depression Inventory-II (depressive symptoms) and Short-Survey 12 (quality of life). Safety and cost-effectiveness will also be evaluated. An exploratory substudy including MRI and blood biomarkers will be conducted. Ethics and dissemination The study is approved by the Ethics Committee of the Hospital Clinico San Carlos and the Spanish Agency of Medications and Medical Devices. All study findings will be published in scientific peer-reviewed journals and presented at relevant scientific conferences.
Transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training improves decision making and executive functions in opioid use disorder: a triple-blind sham-controlled pilot study$$$ Background: Opioid use disorder (OUD) is a chronic disorder with a considerable amount of morbidity and mortality. Despite remarkable improvement achieved by maintenance programs, an array of treatment goals were still unmet. Mounting evidence suggests that transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) improves decision making and cognitive functions in addictive disorders. tDCS paired with a decision making task was depicted to diminish impulsivity as well. Objectives: The present study aimed to assess the effect of tDCS combined with cognitive training (CT) in OUD for the first time. Methods: In this triple-blind randomized sham-controlled pilot study, 38 individuals with OUD from the Buprenorphine-Naloxone Maintenance Therapy program were administered 20-minutes of 2 mA active/sham tDCS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with concomitant cognitive training. A selected test battery evaluating decision making under risk and ambiguity as well as executive functions, verbal fluency and working memory was utilized before and after the intervention. Results: Greater improvements were observed in decision making under ambiguity (p = 0.016), set shifting ability and alternating fluency while no improvements were observed in decision making under risk in the active group, compared to sham. Conclusions: Deficits of decision making and executive functions have a pivotal role in the perpetuation and the relapse of the OUD. Alleviation of these impairments brought tDCS/CT forth as an expedient neuroscientifically-grounded treatment option that merits further exploration in OUD, Trial registration: NCT05568251.
The Treatment of Depersonalization-Derealization Disorder: A Systematic Review$$$ Depersonalization-derealization disorder (DPD) is characterized by persistent or recurrent experiences of detachment from oneself and surroundings, as well as a sense of unreality. Considering the inadequacy of current research on treatment, we performed a systematic review of the available pharmacotherapies, neuromodulations, and psychotherapies for DPD. The systematic review protocol was based on PRISMA 2020 guidelines and pre-registered. The PubMed, Web of Science, PsycINFO, Embase, the Cochrane Library, Scopus, and ScienceDirect databases were searched from inception to June 2021. All treatments for DPD and all study types, including controlled and observational studies as well as case reports, were assessed. Of the identified 17,540 studies, 41 studies (four randomized controlled trials, one non-randomized controlled trial, 10 case series, and 26 case reports) involving 300 participants met the eligibility criteria. We identified 30 methods that have been applied independently or in combination to treat DPD since 1955. The quality of these studies was considered. The relationship between individual differences, such as symptoms, comorbidities, history, and duration since onset, and treatment effects was explored. The results suggest that a series of treatments, such as pharmacotherapies, neuromodulation, and psychotherapies, could be considered in combination. However, the quality and quantity of studies were generally low considering the high prevalence of DPD. The review concludes with suggestions for future research and an urgent call for more high-quality research.
Correction: Accelerated TMS - moving quickly into the future of depression treatment (Neuropsychopharmacology, (2024), 49, 1, (128-137), 10.1038/s41386-023-01599-z)$$$ Correction to: Neuropsychopharmacology, published online 22 May 2023 In the original article, the description of the accelerated iTBS protocol by Cole et al. [42, 43] contained some errors. In the sub-section ‘Cumulative exposure’, the following sentences were amended. The sentence “The largest reported number of pulses per session is the protocol described by Cole et al. [42, 43]. In this protocol, 9000 pulses are delivered per session for ten sessions per day, totaling 90,000 pulses per day, providing evidence that this high number of pulses with 50-min delays between sessions can be delivered safely” was corrected to “The largest reported number of pulses per session is the protocol described by Cole et al. [42, 43]. In this protocol, 1800 pulses are delivered per session for ten sessions per day, totaling 18,000 pulses per day, providing evidence that this high number of pulses with 50-min delays between sessions can be delivered safely”. The sentence “Extant studies have shown that delivering as much as ten sessions per day with a total of 90,000 pulses for five consecutive days appears safe from early pilot randomized controlled trials” was corrected to “Extant studies have shown that delivering as much as ten sessions per day with a total of 18,000 pulses for five consecutive days (90,000 pulses in total) appears safe from early pilot randomized controlled trials”. These corrections do not change the conclusions of the article. The original article has been corrected.
The effect of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with an H1 coil on hopelessness in patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objectives: To assess the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with an H1 coil as a treatment for hopelessness in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: We conducted a randomised controlled trial in a tertiary psychiatric institution in Croatia, including patients diagnosed with MDD without psychotic symptoms and with clinically relevant hopelessness. High-frequency (18 Hz) rTMS with an H1 coil was administered over four weeks on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We examined changes in the Beck Hopelessness Scale (BHS) scores. Results: We randomly assigned 51 participants to the intervention group (rTMS plus standard therapy) and 52 to the control group (standard therapy). The mean (SD) ages were 50 (12.3) and 50 (10.4) years, and 47% and 52% of the participants were females in the intervention and control groups, respectively. Following treatment, the BHS scores decreased (unadjusted bivariate analysis, p = 0.043; false discovery rate (FDR) >5%). Multivariate analysis revealed that the BHS score was reduced by 10.8% (95% confidence interval (CI: −17.8% to −3.9%) in the rTMS group and 0.7% (95% CI: 7.5% −6.1%) in the control group (p = 0.037; FDR < 5%). Conclusions: rTMS with an H1 coil improved the symptoms of hopelessness in patients with MDD.
A roadmap for research in post-stroke fatigue: Consensus-based core recommendations from the third Stroke Recovery and Rehabilitation Roundtable$$$ Rationale: Fatigue affects almost half of all people living with stroke. Stroke survivors rank understanding fatigue and how to reduce it as one of the highest research priorities. Methods: We convened an interdisciplinary, international group of clinical and pre-clinical researchers and lived experience experts. We identified four priority areas: (1) best measurement tools for research, (2) clinical identification of fatigue and potentially modifiable causes, (3) promising interventions and recommendations for future trials, and (4) possible biological mechanisms of fatigue. Cross-cutting themes were aphasia and the voice of people with lived experience. Working parties were formed and structured consensus building processes were followed. Results: We present 20 recommendations covering outcome measures for research, development, and testing of new interventions and priority areas for future research on the biology of post-stroke fatigue. We developed and recommend the use of the Stroke Fatigue Clinical Assessment Tool. Conclusions: By synthesizing current knowledge in post-stroke fatigue across clinical and pre-clinical fields, our work provides a roadmap for future research into post-stroke fatigue.
The use of noninvasive brain stimulation techniques in autism spectrum disorder$$$ Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques, including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), have recently emerged as alternative, nonpharmacological interventions for a variety of psychiatric, neurological, and neurodevelopmental conditions. NIBS is beginning to be applied in both research and clinical settings for the treatment of core and associated symptoms of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) including social communication deficits, restricted and repetitive behaviors, irritability, hyperactivity, depression and impairments in executive functioning and sensorimotor integration. Though there is much promise for these targeted device-based interventions, in other disorders (including adult major depressive disorder (MDD) and obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) where rTMS is FDA cleared), data on the safety and efficacy of these interventions in individuals with ASD is limited especially in younger children when neurodevelopmental interventions typically begin. Most studies are open-label, small scale, and/or focused on a restricted subgroup of individuals with ASD. There is a need for larger, randomized controlled trials that incorporate neuroimaging in order to develop predictive biomarkers of treatment response and optimize treatment parameters. We contend that until such studies are conducted, we do not have adequate estimates of the safety and efficacy of NIBS interventions in children across the spectrum. Thus, broad off-label use of these techniques in this population is not supported by currently available evidence. Here we discuss the existing data on the use of NIBS to treat symptoms related to ASD and discuss future directions for the field.
Lamotrigine efficacy, safety, and tolerability for women of childbearing age with bipolar I disorder: Meta-analysis from four randomized, placebo-controlled maintenance studies$$$ This meta-analysis investigated the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of lamotrigine versus placebo in preventing relapse and recurrence of mood episodes in women of childbearing age with bipolar I disorder. Following up to 16 weeks’ open-label lamotrigine treatment, responders were randomized to double-blind treatment, including lamotrigine 100–400 mg/day or placebo, in four trials of up to 76 weeks. Women aged 18–45 years who received ≥ 1 dose of study treatment and had ≥ 1 efficacy assessment in the double-blind phase were pooled for efficacy analysis. The primary outcome was median time to intervention for any mood episode (TIME). Of 717 eligible women in the open-label phase, 287 responded and were randomized to lamotrigine (n = 153) or placebo (n = 134). The randomized group had a mean (SD) of 2.0(2.02) manic and 2.5(2.02) depressive episodes in the 3 years before screening. Median TIME was 323 days with lamotrigine and 127 days with placebo (HR 0.69; 95% CI 0.49, 0.96; p = 0.030). Lamotrigine delayed time to intervention for any depressive episode (HR 0.59; 95% CI 0.39, 0.90; p = 0.014) with no treatment difference for manic episodes (HR 0.91; 95% CI 0.52, 1.58; p = 0.732). 2/717 (< 1%) participants experienced serious rash-related adverse events (AEs) during the open-label phase, and 52/717 (7%) had non-serious rash-related events leading to study withdrawal. Incidence of AEs and AEs leading to withdrawal were similar between lamotrigine and placebo groups. Lamotrigine delayed relapse and recurrence of mood episodes, largely by preventing depressive episodes, and was well tolerated in women of childbearing age.
Motor cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder - A preliminary randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) is commonly used in major depressive disorder (MDD), even though its therapeutic efficacy is limited. Given that many MDD patients show psychomotor retardation, we aim to examine whether the left motor cortex (lMC) as a novel rTMS target would provide effective and well-tolerated treatment as being comparable to lDLPFC-rTMS. Methods: In this prospective double-blind randomized single-center study, 131 MDD patients were randomly assigned to the lDLPFC or lMC group and were treated with 10 Hz rTMS (90 % motor threshold) applied twice daily for 4000 pulses continuously over five days. The primary endpoint was the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) total score change after treatment. Results: After the five-day rTMS treatment, there was no significant difference in both HAMD reduction rate (lDLPFC 59.3 % ± 20.4 %, lMC 51.3 % ± 26.3 %, P = 0.10) and adverse effects (P = 0.79) between 48 (73.8 %) lMC subjects and 51 (77.3 %) lDLPFC subjects. Furthermore, the lMC study group showed stable HAMD scores at follow-up compared to their endpoint scores (P = 0.08). Limitations: Sham-control group was not included and the sample size was small. Therefore, our results should be seen as exploratory and preliminary. Conclusions: The preliminary good therapeutic response, comparability, and tolerability of lMC-rTMS suggest lMC a potential and more easily accessible rTMS target. Together, our findings raise the possibility of symptom-specific rTMS in motor cortex (psychomotor retardation) or lDLPFC (cognitive deficits). This warrants larger clinical trials of rTMS in MDD with symptom-specific stimulation targets.
A pilot, randomized clinical trial: Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex intermittent theta burst stimulation improves treatment outcomes in veterans with alcohol use disorder$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) offers a promising treatment avenue to modulate brain function in alcohol use disorder (AUD). To the best of our knowledge, this pilot study is the first randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial to deliver intermittent theta burst stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) among US veterans with AUD. We hypothesized that 20 sessions of real TMS are tolerable and feasible. As a secondary line of inquiry, we hypothesized that, relative to sham TMS, individuals receiving real TMS would experience greater reductions in 6-month relapse rates, anhedonia, and alcohol cue-reactivity. Methods: Veterans (n = 17, one woman) were enrolled in a double-blind, sham-controlled trial (2–3 sessions/day; 7–10 days; 600 pulses/session; 20 sessions). Pre- and posttreatment assessments included responses to self-report questionnaires and functional magnetic resonance imaging measures of alcohol cue-reactivity. Alcohol consumption was assessed for 6 months. Linear mixed-effects models were constructed to predict posttreatment craving, mood, and cue-reactivity. Results: Individuals who received active iTBS (n = 8) were less likely to relapse within 3 months after treatment than the sham-treated group (n = 9) (OR = 12.0). Greater reductions in anhedonia were observed following active iTBS (Cohen's d = −0.59), relative to sham (d = −0.25). Alcohol cue-reactivity was reduced following active iTBS and increased following sham within the left insula (d = −0.19 vs. 0.51), left thalamus (d = −0.28 vs. 0.77), right insula (d = 0.18 vs. 0.52), and right thalamus (d = −0.06 vs. 0.62). Conclusions: Relative to sham, we demonstrate that 20 sessions of real left DLPFC iTBS reduced the likelihood of relapse for at least 3 months. The potential utility of this approach is underscored by observed decreases in anhedonia and alcohol cue-reactivity—strong predictors of relapse among veterans. These initial data offer a valuable set of effect sizes to inform future clinical trials in this patient population.
Depressive symptoms during deep transcranial magnetic stimulation or sham treatment for obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Background: Evidence suggests that depressive symptoms tend to improve concurrently with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) symptoms during cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), despite depression not being the primary target of intervention. Studies examining the temporal or mediational relationships of OCD and depressive symptoms have indicated a bidirectional relationship, as prior levels of OCD symptoms influenced subsequent levels of depression, and vice versa. Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) has recently emerged as a treatment option for OCD. Whether dTMS affects depression symptoms similarly to CBT remains to be examined. Methods: The current study employed a random intercept cross-lagged panel model (RI-CLPM) to examine the relationship of OCD and depression symptoms in 94 treatment refractory patients, undergoing dTMS or sham treatment. Results: Both OCD and depression symptoms improved significantly. However, a stable, cross-lagged relationship between the variables was not supported. Changes in one symptom domain could not be used to predict the other. Limitations: The present study was conducted in a treatment refractory population, meaning the present findings may not generalize to treatment naïve patients or those with less severe OCD symptoms. It is unclear whether the study was sufficiently powered to detect the effects of interest, and this concern also meant that examining the dTMS and sham groups independently was not feasible. Conclusions: When treating OCD with dTMS, depression symptoms appear likely to diminish but should be monitored throughout, and additional interventions applied if needed.
Neural correlates of fine motor grasping skills: Longitudinal insights into motor cortex activation using fNIRS$$$ Background: Motor learning is essential for performing specific tasks and progresses through distinct stages, including the rapid learning phase (initial skill acquisition), the consolidation phase (skill refinement), and the stable performance phase (skill mastery and maintenance). Understanding the cortical activation dynamics during these stages can guide targeted rehabilitation interventions. Methods: In this longitudinal randomized controlled trial, functional near-infrared spectroscopy was used to explore the temporal dynamics of cortical activation in hand-related motor learning. Thirty-one healthy right-handed individuals were randomly assigned to perform either easy or intricate motor tasks with their non-dominant hand over 10 days. We conducted 10 monitoring sessions to track cortical activation in the right hemisphere (according to lateralization principles, the primary hemisphere for motor control) and evaluated motor proficiency concurrently. Results: The study delineated three stages of nondominant hand motor learning: rapid learning (days 1 and 2), consolidation (days 3–7), and stable performance (days 8–10). There was a power-law enhancement of motor skills correlated with learning progression. Sustained activation was observed in the supplementary motor area (SMA) and parietal lobe (PL), whereas activation in the right primary motor cortex (M1R) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (PFCR) decreased. These cortical activation patterns exhibited a high correlation with the augmentation of motor proficiency. Conclusions: The findings suggest that early rehabilitation interventions, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), could be optimally directed at M1 and PFC in the initial stages. In contrast, SMA and PL can be targeted throughout the motor learning process. This research illuminates the path for developing tailored motor rehabilitation interventions based on specific stages of motor learning. NEW and NOTEWORTHY: In an innovative approach, our study uniquely combines a longitudinal design with the robustness of generalized estimating equations (GEEs). With the synergy of functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) and the Minnesota Manual Dexterity Test (MMDT) paradigm, we precisely trace the evolution of neural resources during complex, real-world fine-motor task learning. Centering on right-handed participants using their nondominant hand magnifies the intricacies of right hemisphere spatial motor processing. We unravel the brain's dynamic response throughout motor learning stages and its potent link to motor skill enhancement. Significantly, our data point toward the early-phase rehabilitation potential of TMS and transcranial direct current stimulation on the M1 and PFC regions. Concurrently, SMA and PL appear poised to benefit from ongoing interventions during the entire learning curve. Our findings carve a path for refined motor rehabilitation strategies, underscoring the importance of timely noninvasive brain stimulation treatments.
Predictive role of impulsivity, anxiety, and depression in the efficacy of intermittent theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation modalities for treating methamphetamine use disorder: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Methamphetamine use disorder (MUD) can cause impulsive behavior, anxiety, and depression. Stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in MUD patients by intermittent theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (iTBS-rTMS) is effective in reducing cravings, impulsive behavior, anxiety, and depression. The purpose of this study was to explore whether these psychological factors helped to predict MUD patients' responses to iTBS-rTMS treatment. Methods: Fifty MUD patients and sixty healthy subjects matched for general conditions were used as study subjects. The study randomly divided MUD patients into iTBS-rTMS and sham stimulation groups and received 20 sessions of real or sham iTBS-rTMS treatment, and the study collected cue-related evoked craving data before and after treatment. All subjects completed the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS-11), Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), and Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS). Results: The MUD patients showed significantly higher levels of impulsivity, anxiety, and depression than the healthy subjects. The MUD patients who received the real treatment had significantly lower impulsivity, anxiety, and depression scores, and better treatment effects on cravings than the sham stimulation group. The Spearman rank correlation and stepwise multiple regression analyses showed that the baseline BIS-11 and the reduction rate (RR) of BIS-11 and RR of SDS were positively correlated with the decrease in cravings in the iTBS-rTMS group. ROC curve analysis showed that RR of SDS (AUC = 91.6 %; 95 % CI = 0.804–1.000) had predictive power to iTBS- rTMS therapeutic efficacy, the cutoff value is 15.102 %. Conclusions: iTBS-rTMS had a good therapeutic effect in MUD patients and the baseline impulsivity, the improved depression and impulsivity were associated with therapeutic effect of iTBS-rTMS. The improved depression had the potential to predict the efficacy of the iTBS-rTMS modality for MUD treatment.
Efficacy of Using Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation to Treat Negative Symptoms in Patients with Schizophrenia—A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Negative symptoms in schizophrenia impose a significant burden with limited effective pharmacological treatment options. Recent trials have shown preliminary evidence for the efficacy of using intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) in treating negative symptoms in schizophrenia. We aim to systematically review the current evidence of iTBS in the treatment of the negative symptoms of schizophrenia as an augmentation therapy. The study protocol was developed and registered on Prospero (registration ID: 323381). MEDLINE, EMBASE, Web of Science (Scopus), PsycINFO and Wan Fang databases were searched for sham-controlled, randomized trials of iTBS among patients with schizophrenia. The mean difference in major outcome assessments for negative symptoms was calculated. The quality of evidence was assessed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool (version 1) and the GRADE system. Moreover, 12 studies including a total of 637 participants were included. Compared to sham treatment, the pooled analysis was in favor of iTBS treatment for negative symptoms (mean weight effect size: 0.59, p = 0.03) but not for positive symptoms (mean weight effect size: 0.01, p = 0.91) and depressive symptoms (mean weight effect size: 0.35, p = 0.16). A significant treatment effect was also observed on the iTBS target site left dorsal prefrontal cortex (mean weight effect size: 0.86, p = 0.007) and for stimulation with 80% motor threshold (mean weight effect size: 0.86, p = 0.02). Thus, our synthesized data support iTBS as a potential treatment for negative symptoms among patients with schizophrenia. However, the long-term efficacy and safety issues of iTBS in a larger population have yet to be examined.
Development of Artificial Intelligence for Determining Major Depressive Disorder Based on Resting-State EEG and Single-Pulse Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation-Evoked EEG Indices$$$ Depression is the disorder with the greatest socioeconomic burdens. Its diagnosis is still based on an operational diagnosis derived from symptoms, and no objective diagnostic indicators exist. Thus, the present study aimed to develop an artificial intelligence (AI) model to aid in the diagnosis of depression from electroencephalography (EEG) data by applying machine learning to resting-state EEG and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)-evoked EEG acquired from patients with depression and healthy controls. Resting-state EEG and single-pulse TMS-EEG were acquired from 60 patients and 60 healthy controls. Power spectrum analysis, phase synchronization analysis, and phase-amplitude coupling analysis were conducted on EEG data to extract feature candidates to apply different types of machine learning algorithms. Furthermore, to address the limitation of the sample size, dimensionality reduction was performed in a manner to increase the quality of information by featuring robust neurophysiological metrics that showed significant differences between the two groups. Then, nine different machine learning models were applied to the data. For the EEG data, we created models combining four modalities, including (1) resting-state EEG, (2) pre-stimulus TMS-EEG, (3) post-stimulus TMS-EEG, and (4) differences between pre- and post-stimulus TMS-EEG, and evaluated their performance. We found that the best estimation performance (a mean area under the curve of 0.922) was obtained using receiver operating characteristic curve analysis when linear discriminant analysis (LDA) was applied to the combination of the four feature sets. This study showed that by using TMS-EEG neurophysiological indices as features, it is possible to develop a depression decision-support AI algorithm that exhibits high discrimination accuracy.
A Retrospective Case–Control Study on the Differences in the Effectiveness of Theta-Burst Stimulation Therapy for Depression with and without Antidepressant Medication$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) therapy has few side effects and comparable therapeutic effects to antidepressant treatment, but few studies have introduced TMS therapy as an initial treatment for MDD. The objective of this study was to retrospectively compare the clinical outcomes between 50 MDD patients without antidepressants (i.e., TMS monotherapy) and 50 MDD patients with antidepressants plus TMS therapy, matched for age, sex, and depression severity. The presence or absence of antidepressant therapy in first-line treatment was determined via a detailed interview by psychiatrists. The study design was a retrospective observational case–control study using the TMS registry data. The key inclusion criteria were adult patients who met the diagnosis of MDD and received 20–30 sessions of intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) therapy to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). In this study, the Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) was used as the primary outcome measure. No significant group differences existed in the baseline MADRS total score between the unmedicated and medicated patient groups. Following TMS therapy, no significant group differences in response rate, remission rate, or relative total score change in the MADRS were observed. The main limitations were the retrospective design and the use of registry data as a source. Our findings suggest that TMS monotherapy may be as effective as TMS add-on therapy to antidepressants when used as the first-line therapy for MDD, but randomized controlled trials are needed.
A Narrative Systematic Review of the Effectiveness of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in the Treatment and Management of Borderline Personality Disorder$$$ Background: Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) is a psychiatric condition that affects approximately 2% of the population worldwide. It can present many challenges and can therefore be difficult to treat successfully by mental health professionals. Aim: The aim of this systematic review was to detect whether repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is an effective intervention for the management of BPD to the point where there would be a reduction of the BPD symptoms and challenging behaviour. Methods: A literature search was conducted systematically using the following databases: PROSPERO, PUBMED, GOOGLE SCHOLAR, WEB OF SCIENCE, COCHRANE LIBRARY, SCOPUS, EMBASE and CLINICALTRIALS.GOV. Included studies were primary research studies of adult patients with a diagnosis of BPD who received rTMS treatment. Results: Nine studies were identified which ranged from a case report to a randomised controlled trial (RCT). While rTMS improved certain symptoms of BPD patients, such as affective instability, impulsivity and outbursts of anger; overall, some results lacked statistical significance and, due to the lack of robust evidence, it is uncertain if rTMS is an effective intervention for BPD. Conclusions: rTMS treatment showed some promising results in reducing the severity of symptoms for a number of patients. Studies varied with regard to the location of the target stimulation site, including different prefrontal brain regions and the cerebellum, as well as other rTMS protocol characteristics. These methodological differences in the application of the intervention and their impact on BPD symptomatology need to be explored more systematically in future research. Higher quality studies with larger sample sizes are needed in order to assess further the effectiveness of rTMS interventions on BPD symptoms.
High-frequency rTMS over bilateral primary motor cortex improves freezing of gait and emotion regulation in patients with Parkinson’s disease: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Freezing of gait (FOG) is a common and disabling phenomenon in patients with Parkinson’s disease (PD), but effective treatment approach remains inconclusive. Dysfunctional emotional factors play a key role in FOG. Since primary motor cortex (M1) connects with prefrontal areas via the frontal longitudinal system, where are responsible for emotional regulation, we hypothesized M1 may be a potential neuromodulation target for FOG therapy. The purpose of this study is to explore whether high-frequency rTMS over bilateral M1 could relieve FOG and emotional dysregulation in patients with PD. Methods: This study is a single-center, randomized double-blind clinical trial. Forty-eight patients with PD and FOG from the Affiliated Hospital of Xuzhou Medical University were randomly assigned to receive 10 sessions of either active (N = 24) or sham (N = 24) 10 Hz rTMS over the bilateral M1. Patients were evaluated at baseline (T0), after the last session of treatment (T1) and 30 days after the last session (T2). The primary outcomes were Freezing of Gait Questionnaire (FOGQ) scores, with Timed Up and Go Test (TUG) time, Standing-Start 180° Turn (SS-180) time, SS-180 steps, United Parkinson Disease Rating Scales (UPDRS) III, Hamilton Depression scale (HAMD)-24 and Hamilton Anxiety scale (HAMA)-14 as secondary outcomes. Results: Two patients in each group dropped out at T2 and no serious adverse events were reported by any subject. Two-way repeated ANOVAs revealed significant group × time interactions in FOGQ, TUG, SS-180 turn time, SS-180 turning steps, UPDRS III, HAMD-24 and HAMA-14. Post-hoc analyses showed that compared to T0, the active group exhibited remarkable improvements in FOGQ, TUG, SS-180 turn time, SS-180 turning steps, UPDRS III, HAMD-24 and HAMA-14 at T1 and T2. No significant improvement was found in the sham group. The Spearman correlation analysis revealed a significantly positive association between the changes in HAMD-24 and HAMA-14 scores and FOGQ scores at T1. Conclusion: High-frequency rTMS over bilateral M1 can improve FOG and reduce depression and anxiety in patients with PD.
Mechanisms of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for pain in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome$$$ Fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) is a recurrent pain condition that can be challenging to treat. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has become a promising non-invasive therapeutic option in alleviating FMS pain, but the mechanisms underlying its effectiveness are not yet fully understood. In this article, we discuss the most current research investigating the analgesic effects of tDCS on FMS and discuss the potential mechanisms. TDCS may exert its analgesic effects by influencing neuronal activity in the brain, altering cortical excitability, changing regional cerebral blood flow, modulating neurotransmission and neuroinflammation, and inducing neuroplasticity. Overall, evidence points to tDCS as a potentially safe and efficient pain relief choice for FMS by multiple underlying mechanisms. This article provides a thorough overview of our ongoing knowledge regarding the mechanisms underlying tDCS and emphasizes the possibility of further studies to improve the clinical utility of tDCS as a pain management tool.
Efficacy and safety of ketamine and esketamine for unipolar and bipolar depression: an overview of systematic reviews with meta-analysis$$$ Background: Unipolar and bipolar depression present treatment challenges, with patients sometimes showing limited or no response to standard medications. Ketamine and its enantiomer, esketamine, offer promising alternative treatments that can quickly relieve suicidal thoughts. This Overview of Reviews (OoR) analyzed and synthesized systematic reviews (SRs) with meta-analysis on randomized clinical trials (RCTs) involving ketamine in various formulations (intravenous, intramuscular, intranasal, subcutaneous) for patients with unipolar or bipolar depression. We evaluated the efficacy and safety of ketamine and esketamine in treating major depressive episodes across various forms, including unipolar, bipolar, treatment-resistant, and non-resistant depression, in patient populations with and without suicidal ideation, aiming to comprehensively assess their therapeutic potential and safety profile. Methods: Following PRIOR guidelines, this OoR’s protocol was registered on Implasy (ID:202150049). Searches in PubMed, Scopus, Cochrane Library, and Epistemonikos focused on English-language meta-analyses of RCTs of ketamine or esketamine, as monotherapy or add-on, evaluating outcomes like suicide risk, depressive symptoms, relapse, response rates, and side effects. We included studies involving both suicidal and non-suicidal patients; all routes and formulations of administration (intravenous, intramuscular, intranasal) were considered, as well as all available comparisons with control interventions. We excluded meta-analysis in which the intervention was used as anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy or with a randomized ascending dose design. The selection, data extraction, and quality assessment of studies were carried out by pairs of reviewers in a blinded manner. Data on efficacy, acceptability, and tolerability were extracted. Results: Our analysis included 26 SRs and 44 RCTs, with 3,316 subjects. The intervention is effective and well-tolerated, although the quality of the included SRs and original studies is poor, resulting in low certainty of evidence. Limitations: This study is limited by poor-quality SRs and original studies, resulting in low certainty of the evidence. Additionally, insufficient available data prevents differentiation between the effects of ketamine and esketamine in unipolar and bipolar depression. Conclusion: While ketamine and esketamine show promising therapeutic potential, the current evidence suffers from low study quality. Enhanced methodological rigor in future research will allow for a more informed application of these interventions within the treatment guidelines for unipolar and bipolar depression. Systematic review registration: [https://inplasy.com/inplasy-2021-5-0049/], identifier (INPLASY202150049).
A neuroimaging-based precision medicine framework for depression$$$ Background: Symptom-based diagnostic criteria of depression leads to notorious heterogeneity and subjectivity. Methods: The study was conducted in two stages at two sites: development of a neuroimaging-based subtyping and precise repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) strategy for depression at Center 1 and its clinical application at Center 2. Center 1 identified depression subtypes and subtype-specific rTMS targets based on amplitude of low frequency fluctuation (ALFF) in a cohort of 238 major depressive disorder patients and 66 healthy controls (HC). Subtypes were identified using a Gaussian Mixture Model, and subtype-specific rTMS targets were selected based on dominant brain regions prominently differentiating depression subtypes from HC. Subsequently, one classifier was employed and 72 hospitalized, depressed youths at Center 2 received two-week precise rTMS. MRI and clinical assessments were obtained at baseline, midpoint, and treatment completion for evaluation. Results: Two neuroimaging subtypes of depression, archetypal and atypical depression, were identified based on distinct frontal-posterior functional imbalance patterns as measured by ALFF. The dorsomedial prefrontal cortex was identified as the rTMS target for archetypal depression, and the occipital cortex for atypical depression. Following precise rTMS, ALFF alterations were normalized in both archetypal and atypical depressed youths, corresponding with symptom response of 90.00% in archetypal depression and 70.73% in atypical depression. Conclusions: A precision medicine framework for depression was developed based on objective neurobiomarkers and implemented with promising results, actualizing a subtyping-treatment-evaluation closed loop in depression. Future randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Neurocognitive function as outcome and predictor for prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation in major depressive disorder: an analysis from the DepressionDC trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the prefrontal cortex might beneficially influence neurocognitive dysfunctions associated with major depressive disorder (MDD). However, previous studies of neurocognitive effects of tDCS have been inconclusive. In the current study, we analyzed longitudinal, neurocognitive data from 101 participants of a randomized controlled multicenter trial (DepressionDC), investigating the efficacy of bifrontal tDCS (2 mA, 30 min/d, for 6 weeks) in patients with MDD and insufficient response to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). We assessed whether active tDCS compared to sham tDCS elicited beneficial effects across the domains of memory span, working memory, selective attention, sustained attention, executive process, and processing speed, assessed with a validated, digital test battery. Additionally, we explored whether baseline cognitive performance, as a proxy of fronto-parietal-network functioning, predicts the antidepressant effects of active tDCS versus sham tDCS. We found no statistically significant group differences in the change of neurocognitive performance between active and sham tDCS. Furthermore, baseline cognitive performance did not predict the clinical response to tDCS. Our findings indicate no advantage in neurocognition due to active tDCS in MDD. Additional research is required to systematically investigate the effects of tDCS protocols on neurocognitive performance in patients with MDD.
Efficacy and safety of non-invasive brain stimulation in combination with antidepressants in adolescents with depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) is beneficial to adult patients with depression, but its safety and efficacy in combination with antidepressants in children and adolescents with depression are not clear. We conducted a preliminary meta-analysis to objectively evaluate its clinical effect and provide information for future research and clinical practice. Methods: PubMed, Cochrane Library, Embase, and Web of Science were searched systematically to find clinical trials published in English before April 11, 2023. Stata software was used for meta-analysis, and random or fixed effect models were used to combine effect sizes. Results: Nine studies were eligible and included (n = 393). No articles about children were included in the analysis. The results showed that the remission rate was 40% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 13% to 71%). The scores of Children’s Depression Rating Scale (CRDS) and Hamilton’s depression scale (HAMD) significantly decreased compared to baseline value (MD = -27.04, 95% CI: -30.95, -23.12 and MD = -12.78, 95% CI: -19.55 to -6.01). In addition, the incidence of all adverse events was 13% (95% CI: 5%, 23%), and all were minor pain-related events. Conclusion: The combination of NIBS and antidepressants has been shown to notably alleviate depressive symptoms in adolescents, offering a considerable level of safety. This therapeutic synergy is particularly effective in patients with major depressive disorder, where repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation augmented with antidepressants can enhance the amelioration of depressive symptoms. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?ID=CRD42023442215, PROSPERO CRD42023442215.
Comparing different non-invasive brain stimulation interventions for bipolar depression treatment: A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) is a promising treatment for bipolar depression. We systematically searched for randomized controlled trials on NIBS for treating bipolar depression (INPLASY No: 202340019). Eighteen articles (N = 617) were eligible for network meta-analysis. Effect sizes were reported as standardized mean differences (SMDs) or odds ratios (ORs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation over F3 plus cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation over F4 (a-tDCS-F3 +c-tDCS-F4; SMD = −1.18, 95%CIs = −1.66 to −0.69, N = 77), high-definition tDCS over F3 (HD-tDCS-F3; −1.17, −2.00 to −0.35, 25), high frequency deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-dTMS; −0.81, −1.62 to −0.001, 25), and high frequency repetitive TMS over F3 plus low frequency repetitive TMS over F4 (HF-rTMS-F3 +LF-rTMS-F4; −0.77, −1.43 to −0.11, 38) significantly improved depressive symptoms compared to sham controls. Only a-tDCS-F3 +c-tDCS-F4 (OR = 4.53, 95%CIs = 1.51–13.65) and HF-rTMS-F3 +LF-rTMS-F4 (4.69, 1.02–21.56) showed higher response rates. No active NIBS interventions exhibited significant differences in dropout or side effect rates, compared with sham controls.
Efficacy and executive function of solution-focused brief therapy on adolescent depression$$$ Objective: To investigate the efficacy and impact on executive function of Solution-Focused Brief Therapy (SFBT) in treating Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in adolescents. Methods: A total of 129 adolescents diagnosed with MDD were enrolled in the study. Out of these, 28 adolescents were assigned to the SFBT group, while 25 were part of the Active Control group (AC group), receiving psychodynamic psychotherapy. Executive function, depressive and anxiety symptoms were assessed at baseline, at the time of the third intervention, the sixth intervention, and the 10th intervention. Results: After the third intervention, the scores of the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) and Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) of the participants in the SFBT group decreased significantly, which had the cumulative effect at the 6th and 10th interventions. The verbal fluency task (VFT) performances of the SFBT group participants yielded significantly higher scores after the third intervention and remained increasing at the 6th and 10th interventions. The AC group steadily decreased after the intervention. Analysis of functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) data revealed a progressive and significant increase in the average oxyhemoglobin (oxy-Hb) levels in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in the SFBT group compared to the AC group after the 10th intervention. Conclusions: SFBT might improve depressive and anxiety symptoms as well as executive function of adolescent depression. Clinical trial registration: https://www.chictr.org.cn, identifier ChiCTR2300067909.
Effects of online tDCS and hf-tRNS on reading performance in children and adolescents with developmental dyslexia: a study protocol for a cross sectional, within-subject, randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Developmental Dyslexia (DD) is a brain-based developmental disorder causing severe reading difficulties. The extensive data on the neurobiology of DD have increased interest in brain-directed approaches, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), which have been proposed for DD. While positive outcomes have been observed, results remain heterogeneous. Various methodological approaches have been employed to address this issue. However, no studies have compared the effects of different transcranial electrical stimulation techniques (e.g., tDCS and transcranial random noise stimulation, tRNS), on reading in children and adolescents with DD. Methods: The present within-subject, double-blind, and sham-controlled trial aims to investigate the effects of tDCS and hf-tRNS on reading in children and adolescents with DD. Participants will undergo three conditions with a one-week interval session: (A) single active tDCS session; (B) single active hf-tRNS session; and (C) single sham session (tDCS/hf-tRNS). Left anodal/right cathodal tDCS and bilateral tRNS will be applied over the temporo-parietal regions for 20 min each. Reading measures will be collected before and during each session. Safety and blinding parameters will be recordered. Discussion: We hypothesize that tRNS will demonstrate comparable effectiveness to tDCS in improving reading compared to sham conditions. Additionally, we anticipate that hf-tRNS will exhibit a similar safety profile to tDCS. This study will contribute novel insights into the effectiveness of hf-tRNS, expediting the validation of brain-based treatments for DD.
Effectiveness of biomedical interventions on the chronic stage of traumatic brain injury: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials$$$ Traumatic brain injury (TBI), in any form and severity, can pose risks for developing chronic symptoms that can profoundly hinder patients’ work/academic, social, and personal lives. In the past 3 decades, a multitude of pharmacological, stimulation, and exercise-based interventions have been proposed to ameliorate symptoms, memory impairment, mental fatigue, and/or sleep disturbances. However, most research is preliminary, thus limited influence on clinical practice. This review aims to systematically appraise the evidence derived from randomized controlled trials (RCT) regarding the effectiveness of pharmacological, stimulation, and exercise-based interventions in treating chronic symptoms due to TBI. Our search results indicate that despite the largest volume of literature, pharmacological interventions, especially using neurostimulant medications to treat physical, cognitive, and mental fatigue, as well as daytime sleepiness, have yielded inconsistent results, such that some studies found improvements in fatigue (e.g., Modafinil, Armodafinil) while others failed to yield the improvements after the intervention. Conversely, brain stimulation techniques (e.g., transcranial magnetic stimulation, blue light therapy) and exercise interventions were effective in ameliorating mental health symptoms and cognition. However, given that most RCTs are equipped with small sample sizes, more high-quality, larger-scale RCTs is needed.
An algorithm for pharmacological treatment of mania during hospitalisation$$$ Current evidence for pharmacological treatment of mania during hospitalisation is insufficient as there are no larger well-designed randomised trials of comparative medical treatments of mania during inpatient stays. Moreover, there is considerable variation in pharmacological medication in clinical practice during hospitalisation for mania. Based on a hospital data overview, a systematic search of the literature and a three-day consensus meeting, this narrative review proposed an algorithm for optimised pharmacological treatment of mania during hospitalisation and its subsequent scientific evaluation.
Modified Xiaoyao powder for postpartum depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness and safety of modified Xiaoyao powder for postpartum depression (PPD) by conducting a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Methods: The Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure Databases (CNKI), the Chinese Scientific Journals Database (VIP), Wanfang, Google Scholar, the SinoMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and PubMed databases were searched from their inception to April 25, 2023. The Cochrane Risk of Bias tool was used to assess the quality of the trials. We applied the risk ratio to present dichotomous data and the mean difference to present continuous data. Data with similar characteristics were pooled for meta-analysis and heterogeneity was assessed using I2. Results: This review included 35 trials involving 2848 participants. The quality of the included studies was low (unclear randomization processes and insufficient reporting of blinding). Participants treated with modified Xiaoyao powder plus Western medicine showed lower Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) depression score than those who used Western medicine alone (mean difference = −2.15; 95% confidence interval:−2.52 to 1.78; P <.00001), and higher effective rate (relative risk = 1.19; 95% confidence interval: 1.15 to 1.24; P <.00001), When comparing modified Xiaoyao alone with Western medicine, the HAMD depression score remained low, however, the efficacy rate was higher in the modified Xiaoyao group. Regarding adverse events, the modified Xiaoyao group reported weight gain, nausea, and diarrhea, but no severe adverse events were reported. Conclusion: Modified Xiaoyao may help relieve depression in PPD when used alone or in combination with Western medicine, with minor side effects. Therefore, future high-quality, large-sample size RCTs are warranted.
Change in brain activation after transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Preliminary evidence suggests antidepressant effects of transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields (tPEMF). However, the precise mechanism of action in the brain is still unknown. The aim of this study was to investigate the influence of tPEMF on brain activation in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) by studying two processes that might be of particular interest in relation to the symptoms of depression: emotional processing and reward processing. Methods: Eligible participants (n = 50) with TRD in this sham-controlled double-blind multicenter trial [registered at the Dutch Trial Register (http://www.trialregister.nl), NTR3702] were randomly assigned to five weeks daily active or sham tPEMF. Pre- and post-treatment functional MR-scans were made during which participants performed a social-emotional task and a reward task. Results: Participants in the active treatment group showed a stronger decrease in activation post-treatment compared to sham during reward-outcome processing in the left inferior frontal gyrus and in a cluster comprising the right lingual gyrus and the posterior part of the middle temporal gyrus. No effect of tPEMF was found on activation during the social-emotional task. Neurostimulation with tPEMF did also not affect behavioral performance for both tasks. Conclusions: We found a decrease in reward-related activation as a result of tPEMF stimulation, while no effect of tPEMF on social-emotional processing was found. The treatment-related reduction in activation of regulatory regions may reflect normalization and may have implications for anhedonia. These findings suggest that there is an effect of tPEMF on brain activation of relevant circuits, albeit in the absence of a clinical antidepressant effect.
Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation for Stroke: Primary Motor Cortex Versus Cerebellar Stimulation: A Randomized Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Stroke survivors with impaired balance and motor function tend to have relatively poor functional outcomes. The cerebellum and primary motor cortex (M1) have been suggested as targets for neuromodulation of balance and motor recovery after stroke. This study aimed to compare the efficacy and safety of intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) to the cerebellum or M1 on balance and motor recovery in patients with stroke. METHODS: In this randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial, patients with subacute stroke were randomly divided into 3 groups: M1-, cerebellar-, and sham-iTBS (n=12 per group; 15 sessions, 3 weeks). All outcomes were evaluated before intervention (T0), after 1 week of intervention (T1), after 3 weeks of intervention (T2), and at follow-up (T3). The primary outcome was the Berg balance scale score at T2. Secondary outcomes include the Fugl-Meyer assessment scale for lower extremities, the trunk impairment scale, the Barthel index, the modified Rankin Scale, the functional ambulation categories, and cortical excitability. RESULTS: A total of 167 inpatients were screened, 36 patients (age, 57.50±2.41 years; 10 women, 12 ischemic) were enrolled between December 2020 and January 2023. At T2, M1- or cerebellar-iTBS significantly improved Berg balance scale scores by 10.7 points ([95% CI, 2.7-18.6], P=0.009) and 14.2 points ([95% CI, 1.2-27.2], P=0.032) compared with the sham-iTBS group. Moreover, the cerebellar-iTBS group showed a significantly greater improvement in Fugl-Meyer assessment scale for lower extremities scores by 5.6 points than the M1-iTBS ([95% CI, 0.3-10.9], P=0.037) and by 7.8 points than the sham-iTBS ([95% CI, 1.1-14.5], P=0.021) groups at T2. The motor-evoked potential amplitudes of the M1- and cerebellar-iTBS groups were higher than those of the sham-iTBS group (P<0.001). CONCLUSIONS: Both M1- and cerebellar-iTBS could improve balance function. Moreover, cerebellar-iTBS, but not M1-iTBS, induced significant effects on motor recovery. Thus, cerebellar-iTBS may be a valuable new therapeutic option in stroke rehabilitation programs. REGISTRATION: URL: https://www.chictr.org.cn/; Unique identifier: ChiCTR2100047002.
Catgut embedding in acupoints combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of postmenopausal osteoporosis: study protocol for a randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: To date, the clinical modulation for bone metabolism based on the neuro-bone mass regulation theory is still not popular. The stimulation of nerve systems to explore novel treatments for Postmenopausal osteoporosis (PMOP) is urgent and significant. Preliminary research results suggested that changes brain function and structure may play a crucial role in bone metabolism with PMOP. Thus, we set up a clinical trial to investigate the effect of the combination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and catgut embedding in acupoints (CEA) for PMOP and to elucidate the central mechanism of this neural stimulation in regulating bone metabolism. Method: This trial is a prospective and randomized controlled trial. 96 PMOP participants will be randomized in a 1:1:1 ratio into a CEA group, an rTMS group, or a combined one. Participants will receive CEA, rTMS, or combined therapy for 3 months with 8 weeks of follow-up. The primary outcomes will be the changes in Bone Mineral Density scores, total efficiency of Chinese Medicine Symptoms before and after treatment. Secondary outcomes include the McGill Pain Questionnaire Short-Form, Osteoporosis Symptom Score, Mini-Mental State Examination, and Beck Depression Inventory-II. The leptin, leptin receptor, and norepinephrine levels of peripheral blood must be measured before and after treatment. Adverse events that occur during the trial will be recorded. Discussion: CEA achieves brain-bone mass regulation through the bottom-up way of peripheral-central while rTMS achieves it through the top-down stimulation of central-peripheral. CEA combined with rTMS can stimulate the peripheral-central at the same time and promote peripheral bone mass formation. The combination of CEA and rTMS may play a coordinating, synergistic, and side-effect-reducing role, which is of great clinical significance in exploring better treatment options for PMOP. Clinical trial registration: https://www.chictr.org.cn/, identifier ChiCTR2300073863.
Efficacy and safety of low-dose esketamine for painless gastrointestinal endoscopy in adults: a systematic evaluation and meta-analysis$$$ Object: The benefits of low-dose esketamine for painless gastrointestinal endoscopy remain unclear. As such, the present study aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of low-dose esketamine for this procedure. Methods: Seven common databases were searched for clinical studies investigating low-dose esketamine for painless gastrointestinal endoscopy. Subsequently, a meta-analysis was performed to synthesize and analyze the data extracted from studies fulfilling the inclusion criteria. Results: Meta-analysis revealed that, compared with propofol, low-dose esketamine in combination with propofol significantly reduced recovery time by 0.56 min (mean difference [MD] −0.56%, 95% confidence interval (CI) −1.08 to −0.05, p = 0.03), induction time by 9.84 s (MD −9.84, 95% CI −12.93 to −6.75, p < 0.00001), propofol dosage by 51.05 mg (MD −51.05, 95% CI −81.53 to −20.57, p = 0.01), and increased mean arterial pressure by 6.23 mmHg (MD 6.23, 95% CI 1.37 to 11.08, p = 0.01). Meanwhile, low-dose esketamine reduced injection pain by 63% (relative risk [RR] 0.37, 95% CI 0.28 to 0.49, p < 0.00001), involuntary movements by 40% (RR 0.60, 95% Cl 0.42 to 0.85, p < 0.005), choking by 42% (RR 0.58, 95% Cl 0.38 to 0.88, p = 0.01), bradycardia by 68% (RR 0.32, 95% Cl 0.18 to 0.58, p = 0.0002), hypotension by 71% (RR 0.29, 95% Cl 0.21 to 0.40, p < 0.00001), respiratory depression by 63% (RR 0.37, 95% 0.26 to 0.51, p < 0.00001), additional cases of propofol by 53% (RR 0.47, 95% Cl 0.29 to 0.77, p = 0.002), and increased hypertension by 1000% (RR 11.00, 95% Cl 1.45 to 83.28, p = 0.02). There were no significant differences in mean heart rate, mean oximetry saturation, delirium, dizziness, vomiting, tachycardia, and hypoxemia. Subgroup analyses revealed that, compared with other dose groups, 0.25 mg/kg esketamine afforded additional benefits in recovery and induction time, mean arterial pressure, involuntary movements, hypoxemia, and respiratory depression. Conclusion: Low-dose esketamine was found to be safe and effective for providing anesthesia during gastrointestinal endoscopy, with 0.25 mg/kg identified as the optimal dose within the dosage ranges examined. However, caution should be exercised when administering this drug to patients with inadequate preoperative blood pressure control.
Comparison of Effects of Propofol Combined with Different Doses of Esketamine for ECT in the Treatment of Depression: A Randomized Controlled Trial Protocol$$$ Objective: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common mood disorder. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has a significant effect on treatment-resistant MDD. Esketamine may have potential advantages in improving the efficacy of ECT, and the strong affinity of this compound for NMDAR renders it a viable therapeutic option for the management of depression. This study aims to compare the effects of different doses of esketamine combined with propofol anesthesia versus propofol anesthesia alone in ECT, aiming to provide further insights for optimizing ECT and enhancing comprehensive treatment outcomes for depression. Study Design and Methods: This study was a prospective, randomized, controlled, double-blind trial involving subjects and evaluators. One hundred eleven patients scheduled for ECT were randomly assigned to three groups. In Group P, propofol at 1mg/kg was administered intravenously. In Group P+E, propofol at a dosage of 0.5mg/kg and esketamine at a dosage of 0.5mg/kg was administered intravenously. Patients in Group P+SE received propofol at a dosage of 0.75mg/kg and esketamine at a dosage of 0.25mg/kg. The same anesthesia protocol was used for the same patient until the end of the last treatment. The primary outcome measures were the Hamilton depression scale (HAMD) and the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS), and the Digit symbol substitution test (DSST). Secondary outcomes included length of hospital stay, readmission rate, hemodynamic status, recovery, and adverse events. Discussion: This study aimed to compare the effects of propofol combined with different doses of esketamine for ECT. The results may provide a better choice for ECT anesthesia.
Safety and feasibility of optimized transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with mild cognitive impairment due to Alzheimer’s disease: a multicenter study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may effectively preserve and improve cognitive function in patients with mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Research has shown that Individual brain characteristics can influence the effects of tDCS. Computer three-dimensional brain modeling based on magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) has been suggested as an alternative for determining the most accurate tDCS electrode position based on the patients’ individual brain characteristics to enhance tDCS effects. Therefore, this study aims to determine the feasibility and safety of applying tDCS treatment using optimized and personalized tDCS electrode positions in patients with Alzheimer’s disease (AD)-induced MCI using computer modeling and compare the results with those of a sham group to improve cognitive function. Method: A prospective active-sham group feasibility study was set to recruit 40 participants, who will be randomized into Optimized-tDCS and Sham-tDCS groups. The parameters for tDCS will be 2 mA (disk electrodes R = 1.5 cm) for 30 min during two sets of 15 sessions (2 weeks of resting period in between), using two electrodes in pairs. Using computer modeling, the tDCS electrode positions of each participant will be personalized. Outcome measurements are going to be obtained at three points: baseline, first post-test, and second post-test. The AD assessment scale-cognitive subscale (ADAS-Cog) and the Korean version of Mini-Mental State Examination (K-MMSE), together with other secondary outcomes and safety tests will be used. Discussion: For the present study, we hypothesize that compared to a sham group, the optimized personalized tDCS application would be effective in improving the cognitive function of patients with AD-induced MCI and the participants would tolerate the tDCS intervention without any significant adverse effects. Clinical trial registration: https://cris.nih.go.kr, identifier [KCT0008918].
Non-pharmacological management of neuropathic pain in older adults: A systematic review$$$ Introduction: Neuropathic pain encompasses multiple diagnoses with detrimental impacts on quality of life and overall health. In older adults, pharmacological management is limited by adverse effects and drug interactions, while surgical management involves perioperative risk. Prior reviews addressing non-pharmacological interventions for neuropathic pain have not focused on this demographic. Therefore, this systematic review synthesizes the evidence regarding the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions in reducing neuropathic pain severity in older adults. Methods: PubMed, CINAHL, Web of Science, and PsycInfo were searched using key terms, with inclusion criteria of age ≥ 65, neuropathic pain, non-pharmacological intervention, pain severity measurement, English language, peer-reviewed, and either randomized controlled trial (RCT) or quasi-experimental design. In total, 2759 records were identified, with an additional 28 records identified by review of reference lists. After removal of duplicates, 2288 records were screened by title and abstract, 404 full-Text articles were assessed, and 19 articles were critically reviewed and synthesized. Results: Of the 14 RCTs and 5 quasi-experimental studies included in the review, the most common intervention was electric and/or magnetic therapy, followed by acupuncture, mindfulness meditation, exercise, and light therapy. Several studies revealed both statistical and clinical significance, but conclusions were limited by small sample sizes and methodological shortcomings. The interventions were generally safe and acceptable. Conclusions: Results should be interpreted with consideration of clinical vs statistical significance, mediators of pain severity, and individual variations in effectiveness. Further research should address multimodal and novel interventions, newer models of care, and technology-based interventions.
Assessing the impact of sex on high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation´s clinical response in schizophrenia–results from a secondary analysis$$$ Background: The evidence for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to treat negative symptoms in schizophrenia (SCZ) is increasing, although variable response rates remain a challenge. Subject´s sex critically influences rTMS´ treatment outcomes. Females with major depressive disorder are more likely to respond to rTMS, while SCZ data is scarce. Methods: Using data from the ‘rTMS for the Treatment of Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia’ (RESIS) trial we assessed the impact of sex on rTMS´ clinical response rate from screening up to 105 days after intervention among SCZ patients. The impact of resting motor threshold (RMT) on response rates was also assessed. Results: 157 patients received either active or sham rTMS treatment. No significant group differences were observed. Linear mixed model showed no effects on response rates (all p > 0.519). Apart from a significant sex*time interaction for the positive subscale of the positive and negative syndrome scale (PANSS) scores (p = 0.032), no other significant effects of sex on continuous PANSS scores were observed. RMT had no effect on response rate. Conclusion: In the largest rTMS trial on the treatment of SCZ negative symptoms we did not observe any significant effect of sex on treatment outcomes. Better assessments of sex-related differences could improve treatment individualisation.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in post-stroke cognitive impairment: an overview of systematic reviews$$$ Objective: The reliability of clinical evidence depends on high-quality meta-analyses/ systematic reviews (MAs/SRs). However, there has been no assessment of the quality of MAs/SRs for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in post-stroke cognitive impairment (PSCI), both nationally and internationally. This article seeks to use radar plotting to visually present the quality of MAs/SRs on rTMS for improving cognitive function in PSCI, aiming to offer an intuitive foundation for clinical research. Methods: Eight Chinese or English databases were systematically searched to collect comprehensive literature, and the retrieval time ranged from inception to 26 March 2024. Literature ranking was calculated using six dimensions: publication year, design type, AMSTAR-2 score, PRISMA score, publication bias, and homogeneity. Finally, radar plots were drafted to present a multivariate literature evaluation. The GRADE tool assessed the strength of evidence for the outcome indicators included in the MAs/SRs. Results: The 17 articles included had average scores of 12.29, 17, 9.88, 9.71, 12.88, and 12.76 for each dimension. The radar plot showed that an article published in 2023 had the highest rank and a large radar plot area, while an article published in 2021 had the lowest rank and a small radar plot area. The GRADE tool evaluation revealed that 51 pieces of evidence were of very low quality, 67 were of low quality, 12 were of moderate quality, and only one was of high quality. Conclusion: The average rank score of literature ranged from 8.50 to 17, with higher rankings indicating greater significance in literature reference. Variations in literature quality were attributed to inadequate study planning, irregular literature search and screening, insufficient description of inclusion criteria for studies, and inadequate consideration of bias risk in the included studies. Most MAs/SRs indicated that rTMS was more effective than the control group in enhancing the global cognitive function and activities of daily living in PSCI patients. However, the overall quality of the literature was generally low and needs validation from future high-quality evidence. Systematic review registration:https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/, identifier CRD42023491280.
Combination of anodal tDCS of the cerebellum with a goal-oriented motor training to treat cervical dystonia: a pilot case series$$$ Background: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) of the cerebellum shows promise for the treatment of dystonia. Specific motor rehabilitation programs have also been developed in this context. However, the combination of these two approaches has not yet been evaluated to determine their therapeutic potential. Methods: We report a series of 5 patients with cervical dystonia (CD) poorly controlled by botulinum toxin injections. They were initially treated by a protocol of repeated daily sessions (for 3 or 5 days) of cerebellar anodal tDCS (cer-atDCS) applied alone. In a second time, additional protocols of cer-atDCS were performed in combination with a program of goal-oriented motor training exercises (Mot-Training), specifically developed for the treatment of CD. The clinical impact of the procedures was assessed on the Toronto Western Spasmodic Torticollis Rating Scale (TWSTRS). Results: Compared to baseline, the maximum percentage of TWSTRS total score improvement was 37% on average after cer-atDCS performed alone (p = 0.147, not significant) and 53% on average after cer-atDCS combined with Mot-Training (p = 0.014, significant). The TWSTRS pain and functional handicap subscores also improved after the combined protocol. A score of (+3) to (+5) was rated on the TWSTRS response scale after cer-atDCS performed alone or the combined protocol, corresponding to a moderate to striking improvement on dystonia and pain. This improvement lasted longer after the combined protocol than after cer-atDCS alone (3.4 vs. 1.4 months on average, p = 0.011). Conclusion: The combination of cer-atDCS with Mot-Training produced a greater and more prolonged improvement than the application of cer-atDCS alone. Such a combined therapeutic procedure is easy to perform and opens important perspectives in the long-term treatment of CD. These results remain to be confirmed by a randomized sham-controlled trial on a larger sample.
Acute effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on postural control of trained athletes: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is used to modulate brain function, and can modulate motor and postural control. While the acute effect of tDCS is well documented on patients, little is still known whether tDCS can alter the motor control of healthy trained participants. This study aimed to assess the acute effect of tDCS on postural control of parkour practitioners, known for their good balance abilities and their neuromuscular specificities that make them good candidates for tDCS intervention. Eighteen parkour practitioners were tested on three occasions in the laboratory for each stimulation condition (2 mA; 20 minutes)–primary motor cortex (M1), dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and sham (placebo). Postural control was evaluated PRE and POST each stimulation by measuring Center of Pressure (CoP) displacements on a force platform during static conditions (bipedal and unipedal stance). Following M1 stimulation, significant decreases were observed in CoP area in unipedal (from 607.1 ± 297.9 mm2 to 451.1 ± 173.9 mm2, P = 0.003) and bipedal (from 157.5 ± 74.1 mm2 to 117.6 ± 59.8 mm2 P<0.001) stances. As well, the CoP total length was significantly reduced in bipedal (from 3416.8 ± 295.4 mm to 3280.6 ± 306.2 mm, P = 0.005) as well as in unipedal stance (from 4259.6 ± 398.4 mm to 3846.5 ± 468.9 mm, P<0.001), only after M1 stimulation. Relative pre-post changes observed after M1 stimulation were negatively correlated to experience in parkour only after unipedal stance (r = 0.715, P<0.001), meaning that the more participants were trained the less tDCS was effective. No significant changes were noticed after sham and dlPFC stimulation. These results suggested that the modulation of gait performance in athletes following an acute intervention of tDCS is specific to the targeted brain region, and that postures with reduced base of support (such as unipedal stance) were more sensitive to tDCS.
Accelerated Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Refractory Depression in Autism Spectrum Disorder$$$ Purpose: Major depressive disorder (MDD) disproportionately affects those living with autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and is associated with significant impairment and treatment recidivism. Methods: We studied the use of accelerated theta burst stimulation (ATBS) for the treatment of refractory MDD in ASD (3 treatments daily x 10 days). This prospective open-label 12-week trial included 10 subjects with a mean age of 21.5 years, randomized to receive unilateral or bilateral stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Results: One participant dropped out of the study due to intolerability. In both treatment arms, depressive symptoms, scored on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores, diminished substantially. At 12 weeks post-treatment, full remission was sustained in 5 subjects and partial remission in 3 subjects. Treatment with ATBS, regardless of the site of stimulation, was associated with a significant, substantial, and sustained improvement in depressive symptomatology via the primary outcome measure, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Additional secondary measures, including self-report depression scales, fluid cognition, and sleep quality, also showed significant improvement. No serious adverse events occurred during the study. Mild transient headaches were infrequently reported, which are expected side effects of ATBS. Conclusion: Overall, ATBS treatment was highly effective and well-tolerated in individuals with ASD and co-occurring MDD. The findings support the need for a larger, sham-controlled randomized controlled trial to further evaluate efficacy of ATBS in this population.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke non-fluent aphasia: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Objective: To systematically evaluate the efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on language function in patients with non-fluent aphasia post-stroke. Methods: We selected randomized clinical trials (RCT) that involved stroke patients with non-fluent aphasia, whose intervention was rTMS vs. no therapy or other therapy. Two researchers autonomously reviewed the literature based on the specified criteria for inclusion and exclusion and completed the process of data extraction, data verification, and quality evaluation. Meta-analysis was performed using RevMan 5.41 and Stata MP 172, while the assessment of risk of bias was carried out utilizing the Risk of Bias version 2 tool (RoB2)3. Results: The meta-analysis involved 47 RCTs, encompassing 2,190 patients overall. The indexes indicated that rTMS has the potential to decrease the severity of non-fluent aphasia in stroke patients, including improvement of the capability of repetition, naming, and spontaneous language. The determination of BDNF in the serum of patients was also increased. In addition, rTMS reduced the likelihood of depression in stroke patients. Conclusion: To summarize the relevant studies, rTMS has significant effects on improving the language abilities of stroke patients suffering from non-fluent aphasia, including the abilities of repetition, naming, and spontaneous language.
Efficacy and safety of transcranial pulse stimulation in young adolescents with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a pilot, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: This is the first study to evaluate the efficacy and safety of transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) for the treatment of attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) among young adolescents in Hong Kong. Methods: This double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial included a TPS group and a sham TPS group, encompassing a total of 30 subjects aged 12–17 years who were diagnosed with ADHD. Baseline measurements SNAP-IV, ADHD RS-IV, CGI and executive functions (Stroop tests, Digit Span) and post-TPS evaluation were collected. Both groups were assessed at baseline, immediately after intervention, and at 1-month and 3-month follow-ups. Repeated-measures ANOVAs were used to analyze data. Results: The TPS group exhibited a 30% reduction in the mean SNAP-IV score at postintervention that was maintained at 1- and 3-month follow-ups. Conclusion: TPS is an effective and safe adjunct treatment for the clinical management of ADHD. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.Gov, identifier NCT05422274.
Sustained Mood Improvement with Laughing Gas Exposure (SMILE): Study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled pilot trial of nitrous oxide for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background Nitrous oxide has shown potentially as an efficacious intervention for treatment-resistant depression, yet there remains insufficient evidence pertaining to repeated administration of nitrous oxide over time and active placebo-controlled studies with optimal blinding. Thus, we aim to examine the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of a six-week follow up study examining the effects of a 4 week course of weekly administered nitrous oxide as compared to the active placebo, midazolam. Methods In this randomized, active placebo-controlled, pilot trial, 40 participants with treatment-resistant depression will receive either inhaled nitrous oxide (1 hour at 50% concentration) plus intravenous saline (100mL) or inhaled oxygen (1 hour at 50% concentration) plus intravenous midazolam (0.02 mg/kg in 100mL, up to 2mg) once per week, for 4 consecutive weeks. Participants will be followed up for 6 weeks starting from the first treatment visit. Primary feasibility outcomes include recruitment rate, withdrawal rate, adherence, missing data, and adverse events. The primary exploratory clinical outcome is change in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score at day 42 of the study. Other exploratory clinical outcomes include remission (defined as MADRS score <10), response (defined as ≥ 50% reduction in MADRS score), and adverse side effects. Discussion This pilot study will provide valuable information regarding the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of repeated nitrous oxide administration over time for treatment-resistant depression. If feasible, this study will inform the design of a future definitive trial of nitrous oxide as an efficacious and fast-acting treatment for treatment-resistant depression.
Right ventrolateral and left dorsolateral 10 Hz transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar I and II depression: a double-blind, randomised, three‐arm, sham-controlled study$$$ Objectives: Despite the clinical importance of bipolar depression (BDE), effective treatment options are still limited. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has proven of moderate efficacy in major depression, but the evidence remains inconclusive for BDE. Methods: A 4-week, double-blind, randomised, parallel-group, sham-controlled study (trial ID ISRCTN77188420) explored the benefits of 10 Hz MRI-guided right ventrolateral (RVL) rTMS and left dorsolateral (LDL) rTMS as add-on treatments for BDE. Outcome measures included changes in the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score, self-assessment, response and remission rates, and side effects. Results: Sixty patients were randomly assigned to study groups, and forty-six completed the double-blind phase. The mean change from baseline to Week 4 in MADRS was greater in both active groups compared to the sham, yet differences did not achieve significance (RVL vs sham: −4.50, 95%CI −10.63 to 1.64, p = 0.3; LDL vs sham: −4.07, 95%CI −10.24 to 2.10, p = 0.4). None of the other outcome measures yielded significant results. Conclusions: While not demonstrating the superiority of either 10 Hz rTMS over sham, with the limited sample size, we can not rule out a moderate yet clinically meaningful effect. Further well-powered studies are essential to elucidate the role of rTMS in managing BDE.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in children and young people with psychiatric disorders: a systematic review$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has demonstrated benefits in adults with psychiatric disorders, but its clinical utility in children and young people (CYP) is unclear. This PRISMA systematic review used published and ongoing studies to examine the effects of rTMS on disorder-specific symptoms, mood and neurocognition in CYP with psychiatric disorders. We searched Medline via PubMed, Embase, PsychINFO via OVID, and Clinicaltrials.gov up to July 2023. Eligible studies involved multiple-session (i.e., treatment) rTMS in CYP (≤ 25 years-old) with psychiatric disorders. Two independent raters assessed the eligibility of studies and extracted data using a custom-built form. Out of 78 eligible studies (participant N = 1389), the majority (k = 54; 69%) reported an improvement in at least one outcome measure of disorder-specific core symptoms. Some studies (k = 21) examined rTMS effects on mood or neurocognition,: findings were largely positive. Overall, rTMS was well-tolerated with minimal side-effects. Of 17 ongoing or recently completed studies, many are sham-controlled RCTs with better blinding techniques and a larger estimated participant enrolment. Findings provide encouraging evidence for rTMS-related improvements in disorder-specific symptoms in CYP with different psychiatric disorders. However, in terms of both mood (for conditions other than depression) and neurocognitive outcomes, evidence is limited. Importantly, rTMS is well-tolerated and safe. Ongoing studies appear to be of improved methodological quality; however, future studies should broaden outcome measures to more comprehensively assess the effects of rTMS and develop guidance on dosage (i.e., treatment regimens).
Acupuncture combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: a systematic evaluation and meta-analysis based on a randomised controlled trial$$$ Objective: This study aimed to systematically assess the efficacy of combining acupuncture with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treating post-stroke depression (PSD). Methods: We conducted a comprehensive search of eight major domestic and international databases, including the China Knowledge Network, from inception until December 2023. Included were randomized controlled trials that investigated acupuncture combined with rTMS for PSD. The screening process adhered to predetermined inclusion and exclusion criteria, and study quality was assessed using Cochrane Handbook 5.1 guidelines. Meta-analysis was conducted using RevMan 5.4 software. Results: Twelve studies involving 800 patients were included in the analysis. The meta-analysis showed that acupuncture combined with rTMS significantly improved the clinical effectiveness rate (RR = 1.19, 95% CI: 1.12 to 1.27, p < 0.00001) and reduced scores on several scales: Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) (MD = −3.35, 95% CI: −3.79 to −2.90, p < 0.00001), Self-Depression Scale (SDS) (MD = −9.57, 95% CI: −12.26 to −6.89, p < 0.00001), Chinese Medicine Symptom Score (MD = −3.34, 95% CI: −3.76 to −2.91, p < 0.00001), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Scale (MD = −3.91, 95% CI: −4.58 to −3.25, p < 0.00001), and National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) (MD = −2.77, 95% CI: −3.21 to −2.32, p < 0.00001). Furthermore, acupuncture combined with rTMS treatment improved cognitive functioning (MMSE, MoCA scores) (p < 0.00001) and ability to perform activities of daily living scores (MD = 10.40, 95% CI: 9.53 to 11.28, p < 0.00001). Additionally, it was found to reduce interleukin 6, tumor necrosis factor alpha, interleukin 1β, and increase 5-hydroxytryptamine and brain-derived neurotrophic factor levels (p < 0.001). Conclusion: Acupuncture combined with rTMS therapy is recommended for treating PSD, as it effectively improves clinical outcomes, alleviates depressive symptoms, enhances cognitive function, and daily living capabilities, and modulates inflammatory responses and neurotransmitter levels. However, it is important to note that the limitations of the sample size and quality of the included studies warrant the need for more high-quality research to validate these conclusions. Systematic review registration: INPLASY, Identifier INPLASY202430085.
Effects and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation on multiple health outcomes: an umbrella review of randomized clinical trials$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), which delivers a direct current to the brain, emerged as a non-invasive potential therapeutic in treating a range of neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders. However, a comprehensive quantitative evidence synthesis on the effects of tDCS on a broad range of mental illnesses is lacking. Here, we systematically assess the certainty of the effects and safety of tDCS on several health outcomes using an umbrella review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The methodological quality of each included original meta-analysis was assessed by the A Measurement Tool for Assessing Systematic Reviews 2 (AMSTAR2), and the certainty of the evidence for each effect was evaluated with Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE). We followed an a priori protocol (PROSPERO CRD42023458700). We identified 15 meta-analyses of RCTs (AMSTAR 2; high 3, moderate 3, and low 9) that included 282 original articles, covering 22 unique health endpoints across 22 countries and six continents. From meta-analyses of RCTs supported by very low to high certainty of evidence, it was found that tDCS improved symptoms related to post-stroke, including post-stroke depression scale score (equivalent standardized mean difference [eSMD], 1.61 [95% confidence level, 0.72–2.50]; GRADE=moderate), activities of daily living independence (7.04 [3.41–10.67]; GRADE=high), motor recovery of upper and lower extremity (upper extremity: 0.15 [0.06–0.24], GRADE=high; lower extremity: 0.10 [0.03–0.16], GRADE=high), swallowing performance (GRADE=low), and spasticity (GRADE=moderate). In addition, tDCS had treatment effects on symptoms of several neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders, including obsessive-compulsive disorder (0.81 [0.44–1.18]; GRADE=high), pain in fibromyalgia (GRADE=low), disease of consciousness (GRADE=low), insight score (GRADE=moderate) and working memory (0.34 [0.01-0.67]; GRADE=high) in schizophrenia, migraine-related pain (−1.52 [−2.91 to −0.13]; GRADE=high), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (reduction in overall symptom severity: 0.24 [0.04–0.45], GRADE=low; reduction in inattention: 0.56 [0.02–1.11], GRADE=low; reduction in impulsivity: 0.28 [0.04–0.51], GRADE=low), depression (GRADE=low), cerebellar ataxia (GRADE=low), and pain (GRADE=very low). Importantly, tDCS induced an increased number of reported cases of treatment-emergent mania or hypomania (0.88 [0.62–1.13]; GRADE=moderate). We found varied levels of evidence for the effects of tDCS with multiple neurological and neuropsychiatric conditions, from very low to high certainty of evidence. tDCS was effective for people with stroke, obsessive-compulsive disorder, fibromyalgia, disease of consciousness, schizophrenia, migraine, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, depression, cerebellar ataxia, and pain. Therefore, these findings suggest the benefit of tDCS for several neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders; however, further studies are needed to understand the underlying mechanism and optimize its therapeutic potential. (Figure presented.)
Treating refractory obsessive compulsive disorder with cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation over the supplementary motor area: a large multisite randomized sham-controlled double-blind study$$$ Background: The present study evaluated the therapeutic efficacy and tolerability of 10 transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) sessions in treatment-resistance obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) patients using a multisite double-blind sham-controlled design. Methods: Eighty treatment-resistance outpatients suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder were randomized to receive either active or sham transcranial direct current stimulation. The cathode was positioned over the supplementary motor area and the anode over the right supraorbital area. Patients were evaluated at baseline, end of treatment (day 14), one-month follow-up (day 45), and three-month follow-up (day 105) on the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale. Results: Although a significant interaction between time and treatment was observed, the primary endpoint—measuring the change in Yale-Brown obsessive compulsive scale scores after two weeks—was not achieved. Conversely, the secondary endpoint, which concerned the change in Yale-Brown obsessive compulsive scale scores after three months, was successfully met. It is important to note, however, that there were no significant differences in the percentage of responders and remitters at any of the post-treatment assessments. This suggests that the treatment may not have had a clinically relevant impact. Patients well received the transcranial direct current stimulation treatment, indicating its good tolerability. Conclusion: This is the largest controlled trial using transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistance obsessive-compulsive disorder patients. Our results indicate the importance of studying the placebo effect in transcranial direct current stimulation and the necessity to consider a long follow-up time to best evaluate the effects of the intervention. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT03304600.
Non-invasive brain stimulation improves pain in patients with central post-stroke pain: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Central post-stroke pain (CPSP) significantly interferes with the quality of life and psychological well-being of stroke patients. Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) has attracted significant attention as an emerging method for treating patients with CPSP. Objective: To compare the clinical efficacy of noninvasive brain stimulation on pain, and psychological status of patients with central post-stroke pain using meta-analysis. Methods: A computerized search of multiple databases was performed for identification of randomized controlled trials involving NIBS-led treatment of CPSP patients. Two researchers worked independently on literature screening, data extraction, and quality assessment. Research was conducted from inception of the database until October 2023. RevMan 5.0 and Stata 15.0 software were used to conduct statistical analysis. Results: Sixteen papers with 807 patients were finally included. The results showed that NIBS reduced patients’ pain intensity [SMD = −0.39, 95% CI (−0.54, −0.24), p < 0.01] and was more effective in short-term CPSP patients. However, the included studies did not show a significant impact on psychological status, particularly depression. Subgroup analysis suggested that the M1 stimulation point was more effective than other stimulation points [SMD = −0.45, 95% CI (−0.65, −0.25), p < 0.001]. Other stimulation modalities also demonstrated favorable outcomes when compared to rTMS [SMD = −0.67, 95% CI (−1.09, −0.25), p < 0.01]. Conclusion: NIBS has a positive impact on pain relief in patients with CPSP, but does not enhance patients’ psychological well-being in terms of anxiety or depression. Furthermore, large-sample, high-quality, and multi-center RCTs are needed to explore the benefits of different stimulation durations and parameters in patients with CPSP. The current study has been registered with Prospero under the registration number CRD42023468419.
Theta burst stimulation for depression: a systematic review and network and pairwise meta-analysis$$$ In clinical practice, theta burst stimulation (TBS) presents as a more efficient and potentially more effective therapeutic modality than conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), as it allows for the delivery of more stimuli in less time and at similar intensities. To date, accelerated treatment plans according to various continuous (cTBS) and intermittent TBS (iTBS) protocols for depression have been proposed. To investigate which of the TBS protocols provided a favorable risk-benefit balance for individuals with depression, this systematic review and random-effects model network meta-analysis was conducted. The study outcomes included response rate (primary), depression symptom improvement, remission rate, all-cause discontinuation rate, incidence of switch to mania, and incidence of headache/discomfort at treatment site. In this meta-analysis, a total of 23 randomized controlled trials (n = 960, mean age = 41.88 years, with 60.78% females) were included. Approximately 69.57% of the trials included individuals with an exclusive diagnosis of major depressive disorder. The following six TBS protocols (target) were evaluated: cTBS (right-dorsolateral prefrontal cortex [R-DLPFC]), cTBS (R-DLPFC) + iTBS (left-DLPFC [L-DLPFC]), iTBS (L-DLPFC), iTBS (L-DLPFC) + iTBS (R-DLPFC), iTBS (left-dorsomedial prefrontal cortex) + iTBS (right-dorsomedial prefrontal cortex), and iTBS (occipital lobe). Compared to sham, cTBS (R-DLPFC) + iTBS (L-DLPFC), iTBS (L-DLPFC), and iTBS (occipital lobe) had a higher response rate (k = 23); cTBS (R-DLPFC) + iTBS (L-DLPFC) and iTBS (L-DLPFC) dominated in the depression symptom improvement (k = 23); and iTBS (L-DLPFC) had a higher remission rate (k = 15). No significant differences were found for all-cause discontinuation rate (k = 17), incidence of switch to mania (k = 7), and incidence of headache/discomfort at treatment site (k = 10) between any TBS protocols and sham. Thus, cTBS (R-DLPFC) + iTBS (L-DLPFC) and iTBS (L-DLPFC) demonstrate favorable risk-benefit balance for the treatment of depression.
Placebo effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on negative symptoms and cognition in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Negative symptoms and cognitive impairments are highly frequent in schizophrenia spectrum disorders (SSD), associated with adverse functional outcomes and quality of life. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been considered a promising therapeutic option in SSD. However, placebo effects of rTMS on these symptoms remained unclear. Objective: To investigate placebo effects of rTMS on alleviating negative symptoms and cognitive impairment in patients with SSD and to explore potential moderators. Methods: We systematically searched five electronic databases up to 15 July 2023. Randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trials investigating effects of rTMS on negative symptoms or cognition in patients with SSD were included. The pooled placebo effect sizes, represented by Hedges’ g, were estimated using the random-effects model. Potential moderators were explored through subgroup analysis and meta-regression. Results: Forty-four randomized controlled trials with 961 patients (mean age 37.53 years; 28.1% female) in the sham group were included. Significant low-to-moderate pooled placebo effect sizes were observed for negative symptoms (g=0.44, p<0.001), memory (g=0.31, p=0.010), executive function (g=0.35, p<0.001), working memory (g=0.26, p=0.004), and processing speed (g=0.36, p=0.004). Subgroup analysis indicated that placebo effects were affected by sham stimulation methods, rTMS targeting approaches, and stimulation frequency. Conclusions: Placebo effects of rTMS on negative symptoms and cognition in patients with SSD are significant in a small-to-moderate magnitude, which might be mediated by rTMS parameters. Our findings will provide new insights for practitioners to further optimize and establish standardized rTMS protocols for future RCTs tackling cardinal symptoms in SSD. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/, identifier CRD42023390138.
The Impact of Ketamine-Based Versus Non-Ketamine-Based ECT Anesthesia Regimens on the Severity of Patients’ Depression and Occurrence of Adverse Events: A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: To compare efficacy and safety outcomes for ketamine anesthesia + electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) versus nonketamine anesthesia + ECT in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) patients. Data Sources: PubMed and Embase were searched from the earliest date through November 27, 2023. Study Selection and Data Extraction: Relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of ketamine + ECT versus nonketamine anesthesia + ECT that reported data on remission (odds ratio [OR]), defined as a Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and Montgomery-Asburg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score <8-10) and mean differences (MDs) in HAM-D scores after several ECT sessions were compared using inverse variance methods. The risk of bias (RoB) was assessed using the Cochrane RoB tool. Data Synthesis: Seventeen RCTs (RoB: Low N = 12, Moderate N = 2, High N = 3) with 1181 total patients met inclusion criteria. Patients receiving ECT experienced greater clinical remission (OR: 1.78, [95% confidence interval (CI): 1.08-2.93], I2 = 11%, N = 9) and lower HAM-D scores after the third through sixth ECT sessions as well as the eighth ECT session when ketamine versus nonketamine anesthesia was used. Ketamine use with ECT significantly increased fear with hallucinations (OR: 1.99, [95% CI: 1.11-3.58], I2 = 0%, N = 7) than with nonketamine anesthesia. Relevance to Patient Care and Clinical Practice: Selecting ketamine-based anesthesia could more quickly and profoundly enhance the beneficial effects of ECT for patients with severe TRD, but the balance of benefits to harm is unclear as there may be additional adverse events. Conclusion: Ketamine is a promising anesthesia adjunct to ECT that may enhance antidepressant effects in exchange for more adverse events.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in central post-stroke pain: a meta-analysis and systematic review of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: The rehabilitation of central post-stroke pain (CPSP) is a complex clinical challenge, and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been widely applied in the research of neurofunctional recovery following stroke. However, there is currently no reliable evidence-based medicine supporting the efficacy of rTMS in central post-stroke pain. This review aims to evaluate the effects of rTMS on central post-stroke pain. Methods: Following the PRISMA guidelines, we conducted searches on PubMed, Cochrane Library, Embase, Web of Science, CNKI, and Wan Fang Data Knowledge Service Platform. We searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating the use of rTMS in treating central post-stroke pain, and conducted screening based on inclusion and exclusion criteria. Characteristics of the included RCTs were extracted. The heterogeneity of the trials was assessed using the I2 statistic. Meta-analysis was performed using Stata 17 software. Bias risk and methodological quality were evaluated using the Cochrane RoB 2 tool and the Pedro scale. Results: A total of six randomized controlled trials involving 288 patients met our inclusion criteria. In our analysis, rTMS was more effective in treating patients with CPSP compared to the placebo group (SMD=-1.15, 95% CI: −1.69, −0.61, P < 0.001). Furthermore, results from subgroup analysis indicated no statistically significant difference in the improvement of pain for durations exceeding 6 months when comparing rTMS to conventional treatment (SMD=-0.80, 95% CI: −1.63, 0.03, P = 0.059). Conclusion: TMS can alleviate pain in CPSP patients and improve their motor function, but its effects on depression, anxiety, and MEP-latency are not significant. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/, CRD42024497530.
Efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation and neuronavigation for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are increasingly used for major depressive disorder (MDD). Most tDCS and rTMS studies target the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, either with or without neuronavigation. We examined the effect of rTMS and tDCS, and the added value of neuronavigation in the treatment of MDD. Methods: A search on PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane databases for rTMS or tDCS randomized controlled trials of MDD up to 1 February 2023, yielded 89 studies. We then performed meta-analyses comparing tDCS efficacy to non-neuronavigated rTMS, tDCS to neuronavigated rTMS, and neuronavigated rTMS to non-neuronavigated rTMS. We assessed the significance of the effect in subgroups and in the whole meta-analysis with a z-test and subgroup differences with a chi-square test. Results: We found small-to-medium effects of both tDCS and rTMS on MDD, with a slightly greater effect from rTMS. No significant difference was found between neuronavigation and non-neuronavigation. Conclusion: Although both tDCS and rTMS are effective in treating MDD, many patients do not respond. Additionally, current neuronavigation methods are not significantly improving MDD treatment. It is therefore imperative to seek personalized methods for these interventions.
Recent treatment and novel imaging studies evaluating treatment of internet gaming disorder: a narrative review$$$ Internet Gaming Disorder (IGD) is an emerging public health concern; effective treatments are still under development. This mini-review focuses on summarizing the main scientific evidence from psychological, pharmacological, brain imaging, and emerging treatment approaches for IGD. We searched PubMed and Scopus databases using keywords related to IGD and treatment. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is the most extensively researched psychological treatment for IGD, supported by several randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Other promising approaches include mindfulness, relapse prevention, abstinence protocols, and family therapy. Pharmacological treatments like bupropion and escitalopram have shown benefits, especially when IGD is comorbid with conditions like major depressive disorder. However, the quality of evidence is moderate for psychological interventions but low to moderate for pharmacological approaches. Emerging treatments such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and electro-acupuncture have demonstrated efficacy in reducing IGD symptoms and modulating brain activity. Brain imaging techniques like functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) have provided insights into the neural mechanisms underlying IGD and treatment effects, although these studies lack randomized controlled designs. While multimodal approaches show promise, larger, well-designed RCTs are needed to establish effective IGD treatments.
Effect analysis of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with fluoxetine in the treatment of first-episode adolescent depression$$$ Objectives: This study aims to evaluate the efficacy of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with fluoxetine in enhancing the early antidepressant response in first-episode adolescent depression cases, providing insights for patient diagnosis and treatment. Methods: One hundred and thirty-five adolescents experiencing their first depressive episode were randomly assigned to either a sham group treated with fluoxetine or to low or high repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) groups receiving both rTMS and fluoxetine. Therapeutic effects were assessed by comparing changes in Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD-17) scores, cognitive function scores from the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST), and Clinical Global Impression-improvement (CGI-I) scores, along with recording adverse reactions. Results: The total effectiveness rate in the rTMS groups (Low, 95.56%; High, 97.78%) was significantly higher than in the Sham rTMS group (80%) (F = 11.15, P<0.0001). Post-treatment, not only the Low but also the High rTMS group exhibited more significant reductions in HAMD-17 (Low, 21.05; High, 21.45) and CGI-I scores (Low, 3.44; High, 3.60) compared to the Sham rTMS group (HAMD-17, 16.05; CGI-I, 2.57) (two weeks: F = 7.889, P = 0.0006; four weeks: F = 15.900, P<0.0001). Additionally, the two rTMS groups exhibited fewer erroneous responses and persistent errors in the WCST and completed more WCST categorizations than the Sham rTMS group. There was no significant difference in adverse reaction rates between the groups (F=4.421, P=0.0794). Conclusions: The combination of fluoxetine with rTMS demonstrates enhanced therapeutic effectiveness in treating adolescent depression, effectively controlling disease progression, reducing depressive symptoms, and improving cognitive function, making it a valuable clinical approach.
Research on the Improvement of Cognitive Function of Patients with Alzheimer’s Disease and Cerebral Small Vessel Disease by Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is a well-recognized neurodegenerative disorder characterized by pro-gressive cognitive decline, while cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD) falls within the spectrum of cerebrovas-cular conditions. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has emerged as a potential intervention for improving cognitive function in various neurodegenerative and neurological disorders. This study investi-gates the potential benefits of rTMS in enhancing cognitive function in patients concurrently diagnosed with AD and CSVD. A total of 120 participants were recruited for this randomized controlled trial. All participants presented with a clinical diagnosis of Alzheimer’s disease (AD) or cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD), with a subset of participants meeting criteria for both conditions, indicating a mixed dementia state. It’s important to note that a meticulous diagnostic approach was adopted to distinguish between AD and CSVD. The diagnostic process aimed to ensure that participants were predominantly affected by AD (above 95% prevalence), with minimal vascular disease (VD) involvement. The participants were stratified into two primary groups based on their primary diagnosis: those primarily diagnosed with AD and those primarily diagnosed with CSVD. Within each of these primary diagnosis groups, participants were further randomly assigned to either the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) group or the sham stimulation group. Cognitive assessments were conducted at three key time points: baseline, immediately following the treatment period, and during a follow-up visit three months post-treatment. Cognitive domains, including memory, attention, and executive function, were evaluated. Memory was assessed using the Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test, attention with the Trail Making Test Part A, and executive function through the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test. Cognitive assessments revealed significant improvements within each group following treatment. The AD-focused group displayed notable enhancements in memory (20% recall accuracy increase), attention (15% task com-pletion time reduction), and executive function (25% task-switching instances rise). Similarly, the CSVD-fo-cused group exhibited improvements in these cognitive domains (15%, 10%, and 20% respectively). Compar-ing the two groups, both displayed positive cognitive changes, albeit with variations. The AD-focused group demonstrated larger memory and executive function improvements, while the CSVD-focused group showed more substantial attentional gains. These findings underscore the potential benefits of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in enhancing cognitive function in distinct neurological conditions, advocating for personalized interventions based on primary diagnoses. Our findings suggest that rTMS has a positive im-pact on cognitive function in patients with both AD and CSVD. The enhanced connectivity observed in brain networks supports the hypothesis that rTMS contributes to cognitive improvement by modulating neural circuits. Our study contributes to the growing body of evidence supporting non-invasive neuromodulatory techniques as potential interventions for cognitive decline in complex neurological conditions. The observed improvements in cognitive performance and altered brain connectivity patterns highlight the potential of rTMS as an adjunct therapy in the management of cognitive decline.
Predictive values of pre-treatment brain age models to rTMS effects in neurocognitive disorder with depression: Secondary analysis of a randomised sham-controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction: One major challenge in developing personalised repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is that the treatment responses exhibited high inter-individual variations. Brain morphometry might contribute to these variations. This study sought to determine whether individual’s brain morphometry could predict the rTMS responders and remitters. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of data from a randomised clinical trial that included fifty-five patients over the age of 60 with both comorbid depression and neurocognitive disorder. Based on magnetic resonance imaging scans, estimated brain age was calculated with morphometric features using a support vector machine. Brain-predicted age difference (brain-PAD) was computed as the difference between brain age and chronological age. Results: The rTMS responders and remitters had younger brain age. Every additional year of brain-PAD decreased the odds of relieving depressive symptoms by ∼25.7% in responders (Odd ratio [OR] = 0.743, p =.045) and by ∼39.5% in remitters (OR = 0.605, p =.022) in active rTMS group. Using brain-PAD score as a feature, responder-nonresponder classification accuracies of 85% (3rd week) and 84% (12th week), respectively were achieved. Conclusion: In elderly patients, younger brain age appears to be associated with better treatment responses to active rTMS. Pre-treatment brain age models informed by morphometry might be used as an indicator to stratify suitable patients for rTMS treatment. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: ChiCTR-IOR-16008191.
Long-lasting improvements in episodic memory among subjects with mild cognitive impairment who received transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive treatment and telerehabilitation: a multicentre, randomized, active-controlled study$$$ Background: In recent years, an increasing number of studies have examined the potential efficacy of cognitive training procedures in individuals with normal ageing and mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Objective: The aims of this study were to (i) evaluate the efficacy of the cognitive Virtual Reality Rehabilitation System (VRRS) combined with anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex compared to placebo tDCS stimulation combined with VRRS and (ii) to determine how to prolong the beneficial effects of the treatment. A total of 109 subjects with MCI were assigned to 1 of 5 study groups in a randomized controlled trial design: (a) face-to-face (FTF) VRRS during anodal tDCS followed by cognitive telerehabilitation (TR) (clinic-atDCS-VRRS+Tele@H-VRRS); (b) FTF VRRS during placebo tDCS followed by TR (clinic-ptDCS-VRRS+Tele@H-VRRS); (c) FTF VRRS followed by cognitive TR (clinic-VRRS+Tele@H-VRRS); (d) FTF VRRS followed by at-home unstructured cognitive stimulation (clinic-VRRS+@H-UCS); and (e) FTF cognitive treatment as usual (clinic-TAU). Results: An improvement in episodic memory was observed after the end of clinic-atDCS-VRRS (p < 0.001). We found no enhancement in episodic memory after clinic-ptDCS-VRRS or after clinic-TAU. Moreover, the combined treatment led to prolonged beneficial effects (clinic-atDCS-VRRS+Tele@H-VRRS vs. clinic-ptDCS-VRRS+Tele@H-VRRS: p = 0.047; clinic-atDCS-VRRS+Tele@H-VRRS vs. clinic-VRRS+Tele@H-VRRS: p = 0.06). Discussion: The present study provides preliminary evidence supporting the use of individualized VRRS combined with anodal tDCS and cognitive telerehabilitation for cognitive rehabilitation. Clinical trial registration: https://clinicaltrials.gov/study/NCT03486704?term=NCT03486704&rank=1, NCT03486704.
Enhancing Interoceptive Abilities and Emotional Processing: Effects of HD-tDCS$$$ Background: Interoception, the processing and integration of bodily signals, is crucial for emotional experiences and overall well-being. The interoceptive network, including the somatosensory cortices, has been recognized for its role in interoceptive and emotional processing. High-definition transcranial, direct-current stimulation (HD-tDCS) has been demonstrated to modulate brain activity in the primary somatosensory cortex (S1). Based on those findings, we hypothesized that anodal HD-tDCS over the right S1 would enhance interoceptive abilities and heighten emotional perception. Methods: Thirty-six healthy adults participated in two sessions separated by at least one week. A 20-min HD-tDCS stimulation (2 mA), and a sham stimulation, were applied in randomized order. Both conditions involved pre-tDCS physical activation by ergometer cycling. Interoceptive abilities were assessed before and after both sessions using a heartbeat-perception and respiratory-load task. Emotional perception was measured using four matched international affective picture system (IAPS) picture sets presented randomly. Results: Active HD-tDCS did not significantly improve interoceptive accuracy, interoceptive emotion evaluation, or interoceptive sensibility. However, a notable increase in cardiac interoceptive awareness was observed after active HD-tDCS. The expected enhancement of emotional processing was not observed. Conclusions: This study represents the first attempt to modulate interoceptive and emotional processing using HD-tDCS over S1. Although consistent enhancement was not observed, our findings provide insights into the modulation of interoceptive and emotional processes with HD-tDCS, suggesting avenues for further research. Further studies should consider the nuanced effects of stimulation techniques and the complex interplay between interoception and emotion.
Efficacy of Noninvasive Brain Stimulation in Treating General Psychopathology Symptoms in Schizophrenia: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Objectives: Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) has been shown to effectively alleviate negative and positive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. However, its impact on depressive symptoms and general psychopathology symptoms (GPSs), which are crucial for functional outcomes, remains uncertain. We aimed to compare the efficacy of various NIBS interventions in treating depressive symptoms and GPSs. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive search of multiple databases and performed a meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy of NIBS in treating depressive symptoms and GPSs in schizophrenia. The effect sizes of NIBS for depression symptoms and GPSs were estimated using standard mean differences (SMDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Subgroup analyses were employed to examine potential influencing factors on the pooled SMD of NIBS for GPSs. Results: Our search yielded 35 randomized controlled trials involving 1715 individuals diagnosed with schizophrenia. The protocol of this systematic review was registered with INPLASY (protocol ID: INPLASY202320082). Neither repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) nor transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) demonstrated significant improvements in depressive symptoms compared to sham controls. NIBS exhibited a small-to-moderate effect size for GPSs, with a pooled SMD of –0.2956 (95% CI: –0.459 to –0.132) and a heterogeneity (I2) of 58.9% (95% CI: 41.5% to 71.1% p < 0.01) based on a random-effects model. Subgroup analyses of different types of NIBS, different frequencies of rTMS, and different stimulation sites of rTMS revealed no significant differences. Only sex had a significant influence on the effect size of NIBS for general psychopathology symptoms (p < 0.05). However, rTMS might be superior to tDCS, and high-frequency rTMS outperformed low-frequency rTMS in treating GPSs. Conclusions: We found a small-to-moderate effect size of NIBS in alleviating GPSs in patients with schizophrenia. Both rTMS and tDCS were more effective than sham stimulation in reducing GPSs in schizophrenia. The frequency used was associated with rTMS efficacy for GPSs.
Efficacy and safety of multiple external therapies in patients with insomnia: a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Background: The annual incidence of insomnia continues to increase owing to changes in lifestyle habits, increased work pressure, and increased environmental pollution. In recent years, an increasing number of external therapies have been proven effective in treating insomnia and have been widely used. However, the relative benefits and harms of external therapies remain uncertain, and an optimal treatment strategy has not yet been determined. Objectives: A network meta-analysis was performed to evaluate and compare the efficacy and safety of multiple external therapies for patients with insomnia. Methods: Eight electronic databases were comprehensively searched from their inception to June 2023 for relevant literature. We also searched the grey literature and reviewed the reference lists of related systematic reviews. Two independent reviewers performed the study selection, data extraction, and bias assessment of the included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) using the Cochrane Reviewers’ Handbook, and a network meta-analysis was conducted using Stata and RevMan software. Results: In total, 14,826 studies were identified. Of these, 83 studies, including 9 external therapies and 6,100 patients, were deemed eligible for the present network meta-analysis. Except for the SL outcome, each external therapy was better than conventional medicine and the sham intervention (SI) in improving sleep quality. In terms of improving the psychological state indices of insomnia patients, each external therapy was superior to the SI; each external therapy had a better effect on the regulation of monoamine neurotransmitters. Tuina may be the most effective intervention in improving the total effective rate, Pittsburgh sleep quality index score, and SL. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) perhaps resulted in the best improvement in total sleep time and awakening time (surface under the cumulative ranking curve [SUCRA] = 78.3 and 75.4%, respectively); and moxibustion (MB) and hyperbaric oxygen (HBO) were the most effective in reducing Self-rating Anxiety Scale and Self-rating Depression Scale scores. In terms of improving the monoamine neurotransmitters 5-hydroxytryptamine, norepinephrine, and dopamine, the best interventions were acupoint catgut embedding, electroacupuncture, and Tuina (SUCRA = 82.0, 69.9 and 90.3%, respectively). Safety results showed that the three safest interventions were the SI, Tuina, and foot bath. No serious adverse events were reported across the studies, and the most common minor adverse events included drowsiness, pain, excessive thirst, and hematoma. Conclusion: Both Tuina and rTMS have significant effects on improving sleep quality, but the safety of rTMS is low. Therefore, Tuina can be recommended as the first line of treatment to improve sleep quality. If a patient’s anxiety and depression symptoms are evident, MB or HBO can be selected for treatment based on the actual situation. External therapy to improve sleep quality may be related to the regulation of monoamine neurotransmitters, which may be a potential mechanism of action. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/display_record.php?RecordID=440882.
Efficacy of ketamine and thiopentone sodium with modified electroconvulsive therapy in depressive disorder: An observational study$$$ Background: The first-line treatment for people with acute mania, mood disorders, severe depression, and catatonia is electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The goal of anesthesia during ECT is to cause unconsciousness, and the drugs administered should not have any effect on seizures. Because all anesthetics have some ability to change seizures, the kind of anesthetic used in modified ECT becomes crucial. This study aimed to assess the hemodynamic profile during modified ECT and the effects of ketamine and thiopentone sodium on seizure duration. Aims and Objectives: The aim of the study was to compare the outcome of ECT, such as hemodynamics, improvement in depression, and duration of seizure, with ketamine versus thiopentone sodium in depressive disorder. Materials and Methods: A prospective observational study was conducted with 50 randomly selected depression patients after obtaining permission from the Institutional Ethics Committee and consent from the patients and attendants from June 2021 to November 2022. All 50 cases were equally divided into group K and group T. To obtain the data, a predesigned, semi-structured questionnaire was used along with the Hamilton rating scale for depression and ECT. The Chi-square test was used to measure the association between two categorical variables. A P < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The mean heart rate, systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, and saturation of peripheral oxygen are higher in group K than in group T, and the mean difference was significant between group K and group T. Groups had a statistically significant association with increased secretions, nausea and vomiting, and headache, but not with gender, ASA grade, and number of ECT sessions. Conclusion: Compared to ketamine, thiopentone sodium was found to have minimal hemodynamic derangements, a decrease in seizure duration, and side effects.
Case report: Tremor in the placebo condition of a blinded clinical trial of intermittent theta-burst stimulation for cocaine use disorder$$$ We report a case of a new-onset, persistent tremor that developed during a clinical trial (NCT02927236) of intermittent theta burst stimulation [iTBS, a form of repetitive magnetic transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)] for cocaine use disorder. Although the participant exhibited an exceptionally strong clinical response, subsequent unblinding revealed that they received sham iTBS. This case highlights the potential for strong functional neurological placebo responses in rTMS trials, and functional disorders might be a marker of a placebo response. Additionally, we note the possibility that the weak e-fields produced by some sham rTMS systems may induce clinically relevant effects.
Comparative effectiveness of non- pharmacological treatments in patients with persistent postural-perceptual dizziness: a systematic review and effect sizes analyses$$$ Introduction: The patho-psychological mechanisms of persistent postural-perceptual dizziness (PPPD) appear to be very complex, and a multimodal, multidisciplinary approach is suggested for treating patients with PPPD. The aim of this review was to provide a comprehensive overview of non-pharmacological treatments and their comparative effectiveness in patients with PPPD. Methods: Scopus, Web of Science, PsycINFO, Medline, Embase, CINAHL, Cochrane Library and ClinicalTrials.gov were searched in April 2022 with a search update in August 2023. Only randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. There was no restrictions regarding publication date. Two reviewers independently identified eligible trials, extracted data, double-checked all extracted information from the included articles and assessed the risk of bias using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. A qualitative synthesis was performed, considering methodological heterogeneity between trials. Finally, an effect size analysis was performed for each treatment comparison. The standardized mean differences (SMD) and their corresponding 95% confidence intervals (95%CI) were calculated for each trial using Review Manager 5.4. Results: Thirteen RCTs (618 patients with moderate or mild dizziness) out of 1,362 references describing seven different non-pharmacological comparisons were selected. Nine trials included patients with PPPD, and four trials included patients with functional dizziness. The trials used different interventions that were classified as: (1) psychotherapeutic interventions (cognitive behavioral therapy, patient education), (2) physiotherapeutic interventions/training (vestibular rehabilitation, optokinetic stimulation), (3) stimulation procedures (vagus nerve stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation) and (4) device application (visual desensitization using personalized glasses). However, most of the trials investigated the effects of single interventions, rather than multimodal interdisciplinary treatment of patients with PPPD. The SMD for dizziness handicap and severity was between 0.04 and 0.52 in most trials. In one trial using visual desensitization, the SMD was 1.09 (strong effect on the severity of dizziness) and 1.05 (strong effect on dizziness handicap). Discussion: Several individual interventions have shown benefits in the treatment of patients with PPPD with small to moderate effects. However, the multimodal treatment or a combination of vestibular rehabilitation with visual desensitization, cognitive behavioral therapy including patient education, and medication support should be further investigated. Future trials should include a large sample size with severe dizziness, and provide a longer follow-up period. Clinical trial registration: PROSPERO CRD42022320344.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of phantom limb pain: a systematic review$$$ Background Phantom limb pain (PLP) occurs after amputations and can persist in a chronic and debilitating way. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation method capable of influencing brain function and modulating cortical excitability. Its effectiveness in treating chronic pain is promising. Objective To evaluate the evidence on the efficacy and safety of using rTMS in the treatment of PLP, observing the stimulation parameters used, side effects, and benefits of the therapy. Methods This is a systematic review of scientific articles published in national and international literature using electronic platforms. Results Two hundred and fifty two articles were identified. Two hundred and forty six publications were removed because they were duplicated or met the exclusion criteria. After selection, six studies were reviewed, those being two randomized clinical trials and four case reports. All evaluated studies indicated some degree of benefit of rTMS to relieve painful symptoms, even temporarily. Pain perception was lower at the end of treatment when compared to the period prior to the sessions and remained during patient follow-up. There was no standardization of the stimulation parameters used. There were no reports of serious adverse events. The effects of long-term therapy have not been evaluated. Conclusion There are some benefits, even if temporary, in the use of rTMS to relieve painful symptoms in PLP. High-frequency stimulation at M1 demonstrated a significant analgesic effect. Given the potential that has been demonstrated, but limited by the paucity of high-quality studies, further controlled studies are needed to establish and standardize the clinical use of the method.
Overcoming treatment-resistant depression with machine-learning based tools: a study protocol combining EEG and clinical data to personalize glutamatergic and brain stimulation interventions (SelecTool Project)$$$ Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD) poses a substantial health and economic challenge, persisting as a major concern despite decades of extensive research into novel treatment modalities. The considerable heterogeneity in TRD’s clinical manifestations and neurobiological bases has complicated efforts toward effective interventions. Recognizing the need for precise biomarkers to guide treatment choices in TRD, herein we introduce the SelecTool Project. This initiative focuses on developing (WorkPlane 1/WP1) and conducting preliminary validation (WorkPlane 2/WP2) of a computational tool (SelecTool) that integrates clinical data, neurophysiological (EEG) and peripheral (blood sample) biomarkers through a machine-learning framework designed to optimize TRD treatment protocols. The SelecTool project aims to enhance clinical decision-making by enabling the selection of personalized interventions. It leverages multi-modal data analysis to navigate treatment choices towards two validated therapeutic options for TRD: esketamine nasal spray (ESK-NS) and accelerated repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (arTMS). In WP1, 100 subjects with TRD will be randomized to receive either ESK-NS or arTMS, with comprehensive evaluations encompassing neurophysiological (EEG), clinical (psychometric scales), and peripheral (blood samples) assessments both at baseline (T0) and one month post-treatment initiation (T1). WP2 will utilize the data collected in WP1 to train the SelecTool algorithm, followed by its application in a second, out-of-sample cohort of 20 TRD subjects, assigning treatments based on the tool’s recommendations. Ultimately, this research seeks to revolutionize the treatment of TRD by employing advanced machine learning strategies and thorough data analysis, aimed at unraveling the complex neurobiological landscape of depression. This effort is expected to provide pivotal insights that will promote the development of more effective and individually tailored treatment strategies, thus addressing a significant void in current TRD management and potentially reducing its profound societal and economic burdens.
H-coil repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation does not improve executive function in patients with chronic peripheral neuropathic pain: a randomized sham-controlled crossover study$$$ Introduction: Deep rTMS is an increasingly popular noninvasive brain stimulation technique which has shown promise for treating cognitive impairments. However, few studies have investigated the cognitive effects it could exert in patients with chronic peripheral neuropathic pain. Therefore, we aimed to assess the effects of deep rTMS on executive functioning in patients with peripheral neuropathic pain, in a randomized, double-blind crossover trial. Methods: In total, 17 patients were randomly assigned to receive both active and sham deep H-coil rTMS targeting the primary motor cortex. Each treatment period consisted of five daily rTMS sessions. Selected tests of executive functioning from the CANTAB test battery (paired associates learning, stop signal task, spatial working memory and multitasking test) were performed at baseline, and at 1 week and 3 weeks follow-ups. Results: We did not find any significant interactions between time and treatment for the measures of executive functioning for the patient group, or for patients with reduced cognition compared to normative means. Conclusion: High-frequency deep H-coil rTMS targeting the hand area of the primary motor cortex and delivered over 5 consecutive days did not improve executive functioning in patients with chronic peripheral neuropathic pain. Clinical trial registration: https://clinicaltrials.gov/, identifier NCT05488808.
Limitations associated with transcranial direct current stimulation for enhancement: considerations of performance tradeoffs in active-duty Soldiers$$$ Introduction: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation method, popular due to its low cost, ease-of-application, and portability. As such, it has gained traction in examining its potential for cognitive enhancement in a diverse range of populations, including active-duty military. However, current literature presents mixed results regarding its efficacy and limited evaluations of possible undesirable side-effects (such as degradation to cognitive processes). Methods: To further examine its potential for enhancing cognition, a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled, within-subjects design, was used to evaluate both online active-anodal and -cathodal on several cognitive tasks administered. Potential undesirable side effects related to mood, sleepiness, and cognitive performance, were also assessed. Active tDCS was applied for 30 min, using 2 mA, to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with an extracephalic reference placed on the contralateral arm of 27 (14 males) active-duty Soldiers. Results: We report mixed results. Specifically, we found improvements in sustained attention (active-anodal) for males in reaction time (p = 0.024, ηp2 = 0.16) and for sensitivity index in females (p = 0.013, ηp2 = 0.18). In addition, we found faster reaction time (p = 0.034, ηp2 = 0.15) and increased accuracy (p = 0.029, ηp2 = 0.16) associated with executive function (active-anodal and -cathodal), and worsened working memory performance (active-cathodal; p = 0.008, ηp2 = 0.18). Additionally, we found increased risk-taking with active-anodal (p = 0.001, ηp2 = 0.33). Discussion: tDCS may hold promise as a method for cognitive enhancement, as evidenced by our findings related to sustained attention and executive function. However, we caution that further study is required to better understand additional parameters and limitations that may explain results, as our study only focused on anode vs. cathode stimulation. Risk-taking was examined secondary to our main interests which warrants further experimental investigation isolating potential tradeoffs that may be associated with tDCS simulation.
Empowering understanding: navigating consent to ketamine treatment in adolescent mental health$$$ The rising prevalence of mental health disorders in adolescents, compounded by treatment resistance, underscores the need for innovative interventions. Ketamine, recognized for its rapid antidepressant and anti-suicidal effects in adults, has recently emerged as a potential treatment for adolescents with treatment-resistant depression and suicidality. This paper aims to highlight key elements of the informed consent process, including obtaining parental consent and adolescent assent, and discussing the nature of ketamine treatment, its benefits, and potential risks. Obtaining informed consent for ketamine treatment in this demographic poses unique challenges. During the informed consent process, clinicians should balance an adolescent’s growing autonomy with parental consent and address the distinct features of treatment, including ketamine’s potential to induce psychedelic-like effects. Additionally, clinicians should highlight the “off-label” use in this population and the uncertainty inherent to treatment at this time, including the lack of data on repeated ketamine exposure on the developing brain. This paper also addresses challenging scenarios related to informed consent for this treatment, such as instances when parents are willing to consent but the adolescent refuses. Alternative treatment strategies such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are also considered. In conclusion, while an emerging body of evidence suggests that ketamine shows potential for the acute treatment of adolescents with severe depression and suicidality, adherence to informed consent principles is paramount to ensure best clinical practices and uphold ethical standards amidst the current landscape of ongoing research.
Dual stimulation with iTBS-cTBS treatment in postpartum obsessive-compulsive disorder: a case report$$$ Aim of the Study: This study aimed to present a case of intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) and continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) dual stimulation for the treatment of postpartum obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). The objective was to provide a referenceable therapy in cases where medication and psychotherapy treatment are not preferred or contraindicated. This case further emphasized the importance of non-invasive neuromodulation techniques in improving the condition of postpartum OCD patients. Materials and Methods: A 32-year-old female was diagnosed with OCD 2 months after delivery. The patient refused to take medication and psychotherapy due to concerns that it would interfere with the infant’s breastfeeding. Subsequently, a 2-week combined iTBS and cTBS treatment was carried out. The patient’s obsessive-compulsive symptoms, anxiety, and depression improved. There were no significant adverse effects during the treatment, and the treatment effect remained 2 weeks after the end of the treatment. Conclusion: This clinical case provides evidence that the combined iTBS and cTBS treatment can potentially effectively alleviate obsessive-compulsive symptoms in the short term. Notably, this therapeutic approach may offer a promising solution for postpartum OCD patients, as it addresses practical concerns such as medication safety for breastfeeding mothers and the specific needs of this population. To further establish the efficacy of this combined therapy, future randomized controlled trials with large samples and long-term follow-up are warranted to validate its therapeutic potential.
Application of Transcranial Direct and Alternating Current Stimulation (tDCS and tACS) on Major Depressive Disorder$$$ The exploration of brain stimulation methods offers a promising avenue to overcome the shortcomings of traditional drug therapies and psychological treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD). Over the past years, there has been an increasing focus on transcranial electrical stimulation (tES), notably for its ease of use and potentially fewer side effects. This chapter delves into the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS), which are key components of tES, in managing depression. It begins by introducing tDCS and tACS, summarizing their action mechanisms. Following this introduction, the chapter provides an in-depth analysis of existing meta-analyses, systematic reviews, clinical studies, and case reports that have applied tES in MDD treatment. It also considers the role of tES in personalized medicine by looking at specific patient groups and evaluating research on possible biomarkers that could predict how patients with MDD respond to tES therapy.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in Major Depression$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a psychiatric disorder with several effective therapeutic approaches, being antidepressants and psychotherapies the first-line treatments. Nonetheless, due to side effects, limited efficacy, and contraindications for these treatments, alternative treatment options are required. Neurostimulation is a non-pharmacological and non-psychotherapeutic approach that has been under study for diverse neuropsychiatric conditions in the form of electrical or magnetic stimulation of the brain. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a neurostimulation method designed to generate magnetic fields and deliver magnetic pulses to stimulate the brain cortex. The magnetic pulses produce electrical currents in the brain which are not intense enough to provoke seizures, differentiating this method from other forms of neurostimulation that produce seizures. Although the exact rTMS mechanisms of action are not completely understood, rTMS seems to cause its beneficial effects through changes in neuroplasticity. Devices and protocols for rTMS are still evolving, becoming more efficient over time. There are still some challenges to be addressed, including further refinement of parameters (coil/device type, location, intensity, frequency, number of sessions, and duration of treatment); treatment cost and burden for patients; and treatment resistance. However, the efficacy, tolerability, and safety of some rTMS protocols have been demonstrated in different double-blind sham-controlled randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses for treatment-resistant depression.
Efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in anejaculation: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Anejaculation represents significant psychological distress and sexual and reproductive challenges among male individuals and couples. Effective fertility management options are available to address the reproductive challenges associated with anejaculation. However, there is a lack of methods to reverse the condition itself. Objectives: This study aims to assess the effectiveness and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients suffering from anejaculation. Methods: A total of 94 patients with anejaculation individuals were randomly assigned to receive high-frequency (HF) stimulation on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), low-frequency (LF) stimulation on the right DLPFC, and sham stimulation for 4 weeks, with daily sessions of stimulation occurring on five consecutive weekdays each week. Results: After 4 weeks of rTMS treatment, the patients in both the HF and LF groups exhibited a similar reduction in their male sexual health questionnaire for ejaculatory dysfunction bother/satisfaction score, Hamilton Anxiety Scale score, Hamilton Depression Scale score, and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Inventory score, which were statistically significant compared with sham treatment. Additionally, there were no significant differences observed in erectile function and cognitive function across the three groups. However, there were notable disparities in the cure rates between HF- and LF-group patients (16.1% vs. 54.8%, p = 0.001). Additionally, it is worth noting that only two HF group patients and one LF group patient experienced spontaneously resolving minor adverse effects during the treatment process. At the 8-week follow-up, among patients who initially responded to the treatment, only one from the HF group experienced a relapse. Discussion and conclusion: The findings of this study demonstrate that rTMS represents a secure and efficacious remedy for anejaculation patients.
Brain state-dependent repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for motor stroke rehabilitation: a proof of concept randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: In healthy subjects, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the primary motor cortex (M1) demonstrated plasticity effects contingent on electroencephalography (EEG)-derived excitability states, defined by the phase of the ongoing sensorimotor μ-oscillation. The therapeutic potential of brain state-dependent rTMS in the rehabilitation of upper limb motor impairment post-stroke remains unexplored. Objective: Proof-of-concept trial to assess the efficacy of rTMS, synchronized to the sensorimotor μ-oscillation, in improving motor impairment and reducing upper-limb spasticity in stroke patients. Methods: We conducted a parallel group, randomized double-blind controlled trial in 30 chronic stroke patients (clinical trial registration number: NCT05005780). The experimental intervention group received EEG-triggered rTMS of the ipsilesional M1 [1,200 pulses; 0.33 Hz; 100% of the resting motor threshold (RMT)], while the control group received low-frequency rTMS of the contralesional motor cortex (1,200 pulses; 1 Hz, 115% RMT), i.e., an established treatment protocol. Both groups received 12 rTMS sessions (20 min, 3× per week, 4 weeks) followed by 50 min of physiotherapy. The primary outcome measure was the change in upper-extremity Fugl-Meyer assessment (FMA-UE) scores between baseline, immediately post-treatment and 3 months’ follow-up. Results: Both groups showed significant improvement in the primary outcome measure (FMA-UE) and the secondary outcome measures. This included the reduction in spasticity, measured objectively using the hand-held dynamometer, and enhanced motor function as measured by the Wolf Motor Function Test (WMFT). There were no significant differences between the groups in any of the outcome measures. Conclusion: The application of brain state-dependent rTMS for rehabilitation in chronic stroke patients is feasible. This pilot study demonstrated that the brain oscillation-synchronized rTMS protocol produced beneficial effects on motor impairment, motor function and spasticity that were comparable to those observed with an established therapeutic rTMS protocol. Clinical Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier [NCT05005780].
Target engagement of the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex with transcranial temporal interference stimulation in major depressive disorder: a protocol for a randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Transcranial temporal interference stimulation (tTIS) is a new, emerging neurostimulation technology that utilizes two or more electric fields at specific frequencies to modulate the oscillations of neurons at a desired spatial location in the brain. The physics of tTIS offers the advantage of modulating deep brain structures in a non-invasive fashion and with minimal stimulation of the overlying cortex outside of a selected target. As such, tTIS can be effectively employed in the context of therapeutics for the psychiatric disease of disrupted brain connectivity, such as major depressive disorder (MDD). The subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC), a key brain center that regulates human emotions and influences negative emotional states, is a plausible target for tTIS in MDD based on reports of its successful neuromodulation with invasive deep brain stimulation. Methods: This pilot, single-site, double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled interventional clinical trial will be conducted at St. Michael’s Hospital – Unity Health Toronto in Toronto, ON, Canada. The primary objective is to demonstrate target engagement of the sgACC with 130 Hz tTIS using resting-state magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) techniques. The secondary objective is to estimate the therapeutic potential of tTIS for MDD by evaluating the change in clinical characteristics of participants and electrophysiological outcomes and providing feasibility and tolerability estimates for a large-scale efficacy trial. Thirty participants (18–65 years) with unipolar, non-psychotic MDD will be recruited and randomized to receive 10 sessions of 130 Hz tTIS or sham stimulation (n = 15 per arm). The trial includes a pre- vs. post-treatment 3T MRI scan of the brain, clinical evaluation, and electroencephalography (EEG) acquisition at rest and during the auditory mismatch negativity (MMN) paradigm. Discussion: This study is one of the first-ever clinical trials among patients with psychiatric disorders examining the therapeutic potential of repetitive tTIS and its neurobiological mechanisms. Data obtained from this trial will be used to optimize the tTIS approach and design a large-scale efficacy trial. Research in this area has the potential to provide a novel treatment option for individuals with MDD and circuitry-related disorders and may contribute to the process of obtaining regulatory approval for therapeutic applications of tTIS. Clinical Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT05295888.
An overview of systematic reviews of acupuncture for Parkinson’s disease$$$ Background: Many systematic reviews (SRs) have reported the efficacy of acupuncture in improving Parkinson’s disease (PD), but the quality of evidence is unknown. Therefore, it is necessary to comprehensively summarize and objectively evaluate the evidence of acupuncture for PD. Methods: Seven databases were searched to retrieve SRs on the acupuncture for PD. Two reviewers independently completed literature retrieval, screening, and data extraction. The methodological quality, risk of bias (RoB), evidence quality of the included SRs were assessed by the Assessing the Methodological Quality of Systematic Reviews 2 (AMSTAR 2), the Risk of Bias in Systematic Reviews (ROBIS), the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) tool. Results: A total of 24 SRs were included. According to AMSTAR 2, 6 (25%) were rated as high quality, 6 (25%) were rated as moderate quality, and 12 (50%) were rated as very low quality. The application of the ROBIS tool showed that 12 (25%) SRs were at low risk of bias. The results of GRADE showed that 8 (7.62%) outcomes provided high quality evidence, 23 (21.9%) outcomes provided moderate quality evidence, 42 (40%) outcomes provided low quality evidence, and 32 (30.48%) outcomes provided very low quality evidence. Conclusion: The overview indicates that acupuncture shows promise as a treatment for PD, although the evidence is limited and inconclusive due to methodological flaws and the heterogeneity of existing studies. Future research should focus on fully reporting methodological details and following review guidelines to produce more reliable and consistent evidence on the effectiveness of acupuncture for PD. Systematic review registration: https://inplasy.com, identifier INPLASY202480049.
The Effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) and Omega-3 on Food Craving, Executive Functions, Weight, and Depressive Symptoms in Patients with Depression and Overweight: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective: The most important hypothesis of this research was based on the fact that the mechanism of the effect of omega-3 on depression and obesity is formed through its accumulation in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), especially in women. Accordingly, we investigated the omega-3 intake and the concurrent stimulation of the DLPFC by tDCS and hypothesized that the synergy of these two treatments can increase the obtained effect size in patients with depression and overweight. Method: This research was a double-blind randomized controlled trial (RCT) with a factorial design consisting of four treatment and control groups. The participants were females with depression and overweight on an outpatient basis. They received 5 ml/day omega-3 syrup (545 mg DHA, 620 mg EPA) or placebo adjunct with 12 sessions sham/tDCS stimulation administered for 3 weeks with anode-left/cathode-right protocol in the prefrontal cortex (1.5 mA, 15 minutes’ stimulation / 15-20 minutes’ rest intervals/one visit per week, 4 stimulations per visit). Results: tDCS or omega-3 alone did not significantly improve the executive functions, depression, food cravings, and weight in the experimental groups compared to the control group (P > 0.05). However, tDCS adjunct with the omega-3 had a significant and positive effect on improving weight change (P = 0.011; df = 1; F = 1.27; Eta = 0.108) with a power of 0.73 compared to the control group. Furthermore, their interaction led to an improving trend in executive functions and a decreasing trend in food cravings which are clinically important. Conclusion: tDCS could strengthen the omega-3 mechanisms of effect through stimulating its accumulation site in the brain (i.e., the DLPFC) and the synergistic effects of these two treatments result in weight control as well as an improvement trend in the executive functions and food craving in women.
Is non-invasive neuromodulation a viable technique to improve neuroplasticity in individuals with acquired brain injury? A review$$$ Objective: This study aimed to explore and evaluate the efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) as a standalone or coupled intervention and understand its mechanisms to produce positive alterations in neuroplasticity and behavioral outcomes after acquired brain injury (ABI). Data sources: Cochrane Library, Web of Science, PubMed, and Google Scholar databases were searched from January 2013 to January 2024. Study selection: Using the PICO framework, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) randomized controlled trials (RCTs), retrospective, pilot, open-label, and observational large group and single-participant case studies were included. Two authors reviewed articles according to pre-established inclusion criteria. Data extraction: Data related to participant and intervention characteristics, mechanisms of change, methods, and outcomes were extracted by two authors. The two authors performed quality assessments using SORT. Results: Twenty-two studies involving 657 participants diagnosed with ABIs were included. Two studies reported that NIBS was ineffective in producing positive alterations or behavioral outcomes. Twenty studies reported at least one, or a combination of, positively altered neuroplasticity and improved neuropsychological, neuropsychiatric, motor, or somatic symptoms. Twenty-eight current articles between 2020 and 2024 have been studied to elucidate potential mechanisms of change related to NIBS and other mediating or confounding variables. Discussion: tDCS and TMS may be efficacious as standalone interventions or coupled with neurorehabilitation therapies to positively alter maladaptive brain physiology and improve behavioral symptomology resulting from ABI. Based on postintervention and follow-up results, evidence suggests NIBS may offer a direct or mediatory contribution to improving behavioral outcomes post-ABI. Conclusion: More research is needed to better understand the extent of rTMS and tDCS application in affecting changes in symptoms after ABI.
Effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation add-on to dialectical behavioral therapy in borderline personality disorder: results of a randomized, sham-controlled pilot trial$$$ Dialectical behavioral therapy (DBT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) are both effective in borderline personality disorder (BPD). We hypothesized that intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS), a modified rTMS protocol that provides unilateral stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, would enhance the effects of DBT and reduce BPD-specific symptoms more than sham stimulation. We performed a single-blind, randomized, sham-controlled pilot study to evaluate iTBS as an add-on to 8-week DBT for BPD in routine inpatient treatment. A total of 53 BPD patients were randomly assigned to either iTBS (n = 25) or sham stimulation (n = 28) in weeks 4–8 of DBT; 40 patients were eligible for inclusion in the analyses according to pre-specified criteria (≥ 16 of 20 iTBS sessions). The primary endpoint was change on the 23-item Borderline Symptom List; secondary endpoints were changes in depressive symptoms and general level of functioning. A mixed model repeated measures analysis with a 2 × 2 factorial between-subjects design showed no significant effect of add-on iTBS treatment, but a distinct trend was observed in favor of iTBS (Cohen’s d = 0.23 for group difference). We found a main effect of DBT with and without iTBS over time, indicating efficacy of 8 weeks’ DBT (d = 0.89–1.12). iTBS may be beneficial as an add-on to DBT in the long term and warrants further evaluation in larger studies. Trial registration Registered at drks.de (no. DRKS00020413) on January 13, 2020.
Cognitive potency and safety of tDCS treatment for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: The benefits of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for patients with major depression disorders are well-established, however, there is a notable research gap concerning its comprehensive effects on both depressive symptoms and cognitive functions. Existing research is inconclusive regarding the cognitive enhancement effects of tDCS specifically in MDD patients. The present study aims to fill this knowledge gap by scrutinizing the most updated evidence on the effectiveness of tDCS in anti-depressive treatment and its influence on cognitive function. Methods: A systematic review was performed from the first date available in PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and additional sources published in English from 1 January 2001 to 31 May 2023. We examined cognitive outcomes from randomized, sham-controlled trials of tDCS treatment for major depression. The evaluation process strictly followed the Cochrane bias risk assessment tool into the literature, and meta-analysis was performed according to the Cochrane System Reviewer's Manual. Results: In this quantitative synthesis, we incorporated data from a total of 371 patients across 12 studies. Results showed significant benefits following active tDCS compared to sham for the antidepressant effect [SMD: −0.77 (−1.44, −0.11)]. Furthermore, active relative to sham tDCS treatment was associated with increased performance gains on a measure of verbal memory [SMD: 0.30 (−0.02, 0.62)]. These results did not indicate any cognitive enhancement after active tDCS relative to sham for global cognitive function, whereas there was a noticeable trend toward statistical significance specifically in the effect of verbal memory. Conclusions: Our study offers crucial evidence-based medical support for tDCS in antidepressant and dimension-specific cognitive benefits. Further well-designed, large-scale randomized sham-controlled trials are warranted to further validate these findings. Systematic Review Registration: https://inplasy.com/, identifier: INPLASY202360008.
The Application of tDCS to Treat Pain and Psychocognitive Symptoms in Cancer Patients: A Scoping Review$$$ Background. The use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to modulate pain, psychological aspects, and cognitive functions has increased in recent years. The present scoping review aims to investigate the use of tDCS in cancer patients and its significant impact on psychocognitive and pain related symptoms. Methods. From the earliest available date to June 2023, a comprehensive search was conducted in three electronic scientific databases - PubMed, Scopus, and Embase - and other supplementary sources. Ten relevant studies were identified and included, comprising single case studies, randomized controlled trials, pilot studies, and one retrospective study. PRISMA guidelines for scoping reviews were followed. Results. These studies investigated the use of tDCS to improve pain and psychocognitive aspects in patients with various types of cancer, including breast, oral, bladder, lung, pancreatic, head and neck cancer, hepatocellular carcinoma, and meningioma. Overall, the results suggest that tDCS has shown efficacy in relieving pain, reducing anxiety and depression, and improving cognitive function in cancer patients. Conclusion. Due to the limited number and high heterogeneity of the existing literature in this field, more investigation and the establishment of standardized protocols would be required to obtain more conclusive evidence.
Magnetic Seizure Therapy vs Modified Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients With Bipolar Mania A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ IMPORTANCE Bipolar mania is a common disabling illness. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for patients with severe mania, though it is limited by the risk of cognitive adverse effects. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) as an alternative treatment to ECT for bipolar mania has not yet been reported. OBJECTIVE To compare the effectiveness and cognitive adverse effects of MST and ECT in bipolar mania. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS This randomized clinical trial was conducted at the Shanghai Mental Health Center from July 1, 2017, through April 26, 2021. Forty-eight patients with bipolar mania were recruited and randomly allocated to receive MST or ECT. The data analysis was performed from June 5, 2021, through August 30, 2023. INTERVENTIONS Patients completed 2 or 3 sessions of MST or ECT per week for a total of 8 to 10 sessions. The MST was delivered at 100% device output with a frequency of 75 Hz over the vertex. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES The primary outcomes were reduction of total Young Manic Rating Scale (YMRS) score and response rate (more than 50% reduction of the total YMRS score compared with baseline). An intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis and repeated-measures analyses of variance were conducted for the primary outcomes. RESULTS Twenty patients in the ECT group (mean [SD] age, 31.6 [8.6] years; 12 male [60.0%]) and 22 patients in the MST group (mean [SD] age, 34.8 [9.8] years; 15 male [68.2%]) were included in the ITT analysis. The response rates were 95.0% (95% CI, 85.4%-100%) in the ECT group and 86.4% (95% CI, 72.1%-100%) in the MST group. The YMRS reduction rate (z = −0.82; 95% CI, −0.05 to 0.10; P = .41) and response rate (χ2 = 0.18; 95% CI, −0.13 to 0.31; P = .67) were not significantly different between the groups. The time-by-group interaction was significant for the language domain (F1,24 = 7.17; P = .01), which was well preserved in patients receiving MST but worsened in patients receiving ECT. No serious adverse effects were reported in either group. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE These findings suggest that MST is associated with a high response rate and fewer cognitive impairments in bipolar mania and that it might be an alternative therapy for the treatment of bipolar mania.
Single Session Effects of Prolonged Continuous Theta Burst Stimulation Targeting Two Brain Regions on Pain Perception in Patients with Painful Diabetic Neuropathy: A Preliminary Study$$$ Background: Painful diabetic neuropathy (pDN) is the most common cause of neuropathic pain (NP) in the United States. Prolonged continuous theta burst stimulation (pcTBS), a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), is quick (1–4 minutes) and tolerable for most individuals, compared to high frequency rTMS and can modulate pain thresholds in healthy participants. However, its effects on patients with chronic pain are still unclear. The primary purpose of this preliminary study is to investigate the effects of single session pcTBS targeted at the primary motor cortex (M1) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on a set of self-report measures of pain (SRMP) that assess the (a) sensory-discriminative (b) affective-motivational and (c) cognitive-evaluative aspects of pain experience. Methods: For this prospective, single-blind study, forty-two participants with pDN were randomized to receive either pcTBS targeting the M1 or the DLPFC brain regions. SRMP were completed at baseline, post pcTBS and 24h-post pcTBS. A two-way mixed model repeated measures analysis of variance (2 brain regions by 3 time points) was conducted to evaluate the effects of pcTBS stimulation at M1 and DLPFC for each subscale of each SRMP. Results: After a single session of pcTBS targeted at M1 or DLPFC in patients with pDN, statistically significant improvements from baseline to post pcTBS and baseline to 24 h-post pcTBS were observed for different SRMP subscales examining the (a) sensory-discriminative, (b) affective-motivational and (c) cognitive-evaluative components of the pain experience. At 24 h-post pcTBS, none of the participants reported any serious adverse events to the pcTBS treatment, thus demonstrating its feasibility. Conclusions: In pDN patients with NP, our study results demonstrated significant improvement in scores on self-report measures of pain (SRMP) after a single session of pcTBS targeting the M1 and DLPFC brain regions. Future studies should consider utilizing multiple sessions of pcTBS to evaluate its long-term effects on pain perception, safety and tolerability in patients with chronic pain. Clinical Trial Registration: This study was registered on the ClinicalTrials.gov website (NCT04988321).
Role of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Treatment of Fibromyalgia: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background and Objective: Fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) is a chronic disease characterized by widespread, persistent musculoskeletal pain in association with impaired health-related quality of life. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging tool for the management of fibromyalgia. There is no standardized protocol of rTMS for the treatment of FMS, and both low- and high-frequency stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) are described in the literature with variable efficacy. The objective of this study was to determine the effectiveness of rTMS in people with fibromyalgia and compare the response of low- and high-frequency stimulation with sham stimulation. Materials and Methods: This study was a single-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial. Ninety patients with the diagnosis of FMS were randomly allocated into one of the following three groups: low-frequency (1 Hz) group, high-frequency (10 Hz) group, and sham group. Pain, depression, anxiety, and quality of life were measured using the Numerical Pain Rating Scale (NPRS), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), and Revised Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQR) immediately following treatment as well as at 1 and 3 months after treatment. The data was statistically analyzed using Statistical Package for the Social Sciences version 23 software. P value < 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: Intergroup analysis revealed a significant improvement in NPRS, HAM-A, HDRS, and FIQR scores in both low- and high- frequency groups immediately following treatment and for 3 months after treatment. No significant difference in the efficacy of low- and high-frequency stimulation was noticed. Conclusions: rTMS is an effective mode of treatment in people with FMS. Both low and high frequencies of stimulation at DLPFC are equally effective in reducing pain and associated symptoms.
Fundamentals of deep brain stimulation for Parkinson’s disease in clinical practice: part 1$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is recognized as an established therapy for Parkinson’s disease (PD) and other movement disorders in the light of the developments seen over the past three decades. Long-term efficacy is established for PD with documented improvement in the cardinal motor symptoms of PD and levodopa-induced complications, such as motor fluctuations and dyskinesias. Timing of patient selection is crucial to obtain optimal benefits from DBS therapy, before PD complications become irreversible. The objective of this first part review is to examine the fundamental concepts of DBS for PD in clinical practice, discussing the historical aspects, patient selection, potential effects of DBS on motor and non-motor symptoms, and the practical management of patients after surgery.
Real-World Case Series of Maintenance Theta Burst Stimulation Therapy Following Response to Acute Theta Burst Stimulation Therapy for Difficult-to-Treat Depression$$$ Objective: Treatment and management for difficult-to-treat depression are challenging, especially in a subset of patients who are at high risk for relapse and recurrence. The conditions that represent this subset are recurrent depressive disorder (RDD) and bipolar disorder (BD). In this context, we aimed to examine the effectiveness of maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) on a real-world clinical basis by retrospectively extracting data from the TMS registry data in Tokyo, Japan. Methods: Data on patients diagnosed with treatment-resistant RDD and BD who received maintenance intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) weekly after successful treatment with acute iTBS between March, 2020 and October, 2023 were extracted from the registry. Results: All patients (21 cases: 10 cases with RDD and 11 cases with BD) could sustain response and 19 of them further maintained remission. In this study, maintenance iTBS did not exacerbate depressive symptoms in any of the cases, but may rather have the effect of stabilizing the mental condition and preventing recurrence. Conclusion: This case series is of great clinical significance because it is the first study to report on the effectiveness of maintenance iTBS for RDD and BD, with a follow-up of more than 2 years. Further validation with a randomized controlled trial design with a larger sample size is warranted.
Enhancing Agency in Individuals with Depressive Symptoms: The Roles of Effort, Outcome Valence, and Its Underlying Cognitive Mechanisms and Neural Basis$$$ Background. Agency, a sense of control over one's actions and outcomes, is crucial for recovery from depressive symptoms. However, the mechanisms that enhance agency in individuals with depressive symptoms remain poorly understood. This study endeavors to elucidate these fundamental processes. Materials and Methods. We recruited 52 participants exhibiting depressive symptoms to participate in a novel Judgment of Agency (JoA) task. This task was structured with a 3 (effort: high load, medium load, low load) × 2 (outcome: win, miss) within-subject design to assess the impact of effort and outcome valence on agency. Throughout the task, we utilized functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) to explore the neural mechanisms underlying agency. Furthermore, we conducted a randomized, sham-controlled, pre-post-test trial involving intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) targeted at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) to investigate its potential to enhance agency. Participants were randomly allocated to either an active iTBS group or a sham group, with each receiving a single session of stimulation (600 pulses). The JoA task was conducted both before and after the stimulation. Results. Effort significantly influenced agency in individuals with depressive symptoms, with this effect being moderated by the outcomes' valences. Agency was positively correlated with self-efficacy (r = 0.28, P<0.05) when goals were achieved with effort, and with anxiety severity (r = 0.29, P<0.05) when goals were not achieved. Additionally, it was associated with the activation of several frontal brain regions (all P values < 0.01), including the left DLPFC, right premotor and supplementary motor areas, and the left inferior frontal gyrus (IFG). Application of iTBS over the left DLPFC significantly enhanced self-attributed agency, particularly when the outcomes were achieved under conditions of low-load effort. Conclusions. Our study highlights the critical role of effort in enhancing agency for individuals with depressive symptoms, with iTBS applied to the left DLPFC showing potential to enhance agency postgoal achievement. Moreover, the activation of the left IFG and the presence of anxiety are associated with maladaptive self-attributed agency, offering potential targets for therapeutic intervention.
Critically Assessing the Unanswered Questions of How, Where, and When to Induce Plasticity in the Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Network With Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Extinction of traumatic memory, a primary treatment approach (termed exposure therapy) in posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), occurs through relearning and may be subserved at the molecular level by long-term potentiation of relevant circuits. In parallel, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is thought to work through long-term potentiation–like mechanisms and may provide a novel, safe, and effective treatment for PTSD. In a recent failed randomized controlled trial we emphasized the necessity of correctly identifying cortical targets, the directionality of TMS protocols, and the role of memory activation. Here, we provide a systematic review of TMS for PTSD to further identify how, where, and when TMS treatment should be delivered to alleviate PTSD symptoms. We conducted a systematic review of the literature by searching for repetitive TMS clinical trials involving patients with PTSD and outcomes. We searched MEDLINE through October 25, 2023, for “TMS and PTSD” and “transcranial magnetic stimulation and posttraumatic stress disorder.” Thirty-one publications met our inclusion criteria (k = 17 randomized controlled trials, k = 14 open label). Randomized controlled trial protocols were varied in terms of TMS protocols, cortical TMS targets, and memory activation protocols. There was no clear superiority of low-frequency (k = 5) versus high-frequency (k = 6) protocols or by stimulation location. Memory provocation or exposure protocols (k = 7) appear to enhance response. Overall, TMS appears to be effective in treating PTSD symptoms across a variety of TMS frequencies, hemispheric target differences, and exposure protocols. Disparate protocols may be conceptually harmonized when viewed as potentiating proposed anxiolytic networks or suppressing anxiogenic networks.
Ketamine vs Electroconvulsive Therapy for Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: The ELEKT-D: Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) vs Ketamine in Patients With Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD) (ELEKT-D) trial demonstrated noninferiority of intravenous ketamine vs ECT for nonpsychotic TRD. Clinical features that can guide selection of ketamine vs ECT may inform shared decision-making for patients with TRD. Objective: To evaluate whether selected clinical features were associated with differential improvement with ketamine vs ECT. Design, Setting, and Participants: This secondary analysis of an open-label noninferiority randomized clinical trial was a multicenter study conducted at 5 US academic medical centers from April 7, 2017, to November 11, 2022. Analyses for this study, which were not prespecified in the trial protocol, were conducted from May 10 to Oct 31, 2023. The study cohort included patients with TRD, aged 21 to 75 years, who were in a current nonpsychotic depressive episode of at least moderate severity and were referred for ECT by their clinicians. Exposures: Eligible participants were randomized 1:1 to receive either 6 infusions of ketamine or 9 treatments with ECT over 3 weeks. Main Outcomes and Measures: Association between baseline factors (including 16-item Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology Self-Report [QIDS-SR16], Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale [MADRS], premorbid intelligence, cognitive function, history of attempted suicide, and inpatient vs outpatient status) and treatment response were assessed with repeated measures mixed-effects model analyses. Results: Among the 365 participants included in this study (mean [SD] age, 46.0 [14.5] years; 191 [52.3%] female), 195 were randomized to the ketamine group and 170 to the ECT group. In repeated measures mixed-effects models using depression levels over 3 weeks and after false discovery rate adjustment, participants with a baseline QIDS-SR16 score of 20 or less (-7.7 vs -5.6 points) and those starting treatment as outpatients (-8.4 vs -6.2 points) reported greater reduction in the QIDS-SR16 with ketamine vs ECT. Conversely, those with a baseline QIDS-SR16 score of more than 20 (ie, very severe depression) and starting treatment as inpatients reported greater reduction in the QIDS-SR16 earlier in course of treatment (-8.4 vs -6.7 points) with ECT, but scores were similar in both groups at the end-of-treatment visit (-9.0 vs -9.9 points). In the ECT group only, participants with higher scores on measures of premorbid intelligence (-14.0 vs -11.2 points) and with a comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder diagnosis (-16.6 vs -12.0 points) reported greater reduction in the MADRS score. Those with impaired memory recall had greater reduction in MADRS during the second week of treatment (-13.4 vs -9.6 points), but the levels of MADRS were similar to those with unimpaired recall at the end-of-treatment visit (-14.3 vs -12.2 points). Other results were not significant after false discovery rate adjustment. Conclusions and Relevance: In this secondary analysis of the ELEKT-D randomized clinical trial of ECT vs ketamine, greater improvement in depression was observed with intravenous ketamine among outpatients with nonpsychotic TRD who had moderately severe or severe depression, suggesting that these patients may consider ketamine over ECT for TRD.
A RANDOMISED COMPARATIVE STUDY OF ESMOLOL AND LABETALOL IN ATTENUATING HAEMODYNAMIC RESPONSES AFTER MODIFIED ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY$$$ Background: Modified Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is used to treat acute depression and chronic depression resistant to pharmacological therapy under general anaesthesia. Many drugs are used by various routes in attenuating the physiological haemodynamic responses during ECT. This study was done to compare the effects of Esmolol and Labetalol in the attenuation of haemodynamic responses after ECT. Materials and Methods: 90 patients aged 18-60 years were randomly divided into three groups. Baseline parameters were recorded. Group C received 5 ml of normal saline (Control/placebo), group E received 1mg/kg Esmolol, and group L received 0.25mg/kg Labetalol after induction. Heart rate (HR), systolic BP (SBP), and diastolic BP (DBP) were recorded at 1 minute after the above test drugs administration and 1,3,5 and 10 minutes after modified ECT. Hypertension and tachycardia occurred due to sympathetic nervous system activation even after modified ECT which required attenuation for the smooth conduct and post-procedural recovery of the patients included in the study. Result: It was found that Esmolol significantly attenuated the degree of tachycardia and hypertension in the first three minutes compared to the placebo whereas the rise in heart rate was attenuated from 5 to 10 minutes and blood pressure was attenuated from 3 to 10 minutes in the Labetalol group in comparison to placebo after the initiation of modified ECT. Conclusion: It was concluded that Esmolol was effective in blunting the hemodynamic responses in the first three minutes, whereas Labetalol was effective from three to ten minutes after the initiation of modified ECT.
The Role of Electroconvulsive Therapy in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Systematic Review$$$ Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is associated with a high burden of disability and mortality. Despite standard treatments with antidepressants and/or psychotherapy, remission is often difficult to achieve. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for mood disorders but is currently not recognized as a treatment modality for PTSD. The literature about its potential role in the management of PTSD is growing. Thus, we aim to systematically review the available evidence for the role of ECT in PTSD. Adhering to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses 2020 guidelines, we performed a systematic literature search from 1958 to December 2023 using PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled trials databases, and the Clinicaltrials.gov-registry. Eighteen studies met our inclusion criteria: 1 meta-analysis, 2 randomized control trials, 2 prospective, 4 retrospective studies, 8 case reports, and 2 reviews. Accumulating evidence suggests that ECT might have a beneficial effect on the core symptoms of PTSD with comorbid conditions, such as depression or schizophrenia. Although in some studies, the effect on core PTSD symptoms was not related to an antidepressant effect of ECT, these findings need further replication. Nevertheless, in severe and intractable cases, ECT can be considered, especially in the presence of comorbid depression. Further research in patients without comorbidity is warranted.
Maintenance Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder: A Meta-analysis$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective therapy for acute treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). However, the efficacy and optimal strategy of delivering maintenance rTMS beyond acute treatment remains unclear. This meta-analysis aims to quantify the treatment effect of maintenance rTMS therapy in MDD and compares the difference in treatment effect between the fixed and rescue maintenance rTMS protocols. We conducted a meta-analysis of 14 studies (N = 705) comparing depression rating scores before and after maintenance rTMS. Standardized mean scores adjusted for sample size (Hedges g) were used as the effect size. Subgroup analysis was performed to compare the fixed and rescue maintenance rTMS treatment. Maintenance rTMS was associated with a statistically significant improvement in depression scores (standardized mean difference [SMD] = 0.75; confidence interval [CI] = -1.25 to -0.25). The random effects model had the Q value = 142.67 (P < 0.0001) and I2 = 90%, supporting significant heterogeneity among studies. The prediction interval yielded a possible effect size from -2.54 to 1.05. The subgroup analysis showed a stronger treatment effect for rescue maintenance protocol (SMD = -1.17; CI = -2.13 to -0.21) compared to fixed maintenance protocol (SMD = -0.45; CI = -1.00.16). Although not statistically significant (Q-between = 2.56, df-between = 1, P = 0.1096), a large difference in effect size was observed between subgroups. Maintenance rTMS appears to be an effective strategy for maintaining remission and preventing relapse in MDD. Significant heterogeneity among the studies warrants caution in interpreting the results. These findings suggest the need for standard protocols and consensus guidelines for the optimal delivery of maintenance rTMS treatment.
QUALITATIVE CHANGES IN PARAMETERS OF PSYCHOGENIC NON-EPILEPTIC SEIZURES IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH ADJUVANT LOW FREQUENCY RTMS AS COMPARED TO SHAM STIMULATION$$$ Objective: This study investigated the efficacy of adjunctive low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) compared to sham stimulation for treating psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) in children and adolescents. Methods: Twenty patients diagnosed with PNES were randomized to receive either active rTMS or sham stimulation over the supplementary motor area (SMA) for ten sessions over two weeks. Clinical severity, seizure frequency and duration, dissociative experiences, anxiety, and depression were assessed before, after treatment, and at two weeks follow-up. Results: Both groups showed improvements in clinical parameters. However, the active rTMS group demonstrated a significantly greater reduction in overall clinical severity compared to sham at the four-week follow-up. This improvement was not sustained after treatment ended. Additionally, patients with more severe PNES (higher seizure frequency and duration) showed greater improvement with rTMS. There were no significant differences between groups in anxiety or depression scores. Conclusion: Low-frequency rTMS may offer some benefits for PNES, particularly for patients with severe symptoms. However, the short-lived effects and potential for placebo response necessitate further research with larger sample sizes, longer follow-up periods, and optimized stimulation parameters.
Medical hypnosis mitigates laboratory dyspnoea in healthy humans: a randomised, controlled experimental trial$$$ Question Dyspnoea persisting despite treatments of underlying causes requires symptomatic approaches. Medical hypnosis could provide relief without the untoward effects of pharmacological approaches. We addressed this question through experimentally induced dyspnoea in healthy humans (inspiratory threshold loading (excessive inspiratory effort) and carbon dioxide stimulation (air hunger)). Material and methods 20 volunteers (10 women, aged 21–40 years) were studied on four separate days. The order of the visits was randomised in two steps: firstly, the “inspiratory threshold loading first” versus “carbon dioxide first” group (n=10 in each group); secondly, the “medical hypnosis first” versus “visual distraction first” subgroup (n=5 in each subgroup). Each visit comprised three 5-min periods (reference, intervention, washout) during which participants used visual analogue scales (VAS) to rate the sensory and affective dimensions of dyspnoea, and after which they completed the Multidimensional Dyspnea Profile. Results Medical hypnosis reduced both dimensions of dyspnoea significantly more than visual distraction (inspiratory threshold loading: sensory reduction after 5 min 34% of full VAS versus 8% (p=0.0042), affective reduction 17.6% versus 2.4% (p=0.044); carbon dioxide: sensory reduction after 5 min 36.9% versus 3% (p=0.0015), affective reduction 29.1% versus 8.7% (p=0.0023)). The Multidimensional Dyspnea Profile showed more marked sensory effects during inspiratory threshold loading and more marked affective effects during carbon dioxide stimulation. Answer to the question Medical hypnosis was more effective than visual distraction at attenuating the sensory and affective dimensions of experimentally induced dyspnoea. This provides a strong rationale for clinical studies of hypnosis in persistent dyspnoea patients.
MODIFIED ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY AND METABOLIC SYNDROME : AN EXPLORATORY STUDY FROM NORTH INDIA$$$ Background: Modified Electroconvulsive therapy (mECT) is the treatment of choice in suicidality, catatonia and resistant psychiatric disorders like treatment resistant depression, bipolar disorder and schizophrenia. A handful of studies with modest sample sizes have suggested effect of mECT on metabolic parameters like glycemic control and cholesterol levels, however, not a single study has explored the association between mECT and Metabolic syndrome. Hence the present study was undertaken to find out the prevalence of metabolic syndrome in patients receiving mECT. Methods: This was a cross-sectional exploratory study in which 75 patients receiving mECT were recruited via purposive random sampling and evaluated for metabolic syndrome by using modified National Cholesterol Education Program Adult Treatment Panel III (NCEP ATP-III) criteria. Results: 50.07% of patients fulfilled the modified NCEP ATP-III criteria for Metabolic syndrome. Among the individual parameters studied- elevated blood pressure (66.67%) was the most common metabolic abnormality, followed by increased waist circumference (46.67%) and increased triglycerides levels (42%). Least common metabolic abnormality was impaired fasting glucose in 25% of patients. Compared to patients without metabolic syndrome, patients with metabolic syndrome had received higher number of mECT sessions . Conclusion: Our findings revealed an increased prevalence of metabolic syndrome in patients recieving mECT, this highlights the importance of screening for metabolic syndrome at an early stage to employ timely care so as to reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease and premature death..
The role of the anterior cingulate cortex in inhibitory control - The ACDC TMS study with patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Inhibitory control is a cognitive function, part of the "executive functions" group, representing our ability to choose and regulate how we react and behave rather than being hostages of habit. Impaired inhibitory control plays a role in neuropsychiatry disorders' pathophysiology, such as drug and alcohol abuse, gambling, eating disorders, or obsessive- -compulsive disorder (OCD). Previous studies have associated cognitive control with neural activity in the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC). The data suggest that the dorsal ACC is critically involved in the "response selection" and that deficient activity in this region represents a common element across psychiatric disorders. Double cone coil transcranial magnetic stimulation (DC TMS) is an instrument for non-invasive brain stimulation, which, unlike the classic rTMS, is useful for reaching deeper targets, such as the ACC. ACDC TMS was used in trials with a patient population (OCD, major depressive disorder). However, only a few studies focused on die possibility of influencing inhibitory control. Also, to date, no study used placebo (sham) stimulation and compared patients with OCD with healthy controls. We evaluated the effect of ACDC TMS on inhibitory control in patients with OCD using the classic Stroop paradigm and aimed to answer whether it is possible to affect the inhibitory control by only one high-frequency ACDC stimulation and whether this effect depends 011 the symptom intensity. I11 a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study with healthy controls (11 = 30) with the parallel design, we assessed the effect of one application of the ACDC TMS 011 Stroop test performance in 30 patients with varying degrees of OCD. Healthy volunteers and patients both received active 20Hz ACDC TMS or sham TMS. Right before and after the stimulation, participants took the computer-based Stroop test. During the stimulation, healthy participants performed the PASAT to activate the inhibitory control circuit, and patients were asked to provoke obsessive thoughts. The mixed-effect model was applied to examine the impact of stimulation on reaction time and error scores and to compare the patient population with healthy controls. Results were considered significant if they exceeded a p<.05. All thirty patients and twenty-eight healthy participants completed the study. Two participants had headaches and nausea and were forced to end the experiment. No significant effect of ACDC TMS condition on reaction times in patients was observed either in congruent (F(28) =.84, p =.37) or incongruent (F(28) =.65, p =.43) trials. The data analyses are still in progress, and the full results will be presented at the conference. Data collection was finished in September 2023, and we are currently working on data analysis. The preliminary results showed no significant effect of ACDC TMS 011 reaction rime in the Scroop rest in patients with OCD. However, the reaction times were not compared with healthy controls, and 110 error rate analyses were conducted.
The role of the anterior cingulate cortex in inhibitory control - The ACDC TMS study with patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ The proceedings contain 63 papers. The topics discussed include: different routes of ketamine administration in ambulatory care and during hospitalization; the future of non-psychedelic phyto-psychopharmacotherapy; psychopharmacology and chronic kidney disorder: general overview and management; electroconvulsive therapy: standard versus ultra-ultrashort protocol; repetitive transcranial stimulation in the treatment of bipolar depression; psychopharmacs and psychotherapy in patients with borderline personality disorder with dissociative states; and cooperation of a psychologist-psychotherapist with a psychiatrist in the management of a patient who needs both medication and psychotherapeutic guidance.
AUGMENTATION STRATEGIES IN NEUROSTIMULATION MODALITIES$$$ Neurostimulation modalities or Noninvasive Brain Stimulation Techniques (NIBS) are widely perceived as powerful tools in the treatment of large variety of neuropsychiatric conditions with very scarce adverse effects and vast efficacy. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was invented nearly 90 years ago and improved in efficacy and tolerability since then. The stigma of ECT is substantially decreasing, however it is the clumsiest aspect of this lifesaving procedure. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) uses the same electromagnetic force delivered into the brain via magnetic waves minimizing local and side effects of stimulation. Although the transcranial direct and alternating current stimulation (tDCS and tACS) use the lowest current and voltage of the aforementioned techniques, the effect is robust as the portion of delivered electric current is the highest. The up-to-date practice of ECT consist of: • the general anesthesia and myorelaxation to eliminate majority of adverse effects; • the electrode placement, • the titration of current parameters, waveform (total 'energy') and session schedule. If refined well, these approaches minimize the side effects (especially transitory cognitive impairment) and enable the out-patient setting. Furthermore, continuation and maintenance treatment are necessary for full remission. Surprisingly, ECT is the only somatic treatment discontinued once it starts working. In 2019 we administered ECT in older depressed man, and even though we used maximal output of energy of Mecta © Spectrum™ 5000 device (200 J), we were unable to induce adequate epileptiform seizure. After discussing with the leader in the field, Harold S. Sackeim from Colombian University New York, we combined two modalities to influence the seizure threshold. We used high frequency TMS over the supplementary motor area prior to ECT, lowered the seizure threshold by half, and demonstrating the feasibility of such treatment. We were the first to do so in a single session. Furthermore, we proceeded with a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, which confirmed the immediate effect of TMS pre-stimulation on lowering the seizure threshold by an average decrease by 34.55%. Combining various protocols of NIBS and co-stimulation is now being experimentally researched but also used in a general practice. Some new modalities are tested out. Very promising is Focal Electrically Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) and some seem to be a dead (Magnetic Seizure Therapy or MST). Nevertheless, need for further co-operation across the nations is essential for success.
Remote neurocognitive interventions for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder – Opportunities and challenges$$$ Improving neurocognitive functions through remote interventions has been a promising approach to developing new treatments for attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (AD/HD). Remote neurocognitive interventions may address the shortcomings of the current prevailing pharmacological therapies for AD/HD, e.g., side effects and access barriers. Here we review the current options for remote neurocognitive interventions to reduce AD/HD symptoms, including cognitive training, EEG neurofeedback training, transcranial electrical stimulation, and external cranial nerve stimulation. We begin with an overview of the neurocognitive deficits in AD/HD to identify the targets for developing interventions. The role of neuroplasticity in each intervention is then highlighted due to its essential role in facilitating neuropsychological adaptations. Following this, each intervention type is discussed in terms of the critical details of the intervention protocols, the role of neuroplasticity, and the available evidence. Finally, we offer suggestions for future directions in terms of optimizing the existing intervention protocols and developing novel protocols.
Non-inferiority of intermittent theta burst stimulation over the left V1 vs. classical target for depression: A randomized, double-blind trial$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the visual cortex (VC) has shown antidepressant effects for major depressive disorder (MDD) in sham-controlled trials, but comparisons with rTMS targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) are lacking. We aimed to determine the non-inferiority of intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) over VC vs DLPFC for MDD. Methods: Participants randomly received navigated iTBS over the left V1 or the left DLPFC twice daily for 14 days with a 3-month follow-up. The primary outcome was change in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) score from baseline to treatment end, with 2.5 points as the non-inferiority margin. Secondary outcomes included: improvement in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA); response and remission rates; suicidal ideation and adverse events. Results: Of 75 randomized patients, 67 completed full treatment, including 52 first-episode patients and 15 relapsers. The primary outcome indicated the non-inferiority of VC (adjusted difference 1.14, lower 97.5 % CI −1.24; p = .002), confirmed by improvements in objective cognitive task and protein levels, as did most secondary outcomes. Reduced suicidal ideation after treatment, incidence of eye discomfort and pain score were lower in the VC group. Conclusions: Left VC iTBS has the potential to be non-inferior to DLPFC iTBS in most first-episode MDD in improving depressive symptoms and cognitive function, with less suicidal ideation and adverse events. Limitations: Given the limited sample size, the lack of a sham control and the use of antidepressants, the findings should be interpreted with caution.
Prediction of antidepressant responses to non-invasive brain stimulation using frontal electroencephalogram signals: Cross-dataset comparisons and validation$$$ Background: 10-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation(rTMS) and intermittent theta-burst stimulation(iTBS) over left prefrontal cortex are FDA-approved, effective options for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Optimal prediction models for iTBS and rTMS remain elusive. Therefore, our primary objective was to compare prediction accuracy between classification by frontal theta activity alone and machine learning(ML) models by linear and non-linear frontal signals. The second objective was to study an optimal ML model for predicting responses to rTMS and iTBS. Methods: Two rTMS and iTBS datasets (n = 163) were used: one randomized controlled trial dataset (RCTD; n = 96) and one outpatient dataset (OPD; n = 67). Frontal theta and non-linear EEG features that reflect trend, stability, and complexity were extracted. Pretreatment frontal EEG and ML algorithms, including classical support vector machine(SVM), random forest(RF), XGBoost, and CatBoost, were analyzed. Responses were defined as ≥50 % depression improvement after treatment. Response rates between those with and without pretreatment prediction in another independent outpatient cohort (n = 208) were compared. Results: Prediction accuracy using combined EEG features by SVM was better than frontal theta by logistic regression. The accuracy for OPD patients significantly dropped using the RCTD-trained SVM model. Modern ML models, especially RF (rTMS = 83.3 %, iTBS = 88.9 %, p-value(ACC > NIR) < 0.05 for iTBS), performed significantly above chance and had higher accuracy than SVM using both selected features (p < 0.05, FDR corrected for multiple comparisons) or all EEG features. Response rates among those receiving prediction before treatment were significantly higher than those without prediction (p = 0.035). Conclusion: The first study combining linear and non-linear EEG features could accurately predict responses to left PFC iTBS. The bootstraps-based ML model (i.e., RF) had the best predictive accuracy for rTMS and iTBS.
Efficacy and safety of a 4-week course of repeated subcutaneous ketamine injections for treatment-resistant depression (KADS study): randomised double-blind active-controlled trial$$$ Background Prior trials suggest that intravenous racemic ketamine is a highly effective for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), but phase 3 trials of racemic ketamine are needed. Aims To assess the acute efficacy and safety of a 4-week course of subcutaneous racemic ketamine in participants with TRD. Trial registration: ACTRN12616001096448 at www.anzctr.org.au. Method This phase 3, double-blind, randomised, active-controlled multicentre trial was conducted at seven mood disorders centres in Australia and New Zealand. Participants received twice-weekly subcutaneous racemic ketamine or midazolam for 4 weeks. Initially, the trial tested fixed-dose ketamine 0.5 mg/kg versus midazolam 0.025 mg/kg (cohort 1). Dosing was revised, after a Data Safety Monitoring Board recommendation, to flexible-dose ketamine 0.5-0.9 mg/kg or midazolam 0.025-0.045 mg/kg, with response-guided dosing increments (cohort 2). The primary outcome was remission (Montgomery-Åsberg Rating Scale for Depression score ≤10) at the end of week 4. Results The final analysis (those who received at least one treatment) comprised 68 in cohort 1 (fixed-dose), 106 in cohort 2 (flexible-dose). Ketamine was more efficacious than midazolam in cohort 2 (remission rate 19.6% v. 2.0%; OR = 12.1, 95% CI 2.1-69.2, P = 0.005), but not different in cohort 1 (remission rate 6.3% v. 8.8%; OR = 1.3, 95% CI 0.2-8.2, P = 0.76). Ketamine was well tolerated. Acute adverse effects (psychotomimetic, blood pressure increases) resolved within 2 h. Conclusions Adequately dosed subcutaneous racemic ketamine was efficacious and safe in treating TRD over a 4-week treatment period. The subcutaneous route is practical and feasible.
Effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as adjunctive treatment for chronic headache in adults with clinically stable systemic lupus erythematosus (SHADE): a randomised double-blind multiarm sham controlled clinical trial$$$ Background Chronic headache is a 'silent' neuropsychiatric systemic lupus erythematosus symptom with heterogeneous prevalence, potentially reaching 54.4%. It may reduce quality of life by increasing the likelihood of depression and sleep disturbance. While pharmacotherapy remains the first-line treatment, the current management is still challenging and needs other non-invasive modalities. An effective, tolerable and disease-specific treatment modality including transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is considered to reduce the frequency of chronic headaches, including in SLE. Until recently, there was no standard protocol for tDCS in treating headaches. Methods and analysis SHADE is a single-centre randomised double-blind multiarm sham-controlled trial for adults with clinically stable SLE, chronic headaches and without history of traumatic brain injury, brain infection, stroke or brain tumour. Random allocation is conducted to 88 subjects into 3 treatment groups (administration at primary motor, primary sensory and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) and control group in 1:1:1:1 ratio. The primary endpoint is reduced number of headache days after adjunctive tDCS. The secondary endpoints are reduced headache intensity, increased quality of life, increased sleep quality, decreased depression and reduced analgesics use. The outcome is measured monthly until 3-month postintervention using headache diary, 36-Item Short Form Survey, Chronic Headache Quality of Life Questionnaire, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index and Mini International Neuropsychiatry Interview version 10 (MINI ICD 10). Intention-to-treat analysis will be performed to determine the best tDCS electrode placement. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval had been obtained from the local Institutional Review Board of Faculty of Medicine Universitas Indonesia. Results will be published through scientific relevant peer-reviewed journals. Trial registration number NCT05613582.
Comparing the efficacies of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments using different targeting methods in major depressive disorder: Protocol for a network meta-analysis$$$ Introduction Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) has been widely used as a treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) in the past two decades. Different methods for localising the lDLPFC target include the '5 cm' method, the F3 method and the neuro-navigational method. However, whether TMS efficacies differ between the three targeting methods remains unclear. We present a protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis (NMA) to compare the efficacies of TMS treatments using these three targeting methods in MDD. Methods and analysis Relevant studies reported in English or Chinese and published up to May 2023 will be identified from searches of the following databases: PubMed, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Embase, PsycINFO, China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wan Fang Database, Chinese BioMedical Literature Database, and China Science and Technology Journal Database. We will include all randomised controlled trials assessing the efficacy of an active TMS treatment using any one of the three targeting methods compared with sham TMS treatment or comparing efficacies between active TMS treatments using different targeting methods. Interventions must include a minimum of 10 sessions of high-frequency TMS over the lDLPFC. The primary outcome is the reduction score of the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale or Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale. The dropout rate is a secondary outcome representing the TMS treatment's acceptability. Pairwise meta-analyses and a random-effects NMA will be conducted using Stata. We will use the surface under the cumulative ranking curve to rank the different targeting methods in terms of efficacy and acceptability. Ethics and dissemination This systematic review and NMA does not require ethics approval. The results will be submitted for publication in a peer-reviewed journal. PROSPERO registration number CRD42023410273.
Effects of non-invasive brain stimulation over supplementary motor area in people with Parkinson's disease: a protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials$$$ Introduction Individuals with Parkinson's disease (PD) often experience initial hesitation, slowness of movements, decreased balance and impaired standing ability, which can significantly impact their independence. Transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation are two widely used and promising non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) modalities for treating PD. The supplementary motor area (SMA), associated with motor behaviour and processing, has received increasing attention as a potential stimulation target to alleviate PD-related symptoms. However, the data on NIBS over SMA in PD individuals are inconsistent and has not been synthesised. In this article, we will review the evidence for NIBS over SMA in PD individuals and evaluate its efficacy in improving PD function. Method and analysis Randomised controlled clinical trials comparing the effects of NIBS and sham stimulation on motor function, activities of daily living and participation for people with PD will be included. A detailed computer-aided search of the literature will be performed from inception to February 2023 in the following databases: PubMed, EMBASE, Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro), Web of Science (WOS) and The Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI). Two independent reviewers will screen articles for relevance and methodological validity. The PEDro scale will be used to evaluate the risk of bias of selected studies. Data from included studies will be extracted by two independent reviewers through a customised, preset data extraction sheet. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval is not required for this systematic review. The study's findings will be presented at scientific meetings and published in peer-reviewed journals. PROSPERO registration number CRD42023399945.
Augmentation in depression: Esketamine, a new standard?$$$ While new add-on treatments have been developed for augmentation in depression with benefits demonstrated compared to placebo, none have demonstrated superiority compared to previously available interventions until now. In a phase IIIb, randomized, active-controlled trial (ESCAPE-TRD), Reif et al.1 demonstrate the superiority of esketamine compared to quetiapine augmentation (the current standard-of-care).
Differential Placebo Responses for Pharmacotherapy and Neurostimulation in Late-Life Depression$$$ Background: The magnitude of the placebo response depends on both the modality used as the “placebo” and the intervention with which it is compared, both of which can complicate the interpretation of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for depression in late life. Given that neurostimulation and pharmacotherapy are among the most common interventions studied for late-life depression, comparing the relative placebo responses in studies of these interventions can aid interpretation of relative effect sizes. Materials and Methods: We analyzed data from two RCTs of adults aged ≥60 years in an episode of treatment-resistant major depression, one comparing aripiprazole and matching placebo pills and the other comparing deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and sham rTMS. In both RCTs, depression was assessed using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17). The primary comparison occurred after four weeks using analysis of covariance (ANCOVA) of HDRS-17 scores in participants who received placebo pills or sham rTMS. Relevant covariates included years of education, duration of depressive episode, and baseline HDRS-17 score. Results: Accounting for covariates, there was a larger reduction of HDRS-17 after four weeks in the sham rTMS group (estimated marginal mean ± SE: −5.90 ± 1.45; 95% CI: [−8.82, 2.98]) than in the placebo pills group (−1.07 ± 1.45; [−3.98, 1.85]). There were no significant differences between these groups in the binary outcome analysis of response and remission rates at four weeks or any outcome at trial end point comparison. Conclusions: Sham rTMS may have a larger placebo response than placebo pills early in the treatment of older adults with treatment-resistant depression. Differential placebo responses should be considered in both the interpretation and design of RCTs.
A Literature Review of the Efficacy of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Epilepsy$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), often recognized as a safe and tolerable method with promising therapeutic potential for the treatment of a variety of neurological disorders, has been extensively studied by medical engineering scientists in recent decades. Epilepsy has always been one of the vital foci in the therapeutic role of rTMS, especially its low-frequency type. However, various reports, clinical trials, and review articles published in recent years have yielded conflicting results regarding the efficacy and side effects of rTMS in patients. In this review article, reviewing studies published from January 2000 to October 2021, we examined the efficacy and side effects of rTMS with a specific look at its therapeutic applications in epilepsy. Our study indicates promising results in the clinical application of this technique for patients with epilepsy. Among other things, it has the ability to reduce interictal epileptic abnormalities, does not interfere with neuropsychological function in normal people, does not worsen cognitive function and even improves Stroop function, rarely has serious side effects such as seizures and psychotic symptoms, has low risk in children as adults, and has potential for improving suicidal ideation. Despite some limitations in this study, including the small number of studies performed and the heterogeneity among studies, this review article suggests significant rtMS potentials in improving the complications of epilepsy. Our review also showed that the reported side effects of using this technique are not very common. Therefore, we can recommend further use of this technique as a promising tool in clinical research.
Classification of bipolar disorders using the multilayer modularity in dynamic minimum spanning tree from resting state fMRI$$$ The diagnosis of bipolar disorders (BD) mainly depends on the clinical history and behavior observation, while only using clinical tools often limits the diagnosis accuracy. The study aimed to create a novel BD diagnosis framework using multilayer modularity in the dynamic minimum spanning tree (MST). We collected 45 un-medicated BD patients and 47 healthy controls (HC). The sliding window approach was utilized to construct dynamic MST via resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) data. Firstly, we used three null models to explore the effectiveness of multilayer modularity in dynamic MST. Furthermore, the module allegiance exacted from dynamic MST was applied to train a classifier to discriminate BD patients. Finally, we explored the influence of the FC estimator and MST scale on the performance of the model. The findings indicated that multilayer modularity in the dynamic MST was not a random process in the human brain. And the model achieved an accuracy of 83.70% for identifying BD patients. In addition, we found the default mode network, subcortical network (SubC), and attention network played a key role in the classification. These findings suggested that the multilayer modularity in dynamic MST could highlight the difference between HC and BD patients, which opened up a new diagnostic tool for BD patients.
Effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation under different intensities upon rehabilitation of chronic pelvic pain syndrome: protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Nearly one in seven women worldwide suffers from chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CPPS) each year. Often, CPPS necessitates a combination of treatments. Studies have shown the good therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) upon CPPS. We wish to undertake a randomized controlled trial (RCT) to observe the effect of high-frequency rTMS at different intensities upon CPPS. Methods and analyses: In this prospective, double-blinded RCT, 63 female CPPS participants will be recruited and randomized (1:1:1) to high-intensity rTMS, low-intensity rTMS, or sham rTMS. The control group will receive a 10-day course of conventional pelvic floor (PF) rehabilitation (neuromuscular stimulation, magnetic therapy, or light therapy of the PF). On the basis of conventional treatment, participants in the high-intensity rTMS group will receive pulses of 10 Hz with a resting motor threshold (RMT) of 110% for a total of 15,000 pulses. Participants in the low-intensity rTMS group will receive pulses of 10 Hz with an RMT of 80% with 15,000 pulses. The sham rTMS group will be subjected to sham stimulation with the same sound as produced by the real magnetic stimulation coil. The primary outcome will be determined using a visual analog scale, the Genitourinary Pain Index, Zung Self-Rating Anxiety Scale, and Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale. The secondary outcome will be determined by electromyography of the surface of PF muscles at baseline and after treatment completion. Ethics and dissemination: This study is approved by the Ethics Committee of Bao’an People’s Hospital, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province (approval number: BYL20211203). The results will be submitted for publication in peer-reviewed journals and disseminated at scientific conferences (Protocol version 1.0-20220709). Trial registration: Chictr.org.cn, ID: ChiCTR2200055615. Registered on 14 January 2022, http://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.aspx?proj=146720. Protocol version 1.0-20220709.
Effects of bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on 5-HT1A receptors in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in treatment-resistant depression: a proof-of-concept trial$$$ Theta-burst stimulation (TBS) represents a brain stimulation technique effective for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) as underlined by meta-analyses. While the methodology undergoes constant refinement, bilateral stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) appears promising to restore left DLPFC hypoactivity and right hyperactivity found in depression. The post-synaptic inhibitory serotonin-1A (5-HT1A) receptor, also occurring in the DLPFC, might be involved in this mechanism of action. To test this hypothesis, we performed PET-imaging using the tracer [carbonyl-11C]WAY-100635 including arterial blood sampling before and after a three-week treatment with TBS in 11 TRD patients compared to sham stimulation (n = 8 and n = 3, respectively). Treatment groups were randomly assigned, and TBS protocol consisted of excitatory intermittent TBS to the left and inhibitory continuous TBS to the right DLPFC. A linear mixed model including group, hemisphere, time, and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) score revealed a 3-way interaction effect of group, time, and HAMD on specific distribution volume (VS) of 5-HT1A receptor. While post-hoc comparisons showed no significant changes of 5-HT1A receptor VS in either group, higher 5-HT1A receptor VS after treatment correlated with greater difference in HAMD (r = −0.62). The results of this proof-of-concept trial hint towards potential effects of TBS on the distribution of the 5-HT1A receptor. Due to the small sample size, all results must, however, be regarded with caution.
Bicentre, randomized, parallel-arm, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of palliative care patients with refractory cancer pain$$$ Background: Pain is a common symptom in palliative care cancer patients and is often insufficiently relieved. In recent years, transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) of the motor cortex has been shown to be effective to treat chronic pain, essentially neuropathic pain. We propose to test the efficacy of tDCS in patients experiencing cancer pain in the palliative care setting. Method/design: This article describes the protocol of a bicentre, randomized, parallel-arm, sham-controlled clinical trial evaluating tDCS in the treatment of palliative care patients with refractory cancer pain. Seventy patients between the ages of 18 and 80 years experiencing refractory pain with a pain score of 4/10 on a numerical rating scale (NRS) ranging from 0 to 10 will be enrolled in this trial. The main exclusion criteria are patients unable to fill in the various rating scales and life expectancy less than 3 weeks. Treatment consists of 5 consecutive tDCS sessions targeting the motor cortex (one daily session for 5 days) on the contralateral side to the pain. After randomization (1:1 ratio), 35 patients will receive active stimulation and 35 patients will receive sham stimulation. The primary endpoint is the NRS score and the primary objective is a significant improvement of this score between the baseline score recorded between D-3 and D-1 and the score recorded 4 days after stopping treatment (D8). The secondary objectives are to evaluate whether this improvement is maintained 16 days after stopping treatment (D21) and whether the following scores are improved on D14 and D21: Brief Pain Inventory, Edmonton Symptom Assessment System, Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale, State-Trait Anxiety Inventory and Medication Quantification Scale. Discussion: Positive results of this trial would indicate that tDCS can improve pain and quality of life of cancer patients in the palliative care setting. Reduction of analgesic consumption and improvement of activities of daily living should allow many patients to return home with a decreased workload for caregivers.
Effect of fluvoxamine on preventing neuropsychiatric symptoms of post COVID syndrome in mild to moderate patients, a randomized placebo-controlled double-blind clinical trial$$$ Background: Shortly after the Coronavirus disease 2019 (COVID-19) pandemic, a considerable number of recovered patients reported persisting symptoms, especially neuropsychological manifestations, which were later named post-COVID syndrome (PCS). Immune dysregulation was suggested as one of the main mechanisms for PCS. Fluvoxamine, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) that is mostly used to treat depression, anxiety disorders, and obsessive–compulsive disorder, has been suggested as an anti-COVID drug due to its anti-inflammatory effects, mainly through the sigma-1 receptor. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate fluvoxamine's effect on PCS neuropsychiatric symptoms. Method: In this double-blind randomized clinical trial, we included confirmed mild to moderate COVID-19 outpatients using polymerase chain reaction (PCR) by an infectious disease specialist. The presence of severe COVID-19 symptoms was evaluated by the infectious disease specialist and included dyspnea, SpO2 < 94% on room air, PaO2/FiO2 < 300 mm Hg, a respiratory rate > 30 breaths/min, and lung infiltrates > 50%. Then we performed permuted block randomization and assigned patients 1:1 into two groups to either receive fluvoxamine 100 mg tablet or a placebo daily for 10 days. Eligible patients were evaluated after 12 weeks for the presence of fatigue, as the primary, and other PCS symptoms as secondary outcomes. Results: We screened a total of 486 patients from March to June 2022. After 12 weeks, 42 patients receiving fluvoxamine and 43 patients receiving Placebo were evaluated for PCS. Patients had a mean age of 38.5 ± 14.1 and 48% of them were women. Fatigue was significantly lower in the fluvoxamine group (p-value 0.026). No significant differences were observed in other symptoms. Conclusion: We concluded that taking fluvoxamine during active COVID-19 can reduce the chance of fatigue but the advantage of fluvoxamine was not observed for other symptoms. Further studies are necessary to confirm these preliminary results.
Deep learning and machine learning in psychiatry: a survey of current progress in depression detection, diagnosis and treatment$$$ Informatics paradigms for brain and mental health research have seen significant advances in recent years. These developments can largely be attributed to the emergence of new technologies such as machine learning, deep learning, and artificial intelligence. Data-driven methods have the potential to support mental health care by providing more precise and personalised approaches to detection, diagnosis, and treatment of depression. In particular, precision psychiatry is an emerging field that utilises advanced computational techniques to achieve a more individualised approach to mental health care. This survey provides an overview of the ways in which artificial intelligence is currently being used to support precision psychiatry. Advanced algorithms are being used to support all phases of the treatment cycle. These systems have the potential to identify individuals suffering from mental health conditions, allowing them to receive the care they need and tailor treatments to individual patients who are mostly to benefit. Additionally, unsupervised learning techniques are breaking down existing discrete diagnostic categories and highlighting the vast disease heterogeneity observed within depression diagnoses. Artificial intelligence also provides the opportunity to shift towards evidence-based treatment prescription, moving away from existing methods based on group averages. However, our analysis suggests there are several limitations currently inhibiting the progress of data-driven paradigms in care. Significantly, none of the surveyed articles demonstrate empirically improved patient outcomes over existing methods. Furthermore, greater consideration needs to be given to uncertainty quantification, model validation, constructing interdisciplinary teams of researchers, improved access to diverse data and standardised definitions within the field. Empirical validation of computer algorithms via randomised control trials which demonstrate measurable improvement to patient outcomes are the next step in progressing models to clinical implementation.
Acupuncture for post-stroke depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Background: Patients with post-stroke depression (PSD) usually experience anxiety, hopelessness, and insomnia, which have a negative impact on their daily activities and post-stroke rehabilitation. Acupuncture (AC), as a minimally invasive technique, has become a popular choice for improving depression symptoms. However, it is still unclear which therapy is associated with the best outcomes for PSD. In this review, we aimed to explore the impact of AC in alleviating symptoms of PSD and to evaluate the difference in effectiveness between AC combined with pharmacotherapies and various non-pharmacotherapies. Methods: Six databases and three clinical trials registration platforms were searched from inception to March 2023. Randomized clinical trial comparing needle-based AC with pharmacotherapy, and other non-pharmacotherapy or invalid group were included. Two independent reviewers identified eligible studies, and collected data using a pre-made form. A Bayesian network meta-analysis was conducted to assess and compare different techniques using RStudio 3.6.0 with the package ‘GEMTC’ V.0.8.1. The primary outcome was the efficacy for PSD assessed by scales measuring depressive symptoms. The secondary outcomes were effectiveness for neurological function and the quality of life. The ranking probabilities for all treatment interventions was performed using the Surface Under the Cumulative Ranking curve (SUCRA). The risk of bias was assessed by using the Revised Cochrane Risk of Bias tool 2. Results: Sixty-two studies, involving 5308 participants published from 2003 to 2022, were included. The results showed that compared with western medicine (WM) (defined as pharmacotherapy for PSD), AC alone or with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS), Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) alone or with WM, were superior for alleviating depression symptoms. Compared to Usual Care, AC alone or plus other therapies could significantly decrease scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating scale. According to result of SUCRA, AC plus RTMS had the highest probability of improving depressive symptoms with a probability of 49.43%. Conclusions: The results of this study indicate that AC alone or combined with other therapies appears to be effective in improving depression symptoms of stroke survivors. Moreover, in comparison to WM, AC alone or plus RTMS, TCM, TCM with WM, or WM, were more effective in improving depression symptoms of PSD. Also, AC with RTMS seems to be the most effective with the highest probability. Registration: This study was registered in the International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews (PROSPERO) database in November 2020 and updated in July 2021. The registration number is CRD42020218752.
A Study of Individualized Diagnosis and Treatment for Depression with Atypical Features (iDoT-AFD): study protocol for a randomized clinical trial and prognosis study$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) with atypical features, namely depression with atypical features (AFD), is one of the most common clinical specifiers of MDD, closely associated with bipolar disorder (BD). However, there is still a lack of clinical guidelines for the diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of AFD. Our study mainly focuses on three issues about how to identify AFD, what is the appropriate individualized treatment for AFD, and what are the predictive biomarkers of conversion to BD. Methods: The Study of Individualized Diagnosis and Treatment for Depression with Atypical Features (iDoT-AFD) is a multicenter, prospective, open-label study consisting of a 12-week randomized controlled trial (RCT) and a continued follow-up until 4 years or reaching the study endpoint. It is enrolling 480 patients with AFD (120 per treatment arm), 100 patients with BD, and 100 healthy controls (HC). Multivariate dimension information is collected including clinical features, cognitive function, kynurenine pathway metabolomics, and multimodal magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) data. Firstly, multivariate informatics analyses are performed to recognize patients with AFD from participants including the first-episode and recurrent atypical depression, patients with BD, and patients with HC. Secondly, patients with atypical depression are randomly allocated to one of the four treatment groups including “single application of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) or serotonin-noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor (SNRI)”, “SSRI/SNRI combined with mood stabilizer,” “SSRI/SNRI combined with quetiapine (≥ 150 mg/day),” or “treatment as usual (TAU)” and then followed up 12 weeks to find out the optimized treatment strategies. Thirdly, patients with atypical depression are followed up until 4 years or switching to BD, to explore the risk factors of conversion from atypical depression to BD and eventually build the risk warning model of conversion to BD. Discussion: The first enrolment was in August 2019. The iDoT-AFD study explores the clinical and biological markers for the diagnosis, treatment, and prognosis of AFD and further provides evidence for clinical guidelines of AFD. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT04209166. Registered on December 19, 2019.
Home-based tDCS for apathy in Alzheimer’s disease: a protocol for a randomized double-blinded controlled pilot study$$$ Background: Apathy is among the most common behavioral symptoms in dementia and is consistently associated with negative outcomes in Alzheimer’s disease (AD). Despite its prevalence and clinical relevance, available pharmacological and non-pharmacological strategies to treat apathy in AD have been marked, respectively, by potentially severe side effects and/or limited efficacy. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a relatively novel non-pharmacological method of neuromodulation with promising results. Compared to previous tDCS formats, recent technological advances have increased the portability of tDCS, which creates the potential for caregiver-administered, home use. Our study aims to evaluate the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of home-based tDCS for the treatment of apathy in AD. Methods/design: This is an experimenter- and participant-blinded, randomized, sham-controlled, parallel-group (1:1 for two groups) pilot clinical trial, involving 40 subjects with AD. After a brief training, caregivers will administer tDCS for participants at home under remote televideo supervision by research staff to ensure the use of proper technique. Participants will be assessed at baseline, during treatment (week 2, week 4, and week 6), and 6 weeks post-treatment. Dependent measures will cover cognitive performance, apathy, and other behavioral symptoms. Data about side effects and acceptability will also be collected. Discussion: Our study will address apathy, an overlooked clinical problem in AD. Our findings will advance the field of non-pharmacological strategies for neuropsychiatric symptoms, presenting a great potential for clinical translation. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT04855643.
Targeted visual cortex stimulation (TVCS): a novel neuro-navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation mode for improving cognitive function in bipolar disorder$$$ A more effective and better-tolerated site for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating cognitive dysfunction in patients with bipolar disorder (BD) is needed. The primary visual cortex (V1) may represent a suitable site. To investigate the use of the V1, which is functionally linked to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), as a potential site for improving cognitive function in BD. Seed-based functional connectivity (FC) analysis was used to locate targets in the V1 that had significant FC with the DLPFC and ACC. Subjects were randomly assigned to 4 groups, namely, the DLPFC active-sham rTMS (A1), DLPFC sham-active rTMS (A2), ACC active-sham rTMS (B1), and ACC sham-active rTMS groups (B2). The intervention included the rTMS treatment once daily, with five treatments a week for four weeks. The A1 and B1 groups received 10 days of active rTMS treatment followed by 10 days of sham rTMS treatment. The A2 and B2 groups received the opposite. The primary outcomes were changes in the scores of five tests in the THINC-integrated tool (THINC-it) at week 2 (W2) and week 4 (W4). The secondary outcomes were changes in the FC between the DLPFC/ACC and the whole brain at W2 and W4. Of the original 93 patients with BD recruited, 86 were finally included, and 73 finished the trial. Significant interactions between time and intervention type (Active/Sham) were observed in the scores of the accuracy of the Symbol Check in the THINC-it tests at baseline (W0) and W2 in groups B1 and B2 (F = 4.736, p = 0.037) using a repeated-measures analysis of covariance approach. Group B1 scored higher in the accuracy of Symbol Check at W2 compared with W0 (p < 0.001), while the scores of group B2 did not differ significantly between W0 and W2. No significant interactions between time and intervention mode were seen between groups A1 and A2, nor was any within-group significance of FC between DLPFC/ACC and the whole brain observed between baseline (W0) and W2/W4 in any group. One participant in group B1 experienced disease progression after 10 active and 2 sham rTMS sessions. The present study demonstrated that V1, functionally correlated with ACC, is a potentially effective rTMS stimulation target for improving neurocognitive function in BD patients. Further investigation using larger samples is required to confirm the clinical efficacy of TVCS.
Maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) therapy for treatment-resistant depression: a study protocol of a multisite, prospective, non-randomized longitudinal study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a widely used treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), and its effectiveness in preventing relapse/recurrence of MDD has been explored. Although few small sample controlled studies exist, the protocols of maintenance rTMS therapy were heterogeneous and evidence of its effectiveness is not sufficient. Thus, this study aims to evaluate whether maintenance rTMS is effective in maintaining the treatment response in patients with MDD with a large sample size and feasible study design. Methods: In this multicenter open-labelled parallel-group trial we plan to recruit 300 patients with MDD who have responded or remitted to acute rTMS therapy. Participants would be classified into two groups according to their preference; the maintenance rTMS and pharmacotherapy group, and the pharmacotherapy only group. The protocol of maintenance rTMS therapy is once a week for the first six months and once biweekly for the second six months. The primary outcome is the relapse/recurrence rates during 12 months following enrollment. Other measures of depressive symptoms and recurrence/relapse rates at different time points are the secondary outcomes. The primary analysis is the between-group comparison adjusted for background factors using a logistic regression model. We will perform the group comparison with inverse probability of treatment weighting as the sensitivity analysis to ensure the comparability of the two groups. Discussion: We hypothesize that maintenance rTMS therapy could be an effective and safe treatment for preventing depressive relapse/recurrence. Considering the limitation of potential bias owing to the study design, we plan to use statistical approaches and external data to avoid overestimation of the efficacy. Trial registration: Japan Registry of Clinical Trials, ID: jRCT1032220048 . Registered 1 May 2022.
Chronic pain trials often exclude people with comorbid depressive symptoms: A secondary analysis of 346 randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Chronic pain and depression are common comorbid conditions, but there is limited evidence-based guidance for management of the two conditions together. In recent years, there has been an increase in the number of chronic pain randomized controlled trials that collect depression outcomes, but it is unknown how often these trials include people with depression or significant depressive symptoms. If trials do not include participants representative of real-world populations, evidence and guidance generated from these trials risk being inapplicable for large proportions of the target population, or worse, risk harm. Thus, in order to identify pathways to improve the conduct of clinical trials, the aims of this study were to (1) estimate the proportion of randomized controlled trials evaluating chronic pain interventions and reporting depression outcomes that include participants with significant depressive symptoms; and (2) assess the variability of inclusion proportions by pain type, intervention type, gender, country of origin, and publication year. Methods: Studies were extracted from an umbrella review of interventions for chronic pain that reported depression outcomes. Screening and data extraction were completed in duplicate and conflicts were resolved by a third author. Randomized controlled trials with at least 50% adult participants and validated depression scales were included, and randomized controlled trials with populations whose mean scores were at or above depression thresholds at baseline were considered to have included participants with depression. Results: Of the 346 randomized controlled trials analyzed, 142 (41%) included participants with depression. Eight pain-type groups and nine intervention types were identified. Randomized controlled trials investigating fibromyalgia and mixed chronic pain had the highest proportion of participants with depression, whereas studies of arthritis and axial pain had among the lowest. Randomized controlled trials from the United States had a significantly lower inclusion proportion compared with non-US studies, especially for studies on arthritis. The increase in inclusion proportion by publication year was driven by the increase in fibromyalgia studies. Discussion and Conclusion: This study highlights opportunities to improve the conduct of chronic pain clinical trials. The majority of randomized controlled trials s analyzed evaluated participants without significant depressive symptoms at baseline, thus the findings synthesized in systematic reviews and subsequent guidelines are most applicable to the subset of real-world populations that do not have significant depressive symptoms. As well, systemic biases around psychological conditions and gender may be important contributors to differences in the study of depression in fibromyalgia compared with common conditions such as arthritis and axial pain. In order to better inform clinical practice, future research must intentionally include individuals with comorbid depression in trials of common chronic pain conditions, and consider methods to mitigate biases that may distort study design.
Network effects of Stanford Neuromodulation Therapy (SNT) in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: a randomized, controlled trial$$$ Here, we investigated the brain functional connectivity (FC) changes following a novel accelerated theta burst stimulation protocol known as Stanford Neuromodulation Therapy (SNT) which demonstrated significant antidepressant efficacy in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). In a sample of 24 patients (12 active and 12 sham), active stimulation was associated with significant pre- and post-treatment modulation of three FC pairs, involving the default mode network (DMN), amygdala, salience network (SN) and striatum. The most robust finding was the SNT effect on amygdala-DMN FC (group*time interaction F(1,22) = 14.89, p < 0.001). This FC change correlated with improvement in depressive symptoms (rho (Spearman) = −0.45, df = 22, p = 0.026). The post-treatment FC pattern showed a change in the direction of the healthy control group and was sustained at the one-month follow-up. These results are consistent with amygdala-DMN connectivity dysfunction as an underlying mechanism of TRD and bring us closer to the goal of developing imaging biomarkers for TMS treatment optimization. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03068715
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) adjunctive therapy for major depressive disorder (MDD) after two antidepressant treatment failures: meta-analysis of randomized sham-controlled trials$$$ Background: Several meta-analyses demonstrated the efficacy of unilateral High-Frequency Left-sided (HFL) repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for individuals with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD); however, results are contradictory due to heterogeneity of the included studies. Methods: A systematic literature review (SLR) of English language articles published since 2000 was performed in March 2022 on PubMed and Scopus databases. Empirical evidence on the relative efficacy of rTMS treatment compared with standard pharmacotherapy in Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD) were extracted. Random effects models were used to assess the effects of rTMS on response and remission rates. Results: 19 randomized double-blinded sham-controlled studies were included for quantitative analysis for response (n = 854 patients) and 9 studies for remission (n = 551 patients). The risk ratio (RR) for response and remission are 2.25 and 2.78, respectively for patients after two treatment failures using rTMS as add-on treatment compared to standard pharmacotherapy. Cochrane’s Q test showed no significant heterogeneity. No publication bias was detected. Conclusions: rTMS is significantly more effective than sham rTMS in TRD in response and remission outcomes and may be beneficial as an adjunctive treatment in patients with MDD after two treatment failures. This finding is consistent with previous meta-analyses; however, the effect size was smaller than in the formerly published literature.
Study protocol: effects of treatment expectation toward repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depressive disorder—a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Patients’ expectations toward any given treatment are highly important for the effectiveness of such treatment, as has been demonstrated for several disorders. In particular, in major depressive disorder (MDD), one of the most frequent and most serious mental disorders with severe consequences for the affected, the augmentation of available treatment options could mean a ground-breaking success. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a new, non-invasive, and well-tolerated intervention with proven effects in the treatment of MDD, appears particularly suitable in this context as it is assumed to exert its effect via structures implicated in networks relevant for both expectation and depression. Methods: All patients will receive rTMS according to its approval. Half of the patients will be randomized to a psychological intervention, which is a comprehensive medical consultation aiming to improve positive treatment expectations; the control group will receive a conventional informed consent discussion (in the sense of a treatment-as-usual condition). As outcome parameters, instruments for both self-assessment and external assessment of depression symptoms will be applied. Furthermore, psycho-immunological parameters such as inflammation markers and the cortisol awakening response in saliva will be investigated. Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs fMRI) will be performed to analyze functional connectivity, including the cerebellum, and to identify neuronal predictors of expectation effects. In addition, possible cerebellar involvement will be assessed based on a cerebellar-dependent motor learning paradigm (i.e., eyeblink conditioning). Discussion: In this study, the effects of treatment expectations towards rTMS are investigated in patients with MDD. The aim of this study is to identify the mechanisms underlying the expectation effects and, beyond that, to expand the potential of non-invasive and well-tolerated treatments of MDD. Trial registration: German Registry of Clinical Studies (DRKS DRKS00028017. Registered on 2022/03/07. URL: https://www.drks.de/drks_web/ .
The antidepressant effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS): study protocol for a randomized double-blind sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) when applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to be equally effective and safe to treat depression compared to traditional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) paradigms. This protocol describes a funded single-centre, double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled, clinical trial to investigate the antidepressive effects of iTBS and factors associated with an antidepressive response. Methods: In this trial, outpatients (N = 96, aged 22–65 years) meeting the diagnostic criteria for at least moderate depression (Montgomery and Aasberg Depression Rating Scale score ≥ 20) will be enrolled prospectively and receive ten, once-a-day sessions of either active iTBS or sham iTBS to the left DLPFC, localized via a neuronavigation system. Participants may have any degree of treatment resistance. Prior to stimulation, participants will undergo a thorough safety screening and a brief diagnostic assessment, genetic analysis of brain-derived neurotropic factor, 5-HTTLPR and 5-HT1A, and cerebral MRI assessments. A selection of neuropsychological tests and questionnaires will be administered prior to stimulation and after ten stimulations. An additional follow-up will be conducted 4 weeks after the last stimulation. The first participant was enrolled on June 4, 2022. Study completion will be in December 2027. The project is approved by the Regional Ethical Committee of Medicine and Health Sciences, Northern Norway, project number 228765. The trial will be conducted according to Good Clinical Practice and published safety guidelines on rTMS treatment. Discussion: The aims of the present trial are to investigate the antidepressive effect of a 10-session iTBS protocol on moderately depressed outpatients and to explore the factors that can explain the reduction in depressive symptoms after iTBS but also a poorer response to the treatment. In separate, but related work packages, the trial will assess how clinical, cognitive, brain imaging and genetic measures at baseline relate to the variability in the antidepressive effects of iTBS. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05516095. Retrospectively registered on August 25, 2022.
Cenobamate in refractory epilepsy: Overview of treatment options and practical considerations$$$ Management of drug resistant epilepsy (DRE) represents a challenge to the treating clinician. This manuscript addresses DRE and provides an overview of treatment options, medical, surgical, and dietary. It addresses treatment strategies in polytherapy, then focuses on the role cenobamate (CNB) may play in reducing the burden of DRE while providing practical advice for its introduction. CNB is a recently approved, third generation, anti-seizure medication (ASM), a tetrazole-derived carbamate, thought to have a dual mechanism of action, through its effect on sodium channels as well as on GABAA receptors at a non-benzodiazepine site. CNB, having a long half-life, is an effective add-on ASM in refractory focal epilepsy with a higher response rate and a higher seizure-freedom rate than is usually seen in regulatory clinical trials. Experience post-licensing, though still limited, supports the findings of clinical trials and is encouraging. Its spectrum of action in relation to generalized epilepsies and seizures remains to be established, and there are no data on its efficacy in monotherapy. At the time of writing, CNB has been prescribed for some 50 000 individuals with DRE and focal epilepsy. A larger number is needed to fully establish its safety profile. It should at all times be introduced slowly to minimize the risk of serious allergic drug reactions. It has clinically meaningful interactions which must be anticipated and managed to maximize tolerability and likelihood of successful treatment. Despite the above, it may well prove to be of major benefit in the treatment of many patients with drug resistant epilepsy.
A naturalistic study comparing the efficacy of unilateral and bilateral sequential theta burst stimulation in treating major depression – the U-B-D study protocol$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a prevalent mental health condition affecting millions worldwide, leading to disability and reduced quality of life. MDD poses a global health priority due to its early onset and association with other disabling conditions. Available treatments for MDD exhibit varying effectiveness, and a substantial portion of individuals remain resistant to treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), applied to the left and/or right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), is an alternative treatment strategy for those experiencing treatment-resistant MDD. The objective of this study is to investigate whether this newer form of rTMS, namely theta burst stimulation (TBS), when performed unilaterally or bilaterally, is efficacious in treatment-resistant MDD. Methods: In this naturalistic, randomized double-blinded non-inferiority trial, participants with a major depressive episode will be randomized to receive either unilateral (i.e., continuous TBS [cTBS] to the right and sham TBS to the left DLPFC) or bilateral sequential TBS (i.e., cTBS to the right and intermittent TBS [iTBS] to the left DLPFC) delivered 5 days a week for 4–6 weeks. Responders will move onto a 6-month flexible maintenance phase where TBS treatment will be delivered at a decreasing frequency depending on degree of symptom mitigation. Several clinical assessments and neuroimaging and neurophysiological biomarkers will be collected to investigate treatment response and potential associated biomarkers. A non-inferiority analysis will investigate whether bilateral sequential TBS is non-inferior to unilateral TBS and regression analyses will investigate biomarkers of treatment response. We expect to recruit a maximal of 256 participants. This trial is approved by the Research Ethics Board of The Royal's Institute of Mental Health Research (REB# 2,019,071) and will follow the Declaration of Helsinki. Findings will be published in peer-reviewed journals. Discussion: Comprehensive assessment of symptoms and neurophysiological biomarkers will contribute to understanding the differential efficacy of the tested treatment protocols, identifying biomarkers for treatment response, and shedding light into underlying mechanisms of TBS. Our findings will inform future clinical trials and aid in personalizing treatment selection and scheduling for individuals with MDD. Trial registration: The trial is registered on https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/home (#NCT04142996).
Metformin improves cognitive impairment in patients with schizophrenia: associated with enhanced functional connectivity of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex$$$ Cognitive impairment is a core feature of schizophrenia, which is aggravated by antipsychotics-induced metabolic disturbance and lacks effective pharmacologic treatments in clinical practice. Our previous study demonstrated the efficiency of metformin in alleviating metabolic disturbance following antipsychotic administration. Here we report that metformin could ameliorate cognitive impairment and improve functional connectivity (FC) in prefrontal regions. This is an open-labeled, evaluator-blinded study. Clinically stable patients with schizophrenia were randomly assigned to receive antipsychotics plus metformin (N = 48) or antipsychotics alone (N = 24) for 24 weeks. The improvement in cognition was assessed by the MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB). Its association with metabolic measurements, and voxel-wise whole-brain FC with dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) subregions as seeds were evaluated. When compared to the antipsychotics alone group, the addition of metformin resulted in significantly greater improvements in the MCCB composite score, speed of processing, working memory, verbal learning, and visual learning. A significant time × group interaction effect of increased FC between DLPFC and the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC)/middle cingulate cortex (MCC), and between DLPFC subregions were observed after metformin treatment, which was positively correlated with MCCB cognitive performance. Furthermore, the FC between left DLPFC A9/46d to right ACC/MCC significantly mediated metformin-induced speed of processing improvement; the FC between left A46 to right ACC significantly mediated metformin-induced verbal learning improvement. Collectively, these findings demonstrate that metformin can improve cognitive impairments in schizophrenia patients and is partly related to the FC changes in the DLPFC. Trial Registration: The trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03271866). The full trial protocol is provided in Supplementary Material.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Cognitive Deficits in Depression: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder is the leading cause of mental health-related burden globally and up to one-third of major depressive disorder patients never achieve remission. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation is a non-invasive intervention used to treat individuals diagnosed with major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder. Since the last transcranial direct current stimulation review specifically focusing on cognitive symptoms in major depressive disorder, twice as many papers have been published. Methods: A systematic review was conducted with 5 electronic databases from database inception until March 21, 2022. Randomized controlled trials with at least 1 arm evaluating transcranial direct current stimulation in adults (diagnosed with major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders or International Classification of Diseases criteria) aged 18 or older were included. Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines were adopted. Results: A total of 972 participants were included across 14 studies (60.5% female; mean age of 47.0 years [SD = 16.8]). Nine studies focused on participants with major depressive disorder and all studies used the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders to diagnose the participants. Seven out of the 14 studies showed significant improvements in at least 1 cognitive outcome measure in the active transcranial direct current stimulation group compared to the sham group. Several cognitive measures were used across studies, and 12 of the 14 studies reported mild-to-moderate side effects from treatment. Conclusion: Current transcranial direct current stimulation literature has shown limited evidence for the treatment of cognitive impairments in major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder. Future research that applies machine learning algorithms may enable us to distinguish responders from non-responders, increasing clinical benefits of transcranial direct current stimulation.
The effects of transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) on pain intensity of patients with fibromyalgia: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a chronic pain condition that affects millions of people worldwide. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique that has shown promise as a potential treatment for FM by modulating pain perception and reducing symptoms, such as fatigue and depression. We aimed to systematically review studies that assess the effect of tDCS on pain reduction in FM patients. Methods: Seven electronic databases (PubMed, Scopus, Embase, PsycINFO, Web of Science, Cochrane, and CINAHL Complete) were searched for records in English. Studies that measured the effect of tDCS on pain intensity in FM patients were included. The Cochrane Collaboration’s tool was used to assess the quality of the included studies. A random-effect model was preferred, and statistical analysis was performed by Stata software version 17. Results: Twenty studies were included for qualitative, and eleven for quantitative analysis. Out of 664 patients included in the study, 443 were in the stimulation group. The left M1 area was the most common stimulation target (n = 12), and 2 mA was the most common stimulation amplitude (n = 19). The analysis showed that active tDCS significantly reduced pain intensity in FM patients in comparison to the sham group (SMD= -1.55; 95% CI -2.10, -0.99); also, no publication bias was noted. Conclusion: Our systematic review highlights the potential effect of tDCS on the reduction of pain intensity in FM patients. Additionally, this current evidence could suggest that tDCS applied at an intensity of 2mA to the left M1 is the most effective strategy.
Immune mechanisms of depression in rheumatoid arthritis$$$ Depression is a common and disabling comorbidity in rheumatoid arthritis that not only decreases the likelihood of remission and treatment adherence but also increases the risk of disability and mortality in patients with rheumatoid arthritis. Compelling data that link immune mechanisms to major depressive disorder indicate possible common mechanisms that drive the pathology of the two conditions. Preclinical evidence suggests that pro-inflammatory cytokines, which are prevalent in rheumatoid arthritis, have various effects on monoaminergic neurotransmission, neurotrophic factors and measures of synaptic plasticity. Neuroimaging studies provide insight into the consequences of inflammation on the brain (for example, on neural connectivity), and clinical trial data highlight the beneficial effects of immune modulation on comorbid depression. Major depressive disorder occurs more frequently in patients with rheumatoid arthritis than in the general population, and major depressive disorder also increases the risk of a future diagnosis of rheumatoid arthritis, further highlighting the link between rheumatoid arthritis and major depressive disorder. This Review focuses on interactions between peripheral and central immunobiological mechanisms in the context of both rheumatoid arthritis and major depressive disorder. Understanding these mechanisms will provide a basis for future therapeutic development, not least in depression.
Theta-burst stimulation for the treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression$$$ Recently, we have approached the recent systematic review conducted by Qin et al. (2023) (doi:10.1016/j.jad.2023.08.065) on the efficacy and safety of bilateral theta burst stimulation (TBS) for patients experiencing acute unipolar or bipolar depressive episodes with great interest. This meta-analysis is both timely and well-organized; however, we harbor reservations regarding the methodological rigor employed. In this critique, we have identified four concerns pertaining to the content of this article. We anticipate that the authors will acknowledge our remarks and provide a response, thereby enhancing the scholarly rigor and comprehensiveness of this meta-analysis. Furthermore, addressing these concerns will facilitate a better comprehension of the application bottleneck of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in depression, while also stimulating further contemplation and inspiration among readers.
Early effects predict trajectories of response to esketamine in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: The efficacy of esketamine in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) has been confirmed. However, its administration is expensive and restrictive, with limited knowledge on how long the treatment should be continued. Predicting the treatment outcome would benefit patients and alleviate the global treatment cost. We aimed to define distinct trajectories of treatment response and assess their predictability. Methods: In this longitudinal study, two independent samples of patients with unipolar or bipolar TRD were treated with esketamine in real-world settings. Depression severity was assessed using the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) before each esketamine administration. Latent class analyses were used to define trajectories of response. Results: In the original sample (N = 50), we identified two classes whose trajectories depicted response and non-response, respectively. The model was validated in the confirmatory sample (N = 55). Class membership was influenced by a few baseline characteristics such as concomitant benzodiazepine medication, number of depressive episodes or polarity. On the other hand, after only two esketamine administrations, the MADRS score predicted the 90-day trajectory of response with an accuracy of 80 %. Limitations: This observational study is not placebo-controlled. Therefore, its results and their generalizability need to be confirmed in experimental settings. Conclusions: After the first administrations of esketamine, the MADRS score has a good capacity to predict the most plausible trajectory of response. While thresholds and their predictive values need to be confirmed, this finding suggests that clinicians could base on MADRS scores their decision to discontinue treatment because of poor remaining chances of treatment response.
Transcranial direct current stimulation as treatment for major depression in a home treatment setting (HomeDC trial): study protocol and methodology of a double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study$$$ Introduction: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of prefrontal cortex regions has been reported to exert therapeutic effects in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Due to its beneficial safety profile, its easy mode of application, and its cost-effectiveness, tDCS has recently been proposed for treatment at home. This would offer new chances for regionally widespread and long-term application. However, tDCS at home must meet the new methodological challenges of handling and adherence. At the same time, data from randomized controlled trials (RCT) investigating this mode of application are still lacking. In this pilot RCT, we therefore investigate the feasibility, safety, and effectiveness of a new antidepressant tDCS application set-up. Methods and analysis: The HomeDC trial will be conducted as a double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group design trial. Thirty-two study participants with MDD will be randomly assigned to active or sham tDCS groups. Participants will self-administer prefrontal tDCS for 6 weeks. Active tDCS will be conducted with anode over F3, cathode over F4, for 5 sessions/week, with a duration of 30 min/day, and 2 mA stimulation intensity. Sham tDCS, conversely, follows an identical protocol in regard to electrode montage and timing, but with no electric stimulation between the ramp-in and ramp-out periods. Both conditions will be administered either as a monotherapy or an adjunctive treatment to a stable dose of antidepressant medication. Adjunctive magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and electric field (E-field) modelling will be conducted at baseline. Primary outcome is feasibility based on successfully completed stimulations and drop-out rates. The intervention is considered feasible when 20 out of 30 sessions have been fully conducted by at least 75% of the participants. Effectiveness and safety will be assessed as secondary outcomes. Discussion: In the HomeDC trial, the technical requirements for a placebo-controlled tDCS study in a home-based treatment setting have been established. The trial addresses the crucial points of the home-based tDCS treatment approach: uniform electrode positioning, frequent monitoring of stimulation parameters, adherence, and ensuring an appropriate home treatment environment. This study will further identify constraints and drawbacks of this novel mode of treatment. Trial registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov . Trial registration number: NCT05172505. Registration date: 12/13/2021.
Exploring the effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation on quality of sleep in Parkinson’s disease$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive therapeutic approach that targets particular brain regions that had been used and displayed significant impact in various neurological disorders. This study aimed to explore if high-frequency (HF) rTMS over the parietal cortex could influence sleep quality in Parkinson's disease (PD). Methods: This was a prospective sham-controlled study conducted on 40 individuals with PD. The enrolled patients were examined with Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS-III) and Modified Hoehn and Yahr Staging Scale (H&Y staging) for motor disability evaluation and staging. Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) was used for sleep quality and Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) for excessive daytime sleepiness and Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) for depression. Patients were classified into 2 groups: patients who underwent real-rTMS positioned over their bilateral parietal cortex. 100% of the motor threshold. Patients had a total of 12 sessions, one every other day. Another group received sham rTMS. Results: The patients receiving active rTMS showed significant improvement in UPDRS-III, PSQI, ESS, and BDI-II immediately after the sessions and 1 month later. The follow-up PSQI had a significant positive correlation with the baseline BDI-II (r = 0.88, P = 0.001), H&Y staging (r = 0.78, P = 0.001), and UPDRS-III (r = 0.78, p = 0.001). Multivariate linear regression analysis exhibited that the age of the patients was a significant predictor of sleep quality. Conclusion: HF rTMS over the parietal cortex had shown a significant impact on sleep quality by the modulation of affected brain areas and by improving concomitant motor and mood manifestations.
Breathing Practices for Stress and Anxiety Reduction: Conceptual Framework of Implementation Guidelines Based on a Systematic Review of the Published Literature$$$ Anxiety and stress plague populations worldwide. Voluntary regulated breathing practices offer a tool to address this epidemic. We examined peer-reviewed published literature to understand effective approaches to and implementation of these practices. PubMed and ScienceDirect were searched to identify clinical trials evaluating isolated breathing-based interventions with psychometric stress/anxiety outcomes. Two independent reviewers conducted all screening and data extraction. Of 2904 unique articles, 731 abstracts, and 181 full texts screened, 58 met the inclusion criteria. Fifty-four of the studies’ 72 interventions were effective. Components of effective and ineffective interventions were evaluated to develop a conceptual framework of factors associated with stress/anxiety reduction effectiveness. Effective breath practices avoided fast-only breath paces and sessions <5 min, while including human-guided training, multiple sessions, and long-term practice. Population, other breath paces, session duration ≥5 min, and group versus individual or at-home practices were not associated with effectiveness. Analysis of interventions that did not fit this framework revealed that extensive standing, interruptions, involuntary diaphragmatic obstruction, and inadequate training for highly technical practices may render otherwise promising interventions ineffective. Following this evidence-based framework can help maximize the stress/anxiety reduction benefits of breathing practices. Future research is warranted to further refine this easily accessible intervention for stress/anxiety relief.
Efficacy of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on Cognition, Anxiety, and Mobility in Community-Dwelling Older Individuals: A Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has gained popularity as a method of modulating cortical excitability in people with physical and mental disabilities. However, there is a lack of consensus on its effectiveness in older individuals. This study aimed to assess the efficacy of a 2-month tDCS program for improving physical and mental performance in community-dwelling older individuals. In this single-blinded, controlled clinical trial, forty-two participants were allocated to one of three groups: (1) the tDCS group, which received, twice a week, 20 min sessions of 2 mA electric current through electrodes placed on the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; (2) the tDCS-placebo group, which underwent the same electrode placement as the tDCS group but without actual electric stimulation; and (3) the cognitive-control group, which completed crossword puzzles. Main outcome measures were cognition, mobility, and anxiety. Multivariate analyses of variance were employed. Significance was set at 5% (p < 0.05). Regarding the results, no significant benefits were observed in the tDCS group compared with the tDCS-placebo or cognitive-control groups for cognition (p = 0.557), mobility (p = 0.871), or anxiety (p = 0.356). Cognition exhibited positive oscillations during the assessments (main effect of time: p = 0.001). However, given that all groups showed similar variations in cognitive scores (main effect of group: p = 0.101; group × time effect: p = 0.557), it is more likely that the improvement reflects the learning response of the participants to the cognitive tests rather than the effect of tDCS. In conclusion, a 2-month tDCS program with two sessions per week appears to be ineffective in improving physical and mental performance in community-dwelling older individuals. Further studies are necessary to establish whether or not tDCS is effective in healthy older individuals.
Targeting right orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can improve cognitive executive function in a major depressive episode, but not depressive mood: A Double-blind Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has emerged as a potential treatment for major depressive episodes (MDE). This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of targeting the right orbitofrontal cortex (rOFC) with tDCS in improving depressed mood and cognitive function in patients with depression. A double-blind, randomized sham-controlled trial was conducted in which 70 patients with depression were randomly assigned to receive rOFC-tDCS (n = 24), left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) tDCS (n = 23), or SHAM (n = 23). The treatment course consisted of ten treatments (2 mA, 20 min) delivered over two weeks. Participants were then given once-a-week interventions for the next two weeks. The Hamilton Depression Scale 17 evaluated the severity of depressive symptoms, while the cognitive function was assessed using the Stroop Color-Word Test (SCWT) and the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST). The primary outcomes were evaluated following ten interventions, with the assessment additionally conducted after maintenance treatment and 4-week follow-up visits. Analyses were performed using linear mixed models. The trial was registered with ChiCTR2000034671. The study did not reveal antidepressant efficacy for rOFC-tDCS or lDLPFC-tDCS over SHAM. Cognitive performance improved for rOFC -tDCS and lDLPFC-tDCS compared to sham for response time on the SWCT and non-perseverative errors in the WCST. However, no statistically significant difference was observed between the two active stimulation groups concerning cognitive performance-enhancing effects. No serious adverse events were noted. In conclusion, while rOFC-tDCS did not present advantages for mood outcomes over lDLPFC-tDCS and SHAM, it may have promising effectiveness in cognitive executive function compared to SHAM.
Comparison of 60-minute vs 30-minute transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in major depressive disorder: Effects on depression suicidal ideation and anxiety$$$ We investigated whether changes through doubling the duration of each tDCS session would increase efficacy of tDCS for depression. tDCS was applied for 10 sessions, followed by two additional weekly sessions. 63 patients with MDD underwent randomization, with 22 being assigned to 60-min/d group, 25 to 30 min/d group, and 16 to sham group. HAMD-17 reductive ratios at week 2 and 4 were of no significant differences among treatment groups. 60 min group had a greater decrease in anxiety compared to 30 min group and sham group based on HAMA at 4 weeks but only in the completer analysis, not in ITT analysis.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial random noise stimulation on working memory and task-related EEG in major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: To compare effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and transcranial random noise stimulation with a direct-current offset (tRNS + DC-offset) on working memory (WM) performance and task-related electroencephalography (EEG) in individuals with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). Methods: Using a sham-controlled, parallel-groups design, 49 participants with MDD received either anodal tDCS (N = 16), high-frequency tRNS + DC-offset (N = 16), or sham stimulation (N = 17) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for 20-minutes. The Sternberg WM task was completed with concurrent EEG recording before and at 5- and 25-minutes post-stimulation. Event-related synchronisation/desynchronisation (ERS/ERD) was calculated for theta, upper alpha, and gamma oscillations during WM encoding and maintenance. Results: tDCS significantly increased parieto-occipital upper alpha ERS/ERD during WM maintenance, observed on EEG recorded 5- and 25-minutes post-stimulation. tRNS + DC-offset did not significantly alter WM-related oscillatory activity when compared to sham stimulation. Neither tDCS nor tRNS + DC-offset improved WM performance to a significantly greater degree than sham stimulation. Conclusions: Although tDCS induced persistent effects on WM-related oscillatory activity, neither tDCS nor tRNS + DC-offset enhanced WM performance in MDD. Significance: This reflects the first sham-controlled comparison of tDCS and tRNS + DC-offset in MDD. These findings directly contrast with evidence of tRNS-induced enhancements in WM in healthy individuals.
A Pilot Study of Adjunctive Group Therapy to Enhance Coping with Cognitive Challenges and Support Cognitive Health after Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Objectives Concerns about the cognitive adverse effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are common among recipients of the treatment despite its relatively small adverse effects on cognitive functioning. Interventions aimed at remediating or improving coping with cognitive adverse effects of ECT have not been developed. The Enhancing Cognitive Domains after ECT (ENCODE) program is a new group intervention aimed at teaching self-management strategies to cope with the cognitive challenges and associated anxiety that often accompanies ECT. Methods This pilot study used a pretest-posttest design to examine the feasibility and clinical utility of delivering ENCODE to 20 adults who had received ECT in a hospital-based ECT program. Results The program was found to be both feasible and acceptable as indicated by the attainment of recruitment targets, high rates of attendance (85% of participants attended at least 5 of the 6 group sessions), and high participant satisfaction ratings (88% reported that ENCODE helped or helped very much to manage their cognitive challenges). The clinical utility of the program was suggested by reductions in depressive symptom severity and subjective memory complaints. Nonsignificant improvements were observed in global cognitive function and cognitive self-efficacy. Conclusions This study provides preliminary evidence for the feasibility and clinical utility of ENCODE based on program demand, strong participant satisfaction, and postgroup reductions in distress and subjective memory complaints.
Subanesthetic Dose of Ketamine Administered before Each Electroconvulsive Therapy Session Improves Antidepressant and Sleep Quality Outcomes: A Randomized, Controlled Trial$$$ Objectives The main purpose of this trial is to explore the effects of subanesthetic dose of ketamine on sleep quality and symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder undergoing bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods Seventy-one patients with major depressive disorder and sleep disturbance were randomly divided into 2 groups, namely, the ECT without ketamine group (group ES), receiving routine ECT and saline (3 mL) at each ECT session, and the ECT-assisted ketamine group (group KS), which received ECT and ketamine (3 mL) at each ECT session. The 24 Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was used to assess depressive symptoms and the Chinese Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index was used to evaluate sleep quality. Results The patients in group KS required shorter ECT treatment sessions. Patients in group ES had lower sleep efficiency, longer sleep latency, and required more sleep medication than patients in group KS at the end of the ECT course. Conclusions Subanesthetic dose of ketamine improved sleep quality and enhanced ECT therapeutic effects in patients with sleep disturbance.
Risk of Depression in People With Human Immunodeficiency Virus: A Nationwide Population-based Matched Cohort Study$$$ Background: Human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) infection is associated with depression. However, previous studies have not addressed familial factors. Methods: Nationwide, population-based, matched cohort study of people with HIV (PWH) in Denmark between 1995 and 2021 who were matched on sex and date of birth with a comparison cohort randomly selected from the Danish population. Family-related factors were examined by inclusion of siblings of those in the cohorts. We calculated hazard ratios (HRs) for depression, receipt of antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and suicide, as well as the yearly proportions of study cohorts with psychiatric hospital contact due to depression and receipt of antidepressants from 10 years before to 10 years after study inclusion. Results: We included 5943 PWH and 59 430 comparison cohort members. Median age was 38 years, and 25% were women. We observed an increased risk of depression, receipt of antidepressants, ECT, and suicide among PWH in the 2 first years of observation (HR, 3.3; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.5-4.4), HR, 3.0 (95% CI: 2.7-3.4), HR, 2.8 (95% CI:. 9-8.6), and HR, 10.7 (95% CI: 5.2-22.2), thereafter the risk subsided but remained increased. The proportions of PWH with psychiatric hospital contact due to depression and receipt of antidepressants were increased prior to and especially after HIV diagnosis. Risk of all outcomes was substantially lower among siblings of PWH than among PWH (HR for receipt of antidepressants, 1.1; 95% CI: 1.0-1.2). Conclusions: PWH have an increased risk of depression. Family-related factors are unlikely to explain this risk.
Targeting the prefrontal-supplementary motor network in obsessive-compulsive disorder with intensified electrical stimulation in two dosages: A randomized, controlled trial$$$ Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) is associated with a high disease burden, and treatment options are limited. We used intensified electrical stimulation in two dosages to target a main circuitry associated with the pathophysiology of OCD, left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (l-DLPFC) and supplementary motor area (SMA) and assessed clinical outcomes, neuropsychological performance and brain physiology. In a double-blind, randomized-controlled trial, thirty-nine patients with OCD were randomized to sham, 2-mA or 1-mA transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) targeting the l-DLPFC (F3) and SMA (FC2) with anodal and cathodal stimulation respectively. The treatment included 10 sessions of 20-minute stimulation delivered twice per day with 20-min between-session intervals. Outcome measures were reduction in OCD symptoms, anxiety and depressive states, performance on a neuropsychological test battery of response inhibition, working memory, attention, and oscillatory brain activities and functional connectivity. All outcome measures except EEG were examined at pre-intervention, post-intervention and 1-month follow-up times. The 2-mA protocol significantly reduced OCD symptoms, anxiety, depression states, and improved quality of life after the intervention up to 1-month follow-up compared to the sham group, while the 1-mA protocol reduced OCD symptoms only in the follow-up and depressive state immediately after and 1-month following the intervention. Both protocols partially improved response inhibition and the 2-mA protocol reduced attention bias to OCD-related stimuli and improved reaction time in working memory performance. Both protocols increased alpha oscillatory power and the 2-mA intensified protocol decreased delta power as well. Both protocols increased connectivity in higher frequency bands at frontal-central areas compared to the sham. Modulation of the prefrontal-supplementary motor network with intensified tDCS ameliorates OCD clinical symptoms and results in beneficial cognitive effects. The 2-mA intensified stimulation resulted in larger symptom reduction and improved more converging outcome variables related to therapeutic efficacy. These results support applying the intensified prefrontal-SMA tDCS in larger trials.
An independent audit of electroconvulsive therapy patient information leaflets in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the accuracy of patient information leaflets about electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) used in Northern Ireland, Scotland and Wales, and their compliance with the principle of informed consent. DESIGN AND METHODS: To replicate an audit in England, Freedom of Information Act requests were sent to the 26 providers of ECT for their ECT patient information leaflet. These were scored, by two independent raters, on the same 40-item accuracy measure used in the England audit. RESULTS: The number of accurate statements (out of a possible 29) ranged from seven to 20, with a mean of 16.9. The most frequently omitted statements included: cardiovascular risks (mentioned by five leaflets), that it is not known how ECT works (3), risk of mortality (2), risks from multiple general anaesthetic procedures (2), how to access a legal advocate (2) and that that there is no evidence of long-term benefits (1). The leaflets made between six and nine inaccurate statements (out of 11) with a mean of 7.0. Nineteen minimised memory loss, blamed the memory loss on depression, claimed that ECT is the 'most effective treatment' and asserted it has very high response rates without mentioning similar placebo response rates. All 23 leaflets wrongly told patients that ECT saves lives. CONCLUSIONS: Electroconvulsive therapy information leaflets in these three nations are barely more accurate than those in England and do not comply with the ethical principle of informed consent. Patients and families across the UK are systematically being misled about the risks they are taking and the limited nature of ECT's benefits.
Efficacy Of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation For Depressive Episode Disorders$$$ Introduction: Depression is a general term that describes different depressive disorders which are highly prevalent and disabling, characterized by decreases in quality of life. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain modulation technique used, among other purposes, for the treatment of chronic pain and headache. In order to clarify the effect of this stimulation on depressive disorders, the objective of this review was to evaluate efficacy and safety of treatment with tDCS for depressive disorders. Methods: A systematic research study was carried out on 30 June 2022 in MEDLINE (by Pubmed), Embase, Literatura Latino- Americana e do Caribe em Ciências da Saúde (LILACS), PsycInfo e Global Mental Health databases. Were included systematic reviews (SR) with meta-analysis that selected patients with depression, in use of tDCS, using as comparator sham stimulation (placebo) or any other treatment (pharmacologic or no) or any comparison between pre-and post-intervention. Results: Eight SR with meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) on the efficacy and safety of tDCS in the treatment of depressive disorders were retrieved. Subjects were assessed for clinical response, remission, change in scores on depression scales, occurrence of procedure-related adverse events, and treatment dropout. Three systematic reviews showed results that point to the effectiveness of tDCS for the clinical response outcome and one considering the remission outcome. As for the outcome measured by the change in depression scale scores, all included reviews showed favorable results for tDCS. It is noteworthy that the studies included in the reviews have methodological limitations. With regard to safety, an increased risk treatment-emergent mania or hypomania (TEM) has been observed. Conclusions: The tDCS association with antidepressants showed favorable results to this technology in a sample with depression and varied clinical characteristics. Regarding safety of this technology, tDCS did not show adverse effects of greater severity, but was verified to have an increased risk of TEM..
Intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment of behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia in Alzheimer's disease and its effect on the use of antipsychotics - study protocol$$$ Behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD), such as agitation, psychosis and depression, develop in the majority of patients with Alzheimer's disease in the progression of the disease. The management of BPSD, especially in the hospital setting, frequently includes psychopharmacotherapy, particularly second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs). These are associated with significant side effects. In recent years, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and its accelerated protocols, continuous and intermittent theta burst stimulation (cTBS, iTBS), have proven effective in treating depression. There have also been published studies that showed their effectiveness in Alzheimer's disease, in both cognition and BPSD. We will conduct a 6 week, double-blind, randomized, controlled trial in patients with Alzheimer's disease and BPSD, hospitalized at the University Psychiatric Clinic Ljubljana. The patients in the stimulated group will receive iTBS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for five days a week, for two consecutive weeks. The patients in the sham group will have the exact same procedural protocol, but will receive sham stimulation form the sham coil. We will evaluate BPSD before and after protocol using various clinical scales. We will look if the doses of the prescribe SGAs in the stimulated group differ from the placebo group and, if so, if the difference persists at the follow-up after four weeks.
Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPFC) in Dementia with Lewy Bodies (DLB)$$$ Introduction: tDCS application to the DLPFC is associated with the improvements of executive function, memory enhancement, language, processing speed, global cognitive symptoms and apathy over time after treatment. DLB is the second most common form of degenerative dementia. There is no FDA-approved medications that can slow, stop or improve the progression of cognitive declines in DLB. Identifying effective treatments is a critical issue for DLB. In neuropathology, extracelluar α-syn oligomers interfere with the expression of long-term potentiation(LTP), and influence memory and learning. tDCS has been proposed to affect long-term synaptic plasticity through LTP and longterm depression, thereby improving cognitive ability. So far, only two studies have evaluated the effect of tDCS in DLB. In this pilot study, we investigate the effect of tDCS on left DLPFC in DLB. Method: Fourteen DLB aged 55-90 years (mean age 76.4, with 4 males and 10 females) were included in a doubleblind, randomized, sham-controlled cross over design study. DLB diagnostics is according to DSM-5 criteria. CDR ratings for DLB participants ranged from 0.5 to 2. The active tDCS (or sham) process consists of daily sessions of active tDCS (or sham) for 10 consecutive days. The anodal electrode was placed over the left DLPFC and the cathodal electrode was placed over the right supraorbital area, with a current intensity of 2 mA and an electrode size of 25 cm2 for 30 min in a session. Before and after these treatment sessions, all subjects received a series of neuropsychological tests, including CDR, MMSE, CASI, NPI and WCST. Chi-square test, Wilcoxon signed ranks test and Mann-Whitney U test were used to assess differences in participant demographic characteristics and to compare differences among groups Results: The active tDCS group showed significant improvements on the three items of CASI, 'language ability', 'concentration and calculation', 'categorical verbal fluency', after active stimulations. There is no improvement in MMSE, CASI, NPI and WCST scores in the sham groups. Conclusion: These results suggest that left DLPFC anodal, and right deltoid cathodal tDCS, may have some cognitive benefits in DLB. Larger-scale trials are needed to confirm the effect of tDCS in DLB.
Esketamine in the elderly-is it efficient and safe?$$$ Background: elderly patients are significantly impacted by MDD and are less responsive to treatment. ECT is used more often in older patients but has its drawbacks. There is a need for for novel antidepressants. Esketamine, is a FDA approved novel treatment to treatment resistant depression(TRD). Studies of esketamine nasal spray administered with a newly initiated oral antidepressant in TRD aged patients 18-64 years demonstrated rapid onset versus a newly initiated oral antidepressant plus placebo, with maintenance of the treatment effects following long term intermittent dosing. Side effects are dose related, psychotomimetic dissociative, elevation in HR+BP, cognitive impairment, hepatotoxicity and inflammation of bladder endothelium. Objective: to review the current data regarding esketimine treatment in elderly TRD patients. Results: beside several case reports only 2 RCTs checked efficiency and safety in elderly patients. A pilot RCT of titrated subcutaneous ketamine in older patients with TRD was conducted in 2017. 16 participants> 60 years with TRD who relapsed after remission or did not remit in the RCT were than administered an open label phase. Up to 5 doses of ketamine (0.1 to 0.5 mg\kg) were administered with midazolam as an active control, randomly inserted. 12 ketamine treatments were given in separate sessions at least 1 week apart. Remitters in each phase were followed up for 6 months with MADRS scale. Results provided evidence for the efficacy and safety of ketamine in treating elderly depressed. There was a significant improvement in all ketamine dosages apart from 0.1 mg/kg. 7 participants reached remission. 5/7 had relapse than entered open trial and remitted again. Ochs-Ross, et al 2020 study,138 patients with TRD> 65 years received flexibly dosed esketamine nasal spray and new antidepressant or new antidepressant with placebo. The groups did not achieve statistical significance in MADRS score change from baseline to day 28. Patients with earlier onset of depression and younger patients (65- 74) showed greater response to treatment. Conclusion: Esketamine is safe in elderly TRD patients. There is not enough evidence to conclude if it is efficient. It seems that patients younger than 75 and with earlier onset of depression might benefit from esketamine.
Home-based transcranial direct current stimulation RCT in major depression$$$ Background Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as a novel treatment in major depressive disorder (MDD). However, efficacy and safety of home-based tDCS treatment have not been investigated. Methods Fully remote, multisite, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized superiority trial of home-based tDCS treatment in MDD was conducted in UK and USA. Participants were adults 18 years or older, having MDD diagnosis based on DSM-5 criteria, in current depressive episode of at least moderate severity, measured by score >=16 on 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), without treatment resistant depression history. Protocol was 10-week blinded phase: 5 tDCS sessions per week for 3 weeks then 3 sessions per week for 7 weeks; followed by 10-week open label phase. tDCS montage was bifrontal, 30-minute sessions, active tDCS 2 mA, and sham tDCS 0 mA with brief ramp up and down to mimic active device. Primary outcome was HDRS change at week 10 in modified intention-to-treat analysis. Results 174 MDD participants were randomized: active (n=87; mean age 37.1 + 11.1 years) and sham (n=87; mean age 38.3 + 10.9 years) treatment. Significant improvement in HDRS was observed in active (9.4 + 6.25 points) relative to sham treatment (7.1 + 6.10 points) (95% CI 0.5 to 4.0, p = 0.012), with no differences in discontinuation rates between active (n=13) and sham (n=12). Conclusions Home-based tDCS with remote supervision is a potential first line treatment for MDD that is acceptable and safe. Consideration of continuing effective safety monitoring is required.
Effect of prior pharmacotherapy on remission with sequential bilateral theta-burst versus standard bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant late-life depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is used for treatment of late-life depression. In the FOUR-D study, sequential bilateral theta-burst stimulation (TBS) had comparable remission rates to standard bilateral rTMS. Data were analysed from the FOUR-D trial to compare remission rates between two types of rTMS based on the number and class of prior medication trials. The remission rate was higher in participants with ≤1 previous trial (43.9%) than in participants with 2 previous trials (26.5%) or ≥3 previous trials (24.6%; χ² = 6.36, d.f. = 2, P = 0.04). Utilising rTMS earlier in late-life depression may lead to better outcomes.
Immediate effects of multimodal cognitive therapy in mild cognitive impairment$$$ BACKGROUND: Current therapeutic evidence suggests limited efficacy of the cognitive and exercise training in mild cognitive impairment (MCI) on depression, anxiety, memory retention, comprehension, calculation, concentration, orientation, dual-task performance, and sleep disorders. Nevertheless, the immediate effects of multimodal cognitive therapy (MCT) have recently developed and its individual effects remains unknown in MCI. OBJECTIVE: This study aimed to compare the immediate effects of MCT on cognitive and psychological measures between young healthy and older adults with MCI. METHODS: Forty young healthy and older adults with MCI underwent immediate MCT (5 minutes each), including transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), light therapy, computerized cognitive therapy (CCT), robotic-assisted gait training (RAGT), core breathing exercises (CBE), and music therapy. Outcome measures included memory retention, comprehension, calculation, attention, orientation, dual-task performance, awareness, depression, anxiety, and sleep disorders. The Mann-Whitney U test and Friedman’s test were used at P < 0.05. RESULTS: Significant differences in depression, anxiety, memory retention, comprehension, calculation, attention, orientation, dual-task performance, and awareness were observed between the tDCS, CCT, and music therapy groups (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: MCT was beneficial for mitigating depression, anxiety, memory retention, comprehension, calculation, attention, orientation, dual-task performance, and awareness.
Action mechanism of vinpocetine in improving learning and memory disorders in depressive rats after МЕСТ$$$ Objective To explore the action mechanism of vinpocetine in improving learning and memory disorders in depressive rats after modified electroconvulsive therapy (МЕСТ) . Methods The models of depressive rats were constructed by chronic unpredictable mild stress (CUMS) method. A total of 30 rats with depression were randomly divided into depression group, МЕСТ group, and MECT+vinpocetine (10 mg/kg) group, with 10 in each group. A total of 10 untreated healthy rats were enrolled as control group. The learning and memory ability were tested by Morris water maze test and novel object recognition test. The depression state was evaluated by sugar preference test. The brain slices of the hippocampus were prepared for electrophysiological experiments. The density of dendritic spine was detected by Golgi staining. The expressions of endocannabinoids related genes [diacylglycerol lipase (DAGLa), monoacylglycerol lipase (MAGL), and endocannabinoid type-I receptor (CBIR)] were detected by qPCR and Western blotting. The lentivirus was injected to downregulate the expressions of CBIR and DAGLa in the hippocampus. After re-modeling and treatment, behavioral tests were performed. Results Compared with control group, sugar preference, spatial exploration time, relative discrimination index, long-term potentiation (LTP), density of dendritic spine, expressions of DAGLa and CBIR were decreased, while escape latency and MAGL were increased in depression group (P < 0 . 0 5) . Compared with depression group, sugar preference, escape latency, and MAGL were increased, while spatial exploration time, relative discrimination index, LTP, density of dendritic spine, expressions of DAGLa and CBIR were decreased in МЕСТ group (P < 0 . 0 5) . Compared with depression group, sugar preference, spatial exploration time, relative discrimination index, LTP, density of dendritic spine, expressions of DAGLa and CBIR were increased, while escape latency and MAGL were decreased in MECT+vinpocetine group (P < 0 . 0 5) . Compared with МЕСТ group, sugar preference, spatial exploration time, relative discrimination index, LTP, density of dendritic spine, expressions of DAGLa and CBIR were increased, while escape latency and MAGL were decreased in MECT + vinpocetine group (P < 0 . 0 5) . The down-regulation of DAGLa or CBIR by lentivirus could inhibit the improvement effect of vinpocetine on behavioral performance of depressive rats after МЕСТ. Conclusion Vinpocetine can significantly improve learning and memory disorders in depressive rats after МЕСТ, which may be related to regulating the expressions of endocannabinoid-related genes and enhancing synaptic plasticity.
Treatable traits for long COVID$$$ Long COVID, or post-acute COVID-19 sequelae, is experienced by an estimated one in eight adults following acute COVID-19. Long COVID is a new and complex chronic health condition that typically includes multiple symptoms that cross organ systems and fluctuate over time; a one-size-fits-all approach is, therefore, not likely to be appropriate nor relevant for long COVID treatment. ‘Treatable Traits’ is a personalized medicine approach, purpose-built to address the complexity and heterogeneity of complex chronic conditions. This comprehensive review aimed to understand how a treatable traits approach could be applied to long COVID, by first identifying the most prevalent long COVID treatable traits and then the available evidence for strategies to target these traits. An umbrella review of 22 systematic reviews identified 34 symptoms and complications common with long COVID, grouped into eight long COVID treatable trait clusters: neurological, chest, psychological, pain, fatigue, sleep impairment, functional impairment and other. A systematic review of randomized control trials identified 18 studies that explored different intervention approaches for long COVID prevention (k = 4) or management (k = 14). While a single study reported metformin as effective for long COVID prevention, the findings need to be replicated and consensus is required around how to define long COVID as a clinical trial endpoint. For long COVID management, current evidence supports exercise training or respiratory muscle training for long COVID treatable traits in the chest and functional limitation clusters. While there are studies exploring interventions targeting other long COVID treatable traits, further high-quality RCTs are needed, particularly targeting treatable traits in the clusters of fatigue, psychological, pain and sleep impairment.
Personalized, parcel-guided rTMS for the treatment of major depressive disorder: Safety and proof of concept$$$ Background: Not all patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) benefit from the US Food and Drug Administration-approved use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We may be undertreating depression with this one-size-fits-all rTMS strategy. Methods: We present a retrospective review of targeted and connectome-guided rTMS in 26 patients from Cingulum Health from 2020 to 2023 with MDD or MDD with associated symptoms. rTMS was conducted by identifying multiple cortical targets based on anomalies in individual functional connectivity networks as determined by machine learning connectomic software. Quality of life assessed by the EuroQol (EQ-5D) score and depression symptoms assessed by the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) were administered prior to treatment, directly after, and at a follow-up consultation. Results: Of the 26 patients treated with rTMS, 16 (62%) attained remission after treatment. Of the 19 patients who completed follow-up assessments after an average interval of 2.6 months, 11 (58%) responded to treatment and 13 (68%) showed significant remission. Between patients classified with or without treatment-resistant depression, there was no difference in BDI improvement. Additionally, there was significant improvement in quality of life after treatment and during follow-up compared to baseline. Limitations: This review is retrospective in nature, so there is no control group to assess the placebo effect on patient outcomes. Conclusion: The personalized, connectome-guided approach of rTMS is safe and may be effective for depression. This personalized rTMS treatment allows for co-treatment of multiple disorders, such as the comorbidity of depression and anxiety.
Bilateral theta burst stimulation for patients with acute unipolar or bipolar depressive episodes: A systematic review of randomized controlled studies$$$ Objective: This meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluated the overall efficacy and safety of bilateral theta-burst stimulation (TBS) as an intervention for patients with mood disorders. Methods: A systematic search (up to December 7, 2022) of RCTs was conducted to address the study aims. A random-effects meta-analysis was performed by including study-defined responses and remission as primary outcomes. Results: Analyses included six RCTs comprising 285 participants with major depressive disorder (MDD) (n = 233) or a depressive episode in the course of bipolar disorder (BD) (n = 52) who had undergone active bilateral TBS (n = 142) versus sham stimulation (n = 143). Active bilateral TBS outperformed sham stimulation with respect to study-defined improvements (55.1 % versus 20.3 %, 4 RCTs, n = 152, 95%CI: 1.63 to 4.39, P < 0.0001; I2 = 0 %) and remission rates (37.2 % versus 14.3 %, 2 RCTs, n = 85, 95%CI: 1.13 to 5.95, P = 0.02; I2 = 0 %) in MDD patients but not those with bipolar or unipolar mixed depression. Superiority of active bilateral TBS over sham stimulation was confirmed for improvements in depressive symptoms at post-bilateral TBS assessments and 8-week follow-ups in patients with either MDD or mixed depression (all P < 0.05). Discontinuation rates due to any reason and adverse events (i.e., headache, dizziness) were similar between TBS and sham stimulation groups with MDD or mixed depression (all P > 0.05). Conclusion: Bilateral TBS targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) appears to be a well-tolerated form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) that has substantial antidepressant effects, particularly in patients with MDD. Effects of bilateral TBS on bipolar and unipolar mixed depression should be further investigated.
A Meta-analysis of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder$$$ Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a debilitating illness with substantial morbidity. Although pharmacological and behavioral evidence–based treatments have shown efficacy, many patients remain unresponsive to this first-line care. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown significant promise for patients with treatment-refractory affective disorders. Therefore, we conducted a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to examine the therapeutic benefit of rTMS in patients with OCD and explore moderators of its treatment effects. Methods: PubMed (1997–Dec 31, 2022) and PsycINFO were searched for randomized sham-controlled trials of rTMS to treat OCD using the following terms: “obsessive-compulsive disorder,” “transcranial magnetic stimulation,” and “randomized controlled trial.” Clinical characteristics and effect sizes were extracted from 25 randomized controlled trials (860 participants). A random effects model calculated the effect sizes for treatment efficacy and treatment response using the clinician-rated Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale. Results: Across randomized controlled trials, rTMS exhibited a moderate therapeutic effect (g = 0.65) on OCD symptom severity and a 3-fold increased likelihood of treatment response (relative risk = 3.15) compared with sham conditions. Greater improvement in comorbid depression severity corresponded with greater treatment effects of rTMS on OCD symptom severity. In addition, longer rTMS sessions and fewer overall sessions predicted greater clinical improvement. Conclusions: rTMS is moderately effective for reducing OCD symptom severity. It holds potential to serve as a therapeutic intervention, particularly for patients with OCD who have failed standard treatments and those with comorbid depression. Further research is needed to optimize rTMS protocols and evaluate the long-term efficacy of rTMS for OCD.
Pharmacotherapies Targeting GABA-Glutamate Neurotransmission for Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is a term used to describe a particular type of major depressive disorder (MDD). There is no consensus about what defines TRD, with various studies describing between 1 and 4 failures of antidepressant therapies, with or without electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). That is why TRD is such a growing concern among clinicians and researchers, and it explains the necessity for investigating novel therapeutic targets beyond conventional monoamine pathways. An imbalance between two primary central nervous system (CNS) neurotransmitters, L-glutamate and γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA), has emerged as having a key role in the pathophysiology of TRD. In this review, we provide an evaluation and comprehensive review of investigational antidepressants targeting these two systems, accessing their levels of available evidence, mechanisms of action, and safety profiles. N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonism has shown the most promise amongst the glutamatergic targets, with ketamine and esketamine (Spravato) robustly generating responses across trials. Two specific NMDA-glycine site modulators, D-cycloserine (DCS) and apimostinel, have also generated promising initial safety and efficacy profiles, warranting further investigation. Combination dextromethorphan-bupropion (AXS-05/Auvelity) displays a unique mechanism of action and demonstrated positive results in particular applicability in subpopulations with cognitive dysfunction. Currently, the most promising GABA modulators appear to be synthetic neurosteroid analogs with positive GABAA receptor modulation (such as brexanolone). Overall, advances in the last decade provide exciting perspectives for those who do not improve with conventional therapies. Of the compounds reviewed here, three are approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA): esketamine (Spravato) for TRD, Auvelity (dextromethorphan-bupropion) for major depressive disorder (MDD), and brexanolone (Zulresso) for post-partum depression (PPD). Notably, some concerns have arisen with esketamine and brexanolone, which will be detailed in this study.
Adjunctive Docosahexaenoic Acid in Residual Symptoms of Depression and Anxiety$$$ Objective The aim of the study is to examine the efficacy of omega-3 fatty acid as an adjunct to ongoing pharmacological treatments in patients with residual symptoms of depression and anxiety. Methods/Procedures This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over trial was conducted at a single private practice site. Participants were drawn from patients attending the practice. Patients meeting criteria had a 4-week run-in period where they continued to receive their prescribed medications and omega-3 supplements. Depression and anxiety ratings were assessed at recruitment and completion of the run-in phase. Patients were randomized to receive an omega-3 supplement (Neurospark) or placebo once daily for 8 weeks then crossed over to the alternative treatment. At the end of the double-blind, cross-over phase, patients received the supplement and were assessed after a 4-week run-out phase. Depression and anxiety symptoms were assessed using the Hamilton scales. Efficacy of treatment was assessed using a linear mixed model analysis with time, order of treatment, diagnosis, and their interaction as factors. Depression and anxiety scales were analyzed as independent measures. Results The study enrolled 47 patients (mean [SD] age, 46.1 [11.2] years; [59.6%] male). Depression scores did not significantly change across assessments (P > 0.1); there was no effect of order of treatment (P > 0.1) or an interaction between time, order of treatment, and psychiatric diagnosis (P > 0.1). Anxiety scores were similarly unchanged across treatment visits and order of treatment, and there was no interaction between time, order of treatment, and psychiatric diagnosis. Conclusions Omega-3 fatty acid supplementation did not significantly alter residual symptoms in this group of patients.
EEG synchronized left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for treatment resistant depression is feasible and produces an entrainment dependent clinical response: A randomized controlled double blind clinical trial$$$ Background: Synchronizing a TMS pulse with a person's underlying EEG rhythm can modify the brain's response. It is unclear if synchronizing rTMS trains might boost the antidepressant effect of TMS. In this first-in-human trial, we demonstrated that a single TMS pulse over the prefrontal cortex produces larger effects in the anterior cingulate depending on when it is fired relative to the individual's EEG alpha phase. Objective/hypotheses: We had three hypotheses. 1) It is feasible to synchronize repetitive TMS (rTMS) delivery to a person's preferred prefrontal alpha phase in each train of every session during a 30-visit TMS depression treatment course. 2) EEG-synchronized rTMS would produce progressive entrainment greater than unsynchronized (UNSYNC) rTMS. And 3) SYNC TMS would have better antidepressant effects than UNSYNC (remission, final Hamilton Depression Rating <10). Methods: We enrolled (n = 34) and treated (n = 28) adults with treatment resistant depression (TRD) and randomized them to receive six weeks (30 treatments) of left prefrontal rTMS at their individual alpha frequency (IAF) (range 6–13 Hz). Prior to starting the clinical trial, all patients had an interleaved fMRI-EEG-TMS (fET) scan to determine which phase of their alpha rhythm would produce the largest BOLD response in their dorsal anterior cingulate. Our clinical EEG-rTMS system then delivered the first TMS pulse in each train time-locked to this patient-specific ‘preferred phase’ of each patient's left prefrontal alpha oscillation. We randomized patients (1:1) to SYNC or UNSYNC, and all were treated at their IAF. Only the SYNC patients had the first pulse of each train for all sessions synchronized to their individualized preferred alpha phase (75 trains/session ×30 sessions, 2250 synchronizations per patient over six weeks). The UNSYNC group used a random firing with respect to the alpha wave. All other TMS parameters were balanced between the two groups. The system interfaced with a MagStim Horizon air-cooled Fig. 8 TMS coil. All patients were treated at their IAF, coil in the F3 position, 120 % MT, frequency 6–13 Hz, 40 pulses per train, average 15-s inter-train interval, 3000 pulses per session. All patients, raters, and treaters were blinded. Results: In the intent to treat (ITT) sample, both groups had significant clinical improvement from baseline with no significant between-group differences, with the USYNC group having mathematically more remitters but fewer responders. (ITT -15 SYNC; 13 UNSYNC, response 5 (33 %), 1 (7 %), remission 2 (13 %), 6 (46 %). The same was true with the completer sample - 12 SYNC; 12 UNSYNC, response 4, 4 (both 30 %), remission 2 (17 %), 3 (25 %)). The clinical EEG phase synchronization system performed well with no failures. The average treatment session was approximately 90 min, with 30 min for placing the EEG cap and the actual TMS treatment for 45 min (which included gathering 10 min of resting EEG). Four subjects (1 SYNC) withdrew before six weeks of treatment. All 24 completer patients were treated for six weeks despite the trial occurring during the COVID pandemic. SYNC patients exhibited increased post-stimulation EEG entrainment over the six weeks. A detailed secondary analysis of entrainment data in the SYNC group showed that responders and non-responders in this group could be cleanly separated based on the total number of sessions with entrainment and the session-to-session precision of the entrained phase. For the SYNC group only, depression improvement was greater when more sessions were entrained at similar phases. Conclusions: Synchronizing prefrontal TMS with a patient's prefrontal alpha frequency in a blinded clinical trial is possible and produces progressive EEG entrainment in synchronized patients only. There was no difference in overall clinical response in this small clinical trial. A secondary analysis showed that the consistency of the entrained phase across sessions was significantly associated with response outcome only in the SYNC group. These effects may not simply be due to how the stimulation is delivered but also whether the patient's brain can reliably entrain to a precise phase. EEG-synchronized clinical delivery of TMS is feasible and requires further study to determine the best method for determining the phase for synchronization.
(014) Fighting the Fire: Anti-Inflammatory Effects of Aripiprazole as Mechanism for Improvement in Medical Catatonia?$$$ Introduction: Disorders of central nervous system inflammation have a strong association with catatonia. We present a case of a patient with multiple sclerosis who presented with new onset psychosis and catatonia secondary to an MS exacerbation. Her psychiatric symptoms quickly improved after addition of aripiprazole to her benzodiazepine regimen. Postulated mechanisms include dopamine agonism and anti-inflammatory action. Case: Ms. M was a 49-year-old female. Her medical history was significant for MS, multinodular goiter, and marijuana use. She had no psychiatric history. She had achieved a masters-level education and maintained employment. She presented due to mania and psychosis with sudden onset. Brain imaging demonstrated three lesions consistent with active demyelination. She was treated with high dose steroids. On psychiatric evaluation, she was diagnosed with severe major depressive disorder with psychotic features and catatonia. Catatonia was felt to most likely be secondary to her MS exacerbation. The patient was started on lorazepam, 2 mg every 4 hours. After completion of steroids, she was transferred to an inpatient psychiatric facility. She was re-admitted to a neurologic service after sustaining a fall. After patient was transferred back to neurology for further evaluation of autoimmune encephalitis. Our psychiatry consult service continued the lorazepam that was started at the outside hospital. Her presentation was noticeable for psychotic symptoms, specifically persecutory and nihilistic delusions. Quetiapine was briefly introduced but discontinued due to worsening of catatonic symptoms. We decided on a trial of aripiprazole 2.5 mg nightly. The next day, the patient showed a marked improvement in her spontaneity, and was less focused on her delusions. She tolerated dose increases up to 7.5 mg daily, with reduction in her Bush-Francis Catatonia Rating Scale and improvement in her symptoms. The patient was then transferred to an inpatient psychiatric facility, where she began electroconvulsive treatments. She underwent six treatments. Her aripiprazole was increased to target residual psychotic symptoms. She was discharged on 15 mg daily. Discussion: Ms. M's symptoms showed marked improvement after aripiprazole. Though the pathophysiology of catatonia isn't completely understood, hypo-dopaminergia in the striatum is thought to play a key role (1). Aripiprazole has several interesting properties, including dopamine agonism and anti-inflammatory action (2). Neuroinflammation may have a significant contribution to catatonic presentations, and deserves further study (3). References: 1. Beach, S. R., Luccarelli, J., Praschan, N., Fusunyan, M., & Fricchione, G. L. (2023). Molecular and immunological origins of catatonia. Schizophrenia Research. 2. Juncal-Ruiz, M., Riesco-Dávila, L., de la Foz, V. O. G., Martínez-Garcia, O., Ramírez-Bonilla, M., Ocejo-Viñals, J. G., … & Crespo-Facorro, B. (2018). Comparison of the anti-inflammatory effect of aripiprazole and risperidone in 75 drug-naïve first episode psychosis individuals: A 3 months randomized study. Schizophrenia research, 202, 226-233. 3. Rogers, J. P., Pollak, T. A., Blackman, G., & David, A. S. (2019). Catatonia and the immune system: a review. The Lancet Psychiatry, 6(7), 620-630.
Evaluation of the efficacy and safety of MRI-guided focused ultrasound (MRgFUS) for focal hand dystonia: study protocol for an open-label non-randomised clinical trial$$$ Introduction MRI-guided focused ultrasound (MRgFUS) thalamotomy provides an exciting development in the field of minimally invasive stereotactic neurosurgery. Current treatment options for focal hand dystonia are limited, with potentially more effective invasive stereotactic interventions, such as deep brain stimulation or lesional therapies, rarely used. The advent of minimally invasive brain lesioning provides a potentially safe and effective treatment approach with a recent pilot study establishing MRgFUS Vo-complex thalamotomy as an effective treatment option for focal hand dystonia. In this study, we undertake an open-label clinical trial to further establish MRgFUS Vo-complex thalamotomy as an effective treatment for focal hand dystonia with greater attention paid to potential motor costs associated with this treatment. To elucidate pathophysiology of dystonia and treatment mechanisms, neurophysiological and MRI analysis will be performed longitudinally to explore the hypothesis that neuroplastic and structural changes that may underlie this treatment benefit. Methods and analysis A total of 10 participants will be recruited into this open-label clinical trial. All participants will undergo clinical, kinemetric, neurophysiological and radiological testing at baseline, followed by repeated measures at predesignated time points post MRgFUS Vo-complex thalamotomy. Further, to identify any underlying structural or neurophysiological abnormalities present in individuals with focal hand dystonia, 10 age and gender matched control participants will be recruited to undergo comparative investigation. These results will be compared with the intervention participants both at baseline and at 12 months to assess for normalisation of these abnormalities, if present. Ethics and dissemination This trial was reviewed and approved by the St Vincent's Health Network Sydney Human Research Ethics Committee (2022/ETH00778). Study results will be published in peer-reviewed journals and presented at both national and international conferences. Trial registration number CTRN12622000775718.
Rapid improvements and subsequent effects in major depressive disorder patients with somatic pain using rTMS combined with sertraline$$$ This study aims to explore changes in depression and pain for major depressive disorder (MDD) patients with somatic pain after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using the event-related potentials (ERPs) technique. Eighty MDD patients with somatic pain were randomly assigned to drug therapy (DT) and combined therapy (CT) groups. CT group underwent intermittent theta burst stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) with 800 pulses and 1 Hz over the right DLPFC with 800 pulses, 5 times a week for 3 weeks. All patients were given sertraline at 50-100 mg per day. All subjects were evaluated at baseline and at weeks three and six of therapy using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA), and Numerical Rating Scales (NRS), and the latency and amplitude of P300 and mismatch negativity (MMN) were measured. There were no significant differences in all indices between groups at baseline. At 3 weeks, HAMD subscale scores of Cognitive Impairment and NRS scores were significantly lower in the CT group than in the DT group. At 6 weeks, NRS and HAMD total scores in the CT group decreased significantly in the CT group compared with the DT group, especially for anxiety and pain, and the MMN and P300 latencies and P300 amplitude showed greater improvements. Our findings highlight that rTMS in combination with antidepressants is a rapid method of symptom improvement in patients with somatic pain with MDD and is helpful for cognitive impairment and anxiety.
B rain connectivity-guided, Optimised theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation to improve Central Pain Modulation in knee Osteoarthritis Pain (BoostCPM): Protocol of a pilot randomised clinical trial in a secondary care setting in the UK$$$ Introduction Chronic pain is a common health problem that is not efficiently managed by standard analgesic treatments. There is evidence that treatment resistance may result from maladaptive brain changes in areas that are fundamental to the perception of pain. Knee osteoarthritis is one of the most prevalent causes of chronic pain and commonly associated with negative affect. Chronic knee osteoarthritis pain is also associated with altered right anterior insula functional connectivity. We posit that reversal of these brain circuit alterations may be critical to alleviate chronic pain and associated negative affect, and that this can be achieved through non-invasive neuromodulation techniques. Despite growing interest in non-invasive neuromodulation for pain relief and proven efficacy in depression, results in chronic pain are mixed with limited high-quality evidence for clinical and mechanistic efficacy. Limitations include patient heterogeneity, imprecision of target selection, uncertain blinding and protocols that may deliver pulses at subclinical efficacy. Methods and analysis We hence developed an optimised treatment protocol of connectivity-guided intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with accelerated delivery on four consecutive days (allowing 4 days within the same week as protocol variation) with five daily treatment sessions that will be piloted in a sham-controlled design in 45 participants with chronic knee pain. This pilot study protocol will assess feasibility, tolerability and explore mechanistic efficacy through serial functional/structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and quantitative sensory testing. Ethics and dissemination This pilot trial has been approved by the Ethics Committee Cornwall and Plymouth. Results of the pilot trial will be submitted to peer-reviewed journals, presented at research conferences and may be shared with participants and PPI/E advisors. Trial registration number ISRCTN15404076.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation improves cardiovascular autonomic nervous system control: A meta-analysis$$$ Background: Cardiovascular autonomic system (ANS) may be affected by altered neural activations in the brain. This systematic review and meta-analysis investigated potential effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols on cardiovascular ANS control. Methods: Through 19 qualified studies, we acquired 70 comparisons for data synthesis. Individual effect sizes were estimated by comparing changes in following cardiovascular ANS control variables between active and sham stimulation conditions: (a) blood pressure (BP), (b) heart rate (HR), and (c) heart rate variability (HRV). Moreover, two moderator variable analyses determined whether changes in cardiovascular ANS control were different based on (a) rTMS protocols (excitatory rTMS versus inhibitory rTMS) and (b) specific targeted cortical regions, respectively. Results: The random-effects model meta-analysis revealed significant improvements in cardiovascular ANS control after the rTMS protocols. Specifically, applying excitatory and inhibitory rTMS protocols significantly decreased values of BP and HR variables. For HRV variables, excitatory rTMS protocols showed significant positive effects. These improvements in cardiovascular ANS control were observed while applying either excitatory rTMS protocols to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or inhibitory rTMS protocols to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Limitations: Relatively small number of studies for inhibitory rTMS on the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex were included in this meta-analysis. Conclusion: These findings suggest that applying excitatory and inhibitory rTMS protocols on prefrontal cortical regions may be effective to improve cardiovascular ANS control.
Diagnosis and Treatment of Bipolar Disorder: A Review$$$ Importance: Bipolar disorder affects approximately 8 million adults in the US and approximately 40 million individuals worldwide. Observations: Bipolar disorder is characterized by recurrent episodes of depression and mania or hypomania. Bipolar depressive episodes are similar to major depressive episodes. Manic and hypomanic episodes are characterized by a distinct change in mood and behavior during discrete time periods. The age of onset is usually between 15 and 25 years, and depression is the most frequent initial presentation. Approximately 75% of symptomatic time consists of depressive episodes or symptoms. Early diagnosis and treatment are associated with a more favorable prognosis. Diagnosis and optimal treatment are often delayed by a mean of approximately 9 years following an initial depressive episode. Long-term treatment consists of mood stabilizers, such as lithium, valproate, and lamotrigine. Antipsychotic agents, such as quetiapine, aripiprazole, asenapine, lurasidone, and cariprazine, are recommended, but some are associated with weight gain. Antidepressants are not recommended as monotherapy. More than 50% of patients with bipolar disorder are not adherent to treatment. Life expectancy is reduced by approximately 12 to 14 years in people with bipolar disorder, with a 1.6-fold to 2-fold increase in cardiovascular mortality occurring a mean of 17 years earlier compared with the general population. Prevalence rates of metabolic syndrome (37%), obesity (21%), cigarette smoking (45%), and type 2 diabetes (14%) are higher among people with bipolar disorder, contributing to the risk of early mortality. The annual suicide rate is approximately 0.9% among individuals with bipolar disorder, compared with 0.014% in the general population. Approximately 15% to 20% of people with bipolar disorder die by suicide. Conclusions and Relevance: Bipolar disorder affects approximately 8 million adults in the US. First-line therapy includes mood stabilizers, such as lithium, anticonvulsants, such as valproate and lamotrigine, and atypical antipsychotic drugs, such as quetiapine, aripiprazole, asenapine, lurasidone, and cariprazine..
White matter predicts tDCS antidepressant effects in a sham-controlled clinical trial study$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been used as treatment for depression, but its effects are heterogeneous. We investigated, in a subsample of the clinical trial Escitalopram versus Electrical Direct Current Therapy for Depression Study (ELECTTDCS), whether white matter areas associated with depression disorder were associated with tDCS response. Baseline diffusion tensor imaging data were analyzed from 49 patients (34 females, mean age 41.9) randomized to escitalopram 20 mg/day, tDCS (2 mA, 30 min, 22 sessions), or placebo. Antidepressant outcomes were assessed by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS) after 10-week treatment. We used whole-brain tractography for extracting white matter measures for anterior corpus callosum, and bilaterally for cingulum bundle, striato-frontal, inferior occipito-frontal fasciculus and uncinate. For the rostral body, tDCS group showed higher MD associated with antidepressant effects (estimate = −5.13 ± 1.64, p = 0.002), and tDCS significantly differed from the placebo and the escitalopram group. The left striato-frontal tract showed higher FA associated with antidepressant effects (estimate = −2.14 ± 0.72, p = 0.003), and tDCS differed only from the placebo group. For the right uncinate, the tDCS group lower AD values were associated with higher HDRS decrease (estimate = −1.45 ± 0.67, p = 0.031). Abnormalities in white matter MDD-related areas are associated with tDCS antidepressant effects. Suggested better white matter microstructure of the left prefrontal cortex was associated with tDCS antidepressant effects. Future studies should investigate whether these findings are driven by electric field diffusion and density in these areas.
Antidepressant effects of prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation monotherapy at the bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for medication and standard transcranial magnetic stimulation-resistant major depression: a three arm, randomized, double blind, sham-controlled pilot study$$$ The dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) plays a pivotal role in depression and anxiosomatic symptom modulation. However, DMPFC stimulation using a double-cone coil has demonstrated inconsistent results for antidepressant efficacy. No study thus far has investigated the antidepressant and anti-anxiosomatic effects of prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation (piTBS) bilaterally over DMPFC. Furthermore, head-to-head comparisons of antidepressant effects between standard iTBS and piTBS warrant investigation. This double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial recruited 34 patients with highly treatment-resistant depression (TRD) unresponsive to antidepressants and standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)/piTBS. These patients were randomly assigned to one of three monotherapy groups (standard iTBS, piTBS, or sham), with treatment administered bilaterally over the DMPFC twice per day for 3 weeks. The primary outcome was the overall changes of 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) over 3-weeks intervention. The changes in Depression and Somatic Symptoms Scale (DSSS) as the secondary outcome and the anxiosomatic cluster symptoms as rated by HDRS-17 as the post-hoc outcome were measured. Multivariable generalized estimating equation analysis was performed. Although no differences in overall HDRS-17 changes between three groups were found, the antidepressant efficacy based on DSSS was higher in piTBS than in iTBS and sham at week 3 (group effect,p = 0.003, post-hoc: piTBS > iTBS, p = 0.002; piTBS > sham, p = 0.038). In post-hoc analyses, piTBS had more alleviation in anxiosomatic symptoms than iTBS (group effect, p = 0.002; post-hoc, p = 0.001). This first randomized sham-controlled study directly compared piTBS and iTBS targeting the DMPFC using a figure-of-8 coil and found piTBS may fail to demonstrate a significant antidepressant effect on overall depressive symptoms, but piTBS seems superior in alleviating anxiosomatic symptoms, even in depressed patients with high treatment resistance. This Trial registration (Registration number: NCT04037592). URL: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04037592.
TDCS at home for depressive disorders: an updated systematic review and lessons learned from a prematurely terminated randomized controlled pilot study$$$ The application of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) at home for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) is the subject of current clinical trials. This is due to its positive safety profile, cost-effectiveness, and potential scalability for a wide outreach in clinical practice. Here, we provide a systematic review of the available studies and also a report on the results of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) on tDCS at home for the treatment of MDD. This trial had to be prematurely terminated due to safety concerns. The HomeDC trial is a double-blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. Patients with MDD (DSM-5) were randomized to active or sham tDCS. Patients conducted tDCS at home for 6 weeks with 5 sessions/week (30 min at 2 mA) anode over F3, cathode over F4. Sham tDCS resembled active tDCS, with ramp-in and ramp-out periods, but without intermittent stimulation. The study was prematurely terminated due to an accumulation of adverse events (AEs, skin lesions), so that only 11 patients were included. Feasibility was good. Safety monitoring was not sufficient enough to detect or prevent AEs within an appropriate timeframe. Regarding antidepressant effects, the reduction in depression scales over time was significant. However, active tDCS was not superior to sham tDCS in this regard. Both the conclusions from this review and the HomeDC trial show that there are several critical issues with the use of tDCS at home that need to be addressed. Nevertheless the array of transcranial electric simulation (TES) methods that this mode of application offers, including tDCS, is highly interesting and warrants further investigation in high quality RCTs. Trial registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov . Trial registration number: NCT05172505. Registration date: 12/13/2021, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT05172505 . Graphical abstract: *Consider, if feasible to do so, reporting the number of records identified from each database or register searched (rather than the total number across all databases/registers) **If automation tools were used, indicate how many records were excluded by a human and how many were excluded by automation tools From: Page MJ, McKenzie JE, Bossuyt PM, Boutron I, Hoffmann TC, Mulrow CD, et al. The PRISMA 2020 statement: an updated guideline for reporting systematic reviews. BMJ 2021;372:n71. https://doi.org/10.1136/bmj.n71 . For more information, visit: http://www.prisma-statement.org/ [Figure not available: see fulltext.].
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation–Induced Heart-Brain Coupling: Implications for Site Selection and Frontal Thresholding—Preliminary Findings$$$ Background: Neurocardiac-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) uses repetitive TMS (rTMS)–induced heart rate deceleration to confirm activation of the frontal-vagal pathway. Here, we test a novel neurocardiac-guided TMS method that utilizes heart-brain coupling (HBC) to quantify rTMS-induced entrainment of the interbeat interval as a function of TMS cycle time. Because prior neurocardiac-guided TMS studies indicated no association between motor and frontal excitability threshold, we also introduce the approach of using HBC to establish individualized frontal excitability thresholds for optimally dosing frontal TMS. Methods: In studies 1A and 1B, we validated intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS)–induced HBC (2 seconds iTBS on; 8 seconds off: HBC = 0.1 Hz) in 15 (1A) and 22 (1B) patients with major depressive disorder from 2 double-blind placebo-controlled studies. In study 2, HBC was measured in 10 healthy subjects during the 10-Hz “Dash” protocol (5 seconds 10-Hz on; 11 seconds off: HBC = 0.0625 Hz) applied with 15 increasing intensities to 4 evidence-based TMS locations. Results: Using blinded electrocardiogram-based HBC analysis, we successfully identified sham from real iTBS sessions (accuracy: study 1A = 83%, study 1B = 89.5%) and found a significantly stronger HBC at 0.1 Hz in active compared with sham iTBS (d = 1.37) (study 1A). In study 2, clear dose-dependent entrainment (p =.002) was observed at 0.0625 Hz in a site-specific manner. Conclusions: We demonstrated rTMS-induced HBC as a function of TMS cycle time for 2 commonly used clinical protocols (iTBS and 10-Hz Dash). These preliminary results supported individual site specificity and dose-response effects, indicating that this is a potentially valuable method for clinical rTMS site stratification and frontal thresholding. Further research should control for TMS side effects, such as pain of stimulation, to confirm these findings.
Lipopolysaccharide, Immune Biomarkers and Cerebral Amyloid-Beta Deposition in Older Adults With Mild Cognitive Impairment & Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Objective: Inflammatory activation and increased immune response to lipopolysaccharide occur in both depression and cognitive decline and may link these two conditions. We investigated whether lipopolysaccharide (LPS), LPS binding protein (LBP) and peripheral biomarkers of immune response were associated with increased cerebral deposition of amyloid-beta (Abeta) in older adults with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and remitted major depressive disorder (rMDD). Design: Cross-sectional analysis. Setting: Five academic health centers in Toronto. Participants: Older adults with MCI with/without rMDD. Measurements: We investigated the associations among serum LPS, LBP, biomarkers of inflammatory activation – Interleukin-6 (IL-6), C-reactive protein (CRP), monocyte chemoattractant protein-1 (MCP-1), and cerebral Abeta deposition quantified by positron emission tomography. Results: Among 133 study participants (82 with MCI and 51 with MCI+rMDD) there was no association between LPS (beta – 0.17, p = 0.8) or LBP (beta - 0.11, p = 0.12) and global deposition of Abeta following adjustment for age, gender, and APOE genotype in multivariable regression analyses. LBP was positively correlated with CRP (r = 0.5, p <0.001) and IL-6 (r = 0.2, p = 0.02) but no inflammatory biomarker was associated with Abeta deposition; rMDD was not associated with deposition of Abeta (beta -0.09, p = 0.22). Conclusion: In this cross-sectional analysis, we did not find an association among LPS/LBP, immune biomarkers or rMDD and global deposition of Abeta. Future analyses should assess the longitudinal relationships between peripheral and central biomarkers of immune activation, depression and cerebral Abeta deposition.
The Effects of Remifentanil, Dexmedetomidine, and Metoral as Adjuncts to Thiopental on Hemodynamic Status after Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Depression is a prevalent mental disorder affecting more than 300 million people of all ages globally. Despite being the first-line treatment for depression, antidepressant medications are only effective for 60%-70% of patients. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for severe cases, although it can result in short-term side effects. Objectives: This study aimed to compare the effectiveness of remifentanil, dexmedetomidine, and metoral as premedications for ECT in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: In this prospective double-blinded randomized controlled clinical trial, a total of 120 MDD patients aged 18-60 were included. They were randomly assigned to receive remifentanil, dexmedetomidine, or metoral in combination with thiopental before ECT. Hemodynamic responses (mean arterial blood pressure, pulse rate, arterial blood oxygen saturation), seizure duration, recovery time, agitation scores, and patient satisfaction scores (reverse coded) were measured and compared. Results: Dexmedetomidine exhibited superior hemodynamic control with lower mean arterial blood pressure (P < 0.001) and pulse rate (P < 0.001) than remifentanil and metoral. Patients receiving dexmedetomidine or remifentanil showed reduced agitation (P < 0.001) and better satisfaction than the metoral group (P < 0.001). Remifentanil displayed intermediate outcomes, while metoral exhibited the least favorable results. Seizure duration was not significantly different between the dexmedetomidine and remifentanil groups (P = 0.843). Conclusions: Dexmedetomidine is considered the most satisfactory group due to the better control of blood pressure, heart rate, and agitation and better patient satisfaction despite the longer recovery time.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in Mild Cognitive Impairment: Effects on Cognitive Functions—A Systematic Review$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique also used as a non-pharmacological intervention against cognitive impairment. The purpose of the present review was to summarize what is currently known about the effectiveness of rTMS intervention on different cognitive domains in patients with mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and to address potential neuromodulation approaches in combination with electroencephalography (EEG) and neuroimaging, especially functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). In this systematic review, we consulted three main databases (PubMed, Science Direct, and Scopus), and Google Scholar was selected for the gray literature search. The PRISMA flowchart drove the studies’ inclusion. The selection process ensured that only high-quality studies were included; after removing duplicate papers, explicit ratings were given based on the quality classification as high (A), moderate (B), or low (C), considering factors such as risks of bias, inaccuracies, inconsistencies, lack of direction, and publication bias. Seven full-text articles fulfilled the stated inclusion, reporting five double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled studies, a case study, and a randomized crossover trial. The results of the reviewed studies suggested that rTMS in MCI patients is safe and effective for enhancing cognitive functions, thus making it a potential therapeutic approach for MCI patients. Changes in functional connectivity within the default mode network (DMN) after targeted rTMS could represent a valuable indicator of treatment response. Finally, high-frequency rTMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to significantly enhance cognitive functions, such as executive performance, together with the increase of functional connectivity within frontoparietal networks. The main limitations were the number of included studies and the exclusion of studies using intermittent theta-burst stimulation, used in studies on Alzheimer’s disease. Therefore, neuroimaging techniques in combination with rTMS have been shown to be useful for future network-based, fMRI-guided therapeutic approaches.
Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) as a Predictor of Treatment Response in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD): A Systematic Review$$$ Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) has been studied as a biomarker of major depressive disorder (MDD). Besides diagnostic biomarkers, clinically useful biomarkers can inform response to treatment. We aimed to review all studies that sought to relate BDNF baseline levels, or BDNF polymorphisms, with response to treatment in MDD. In order to achieve this, we performed a systematic review of studies that explored the relation of BDNF with both pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment. Finally, we reviewed the evidence that relates peripheral levels of BDNF and BDNF polymorphisms with the development and management of treatment-resistant depression.
Trajectory of changes in depressive symptoms after acute repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A meta-analysis of follow-up effects$$$ Background: The follow-up effect after acute repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depressive episodes remains unclear. Furthermore, the benefits of maintenance rTMS are poorly understood. Aim: To investigate the trajectory of changes in depressive symptoms after acute rTMS and effects of maintenance rTMS during this period. Method: This meta-analysis (PROSPERO: CRD42022374077) searched major databases up to October 1, 2022. Treatment outcome was depressive scores collected at least 3 months after the end of an acute rTMS course for depression. We extracted data at different time points after acute rTMS and categorized by whether maintenance rTMS was performed. A single-stage random-effects dose-response meta-analysis was undertaken to model the nonlinear relationships. Effect sizes were calculated as standardized mean differences (SMDs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: 24 eligible studies comprising 911 total patients—225 of whom received maintenance rTMS—were included. Maintenance rTMS contributed to relative stability in patients' mood symptoms during the first 5 months (SMD [95% CI]: 3rd month, −0.10 [−0.30 to 0.10]; 5th month, 0.00 [−0.55 to 0.55]), with heterogeneity characterized as low to moderate. Further analysis revealed that maintenance rTMS performed monthly or more frequently provided sustained benefits for up to 6–12 months. Conversely, patients without maintenance rTMS had moderate to high heterogeneity, although the change in mean mood symptom scores during the 12-month follow-up was also minor (6th month, 0.03 [−0.51 to 0.56]; 12th month, 0.10 [−0.59 to 0.79]). Conclusion: Maintenance rTMS might keep patients' mood relatively stable for up to 5 months after acute rTMS. Monthly or more frequent maintenance rTMS offers greater benefits.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation vs. high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Our meta-analysis demonstrated that intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS)/bilateral-TBS (Bi-TBS) and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS)/bilateral-rTMS (Bi-rTMS) had similar efficacy, acceptability, and safety profiles for antidepressant treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (AD-TRD). In our sensitivity analysis that excluded a study that compared Bi-TBS with Bi-rTMS for older adults, all efficacy outcomes were also comparable between iTBS and HF-rTMS. Because iTBS does not require higher stimulation intensity and a longer stimulus time than conventional HF-rTMS protocols, we speculated that for those with AD-TRD, iTBS/Bi-TBS is a more helpful therapeutic modality in clinical practice than HF-rTMS/Bi-rTMS.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Reintroduction to Maintain Clinical Benefit for Adolescents with Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Objectives: There is limited prior research focused on maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for adolescents with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). This was a 6-month study of adolescents with TRD that had responded to acute treatment in a randomized controlled trial of left prefrontal 10 Hz TMS. It was hypothesized that adolescents who had received more previous TMS sessions (12 weeks) of active TMS would have superior outcomes. Methods: This study enrolled participants aged 12 to 21 years with TRD who responded (defined by a 25% or greater improvement in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression [HAM-D]) to acute TMS treatment in a double-blind, randomized controlled trial of left prefrontal 10 Hz TMS. Depressive symptoms were evaluated with biweekly Clinical Global Impression-Severity (CGI-S) assessments. If the CGI-S assessments increased by 1 or more points, the participants underwent another course of active left prefrontal TMS for 6 weeks or until their depressive symptoms returned to the baseline score at the beginning of the 6-month period. The sample included 4 groups of participants with previous TMS treatments: 1) 12 weeks of active TMS; 2) 6 weeks of sham TMS followed by 6 weeks of active TMS; 3) 6 weeks of active TMS; and 4) 6 weeks of sham TMS. We analyzed potential differences in clinical outcomes among participants based on the prior TMS interventions that they had received. Results: Among eligible participants (N = 65), 55 enrolled and 41 completed the 6-month follow-up period. After 6 months, depressive symptom severity did not differ significantly between these groups on the HAM-D 24 (F = 0.5; p =.68), CGI-S (F = 0.46; p =.71), Children’s Depression Rating Scale - Revised (CDRS-R; F = 0.32, p =.8), or Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self Report (QIDS-SR; F = 0.58, p =.63) scores. The number of retreatment sessions delivered was not statistically different among the 4 groups of participants (Fisher’s exact test, p =.59). One participant presented with a severe headache that responded to medications during retreatment with TMS, but there were no other adverse events. Conclusions: This is the largest study of maintenance TMS for adolescents with TRD. These findings demonstrate the feasibility and clinical effects of maintaining response following an acute course of active or sham TMS. Future research should consider these findings when planning TMS protocols for adolescents. DDD, NM, R
3.5 EMERGING NEUROTHERAPEUTICS FOR THE TREATMENT OF DEPRESSION IN CHILDREN, ADOLESCENTS, AND YOUNG ADULTS$$$ Objectives: Depression is a prevalent problem in youth with substantial morbidity, mortality, and societal challenges. Depressive symptoms in at least 40% or more of adolescents do not respond to standard interventions. Reoccurrences and residual symptoms are common and confer risk for substance use disorders, co-occurring conditions, and educational impairment. This presentation will review recent efforts to adapt and innovate novel therapeutics for the treatment of depression in youth. Methods: Paul E. Croarkin, DO, MS, a clinician researcher, will review recent research, clinical applications, and planned work focused on novel treatments for depression in youth. This will include discussions of transcranial electrical stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), ECT, magnetic seizure therapy, ketamine, and conceptual considerations for future work with psychedelic therapies. This interactive presentation will be tailored to address pertinent information for clinicians. Results: Transcranial electrical stimulation modalities have not been adequately studied in youth but may have practical advantages as adjuncts to evidence-based psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy. Dose-finding and biomarker development studies are underway to address optimal dosing of TMS in the context of a recent failed multicenter trial of 10 Hz dosing. Anecdotal experience suggests that some Asian and Latinx patients may prefer TMS interventions over standard treatments. ECT is a class II device for treating severe major depressive episodes associated with MDD or bipolar disorder in patients aged 13 years and older who are treatment resistant or who require a rapid response due to the severity of their psychiatric or medical condition. A recent randomized, double-blind trial demonstrated acute efficacy for ketamine treatment of depression in adolescents. A recent study of adolescents suggested that recreational use of psilocybin (but not LSD, 3,4-methylenedioxymethamphetamine [MDMA], peyote, or mescaline) was associated with a decreased odds of lifetime suicidal thinking. Conclusions: Future research in neurotherapeutics for depression framed with caution and equipoise will benefit our patients and field. NM, DDD, R
53.2 Improvement in Depression and Fluid Cognition Following Accelerated Theta Burst Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant MDD in ASD$$$ Objectives: MDD has a higher prevalence among individuals with ASD. Individuals with ASD have a 4 times greater risk of developing MDD and a 9 times greater risk of completed suicide. Intervention research specifically targeting MDD in ASD is scarce. The lack of evidence in ASD, duration of therapy, and sensory concerns have severely limited the use and scalability of theta burst stimulation (TBS) in the ASD population. Methods: We assessed the efficacy of open-label accelerated TBS (aTBS) for refractory depression in youth with ASD in preparation for a sham-controlled trial. Participants were randomized to receive either left-sided intermittent TBS (iTBS) or left-sided iTBS plus right-sided continuous TBS (cTBS). The primary outcome was Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) score from baseline to 1, 4, and 12 weeks posttreatment. To assess precise target engagement of the left prefrontal cortex, we additionally obtained exploratory NIH Cognitive Toolbox measures at each time point. Results: Eight subjects completed the aTBS treatment and the 12-week follow-up visit. Mean baseline HDRS (M = 19.9; SD = 3.2) was significantly reduced immediately following treatment at week 1 (M = 7.1; SD = 2.4; t = 5.4; Bonferroni corrected p = 2.9e-03; Cohen’s d = 3.3; n = 8), and this reduction was sustained through week 4 (M = 6.1; SD = 3.0; t = 7.4; Bonferroni corrected p = 4.6e-04; Cohen’s d = 4.6; n = 8) and week 12 (M = 6.3; SD = 2.4; t = 10.4; Bonferroni corrected p = 5.0e-05; Cohen’s d = 4.9; n = 8). The effect sizes in all comparisons were large, indicating substantial clinical significance. Baseline Fluid Cognition uncorrected composite score (M = 108.8; SD = 5.3) significantly improved at week 4 following aTBS intervention (M = 115.6; SD = 6.2; t = -3.1; p =.02; Cohen’s d = -1.09; n = 8) and continued to improve through week 12 (M = 123.1; SD = 7.4; t = -3.9; p =.01; Cohen’s d = -1.37; n = 8). EEG source analysis was available on 5 subjects at the time of the analyses. Reduction of prefrontal to cingulate connectivity following aTBS was predictive of improved HDRS score (R =.82; p =.09; n = 5). Conclusions: Early results of using aTBS in individuals with ASD and MDD revealed promising results. The association of left prefrontal and cingulate connectivity with depression symptoms may suggest a potential biomarker. A TMS protocol optimized for MDD in ASD could provide rapid recovery as a midlevel option between medications and ECT. NM
Leveraging Video Clips and Social Media: Enhancing Education, Reducing Stigma, and Fostering Behavior Change in Child and Adolescent Psychiatry$$$ Objectives: In this presentation, we will explore ways in which video-based materials can enhance education in child and adolescent psychiatry, reduce stigma, and enhance behavioral intentions for positive change, and by leveraging social media platforms, help address large-scale challenges such as global warming. Methods: The first 2 presentations will showcase recently published work addressing how standardized patients (SPs) can be incorporated into materials used for education and training, or in rigorous randomized controlled trials. The third presentation will describe YouTube videos aimed at providing guidance and enhancing ecological awareness and action among youth, particularly among those who are affected by ecological racism. Results: First, Andrés Martin, MD, PhD, will describe “traditional” uses of video-based materials in psychiatric education, for example, destigmatization about sexual health in child and adolescent psychiatry, about ECT, and basic health literacy for providers working with transgender and gender-diverse (TGD) youth. Second, Doron Amsalem, MD, will describe a series of projects using brief video interventions to reduce depression-related stigma and increase openness to treatment-seeking among adolescents, emphasizing the role of racial background and gender identity. He will describe a shift to “selfie” videos, proven to be equivalent in their efficacy but considerably nimbler and more affordable. He will then discuss the application of these videos in the “real world” setting of social media platforms. Finally, Amber Acquaye, BS, and Nealie T. Ngo, MD, will describe the creation of “peer-near” videos that incorporate graphic art as a means of connecting with youth in an effort to address a generation’s ecological burden and mobilize engaged action. Conclusions: By virtue of their low cost, nimble production, and broad distribution through social media, brief video interventions could contribute tremendously to the field. Reducing stigma and increasing treatment-seeking intentions and behavior have the potential to shorten time to intervention. We aim to explore proactive methods to leverage the use of brief videos in social media platforms (Instagram or TikTok) and to test their effectiveness in reducing barriers to care and increasing ecological awareness and action among youth. EDUC, MED, RCT
Psychosocial and pharmacologic interventions for problematic methamphetamine use: Findings from a scoping review of the literature$$$ Rationale Methamphetamine use and related harms have risen at alarming rates. While several psychosocial and pharmacologic interventions have been described in the literature, there is uncertainty regarding the best approach for the management of methamphetamine use disorder (MUD) and problematic methamphetamine use (PMU). We conducted a scoping review of recent systematic reviews (SR), clinical practice guidelines (CPG), and primary controlled studies of psychosocial and pharmacologic treatments for MUD/PMU. Methods Guided by an a priori protocol, electronic database search updates (e.g., MEDLINE, Embase) were performed in February 2022. Screening was performed following a two-stage process, leveraging artificial intelligence to increase efficiency of title and abstract screening. Studies involving individuals who use methamphetamine, including key subgroups (e.g. those with mental health comorbidities; adolescents/youths; gay, bisexual, and other men who have sex with men) were sought. We examined evidence related to methamphetamine use, relapse, use of other substances, risk behaviors, mental health, harms, and retention. Figures, tables and descriptive synthesis were used to present findings from the identified literature. Results We identified 2 SRs, one CPG, and 54 primary studies reported in 69 publications that met our eligibility criteria. Amongst SRs, one concluded that psychostimulants had no effect on methamphetamine abstinence or treatment retention while the other reported no effect of topiramate on cravings. The CPG strongly recommended psychosocial interventions as well as self-help and family support groups for post-acute management of methamphetamine-related disorders. Amongst primary studies, many interventions were assessed by only single studies; contingency management was the therapy most commonly associated with evidence of potential effectiveness, while bupropion and modafinil were analogously the most common pharmacologic interventions. Nearly all interventions showed signs of potential benefit on at least one methamphetamine-related outcome measure. Discussion This scoping review provides an overview of available interventions for the treatment of MUD/PMU. As most interventions were reported by a single study, the effectiveness of available interventions remains uncertain. Primary studies with longer durations of treatment and follow-up, larger sample sizes, and of special populations are required for conclusive recommendations of best approaches for the treatment of MUD/PMU.
The role of symptoms severity, heart rate, and central sensitization for predicting sleep quality in patients with fibromyalgia$$$ Background: Clinical predictors of sleep quality in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) are still unknown. By identifying these factors, we could raise new mechanistic hypotheses and guide management approaches. We aimed to describe the sleep quality of FMS patients and to explore the clinical and quantitative sensory testing (QST) predictors of poor sleep quality and its subcomponents. Methods: This study is a cross-sectional analysis of an ongoing clinical trial. We performed linear regression models between sleep quality (Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index [PSQI]) and demographic, clinical, and QST variables, controlling for age and gender. Predictors for the total PSQI score and its seven subcomponents were found using a sequential modeling approach. Results: We included 65 patients. The PSQI score was 12.78 ± 4.39, with 95.39% classified as poor sleepers. Sleep disturbance, use of sleep medications, and subjective sleep quality were the worst subdomains. We found poor PSQI scores were highly associated with symptom severity (FIQR score and PROMIS fatigue), pain severity, and higher depression levels, explaining up to 31% of the variance. Fatigue and depression scores also predicted the subjective sleep quality and daytime dysfunction subcomponents. Heart rate changes (surrogate of physical conditioning) predicted the sleep disturbance subcomponent. QST variables were not associated with sleep quality or its subcomponents. Conclusions: Symptom severity, fatigue, pain, and depression (but no central sensitization) are the main predictors of poor sleep quality. Heart rate changes independently predicted the sleep disturbance subdomain (the most affected one in our sample), suggesting an essential role of physical conditioning in modulating sleep quality in FMS patients. This underscores the need for multidimensional treatments targeting depression and physical activity to improve the sleep quality of FMS patients.
Skills to Enhance Positivity in adolescents at risk for suicide: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Suicide and suicidal behavior during adolescence have been steadily increasing over the past two decades. The preponderance of interventions focuses on crisis intervention, underlying psychiatric disorders, regulating negative affect, and reducing cognitive distortions. However, low positive affectivity may be a mechanism that contributes to adolescent suicidal ideation and behaviors independent of other risk factors. Skills to Enhance Positivity (STEP) is an acceptance-based intervention, designed to increase attention to, and awareness of, positive affect and positive experiences. Results from a pilot RCT demonstrated engagement of the target (positive affect) and a decrease in clinical outcomes (suicidal events; i.e., either a suicide attempt or an emergency intervention for an acute suicidal crisis), providing support to test the clinical effectiveness of STEP in a larger clinical trial with clinical staff implementing the intervention. Objective To test the effectiveness of STEP, compared to Enhanced Treatment as Usual (ETAU), in reducing suicidal events and ideation in adolescents admitted to inpatient psychiatric care due to suicide risk. We hypothesize that those randomized to STEP, compared to ETAU, will have lower rates of suicide events, active suicidal ideation (SI), and depressed mood over the 6-month follow-up period. We hypothesize that those randomized to STEP, compared to ETAU, will demonstrate greater improvement in the hypothesized mechanisms of attention to positive affect stimuli and gratitude and satisfaction with life. Methods Participants will be randomized to either STEP or ETAU. STEP consists of four in-person sessions focused on psychoeducation regarding positive and negative affect, mindfulness meditation, gratitude, and savoring. Mood monitoring prompts and skill reminders will be sent via text messaging daily for the first month post-discharge and every other day for the following two months. The ETAU condition will receive text-delivered reminders to use a safety plan provided at discharge from the hospital and healthy habits messages, matched in frequency to the STEP group. This trial was registered on 6 August 2021 (ClinicalTrials. gov NCT04994873). Results The STEP protocol was approved by the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH) Data and Safety Monitoring Board on March 4, 2022. The RCT is currently in progress. Discussion The STEP protocol is an innovative, adjunctive treatment that has the potential to have positive effects on adolescent suicidal ideation and attempts beyond that found for standard treatment alone.
COMPARISON OF THE EFFECTIVENESS OF TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION THERAPY WITH AND WITHOUT COGNITIVE REHABILITATION IN PATIENTS WITH BIPOLAR DISORDER$$$ Introduction: The main aim of the present study is to compare the effectiveness of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and simultaneous computer-based cognitive rehabilitation therapy (CRT) on improving mood symptoms and cognitive functions of bipolar disorder Method: This research is a clinical trial using a pre-test and post-test method after the intervention. For this, 23 patients were selected Atieh Clinic’s clients using purposive sampling. The participants were randomly assigned to rTMS (n=16) and a combination of rTMS and CRT (n=7) groups. Patients received magnetic stimulation, during 18 sessions of 30 minutes:10 Hz over the left dorsolateral pre-frontal and 1 Hz over the right dorsolateral pre-frontal cortex. While the second group received 14 sessions of forty-five minutes of cognitive rehabilitation therapy (CRT) immediately after rTMS treatment. The Bipolar Depression Rating Scale (BDRS) questionnaire, the Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery (CANTAB), and the recording of brain waves in the state of rest and task (GO-NOGo) were performed for evaluating participants. Result: Depression symptoms were decreased in both groups. In the comparison of the two groups, there are significant differences in the cognitive preprocessing components (an increase in the P200 peak and N200 peak latency in the rTMS-CRT group compared to the rTMS group, also decreased the N100 peak latency and an increase in the N200 latency in the (Pz) was indicated). Conclusion: It seems that the P300 component is much more stable than the other ERP components. In the cognitive performance task, the two scales related to " sustained attention " and the “ spatial planning and the working memory ” significantly changed in the rTMS group But in the other group, only "Mean latency to first choice" of the working memory subscale decreased after treatment. Declaration of Interest Statement: None
EXPLORING THE POTENTIAL OF TRANSCRANIAL DIRECT CURRENT STIMULATION FOR RELIEVING CENTRAL POST-STROKE PAIN: A RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED PILOT STUDY$$$ Background and Aims: This study investigated the effectiveness of tDCS for treating CPSP and explored the impact of lesion location. The tDCS and sham groups showed no significant difference, although the tDCS group displayed significant changes. These findings suggest that the impact of tDCS on CPSP may not be definitive but provide important insights for further research. Methods: The study used tDCS to target the primary motor cortex (M1) for 20 minutes, 5 times a week for 2 weeks, with a sham device as a control. Changes in pain, depression, and quality of life scores were assessed using BPI, BDI, and EQ5D, respectively, with post and follow-up evaluations conducted. Results: The study involved 22 participants with CPSP, divided into tDCS and sham groups. The tDCS group showed a significant change in pain, depression, and quality of life scores, but there was no significant difference between the two groups. These results suggest that tDCS may be a potential treatment for CPSP regardless of the location of the lesion. Conclusions: The study found no significant improvement in tDCS therapy for CPSP patients compared to the sham group, but the tDCS group analysis showed a significant change, and the effect on pain varied depending on the lesion. TDCS may have potential as a pain therapy tool and could inform the study of other neuro control interventions.
Identifying Neurophysiological Markers of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Treatment-Resistant Depression Using Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation–Electroencephalography$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is effective for treatment-resistant depression, but the effects of iTBS on neurophysiological markers remain unclear. Here, we indexed transcranial magnetic stimulation–electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) markers, specifically, the N45 and N100 amplitudes, at baseline and post-iTBS, comparing separated and contiguous iTBS schedules. TMS-EEG markers were also compared between iTBS responders and nonresponders. Methods: TMS-EEG was analyzed from a triple-blind 1:1 randomized trial for treatment-resistant depression, comparing a separated (54-minute interval) and contiguous (0-minute interval) schedule of 2 × 600-pulse iTBS for 30 treatments. Participants underwent TMS-EEG over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at baseline and posttreatment. One hundred fourteen participants had usable TMS-EEG at baseline, and 98 at posttreatment. TMS-evoked potential components (N45, N100) were examined via global mean field analysis. Results: The N100 amplitude decreased from baseline to posttreatment, regardless of the treatment group (F1,106 = 5.20, p =.02). There were no changes in N45 amplitude in either treatment group. In responders, the N100 amplitude decreased after iTBS (F1,102 = 11.30, p =.001, pcorrected =.0004). Responders showed higher posttreatment N45 amplitude than nonresponders (F1,94 = 4.11, p =.045, pcorrected =.016). Higher baseline N100 amplitude predicted lower post-iTBS depression scores (F4,106 = 6.28, p =.00014). Conclusions: These results provide further evidence for an association between the neurophysiological effects of iTBS and treatment efficacy in treatment-resistant depression. Future studies are needed to test the predictive potential for clinical applications of TMS-EEG markers.
Acute pain drives different effects on local and global cortical excitability in motor and prefrontal areas: insights into interregional and interpersonal differences in pain processing$$$ Pain-related depression of corticomotor excitability has been explored using transcranial magnetic stimulation-elicited motor-evoked potentials. Transcranial magnetic stimulation-electroencephalography now enables non-motor area cortical excitability assessments, offering novel insights into cortical excitability changes during pain states. Here, pain-related cortical excitability changes were explored in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and primary motor cortex (M1). Cortical excitability was recorded in 24 healthy participants before (Baseline), during painful heat (Acute Pain), and non-noxious warm (Warm) stimulation at the right forearm in a randomized sequence, followed by a pain-free stimulation measurement. Local cortical excitability was assessed as the peak-to-peak amplitude of early transcranial magnetic stimulation evoked potential, whereas global-mean field power measured the global excitability. Relative to the Baseline, Acute Pain decreased the peak-to-peak amplitude in M1 and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex compared with Warm (both P < 0.05). A reduced global-mean field power was only found in M1 during Acute Pain compared with Warm (P = 0.003). Participants with the largest reduction in local cortical excitability under Acute Pain showed a negative correlation between dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and M1 local cortical excitability (P = 0.006). Acute experimental pain drove differential pain-related effects on local and global cortical excitability changes in motor and non-motor areas at a group level while also revealing different interindividual patterns of cortical excitability changes, which can be explored when designing personalized treatment plans.
The Effects of Dance Interventions on Depression in Older Adults: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Meta-analyses of the effects of dance on depressive symptoms in older adults have shown contradictory results, but few primary studies were included (5 and 8 studies). We aimed to examine the effects of dance on depressive symptoms in older adults aged 60 years and older and to examine the moderator effects of the source, participants, methods, and intervention characteristics. We included 23 primary studies that compared depressive symptoms across dance and comparison/control groups of older adults (72 ± 6.7 years old) and were written in English (N = 1,398) participants. Dance groups showed significantly less depressive symptoms post-intervention than comparison groups (ES = 0.66, 95% CI [0.42, 0.91], p <.001, I2 = 76.80%). South America and Australia showed the greatest effects. Using quasi-experimental designs showed significant effect sizes compared to using randomized designs. Only one quality indicator, intention-to-treat, influenced effect size. Dance might be used as an alternative treatment to improve depression.
A New Solution to an Age-old Problem: A Review of Ketamine and Esketamine for Treatment-resistant Depression in Late Life$$$ Purpose of Review : Treatment-resistant depression in the elderly has been associated with increased disability, hospitalization, functional and cognitive decline, caregiver burden, frailty, healthcare utilization, and overall mortality. Current treatment strategies have significant limitations in this vulnerable population. The purpose of this review is to summarize and report the latest data on the safety and efficacy of ketamine and esketamine in older adults with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (TRD). Recent Findings : Early case report and case series data on the use of ketamine in patients over 65 set the stage for the publication of several recent open label and randomized, blinded clinical trials. While results are variable and not always statistically significant, most trials repeatedly demonstrate antidepressant effect with good safety and tolerability. Summary : A preponderance of the recent literature suggest that ketamine and esketamine are safe and well tolerated in older adults. Anti-depressant effects have been repeatedly demonstrated. As might be the case with other antidepressants, some older adults may have a delayed onset of action with ketamine/esketamine beyond the usual 4-week induction period. There may also be evidence to suggest that those with depression onset earlier in life respond better than those with late onset depression and that patients over 75 may have reduced efficacy. The use of these agents in older adults requires additional study to better understand their place in the algorithm for late life depression (especially compared to electroconvulsive therapy), the types of patients most likely to benefit, and potential long term cognitive, urological, or suicide risks. Taken together and in consideration of the degree of disability and suffering caused by late life TRD, the current state of the literature on the use of ketamine and esketamine in older adults supports their place as a viable and safe option within the larger treatment algorithm.
Efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants in children and adolescents with depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with antidepressants benefited adults with depression while its efficacy and safety in children and adolescents with depression remain controversial. Methods: We searched PubMed, Embase, the Cochrane Library, Web of Science, CINAHL, LILACS, PsycINFO, CNKI, Wanfang Data Knowledge Service Platform, a Chinese Biology Medical disc database, and relevant clinical registration databases for randomized controlled trials from their inception to October 18, 2022. The efficacy of the treatment was assessed by changes in depression rating scale scores. Safety was assessed by the incidence of adverse events. Heterogeneity was determined using the Cochrane Q statistics and I2 statistics. Publication bias was assessed by Egger's test. Results: Eighteen studies from 10 datasets (1396 patients, 64.7 % female, age range from 8 to 24 years old). The pooled mean-endpoint scores of the depression scale for rTMS combined with the antidepressant group were significantly lower than those of sham combined with the antidepressant group both in two weeks (MD = -4.68, 95 % CI: [−6.66, −2.69]; I2 = 91 %; P < 0.05) and four weeks (MD = −5.53, 95 % CI: [−9.90, −1.16]; I2 = 98 %; P < 0.05). There were no differences in safety (OR = 0.64, 95 % CI: [0.20, 2.04]; I2 = 64 %; P = 0.45) and acceptability between the two groups (3/70 vs 3/70). Limitation: Heterogeneity was found in this study due to the limited number of original studies included. Conclusion: rTMS combined with antidepressants enhanced the efficacy of the antidepressant medication. The safety and acceptability of the two groups were comparable. These findings may help guide future research and clinical practice.
The longer, the better ? Longer left-sided prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is effective for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, whether longer piTBS treatment in a single session could have antidepressant efficacy remains elusive. Therefore, this double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study aimed to investigate the antidepressant efficacy of 2 daily piTBS sessions for treating MDD patients with a history of poor responses to at least 1 adequate antidepressant trial in the current episode. Methods: All patients received 2 uninterrupted sessions per day for 10 weekdays (i.e., 2 weeks; a total of 20 sessions). Seventy-two patients were recruited and 1:1:1 randomly assigned to one of three groups: piTBS (piTBSx2), 10-Hz rTMS (rTMSx2), or sham treatment (shamx2, randomly assigned to piTBS or rTMS). 10-Hz rTMS group was included as an active comparison group to enhance assay sensitivity. Results: piTBSx2 group had significantly more responders at week 2 than shamx2 group, but it did not yield better antidepressant effects regarding the %depression changes. The changes of antidepressant scores were not different among the three groups at week 1 (−26.2% vs. −23.3% vs. −22.%) or at week 2 (−34.1% vs. −37.1% vs. −30.1%). Longer treatment duration did not result in stronger placebo effects [sham(piTBS)x2: − 31.7% vs. sham(rTMS)x2: − 26.7%]. Conclusion: The present sham-controlled study confirmed that piTBS is an effective antidepressant option, but found no evidence to support that longer piTBS treatment duration resulted in more rapid or better antidepressant effects. A high placebo effect was observed, but longer treatment duration of brain stimulation was not linearly associated with stronger placebo effects.
Migraine: Advances in the Pathogenesis and Treatment$$$ This article presents a comprehensive review on migraine, a prevalent neurological disorder characterized by chronic headaches, by focusing on their pathogenesis and treatment advances. By examining molecular markers and leveraging imaging techniques, the research identifies key mechanisms and triggers in migraine pathology, thereby improving our understanding of its pathophysiology. Special emphasis is given to the role of calcitonin gene-related peptide (CGRP) in migraine development. CGRP not only contributes to symptoms but also represents a promising therapeutic target, with inhibitors showing effectiveness in migraine management. The article further explores traditional medical treatments, scrutinizing the mechanisms, benefits, and limitations of commonly prescribed medications. This provides a segue into an analysis of emerging therapeutic strategies and their potential to enhance migraine management. Finally, the paper delves into neuromodulation as an innovative treatment modality. Clinical studies indicating its effectiveness in migraine management are reviewed, and the advantages and limitations of this technique are discussed. In summary, the article aims to enhance the understanding of migraine pathogenesis and present novel therapeutic possibilities that could revolutionize patient care.
A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Cognitive Effects of rTMS in Caucasian Patients with Mild Cognitive Impairment$$$ In recent years, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has received much attention as a non-invasive, effective treatment modality for mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Although several meta-analyses have reported that rTMS can improve cognitive abilities, improvements in individual memory domains (speech, language, concentration, and memory) are poorly understood. In addition, stimulation parameters may be flawed in studies of global populations because of ethnic differences between Caucasians and Asians. This meta-analysis aimed to systematically characterize the efficacy of different combinations of rTMS parameters on different cognitive domains in Caucasian patients with MCI. We conducted a systematic literature search in Medline PubMed, Pubpsych, and Embase on the use of rTMS in MCI patients through November 2022. Randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) from the Caucasian patient population were included. The studies reported outcome measures for different domains of cognition, such as language, concentration, or memory. Possible effects of covariates were examined using meta-regressions. The search yielded five publications. The analyses found that rTMS improved cognitive functions, memory, concentration, and language in patients with MCI and treatment with rTMS compared with the sham stimulation group. The statistical analysis results of the studies showed that rTMS could improve various cognitive functions, such as memory and concentration, in Caucasian MCI patients. A particular effect was found at a frequency of 10 Hz and stimulation of the LDLPFC. However, further studies are needed to validate these findings and explore more effective stimulation protocols and targets.
The Effect of Continuous Theta Burst Stimulation over the Right Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex on Cognitive Function and Emotional Regulation in Patients with Cerebral Small Vessel Disease$$$ Objectives: Cognitive impairment in cerebral small vessel disease (CSVD) is a common cause of vascular dementia and is often accompanied by mental disorders. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on the cognitive function and Hamilton depression (HAMD) scores in patients with CSVD. Methods: A total of 30 CSVD patients who met the inclusion criteria were randomly assigned to either the sham or cTBS group. The patients in both groups received routine cognitive function training. All the patients were under treatment for 14 sessions, with one session per day (each cTBS conditioning session consisted of three-pulse bursts at 50 Hz repeated at 5 Hz, 80% MT, and 600 pulses). Before and after the treatment, the patients in both groups were evaluated using the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), Stroop Color-Word Test (SCWT), Trail Marking Test (TMT), Digital Span Test (DST), and HAMD test. The time to complete the SCWT and TMT were recorded. The scores of the MoCA, DST and HAMD test were recorded. Results: The HAMD scores in the cTBS group decreased significantly compared to the control (p < 0.05). There were no significant differences in the MoCA (including the MoCA subitems) or DST scores or in the SCWT or TMT completion times between the two groups (p > 0.05). For the HAMD scores and the MoCA subitem visuospatial/executive scores, the SCWT-B and SCWT-C completion times in the two groups both improved significantly before and after treatment (p < 0.05). For the MoCA scores, the DST-backward scores and the TMT-B completion times in the cTBS group improved significantly before and after treatment (p < 0.05). There was no significant difference in the SCWT-A, TMT-A completion times and MoCA subitems naming, attention, language, abstraction, delayed recall, and orientation scores either before or after treatment in the two groups or between the two groups (p > 0.05). Conclusions: In this study, cTBS over the right DLPFC decreased the HAMD scores significantly in patients with CSVD but had no significant improvement or impairment effects on cognitive function. cTBS over the right DLPFC could be used to treat CSVD patients with depression symptoms.
Efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions on improving sleep quality in depressed patients: A systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Depression and sleep are closely related and tend to affect each other. To improve the sleep quality in depressed patients and the depression severity, there is an urgent need to find safer and more effective treatments - non-pharmacological interventions. This network meta-analysis aimed to investigate the effects of non-pharmacological interventions on improving sleep quality of patients with depression. Methods: All published literature were searched from four databases (Pubmed, Embase, Cochrane, Web of Science) as of November 2022. The risk of bias of the included studies was assessed using the Cochrane Systematic Review Manual 2.0 bias risk assessment tool. The primary outcome was sleep quality and, the secondary outcome was depression severity. Results: This study included 26 randomized controlled trials, involving 11 interventions and 3748 depressed patients. Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) (SMD: 2.80; 95% CI: 1.63,3.96), aromatherapy (SMD: 3.95; 95% CI: 0.71,7.19), and acupuncture (SMD:3.49; 95% CI: 0.88,6.10) statistically and significantly improved sleep quality, compared to education only. CBT and acupuncture both were significantly more effective than education in depression severity. The cluster analysis showed that acupuncture, exercise, and cognitive-behavioral therapy were considered to be more effective non-pharmacological interventions. Conclusion: Non-pharmacological interventions are promising in the daily care of depressed patients. In future research, we should value the need for psychological and social aspects of psychiatric care and make better use of nonpharmacological interventions through the biopsychosocial model. (PROSPERO registration number: CRD42023402316).
Efficacy of Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation for Treating Depression in Patients with Traumatic Brain Injury: A Meta-Analysis and Meta-Regression of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Objective: This meta-analysis aimed to ascertain the efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS)—comprising repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)—for depression in traumatic brain injury (TBI) patients. Methods: Comprehensive searches were conducted in PubMed, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials up to 28 January 2023. Random-effects models assessed the treatment effects, and heterogeneity was evaluated through I2 statistics and funnel plot inspection. Results: From 10 trials (234 participants; 8 rTMS, 2 tDCS), NIBS was found significantly more effective than sham in alleviating depressive symptoms (SMD: 0.588, 95% CI: 0.264–0.912; p < 0.001). rTMS, specifically, showed higher efficacy (SMD: 0.707, 95% CI: 0.306–1.108; p = 0.001) compared to sham, whereas tDCS outcomes were inconclusive (SMD: 0.271, 95% CI: −0.230 to 0.771; p = 0.289). Meta-regression found no correlation with the number of sessions, treatment intensity, or total dose. Notably, while post-treatment effects were significant, they diminished 1–2 months post intervention. Adverse events associated with NIBS were minimal, with no severe outcomes like seizures and suicide reported. Conclusions: rTMS emerged as a potent short-term intervention for depression in TBI patients, while tDCS findings remained equivocal. The long-term efficacy of NIBS is yet to be established, warranting further studies. The low adverse event rate reaffirms NIBS’s potential safety.
Digital cognitive behavioural therapy (D.CBT) for pregnancy-related depression and sleep disturbances: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective. Between 5% and 30% of women during the pregnancy and postpartum periods may suffer from depression. The management modalities are ranging from coping and support to medications and electroconvulsive therapy. Our study aimed to assess whether digital cognitive behavioural therapy (D.CBT) can improve pregnancy-related mood and sleep disorders. Materials and Methods. We combed four databases, Web of Science, PubMed, Scopus, and Cochrane Library. Randomized control trials comparing D.CBT with any control group for pregnancy-related depression and sleep disorders were selected for this study. Results. We included 14 studies based on the original data of 12 trials. D.CBT significantly decreased the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) after eight weeks compared to the control (MD =-2.77; 95%CI-4.01 to-1.53; p < 0.0001); however, no significant difference after four weeks of intervention or after six weeks of delivery. After eight weeks, D.CBT significantly decreased Inventory of Depression and Anxiety Symptoms (IDAS) (SMD =-0.48; 95%CI-0.78 to-0.18; p = 0.002), while after only four weeks, D.CBT was associated with higher IDAS than the control (SMD = 0.56; 95%CI 0.26 to 0.86; p = 0.0002). Also, D.CBT significantly decreased Generalized Anxiety Disorder Scale (GAD-7) (MD =-1.73; 95%CI-2.63 to-0.83; p = 0.0002), and Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) (MD =-3.45; 95%CI-5.66 to-1.24; p = 0.002) when compared to the control. Conclusions. D.CBT shows some promising outcomes in treating pregnant women’s depression and sleep difficulties as decreasing Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), Depression and Anxiety Symptoms (IDAS), Generalized Anxiety Disorder Scale (GAD-7), and Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), especially after eight weeks of the intervention.
Artificial intelligence in psychiatry research, diagnosis, and therapy$$$ Psychiatric disorders are now responsible for the largest proportion of the global burden of disease, and even more challenges have been seen during the COVID-19 pandemic. Artificial intelligence (AI) is commonly used to facilitate the early detection of disease, understand disease progression, and discover new treatments in the fields of both physical and mental health. The present review provides a broad overview of AI methodology and its applications in data acquisition and processing, feature extraction and characterization, psychiatric disorder classification, potential biomarker detection, real-time monitoring, and interventions in psychiatric disorders. We also comprehensively summarize AI applications with regard to the early warning, diagnosis, prognosis, and treatment of specific psychiatric disorders, including depression, schizophrenia, autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, addiction, sleep disorders, and Alzheimer's disease. The advantages and disadvantages of AI in psychiatry are clarified. We foresee a new wave of research opportunities to facilitate and improve AI technology and its long-term implications in psychiatry during and after the COVID-19 era.
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in major depressive disorder: A systematic review$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder [MDD] is expected to be the leading cause of overall global burden of disease by the year 2030 [WHO]. Non-response to first line pharmacological and psychotherapeutic antidepressive treatments is substantial, with treatment-resistant depression [TRD] affecting approximately one third of depressed patients. There is an urgent need for rapid acting and effective treatments in this population. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation [rTMS] is an non-invasive treatment option for patients with MDD or TRD. Recent studies have proposed new paradigms of TMS, one paradigm is accelerated intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation [aiTBS]. Objective: This systematic review assesses the efficacy, safety and tolerability of aiTBS in patients with MDD. Methods: This review was registered with PROSPERO [ID number: 366556]. A systematic literature review was performed using Pubmed, Web of Science and PsycINFO. Case reports/series, open-label and randomized controlled trials [RCTs] were eligible for inclusion if they met the following criteria; full text publication available in English describing a form of aiTBS for MDD or TRD. aiTBS was defined as at least three iTBS treatments sessions per day, during at least four days for one week. Results: 32 studies were identified describing aiTBS in MDD, 13 studies described overlapping samples. Six articles from five unique studies met eligibility criteria; two open-label studies and three RCTs [two double blind and one quadruple blind]. Response rates directly after treatment ranged from 20.0% to 86.4% and remission rates ranged from 10.0 to 86.4%. Four weeks after treatment response rates ranged from 0.0% to 66.7% and remission rates ranged from 0.0% to 57.1%. Three articles described a significant reduction in suicidality scores. aiTBS was well tolerated and safe, with no serious adverse events reported. Conclusions: aiTBS is a promising form of non-invasive brain stimulation [NIBS] with rapid antidepressant and antisuicidal effects in MDD. Additionally, aiTBS was well tolerated and safe. However, the included studies had small samples sizes and differed in frequency, intersession interval, neuro localization and stimulation intensity. Replication studies and larger RCTs are warranted to establish efficacy, safety and long term effects.
Effects of Intraoperative Local Pain Cocktail Injections on Early Function and Patient-Reported Outcomes: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective:To determine whether a perioperative pain cocktail injection improves postoperative pain, ambulation distance, and long-term outcomes in patients with hip fracture.Design:Prospective, single-blinded, randomized controlled trial.Setting:Academic Medical Center.Patients/Participants:Patients with OTA/AO 31A1-3 and 31B1-3 fractures undergoing operative fixation, excluding arthroplasty.Intervention:Multimodal local injection of bupivacaine (Marcaine), morphine sulfate (Duramorph), ketorolac (Toradol) given at the fracture site at the time of hip fracture surgery (Hip Fracture Injection, HiFI).Main Outcome Measurements:Patient-reported pain, American Pain Society Patient Outcome Questionnaire (APS-POQ), narcotic usage, length of stay, postoperative ambulation, Short Musculoskeletal Function Assessment.Results:Seventy-five patients were in the treatment group and 109 in the control group. Patients in the HiFI group had a significant reduction in pain and narcotic usage compared with the control group on postoperative day (POD) 0 (P < 0.01). Based on the APS-POQ, patients in the control group had a significantly harder time falling asleep, staying asleep, and experienced increased drowsiness on POD 1 (P < 0.01). Patient ambulation distance was greater on POD 2 (P < 0.01) and POD 3 (P < 0.05) in the HiFI group. The control group experienced more major complications (P < 0.05). At 6-week postop, patients in the treatment group reported significantly less pain, better ambulatory function, less insomnia, less depression, and better satisfaction than the control group as measured by the APS-POQ. The Short Musculoskeletal Function Assessment bothersome index was also significantly lower for patients in the HiFI group, P < 0.05.Conclusions:Intraoperative HiFI not only improved early pain management and increased ambulation in patients undergoing hip fracture surgery while in the hospital, it was also associated with early improved health-related quality of life after discharge.Level of Evidence:Therapeutic Level I. See Instructions for Authors for a complete description of levels of evidence.
The Efficacy and Tolerability of Continuation and Maintenance Electroconvulsive Therapy for Depression: A Systematic Review of Randomized and Observational Studies$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for severe and treatment-resistant depression, but relapse rates remain high despite maintenance pharmacotherapy. Continuation or maintenance ECT (C/M-ECT) offers the potential to prevent relapses in the most unwell patients, but there remains disagreement among guidelines regarding its efficacy and tolerability. This review aims to summarize and assess the current evidence for the efficacy and tolerability of continuation and maintenance ECT for depression, including data from randomized and observational studies, which included an appropriate control group. Twenty studies were found meeting inclusion criteria. There was evidence from 14 studies suggesting that relapse rates are reduced in those receiving C/M-ECT. There was evidence from 6 studies suggesting that C/M-ECT had no effect on global cognitive function. Detailed neuropsychological testing was limited, but within studies that assessed specific cognitive domains, there was not consistent evidence for deficits in C/M-ECT compared with the control group. The certainty of evidence across outcomes was low or very low because of inclusion of observational studies, heterogeneity of study design, and patient populations. The findings add further weight to evidence suggesting that C/M-ECT is a viable treatment option to prevent relapse in severe depression and provides clinicians with further evidence for the benefits and risks of C/M-ECT when discussing treatment options with patients. Future research should focus on randomized or well-designed prospective studies with sufficient follow-up to determine longer-term outcomes, while including a standardized, detailed neurocognitive battery to assess potential adverse effects.
Exploring the Utility of Neurostimulation Therapies in the Treatment of Borderline Personality Disorder: A Systematic Literature Review$$$ The use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of people diagnosed with borderline personality disorder (BPD) highlights the need for systematic review of the evidence supporting this practice. A comprehensive literature search identified seven original clinical research studies investigating the use of brain stimulation therapies in people diagnosed with BPD. The lack of consistent study design, diagnostic methodology, treatment parameters, and outcome measures precluded analysis of aggregated study results. There were no ECT studies evaluating BPD symptom outcomes; however, studies of ECT in patients with comorbid BPD and depression suggested that depressive symptoms were less responsive to ECT compared with depression-only patients. The few studies available suggest that TMS may lead to clinically and statistically significant improvements in BPD symptoms and depressive symptoms. Similar overall improvements were reported despite the use of heterogeneous TMS treatment protocols, highlighting the importance of including a sham condition to investigate the contribution of the placebo effect to overall improvement. There is still no clear evidence supporting the use of ECT for treating people with BPD (with or without depression); therefore, the use of ECT in this population should be approached with caution. Although TMS shows early promise, the low numbers of participants in the few available studies suggest the urgent need for larger randomized controlled trials to provide an evidence base for this increasingly popular treatment.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of middle-aged and elderly major depressive disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Studies have reported the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). However, most studies focus on antidepressant effect of rTMS, but few on cognitive aspects. The present study aimed to explore the effect of rTMS on BDNF levels and cognitive function in the treatment of middle-aged and elderly MDD. Methods: This was a randomized controlled trial. A total of 120 elderly patients with MDD treated in The Second Affiliated Hospital of Xi'an Medical University from January 2021 to January 2023 were selected as research subjects. The patients were randomly divided into control group (n = 60, patients received simple oral treatment with escitalopram and sham rTMS) and study group (n = 60, patients received oral treatment with escitalopram combined with rTMS) according to the random number table method. We compared the clinical efficacy, serum BDNF levels, and cognitive function between the 2 groups. Results: After treatment, the HAMD-17 score in the study group was lower than that in the control group [13.00 (12.00-16.00) vs 17.00 (15.00-19.00), P < .05], and the RBANS score was higher than that in the control group [166.00 (161.25-171.75) vs 133.00 (130.00-136.75), P < .05]. The total effective rate of the research group was 95.0%, which was higher than the 82.0% of the control group (P < .05). The serum BDNF levels [36.00 (33.00-38.00) vs 30.00 (28.00-32.00), P < .05] and MoCA scores [24.00 (22.00-26.75) vs 23.00 (21.00-25.00), P < .05] of the study group were higher than those of the control group. There were no significant adverse reactions during the treatment of both groups. Conclusions: Compared with oral escitalopram alone, repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of middle-aged and elderly patients with major depressive disorder can further improve the efficacy, and can more effectively improve the BDNF level and cognitive function, with ideal safety.
A randomized trial comparing beam F3 and 5.5 cm targeting in rTMS treatment of depression demonstrates similar effectiveness$$$ Background: The Beam F3 and 5.5 cm methods are the two most common targeting strategies for localizing the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) treatment site in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols. This prospective, randomized, double-blind comparative effectiveness trial assesses the clinical outcomes for these two methods in a naturalistic sample of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) undergoing clinical rTMS treatment. Methods: 105 adult patients with MDD (mean age = 43.2; range = 18–73; 66% female) were randomized to receive rTMS to the Beam F3 (n = 58) or 5.5 cm (n = 47) target. Between group differences from pre-to post-treatment were evaluated with the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) [primary outcome measure], Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7), and clinician-administered Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Scale (MADRS). Primary treatment endpoint was completion of daily treatment series. Results: Per-protocol analyses showed no statistically significant differences on any measure between the F3 and 5.5 cm groups (all p ≥ 0.50), including percent improvement (PHQ-9: 39% vs. 39%; GAD-7: 34% vs. 27%; MADRS: 40% vs. 38%), response rate (PHQ-9: 37% vs. 43%; GAD-7: 27% vs. 30%; MADRS: 43% vs. 43%), and remission rate (PHQ-9: 22% vs. 21%; MADRS: 20% vs. 19%). Post hoc analysis of anxiety symptom change while controlling for depression severity suggested more favorable anxiolytic effects with 5.5 cm targeting (p = 0.03). Conclusions: Similar antidepressant effects were observed with DLFPC rTMS using either the Beam F3 or 5.5 cm targeting method, supporting clinical equipoise in MDD patients with head circumference ≤ 60 cm. Comparison to MRI-based targeting and differential effects on anxiety symptoms require further investigation. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT03378570.
Dosing transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder: Relations between number of treatment sessions and effectiveness in a large patient registry$$$ Background: The number of sessions in an acute TMS course for major depressive disorder (MDD) is greater than in the earlier randomized controlled trials. Objective: To compare clinical outcomes in groups that received differing numbers of TMS sessions. Methods: From a registry sample (N = 13,732), data were extracted for 7215 patients treated for MDD with PHQ-9 assessments before and after their TMS course. Groups were defined by number of acute course treatment sessions: 1–19 (N = 658), 20–29 (N = 616), 30–35 (N = 1375), 36 (N = 3591), 37–41 (N = 626), or >41 (N = 349) and compared in clinical outcomes at endpoint and at fixed intervals (after 10, 20, 30, and 36 sessions). The impact of additional treatments beyond 36 sessions was also examined. Results: Groups that received fewer than 30 sessions had inferior endpoint outcomes than all other groups. PHQ-9 symptom reduction was greatest in the group that ended treatment at 36 sessions. The extended treatment groups (>36 sessions) differed from all other groups by manifesting less antidepressant response early in the course and had a slower but steady rate of improvement over time. Extending treatment beyond 36 sessions was associated with further improvement without evidence of a plateau. Conclusions: In real-world practice, there are strong relations between the number of TMS sessions in a course and the magnitude of symptom reduction. Courses with less than 30 sessions are associated with diminished benefit. Patients with longer than standard courses typically show less initial improvement and a more gradual trajectory, but meaningful benefit accrues with treatment beyond 36 sessions.
Concurrent fMRI-Guided rTMS and Cognitive Therapy for the Treatment of Major Depressive Episodes$$$ Background: While repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is FDA-approved as a treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), its efficacy remains moderate, due in part to imprecise targeting and a lack of consideration for brain state. Objective: Assess the feasibility and tolerability of combining fMRI-guided rTMS with therapy to improve the efficacy of rTMS as a treatment for MDD. Methods: In this double-blinded randomized clinical trial, 50 adults with MDD will undergo fMRI acquisition with a self-reflective task, mood ratings, and electrophysiological measurements, before and after active or sham rTMS treatment delivered concurrently with therapy. The six-week treatment phase includes 30 10-Hz rTMS treatment sessions, with individualized fMRI targeting and psychotherapy. After the six-week treatment, standard-of-care treatment (including conventional rTMS) is offered, with three follow-up mood assessments. Results: 19 patients have been enrolled to date (7 male, 12 female, mean ± SD age = 42 ± 13). There was one serious adverse event - syncope during rTMS. Twelve participants completed all three study phases, and none withdrew from the study due to complications from the combination of therapy with rTMS. BOLDresponses to the self-reflective task indicatemoderate success with target identification within the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (tmin = 1.312, tmax = 5.232, mean = 2.655, SD = 1.065). Conclusions: The identification of a reliable rTMS target and the completion rate are promising indications of the feasibility and tolerability of this study. Future expansion of the study will include six groups randomized between sham, conventional, and neuro-navigated rTMS and active/placebo therapy.
Effects of Anaesthetic Agendas on Electroconvulsive Therapy-Associated Cognitive Impairment: Comparison of Propofol-Ketamine Mixture$$$ Introduction: Combining ketamine, a glutamate receptor blocker with another anesthetic agent such as propofol to prevents or attenuate ECT- associated cognitive impairment (ECTACI) is gaining popularity in reducing ECTACI. Methods: This was a prospective double- blind, randomized controlled trial, conducted at two independent centers, in which 96 patients with American Society of Anesthesiologists' (ASA) physical status score 1 and 2, aged 18-65 years with DSM V Major depressive Disorder were randomized into the treatment and control group, n = 48 respectively. All patients received intravenous glycopyrrolate 0.2 mg as premedication prior induction of anesthesia. the treatment group received intravenous propofol 0.6 mg/kg and ketamine 0.6 mg/kg, while the control group was anaesthetized with intravenous propofol 1.2 mg/kg while. All participants received intravenous suxamethonium 0.5mg/kg formuscle relaxation.Measured parameters included heart rate, blood pressure, mean arterial pressure, Oxygen Saturation, electrocardiography, and end-tidal Carbon dioxide. Each of the participants had bilateral ECT with electric stimulation delivered with ECT device Ectonus MK 6 ECT Apparatus, Ectron Ltd England. Following the electrical shock, the patient was manually ventilated with 100% Oxygen until return of spontaneous respiration. Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) was utilized in assessing cognition of the patients before commencement of ECT, after the third session and at the completion of ECT. Analysis was performed using the t test and 2-way analysis of variance, using the SPSS 23.0. Results: The baseline mean MMSE scores were also similar in the two groups,27.8 ± 1.2 and 28.3 ± 1.5, p = 0.07. Mean MMSE scores after the third ECT session were significantly higher in the ketofol group compared with the propofol group, 27.22 ± 2.2 vs 26.22 ± 2.2 p = 0.03. Conclusion: The study concludes that Combining ketamine with propofol reduces ECT-induced cognitive impairment.
Pupillometry in ECT: Updated Results$$$ Background: Pupillometry reflects medication effects, sympathetic and parasympathetic activity, and neurological and psychiatric disease severity. Pupillometry may improve clinical practice and research in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Objectives: Observe pupillary changes during ECT treatments for unipolar depression, assess the feasibility of pupillometry in routine practice, and investigate correlations with clinical outcomes. Design/Methods: Single-site prospective observational non-randomized cohort pilot study. Pupillometry was obtained across 10 time points during ECT treatments using a portable hand- held infrared quantitative automated pupillometer device (NeurOptics PLRTM-3000, Irvine, CA). Eight pupillary parameters were obtained at each time point in addition to clinical outcomes for depression severity, and cognition. Results: Twenty-five consented patients with unipolar depression (mean age 40.5, range 18- 62, 52%female) participated and underwent 72 ECT treatments (56% bilateral) to date. Pupillometry enabled routine treatments without significant disruption. Pupillary constriction and dilation velocity measures were unaffected by changing ambient light. Pupillary constriction velocity significantly decreased post-anesthesia and even more post-stimulus and remained low until 2 minutes after EEG seizure activity. Pupil diameters became smaller during post-ictal suppression. Most pupillary measures normalized in 10 to 30 minutes post- ECT. Certain pupillary parameters were affected by age. Patients with apparent ECT-related cognitive change according to Mini-Mental Status Examination or Brief ECT Cognitive Screen scores had lower constriction velocity immediately after the stimulus during the seizure. Conclusions: Repeated non-invasive pupillometry measures are feasible during routine ECT treatments and may be predictive of clinical outcomes such as cognitive status. Other analyses are in process.
Timing of Response to Standard 10 Hz TMS v Theta Burst Stimulation$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common and challenging condition that is usually treated with antidepressant medications, psychotherapy, or both. For thosewho lack a clinical response to these treatment modalities, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an evidence-based treatment option. The standard 10 Hz rTMS treatment spans 37.5 minutes; the time burden of this treatment can be a barrier for patients to receive care. A newer TMS protocol, intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS), is administered in 3 minutes. Objective: In this retrospective case control review, we aim to compare timing of response to 10 Hz rTMS versus intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS). Design/Methods: A retrospective chart review of patients that had completed both standard 10 Hz rTMS and iTBS rTMS revealed 4 patients. Demographic data, time to response and overall response was compared between treatment episodes. All patients had a diagnosis of MDD with histories of being unable to tolerate at least two antidepressants, and with PHQ-9 scores of at least 20. Response onset rate was determined by time for change in participants' depression rating scale scores. Subjective ratings, and where available objective rating scales were used. Results:We showed a superior response time using iTBS within subjects compared to standard 10 Hz rTMS. Conclusions: Both iTBS and the standard 10 Hz TMS protocol were well tolerated and safe. A differential time to response was noted, adding another favorable aspect to iTBS. Double-blinded, sham-controlled trials are needed to confirm the results observed in this retrospective review.
Effects of a combination therapy of music-based movement, neuromodulation, cognitive training, and emotion regulation on cognition, physical and mental fitness in community older adults: A three-arm randomized controlled trial$$$ Aims: To assess the effectiveness of combination therapy of music-based movement, neuromodulation, cognitive training, and emotion regulation (MNCE) on cognitive, physical, and mental fitness in community older adults. Methods: A single-center, three-arm, randomized trial was conducted with 175 older adults (mean age = 69.19 ± 6.47 years) recruited from the community. Participants were randomly assigned to a 12-week (2x/week, 35min/session) combination therapy (MNCE), cognitive training (CT), or control group (CG). MNCE program consists of 10 minutes of music-based movements, 15 minutes of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) synchronous cognitive training, and 10 minutes of cognitive behavioral therapy-based emotion regulation. Cognitive functioning, physical and mental fitness were evaluated at baseline and post-training. Results: As of June 11, 2023, 63 participants have completed the study (this study is still ongoing and expects to complete in September 2023). Comparing two interventions with the control, a significant increase in verbal memory (F=6.76, p<0.01), One-back task accuracy (F=9.39, p<0.01), and 3-level version of the EuroQol Five Dimensions Questionnaire (EQ- 5D-3L) self-rated score (F=18.53, p<0.01), was observed in the MNCE and CT. Participants in MNCE and CT had a significant reduction in One-back task time (F=14.77, p<0.01), EQ-5D-3L score (F=6.05, p<0.01), and Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) (F=5.55, p<0.01). The time of the 6-meter walking test and Five Times Sit to Stand Test (FTSST) decreased significantly specific to the MNCE group (F=3.98, p=0.02; F=4.60, p=0.01). Conclusions: Results suggest that both MNCE and CT may have a positive impact on memory, attention, quality of life, and depression in older adults. The MNCE also helped to improve participants' physical functioning, especially mobility and lower limb muscle strength. The sustained effects remain to be determined by the continuation of this study over the next three months. This study could serve as a model for designing future RCTs with combined nonpharmacological treatment interventions.
Local vibrations and spasticity treatment in subacute stroke: A controlled single-blinded randomized trial S. Julliand$$$ Introduction: Stroke is a worldwide leading cause of disability, with 27-40% of patients developing spasticity. Local muscle vibration has been proposed as a non-pharmacological treatment to overcome spasticity, showing positive Results during the chronic phase. However, information is still scarce about its effects on the subacute phase poststroke, which represent the best therapeutic window to promote neuroplasticity. More, little is known about the neurophysiological mechanisms subtending the beneficial effect of vibration on spasticity. Objectives: This protocol aims to evaluate the effects of 6 weeks of vibration program on the incidence of spasticity in the affected side of a subacute stroke population. A secondary Objective is to dissect the Methods: Inclusion and non-inclusion criteria described in Table 1. Figure 1 shows the protocol design with the main evaluations and measures. The intervention lasted 6 weeks, with 3 vibration sessions per week on the wrist and elbow flexors. The vibrated limb was relaxed and hidden. The control group (SHAM) received 40Hz-0.5mm vibrations through a foam band, whilst the intervention group (INT) received 80Hz-0.5mm vibrations directly on the skin. To measure spasticity, we used the modified clinical Ashworth scale (MAS), an isokinetic ergometer, and electromyograms. To evaluate the arm function, the Fugl-Meyer Assessment for upper extremity (FMA-UE) was performed. Spinal excitabil- ity was evaluated with the H/M ratio and the H-reflex postactivation depression (H-PAD) at the flexor carpi radialis (FCR). Corticospinal excitability was assessed with transcranial magnetic stimulation recorded at the FCR. Results: Nine patients have been recruited so far. Our results showed a good adherence of the studied population to the protocol. Both groups felt vibrations 100% of the time, with 0% illusions in the SHAM group and 86.3% illusions of wrist and arm movements in the INT group. We found a slim reduction in the MAS scores at the wrist and a slight improvement in the FMA-UE scores in the INT versus SHAM groups. The H-PAD and the H/M ratio seems to decrease and increase respectively, in both groups. Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first study investigating the impact of a chronic vibration protocol in a subacute stroke population. Patients' treatment adherence was good in our population and the difference of illusional perception between SHAM and INT groups seemed confirmed. Local muscle vibrations have shown a trend to improve the patient's functional impairments. Inclusion is ongoing and by the time of the congress, we will have more participants and more results to discuss. (Table Presented).
Exploring the potential of transcranial direct current stimulation for relieving central post-stroke pain: A randomized controlled pilot study$$$ Introduction: Pain can be caused by various factors, and continuous pain can negatively affect a patient's quality of life. Neuropathic pain caused by stroke, spinal cord injury, or multiple sclerosis is difficult to cure with painkillers. Central post-stroke pain (CPSP) is a type of neuropathic pain caused by a lesion or dysfunction of the central nervous system, and it is difficult to identify the pain mechanism that causes it. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, such as tDCS, have been studied as a treatment for CPSP. The tDCS could potentially stimulate the relevant areas of the brain to target pain mechanisms. The Objective of this study is to investigate whether tDCS has a significant effect on pain reduction in CPSP patients compared to a sham group, and to analyze the potential impact of lesion location on tDCS effectiveness in CPSP patients. Method: In this study, we used the DC-STIMULATOR PLUS [NeuroConn GmbH (Germany)] tDCS intervention method, which is based on the 10-20 System targeting the primary motor cortex (M1; C3, C4- Anode, over the contralateral supraorbital region-cathode) (Figure 1). The intervention lasted for 20 minutes (2mA), 5 times a week for 2 weeks. The sham device was the same as the tDCS group's test device, but the electrical stimulus was blocked. The control group received a post-evaluation (T1) two weeks after the baseline (T0), and the follow-up evaluation (T2) was conducted one week after the intervention was completed. The study measured changes in pain (BPI), depression (BDI), and quality of life (EQ5D) scores. Result: The study involved 22 participants with CPSP, all of whom completed the intervention, and no one dropped out. The participants were divided into two groups: TDCS (11 participants) and sham (11 participants). There was no significant difference in age or onset period between the two groups. The tDCS group showed a significant change in BPI, BDI, and EQ5D scores, while the sham group did not. But there was no significant difference in BPI, BDI and EQ5D score change between the tDCS group and the sham group (Figure 2). Conclusion: This study examined the effect of tDCS on pain, depression, and quality of life in CPSP patients, but found no significant improvement compared to the sham group. However, the tDCS group analysis showed significant changes, and the effect on pain varied depending on the lesion. This suggests that the impact of M1 tDCS intervention in patients with CPSP may not be definitive. These findings provide a framework for understanding the effects of tDCS in patients with CPSP. (Figure Presented).
Transcranial direct current stimulation as an additional treatment to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adults with major depressive disorder in Germany (DepressionDC): a triple-blind, randomised, sham-controlled, multicentre trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as a feasible treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, meta-analytic evidence is heterogenous and data from multicentre trials are scarce. We aimed to assess the efficacy of tDCS versus sham stimulation as an additional treatment to a stable dose of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in adults with MDD. Methods: The DepressionDC trial was triple-blind, randomised, and sham-controlled and conducted at eight hospitals in Germany. Patients being treated at a participating hospital aged 18–65 years were eligible if they had a diagnosis of MDD, a score of at least 15 on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (21-item version), no response to at least one antidepressant trial in their current depressive episode, and treatment with an SSRI at a stable dose for at least 4 weeks before inclusion; the SSRI was continued at the same dose during stimulation. Patients were allocated (1:1) by fixed-blocked randomisation to receive either 30 min of 2 mA bifrontal tDCS every weekday for 4 weeks, then two tDCS sessions per week for 2 weeks, or sham stimulation at the same intervals. Randomisation was stratified by site and baseline Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score (ie, <31 or ≥31). Participants, raters, and operators were masked to treatment assignment. The primary outcome was change on the MADRS at week 6, analysed in the intention-to-treat population. Safety was assessed in all patients who received at least one treatment session. The trial was registered with ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02530164). Findings: Between Jan 19, 2016, and June 15, 2020, 3601 individuals were assessed for eligibility. 160 patients were included and randomly assigned to receive either active tDCS (n=83) or sham tDCS (n=77). Six patients withdrew consent and four patients were found to have been wrongly included, so data from 150 patients were analysed (89 [59%] were female and 61 [41%] were male). No intergroup difference was found in mean improvement on the MADRS at week 6 between the active tDCS group (n=77; –8·2, SD 7·2) and the sham tDCS group (n=73; –8·0, 9·3; difference 0·3 [95% CI –2·4 to 2·9]). Significantly more participants had one or more mild adverse events in the active tDCS group (50 [60%] of 83) than in the sham tDCS group (33 [43%] of 77; p=0·028). Interpretation: Active tDCS was not superior to sham stimulation during a 6-week period. Our trial does not support the efficacy of tDCS as an additional treatment to SSRIs in adults with MDD. Funding: German Federal Ministry of Education and Research.
Erratum: Department of Error (The Lancet (2023) 402(10401) (545–554), (S0140673623006402), (10.1016/S0140-6736(23)00640-2))$$$ Burkhardt G, Kumpf U, Crispin A, et al. Transcranial direct current stimulation as an additional treatment to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in adults with major depressive disorder in Germany (DepressionDC): a triple-blind, randomised, sham-controlled, multicentre trial. Lancet 2023; 402: 545–54 —In this Article, line 3 and line 20 of the Randomisation and masking section should have said “(DC-Stimulator Mobile, neuroConn, Ilmenau, Germany)”. These corrections have been made to the online version as of Aug 10, 2023, and the printed version will be correct.
Effect of priming on adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of late-life depression: Protocol of a prospective randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Objective Priming stimulation, which involves high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) followed by low-frequency, has been shown to enhance neural response and is one of the novel paradigms found beneficial in adult patients with depression and has not been studied in late-life depression (LLD). This study aims to compare the effect of adjunctive priming vis-a-vis no priming rTMS over right dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), on treatment of LLD. Methods This trial is registered in Clinical Trial Registry-India (CTRI) on www.ctri.nic.in. CTRI registration number: CTRI/2020/08/027230. Forty patients of LLD who are symptomatic after an adequate antidepressant trial will be randomized into 2 groups (active priming and sham priming rTMS); each receiving 10 sessions of rTMS over 2 weeks. Patients will remain blind to treatment allocation. Assessments will be done using Hamilton rating scale for depression, Geriatric Depression Scale, Hamilton rating scale for Anxiety, Somatic Symptom Severity Scale 8, Hindi Mental Status Examination, and Clinical Global Impression scale at baseline, week 1, 2, and 4. Side effect checklist will be applied after each session in both groups and at the end of 4 weeks. Result Data will be analyzed using statistical software Statistical Package for Social Sciences. Both the groups (active and sham groups) will be compared at the four given timepoints. Also, the baseline characteristics will be compared with the 3 follow-up points for any change. Conclusion The findings of the study will give an insight to the possible role of priming to augment the effect of low-frequency rTMS in LLD.
The effect of High Definition Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (HD-tDCS) on pain in Somatic Symptom Disorder with predominant pain (SSD-P): a randomized single-blind sham controlled cross-over study$$$ Background: Somatic Symptom Disorder with predominant pain (SSD-P) is a common disorder with unsatisfactory treatment options. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is useful in chronic pain conditions. Objective: To assess the effect of two within session repeated High Definition tDCS (HD-tDCS) over left motor cortex on pain and other associated variables in SSD-P. Methods: Institute Ethics Committee approval was sought and the study was registered in the Clinical Trials Registry of India. Single-blind, sham controlled, cross-over study design was employed. Thirty right handed patients with DSM-5 diagnosis of SSD-P, aged 18-60 years, receiving stable treatment were enrolled by consecutive sampling. After simple randomization, two short interval repeated sessions (2mA, 20 minutes each) of either active or sham HD-tDCS was administered followed by a wash out period of seven days and cross over. Assessments were done at baseline, week one and two. Analysis was done using SPSS 21. Results: Participants were comparable on all baseline parameters. ANCOVA showed no order×group interaction. On RM-ANOVA all participants irrespective of entering active or sham arm showed statistically significant difference (Cohen’s d >0.8) in pain and associated parameters like depression, anxiety, pain related interference, burden and disability at week two (p< 0.01) . But at week one, this was observed only in active arm. Transient mild local side effects like burning, pain and itching were noted, with no cognitive side effects. Conclusion: This was the first study of HD-tDCS on SSD-P. Single session repeated protocol can be effective in pain reduction with sustained effects up to one week.
Adjunctive neuronavigated accelerated continuous theta-burst stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Background Approximately 40% of patients treated for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) do not respond to standard and second-line augmentation treatments leading to the exploration of alternate biological treatments. Continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) is a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation inducing more rapid and longer-lasting effects on synaptic plasticity than the latter. To the best of our knowledge, only one recent study and a case report investigated the effect of cTBS at the supplementary motor area (SMA) in OCD. Objective This study aimed to examine the effect of accelerated robotized neuronavigated cTBS over SMA in patients with OCD. Methods A total of 32 patients with OCD were enrolled and randomized into active and sham cTBS groups. For active cTBS stimulation, an accelerated protocol was used. Bursts of three stimuli at 50 Hz, at 80% of MT, repeated at 5 Hz were used. Daily 2 sessions of 900 pulses each, for a total of 30 sessions over 3 wk (weekly 10 sessions), were given. Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Rating Scale (YBOCS), Clinical Global Impressions scale (CGI), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) were administered at baseline and at end of weeks 3 and 8. Results A total of 26 patients completed the study. Active cTBS group showed significant group × time effect in YBOCS obsession (P < .001, η2 = 0.288), compulsion (P = .004, η2 = 0.207), YBOCS total (P < .001, η2 = 0.288), CGI-S (P = .010, η2 = 0.248), CGI-C (P = .010, η2 = 0.248), HAM-D (P = .014, η2 = 0.224) than sham cTBS group. Conclusions Findings from our study suggest that adjunctive accelerated cTBS significantly improves psychopathology, severity of illness, and depression among patients with OCD. Future studies with larger sample sizes will add to our knowledge.
Motor cortical plasticity as a predictor of treatment response to high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for cognitive function in drug-naive patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Background: There is growing evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can improve cognitive function in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Few biomarkers are currently available to predict cognitive response in MDD patients. This study aimed to examine whether cortical plasticity played an important role in improving cognitive deficits in MDD patients treated with rTMS. Methods: A total of 66 MDD patients and 53 healthy controls were recruited. MDD patients were randomly assigned to receive 10 Hz active or sham rTMS 5 days per week for 4 weeks. Cognitive function was assessed using the Repeatable Battery for assessing Neuropsychological Status (RBANS), while depressive symptoms were assessed with the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-24) before and after treatment. We combined transcranial magnetic stimulation and muscle surface electrophysiological recording to measure plasticity in motor cortex areas in healthy controls at baseline and MDD patients before and after treatment. Results: Compared with healthy controls, cortical plasticity was impaired in MDD patients. Moreover, cortical plasticity was correlated with RBANS total score at baseline in MDD patients. After 4-week 10 Hz rTMS treatment, the impaired cortical plasticity was restored to some extent. Interestingly, 10 Hz rTMS treatment produced effective therapeutic effects on immediate memory, attention, and RBANS total score. Pearson correlation analysis shows that improvements in plasticity were positively correlated with improvement of immediate memory and RBANS total score. Conclusions: Our results show for the first time that 10 Hz rTMS can effectively treat impaired cortical plasticity and cognitive impairment in MDD patients and that changes in plasticity and cognitive function are closely related, which may indicate that motor cortical plasticity may play a vital role in cognitive impairment and that cortical plasticity may serve as a potential predictive biomarker for cognitive improvement in MDD patients.
Bifrontal-transcranial direct current stimulation as an early augmentation strategy in major depressive disorder: A single-blind randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Patients with major depressive disorder who have a poor or inconsistent response to antidepressants have been treated using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Early tDCS augmentation may help with the early amelioration of symptoms. In this study, the efficacy and safety of tDCS as early augmentation therapy in major depressive disorder were evaluated. Methods: Fifty adults were randomized into two groups and were administered either active tDCS or sham tDCS, along with escitalopram 10 mg/day. A total of 10 tDCS sessions with anodal stimulation at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and cathode at the right DLPFC were given over two weeks. Assessments were done using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI), and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) at baseline, two weeks, and four weeks. A tDCS side effect checklist was administered during therapy. Results: A significant reduction in HAM-D, BDI, and HAM-A scores were observed in both groups from baseline to week-4. At week-2, the active group had a significantly greater reduction in HAM-D and BDI scores than the sham group. However, at the end of therapy, both groups were comparable. The active group was 1.12 times more likely to experience any side effect than the sham group, but the intensity ranged from mild to moderate. Conclusion: tDCS is an effective and safe strategy for managing depression as an early augmentation strategy, and it produces an early reduction of depressive symptoms and is well tolerated in moderate to severe depressive episodes.
Beyond the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in peripartum depression: A systematic review exploring perinatal safety for newborns$$$ Objective: Peripartum depression is defined as the onset of depressive symptoms during pregnancy or within 12 months postpartum and affects 11.9% of women. Currently, its treatment often involves psychotherapy and antidepressants, though only one medication has been specifically approved to treat it. In this context, novel, safe non-pharmacological treatment options have gained growing interest. The present review aims to assess current literature on possible side effects on the developing fetus/newborn of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) use in women with peripartum depression. Method: A systematic search was performed using the PubMed, Scopus and Web of Science databases. PRISMA and PROSPERO guidelines were applied. The risk of bias assessment was performed using the Cochrane risk of bias tool version 2.0. Results: Twenty-three studies were included in our systematic review, two were randomized controlled trials. Eleven studies reported mothers experienced mild side effects; none of the included studies reported major side effects for newborns. Conclusion: The present systematic review demonstrated that TMS use in women with peripartum depression is safe, feasible and well-tolerated by the developing fetus/newborn, with a good safety and tolerability profile even during breastfeeding.
Depressive symptom dimensions predict the treatment effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has attracted considerable attention because of its non-invasiveness, minimal side effects, and treatment efficacy. Despite an adequate duration of rTMS treatment, some patients with post-stroke depression (PSD) do not achieve full symptom response or remission. Methods: This was a prospective randomized controlled trial. Participants receiving rTMS were randomly assigned to the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (VMPFC), left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), or contralateral motor area (M1) groups in a ratio of 1:1:1. Enrollment assessments and data collection were performed in weeks 0, 2, 4, and 8. The impact of depressive symptom dimensions on treatment outcomes were tested using a linear mixed-effects model fitted with maximum likelihood. Univariate analysis of variance (ANOVA) and back-testing were used to analyze the differences between the groups. Results: In total, 276 patients were included in the analysis. Comparisons across groups showed that 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17) scores of the DLPFC group significantly differed from those of the VMPFC and M1 groups at 2, 4, and 8 weeks after treatment (p < 0.05). A higher observed mood score (β = −0.44, 95% confidence interval [CI]: −0.85–0.04, p = 0.030) could predict a greater improvement in depressive symptoms in the DLPFC group. Higher neurovegetative scores (β = 0.60, 95% CI: 0.25–0.96, p = 0.001) could predict less improvement of depressive symptoms in the DLPFC group. Conclusion: Stimulation of the left DLPFC by high-frequency rTMS (HF-rTMS) could significantly improve depressive symptoms in the subacute period of subcortical ischemic stroke, and the dimension of depressive symptoms at admission might predict the treatment effect.
820-nm Transcranial near-infrared stimulation on the left DLPFC relieved anxiety: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study$$$ Objective: Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a chronic mood disease associated with abnormal brain network connections, including decreased activity in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Cortical excitability can be increased with 820-nm transcranial near-infrared stimulation (tNIRS), while transcranial magnetic stimulation with electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) can help evaluate time-varying brain network connectivity. A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial was conducted to assess the efficacy of tNIRS on the left DLPFC and the impact on time-varying brain network connections in GAD patients. Methods: A total of 36 GAD patients were randomized to receive active or sham tNIRS for 2 weeks. Clinical psychological scales were assessed before, after, and at the 2-, 4-, and 8-week follow-ups. TMS-EEG was performed for 20 min before and immediately after tNIRS treatment. The healthy controls did not receive tNIRS and only had TMS-EEG data collected once in the resting state. Results: The Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) scores of the active stimulation group decreased post-treatment compared with the sham group (P = 0.021). The HAMA scores of the active stimulation group at the 2-, 4-, and 8-week follow-up assessments were lower than those before treatment (P < 0.05). The time-varying EEG network pattern showed an information outflow from the left DLPFC and the left posterior temporal region after active treatment. Conclusion: Herein, 820-nm tNIRS targeting the left DLPFC had significant positive effects on therapy for GAD that lasted at least 2 months. tNIRS may reverse the abnormality of time-varying brain network connections in GAD.
Efficacy of Ketamine with and without Lamotrigine in Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Preliminary Report$$$ Intravenous (IV) ketamine and FDA-approved intranasal (IN) esketamine are increasingly used for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Preliminary studies have suggested a synergistic effect of ketamine and lamotrigine, although the data are inconclusive. Herein, we report the response to serial ketamine/esketamine treatment among patients with TRD with or without lamotrigine therapy. In this historical cohort study, we included adult patients with TRD who received serial IV racemic ketamine (0.5 mg/kg over 40−100 min) or IN esketamine (56/84 mg) treatments. A change in depressive symptoms was assessed using the 16-item Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology self-report (QIDS-SR) scale. There were no significant differences in response or remission rates among the patients on or not on lamotrigine during the ketamine/esketamine treatments. For a percent change in the QIDS-SR from baseline, no interaction was found between the lamotrigine groups and treatment number (p = 0.70), nor the overall effect of the group (p = 0.38). There was a trend towards lower dissociation (based on the CADSS score) among current lamotrigine users, especially in patients who received IV ketamine. A major limitation is the limited number of patients taking lamotrigine (n = 13). This preliminary study provides insufficient evidence that continuing lamotrigine therapy attenuates the antidepressant effect of repeated ketamine/esketamine; however, there seems to be a signal toward attenuating dissociation with lamotrigine in patients receiving serial ketamine treatments. Further observational studies or randomized controlled trials are needed to replicate these findings.
Traumatic memory retrieval followed by electroconvulsive therapy as a treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder: A pilot study$$$ Delivering electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) during the reconsolidation of traumatic memories may enhance the treatment efficacy in posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). To test this, 14 patients with severe and refractory PTSD were randomly allocated to receive ECT sessions either after retrieving the traumatic (n=8) or a neutral (n=6) memory. We found that delivering ECT after retrieving the traumatic memory enhanced the improvement of PTSD symptoms and the reduction of subjective reactivity to the traumatic memory. Reduction in anxiety and mood symptoms and physiological reactivity to the traumatic memory were observed in the sample as a whole regardless of memory retrieval.
A Randomized Clinical Trial to Assess the Effect of Medication Therapy Plus tDCS on Problem-solving and Emotion Regulation of Patients with Bipolar Disorder Type I$$$ Objective: This study aims to evaluate the effectiveness of medication therapy combined with transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in improving problem-solving and emotion regulation abilities of patients with bipolar disorder (BD) type I. Methods: This is a randomized clinical trial conducted on 30 patients with BD I, randomly assigned into two groups of Medication (n = 15, receiving mood stabilizers including 2−5 tablets of lithium 300 mg, sodium valproate 200 mg, and carbamazepine 200 mg) and Medication + tDCS (n = 15, receiving mood stabilizers plus tDCS with 2 mA intensity over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 10 days, two sessions per day each for 20 minutes). The Tower of London (TOL) test and Emotion Regulation Questionnaire (ERQ) were used for assessments before, immediately, and 3 months after interventions. Results: There was a significant difference between groups in total ERQ (p = 0.001) and its cognitive reappraisal domain (p = 0.000) which were increased, but the difference was not significant in its expressive suppression domain (p 0.05). After 3 months, their level decreased. In examining problem-solving variable, the combined therapy could significantly reduce only the total number of errors under TOL test (p = 0.00), but it remained unchanged after 3 months. Conclusion: Medication therapy plus tDCS is effective in improving problem-solving and emotional regulation (cognitive reappraisal) skills of patients with BD I.
Effects of joint mobilization combined with acupuncture on pain, physical function, and depression in stroke patients with chronic neuropathic pain: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective To investigate the effectiveness of joint mobilization (JM) combined with acupuncture (AC) for the treatment of pain, physical function and depression in poststroke patients. Methods A total of 69 poststroke patients were randomly assigned to the JM+AC group (n = 23), the JM group (n = 23), and the control group (n = 23). Patients in the JM+AC group and the JM group received JM for 30 minutes, twice a week for 12 weeks, and the JM+AC group received AC for 30 minutes separately once a week. The control group did not receive JM or AC. Pain (visual analog scale, shoulder pain and disability index, Western Ontario and McMaster universities osteoarthritis index), physical function (range of motion, 10-m walking speed test, functional gait assessment, manual function test, activities of daily living scale, instrumental activities of daily living scale), and depression (center for epidemiologic studies depression scale, Beck depression inventory) were assessed for each patient before and after the 12 weeks of intervention. Results Pain and physical function were improved significantly in the JM+AC group compared with the JM and control groups. Physical function and depression were improved significantly in the JM+AC and JM groups compared with the control group. Conclusion The treatment of JM combined with AC improved pain, depression, and physical function of poststroke patients with chronic neuropathic pain in this study. This valuable finding provides empirical evidence for the designing therapeutic interventions and identifying potential therapeutic targets.
Efficacy of different modalities of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with SSRIs on post-stroke depressed patients: a network meta-analysis$$$ Objective To systematically review the efficacy of different stimulation modalities of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with SSRI in improving depressed mood after stroke using network meta-analysis. Methods The PubMed, EMbase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, CNKI, VIP, CBM and WanFang Data databases were electronically searched to collect randomized controlled trials (RCTs) related to the objectives from inception to October 1, 2022. Two reviewers independently screened literature, extracted data and assessed the risk of bias of the included studies. Network meta-analysis was then performed by using R 4.2.1software. Results A total of 25 RCTs involving 2 152 patients were included. Four types of rTMS stimulation combined with SSRIs were included: high-frequency stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal (l-DLPFC), low-frequency stimulation of l-DLPFC, low-frequency stimulation of the right dorsolateral prefrontal (r-DLPFC), and low-frequency stimulation of the bilateral DLPFC. The results of the network meta-analysis showed that the effect of combining four stimulation methods with SSRI in treating depression was better than that of SSRI alone (P<0.05). Probability sorting results showed that low-frequency stimulated bilateral DLPFC (88.9%) > low-frequency stimulated l-DLPFC (63.1%) > high-frequency stimulation l-DLPFC (57.1%) > low-frequency stimulation r-DLPFC (40.4%). There was no statistically significant difference in the incidence of adverse reactions between the four stimulation methods combined with SSRI and the use of SSRI alone (P>0.05). Conclusion rTMS combined with SSRIs is better than SSRIs alone in improving depressed mood after stroke. Low-frequency rTMS stimulation of bilateral DLPFC may be the best. Meanwhile, the safety of different stimulation methods is good.
Traditional Chinese Medicine for non-motor symptoms in Parkinson disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of RCTs$$$ Background: Parkinson disease (PD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease, which has impacts on the patient's quality of life due to non-motor symptoms such as sleep disorders, anxiety, and depression. Traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) has gained increasing attention in the diagnosis and treatment of PD with the concept of "overall concepts and dialectical treatment." Therefore, exploring the characteristics of TCM in the treatment of PD can improve the level of diagnosis and treatment of PD. Methods: A comprehensive literature search was conducted using the following electronic databases: PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Scopus, Cochrane Library, and China National Knowledge Infrastructure. The inclusion criteria were randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared TCM intervention with conventional treatments or placebo for non-motor symptoms in PD. The quality of the included RCTs was assessed using the Cochrane risk of bias tool. Results: A total of 9 RCTs involving 1714 participants with PD were included in this systematic review and meta-analysis. The meta-analysis showed that TCM was effective in improving non-motor symptoms, including depression (Hamilton depression rating scale [HAMD], weighted mean difference [WMD] = 4.24, 95% CI = 2.84-5.65, P <.0001), anxiety (HAMA, WMD = 4.03, 95% CI = 2.64-5.41, P <.0001), autonomic dysfunction (Scales for Outcomes in Parkinson's disease-Autonomic, WMD = 4.57, 95% CI = 1.69-7.45, P =.002), non-motor symptoms (Movement Disorder Society-Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale-part 1, WMD = 0.66, 95% CI = 0.20-1011, P =.004), and quality of life (PDQ-39, WMD = 6.72, 95% CI = 0.87-12.58, P <.05), compared with baseline. Zishen Pingchan granules was particularly effective for depression (HAMD, WMD = -1.94, 95% CI = -3.07 to -0.81, P <.001, compared to placebo; HAMD, WMD = 3.40, 95% CI = 0.52-6.28, P <.05, after treatment). Pingchan granules was particularly effective for quality of life after treatment (PDQ-39, WMD = 10.20, 95% CI = 1.87-18.53, P <.05). Conclusions: TCM is effective and safety for improvement of depression, anxiety, autonomic dysfunctions, and quality of life in PD. Zishen Pingchan granules was particularly effective for depression; and Pingchan granules was particularly effective for quality of life.
Neuromodulation of Executive Dysfunction in Patients with Acute Stroke Using Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation: Study Protocol for a Triple-Blind, Randomized Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Research on the benefits of non-invasive brain stimulation in stroke patients to improve executive functions is scarce. The objective of this study was to investigate the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in combination with cognitive training for the rehabilitation of executive functions in acute and subacute stroke patients as well as to explore the underlying physiological mechanisms. A tripleblinded, randomized-controlled clinical trial will be conducted involving 60 stroke patients with frontal or basal ganglia lesions and a Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) score less than 26. Participants will be randomly assigned to receive active tDCS (anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, cathode at the right supraorbital region, 20 min at 2 mA) or sham tDCS in a 1:1 ratio for 10 sessions, followed by targeted executive function training. The primary efficacy outcome will be the MoCA score, while secondary outcomes will include the five-digit test (inhibitory control), the Digit Span Task (working memory), the abbreviated version of the Wisconsin Card Sorting test (cognitive flexibility), modified Rankin scale (functional state), Beck-II depression inventory, apathy evaluation scale, and the WHOQOL-BREF (quality of life), assessed immediately after the intervention and at 1, 3, 6, and 12 months post-intervention. Additionally, resting-state functional connectivity and blood biomarkers, such as neurotrophins, growth factors, and inflammatory molecules, will be evaluated before and after the intervention. This study will contribute to the investigation of the efficacy of tDCS in rehabilitating executive functions in acute and subacute stroke patients. The multidimensional approach utilized in this study, which includes analysis of resting-state connectivity and neuroplasticity-related blood biomarkers, is expected to provide insights into the underlying brain mechanisms involved in the rehabilitation of dysexecutive syndrome.
Direct changes of neurometabolic concentrations in the pregenual anterior cingulate cortex among obsessive-compulsive patients after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment$$$ Background and aim: Although Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is a promising new noninvasive brain stimulation therapy, its underlying mechanisms of action remain unknown. OCD patients exhibit impaired response control and attention shifting, which is linked to some brain areas such as anterior cingulate cortex and basal ganglia. OCD patients also display altered neurometabolic concentrations in cortical cortical-striatal-thalamic-cortical (CSTC). In this study, we aimed to elucidate efficacy of rTMS treatment in alleviating related symptoms and pregenual anterior cingulate cortex (pACC) neurometabolites. Methods: OCD patients were randomly divided into either drug (n = 23) or drug + rTMS (n = 29) groups, and those in the latter group subjected to 4-week rTMS treatment. All participants were visited twice, at baseline and follow-up after four weeks. During both visits, all patients were subjected to 1H-MRS, then Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) and the Global Assessment Function (GAF) used to assess severity of obsessive-compulsive symptoms. We also evaluated synchronous anxiety and depression by Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A) and Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D). Results: After 4 weeks of treatment, patients in the Drug + rTMS group displayed significantly lower Y-BOCS (p = 0.038), BDI (p = 0.009), HAM-D (p = 0.013), HAM-A (p = 0.012) scores than their counterparts in the Drug group. Conversely, patients in the Drug + rTMS group had significantly higher tNAA concentrations (p = 0.030) than those in the Drug group. Notably, the Drug + rTMS group exhibited higher, but insignificant Glu (p = 0.055) and Glx (p = 0.068) concentrations compared to the Drug group. Partial correlation analysis revealed a significant negative correlation between post HAM-A scores and 4-week change of pACC glutamate levels in the Drug + rTMS group (r = −0.434, p = 0.02). Conclusion: rTMS treatment is an efficacious treatment therapy for OCD, mainly by inducing changes in neurometabolites.
All studies are not created equal: A systematic narrative review of bipolar depression clinical trial inclusion/exclusion rules and baseline severity scores$$$ Background: Several bipolar depression treatment guidelines have been designed to assist clinicians with medication selection. When ranking medications, none explicitly considered the inclusion/exclusion criteria or baseline severity scores of the reviewed clinical trials. This article aimed to determine if sufficient differences exist in these variables to justify their consideration when designing treatment guidelines. Methods: Using Ovid and PubMed databases in May and September 2022, all published, short-term cross-over or parallel-group design studies comparing second generation antipsychotics (SGAs), mood stabilizers, or antidepressants versus placebo in bipolar depressed patients were identified. Included studies must have enrolled adult bipolar I/II depressed patients, randomized patients into two or more treatment groups, utilized a double-blind, prospective design written in English, and had primary outcome results that were statistically significant in favor of the investigational treatment. Results: Thirty studies met eligibility criteria, comprising a total of 8791 patients. Among those studies, there were seventeen antipsychotic trials, six lithium trials, one lamotrigine trial, three valproate trials, two carbamazepine trials, and two antidepressant trials. The analysis revealed substantial differences among the studies. Although this was seen among all the different drug classes, these differences are clearest when comparing the lithium trials to those of the SGAs. Limitations: Limitations included the selection of severity scores from the treatment arm with the most severe score and the exclusive focus on mood stabilizers, antidepressants, and SGAs. Conclusions: Severity of the enrolled patient sample and treatment-resistance should be considered in addition to other factors when ranking medications in bipolar depression treatment guidelines.
Brain volumetric correlates of electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) are effective neuromodulation therapies for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). While ECT is generally considered the most effective antidepressant, rTMS is less invasive, better tolerated and leads to more durable therapeutic benefits. Both interventions are established device antidepressants, but it remains unknown if they share a common mechanism of action. Here we aimed to compare the brain volumetric changes in patients with TRD after right unilateral (RUL) ECT versus left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) rTMS. Methods: We assessed 32 patients with TRD before the first treatment session and after treatment completion using structural magnetic resonance imaging. Fifteen patients were treated with RUL ECT and seventeen patients received lDLPFC rTMS. Results: Patients receiving RUL ECT, in comparison with patients treated with lDLPFC rTMS, showed a greater volumetric increase in the right striatum, pallidum, medial temporal lobe, anterior insular cortex, anterior midbrain, and subgenual anterior cingulate cortex. However, ECT- or rTMS-induced brain volumetric changes were not associated with the clinical improvement. Limitations: We evaluated a modest sample size with concurrent pharmacological treatment and without neuromodulation therapies randomization. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that despite comparable clinical outcomes, only RUL ECT is associated with structural change, while rTMS is not. We hypothesize that structural neuroplasticity and/or neuroinflammation may explain the larger structural changes observed after ECT, whereas neurophysiological plasticity may underlie the rTMS effects. More broadly, our results support the notion that there are multiple therapeutic strategies to move patients from depression to euthymia.
Neurocognitive effects of subanesthetic serial ketamine infusions in treatment resistant depression$$$ Introduction: Ketamine treatment prompts a rapid antidepressant response in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). We performed an exploratory investigation of how ketamine treatment in TRD affects different cognitive domains and relates to antidepressant response. Methods: Patients with TRD (N = 66; 30 M/35F; age = 39.5 ± 11.1 years) received four ketamine infusions (0.5 mg/kg). Neurocognitive function and depressive symptoms were assessed at baseline, 24 h after the first and fourth ketamine infusion, and 5 weeks following end of treatment. Mixed effect models tested for changes in seven neurocognitive domains and antidepressant response, with post-hoc pairwise comparisons between timepoints, including follow-up. Relationships between change in neurocognitive function and antidepressant response over the course of treatment were tested with Pearson's correlation and mediation analyses. Associations between baseline neurocognitive performance and antidepressant response were tested with Pearson's correlation. Results: Significant improvements in inhibition, working memory, processing speed, and overall fluid cognition were observed after the first and fourth ketamine infusion. Improvements in processing speed and overall fluid cognition persisted through follow-up. Significant improvements in depressive symptoms reverted towards baseline at follow-up. Baseline working memory and change in inhibition were moderately correlated with antidepressant response, however, improvements in neurocognitive performance were statistically independent from antidepressant response. Conclusion: Antidepressant ketamine leads to improved neurocognitive function, which persist for at least 5 weeks. Neurocognitive improvements observed appear independent of antidepressant response, suggesting ketamine may target overlapping but distinct functional brain systems. Limitations Research investigating repeated serial ketamine treatments is important to determine cognitive safety. This study is a naturalistic design and does not include placebo.
Atypical antipsychotic-induced mania: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: The possibility of atypical antipsychotics (AA) to induce manic symptoms has been raised by several articles. The objective of this study was to describe whether exposure to AA may induce mania in mood disorders. Methods: We performed a systematic review following the preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analysis guidelines. The systematic search encompassed all relevant studies published until April 4th, 2022. A meta-analysis testing whether treatment emergent mania (TEM) is more frequent with the use of AA compared with placebo was performed. Results: A total of 52 studies were included in the systematic review. We found 24 case reports or case series describing 40 manic/hypomanic episodes allegedly induced by AA. Twenty-one placebo-controlled trials were included in a meta-analysis including 4823 individuals treated with AA and 3252 individuals receiving placebo. Our meta-analysis showed that the use of AA protects against the development of TEM (OR: 0.68 [95 % CI: 0.52–0.89], p = 0.005). Limitations: AA-induced mania/hypomania was not the primary outcome in any of the observational or interventional studies. TEM was not homogeneously defined across studies. In most case reports it was not possible to establish causality between the use of AA and the development of manic symptoms. Conclusions: TEM is more frequent with placebo than with AA, which suggests that AA exposure does not represent a relevant risk for TEM. Mania/hypomania induced by an AA seems to be rare events, since anecdotal evidence from case reports and case series were not observed in observational prospective and interventional studies.
Time-course of the tDCS antidepressant effect: An individual participant data meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) shows promise as an effective treatment for depression. However, factors influencing treatment and the time-course of symptom improvements remain to be elucidated. Methods: Individual participant data was collected from ten randomised controlled trials of tDCS in depression. Depressive symptom scores were converted to a common scale, and a linear mixed effects individual growth curve model was fit to the data using k-fold cross-validation to prevent overfitting. Results: Data from 576 participants were analysed (tDCS: n = 311; sham: n = 265), of which 468 were unipolar and 108 had bipolar disorder. tDCS effect sizes reached a peak at approximately 6 weeks, and continued to diverge from sham up to 10 weeks. Significant predictors associated with worse response included higher baseline depression severity, treatment resistance, and those associated with better response included bipolar disorder and anxiety disorder. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that longer treatment courses, lasting at least 6 weeks in duration, may be indicated. Further, our results show that tDCS is effective for depressive symptoms in bipolar disorder. Compared to unipolar depression, participants with bipolar disorder may require additional maintenance sessions to prevent rapid relapse.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with fibromyalgia. A systematic review$$$ Introduction: Fibromyalgia syndrome (FM) is a chronic pathology characterized by widespread pain commonly associated with psychological distress affecting quality of life. In recent years, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) have been investigated to treat chronic pain. The aim of the current review is to determine the effects of tDCS and TMS on the main symptoms of patients with FM. Development: A systematic review based on PRISMA guidelines was carried out. The search strategy was performed in Medline, Scopus, PEDro and Cochrane Library. Randomized controlled trials based on the effects of tDCS and TMS on pain, pressure pain threshold, fatigue, anxiety and depression, catastrophizing and quality of life in patients with FM were analysed. Fourteen studies were included. Conclusions: The application of tDCS to the motor cortex is the only intervention shown to decrease pain in the short and medium-term in patients with FM. The application of both interventions showed improvements in pressure pain threshold, catastrophizing and quality of life when applied to the motor cortex, and in fatigue when applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The effects of these interventions on anxiety and depression are unclear.
Association of low-dose naltrexone and transcranial direct current stimulation in fibromyalgia: a randomized, double-blinded, parallel clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Fibromyalgia is a complex, generalized, and diffuse chronic musculoskeletal pain. Pharmacological approaches are widely used to relieve pain and increase quality of life. Low-Dose Naltrexone (LDN) was shown to increase the nociceptive threshold in patients with fibromyalgia. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is effective for pain management. Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the analgesic and neuromodulatory effects of a combination of LDN and tDCS in patients with fibromyalgia. Methods: This was a randomized, double-blinded, parallel, placebo/sham-controlled trial (NCT04502251; RBR-7HK8N) in which 86 women with fibromyalgia were included, and written informed consent was obtained from them. The patients were allocated into four groups: LDN + tDCS (n = 21), LDN + tDCS Sham (n = 22), placebo + tDCS (n = 22), and placebo+tDCS Sham (n = 21). The LDN or placebo (p.o.) intervention lasted 26 days; in the last five sessions, tDCS was applied (sham or active, 20 min, 2 mA). The following categories were assessed: sociodemographic, Visual Analog Pain Scale (VAS), Pain Catastrophizing Scale (PCS), State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI), Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II), Profile of Chronic Pain Scale (PCP:S), Pain Pressure Threshold (PPT), and Conditioned Pain Modulation (CPM). Blood samples were collected to analyze BDNF serum levels. Results: At baseline, no significant difference was found regarding all measurements. VAS pain was significantly reduced in the LDN + tDCS (p = 0.010), LDN + tDCS Sham (p = 0.001), and placebo+tDCS Sham (p = 0.009) groups. In the PCP:S, the LDN+tDCS group showed reduced pain frequency and intensity (p = 0.001), effect of pain on activities (p = 0.014) and emotions (p = 0.008). Depressive symptoms reduced after all active interventions (p > 0.001). Conclusion: Combined LDN+tDCS has possible benefits in reducing pain frequency and intensity; however, a placebo effect was observed in pain using VAS, and further studies should be performed to analyze the possible association.
Efficacy of ketamine, propofol, and dexmedetomidine for anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients: A double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the therapeutic opportunities for patients with psychological disorders when they may decline to take medication. We sought to systematically compare the anesthetic efficacy of ketamine, propofol, and dexmedetomidine for electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients. This double-blind trial enrolled treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients (n = 85) who had been hospitalized for ECT in the Amir Kabir Hospital's psychiatric ward (Arak, Iran). The ketamine, propofol, and dexmedetomidine groups received a dose of 0.2 μg/kg ketamine, 1.5 mg/kg propofol, and 0.8 mg/kg dexmedetomidine, respectively. In all intervention groups, 10 mL of interventional drugs was injected intravenously for 10 minutes, and in the placebo group, 10 mL of normal saline was given over the same period. The dexmedetomidine group's blood pressure was revealed comparatively lower at all times. Dexmedetomidine-treated patients showed their marked satisfaction, while those treated with propofol had shorter recovery time, shorter seizure duration, and shorter time to achieve an Aldrete score of 9-10 and increased relaxation, and next dexmedetomidine produced deeper relaxation. Propofol could shorten recovery time and seizure duration, and enhance relaxation, while dexmedetomidine was associated with higher patient satisfaction. Considering that any anesthetic which does not shorten seizure duration may serve efficiently for ECT and that ketamine-treated patients had more prolonged seizure duration, the preferred drug can hence be considered from various angles, thereby offering anesthetic agents with highly favorable efficacy in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder patients needing ECT. The drug choice thus depends on physical conditions, underlying diseases, and psychiatrist consultation.
Evidence-based umbrella review of non-invasive brain stimulation in anxiety disorders$$$ Background and objectives: Although several meta-analyses have suggested the efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) mainly in prefrontal brain areas to treat mental disorders, no synthetic approach has been performed for other psychiatric disorders rather than depression. The objective is to assess the available evidence of NIBS in the treatment of anxiety disorders. Methods: An umbrella review (CRD42021239577) was performed only looking for reviews with meta-analyses of randomized clinical trials using a source strategy MeSH keywords in MEDLINE through Pubmed by two independent researchers. The effects of different methods of NIBS in anxiety disorders were assessed using the PICO strategy. The methodological quality was evaluated using AMSTAR-2 and certainty of evidence using the GRADE-pro framework. Results: From 136 screening meta-analyses, 16 from 14 studies were included in the final analysis. Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD) and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD) respond best to low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), while Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) has the largest effect size at high frequency rTMS. Panic Disorder (PD) has no evidence for clinical use of NIBS. There were not identified meta-analyses about other anxiety disorders. In general, the included studies had good methodological quality, but low to moderate evidence for clinical recommendation. Conclusion: Available evidence reveals NIBS as an effective and safe approach to treat GAD, PTSD and OCD with low recommendation level to clinical application. A great heterogeneity of studies indicates the necessity to develop new randomized clinical trials applying NIBS to treat those and other mental disorders.
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder or bipolar depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ We aimed to systematically evaluate the clinical efficacy and safety of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) or bipolar depression (BD). A random-effects model was adopted to analyze the primary and secondary outcomes using the Review Manager, Version 5.3 software. This meta-analysis (MA) identified five double-blind randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comprising 239 MDD or BD patients with a major depressive episode. Active aiTBS overperformed sham stimulation in the study-defined response. This MA found preliminary evidence that active aiTBS resulted in a greater response in treating major depressive episodes in MDD or BD patients than sham stimulation.
Unresolved Issues Associated with Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Treatment of Chronic Tinnitus$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been investigated as a potential treatment for chronic tinnitus for 20 years. Numerous studies have reported that repetitive TMS (rTMS) has demonstrated efficacy for reducing the severity of tinnitus and its associated co-conditions such as depression, anxiety, and insomnia. However, some researchers have reported that active rTMS is no more effective than sham (placebo) rTMS as a tinnitus treatment method. There are numerous unresolved issues in this field that need to be addressed before rTMS can become a viable treatment for tinnitus. These issues include the type or brand of TMS system and its configuration; coil type, orientation, and placement method; scalp or neural target; laterality of rTMS application; dual site vs. single site stimulation; stimulation frequency and intensity; number of sessions; number of pulses per session; determination of the resting motor threshold (rMT); characteristics of the study population and their tinnitus; and outcome measures and follow-up assessments. To address and resolve these issues, large-scale, multi-site clinical trials of rTMS for tinnitus need to be conducted to determine which rTMS protocols are the most effective. In the absence of such investigations, the issues that need to be studied and addressed remain unresolved and continue to impede the clinical application of this treatment method.
Effects of Repetitive-Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in Fibromyalgia Syndrome: An Umbrella and Mapping Review$$$ Background: The main aim of this study was to assess the effects of repetitive-transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with fibromyalgia (FMS). Methods: We systematically searched PubMed, PEDro, EMBASE, and CINAHL. Methodological quality was analyzed using the AMSTAR and ROBIS scales, and the strength of evidence was established according to the guidelines advisory committee grading criteria. A total of 11 systematic reviews were included. The assessed variables were pain intensity, depressive symptoms, anxiety, and general health. Results: Regarding pain intensity, it seems that high-frequency rTMS significantly reduces pain intensity at a 1-month follow-up when the primary motor cortex (M1) is stimulated. However, we cannot robustly conclude the same for low-frequency protocols. When we look at the combination of high and low-frequency rTMS, there seems to be a significant effect on pain intensity up to 1-week post-intervention, but after that point of follow-up, the results are controversial. Regarding depressive symptoms and anxiety, results showed that the effects of rTMS are almost non-existent. Finally, in regard to general health, results showed that rTMS caused significant post-intervention effects in a robust way. However, the results of the follow-ups are contradictory. Conclusions: The results obtained showed that high-frequency rTMS applied on the M1 showed some effect on the variable of pain intensity with a limited quality of evidence. Overall, rTMS was shown to be effective in improving general health with moderate quality of evidence. Finally, rTMS was not shown to be effective in managing depressive symptoms and anxiety with a limited to moderate quality of evidence. PROSPERO number: This review was previously registered in PROSPERO (CRD42023391032).
A Multimodal Approach for Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Progressive Aphasia (MAINSTREAM): A Study Protocol$$$ Primary Progressive Aphasia (PPA) is a syndrome due to different neurodegenerative disorders selectively disrupting language functions. PPA specialist care is underdeveloped. There are very few specialists (neurologists, psychiatrists, neuropsychologists, and speech therapists) and few hospital- or community-based services dedicated to the diagnosis and continuing care of people with PPA. Currently, healthcare systems struggle to provide adequate coverage of care that is too often fragmented, uncoordinated, and unresponsive to the needs of people with PPA and their families. Recently, attention has been gained by non-invasive brain stimulation techniques that allow a personalized treatment approach, such as transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS). The MAINSTREAM trial looks forward to introducing and evaluating therapeutic innovations such as tDCS coupled with language therapy in rehabilitation settings. A Multimodal Approach for Clinical Diagnosis and Treatment of Primary Progressive Aphasia, MAINSTREAM (ID: 3430931) was registered in the clinicaltrials.gov database (identifier: NCT05730023) on 15 February 2023.
Modulation of the inflammatory response exerts beneficial effects on anger in treatment-resistant bipolar depression$$$ Background:: Anger can worsen a person's emotions and increase the severity of an individual's mood state, notably depression. The State-Trait Anger Expression Inventory (STAXI) assessment tool is useful for assessing the experience, expression, and control of anger in normal individuals, and in evaluating anger experienced by patients with a variety of psychological and medical disorders. Since its creation, STAXI has been utilized in various studies involving substance abuse and major depressive disorder; however, anger has never been studied systematically in bipolar depression. Scientific evidence supports the hypothesis that immune system activation, reflected in its inflammatory response, contributes to the pathophysiology and phenomenology of bipolar disorder. However, there is limited research showing how the treatment of bipolar disorder is enhanced with an anti-inflammatory agent and how it affects anger, which prompted this investigation. The current clinical study tested the hypothesis that co-administration of a specific anti-inflammatory agent, Celecoxib, along with Escitalopram, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, would be beneficial in patients with treatment resistant bipolar depression. In comparison to patients receiving Escitalopram monotherapy, it was hypothesized that the combination therapy would lead to an augmented response in alleviating bipolar depression. In addition, the combination therapy would result in a greater percentage of responders and remitters. It also was hypothesized that the combination therapy would reduce anger symptoms as assessed by STAXI from beginning to end of treatment. Method:: In this double-blind, two-arm, placebo-controlled study, 65 consenting patients diagnosed with treatment resistant bipolar depression were randomized to receive either Escitalopram (10 mg twice/day) + Celecoxib (200 mg twice/day), or Escitalopram + placebo (twice/day). There were 47 completers: 27 in the Celecoxib, and 20 in the Placebo arm. The 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was used to assess response to treatment, with a 50% reduction from baseline indicating treatment response and a score < 7 indicating remission. The Beck Depression Index also was used as a self-report measure of depression. Levels of state and trait anger were assessed using the 57-item STAXI scale. Measures of depression, anger and perceived stress were collected at baseline and at week 8 of treatment. Results:: A multiple regression analysis of baseline data indicated that the Hamilton depression score was significantly related to the feelings subscale of the state STAXI. However, the baseline Beck score was found to be predicted by perceived stress. To test treatment effects, an analysis of covariance revealed that the week 8 Hamilton depression score was significantly lower for patients receiving the combination therapy, controlling for baseline differences. The week 8 Beck score also was lower for those in the combination therapy group, but was not statistically significant. In comparison to the monotherapy group, those receiving the combination therapy showed a statistically higher proportion of responders and remitters. Significant differences in state or trait anger subscales were found only responders to the CBX add-on arm at week 8. Limitations:: Limitations of the study include small sample size and short period of treatment. Conclusion:: An analysis of baseline data suggest that depression is associated with state feelings of anger and perceived stress. In comparison to receiving Escitalopram alone, the combination therapy was more effective in lowering Hamilton depression scores and was associated with greater proportions of responders and remitters. Anti-inflammatory combination therapy reduced state and trait anger by the end of treatment.
Neuronavigated 20hz theta burst TMS for OCD comorbid with depression and anxiety sequentially targeting RDLPFC, LDLPFC, and ROFC$$$ Background: Preliminary studies using neuronavigated TBS-50Hz (50Hz pulse frequency theta burst stimulation) and neuronavigated TBS-30Hz have shown promise for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), but neuronavigated TBS-20Hz has not been tested for OCD or for OCD with depression and anxiety. Methods: Fourteen patients with moderate-to-severe OCD and comorbid major depressive disorder (MDD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and/or panic disorder (PD) were treated in a private outpatient clinic. All patients obtained individual 3T T1-weighted Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) scans. Neuronavigated cTBS-20Hz (continuous theta burst stimulation) and iTBS-20Hz (intermittent theta burst stimulation) were sequentially applied to the right and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), respectively. Augmentation with cTBS-20Hz was then applied to the right orbitofrontal cortex (ROFC). Results: 64% (9/14) of OCD patients remitted (Y-BOCS-SR <15) (R2=0.76, p<0.01) in an average of 6.1 treatment weeks with a 48% mean decrease in Y-BOCS-SR scores. 58% (7/12) of patients remitted from MDD (BDI-II < 13) (R2=0.73, p<0.01), and 62% (8/13) of patients remitted from GAD/PD (BAI < 8) (R2=0.63, p<0.01). Patients with baseline suicidal ideation (SI) had a mean decrease in SI of 63% at one week and 75% by the end of treatment. Conclusions: Neuronavigated TBS-20Hz sequential TMS of RDLPFC and LDLPFC followed by ROFC augmentation significantly reduced OCD, MDD, and GAD/PD symptoms with remission rates of 64%, 58%, and 62%, respectively. SI decreased substantially in the first treatment week. Prospective randomized, sham-controlled trials are warranted. Conflicts of Interest: Dr. Stubbeman has IP on some TMS stimulation protocols including TBS-20Hz. Funding: None Disclosures: None
Beam F3 and 5.5 cm targeting show similar efficacy in rTMS treatment of depression: a randomized trial$$$ Background: The two most common targeting methods for localizing the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) treatment site in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) include the Beam F3 and 5.5 cm method. They localize to different regions. We conducted a clinical trial to compare efficacy between them, with a prospective, randomized, single-blind design in a naturalistic sample of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) undergoing clinical treatment. Methods: 105 adult patients with MDD (mean age=43.2; range=18-73; 69 female) were randomized to receive rTMS to the Beam F3 or 5.5 cm target. Between group differences from pre- to post-treatment were evaluated with the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7), and clinician-administered Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Scale (MADRS). Primary treatment endpoint was completion of daily treatment series with at least 20 treatments. Subjects with head circumference >60 cm were excluded. Results: No statistically significant differences were discovered on any measure between the F3 and 5.5 cm groups, including percent change (PHQ-9: 39% vs. 39%, n=94, p=0.95; GAD-7: 34% vs. 27%, n=76, p=0.50; MADRS: 40% vs. 38%, n=67, p=0.83), response rates (PHQ-9: 37% vs. 43%; GAD-7: 27% vs. 30%; MADRS: 43% vs. 43%), and remission rates (PHQ-9: 22% vs. 21%; MADRS: 20% vs. 19%). The study was terminated following interim analysis due to futility. Conclusions: Similar antidepressant effects were observed with DLFPC rTMS using either the Beam F3 or 5.5 cm targeting method and may be equivalent for clinical use in patients with head circumference <60 cm. Comparison to MRI-based targeting requires further investigation. Conflicts of Interest: None Funding: None Disclosures: NTT has research support from NIMH (1K23MH125145) and the Brain and Behavior Research Foundation (Young Investigator Grant 31275). This work was supported by the National Center for Advancing Translational Sciences of the National Institutes of Health under Award Number UL1TR002537 and partially funded by the AdamFest Research Award and a University of Iowa Department of Psychiatry Pilot Grant.
Efficacy of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) on cognition in psychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a potentially effective and safer treatment strategy for cognitive impairment. However, evidence of TMS efficacy on cognition in psychiatric disorders like depression, schizophrenia, and bipolar disorders is limited. We aimed to review the existing literature on the effects of r-TMS on cognition in psychiatric conditions. Methods: A comprehensive search of several databases (Medline, Embase, Cochrane, APA PsycINFO, Web of Science, and Scopus) from 2000 to January 2022 was conducted. The primary outcome measure for this review was any cognitive changes. rTMS treatment parameters were also collected. This review part is registered with PROSPERO, CRD42022326423. Results: We identified 22 articles encompassing 14 randomized controlled trials (RCT), 6 open-label prospective, and 2 open-label retrospective studies. The total sample size is 1177, with 384 (38.4%) females, and a mean age range of 41- 47 years. The majority of RCTs were on schizophrenia (8) followed by unipolar depression (4) and bipolar depression (2). TMS protocols used high frequency (> 5Hz) and 1000-2000 total pulses per session. Left DLPFC is used as a stimulation site. There was heterogeneity in the studies. There was demonstrated cognitive improvement with rTMS in 4 of 6 (67%) RCTs for major depression, 3 of 8 (38%) RCTs for schizophrenia, and 5 of 8 (63%) open-label studies for major depression. Conclusions: From these reviewed articles, there is evidence of improved cognitive functions with rTMS depression, schizophrenia, and other psychiatric conditions. Further studies are needed to determine optimal TMS protocols in psychiatric populations with comorbid cognitive impairment. Conflicts of Interests: Dr. Croarkin has received research support from the National Institute of Mental Health, Magventure, Neuronetics, NeoSync, and Pfizer. He has received material support from and provided consultation to Myriad Neuroscience. He has consulted for Procter & Gamble Company. Funding: Mayo Clinic CCATS Grant Number UL1 TR002377, internal small grant funds to Dr. Pagali and Dr. Lapid. Dr. Lapid also receives NIH funding for research. Disclosures: None
Accelerated theta-burst stimulation using individualized fMRI-based targets in adolescents with depression$$$ Background: Accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation (aiTBS) using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI)-based neuronavigation was recently cleared by the FDA for use in adults with depression. The objective of this study was to gauge the clinical utility of fMRI-guided neuronavigation in adolescents with depression. Methods: Three individuals (male, 16-17 years) underwent resting-state fMRI scanning prior to treatment. Individualized left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) brain targets were derived for each patient based on resting-state functional connectivity to the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex. aiTBS treatments were administered via the MagVenture MagPro R30 system and a MagVenture Cool-B65 coil, paired with the Localite TMS Navigator. Patients received 50 stimulation sessions over five days (8 to 11 sessions per day, spaced by a minimum of 50 minutes). Self-reported depression symptoms were evaluated pre- and one-week post-treatment using the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9). Results: Baseline PHQ-9 scores were 20, 19, and 19 for each patient indicating moderately-severe to severe symptoms. Following treatment, scores decreased to 3, 2 and 12, respectively indicating two patients achieved remission and no longer had depressive symptoms (85% and 89% reduction in symptom severity). One patient was considered a non-responder, however still achieved a 37% reduction in symptom severity. Conclusions: fMRI-guided aiTBS treatment was well tolerated by all three patients. This case series provides evidence that neuronavigated aiTBS may be a safe and effective treatment for some adolescents with depression. Future studies should examine the safety, efficacy, and durability in a larger randomized sham-controlled trial. Conflicts of Interest: None Funding: None Disclosures: None
Neuro-Immunoendocrine Biomarkers of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Effects in Major Depressive Disorders: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: The therapeutic effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with major depressive disorders (MDD) have shown promising results; however, there is a lack of mechanistic studies using neuro-immunoendocrine biological markers (BMs) as an outcome. There is a growing need for precision medicine approaches in biological psychiatry. Several studies have investigated BMs of rTMS in MDD, however, with differing results. The knowledge of BMs provides more information, guides treatment, and provides a deeper understanding of the neuro-immune endocrine effects of rTMS; therefore, we aim to review the rTMS trials in MDD using BMs as outcomes. Methods: A comprehensive database search (Medline, Embase, Cochrane, APA PsycINFO, Web of Science, and Scopus) from the inception of the database- August 15, 2022, using keywords related to rTMS, Depression, Metabolomics, Blood-based Biomarkers. The search strategies were designed and conducted by a medical librarian with input from the study investigators. Controlled vocabulary supplemented with keywords was used to search for studies on blood-based biomarkers of antidepressant response to transcranial magnetic stimulation. Included articles that examined; Populations: adult human subjects with mood disorders or healthy controls. Intervention: Treatment with at least one session of TMS as a depression treatment. Comparator: This analysis compares the relationship between blood-based biomarkers, and the improvement of depression with antidepressant treatment with TMS sessions. There will be no restrictions regarding the date, and only literature published in English will be included. Main outcome(s): The main outcome is the improvement of depressive symptoms (remission, response, absolute improvement, percental improvement, repeated measures). The secondary outcome is to assess the relationship between change in BMs and change in depression scores. Results: We identified 20 articles encompassing 4 randomized controlled trials (RCT) and 16 prospective studies. The total sample size is 997 and the mean age (SD) is 51.9 (14.2). The majority of RCTs include MDD and 1 RCT was on treatment-resistant depression. Overall, the majority of the rTMS protocols used a frequency of 10 Hz and 1000-2000 total pulses per session. Left DLPFC is used as a stimulation site, except one study used the visual cortex region. There was heterogeneity in study designs and outcome measures. There was demonstrated improvement with rTMS in BMs like IL-2,6, CRP, BDNF, GDNF, and VEGF for major depression. Most of the included studies were preliminary and hypotheses generating and did not account for multiple testing. rTMS increased serum BDNF levels and decreased inflammatory markers in patients with depression but had lesser effects on any of these factors in healthy individuals/controls. These results provide deeper insights into the mechanism of rTMS and identify potential new therapeutic targets in patients with depression. Conclusions: From these reviewed articles, there is evidence of improved measures of neuroimmunoendocrine biomarkers, especially BDNF. In conclusion, we conducted a review study to investigate the effect of rTMS on serum BDNF, Interleukins, and TNF-a levels in MDD. In this comprehensive systematic review, we appraise the current evidence of BMs for rTMS in MDD to provide insights for future research. Conflicts of Interest: Dr. Kablinger has received research support from Curemark, Gilead, Axial Pharmaceuticals, Liva Nova, Beam Diagnostics. Funding: Mayo Clinic CCATS Grant Number UL1 TR002377, internal small grant funds to Dr. Pagali. Disclosures: None
Quality of Life Improvement Following Deep TMS for Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Background: Low Quality of Life (QOL) is a potent and intransigent factor that contributes to the global disability associated with depression. While therapeutic trials for depression typically focus on the primary mood symptoms, less is known about the impact of treatment on QOL. The goal of this study was to evaluate the effect of Deep TMS on QOL. Methods: A secondary analysis was done on data from a multisite double-blinded, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) (n=181 patients; 18Hz, H1 coil, 5 sessions/week for 4 weeks followed by 2 sessions/week for 12 weeks). QOL was measured using the Quality-of-Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire (Q-LES-Q). Results: Improvement in QOL (as measured by the Q-LES-Q) were significantly higher in the active Deep TMS group (14.4 point increase) versus the sham group (2.5 point increase) at week 5 (p=0.0495). This improvement was correlated with a decrease in primary depression symptom severity (HDRS) at week 5 (r=-0.49, p=0.000007) and week 16 (r=-0.47, p=0.00008). Accordingly, responders (>50% decrease in HDRS) demonstrated a significantly larger improvement in QOL than non-responders at week 5 (133%(+/-19%) vs. 25%(+/-11%), p=0.000005) and week 16 (105%(+/-27%) vs. 35%(+/-15%), p=0.014). Finally, 59% of the patients who showed improvement in Q-LES-Q at week 5 had sustained their improvement (12%) or improved further (47%) by week 16. Conclusions: 20 sessions of Deep TMS significantly improved patient reported QOL as well as primary depressive symptoms. Furthermore, the extent of improvement in QOL is correlated with the extent of depressive symptom improvement. Conflicts of Interest: Aron Tendler has a financial interest in BrainsWay and in a clinical and research TMS center. Yiftach Roth and Tal Harmelech have a financial interest in BrainsWay. Funding: Brainsway Disclosures: None
Nutrition + CBT + TMS: an integrative approach for depressive and anxiety symptoms for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) patients.$$$ Background: Often the management of TRD patients combines TMS with CBT. Studies show that a poor diet can both cause and aggravate depressive and anxiety symptoms and therefore we suggest that adding nutrition sessions for the treatment of TRD patients would impact positively on the efficacy of the treatment. Methods: 34 patients (aged between 18 to 64 years old) were diagnosed with treatment resistant depression. The therapy consisted of 35 bilateral TMS sessions plus 2 nutritional and 4 CBT sessions over the course of 4 weeks. The target was located by neuronavigation over the right and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. HAM-A and PHQ-9 scales were used for pre and post treatment evaluations. Results: All 34 patients completed the study without significant side effects. Response was 91% and remission 56% for depressive symptoms. 94% of the patients improved their anxiety symptoms. Conclusions: An integrative approach with nutrition, CBT and TMS appears to be well tolerated and might be a satisfactory intervention to improve depressive and anxiety symptoms for TRD patients. This is not a sham-active protocol thus is not possible to measure the placebo response. Further search is needed to corroborate these findings. Conflicts of Interests: None to report. Funding: self-funding Disclosures: Department of Neurology, Neuropsychiatry and Psychology, Neuroinnovation Center, Quito, Ecuador. South America
Trajectories of Response to deep TMS in Major Depression: Results from a Multicenter Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Antidepressant response trajectories for traditional rTMS have been reported, but that study did not include a sham condition, or Deep TMS trajectories. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of an RCT (N=181, per-protocol sample) comparing acute Deep TMS treatment (18 Hz, 120% motor threshold intensity, 1980 pulses, 20 sessions 5 days per week) to sham in unipolar, antidepressant-free, treatment-resistant, depressed patients. Latent trajectory modeling was used to identify distinct subgroups of patients that showed similar trajectories of response over 5 weeks. Assignment to trajectories was compared between groups. A priori selected characteristics from the domains demography, severity, concomitant medication, and treatment dose were tested for associations with trajectory class membership. Results: Four trajectory classes distinct in response speed and intensity (labeled "strong", "lower linear", "higher linear", and "minimal" improvement) were identified. Trajectory class assignment differed significantly between groups with more patients in the strong improvement class after active Deep TMS. Clinical differences in response and remission rates between trajectory classes were significant after week 1. Baseline depression severity and the use of benzodiazepines-hypnotics were inversely associated with improvement in general, and the effectively achieved stimulation intensity differentially predicted trajectories for both groups. Conclusions: MDD patients treated with Deep TMS showed distinct, clinically relevant trajectories of response, which were associated with clinical and Deep TMS related differences at baseline. The number of patients with strong improvement differed between active and sham Deep TMS, and this group may be identified early to provide key information for personalizing treatment. Conflicts of Interest: Yiftach Roth, Abraham Zangen, Aron Tendler have a financial interest in BrainsWay. Funding: None Disclosures: None
An rTMS Protocol for Persistent Postconcussion Syndrome Affects Both Postconcussion Symptoms and Depression$$$ Background More than 450 000 concussions occur in Canada annually with up to 30% of adults meeting criteria for persistent postconcussion syndrome (PPCS) 1 month postinjury. PPCS symptoms vary from patient to patient but often fall into 3 symptom clusters: somatic, cognitive, and affective. Previous studies examining whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can improve depression symptoms in PPCS have produced mixed results; however, studies have been limited by small sample sizes and methodological heterogeneity. Objective To determine whether postconcussion symptoms (Rivermead Post-Concussion Symptoms Questionnaire [RPQ]) and depression symptomatology (Patient Health Questionnaire [PHQ-9]) improve in response to an rTMS protocol for PPCS. Methods In a randomized double-blinded placebo controlled clinical trial, we compared treatment response on the RPQ and PHQ-9 between individuals receiving high-frequency (10 Hz) stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (n = 22) and individuals receiving sham treatment (n = 23). Participants received 20 sessions of rTMS (10 trains of 60 pulses separated by 45-second intervals) for more than 4 weeks at 100% to 120% of resting motor threshold. The RPQ and PHQ-9 were administered at baseline, posttreatment, and 1-month and 3-month follow-up. Statistical analysis included linear mixedeffects models, controlling for age and sex, to explore the effects of time and condition. Results Time was associated with a significant decrease in RPQscore (β = -1.96, 95% confidence interval [CI]: -3.05 to -0.88, P < .001) and PHQ-9 score (β = -.61, 95% CI: -1.08 to -0.14, P = .01). For both measures, statistically significant improvement compared with baseline was achieved for all time points (P < .001). No significant main effect of condition (sham vs treatment) was observed for the RPQ (β = 1.12, 95% CI: -5.85 to 8.09, P = .75) or the PHQ-9 (β = 1.57, 95% CI: -2.18 to 5.32, P = .40). Conclusion rTMS may be an effective treatment for postconcussion symptoms and depression with improvements maintained up to 3 months posttreatment.
Efficacy of repeated intravenous esketamine in adolescents with anxious versus non-anxious depression$$$ Background Patients with anxious major depressive disorder (MDD) are more likely to have poorer outcomes than those with non-anxious MDD. However, the effect of esketamine on adolescents with anxious versus non-anxious MDD has remained unknown. Aims We compared the efficacy of esketamine in adolescents with MDD and suicidal ideation, both anxious and non-anxious. Methods Fifty-four adolescents with anxious (n=33) and non-anxious (n=21) MDD received three infusions of esketamine 0.25 mg/kg or active-placebo (midazolam 0.045 mg/kg) over 5 days, with routine inpatient care and treatment. Suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms were assessed using the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale and the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale. Multiple-sample proportional tests were used to compare the differences between groups on treatment outcomes 24 hours after the final infusion (day 6, primacy efficacy endpoint) and throughout the 4-week post-treatment (days 12, 19 and 33). Results In subjects who received esketamine, a greater number of patients in the non-anxious group than the anxious group achieved antisuicidal remission on day 6 (72.7% vs 18.8%, p=0.015) and day 12 (90.9% vs 43.8%, p=0.013), and the non-anxious group had a higher antidepressant remission rate compared with the anxious group on day 33 (72.7% vs 26.7%, p=0.045). No significant differences in treatment outcomes were observed between the anxious and non-anxious groups at other time points. Conclusions Three infusions of esketamine as an adjunct to routine inpatient care and treatment had a greater immediate post-treatment antisuicidal effect in adolescents with non-anxious MDD than in those with anxious MDD; however, this benefit was temporary and was not maintained over time. Trial registration number ChiCTR2000041232.
Orbitofrontal cortex-hippocampus potentiation mediates relief for depression: A randomized double-blind trial and TMS-EEG study$$$ It has been 15 years since repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) was approved by the FDA for clinical depression treatment. Yet, the underlying mechanisms for rTMS-induced depression relief are not fully elucidated. This study analyzes TMS-electroencephalogram (EEG) data from 64 healthy control (HC) subjects and 53 patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) before and after rTMS treatment. Prior to treatment, patients with MDD have lower activity in the DLPFC, the hippocampus (HPC), the orbitofrontal cortex (OFC), and DLPFC-OFC connectivity compared with HCs. Following active rTMS treatment, patients with MDD show a significant increase in the DLPFC, HPC, and OFC. Notably, the increase in HPC activity is specifically associated with amelioration of depressive symptoms but not anxiety or sleep quality. The orbitofrontal-hippocampal pathway plays a crucial role in mediating depression relief following rTMS treatment. These findings suggest potential alternative targets for brain stimulation therapy against depression (chictr.org.cn: ChiCTR2100052007).
Short-term plasticity of the motor cortex compensates for bradykinesia in Parkinson's disease$$$ Patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) show impaired short-term potentiation (STP) mechanisms in the primary motor cortex (M1). However, the role played by this neurophysiological abnormality in bradykinesia pathophysiology is unknown. In this study, we used a multimodal neuromodulation approach to test whether defective STP contributes to bradykinesia. We evaluated STP by measuring motor-evoked potential facilitation during 5 Hz-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and assessed repetitive finger tapping movements through kinematic techniques. Also, we used transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) to drive M1 oscillations and experimentally modulate bradykinesia. STP was assessed during tACS delivered at beta (β) and gamma (γ) frequency, and during sham-tACS. Data were compared to those recorded in a group of healthy subjects. In PD, we found that STP was impaired during sham- and γ-tACS, while it was restored during β-tACS. Importantly, the degree of STP impairment was associated with the severity of movement slowness and amplitude reduction. Moreover, β-tACS-related improvements in STP were linked to changes in movement slowness and intracortical GABA-A-ergic inhibition during stimulation, as assessed by short-interval intracortical inhibition (SICI). Patients with prominent STP amelioration had greater SICI reduction (cortical disinhibition) and less slowness worsening during β-tACS. Dopaminergic medications did not modify β-tACS effects. These data demonstrate that abnormal STP processes are involved in bradykinesia pathophysiology and return to normal levels when β oscillations increase. STP changes are likely mediated by modifications in GABA-A-ergic intracortical circuits and may represent a compensatory mechanism against β-induced bradykinesia in PD.
Ketamine vs Electroconvulsive Therapy for Major Depressive Episode: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Importance: The relative efficacy of ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adults with major depressive episode (MDE) needs clarification. Objective: To compare depression rating outcomes with ketamine vs ECT in adults with MDE and to compare response and remission rates, number of sessions to response and remission, and adverse effects. Data Sources: Two investigators independently systematically searched MEDLINE, ScienceDirect, and Google Scholar databases using a combination of relevant Medical Subject Headings terms and free-text keywords from database inception through May 15, 2022, to identify relevant English-language trials. Study Selection: Parallel-group randomized clinical trials (RCTs). Data Extraction and Synthesis: Two investigators independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias. One-week posttreatment outcomes were pooled as standardized mean difference (SMD; Hedges g) for continuous outcomes and risk ratio (RR) for categorical outcomes in random-effects meta-analyses. Main Outcomes and Measures: Efficacy outcomes were 1-week (or nearest) posttreatment depression ratings, 1-week (or nearest) study-defined response and remission rates, and number of sessions to treatment response and remission. Safety outcomes were reported adverse effects. Results: Five trials (ketamine group: n = 141; ECT group: n = 137) were meta-analyzed. The overall pooled SMD for posttreatment depression ratings was -0.39 (95% CI, -0.81 to 0.02; I2= 45%; 5 RCTs). For this efficacy outcome, in a sensitivity analysis of methodologically stronger trials, ECT was superior to ketamine (SMD, -0.45; 95% CI, -0.75 to -0.14; I2= 6%; 2 RCTs). ECT was also superior to ketamine for study-defined response (RR, 1.27; 95% CI, 1.06-1.53; I2= 0%; 3 RCTs) and remission (RR, 1.43; 95% CI, 1.12-1.82; I2= 0%; 2 RCTs) rates. No significant differences were noted between groups for number of sessions to response and remission and for cognitive outcomes. Key limitations were small number of studies, limited sample size, and high risk of bias in all trials. Conclusion and Relevance: The findings of this systematic review and meta-analysis suggest an efficacy advantage for ECT over ketamine in adults with MDE. These conclusions are tempered by the small number and size of existing trials.
Potential advantages of ketamine over electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of nonrefractory severe depression in older patients with multiple medical comorbidities$$$ Depression in older adults with multiple medical comorbidities can contribute to clinical deterioration, and increased mortality. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the first-line treatment for these patients. This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness and safety of subcutaneous (SC) ketamine as an alternative to ECT. We reviewed the medical records of all consecutive older inpatients with severe depression and multiple medical comorbidities who were referred for ECT but treated with SC ketamine over 1 year in our institution. Demographic data, DSM-5 diagnosis, MÅDRS score, and CGI score were analyzed. Twelve patients aged 67-94 years were included. All patients were rated as severely ill, 83% were women, with a mean of 12.6 (SD, 1.4) medical comorbidities. Remission was achieved in 75% of the intention-to-treat population and 100% of treatment completers. The number of sessions ranged from 1 to 6, and days until remission from 1 to 16. Patients remained without relapse for 8-28 months. SC ketamine was safe and well tolerated, and most adverse events were mild and transient. Although limited by the retrospective open-label design of the study and small sample size, our findings provide a potential new indication for ketamine: treatment of severe depression, not necessarily resistant to antidepressants, in older patients with multiple medical comorbidities, at risk of clinical deterioration, and referral for ECT. SC ketamine was highly effective in this population, with no relapse and good tolerance. Randomized controlled trials are needed to adequately test the use of ketamine in this specific group.
Efficacy of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Comorbid Anxiety and Depression Symptoms in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Meta-Analysis of Randomized Sham-Controlled Trials$$$ Objective: To systematically evaluate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in reducing comorbid anxiety and depressive symptoms in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Methods: Three electronic databases were searched for randomized, sham-controlled clinical trials evaluating rTMS for the treatment of OCD. Hedge's g was calculated as the effect size for anxiety/depression symptom severity (primary outcome) and OCD severity (secondary outcome). Subgroup analyses and meta-regression analyses were carried out to evaluate the most promising target and whether a reduction in OCD severity moderates the change in anxiety or depression scores. Results: Twenty studies (n = 688) were included in the meta-analysis. rTMS had small-medium effect size on OCD (Hedge's g = 0.43; 95% confidence interval [CI]: [0.20, 0.65]; P < 0.001), anxiety (Hedge's g = 0.3; 95% CI: [0.11, 0.48]; P = 0.001) and depression (Hedge's g = 0.24; 95% CI: [0.07, 0.40]; P = 0.003) symptoms. Subgroup analysis showed that protocols targeting dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) were effective for 3 outcome measures. The change in anxiety, but not depression severity, was moderated by a change in OCD symptom scores. However, the findings are uncertain as a majority of the studies had some concerns or a high risk of bias. Conclusions: Active rTMS protocol targeting DLPFC is effective in reducing the comorbid anxiety/depression symptoms along with OCD severity. The antidepressant effect is not moderated by the anti-obsessive effect of rTMS.
Clinical use of ketamine in psychiatric disorders$$$ Clinical use of ketamine in psychiatric disorders has been highlighted in the past twenty years. Ketamine, an antagonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor, has been widely studied in clinical studies mostly regarding depression disorder. Here, we performed an electronic search in major indexing databases and reviewed 83 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of ketamine in different psychiatric disorders including major depressive disorder, treatment-resistant depression, post-partum depression, bipolar depression, post-traumatic stress disorder, obsessive compulsive disorder, generalized anxiety disorder, social anxiety disorder and autism spectrum disorder. The results also included recent reports on the use of esketamine in major depressive disorder in addition to studies related to the anti-depressant effect of ketamine in suicidal ideation and in combination with electroconvulsive therapy. There has been some concerns and limitations regarding the use of ketamine in most of the studies ketamine was used as add-on therapy; optimum dosage, profile of cognitive effect and side effects are yet to be determined. Moreover, large-scale RCTs and data concerning acute depression are still lacking. Altogether, prescription of ketamine for depression disorder is increasing in the light of available clinical findings, yet more trials are needed to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of ketamine and esketamine in the treatment of other psychiatric disorders.
Long-Term Prophylactic Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Ameliorates Allodynia and Improves Clinical Outcomes in Individuals With Migraine$$$ Objectives: Migraine is a common and substantially debilitating disorder that may associate with allodynia, a marker of central sensitization in the pain circuits. Several unmet needs, like limited adherence to drugs due to adverse events and cost-effectivity, still occur in the prophylactic treatment of migraine. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has recently been indicated to be beneficial in individuals with migraine with and without allodynia. However, to our knowledge, there are no studies evaluating the efficacy of six-month tDCS in migraine. Materials and Methods: This study was a randomized double-blind parallel-group sham-controlled five-month extension study after a one-month lead-in trial of tDCS in individuals with migraine. A total of 23 individuals with migraine with allodynia who completed the lead-in trial were recruited after their consent and were administered three consecutive sessions of 2-mA anodal 20-minute tDCS over the left primary motor cortex every month for an additional five months. Pain-related outcomes were determined using monthly headache diaries. Allodynia, depression, anxiety, and disability because of migraine also were assessed throughout the study. Results: Improvements in allodynia levels, attack frequency, number of rescue medications, and attack duration were higher, and mostly gradual during the trial, in the active group. Migraine Disability Scale grades also were lower in the active group, whereas no between-group differences were found in depression and anxiety scores. Higher responder rates of migraine attack frequency (56.8% vs 25%), number of headache days (56% vs 16.7%), and migraine attack duration (90.9% vs 8.3%) were observed after six-month tDCS in the active group than in the sham group. Conclusions: Long-term extended tDCS is shown to be a safe, efficacious, and plausible modality for prophylactic treatment in individuals with migraine with allodynia. Significance: Long-term extended tDCS can alleviate allodynia, which is an indicator of drug resistance and chronicity, and meet the goals of prophylactic treatment in individuals with migraine with allodynia.
The effects of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on pain modulation and stress-induced hyperalgesia$$$ Background: The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been implicated in the modulation of pain-related signals. Given this involvement, manipulation of the DLPFC through transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may influence internal pain modulation and decrease pain sensitivity. Acute stress is also thought to affect pain, with increased pain sensitivity observed following the presentation of an acute stressor. Methods: A total of 40 healthy adults (50% male), ranging in age from 19 to 28 years (M = 22.13, SD = 1.92), were randomly allocated to one of two stimulation conditions (active and sham). High-definition tDCS (HD-tDCS) was applied for 10 min at 2 mA, with the anode placed over the left DLPFC. Stress was induced after HD-tDCS administration using a modified version of the Trier Social Stress Test. Pain modulation and sensitivity were assessed through the conditioned pain modulation paradigm and pressure pain threshold measurements, respectively. Results: Compared to sham stimulation, active stimulation produced a significant increase in pain modulation capacity. No significant change in pain sensitivity and stress-induced hyperalgesia was observed following active tDCS. Conclusion: This research shows novel evidence that anodal HD-tDCS over the DLPFC significantly enhances pain modulation. However, HD-tDCS had no effect on pain sensitivity or stress-induced hyperalgesia. The observed effect on pain modulation after a single dose of HD-tDCS over the DLPFC is a novel finding that informs further research into the utility of HD-tDCS in the treatment of chronic pain by presenting the DLPFC as an alternative target site for tDCS-induced analgesia.
The Analgesic Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Fibromyalgia: A Systematic Review, Meta-Analysis, and Meta-Regression of Potential Influencers of Clinical Effect$$$ Background: There is tentative evidence to support the analgesic effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in fibromyalgia (FM), with large variability in the effect size (ES) encountered in different clinical trials. Understanding the source of the variability and exploring how it relates to the clinical results could characterize effective neuromodulation protocols and ultimately guide care in FM pain. The primary objective of this study was to determine the effect of tDCS in FM pain as compared with sham tDCS. The secondary objective was to explore the relationship of methodology, population, and intervention factors and the analgesic effect of tDCS in FM. Materials and Methods: For the primary objective, a systematic review was conducted according to Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) investigating tDCS as an intervention for FM pain were searched in MEDLINE, Embase, and the Web Of Science. Studies were excluded if they used cross-over designs or if they did not use tDCS as an intervention for pain or did not measure clinical pain. Analysis for the main outcome was performed using a random-effects model. Risk of bias and evidence certainty were assessed for all studies using Cochrane Risk of Bias and Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation tools. For the secondary objective, a meta-regression was conducted to explore methodology, population, and intervention factors potentially related to the ES. Results: Sixteen RCTs were included. Six studies presented a high risk of bias. Significant reduction in pain scores were found for FM (standardized mean difference = 1.22, 95% CI = 0.80−1.65, p < 0.001). Subgroup analysis considering tDCS as a neural target revealed no differences between common neural sites. Meta-regression revealed that the duration of the tDCS protocol in weeks was the only factor associated with the ES, in which protocols that lasted four weeks or longer reported larger ES than shorter protocols. Conclusions: Results suggest an analgesic effect of tDCS in FM. tDCS protocols that last four weeks or more may be associated with larger ESs. Definite conclusions are inadequate given the large heterogeneity and limited quality of evidence of the included studies.
Recent advancements in noninvasive brain modulation for individuals with autism spectrum disorder$$$ Autism spectrum disorder is classified as a spectrum of neurodevelopmental disorders with an unknown definitive etiology. Individuals with autism spectrum disorder show deficits in a variety of areas including cognition, memory, attention, emotion recognition, and social skills. With no definitive treatment or cure, the main interventions for individuals with autism spectrum disorder are based on behavioral modulations. Recently, noninvasive brain modulation techniques including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, intermittent theta burst stimulation, continuous theta burst stimulation, and transcranial direct current stimulation have been studied for their therapeutic properties of modifying neuroplasticity, particularly in individuals with autism spectrum disorder. Preliminary evidence from small cohort studies, pilot studies, and clinical trials suggests that the various noninvasive brain stimulation techniques have therapeutic benefits for treating both behavioral and cognitive manifestations of autism spectrum disorder. However, little data is available for quantifying the clinical significance of these findings as well as the long-term outcomes of individuals with autism spectrum disorder who underwent transcranial stimulation. The objective of this review is to highlight the most recent advancements in the application of noninvasive brain modulation technology in individuals with autism spectrum disorder.
Clinical characteristics associated with relapse 2 years after electroconvulsive therapy for major depression$$$ Objective: High relapse rates are observed after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for major depression. Identifying patients who are at increased risk for relapse to intensify their treatment regimen post-ECT might reduce relapse rates. We aimed to determine clinical characteristics that are associated with relapse within 2 years after successful ECT. Methods: Patients who remitted to ECT in a randomised controlled trial comparing adjuvant nortriptyline and placebo during a course of bilateral ECT were followed-up prospectively for 1 year with open-label nortriptyline (Dutch Trial Register NTR5579). Second-year follow-up data were collected retrospectively. Thirty-four patients were included in this follow-up cohort. To examine the association between clinical characteristics and the risk of relapse, unadjusted hazard ratios (HRs) were calculated. Results: At 2 years post-ECT, the overall relapse rate was 50%, and the HRs for relapse in patients with psychotic features, a higher severity of depression, and medication resistance prior to ECT were 0.33 (CI 0.12–0.89; p = 0.029), 0.88 (CI 0.80–0.98; p = 0.014), and 4.48 (CI 1.28–15.73, p = 0.019), respectively. No effect was found for age, sex or episode duration on the relapse rate. Conclusions: Depressed patients with psychotic features, with higher symptom severity and without medication resistance prior to ECT have a significantly decreased risk of relapse after successful ECT. A sustained remission rate of 50% over 2 years in patients with severe major depression who were treated with nortriptyline monotherapy after successful ECT is encouraging.
Effects of Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on the Primary Motor Cortex in Women With Fibromyalgia: A Randomized, Triple-Blind Clinical Trial$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to analyze the effects of ten sessions of active transcranial direct current stimulation transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) (2 mA) with 13:20:13 stimulation at M1 in women with fibromyalgia (FM). To the best of our knowledge, this is the first article that uses this protocol in patients with FM. The main hypothesis is that the protocol would be effective in decreasing pain and that the results would last for up to 90 days. Materials and Methods: This study was a randomized clinical trial with 35 women with FM divided into two groups, active tDCS group and sham tDCS group. A conventional tDCS device was used to deliver 2 mA for 13 minutes, with a 20-minute break followed by a further 13 minutes of stimulation for ten sessions. The anodal stimulus was in the left primary motor cortex M1 region. The primary outcome was a change in the visual analog scale and the Survey of Pain Attitudes pain score at the end of treatment, after 30 days, and 90 days after the end of treatment. Secondary outcomes included changes in the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, World Health Organization's Quality of Life Questionnaire, and Fatigue Assessment Scale. The Research Ethics Committee of the Centro Universitário da Grande Dourados under registration number Certificado de Apresentação de Apreciação Ética approved this research: 36444920.5.0000.5159. The study was registered in The Brazilian Registry of Clinical Trials with the identifier RBR-8wc8rjq. Results: The active tDCS group showed improvement in pain after ten sessions (p < 0.001), after 30 days (p < 0.01), and after 90 days (p < 0.001) compared with sham tDCS. In addition, improvement in quality of life (QoL) and fatigue was observed in the active tDCS group. Conclusion: The results of this study suggest that active tDCS with an intensity of 2 mA for ten sessions was effective in decreasing pain and fatigue and improving QoL in patients with FM.
The Utility of Non-invasive Brain Stimulation in Relieving Insomnia Symptoms and Sleep Disturbances Across Different Sleep Disorders: a Topical Review$$$ Purpose of Review: The present topical review aims to summarize the literature to give an overview of the clinical utility of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques to manage insomnia symptoms and other sleep disturbances. Recent Findings: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial electric stimulation techniques have shown potential to manage sleep disturbances, although studies with robust double-blind controlled designs and larger samples are warranted to better support their use. In addition, other techniques such as transcranial random noise stimulation or transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation can be promising and merit attention in future research. Summary: The application of NIBS in sleep disorders is promising, but it is still an emerging research domain which requires exhaustive characterization with state-of-the-art sleep architecture investigation techniques such as in-laboratory or at-home polysomnography.
Substance use disorders: a comprehensive update of classification, epidemiology, neurobiology, clinical aspects, treatment and prevention$$$ Substance use disorders (SUDs) are highly prevalent and exact a large toll on individuals’ health, well-being, and social functioning. Long-lasting changes in brain networks involved in reward, executive function, stress reactivity, mood, and self-awareness underlie the intense drive to consume substances and the inability to control this urge in a person who suffers from addiction (moderate or severe SUD). Biological (including genetics and developmental life stages) and social (including adverse childhood experiences) determinants of health are recognized factors that contribute to vulnerability for or resilience against developing a SUD. Consequently, prevention strategies that target social risk factors can improve outcomes and, when deployed in childhood and adolescence, can decrease the risk for these disorders. SUDs are treatable, and evidence of clinically significant benefit exists for medications (in opioid, nicotine and alcohol use disorders), behavioral therapies (in all SUDs), and neuromodulation (in nicotine use disorder). Treatment of SUDs should be considered within the context of a Chronic Care Model, with the intensity of intervention adjusted to the severity of the disorder and with the concomitant treatment of comorbid psychiatric and physical conditions. Involvement of health care providers in detection and management of SUDs, including referral of severe cases to specialized care, offers sustainable models of care that can be further expanded with the use of telehealth. Despite advances in our understanding and management of SUDs, individuals with these conditions continue to be stigmatized and, in some countries, incarcerated, highlighting the need to dismantle policies that perpetuate their criminalization and instead develop policies to ensure support and access to prevention and treatment.
Efficacy and adverse effects of ketamine versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: ECT is considered the fastest and most effective treatment for TRD. Ketamine seems to be an attractive alternative due to its rapid-onset antidepressant effects and impact on suicidal thoughts. This study aimed to compare efficacy and tolerability of ECT and ketamine for different depression outcomes (PROSPERO/CRD42022349220). Methods: We searched MEDLINE, Web of Science, Embase, PsycINFO, Google Scholar, Cochrane Library and trial registries, which were the ClinicalTrials.gov and the World Health Organization's International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, without restrictions on publication date. Selection criteria: randomized controlled trials or cohorts comparing ketamine versus ECT in patients with TRD. Results: Eight studies met the inclusion criteria (of 2875 retrieved). Random-effects models comparing ketamine and ECT regarding the following outcomes were conducted: a) reduction of depressive symptoms severity through scales, g = −0.12, p = 0.68; b) response to therapy, RR = 0.89, p = 0.51; c) reported side-effects: dissociative symptoms, RR = 5.41, p = 0.06; nausea, RR = 0.73, p = 0.47; muscle pain, RR = 0.25, p = 0.02; and headache, RR = 0.39, p = 0.08. Influential & subgroup analyses were performed. Limitations: Methodological issues with high risk of bias in some of the source material, reduced number of eligible studies with high in-between heterogeneity and small sample sizes. Conclusion: Our study showed no evidence to support the superiority of ketamine over ECT for severity of depressive symptoms and response to therapy. Regarding side effects, there was a statistically significant decreased risk of muscle pain in patients treated with ketamine compared to ECT.
Theta Burst Stimulation Is Not Inferior to High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Reducing Symptoms of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder in Veterans With Depression: A Retrospective Case Series$$$ Objectives: Two commonly used forms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) were recently shown to be equivalent for the treatment of depression: high-frequency stimulation (10 Hz), a protocol that lasts between 19 and 38 minutes, and intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS), a protocol that can be delivered in just three minutes. However, it is unclear whether iTBS treatment offers the same benefits as those of standard 10-Hz rTMS for comorbid symptoms such as those seen in posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Materials and Methods: In this retrospective case series, we analyzed treatment outcomes in veterans from the Veterans Affairs San Diego Healthcare System who received 10-Hz (n = 47) or iTBS (n = 51)-rTMS treatments for treatment-resistant depression between February 2018 and June 2022. We compared outcomes between these two stimulation protocols in symptoms of depression (using changes in the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 [PHQ-9]) and PTSD (using changes in the PTSD Checklist for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition, or Patient Checklist [PCL]-5). Results: There was an imbalance of sex between groups (p < 0.05). After controlling for sex, we found no significant difference by stimulation protocol for depression (PHQ-9, F [1,94] = 0.16, p = 0.69, eta-squared = 0.002), confirming the original study previously noted. We also showed no difference by stimulation protocol of changes in PTSD symptoms (PCL-5, F [1,94] = 3.46, p = 0.067, eta-squared = 0.036). The iTBS group showed a decrease from 41.9 ± 4.4 to 25.1 ± 4.9 (a difference of 16.8 points) on the PCL-5 scale whereas the 10-Hz group showed a decrease from 43.6 ± 2.9 to 35.2 ± 3.2 on this scale (a difference of 8.4 points). Follow-up analyses restricting the sample in various ways did not meaningfully change these results (no follow-up analyses showed that there was a significant difference between stimulation protocols). Conclusions: Although limited by small sample size, nonblind, and pseudorandomized assignment, our data suggest that iTBS is similar to 10-Hz stimulation in inducing reductions in PTSD symptoms and depression in military veterans.
Effect of HD-tDCS on white matter integrity and associated cognitive function in chronic schizophrenia: A double-blind, sham-controlled randomized trial$$$ Schizophrenia is a disabling major mental disorder, which includes critical deficits in cognitive function, for which no effective intervention currently exists. The aim of our double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial was to evaluate the effects of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) on the cognitive deficits in schizophrenia. This study sample consisted of 56 individuals with chronic schizophrenia, randomly allocated to either the active stimulation or sham group. The treatment consisted of ten consecutive days of HD-tDCS, 20 min/day, applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal lobe. Changes in clinical outcomes, cognitive assessments, and diffusion tensor imaging were evaluated pre- to post-intervention. Matched-healthy controls (HCs) were included to identify white matter changes in patients with schizophrenia before treatment. Compared to HCs, schizophrenia was associated with reduced integrity of the white matter tracts of the corpus callosum and corona radiata. HD-tDCS enhanced integrity in the corpus callosum and anterior and superior corona radiata, which was associated with the change in cognitive performance. HD-tDCS offers a potential approach to improve cognition deficits in schizophrenia through a modulatory effect on white matter tracts. Given the lack of approved treatments for cognitive deficits, these findings are clinically relevant.
To have and to hold: An exploratory qualitative study exploring why research participants with treatment-resistant depression undergoing transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment requested copies of their research brain MRI scans$$$ Purpose: There has been little research providing an in-depth exploration of the reasons behind research participants, particularly in mental health settings, requesting copies of their research data, such as magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans. BRIGhTMIND is a large double blind randomised controlled trial using functional and structural magnetic resonance imaging to create personalised targets for transcranial magnetic stimulation delivery, and a number of trial participants requested copies of these scans. Methods: Seven participants involved in the BRIGhTMIND trial completed semi-structured interviews exploring their reasons behind their request for copies of their MRI scans. The qualitative data was co-analysed between researchers and patient and public involvement and engagement representatives using inductive thematic analysis. Results: The interviews produced consistent themes concerning curiosity to visualise their MRI scans, and the hope that their participation would result in a better understanding of the nature and future treatment of depression. Concerns around the rights to access their own personal health data emerged as a clear theme as did their own ability to interpret any radiological information. Discussion: This study provides insight into the reasons why research participants with depression would like to retain copies of their MRI scans and the perceived role that such techniques may have for improving research and neuromodulation treatments in depression. Such first-hand experiential accounts emphasises the importance of listening to participants perspectives and lived experience, in order to improve research and health outcomes. Future research could aim to provide greater verbal and written information for participants, including details about the accessibility to their MRI scans, the difference between research and clinical MRI scans, and educational materials to help with the interpretation of MRI images.
Heartbeat-Evoked Potential in Major Depressive Disorder: A Biomarker for Differential Treatment Prediction between Venlafaxine and rTMS?$$$ Introduction: Currently, major depressive disorder (MDD) treatment plans are based on trial-and-error, and remission rates remain low. A strategy to replace trial-and-error and increase remission rates could be treatment stratification. We explored the heartbeat-evoked potential (HEP) as a biomarker for treatment stratification to either antidepressant medication or rTMS treatment. Methods: Two datasets were analyzed: (1) the International Study to Predict Optimized Treatment in Depression (iSPOT-D; n = 1,008 MDD patients, randomized to escitalopram, sertraline, or venlafaxine, and n = 336 healthy controls) and (2) a multi-site, open-label rTMS study (n = 196). The primary outcome measure was remission. Cardiac field artifacts were removed from the baseline EEG using independent component analysis (ICA). The HEP-peak was detected in a bandwidth of 20 ms around 8 ms and 270 ms (N8, N270) after the R-peak of the electrocardiogram signal. Differences between remitters and non-remitters were statistically assessed by repeated-measures ANOVAs for electrodes Fp1, Cz, and Oz. Results: In the venlafaxine subgroup, remitters showed a lower HEP around the N8 peak than non-remitters on electrode site Cz (p = 0.004; d = 0.497). The rTMS group showed a non-significant difference in the opposite direction (d = -0.051). Retrospective stratification to one of the treatments based on the HEP resulted in enhanced treatment outcome prediction for venlafaxine (+22.98%) and rTMS (+10.66%). Conclusion: These data suggest that the HEP could be used as a stratification biomarker between venlafaxine and rTMS; however, future out-of-sample replication is warranted.
Efficacy of tDCS in chronic migraine: A multiprotocol randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Given the prevalence and complicated pathophysiology of migraine, unknown or varied mechanisms of action of available monotherapies or add-on therapies, and their broad range of adverse effects, it is imperative to manage migraine symptoms using a non-invasive, multifunctional, and alternate monotherapy with no negative impacts. Methods: We used a single-blind, randomized, sham-controlled design with baseline, post-test, and 24-weeks follow-up measurements to assess the efficacy of transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in chronic migraine. A total of 150 participants were randomly assigned to the five groups (i.e., allocation ratio of 1:1:1:1:1). Each group received tDCS-intervention for 11 consecutive-weeks (25 sessions; each session = two consecutive montages; each montage = a 20 min duration, 2000 μA intensity). Results: The multivariate analysis of variance showed significant (p <.05) reductions in chronic migraine symptoms in the four intervention groups. Compared with the sham (η2 < 0.18) and other protocols (two = η2 > 0.42; three = η2 > 0.40; four = η2 > 0.51), protocol one [l. anode at the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortices, cathode at the left dorsomedial and superior frontal gyrus—first montage; anode at the right primary motor area, cathode at the medial crosstalk of hemispheres—second montage] showed a larger effect size (η2 > 0.59) in the present trial. Conclusions: With the applied protocols of the present trial, tDCS can be used as an effective intervention for the prophylactic and therapeutic treatment of chronic migraine. However, while the second protocol was the least effective, the first was the most effective at reducing migraine symptoms. Significance: To our knowledge, the present trial is the first study to cover the gaps of the earlier ones, including the parameters like the site of stimulation, electrode range distribution and field intensity, number of sessions, session design, and sample size.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for treating post-stroke depression: A network meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To compare the antidepressant effects and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) treatments in patients with post-stroke depression (PSD). Methods: We included randomized controlled trials comparing active stimulation with sham stimulation. Primary outcomes were the depression score after treatment, presented as standardized mean differences with 95% confidence intervals. Response/remission and long-term antidepressant efficacy were also examined. We estimated effect-size using pairwise and Bayesian network meta-analysis (NMA) with random-effects model. Results: We identified 33 studies (total n = 1793). In NMA, 5 of 6 treatment strategies were associated with higher effect compared with sham therapy: dual rTMS (standardized mean differences = −1.5; 95% confidence interval = −2.5 to −0.57), dual LFrTMS (−1.5, −2.4 to −0.61), dual tDCS (−1.1, −1.5 to −0.62), HFrTMS (−1.1, −1.3 to −0.85) and LFrTMS (−0.90, −1.2 to −0.6). And dual rTMS, dual LFrTMS or HFrTMS may be more effective than other interventions for achieving antidepressant effects. Regarding secondary outcomes, rTMS can promote depression remission and response, and alleviate depression for at least 1 month. rTMS and tDCS were well tolerated. Conclusions: Bilateral rTMS and HFrTMS are considered top-priority non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) interventions for improving PSD. Dual tDCS and LFrTMS are also efficient. Significance: The findings of this study provide evidence for considering NIBS techniques as alternative or add-on treatments for patients with PSD. This work also emphasizes the need for future clinical trials to address the inadequacies identified in this review to optimize methodological quality.
N°97 – Decreased regional postictal perfusion after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures measured with arterial spin labeling$$$ Objectives: Purpose: The postictal state may result from hypoperfusion as a consequence from seizure-triggered vasoconstriction. Here, we explore this hypothesis using data from patients with major depressive disorder treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We recently argued that the postictal state in these patients shows similar characteristics as observed in patients with epilepsy. Earlier work suggested that postictal perfusion decreases in frontal brain areas. Content: Methods: We used arterial spin labeling magnetic resonance imaging (ASL-MRI) before the start of the ECT-course and one hour after an ECT-session (i.e., in the postictal state). Per patient, cerebral blood flow (CBF) was quantified in baseline and postictal scans. We performed an explorative full-factorial whole-brain voxel-wise analysis of variance to determine perfusion changes over time, while correcting for age, sex, and electrode placement. Data were part of a prospective randomized trial with a three-conditions cross-over design (NL68690.091.18). Results: Twenty-one patients were included. In this preliminary analysis, we found decreased regional postictal perfusion in the medial and superior frontal gyrus, bilateral middle temporal gyrus, left superior parietal lobule, and left precuneus (p < 0.05; cluster-level corrected). Compared to baseline, no significant increases in postictal cerebral perfusion were noted. Conclusion: We find regional postictal perfusion decreases in select frontal and temporal brain areas which supports the postictal hypoperfusion hypothesis. Keywords: Postictal; Perfusion; Electroconvulsive therapy; Major despressive disorder; Arterial Spin Labeling. French language not detected for EMBFRA articles source xml
Efficacy and Safety of Pulse Magnetic Therapy System in Insomnia Disorder: A Multicenter, Randomized, Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Objective This study’s objective is to assess the efficacy and safety of Pulsed Magnetic Therapy System (PMTS) in improving insomnia disorder. Methods Participants with insomnia disorder were randomly assigned to receive either PMTS or sham treatment for four weeks (n= 153; PMTS: 76, sham: 77). Primary outcomes are the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) scores at week 0 (baseline), 1, 2, 3, 4 (treatment), and 5 (follow-up). Secondary outcomes are the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index at baseline and week 4, and weekly sleep diary-derived values for sleep latency, sleep efficiency, real sleep time, waking after sleep onset, and sleep duration. Results The ISI scores of the PMTS group and the sham group were 7.13±0.50, 11.07±0.51 at week 4, respectively. There was a significant group×time interaction for ISI (F3.214,485.271=24.25, p<0.001, ηp2=0.138). Only the PMTS group experienced continuous improvement throughout the study; in contrast, the sham group only experienced a modest improvement after the first week of therapy. At the end of the treatment and one week after it, the response of the PMTS group were 69.7% (95% confidence interval [CI]: 58.6%–79.0%), 75.0% (95% CI: 64.1%–83.4%), respectively, which were higher than the response of the sham group (p<0.001). For each of the secondary outcomes, similar group×time interactions were discovered. The effects of the treatment persisted for at least a week. Conclusion PMTS is safe and effective in improving insomnia disorders.
Resting-state electroencephalography and magnetoencephalography as biomarkers of chronic pain: A systematic review$$$ Reliable and objective biomarkers promise to improve the assessment and treatment of chronic pain. Resting-state electroencephalography (EEG) is broadly available, easy to use, and cost efficient and, therefore, appealing as a potential biomarker of chronic pain. However, results of EEG studies are heterogeneous. Therefore, we conducted a systematic review (PROSPERO CRD42021272622) of quantitative resting-state EEG and magnetoencephalography (MEG) studies in adult patients with different types of chronic pain. We excluded populations with severe psychiatric or neurologic comorbidity. Risk of bias was assessed using a modified Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Semiquantitative data synthesis was conducted using modified albatross plots. We included 76 studies after searching MEDLINE, Web of Science Core Collection, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and EMBASE. For cross-sectional studies that can serve to develop diagnostic biomarkers, we found higher theta and beta power in patients with chronic pain than in healthy participants. For longitudinal studies, which can yield monitoring and/or predictive biomarkers, we found no clear associations of pain relief with M/EEG measures. Similarly, descriptive studies that can yield diagnostic or monitoring biomarkers showed no clear correlations of pain intensity with M/EEG measures. Risk of bias was high in many studies and domains. Together, this systematic review synthesizes evidence on how resting-state M/EEG might serve as a diagnostic biomarker of chronic pain. Beyond, this review might help to guide future M/EEG studies on the development of pain biomarkers.
ID: 212703 Augmenting rTMS With Psilocybin-Assisted Psychotherapy (PAP) for PTSD: A Proof-of-Concept Study Design$$$ Introduction: Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a debilitating mental illness, often with a chronic course and major comorbidities such as treatment-resistant depression (TRD), drug abuse, and suicidality. Current treatments have a long time-to-remission and high nonresponse and recurrence rates; novel and efficacious treatments are necessary. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive, FDA-approved, and efficacious treatment for TRD with few side effects. It is emerging as a treatment for PTSD; however, as a monotherapy its efficacy is neither high nor durable1. Recently, our group has combined rTMS with mindfulness therapy (TIMBER) for TRD and PTSD, with promising results2. Other emerging options are psychedelics, especially psilocybin, which has been efficacious for TRD3 and may hold promise for PTSD due to unique properties such as agonism of not only 5-HT2ARs (empathy, openness, creativity), but also 5HT1ARs (anxiolytic) and D1Rs (pro-cognitive) as well, unlike other psychedelics4. These additional properties make it uniquely suitable for psilocybin-assisted psychotherapy (PAP) in PTSD. Psilocybin and rTMS share one common mechanism of action: dampening the overactive default mode network in PTSD1,5. However, unlike MDMA, psilocybin has not yet been studied for PTSD4. We hypothesize that PAP combined with rTMS will have the most robust effects on PTSD, acting synergistically to ameliorate PTSD symptoms and extend the duration of response as well. Methods: The proposed study is informed by our two prior RCTs on PTSD, in which we have demonstrated that (1) the duration of response of a single dose of sub-anesthetic ketamine infusion could be prolonged by five times and that (2) the treatment response rates were 87% at 3-month post-treatment, when ketamine was combined with TIMBER psychotherapy6,7. We propose testing the feasibility and efficacy of 20mg psilocybin/P (vs 40mg methylphenidate/M) and five sessions of active rTMS (vs sham rTMS) in 32 subjects with PTSD. Medication will be administered in conjunction with psychotherapy (psilocybin-assisted psychotherapy/PAP vs methylphenidate-assisted psychotherapy/MAP). rTMS parameters are right DLPFC, 10 Hz, and 2000 pulses/session. Subjects will be randomized into 4 arms with 8 subjects per arm: PAP+active rTMS, PAP+sham rTMS, MAP+active rTMS, and MAP+sham rTMS. Primary outcome measures will be scores on PTSD specific scales: CAPS and PCL. Results: Results will be published after the study is initiated. Conclusion: The future goal of this proof-of-concept, novel study design is to combine PAP with rTMS to induce synergy and extend duration of response in PTSD after the legislation on psychedelics becomes more permissive. Disclosure: Basant Pradhan, MD: None, Ankit Rana, BA: None, Edward Goldschmidt III, BS: None, Anthony Rostain, MD, MA: Arbor: Consulting Fee:, Supernus: Consulting Fee:, Takeda/Shire: Consulting Fee:, Vallon: Fees for Non-CME/CE Services (e.g., advisor):, St. Martin's Press: Royalty:, Routledge/Taylor Francis Group: Royalty:
ID: 214064 Ketamine-Augmentation of Brain Stimulation (rTMS) for Chronic Low Back Pain: A Proof-of-Concept Model$$$ Introduction: Chronic low back pain (CLBP), the most common chronic pain condition and the most common cause of years lived with disability, affects 15-45% of adults yearly1. CLBP is frequently comorbid with depression, suicidality, and substance abuse and less than half of patients with CLBP receive meaningful pain relief with oral opioid pharmacotherapy. In the United States, opioids have accounted for the highest number of overdose deaths, peaking at 96,000 in March 2021. Given these unnerving trends, novel and efficacious treatments are direly needed2. Ketamine infusion has proven analgesic, anti-inflammatory, and opioid-sparing effects in prior well-designed studies3. The descending pain modulatory systems (DPMS) dysregulation maintains CLBP chronically which is partly mediated by NMDA receptor overactivity and can be offset by ketamine, an NMDA antagonist. Similarly, noninvasive brain stimulation using high frequency rTMS (hf-rTMS) of the left primary motor cortex (M1) produced greater analgesic effects than other brain areas4 and the analgesia produced from 5-sessions could last up to one month5. Goal of this study is to produce robust and durable analgesia in CLBP patients in the outpatient setting, by synergistically combining these two proven treatments with very low side effects. Methods: Use of this combination in our 8-subjects pilot study showed a 46% reduction on visual analog scales (VAS) scores for CLBP that lasted for 23.3 (s.d. 3.2) days. Results from this pilot study will drive the methodology of this proposed prospective 4-arm double blind randomized clinical trial. Ketamine single infusion (1mg/kg: ‘Priming the Brain’) followed by (24-hrs) five active hf-rTMS sessions (once daily, left DLPFC 10Hz for 1500 pulses per session) will constitute the active interventions. Midazolam (0.045 mg/kg IV) and sham-rTMS will be placebo. A total of 48 subjects with CLBP will be randomized under double-blind conditions into 4 arms, with 12 subjects in each arm: Ket+rTMS (KT-arm); Ket+sham-rTMS (KS-arm); Midazolam+rTMS (MT-arm) and Midazolam+sham-rTMS (MS-arm). Primary and secondary outcome measures will be the pain scores on a visual analog scale (VAS) and those on the Chronic Pain Disability Index (CPDI). Results: Will be published after the study is initiated. Conclusion: The goal of this synergistic combination therapy is to decrease hyperalgesia and increase analgesia via ketamine induced brain priming followed by induction of neuroplasticity by subsequent consecutive rTMS administration sessions using our previously validated combination protocol. Given the feasibility and promising data from the pilot study, efficacy of this combination will be tested in this proposed randomized control trial. Disclosure: Basant Pradhan, MD: None, Shivsai Gongalla: None, MICHAEL SAULINO, MD,PhD: Ipsen: Speakers Bureau:, Tersera: Consulting Fee:, piramal: Speakers Bureau:, MEDTRONIC: Contracted Research: Self, MEDTRONIC: Speakers Bureau: Self, BIONESS: Contracted Research: Self, IPSEN: Speakers Bureau: Self, PIRAMAL: Speakers Bureau: Self
Effect of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as adjunctive treatment for insomnia patients under hypnotics: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Pharmacotherapy of insomnia is prescribed often but may be complicated by drug dependence. Cognitive-behavioral therapy for insomnia is effective, but requires time to take effect. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective for depression but of uncertain benefit for insomnia. We studied low-frequency rTMS of the left dorsal medial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) as an adjunctive therapy of insomnia. Methods: We recruited 60 patients with insomnia, of whom 49 completed the study. We applied 1 Hz rTMS to the DMPFC in the experimental group (n = 36) and sham coil for the placebo group (n = 13). Outcome measures included objective polysomnography (PSG) and subjective Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). All participants were requested to continue prescribed pharmacotherapy. Results: After 10 sessions of low-frequency DMPFC-rTMS, the experimental group demonstrated a reduction of duration of wake after sleep onset (WASO) from 75.4 (±53.3) to 51.2 (±75.1) min (p = 0.011). Sleep efficiency (SE) increased from 74.6% (±15.6) to 80.8% (±13.8) (p = 0.004). The sham group experienced improved SE from 79.4% (±30.7) to 88.9% (±5.6) (p = 0.039). After controlling for baseline PSG parameters and hypnotic dosage, the sham group exhibited better effects of sleep onset latency and SE than the rTMS group but no difference on PSQI. Conclusion: Although the effects of rTMS and sham coil on insomnia were similar (which implied significant placebo effect), low-frequency DMPFC-rTMS might offer a safe, non-invasive, and useful adjunctive therapy of insomnia by reducing WASO. The DMPFC may represent a new target for future rTMS insomnia studies.
An exploratory randomised controlled study on the efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression$$$ Objective To investigate the efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) as an adjunctive treatment for depression. Methods From May 2021 to June 2022, 56 patients aged 18-60 who met the diagnostic criteria in the International Classification of Diseases (ICD‑10) for depression were recruited from the Mental Health Center of the First Hospital of Hebei Medical University.According to the random number table method, they were divided into dTMS combined with the drug treatment group (dTMS group, n=28), and the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation(rTMS) combined with the drug treatment group (rTMS group, n=28). Both groups received dTMS or rTMS based on drug therapy, 5 times weekly for 2 weeks in total. At the baseline and the end of 2nd week of treatment, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD17) and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAMA) were used to assess patients′ depression and anxiety symptoms, and the 32‑Item Hypomania Checklist (HCL‑32) was used to assess the risk of mania after treatment. The reductions on HAMD17 and HAMA were the primary assessment, and the treatment response rate in HAMD17, adverse events and the risk of switching to mania were also assessed. The efficacy was compared between the two groups by using independent samples t‑test and chi‑square test. Results There was no significant difference in baseline HAMD17 and HAMA scores between the two groups (P>0.05). At the end of 2nd week of the treatment, The HAMD17 reduction and the reduction rate were higher in the dTMS group than in the rTMS group(t=3.27, P= 0.02; t=2.11, P=0.04). The HAMA reduction and the reduction rate showed a trend favouring the dTMS group, but the difference was insignificant (t=1.03, P=0.31; t=0.76, P=0.45). The treatment response rates on the HAMD17 assessment were 52.2%(12/23) and 38.5% (10/26) in the dTMS and rTMS groups, respectively. However, the difference was not statistically significant (χ2=0.93,P=0.34). The overall incidence of adverse events was 14.3% (4/28) in the dTMS group and 7.1% (2/28) in the rTMS group, with no significant differences between the two groups (χ2=0.19,P=0.67). All subjective discomforts during the treatment automatically resolved within three days, and no mania was reported. Conclusion As the adjunctive treatment, both TMS protocols are safe and effective in relieving the depressive and anxious symptoms of depressive disorder, and the adjunctive dTMS seems better in treating depressive symptoms than rTMS.
Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex intermittent theta burst stimulation reduces anhedonia and alcohol cue-reactivity in veterans with AUD$$$ Purpose: Non-invasive brain stimulation offers a promising treatment avenue to modulate brain function directly in alcohol use disorder (AUD). Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a highly efficient and patterned form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) FDA-approved for treatment-resistant major depression. iTBS, however, has not yet been evaluated among veterans as a treatment for AUD. We hypothesized that, following left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) iTBS, individuals receiving active iTBS will experience greater reductions in depressive symptomatology, craving, alcohol cue-reactivity, and 6-month relapse rates, relative to sham iTBS. Methods: Veterans (n = 17,1 woman) were enrolled in a double-blind, sham-controlled trial (2-3 sessions/day for 7-10 days; 600 pulses/ session; 20 total sessions). Pre-and post-treatment assessments included self-report questionnaires and fMRI during an alcohol cue-reactivity task. Alcohol consumption was assessed for 6 months post-treatment. fMRI data were analyzed using standard SPM processing procedures. Average activation during alcohol cues was extracted from a-priori- defined regions of interest. Linear mixed-effects models were constructed to predict post-treatment craving, mood symptoms, brain activation, and relapse status. Results: Greater reductions in anhedonic depressive symptoms were observed following active iTBS (Cohen'sd = -0.59), relative to sham (d = -0.25). Alcohol cue-reactivity was reduced in active iTBS relative to an increase in those who received sham iTBS in the left insula (d = -0.19 vs 0.51), left thalamus (d = -0.28 vs 0.77), right insula (d = 0.18 vs 0.52), and right thalamus (d = -0.06 vs 0.62). Individuals who received active iTBS relative to the sham condition did not have significant changes in self-reported craving or relapse rates at 6 months. Conclusions: This study is the first to deliver left DLPFC iTBS for AUD. Findings highlight the potential of this approach to decrease anhedonic depressive symptomatology and alcohol cue-reactivity among veterans with AUD -both of which are strong predictors of relapse in this cohort. Future well-powered clinical trials should examine the potential indirect effects of iTMS on relapse in Veterans.
INFLUENCE OF REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION OF CNS ON FIBROMYALGIA PATIENTS-A RANDOMIZED, DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED STUDY (INTERIM ANALYSIS)$$$ Background: Fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) is a chronic disorder characterized by diffuse pain, sensitivity to sensory stimuli, fatigue, cognitive impairment, mood and sleep disorder. The side effects of drugs used in treatment (i.e. antiepileptics) can mimic certain symptoms of fibromyalgia (i.e. impaired balance, dizziness), so there is a huge need for alternative treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive therapy utilizing a magnetic field to stimulate different brain structures. rTMS is registered as adjuvant therapy for major depressive disorder, migraine, and obsessive-compulsive disorder, and its efficacy is being investigated for other conditions. Objectives: The main aim was to evaluate the influence of rTMS in alleviating the symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia. Methods: Sixteen patients were randomized to rTMS (n=10) or sham treatment (n=6). rTMS was applied in 10-day sessions with a frequency of 10 Hz and an intensity of 130% of the predetermined motor threshold over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). One session of rTMS consisted of 5 seconds of stimulation (frequency of 10 Hz, for a total of 50 stimuli) and a 10-second pause. Patients received 2000 stimuli per day (50 stimuli in 40 repeated sessions). The placebo was applied with an inactive sham coil which resembles active treatment. The intensity of symptoms was assessed with Tender Point Examination (TPE), Visual Analog Scale of Pain (VAS), Brief Pain Inventory (BPI), Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI II), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Montreal Cognitive Assesment (MoCa), Medical Outcome Studies Sleeping Scale (MOS SS), Functional Assesment of Chronic Illness Therapy-Fatigue (FACIT-F), 36-item Short Form Survey (SF-36), and Revised Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQR). Results: There was no difference between groups in any of the characteristics at baseline. There was a decrease in BDI score after the treatment period, but the change was more prominent in the rTMS group compared to the placebo (p=0.064). rTMS was also superior in a decrease in FIQR score (p=0.054) (Table 2.) and an increase in vitality through SF-36 (p=0.003). Moreover, placebo treatment led to a significant reduction in sleep disturbances (p=0.035). There were no differences between groups in delta values before and after treatment regarding the rest of investigated characteristics (Table 1., p> 0.05). Conclusion: Preliminary results suggest a reduction in the impact of the disease and depression, as well as an increase in the vitality of participants who have been treated with rTMS. The placebo effect on a reduction of sleep disturbance can be partly explained by the stimulating effect of rTMS. Because this was an interim analysis, the presented results should be taken with caution.
Acute pain drives different effects on local and global cortical excitability in motor and prefrontal areas: Insights into interregional and interpersonal differences in pain processing.$$$ Pain-related depression of motor cortico-spinal excitability has been explored using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)-based motor evoked potentials. Recently, TMS combined with concomitant high-density electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) enabled cortical excitability (CE) assessments in non-motor areas, offering novel insights into CE changes during pain states. Here, pain-related CE changes were explored in the primary motor cortex (M1) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). CE was recorded in 24 healthy participants before (Baseline), during painful heat (Acute Pain), and non-painful warm (Non-noxious warm) stimulation for eight minutes at the right forearm in a randomized sequence, followed by a pain-free stimulation measurement. Local CE was measured as peak-to-peak amplitude of the early latencies of the TMS-evoked potential (<120 ms) on each target. Furthermore, global-mean field power (GMFP) was used to measure global excitability. Relative to the Baseline, Acute Pain induced a decrease of -9.9±8.8% in the peak-to-peak amplitude in M1 and -10.2±7.4% in DFPFC, while no significant differences were found for Non-noxious warm (+0.6±8.0% in M1 and +3.4±7.2% in DLPFC; both P<0.05). A reduced GMFP of - 9.1±9.0% was only found in M1 during Acute Pain compared with Non-noxious warm (P=0.003). Participants with the largest reduction in local CE under Acute Pain showed a negative correlation between DLPFC and M1 local CE (r=-0.769; P=0.006). Acute experimental pain drove differential pain-related effects on local and global CE changes in motor and non-motor areas at a group level while also revealing different interindividual patterns of CE changes, which can be explored when designing personalized treatment plans.
Acute effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on postural control of trained athletes: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is used to modulate the brain function in targeted brain areas, and can acutely modulate motor control, such as postural control. While the acute effect of tDCS is well documented on patients, little is still known whether tDCS can alter the motor control of healthy populations with an already high level of motor skills. This study aimed to assess the acute effect of tDCS on postural control of trained athletes. Eighteen parkour practitioners, known for their good balance abilities, were tested on three occasions in the laboratory for each stimulation condition (2 mA; 20 minutes) - primary motor cortex (M1), prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and sham (placebo). Postural control was evaluated PRE and POST each stimulation by measuring Center of Pressure (CoP) displacements on a force platform during static conditions (bipedal and unipedal stance). Following M1 stimulation, significant decreases were observed in CoP area in unipedal (P=0.003) and bipedal (P<0.001) stances. As well, the CoP total length was significantly reduced in bipodal (P=0.005) as well as in unipedal stance (P<0.001), only after M1 stimulation. Relative pre-post changes observed after M1 stimulation were negatively correlated to experience in parkour only after unipedal stance (r=0.715, P<0.001), meaning that the more participants were trained the less tDCS was effective. No significant changes were noticed after sham and dlPFC stimulation. These results suggested that the modulation of gait performance in athletes following an acute intervention of tDCS is specific to the targeted brain region, and that more complex postures (such as unipedal stance) were more sensitive to the effect of tDCS according to the level of practice.
Electroconvulsive therapy in individuals with dementia/major NCD presenting with behavioral symptoms: a systematic review$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study aims to systematically review the literature on using electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with dementia/major NCD (Neuro cognitive disorder) presenting with behavioral symptoms. DESIGN: We conducted a PRISMA-guided systematic review of the literature. We searched five major databases, including PubMed, Medline, Embase, Cochrane, and registry (ClinicalTrials.gov), collaborating with "ECT" and "dementia/major NCD" as our search terms. MEASUREMENTS: Out of 445 published papers and four clinical trials, only 43 papers and three clinical trials met the criteria. There were 22 case reports, 14 case series, 4 retrospective chart reviews, 1 retrospective case-control study, 1 randomized controlled trial, and 2 ongoing trials. We evaluated existing evidence for using ECT in dementia/major NCD patients with depressive symptoms, agitation and aggression, psychotic symptoms, catatonia, Lewy body dementia/major NCD, manic symptoms, and a combination of these symptoms. SETTINGS: The studies were conducted in the in-patient setting. PARTICIPANTS: Seven hundred and ninety total patients over the age of 60 years were added. RESULTS: All reviewed studies reported symptomatic benefits in treating behavioral symptoms in individuals with dementia/major NCD. While transient confusion, short-term memory loss, and cognitive impairment were common side effects, most studies found no serious side effects from ECT use. CONCLUSION: Current evidence from a systematic review of 46 studies indicates that ECT benefits specific individuals with dementia/major NCD and behavioral symptoms, but sometimes adverse events may limit its use in these vulnerable individuals.
Deep Brain Stimulation of the Anterior Nucleus of the Thalamus in Drug-Resistant Epilepsy in the MORE Multicenter Patient Registry$$$ Background and ObjectivesThe efficacy of deep brain stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (ANT DBS) in patients with drug-resistant epilepsy (DRE) was demonstrated in the double-blind Stimulation of the Anterior Nucleus of the Thalamus for Epilepsy randomized controlled trial. The Medtronic Registry for Epilepsy (MORE) aims to understand the safety and longer-term effectiveness of ANT DBS therapy in routine clinical practice.MethodsMORE is an observational registry collecting prospective and retrospective clinical data. Participants were at least 18 years old, with focal DRE recruited across 25 centers from 13 countries. They were followed for at least 2 years in terms of seizure frequency (SF), responder rate (RR), health-related quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy Inventory 31), depression, and safety outcomes.ResultsOf the 191 patients recruited, 170 (mean [SD] age of 35.6 [10.7] years, 43% female) were implanted with DBS therapy and met all eligibility criteria. At baseline, 38% of patients reported cognitive impairment. The median monthly SF decreased by 33.1% from 15.8 at baseline to 8.8 at 2 years (p < 0.0001) with 32.3% RR. In the subgroup of 47 patients who completed 5 years of follow-up, the median monthly SF decreased by 55.1% from 16 at baseline to 7.9 at 5 years (p < 0.0001) with 53.2% RR. High-volume centers (>10 implantations) had 42.8% reduction in median monthly SF by 2 years in comparison with 25.8% in low-volume center. In patients with cognitive impairment, the reduction in median monthly SF was 26.0% by 2 years compared with 36.1% in patients without cognitive impairment. The most frequently reported adverse events were changes (e.g., increased frequency/severity) in seizure (16%), memory impairment (patient-reported complaint, 15%), depressive mood (patient-reported complaint, 13%), and epilepsy (12%). One definite sudden unexpected death in epilepsy case was reported.DiscussionThe MORE registry supports the effectiveness and safety of ANT DBS therapy in a real-world setting in the 2 years following implantation.Classification of EvidenceThis study provides Class IV evidence that ANT DBS reduces the frequency of seizures in patients with drug-resistant focal epilepsy.
Efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions on depressive symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease: a study protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Introduction Depression is the most dominant non-motor symptom of Parkinson's disease (PD), with a prevalence of up to 50%, and can lead to a range of psychiatric and psychological problems that can affect quality of life and overall functioning. While several randomised controlled trials (RCTs) have tested the effect of certain non-pharmacological interventions on the outcome of PD depression symptoms, the comparative benefits and harms of these remain unclear. We will conduct a systematic review and network meta-analysis to compare the efficacy and safety of different non-pharmacological interventions for patients with PD depression. Methods and analysis We will search PubMed, Web of Science, Cochrane, Embase, Google Scholar, the Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure, the Chinese Biomedical Literature Database, WanFang Data and the Chongqing VIP Database from their inception date to June 2022. The studies will be limited to results published in English or Chinese. The primary outcomes will be the changes in the depressive symptoms, while secondary outcomes will include adverse effects and the quality of life. Two researchers will screen those documents that meet the inclusion criteria, extracting data according to the preset table and evaluating the methodological quality of the included studies using the Cochrane Risk of Bias 2.0 Tool. The STATA and ADDIS statistical software will be used to conduct a systematic review and network meta-analysis. A traditional pairwise meta-analysis and a network meta-analysis will be performed to compare the efficacy and safety of different non-pharmacological interventions, ensuring the robustness of the findings. The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation system will be used to assess the overall quality of the body of evidence associated with the main results. The publication bias assessment will be conducted using comparison-adjusted funnel plots. Ethics and dissemination All the data for this study will be extracted from published RCTs. As a literature-based systematic review, this study does not require ethical approval. The results will be disseminated through peer-reviewed journals and national/international conference presentations. PROSPERO registration number CRD42022347772.
Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation (tACS) as a Treatment for Insomnia$$$ We investigated the effects of transcranial alternating stimulation (tACS) in patients with insomnia. Nine patients with chronic insomnia underwent two in-laboratory polysomnography, 2 weeks apart, and were randomized to receive tACS either during the first or second study. The stimulation was applied simultaneously and bilaterally at F3/M1 and F4/M2 electrodes (0.75 mA, 0.75 Hz, 5-minute). Sleep onset latency and wake after sleep onset dropped on the stimulation night but they did not reach statistical significance; however, there were significant improvements in spontaneous and total arousals, sleep quality, quality of life, recall memory, sleep duration, sleep efficiency, and daytime sleepiness.
Investigating interindividual variability in corticomotor reorganization during sustained hamstring pain: A randomized experimental study$$$ Background: Increasing evidence suggests that pain drives maladaptive corticomotor changes that may increase susceptibility to injury and promote symptom recurrence. However, few studies have evaluated the influence of interindividual corticomotor responses to musculoskeletal pain. Existing research in this area has also been limited largely to the upper limb. This is a pertinent point, given the functional and neurophysiological differences between upper and lower limb muscles, as well as the fact that most acute sporting injuries occur in the lower limb. Accordingly, this study explored the variability of corticomotor responses to experimentally-induced sustained hamstring pain and whether specific patterns of corticomotor reorganization were associated with poorer outcomes (mechanical sensitivity, pain, or functional limitation). Method: Thirty-six healthy individuals participated. Following random allocation on Day 0, the experimental group performed an eccentric exercise protocol of the right hamstring muscles to induce delayed onset muscle soreness. The control group performed repetition-matched concentric exercise that did not induce soreness. Measures of mechanical sensitivity, pain, function, and corticomotor organization were collected at baseline and on Day 2. Results and conclusions: Corticomotor responses to sustained hamstring pain were variable. Individuals who developed corticomotor facilitation in response to hamstring pain experienced greater mechanical sensitivity than those who developed corticomotor depression. These novel data could have implications for rehabilitation following lower limb pain or injury.
Cortical inhibition function is associated with baseline suicidal symptoms and post-ketamine suicidal symptom reduction among patients with treatment-resistant depression and strong suicidal ideation$$$ Background: Whether cortical excitation and inhibition functions differ between patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) and strong suicidal ideation (SI) and healthy subjects and whether 0.5 mg/kg ketamine infusion can modulate cortical excitation and inhibition functions among patients with TRD–SI remain unclear. Methods: A total of 29 patients with TRD–SI and 35 age- and sex-matched healthy controls were assessed using paired-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation. The patients were randomly assigned to receive either a single 0.5-mg/kg ketamine or 0.045-mg/kg midazolam infusion. Depressive and suicidal symptoms were assessed at baseline and 240 min after infusion. Intracortical facilitation (ICF), short-interval intracortical inhibition (SICI), and long-interval intracortical inhibition (LICI), all of which reflect cortical excitability and inhibition functions, were measured at the same time points. Results: The patients with TRD–SI had lower ICF (p < 0.001) estimates (worse cortical excitatory function) and higher SICI (p = 0.032) and LICI (p < 0.001) estimates (worse cortical inhibitory function) compared with the control group. Higher SICI estimates at baseline were associated with greater baseline suicidal symptoms. No differences were found in the SICI, ICF, and LICI estimates at 240 min after the infusion between the two groups. Low-dose ketamine did not alter the cortical excitation and inhibition functions of the patients with TRD–SI. However, decreased SICI estimates (greater cortical inhibition function) were related to the reduction of suicidal symptoms. Discussion: Dysfunction of cortical excitation and inhibition may play a crucial role in the pathomechanisms of TRD and suicidal symptoms. However, we found a lack of predictive ability of the baseline cortical excitation and inhibition parameters on the antidepressant and antisuicidal effect of low-dose ketamine infusion.
Efficacy of Functional Remediation on Cognitive and Psychosocial Functioning in Patients with Bipolar Disorder: Study Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Study$$$ Background: Neurocognitive impairment is a prominent characteristic of bipolar disorder (BD), linked with poor psychosocial functioning. This study’s purpose is to evaluate the effectiveness of functional remediation (FR) in enhancing neurocognitive dysfunctions in a sample of remitted patients with diagnosis of BD in comparison to treatment as usual—TAU. To quantify the neurocognitive damage, the Brief Assessment of Cognition in Affective Disorders (BAC-A) will be used, and the overall psychosocial functioning will be measured with the Functioning Assessment Short Test—FAST. Methods: The randomized, rater-blinded, controlled study will include two arms (1:1) encompassing 54 outpatients with diagnosis of BD-I and BD-II, as defined by the DSM-5 criteria. In the experimental phase, remitted patients aged 18–55 years will be involved. At the baseline, at the end of intervention and at the 6-month follow-up, patients will be evaluated using clinical scales (Young Mania Rating Scale (Y-MRS) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D)). Neurocognitive measurements and psychosocial functioning will be valued, respectively, with BAC-A and FAST. Discussion: The primary expected outcome is that following FR intervention, patients will exhibit improved cognitive abilities and psychosocial outcomes compared to the participants in the TAU group. It is now recognized that neurocognitive deficits are potential predictors of functional outcome in patients with BD. In recent years, there has been a growing interest in the implementation of interventions that, in addition to symptomatic remission, are also aimed at neurocognitive dysfunctions in order to achieve a recovery of psychosocial functioning.
The Concept of “Hypersexuality” in the Boundary between Physiological and Pathological Sexuality$$$ Introduction: The concept of hypersexuality belongs to modern parlance, according to a predominantly clinical meaning, and is understood as a psychological and behavioural alteration as a result of which sexually motivated stimuli are sought in inappropriate ways and often experienced in a way that is not completely satisfactory. Methods: Literature up to February 2023 was reviewed, with 25 searches selected. Results: Forty-two articles were included in the review. Conclusion: Hypersexuality is a potentially clinically relevant condition consisting of one or more dysfunctional and pathological behaviours of one’s sexual sphere and graded according to the severity of impairment of subjective acting out; for this reason, the Perrotta Hypersexuality Global Spectrum of Gradation (PH-GSS) is suggested, which distinguishes high-functioning forms (pro-active and dynamic hypersexuality) from those of attenuated and corrupted functioning (dysfunctional and pathological hypersexuality of grades I and II). Future research is hoped to address the practical needs of this condition, such as the exact etiopathology, the role of oxytocin in dopaminergic hypotheses (and its ability to attenuate the symptomatology suffered by the patient in terms of manic drive), the best structural and functional personality framing of the subject, and the appropriate therapy to pursue.
Celecoxib for Mood Disorders: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ The effects of celecoxib on a broad spectrum of mood disorders and on inflammatory parameters have not yet been comprehensively evaluated. The aim of this study was to systematically summarize the available knowledge on this topic. Data from both preclinical and clinical studies were analyzed, considering the efficacy and safety of celecoxib in the treatment of mood disorders, as well as the correlation of inflammatory parameters with the effect of celecoxib treatment. Forty-four studies were included. We found evidence supporting the antidepressant efficacy of celecoxib in a dose of 400 mg/day used for 6 weeks as an add-on treatment in major depression (SMD = −1.12 [95%Cl: −1.71,−0.52], p = 0.0002) and mania (SMD = −0.82 [95% CI:−1.62,−0.01], p = 0.05). The antidepressant efficacy of celecoxib in the above dosage used as sole treatment was also confirmed in depressed patients with somatic comorbidity (SMD = −1.35 [95% CI:−1.95,−0.75], p < 0.0001). We found no conclusive evidence for the effectiveness of celecoxib in bipolar depression. Celecoxib at a dose of 400 mg/d used for up to 12 weeks appeared to be a safe treatment in patients with mood disorders. Although an association between celecoxib response and inflammatory parameters has been found in preclinical studies, this has not been confirmed in clinical trials. Further studies are needed to evaluate the efficacy of celecoxib in bipolar depression, as well as long-term studies evaluating the safety and efficacy of celecoxib in recurrent mood disorders, studies involving treatment-resistant populations, and assessing the association of celecoxib treatment with inflammatory markers.
147. A Prospective, Multi-Center, Randomized, Controlled, Blinded Trial of Vagus Verve Stimulation for Difficult to Treat Depression: The Recover Trial Baseline Data$$$ Background: Therapeutic Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) is FDA-approved for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). In 2019, the US Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) requested a “coverage with evidence trial” to study VNS efficacy in Medicare TRD patients. This large, multi-center (71 US sites), randomized, sham-controlled trial, RECOVER, assesses VNS efficacy over 12 months. Methods: Inclusion criteria include: ≥18 years old, Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) or Major Depressive Episode (MDE) current in uni/bipolar disorder, chronic (≥2 years) or recurrent (≥4 MDEs) failure of four antidepressant (AD) treatments in current MDE, score of ≥ 22 on the Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale. Exclusion criteria include: substance use, psychosis, acute suicidal ideation/intention, severe personality disorders. All subjects implanted and randomized to active treatment (device on) or sham (device off) for 12 months; blinded, offsite raters collect outcomes. Months in response (active -vs- sham) is the primary outcome. Results: 480 patients enrolled; mean age 54.0, mean MADRS 34.6, mean onset age is 20.9, and 20.4 years of lifetime MDE. Average failed lifetime ADs is 14.1, with many receiving aggressive AD treatments: ECT (41.9%), TMS (46.7%), and ketamine (21.3%). Many report psychiatric hospitalizations (64.0%); suicide attempts (43.8%). To date, 222 patients (including withdrawals) have completed the trial’s first year. Conclusions: RECOVER is the largest prospective, randomized, device-based, sham-controlled MDD trial ever conducted; enrolling severe TRD patients not studied in most MDD clinical trials. It will provide clearer understanding of VNS responsivity (e.g., onset of response and baseline outcome predictors). Funding Source: LivaNova, PLC; Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services Keywords: Treatment Resistant Depression, Vagus Nerve Stimulation, Major Depression, bipolar depression
26. Neurocognitive Effects of Adjunctive D-Cycloserine and Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation in Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: In participants with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), a N-Methyl-D-Aspartate (NMDA) partial agonist D-Cycloserine, paired with intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) results in greater symptom improvements than iTBS+placebo. The presumed mechanism is enhanced NMDA receptor dependent plasticity in the DLPFC. We aimed to determine whether this treatment combination improved subjective and objective cognitive function. Methods: Fifty participants with MDD were enrolled in a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial in which participants received either daily iTBS+Placebo or iTBS+D-Cycloserine (100mg) for two weeks, followed by 2 weeks of stimulation without an adjuvant. The THINC-integrated tool was used to measure subjective and objective cognitive function at baseline and at 2 weeks, and depression severity was measured with the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Improvements in cognitive function were investigated using repeated measures ANOVA and this was repeated as an ANCOVA to account for MADRS change. Results: The iTBS+D-Cycloserine group showed significant improvements on the Perceived Deficits Questionnaire (subjective measure of cognitive function) and the ‘One Back’ working memory measure (both p<0.05). Repeating the analysis, covarying for MADRS change, the subjective improvements did not withstand correction for depressive symptom improvement, however, the working memory improvements did (F(1,39)=5.41, p=0.025). Conclusions: Our data suggests improvements in subjective cognitive function and working memory performance in MDD following treatment with D-Cycloserine+iTBS. Improvement in working memory, a heavily DLPFC dependent task, is not attributable to improvement in depressive symptoms. This suggests functional remodelling of the DLPFC by facilitating NMDA receptor dependent synaptic plasticity. Funding Source: Brain and Behavior Research Fund; Campus Alberta Innovates Keywords: Cognitive Deficits, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation (iTBS), Randomized Clinical Trial, Major Depressive Disorder (MDD)
427. The Effects of Repetitive TMS on Brain Neurometabolites: A Meta-Analysis of Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy Studies$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is FDA-approved for several psychiatric disorders including treatment-resistant depression and shows promise for other disorders not yet FDA approved (e.g. Su et al., 2020). Characterizing rTMS-induced neurometabolic changes could help elucidate the neural underpinnings of this intervention. The present study offers a quantitative meta-analysis of the extant literature where proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (H-MRS) before and after rTMS intervention was assessed. Methods: Twenty-one studies encompassing 77 outcomes were identified. Studies included patients with depression, other psychopathology and healthy individuals and measured Glutamate, Glutamine, Glutamine/glutamate (Glx), γ-Aminobutyric acid, N-Acetylaspartatic acid, or Inositol. Effect sizes (Cohen’s d) were calculated using a random effects model. Moderator analyses assessed the impact of diagnosis, metabolite, and number of rTMS pulses. All meta-analyses were computed in R according to Harrer et al. (2021). Results: Overall, neurometabolite concentrations increased after rTMS (SMD=0.71, p < 0.0001). Subgroup analysis showed homogenous increases across neurometabolites (Q=3.96, p=0.41) after rTMS and a trend difference in effect size across diagnostic groups (Q=4.97, p=0.08). Interaction analysis (p<0.05) revealed a more robust increase in Glutamate+Glx in patients with depression (SMD=1.01, p<0.0001) and other psychiatric disorders (SMD=1.04, p<0.0001) than in healthy controls (SMD=0.49, p<0.05). A meta-regression indicated that more TMS pulses were correlated with larger effects across all metabolites (Q=31.42, p<0.001). Conclusions: The present meta-analysis suggests that rTMS treatment increases concentrations of glutamate-related neurometabolites in a dose-dependent manner. This stronger effect of rTMS on patients may reflect a sensitivity to baseline neurometabolism given known deficits in glutamatergic compounds among patients. Funding Source: R01 MH119185; R01 MH120174; R56 AG066656 Keywords: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, Proton Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy, neurometabolites, Depression
3. Adjunctive D-Cycloserine With Intermittent Theta-Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Improves Suicidal Ideation and Implicit Suicide Risk in Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) to the dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a non-invasive treatment for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). We have shown that pairing iTBS with a mechanistically informed adjunct, the partial NMDA receptor agonist D-Cycloserine, improves antidepressant outcomes in MDD. Given that the DLPFC has also been implicated in suicide, we sought to test whether this adjunctive treatment influences suicidal ideation and implicit suicide risk measured on the Death-Implicit Association Test (D-IAT). Methods: In this four-week randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial, fifty participants with MDD received adjunctive D-Cycloserine or placebo with iTBS for the first two of four weeks. Suicidal ideation was measured by the suicide items of the clinician-rated Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and the self-reported Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptoms (QIDS-SR). At baseline and 2 weeks of iTBS+adjunctive D-Cycloserine or placebo, participants completed the D-IAT. Results: Treatment groups did not differ on baseline suicide metrics. iTBS+D-Cycloserine improved on clinician-rated (-2LL=18.13, p=.006) but not self-reported (-2LL=22.49, p=0.22) suicidal ideation. There was a Group*Time interaction such that only iTBS+D-Cycloserine treatment resulted in reduced suicide risk on the D-IAT (F(1,45) = 5.07, p = .03), an effect which persisted after controlling for improvements in depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation (F(1,45) = 4.08, p = .049). Conclusions: Mechanistically informed adjuncts may enhance the effects of neurostimulation to mitigate suicide risk. Future studies should determine the utility of this strategy in acutely suicidal individuals. Funding Source: Brain and Behavior Research Foundation (AM); Campus Alberta Innovates Program Chair in Neurostimulation (AM); Branch Out Neurological Foundation Graduate Award (MS). Keywords: Suicide ideation, Depression, Affective Cognition, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), D-Cycloserine
267. Outcomes from University of Minnesota Clinical RTMS Clinic for Treatment-Resistant Depression: RTMS Effects on Suicidal Ideation as a Function of Baseline Anhedonia$$$ Background: The risk and rate of suicide increase with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). This study aims to compare the effectiveness of rTMS on reducing suicidal ideation and examine anhedonia as a potential correlate in suicidal ideation. Methods: This study was a retrospective analysis of the TMS outcome database from 5/2017 to 11/2020 of University of Minnesota Neuromodulation Clinic. All patients received TMS treatments with various stimulation parameters (1 hz, 10 hz, 18 hz, 50 Hz or switched between frequencies) 5 times a week for 6-8 weeks and completed PHQ-9 daily, IDS-SR, and MADRS weekly. Suicidal ideation was assessed with the ninth question of PHQ-9. We used the total score of IDS-SR to assess depression severity. Linear mixed models for repeated measures were utilized to analyze the change of suicidal ideation over the course of TMS treatment. A composite measure of anhedonia was created using both IDS-SR items and PHQ-9 item 1. Results: 182 participants data were included. We explored effects of anhedonia on SI in patients with baseline SI with fixed effects of time, baseline anhedonia (PHQ-9 items 1), and random intercept. Time (F(1,212)= 13,292, β= 0.901, p<0.001) and anhedonia (F(1,212)= 56,011, β= 0.54, p<0.001) were both significant predictors of change in SI. The time * anhedonia interaction term was not significant. Baseline SI is significantly associated with baseline anhedonia, even when controlling for depression severity. Post-TMS, SI change is significantly associated with change anhedonia, even when controlling for change in depression and baseline depression. Conclusions: This large naturalistic dataset provides additional support for the real-world effectiveness of rTMS in TRD and suggests that rTMS has the capacity to remediate SI. Importantly, our results indicate a previously unreported relationship between baseline anhedonia and SI, whereby high baseline anhedonia blunts rTMS’ effects on SI. Interestingly, differential effects of treatment parameters (i.e., stimulation device, frequency, etc.) on global depression and SI were not detected. Keywords: Depression and suicide, Anhedonia, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS)
572. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation as Add-On to Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors in Adults With Major Depressive Disorder: Results: From the DepressionDC Trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as a feasible treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, meta-analytic evidence is heterogenous, and data from multicenter trials are lacking. Therefore, we assessed the efficacy of tDCS versus sham stimulation as an add-on to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in adults with MDD. Methods: The DepressionDC trial was a triple-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial conducted at 8 sites in Germany. Patients (aged 18 to 65 years) with MDD were eligible if they had been receiving an SSRI at a stable dose for at least 4 weeks; the SSRI was continued during treatment. Patients were allocated to receive either 30-minute, 2-mA bifrontal tDCS for 20 consecutive weekdays followed by 2 tDCS sessions a week for 2 weeks or sham stimulation at the same intervals. Participants, raters, and operators were masked to treatment assignment. Primary outcome was change on the MADRS at week 6. Results: Between January 19, 2016, and June 15, 2020, 3601 individuals were assessed for eligibility; 160 were included, and data from 150 were analyzed (89 [59%] women, 61 [41%] men). No intergroup difference was found in mean improvement on the MADRS at week 6 (active tDCS, n=77, -8·2 [SD 7·2]; sham, n=73, -8·0 [9·3]; difference, 0·3 [95% CI, -2·4 to 2·9]). More mild adverse events occurred with active tDCS. Conclusions: Active tDCS was not superior to sham stimulation over a 6-week period. Our trial does not support the efficacy of tDCS as an add-on to SSRIs in adults with MDD. Funding Source: Federal Ministry of Education and Research (Germany) Keywords: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), Depression
Optimizing rTMS for Transdiagnostic Symptom and Circuitry Profiles$$$ Background: Optimizing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for transdiagnostic neurobehavioral phenotypes necessitates considerations of 1) variations in cortical targeting location and effects on underlying circuitry as well as 2) dosing and effects on therapeutic response. Methods: Toward considerations of cortical location, findings are presented from three studies of concurrent TMS-fMRI. In the first study (N=24) we investigated whether probing three nodes of the cognitive control network at rest would differentially influence the fronto-parietal and cingular-opercular subnetworks. In the second study (N=24) we investigated whether state dependence, particularly emotional arousal (natural scenes), would influence the responsiveness of the fronto-parietal and somato-motor networks. In the third study (N=20) we examined whether variations in cognitive load (n-back) would influence the responsiveness of the fronto-parietal and default networks. Toward considerations of dosing, findings are presented from a randomized double-blind, sham controlled dose-finding trial of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for depression and anxiety (N=26). Results: Our findings suggest that cortical regions other than conventional dlPFC are similarly robust targets for influencing the networks integral to adaptive emotion and cognition. Furthermore, modifying the cognitive/emotional engagement of the participant in a foreground task enhances neurocircuit responsiveness to TMS. Finally, the dose response curves for different symptom constellations secondary to accelerated rTMS suggest that related symptoms of depression and anxiety share largely the same dose-response curve and durability patterns. Conclusions: Taken together, more systematic examination of 1) alternative cortical targets, 2) state dependence, and 3) dose response across neurobehavioral phenotypes is warranted to further optimize rTMS. Funding Source: NARSAD; VA RR and D SPiRE I21RX002886; NIMH K23 K23 MH104849 Keywords: TMS-fMRI, Concurrent rTMS/fMRI, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), dose-finding, Depression, Anxiety
Neural Network Studies of Mood Disorder Risk: Prospective, Replication and Novel Neuromodulatory Approaches to Identify Causal Relationships$$$ Background: Aberrant central executive (CEN)- default mode network (DMN) functional connectivity (FC) predisposes to future depressive and anxiety disorders; and elevated reward expectancy(RE)-related activity in the left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex (vlPFC) in salience(SN) and reward networks, to mania/hypomania and Bipolar Disorder(BD). We sought to determine whether aberrant CEN-SN-DMN connectivity predisposes to future depression in young adults; and how theta burst stimulation (TBS) can target left vlPFC to impact positive and negative affect. Methods: 1: We examined relationships among emotional regulation-related CEN-DMN-SN functional connectivity(FC) and depression and anxiety in n=90[age=21.7(2.0)] recruited trans-diagnostically; whether these relationships were specific to depression/anxiety; were replicated in an independent sample[n=96, age=21.6(2.1)]; and if relationships predicted depression up to 1 year post scan[n=61,age =21.6(2.1)]. 2: In an ongoing double-blinded study, 11 adults to date (BD, healthy controls; sample increasing) received left vlPFC continuous (c; inhibitory)TBS, left vlFPC sham TBS, and left somatosensory cortex(control region) cTBS. RE-related left vlPFC activity, positive and negative affect were examined pre and post TBS (condition-blinded). Results: 1: In the discovery sample, greater emotional regulation-related CEN-SN-DMN activity and FC specifically predicted current depression and anxiety severity (ps<0.05,qFDR; OR:1.43-4.27), replicated(ps<0.001,FDRq,OR:1.88-11.22), and predicted future depression and anxiety severity(ps<0.001,qFDR;OR:1.49-6.26). 2: In one TBS condition only, RE-related left vlPFC activity reduced pre to post TBS (mean beta coefficient pre:<0.1, post: -0.3), and was associated with reduced negative(R2=0.404) and increased positive(R2=0.563) affect pre to post TBS. Conclusions: We illustrate how neural network approaches can identify neural markers reflecting causal, neural mechanisms to help develop new neuromodulatory interventions targeting these markers, to improve affect, and ultimately mood regulation, in mood-disordered individuals. Funding Source: R37MH100041, R01MH122990, the Pittsburgh Foundation Keywords: Neural Networks, Emotional Regulation, Reward, Mood Disorders, Theta Burst Stimulation
8. dmPFC Causal Modulation of Antidepressant Expectancies$$$ Background: The ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC)- ventral striatum (VS) circuit has been consistently implicated in the formation of placebo effects, yet the causal contribution of this circuit to the formation of antidepressant placebo effects has not been demonstrated. We use dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC) stimulation to enhance the representation of antidepressant expectancies in the vmPFC-VS circuit and ultimately cause mood improvement. Methods: 30 unmedicated individuals with Major Depressive Disorder ages 18-55 years, were assigned to receive three within-subject counterbalanced forms of TBS targeting the vmPFC—intermittent (iTBS) expected to potentiate the vmPFC, continuous TBS (cTBS) expected to de-potentiate the vmPFC, or sham TBS (sTBS). Each TBS session was followed by scanning session where participants completed the Antidepressant Placebo fMRI Task, which features two putative components of the placebo effect: expectancies of antidepressant infusions and their reinforcement with sham neurofeedback during the recording of trial-by-trial expectancy and mood ratings. Results: One session of intermittent TBS (iTBS), compared to sham and cTBS, was associated with increased BOLD responses in the dmPFC and downstream effects in the vmPFC-VS, the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex, and the bilateral orbitofrontal cortex, during the processing of antidepressant expectancies, compared to the control condition. iTBS, compared to cTBS, was associated with significantly higher mood responses in response to the reinforcement manipulation (Estimate=0.33, S.E. 0.16=, p=0.04). Conclusions: These preliminary data demonstrate that dmPFC iTBS enhances the representation of antidepressant expectancies in the vmPFC-VS and the associated mood responses, providing insights into the causal contribution of this circuit to the formation of antidepressant placebo effects. Funding Source: RO1 Keywords: Depression, Neuromodulation, Placebo Effects, BOLD fMRI
28. Dimensional Antidepressant Response to Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation can be Predicted Using Pretreatment Resting-State Functional Connectivity$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for depression and has been shown to modulate resting-state functional connectivity (RSFC) of depression-relevant circuits. To date, however, few studies have investigated whether individual treatment-related symptom changes are predictable from pretreatment RSFC. We use machine learning to predict dimensional changes in depressive symptoms using pretreatment patterns of RSFC. Methods: Patients with depression (n=26, 50% male) underwent resting-state fMRI before treatment and depressive symptoms were assessed with the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17). Random forest regression (RFR) models were trained and tested to predict treatment-related symptom changes captured by the HDRS-17, HDRS-6, and three previously identified dimensional subscales: Core mood/anhedonia (CMA), somatic disturbances, and insomnia. Permutation tests (B=100 iterations) evaluated model significance. Results: The coefficient of determination (i.e., fraction of explained variance) was significant for changes in the CMA (R∧2=0.09, p<0.01), HDRS-17 (R∧2=0.02, p<0.01), and HDRS-6 (R∧2=0.02, p<0.01). CMA changes were predicted more accurately than the HDRS-17 (p<0.05). Higher global connectivity (GC) of two default mode network (DMN) subregions, the right dmPFC and right precuneus/PCC and the right somatomotor network (SMN) predicted poorer CMA symptom reduction while higher GC of the right dorsal attention (DATTN) predicted reduced CMA symptoms. Changes in the HDRS-17 and HDRS-6 were predicted with similar GC patterns. Conclusions: These results suggest that RSFC spanning the anterior and posterior DMN, along with broadly distributed SMN, and DATTN subregions may predict dimensional symptom changes following rTMS. These findings add to growing evidence that modeling dimensional outcomes improves the prediction of treatment-related symptom changes. Funding Source: NIMH R00 MH119314 Keywords: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), Depression, Resting State Functional Connectivity MRI (fcMRI), Machine Learning, Dimensional
219. rTMS Induces Increases in Aperiodic Activity in Resting-State EEG$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has a proven efficacy for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). However, mechanisms of therapeutic action remain largely unknown. Much of the electroencephalography (EEG) literature has focused on characteristic oscillatory (i.e., periodic) components of neural signals, with the aperiodic (non-oscillatory) component understudied and often considered biological “noise.” Emerging evidence suggests the aperiodic signal reflects underlying cortical physiology, represented by an exponential function fit, with the exponent (slope) a putative index of excitation-inhibition balance. Here, we applied a novel approach for parameterizing EEG spectra to extract aperiodic activity. To elucidate rTMS mechanisms and TRD pathophysiology, we explored the association between aperiodic activity and clinical outcomes before and after a clinical rTMS trial. Methods: Fifty-two patients with TRD were randomized to receive 3-6 weeks of active or sham rTMS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Resting-state EEG recordings were compared pre- and post-rTMS, with emphasis on aperiodic activity in frontal brain regions. Two-sided T-tests and multiple linear regressions were performed to detect associations between aperiodic changes and relative improvements in depression (assessed by the HAMD-17), while controlling for treatment condition. Results: The aperiodic exponent increased following rTMS but not sham, and this correlated with significant reductions in depressive symptoms (t(53) = 2.744, p= 0.008; R2 = 0.118, F(2, 49) = 3.272, p = 0.046). Conclusions: Clinical improvement after rTMS administered to the DLPFC in TRD may be associated with increases in the EEG aperiodic exponent. This highlights changes in cortical excitatory-inhibitory balance as a potential therapeutic mechanism of action of rTMS for TRD. Keywords: Aperiodic Neural Noise, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), Treatment Resistant Depression
Mechanisms of 1 Hz Inhibitory and 5 Hz Excitatory Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulations in Parkinson's Disease: A Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study$$$ Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) is a progressive disorder with alterations in cortical functional activity. Transcranial magnetic stimulation is known to incur motor benefits in PD by inducing motor activity through cortical connectivity, although the mechanisms are unclear. Objective: The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) (at three cortical sites) on functional and structural plasticity were studied in PD to understand inhibitory or excitatory rTMS-induced motor improvement. Methodology: The study was a single blind, randomized, sham-controlled type involving three groups. Three thousand rTMS pulses of frequency 1 Hz were given at primary motor area (in 13 patients of Group A) or premotor area (in Group B, n = 18) and a frequency 5 Hz at supplementary motor area in Group C (n = 19). Clinical rating scores (Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale [UPDRS], Parkinson's Disease Questionaire-39 [PDQ-39]) and motor dexterity were assessed at baseline, after sham and real rTMS sessions. Visuospatial functional magnetic resonance imaging task along with T1-weighted scans (at three Tesla) were used to evaluate the motor execution and planning post rTMS intervention. Results: Improvements (p < 0.05) in UPDRS II, III, Mobility, and activities of daily living of PDQ-39, Purdue Pegboard were observed. Increased blood oxygen level-dependent (BOLD) activations (family-wise error [FWE]-corrected P-value [pFWE] <0.01) were observed in motor cortices, parietal association areas, and cerebellum in groups C and decrease in group A and B after real TMS as compared with sham. Conclusions: Repetitive TMS at motor (1 Hz) and supplementary motor (5 Hz) areas resulted in significant clinical benefits by inducing cortical plasticity. TMS daily protocols have been commonly employed to modulate cortical connectivity in Parkinson's disease (PD). This study uses functional magnetic resonance imaging to assess rTMS-related effects in PD. Repetitive TMS protocol at higher pulses (3000/session) in primary and supplementary motor cortices administered weekly was clinically effective and safe. The results revealed functional restoration along with cortical plasticity mechanisms of externally generated movement in PD in response to noninvasive brain stimulation.
Real-Time fMRI Functional Connectivity Neurofeedback Reducing Repetitive Negative Thinking in Depression: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Sham-Controlled Proof-of-Concept Trial$$$ Introduction: Repetitive negative thinking (RNT) is a cognitive process focusing on self-relevant and negative experiences, leading to a poor prognosis of major depressive disorder (MDD). We previously identified that connectivity between the precuneus/posterior cingulate cortex (PCC) and right temporoparietal junction (rTPJ) was positively correlated with levels of RNT. Objective: In this double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled, proof-of-concept trial, we employed real-time functional magnetic resonance imaging neurofeedback (rtfMRI-nf) to delineate the neural processes that may be causally linked to RNT and could potentially become treatment targets for MDD. Methods: MDD-affected individuals were assigned to either active (n = 20) or sham feedback group (n = 19). RNT was measured by the Ruminative Response Scale-brooding subscale (RRS-B) before and 1 week after the intervention. Results: Individuals in the active but not in the sham group showed a significant reduction in the RRS-B; however, a greater reduction in the PCC-rTPJ connectivity was unrelated to a greater reduction in the RRS-B. Exploratory analyses revealed that a greater reduction in the retrosplenial cortex (RSC)-rTPJ connectivity yielded a more pronounced reduction in the RRS-B in the active but not in the sham group. Conclusions: RtfMRI-nf was effective in reducing RNT. Considering the underlying mechanism of rtfMIR-nf, the RSC and rTPJ could be part of a network (i.e., default mode network) that might collectively affect the intensity of RNT. Understanding the relationship between the functional organization of targeted neural changes and clinical metrics, such as RNT, has the potential to guide the development of mechanism-based treatment of MDD.
Face emotional expressions influence interhemispheric inhibition$$$ The processing of face expressions is a key ability to perform social interactions. Recently, it has been demonstrated that the excitability of the hand primary motor cortex (M1) increases following the view of negative faces expressions. Interhemispheric interactions and sensory-motor integration are cortical processes involving M1, which are known to be modulated by emotional and social behaviors. Whether these processes may mediate the effects of face emotional expressions on M1 excitability is unknown. Therefore, the aim of this study was to investigate the influence of the passive viewing of face emotional expressions on M1 interhemispheric connections and sensory-motor integration using standardized transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) protocols. Nineteen healthy subjects participated in the study. Interhemispheric inhibition (IHI) and short-afferent inhibition (SAI) were probed in the right first dorsal interosseous (FDI) muscle 300 ms after the randomized presentation of seven different face expressions (neutral, sadness, fear, disgust, surprise and happiness). Results showed a significantly reduced IHI following the passive viewing of fearful faces compared to neutral (p = .001) and happy (p = .035) faces and following the view of sad faces compared to neutral faces (p = .008). No effect of emotional faces was detected on SAI. Data suggest that sensory-motor integration process does not mediate the increased excitability of M1 induced by the view of negative face expressions. By contrast, it may be underpinned by a depression of IHI, which from a functional point of view may promote symmetrical avoiding movements of the hands in response to aversive stimuli.
EVALUATION OF rTMS TREATMENT OUTCOMES: COMPARING TREATMENT PROTOCOL AND DOSING IN AN OPEN-LABEL NATURALISTIC SETTING$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive neurostimulation treatment for treatment-resistant depression. Traditionally provided once daily, recent accelerated protocols show promise in reducing time demands on patients with similar positive outcomes. There is debate if 15 minutes between intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) treatments is sufficient for effective outcomes (Fitzgerald et al., 2020; Thomson, 2021; Thomson and Sack, 2020). Objectives: We aimed to evaluate depressive symptom improvement for patients who received one of three rTMS treatment protocols: left side 10 Hz; right side 1 Hz and iTBS - administered once or multiple times daily. We explored whether 15-minute intervals between iTBS treatments is non-inferior to once-daily rTMS. Methods: In a retrospective open-label design, patients were grouped by treatment protocol and dosing received. Pre- and post-treatment Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and Inventory of Depressive Symptomology - Self Report (IDS-SR) were used to assess change in depressive symptoms. Findings: All three protocols reduced HAM-D and IDSSR outcome scores, with no significant differences between them. No significant differences were observed between once versus twice daily treatment in the left side 10 Hz rTMS, and between two and four daily iTBS treatments. Conclusion: Accelerated rTMS is non-inferior to once daily rTMS and requires shorter inpatient admissions or fewer days of outpatient treatment to achieve results. Response and remission rates are greater than reported in shamcontrolled clinical trials (Duprat et al., 2016). A 15-minute interval between iTBS treatments appears sufficient, but further sham-controlled research is necessary to mitigate placebo response varying with dosing.
Low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation protects cognition in mice with chronic unpredictable mild stress through autophagy regulation$$$ Although transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been approved for the treatment of major depression, few studies have analyzed the ability of low-frequency TMS (LF-TMS) to treat depressive symptoms. Our study confirmed that LF-TMS protects the cognitive function,which can play a certain reference role in the future clinical treatment. The effectiveness of high-frequency TMS therapy has been well documented. However, the use of low-frequency TMS (LF-TMS) in the treatment of depression is rarely reported. This study aims to evaluate whether LF-TMS can reverse depression-induced cognitive impairment. We created a mouse model of depression using the chronic unpredictable mild stress (CUMS) paradigm. Male C57BL/6J mice,6–8 weeks old,were randomly divided into four groups: a CON (control) group, a CUMS group, a CUMS+LF-TMS group, and a CUMS+LF-TMS+RAP (rapamycin) group. The CUMS was maintained for 28 days. LF-TMS (1 Hz) and Rap were administered for 28 days from the first day of CUMS. The mice in all groups except the control demonstrated evidence of anhedonia, anxiety, and cognitive decline on behavioral tests during the four weeks of CUMS.All the experiments were carried out under a 12-h light/dark cycle (lights on at 7 a.m.) except for the dark/light cycle reversal stimulation of CUMS. LF-TMS at 20 Mt, 1 Hz for 1 min alleviated damage to spatial cognition and synaptic plasticity in the hippocampus. Western blot analysis showed that LF-TMS reduced the down-regulation of autophagy signals in the CUMS+LF-TMS group, and enhanced the expression of synaptic plasticity-related factors, thereby improving the spatial cognitive impairment resulting from the CUMS. We concluded that LF-TMS can effectively relieve depressive behavior and cognitive dysfunction in mice subjected to CUMS by regulating autophagy signals and synaptic proteins.
Differential effects of transcranial current type on heart rate variability during emotion regulation in internalizing psychopathologies$$$ Background: Internalizing psychopathologies (IPs) are characterized by disruptions in emotion regulation (ER). A potential target for ER modulation in individuals with IPs is the theta band. We hypothesized that offset theta-tACS (transcranial alternating current stimulation) would result in more enhanced ER, indexed by greater increase in heart rate variability (HRV), than transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in participants with IPs. Methods: This pilot study utilized a double-blind, pseudo-counterbalanced design. Participants with internalizing psychopathologies (anxiety and depression) were randomly assigned to receive either offset theta-tACS (n = 14) or tDCS (n = 15) and underwent four sessions of stimulation (two sham). In both arms, there were alternating iterations of an emotion regulation task (ERT) during or immediately after stimulation and rest. Heart rate data were collected during each ERT and rest iteration, and analyses were completed using high-frequency (HF) and root mean square of successive differences (RMSSD) HRV metrics. Results: tACS participants consistently displayed increases in both HRV metrics from Time 1 to Time 4. Participants receiving tDCS displayed few significant changes in HF-HRV and no significant changes in RMSSD-HRV. Limitations: Due to the small sample size, analyses were limited. Additionally, the lack of a baseline ERT makes it difficult to determine overall ER improvement. Conclusions: tACS appears to increase ER capacity as reflected in increased HRV in individuals with internalizing psychopathologies, particularly after two sessions of stimulation. This study adds validity to the use of tACS as a neuromodulatory technique in cognitive and clinical research. Additional research is required to better understand potential carry-over effects of multiple sessions of stimulation.
Effects of left anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis activity in depression: a randomized controlled pilot trial$$$ The main objective of this study was to evaluate the effect of left anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis (HPAA) activity in individuals with depression. We conducted a 3-week, randomized, triple-blind pilot trial with 47 participants (dropout rate: 14.89%) randomly assigned to either the tDCS or control group (sham stimulation). Salivary cortisol was used as an HPAA activity marker since cortisol is the effector hormone of the HPAA. The primary outcome was the effect of tDCS on the diurnal cortisol pattern (DCP and area under the curve with respect to ground -AUCg-). Secondary outcomes included tDCS effects on cortisol awakening response (CAR) and cortisol decline (CD), as well as the variation of cortisol concentrations between the initiation of tDCS and 2 weeks later. Intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses were conducted. Our primary outcome showed an absent effect of tDCS on DCP and AUCg. Additionally, tDCS had an absent effect on CAR, CD, and cortisol concentration variation before-after stimulation. Our pilot study suggests that anodal tDCS showed an absent effect on HPAA activity in individuals with depression. More studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Goal-Directed Learning Deficits in Patients with OCD: A Bayesian Analysis$$$ Introduction: Dual system learning theories posit an overreliance characterizes obsessive–compulsive disorder on habitual decision-making at the expense of goal-directed learning. However, most studies on this topic used frequentist statistics and did not evaluate the discriminant validity of goal-directed learning indices. Methods: We recruited 55 OCD patients, used Bayesian statistics to examine goal-directed learning in OCD, and tested whether goal-directed learning indices showed discriminant validity. Patients completed self-reports, a two-stage reinforcement learning task, executive functioning (EF), and related tests (Rey Complex Figure, Wisconsin Card Sorting, Stroop tests). Results: Analyses showed that goal-directed learning deficits were related to compulsions and self-reported OCD severity, but not obsessions, OCD-related beliefs, trait anxiety, anxiety sensitivity, or depression. Moreover, increased compulsivity and self-reported OCD (vs. all other dimensions examined) were linked to faster responses. Evidence for discriminant validity was found. Goal-directed learning coefficients were unrelated to set-shifting, inhibitory control, and visuospatial memory. Compulsivity was unrelated to memory and set-shifting but associated with poorer inhibition. Conclusions: Findings highlight the importance of conceptualizing psychopathology dimensionally, such as the relevance of imbalanced habitual vs. goal-directed behavior in OCD. Results also underscore the importance of examining unique associations of goal-directed behaviors in OCD with clinical/syndromal measures (compulsions vs. obsessions).
Bilateral theta-burst stimulation on emotional processing in major depressive disorder: A functional neuroimaging study from a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Aim: Bilateral theta-burst stimulation (biTBS; intermittent TBS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex [DLPFC] and continuous TBS over the right DLPFC) has demonstrated efficacy in improving symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). However, the underlying brain mechanisms remain unknown. The authors aimed to investigate the antidepressant efficacy of biTBS monotherapy and its effects on the brain responses measured by functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) during emotional processing in MDD. Methods: The authors conducted a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial of patients with MDD who exhibited no responses to at least one adequate antidepressant treatment for the prevailing episode. Recruited patients were randomly assigned to 10 biTBS monotherapy or sham stimulation sessions. The fMRI scans during performing emotional recognition task were obtained at baseline and after 10 sessions of treatment. Depressive symptoms were assessed using the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression at baseline and the weeks 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, and 24 week. Results: The biTBS group (n = 17) exhibited significant decreases in depression scores compared with the sham group (n = 11) at week 8 (70% vs 40%; P = 0.02), and the significant differences persisted during the 24-week follow-up periods. At week 4, when the treatment course was completed, patients in the biTBS group, but not in the sham group, exhibited increased brain activities over the left superior and middle frontal gyrus during negative emotional stimuli. Conclusion: The authors’ findings provide the first evidence regarding the underlying neural mechanisms of biTBS therapy to improve clinical symptoms in patients with MDD.
The Effect of Theta Burst Stimulation Over the Primary Motor Cortex on Experimental Hamstring Pain: A Randomized, Controlled Study$$$ Theta burst stimulation (TBS) over the primary motor cortex (M1) is an emerging technique that may have utility in the treatment of musculoskeletal pain. However, previous work exploring the analgesic effects of noninvasive brain stimulation has been limited largely to the arm or hand, despite 80% of acute musculoskeletal injuries occurring in the lower limb. This is a pertinent point, given the functional and neurophysiological differences between upper and lower limb musculature, as well as evidence suggesting that reorganization of corticomotor pathways is region-specific. This study investigated the effect of excitatory TBS on pain, function, and corticomotor organization during experimentally induced lower limb pain. Twenty-eight healthy participants attended 2 experimental sessions. On Day 0, participants completed 10 sets of 10 maximal eccentric contractions of the right hamstring muscles to induce delayed onset muscle soreness. Four consecutive blocks of either active or sham TBS were delivered on Day 2. Measures of mechanical sensitivity, pain (muscle soreness, pain intensity, pain area) function (single-leg hop distance, maximum voluntary isometric contraction, lower extremity functional scale), and corticomotor organization were recorded before and after TBS on Day 2. Pain and function were also assessed daily from Days 2 to 10. Active TBS reduced mechanical sensitivity compared to sham stimulation (P = .01). Corticomotor organization did not differ between groups, suggesting that improvements in mechanical sensitivity were not mediated by changes in M1. Subjective reports of pain intensity and function did not change following active TBS, contrasting previous reports in studies of the upper limb. Perspective: M1 TBS reduces mechanical sensitivity associated with experimentally induced hamstring pain. Though further work is needed, these findings may hold important implications for those seeking to expedite recovery or reduce muscle sensitivity following hamstring injury.
Views about neuromodulation interventions for depression by stakeholder group, treatment modality, and depression severity$$$ Background: The past few decades have seen the emergence both of new neuromodulation treatment protocols and novel applications of standard neuromodulation interventions in psychiatry. Yet little is known about different stakeholders' views about these interventions. Methods: We administered an online survey with an embedded video vignette experiment to four national samples: the general public (N = 1022), caregivers for people with depression (N = 1026), patients living with depression (N = 1050), and board-certified psychiatrists (N = 505). We randomly assigned subjects to one of eight conditions in our full factorial design: four neuromodulation interventions [electroconvulsive therapy, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, deep brain stimulation, or adaptive brain implants] by two depression severity levels [moderate or severe]. In this paper we present results from ANOVA and linear regression models explaining how views about these four neuromodulation interventions—as measured in five attitudinal scales (general affect, perceived influence on self, perceived benefit, perceived risk, and perceived invasiveness)—vary by (1) intervention, (2) depression severity, and/or (3) stakeholder group. Results: Our results provide evidence that psychiatrists views differ significantly in important ways from other stakeholder groups. Type of intervention also shaped participants' attitudes, including perceptions of invasiveness, effectiveness, and safety. Conclusions: Given the differing affective valence among stakeholders and the differences found by modality and stakeholder groups across the different scales, future targeted educational initiatives could be developed to help address key misunderstandings and misinformed perceptions.
Effectiveness of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) Add-On Therapy to a Standard Treatment in Individuals with Multiple Sclerosis and Concomitant Symptoms of Depression—Results from a Randomized Clinical Trial and Pilot Study$$$ Background: Compared to the general population, persons with multiple sclerosis (MS) are at increased risk of suffering from major depressive disorder (MDD). Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) was used successfully to treat individuals with MDD. Here, we conducted a randomized clinical trial and pilot study, and tested the effectiveness of rTMS adjuvant to a standard pharmacological treatment among persons with MS, compared to a sham condition. Materials and Methods: A total of 40 persons with MS (mean age: 32 years; 42.5% females; median EDSS score: 4) and with moderate to severe symptoms of depression were randomly assigned to the rTMS or to the rTMS sham condition, always as adjuvant intervention to the standard treatment with sertraline, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI). rTMS consisted of 10 sessions each of 37.5 min; the sham condition was identical to the active condition except for the absence of rTMS stimuli. At the beginning and two weeks after the end of the study, participants reported on their fatigue, while experts rated the severity of participants’ depressive symptoms (Montgomery–Asberg Depression Rating Scale; MADRS), cognitive performance (Montreal Cognitive Assessment; MoCA), and degree of disability (Expanded Disability Status Scale; EDSS). Results: Data were analyzed per intent-to-treat. Scores for depression, fatigue, and EDSS declined significantly over time (large effect sizes), but more so in the rTMS condition than in the sham condition (large effect sizes for the time by group-interactions). Compared to the sham condition, scores for depression were significantly lower in the rTMS condition. Scores for cognition improved over time in both study conditions (large effect size). Conclusion: Compared to a sham condition, adjuvant rTMS to a standard pharmacological treatment ameliorated typical MS-related symptoms (depression; fatigue; EDSS scores). Results from this pilot study suggested that rTMS might be routinely applied in persons with MS displaying symptoms of depression and fatigue.
The evolving role of quantitative actigraphy in clinical sleep medicine$$$ Actigraphy has a consolidated role in Insomnia and Circadian Rhythm Sleep-Wake Disorders (CRSWD) and recent studies have highlighted the use of actigraphy for narcolepsy and REM sleep behaviour disorder (RBD). This review aims at summarising the results of studies published over the last decade regarding the use of actigraphy. Thirty-five studies proved eligible, and results were analysed separately for insomnia, narcolepsy and RBD. Actigraphy showed to consistently differentiate insomnia patients from healthy controls. Furthermore, the application of advanced analytical techniques has been shown to provide both unique insights into the physiology of insomnia and sleep misperception and to improve the specificity of actigraphy in detecting wakefulness within sleep periods. Regarding narcolepsy, several studies showed that actigraphy can detect peculiar sleep/wake disruption and the effects of pharmacological treatments. Finally, although the number of studies in RBD patients is still limited, the available evidence indicates a reduced amplitude of the activity pattern, sleep-wake rhythm dysregulation and daytime sleepiness. Therefore, the potential use of these markers as predictors of phenoconversion should be further explored. In conclusion, quantitative actigraphy presents a renewed interest when considering the possibility of using actigraphy in clinical sleep medicine to diagnose, monitor, and follow sleep disorders other than CRSWD.
Seizure duration predicts postictal electroencephalographic recovery after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures$$$ Objective: We aim to provide a quantitative description of the relation between seizure duration and the postictal state using features extracted from the postictal electroencephalogram (EEG). Methods: Thirty patients with major depressive disorder treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were studied with continuous EEG before, during, and after ECT-induced seizures. EEG recovery was quantified as the spectral difference between postictal and baseline EEG using the temporal brain symmetry index (BSI). The postictal temporal EEG evolution was modeled with a single exponential. The parameters of the model, including the time constant τ, describe the change and speed of postictal EEG recovery. The change from baseline EEG at t = 60 minutes post-seizure (ΔBSI) was calculated from the exponential fit. Postictal clinical reorientation time (ROT) was clinically established. A multivariate generalized multi-level Bayesian model was estimated with seizure duration and ROT as predictors of τ and ΔBSI. Results: EEG features of 290 seizures and postictal states were used for analyses. The model faithfully described the dynamics of the postictal EEG in nearly all patients. Seizure duration was associated with the recovery time constant, τ, and ΔBSI. ROT was associated with τ, but not with ΔBSI. Conclusions: Longer seizures are associated with slower postictal EEG recovery and more enduring EEG changes compared to baseline. Significance: Quantitative EEG allows objective assessment of the postictal state.
The potential of electroencephalography coherence to predict the outcome of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in insomnia disorder$$$ Background: It is unknown whether repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) could improve sleep quality by modulating electroencephalography (EEG) connectivity of insomnia disorder (ID) patients. Great heterogeneity had been found in the clinical outcomes of rTMS for ID. The study aimed to investigate the potential mechanisms of rTMS therapy for ID and develop models to predict clinical outcomes. Methods: In Study 1, 50 ID patients were randomly divided into active and sham groups, and subjected to 20 sessions of treatment with 1 Hz rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. EEG during awake, Polysomnography, and clinical assessment were collected and analyzed before and after rTMS. In Study 2, 120 ID patients were subjected to active rTMS stimulation and were then separated into optimal and sub-optimal groups due to the median of Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index reduction rate. Machine learning models were developed based on baseline EEG coherence to predict rTMS treatment effects. Results: In Study 1, decreased EEG coherence in theta and alpha bands were observed after rTMS treatment, and changes in theta band (F7-O1) coherence were correlated with changes in sleep efficiency. In Study 2, baseline EEG coherence in theta, alpha, and beta bands showed the potential to predict the treatment effects of rTMS for ID. Conclusion: rTMS improved sleep quality of ID patients by modulating the abnormal EEG coherence. Baseline EEG coherence between certain channels in theta, alpha, and beta bands could act as potential biomarkers to predict the therapeutic effects.
Treating fibromyalgia with electrical neuromodulation: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Several types of electrical neuromodulation (such as transcranial direct current stimulation, tDCS; transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation) have been applied in the treatment of fibromyalgia. These trials had different outcome measurements, such as subjective pain, pain threshold, depression, anxiety, and functioning. We intended to integrate data from different trials into a meta-analysis to clearly present the clinical value of electrical neuromodulation in fibromyalgia. Methods: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing the effect of all types of electrical neuromodulation in patients with fibromyalgia was conducted. The main outcome was subjective pain; the secondary outcomes included depression, anxiety, and functioning. Results: Twenty-five studies and 1061 fibromyalgia patients were included in the quantitative analysis. Active electrical neuromodulation and active tDCS both showed significant effects on subjective pain, depression, and functioning. For different anode tDCS electrode positions, only F3-F4 revealed a significant effect on depression. Meta-regression tDCS effects on depression were significantly associated with age. Conclusions: Electrical neuromodulation is significantly effective in treating pain, depression, and functioning in patients with fibromyalgia. Significance: The results may help clinicians to arrange effective treatment plans for patients with fibromyalgia, especially in those patients who reveal limited response to pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy.
Impact of response shift effects in the assessment of self-reported depression during treatment: Insights from a rTMS versus Venlafaxine randomized controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Patient-Reported Outcomes are essential to properly assess treatment effectiveness in randomized clinical trial (RCT) for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). MDD self-assessment may vary over time depending on change in the meaning of patients’ self-evaluation of depression, i.e. Response Shift (RS). Our aim was to investigate RS and its impact on different depression domains in a clinical trial comparing rTMS versus Venlafaxine. Methods: The occurrence and type of RS was determined using Structural Equation Modeling applied to change over time in 3 domains (Sad Mood, Performance Impairment, Negative Self-Reference) of the short-form Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-13) in a secondary analysis of a RCT on 170 patients with MDD treated by rTMS, venlafaxine or both. Results: RS was evidenced in the venlafaxine group in the Negative Self-Reference and Sad Mood domains. Conclusion: RS effects differed between treatment arms in self-reported depression domains in patients with MDD. Ignoring RS would have led to a slight underestimation of depression improvement, depending on treatment group. Further investigations of RS and advancing new methods are needed to better inform decision making based on Patient-Reported Outcomes.
Investigating the Role of Maintenance TMS Protocols for Major Depression: Systematic Review and Future Perspectives for Personalized Interventions$$$ Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been approved by the FDA as an effective intervention for Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD). However, there is little evidence about maintenance protocol necessity. The aim of this systematic review is to identify, characterize, and evaluate the current maintenance TMS protocols for MDD and TRD patients who have received acute treatment. A literature search was conducted following the PRISMA guidelines of 2015 on PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases for publications up to March 2022. Fourteen articles were included. High protocol heterogeneity was observed. Most studies highlighted significant efficacy of maintenance protocols in decreasing relapse risk, suggesting that administering two or fewer stimulations per month is ineffective in sustaining an antidepressant effect or in reducing the risk of relapse in responder patients. The risk of relapse was most pronounced after five months from the acute treatment. Maintenance TMS appears to be a resourceful strategy to maintain acute antidepressant treatment effects, significantly reducing relapse risk. The ease of administering and the ability to monitor treatment adherence should be considered when evaluating the future use of maintenance TMS protocols. Further studies are needed to clarify the clinical relevance of overlapping acute TMS effects with maintenance protocols and to evaluate their long-term effectiveness.
The Therapeutic Potential of Non-Invasive and Invasive Cerebellar Stimulation Techniques in Hereditary Ataxias$$$ The degenerative ataxias comprise a heterogeneous group of inherited and acquired disorders that are characterized by a progressive cerebellar syndrome, frequently in combination with one or more extracerebellar signs. Specific disease-modifying interventions are currently not available for many of these rare conditions, which underscores the necessity of finding effective symptomatic therapies. During the past five to ten years, an increasing number of randomized controlled trials have been conducted examining the potential of different non-invasive brain stimulation techniques to induce symptomatic improvement. In addition, a few smaller studies have explored deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the dentate nucleus as an invasive means to directly modulate cerebellar output, thereby aiming to alleviate ataxia severity. In this paper, we comprehensively review the clinical and neurophysiological effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and dentate nucleus DBS in patients with hereditary ataxias, as well as the presumed underlying mechanisms at the cellular and network level and perspectives for future research.
Self-Regulatory Neuronal Mechanisms and Long-Term Challenges in Schizophrenia Treatment$$$ Schizophrenia is a chronic and relapsing disorder that is characterized not only by delusions and hallucinations but also mainly by the progressive development of cognitive and social deficits. These deficits are related to impaired synaptic plasticity and impaired neurotransmission in the nervous system. Currently, technological innovations and medical advances make it possible to use various self-regulatory methods to improve impaired synaptic plasticity. To evaluate the therapeutic effect of various rehabilitation methods, we reviewed methods that modify synaptic plasticity and improve the cognitive and executive processes of patients with a diagnosis of schizophrenia. PubMed, Scopus, and Google Scholar bibliographic databases were searched with the keywords mentioned below. A total of 555 records were identified. Modern methods of schizophrenia therapy with neuroplastic potential, including neurofeedback, transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation, virtual reality therapy, and cognitive remediation therapy, were reviewed and analyzed. Since randomized controlled studies of long-term schizophrenia treatment do not exceed 2–3 years, and the pharmacological treatment itself has an incompletely estimated benefit-risk ratio, treatment methods based on other paradigms, including neuronal self-regulatory and neural plasticity mechanisms, should be considered. Methods available for monitoring neuroplastic effects in vivo (e.g., fMRI, neuropeptides in serum), as well as unfavorable parameters (e.g., features of the metabolic syndrome), enable individualized monitoring of the effectiveness of long-term treatment of schizophrenia.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on symptom domains in neuropsychiatric disorders: a systematic review and cross-diagnostic meta-analysis$$$ Background: The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is a prime target for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) to treat neuropsychiatric disorders; thus, abundant efficacy data from controlled trials are available. A cross-diagnostic meta-analysis was conducted to identify the symptom domains susceptible to repetitive TMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Methods: This systematic review and meta-analysis investigated the effects of repetitive TMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on neuropsychiatric symptoms presenting across diagnoses. We searched PubMed, MEDLINE, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov, and WHO International Clinical Trials Registry Platform for randomised and sham controlled trials published from inception to Aug 17, 2022. Included studies assessed symptoms using clinical measures and reported sufficient data to calculate effect sizes pooled with a random effects model. Two independent reviewers conducted screening and used the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool for quality assessment. Summary data were extracted from published reports. The main outcome was the therapeutic effects of repetitive TMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on distinct symptom domains. This study is registered with PROSPERO (CRD42021278458). Findings: Of 9056 studies identified (6704 from databases and 2352 from registers), 174 were included in the analysis including 7905 patients. 163 of 174 studies reported gender data; 3908 (52·35%) of 7465 patients were male individuals, and 3557 (47·65%) were female individuals. Mean age was 44·63 years (range 19·79–72·80). Ethnicity data were mostly not available. Effect size was large for craving (Hedges' g –0·803 [95% CI –1·099 to –0·507], p<0·0001; I2=82·40%), medium for depressive symptoms (–0·725 [–0·889 to –0·561], p<0·0001; I2=85·66%), small for anxiety, obsessions or compulsions, pain, global cognition, declarative memory, working memory, cognitive control, and motor coordination (Hedges' g –0·198 to –0·491), and non-significant for attention, suicidal ideation, language, walking ability, fatigue, and sleep. Interpretation: The cross-diagnostic meta-analysis shows the efficacy of repetitive TMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on distinct symptom domains, providing a novel framework for assessing target or efficacy interactions of repetitive TMS, and informing personalised applications for conditions for which regular trials are uninformative. Funding: The University Grants Committee of Hong Kong and the Mental Health Research Center, The Hong Kong Polytechnic University.
Investigating the Efficacy of Dual Stimulation of tDCS and rTMS Neuro-modulation Therapy of Major Depression$$$ Aims & Objectives: Although antidepressant drugs clinically improve the depression in 30-50% patients, recurrence or relapses are common in third of patients. There is expanding interest in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as add-on antidepressant therapies. Although these two modes of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) have been successfully considered in antidepressant managements, we are still lacking the clear understanding of combining these two modes of NIBS. Hence we planned this study to investigate the efficacy of dual stimulation of tDCS and high frequency rTMS in patients with Major depression and investigate the factors affecting medical refractoriness in depression by using a comprehensive battery of clinical and investigative modalities including clinical scales of Depression (primary objective) and Cortical excitability measures using single paired pulse and plasticity measures and cardiac autonomic function tests (secondary objectives). Materials and Methods: We planned to recruit 90 patients diagnosed with major depression who are not responding well in spite of at least one course of antidepressant therapy Their baseline measures of clinical scales, autonomic function tests and cortical excitability measures were determined. Patients were divided into three groups randomly into dual stimulation of cathodal/anodal/sham tDCS-rTMS therapy. Results: It is ongoing study with 5 patients 30 healthy controls recruited so far, we’ll present this ongoing data collection. Conclusions: More patient recruitment may confirm which mode of combination of NIBS provides the optimal benefits and the mechanisms of such alterations based on the excitability and plasticity studies performed during this study.
INS 2022 Interim Meeting$$$ The proceedings contains 71 papers. The topics discussed include: Intraoperative Local Field Potential as a Biomarker for the Identification of Effective Subthalamic Nucleus Sub-Region for Motor Improvement in Parkinson Disease;Investigating the Efficacy of Dual Stimulation of tDCS and rTMS Neuro-modulation Therapy of Major Depression;Retrograde Implantation of Paddle Lead Spinal Cord Stimulator Implantation at C1-C2: Technique and Outcome Analysis;Bilateral Splanchnic Nerves Radiofrequency Ablation for Abdominal Pain Due to Chronic Pancreatitis – Prospective Observational Case Study;Stellate Ganglion Block for Non-Chronic Pain Conditions;Noninvasive Pain Treatment by Shockwave Neuromodulation;6-month Prospective Study Outcomes of a DTM™ SCS Therapy Derivative;One-Year Outcomes of an SCS System Capable of Multiple Neurostimulation Modalities: A Randomized Controlled Trial;A Novel Sub-Perception Spinal Cord Stimulation Therapy Enabling Clinically Significant Pain Relief and Fast Onset;SACRAL Nerve Stimulation for Bladder Dysfunction and Pain-Our Experience;A Service Evaluation of the Intrathecal Baclofen Service;Pulsed Radiofrequency Neuromodulation of Greater Occipital Nerve for Refractory Occipital Neuralgia: A Case Series;Role of Spirituality and Cognitive Behavioural Therapy in Treatment of Intractable Neck Pain Hospital;Dorsal Root Ganglion Stimulator for Chronic Pain: Early Experience;Multimodal Treatment for Postherpetic Neuralgia With Novel Perspective of Neuralgia as Neuromyalgia;Multimodal Treatment With Pulsed Radio-Frequency (PRF), Botulinum Toxin (BTX-A), Ultrasound Guided Dry Needling (USGDN) for Multifaceted Cervicogenic Headache - A Neuro-Myopathic Disorder;Treatment of Trigeminal Neuralgia (TGN) Using Pulsed Radiofrequency (PRF) Treatment of Terminal Branches of Trigeminal Nerve Followed by Ultrasound Guided Dry Needling (USGDN);Management of Chronic Pain of Temporomandibular Joint (TMJ) With Neural (Steroid Injections) and Muscular Interventions [Ultrasonography Guided Dry Needling (USGDN)] - A Case Report;Conventional Lumbar Sympathectomy in the Treatment of Recalcitrant Erythromelalgia
Sequential bilateral accelerated theta burst stimulation in adolescents with suicidal ideation associated with major depressive disorder: Protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Suicide is a leading cause of death in adolescents worldwide. Previous research findings suggest that suicidal adolescents with depression have pathophysiological dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) deficits in γ-aminobutyric acid neurotransmission. Interventions with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) directly address these underlying pathophysiological deficits in the prefrontal cortex. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is newer dosing approach for TMS. Accelerated TBS (aTBS) involves administering multiple sessions of TMS daily as this dosing may be more efficient, tolerable, and rapid acting than standard TMS. Materials and methods This is a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial of sequential bilateral aTBS in adolescents with major depressive disorder (MDD) and suicidal ideation. Three sessions are administered daily for 10 days. During each session, continuous TBS is administered first to the right DPFC, in which 1,800 pulses are delivered continuously over 120 seconds. Then intermittent TBS is applied to the left DPFC, in which 1,800 pulses are delivered in 2-second bursts and repeated every 10 seconds for 570 seconds. The TBS parameters were adopted from prior research, with 3-pulse, 50-Hz bursts given every 200 ms (at 5 Hz) with an intensity of 80% active motor threshold. The comparison group will receive 3 daily sessions of bilateral sham TBS treatment for 10 days. All participants will receive the standard of care for patients with depression and suicidal ideation including daily psychotherapeutic skill sessions. Long-interval intracortical inhibition (LICI) biomarkers will be measured before and after treatment. Exploratory measures will be collected with TMS and electroencephalography for biomarker development. Discussion This is the first known randomized controlled trial to examine the efficacy of sequential bilateral aTBS for treating suicidal ideation in adolescents with MDD. Results from this study will also provide opportunities to further understand the neurophysiological and molecular mechanisms of suicidal ideation in adolescents.
The priming effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). However, due to response delay and cognitive impairment, ECT remains an imperfect treatment. Compared to ECT, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is less effective at treating severe depression, but has the advantage of being quick, easy to use, and producing almost no side effects. In this study, our objective was to assess the priming effect of rTMS sessions before ECT on clinical response in patients with TRD. METHODS: In this multicenter, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial, 56 patients with TRD were assigned to active or sham rTMS before ECT treatment. Five sessions of active/sham neuronavigated rTMS were administered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (20 Hz, 90% resting motor threshold, 20 2 s trains with 60-s intervals, 800 pulses/session) before ECT (which was active for all patients) started. Any relative improvements were then compared between both groups after five ECT sessions, in order to assess the early response to treatment. RESULTS: After ECT, the active rTMS group exhibited a significantly greater relative improvement than the sham group [43.4% (28.6%) v. 25.4% (17.2%)]. The responder rate in the active group was at least three times higher. Cognitive complaints, which were assessed using the Cognitive Failures Questionnaire, were higher in the sham rTMS group compared to the active rTMS group, but this difference was not corroborated by cognitive tests. CONCLUSIONS: rTMS could be used to enhance the efficacy of ECT in patients with TRD. ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT02830399.
Antidepressant and anti-suicidal effects of ketamine in treatment-resistant depression associated with psychiatric and personality comorbidities: A double-blind randomized trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effects of ketamine treatment on depression and suicidal ideation in treatment resistant depression (TRD) and to determine whether they are influenced by other psychiatric and personality comorbidities. Methods: A randomized double-blind parallel-arm controlled study on 36 patients with TRD. Patients were divided into two treatment groups: ketamine (K group) and placebo (P group). Patients in the K and P groups received one infusion of medicine per week for two weeks. All participants were assessed using the Structured Interview for the Five-Factor Personality Model (SIFFM), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), Suicide Probability Scale (SPS), and Symptom Checklist 90 (SCL 90). Results: After treatment, there was a significant decrease in the total HDRS and SPS scores in the K group compared to the P group, but the magnitude of response was not influenced by the presence of other psychiatric symptoms. Regression model, only receive ketamine treatment was significant factor for improve suicide and depression scores. Limitations: lack of data on other outcomes that are important to patients (e.g., quality of life, cognition) and need for a larger sample size. Conclusions: Ketamine infusions in TRD reduce suicidal ideation and depression despite the presence other psychiatric and personality disorders.
Effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation on suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms in adolescent depression with suicide attempt: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Suicidal ideation is a serious symptom of major depressive disorder (MDD). Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a safe, effective brain stimulation treatment for alleviating suicidal ideation in adults with MDD. This study aimed to examine the clinical efficacy of iTBS on reducing suicidal ideation in adolescent MDD with suicide attempt. Methods: In a randomized, sham-controlled protocol, a total of 10 sessions of iTBS was administrated to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in patients once a day for two weeks. The suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms were assessed using Beck Scale for Suicide Ideation-Chinese Version (BSI-CV), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-24), and Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS) at baseline and after 10 treatment sessions. Results: Forty-five patients were randomized assigned to either active iTBS (n = 23) or sham group (n = 22). The suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms of the active iTBS group were significantly ameliorated over 2 weeks of treatment. Further, higher baseline SDS, HAMD-24 and BSI-CV scores in the active iTBS group were associated with greater reductions. Limitations: A larger sample size and double-blinded clinical trial should be conducted to verify the reliability and reproducibility. Conclusions: The current study suggested that daily iTBS of the left DLPFC for 2 weeks could effectively and safely alleviate suicidal ideation and mitigate depression in adolescent MDD, especially for individuals with relatively more severe symptoms. Although caution is warranted, the findings could provide further evidence for the effectiveness and safety of iTBS in clinical practice.
Individualized precision targeting of dorsal attention and default mode networks with rTMS in traumatic brain injury-associated depression$$$ At the group level, antidepressant efficacy of rTMS targets is inversely related to their normative connectivity with subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC). Individualized connectivity may yield better targets, particularly in patients with neuropsychiatric disorders who may have aberrant connectivity. However, sgACC connectivity shows poor test-retest reliability at the individual level. Individualized resting-state network mapping (RSNM) can reliably map inter-individual variability in brain network organization. Thus, we sought to identify individualized RSNM-based rTMS targets that reliably target the sgACC connectivity profile. We used RSNM to identify network-based rTMS targets in 10 healthy controls and 13 individuals with traumatic brain injury-associated depression (TBI-D). These "RSNM targets" were compared with consensus structural targets and targets based on individualized anti-correlation with a group-mean-derived sgACC region ("sgACC-derived targets"). The TBI-D cohort was also randomized to receive active (n = 9) or sham (n = 4) rTMS to RSNM targets with 20 daily sessions of sequential high-frequency left-sided stimulation and low-frequency right-sided stimulation. We found that the group-mean sgACC connectivity profile was reliably estimated by individualized correlation with default mode network (DMN) and anti-correlation with dorsal attention network (DAN). Individualized RSNM targets were thus identified based on DAN anti-correlation and DMN correlation. These RSNM targets showed greater test-retest reliability than sgACC-derived targets. Counterintuitively, anti-correlation with the group-mean sgACC connectivity profile was also stronger and more reliable for RSNM-derived targets than for sgACC-derived targets. Improvement in depression after RSNM-targeted rTMS was predicted by target anti-correlation with the portions of sgACC. Active treatment also led to increased connectivity within and between the stimulation sites, the sgACC, and the DMN. Overall, these results suggest that RSNM may enable reliable individualized rTMS targeting, although further research is needed to determine whether this personalized approach can improve clinical outcomes.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for bipolar depression: systematic reviews of clinical evidence and biological underpinnings$$$ Despite multiple available treatments for bipolar depression (BD), many patients face sub-optimal responses. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been advocated in the management of different conditions, including BD, especially in treatment-resistant cases. The optimal dose and timing of tDCS, the mutual influence with other concurrently administered interventions, long-term efficacy, overall safety, and biological underpinnings nonetheless deserve additional assessment. The present study appraised the existing clinical evidence about tDCS for bipolar depression, delving into the putative biological underpinnings with a special emphasis on cellular and molecular levels, with the ultimate goal of providing a translational perspective on the matter. Two separate systematic reviews across the PubMed database since inception up to August 8th 2022 were performed, with fourteen clinical and nineteen neurobiological eligible studies. The included clinical studies encompass 207 bipolar depression patients overall and consistently document the efficacy of tDCS, with a reduction in depression scores after treatment ranging from 18% to 92%. The RCT with the largest sample clearly showed a significant superiority of active stimulation over sham. Mild-to-moderate and transient adverse effects are attributed to tDCS across these studies. The review of neurobiological literature indicates that several molecular mechanisms may account for the antidepressant effect of tDCS in BD patients, including the action on calcium homeostasis in glial cells, the enhancement of LTP, the regulation of neurotrophic factors and inflammatory mediators, and the modulation of the expression of plasticity-related genes. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study on the matter to concurrently provide a synthesis of the clinical evidence and an in-depth appraisal of the putative biological underpinnings, providing consistent support for the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of tDCS.
Treatment-resistant depression - is magnetic seizure therapy the novel treatment?$$$ Depression has a large socioeconomic burden, affecting an estimated 280 million people worldwide. Up to 55% remain symptomatic following pharmacological and psychological treatment and may be classified as having treatment-resistant depression. This commentary assesses two treatment options for this group - electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and a novel approach, magnetic seizure therapy (MST) - with reference to a Cochrane Review comparing the two. The Cochrane analysis showed no clear benefit for MST, but the evidence is currently insufficient to draw firm conclusions.
Efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating major depressive disorder: An umbrella review and re-analysis of published meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials$$$ Objectives: We re-analysed data from published meta-analyses testing the effects of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) on Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in adults. We applied up-to-date meta-analytic techniques for handling heterogeneity including the random-effects Hartung-Knapp-Sidik-Jonkman method and estimated 95% prediction intervals. Heterogeneity practices in published meta-analyses were assessed as a secondary aim. Study design and setting: We performed systematic searches of systematic reviews with meta-analyses that included randomised controlled trials assessing the efficacy, tolerability, and side effects of TMS on MDD. We performed risk of bias assessment using A MeaSurement Tool to Assess Reviews (AMSTAR) 2 and re-analysed meta-analyses involving 10 or more primary studies. Results: We included 29 systematic reviews and re-analysed 15 meta-analyses. Authors of all meta-analyses interpreted findings to suggest TMS is safe and effective for MDD. Our re-analysis showed that in 14 out of 15 meta-analyses, the 95% prediction intervals included the null and captured values in the opposite effect direction. We also detected presence of small-study effects in some meta-analyses and 24 out of 25 systematic reviews received an AMSTAR 2 rating classed as critically low. Conclusion: Authors of all included meta-analyses interpreted findings to suggest TMS is safe and effective for MDD despite lack of comprehensive investigation of heterogeneity. Our re-analysis revealed the direction and magnitude of treatment effects vary widely across different settings. We also found high risk of bias in the majority of included systematic reviews and presence of small-study effects in some meta-analyses. Because of these reasons, we argue TMS for MDD may not be as effective and potentially less tolerated in some populations than current evidence suggests.
Neurobiology of depression in Parkinson's disease: Insights into epidemiology, molecular mechanisms and treatment strategies$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is characterized mainly by motor dysfunctions due to the progressive loss of dopaminergic neurons. However, PD patients experience a multitude of debilitating non-motor symptoms, including depression, which may have deleteriously detrimental effects on life. Depression is multifactorial and exhibits a bimodal progression in PD, but its underlying molecular mechanisms are poorly understood. Studies demonstrating the pathophysiology of depression in PD and the specific treatment strategies for depression-like symptoms in PD patients are largely lacking, often underrated, under-recognized and, consequently, inadequately/under-treated. Nevertheless, reports suggest that the incidence of depression is approximately 20–30% of PD patients and may precede the onset of motor symptoms. Diagnosing depression in PD becomes difficult due to the clinical overlap in symptomatology between the two diseases, and the nigrostriatal dysfunction alone is insufficient to explain depressive symptoms in PD. Therefore, the current study provides an overview of the molecular mechanisms underlying the development of depression in PD and new insights into developing current antidepressant strategies to treat depression in PD. This review will identify and understand the molecular pathological mechanisms of depression in PD that will fundamentally help tailoring therapeutic interventions for depressive symptoms in PD.
Real world research on transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment strategies for neuropsychiatric symptoms with long-COVID in Japan$$$ The number of patients suffering from long-COVID is currently increasing rapidly, even after the acute symptoms of COVID-19 have improved. The objective of this study was to investigate the effects of a pilot transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatment on neuropsychiatric symptoms caused by long-COVID. In this study, we examined the efficacy of the TMS treatment protocol, which has been established to be effective in refractory depression, by applying it to patients who sought TMS treatment for neuropsychiatric symptoms caused by long-COVID at TMS clinics in Tokyo, Japan in the context of the real world TMS registry study in Japan. Of the 23 patients (13 females) with long-COVID included in this case series, the main neuropsychiatric symptoms were chronic fatigue (n = 12) and cognitive dysfunction (n = 11), but most patients also showed mild depressive symptoms. The mean score on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale before TMS treatment was 21.2, which improved to 9.8 after treatment. Similarly, the score on the Performance Status, which assesses the degree of fatigue, improved from 5.4 to 4.2, and the score on the Perceived Deficits Questionnaire–Depression 5-item, which reflects cognitive function, improved from 10.0 to 6.3. Although a few patients complained of pain at the stimulation site during the TMS as a side effect, there were no serious adverse events. Despite the limitations of this open-label pilot study, the TMS protocol implemented in this study may have beneficial effects on neuropsychiatric symptoms caused by long-COVID, including depressive symptoms, chronic fatigue, and cognitive impairment. These preliminary findings warrant further validation in randomized controlled trials.
Application of Immersive Virtual Reality for Assessment and Intervention in Psychosis: A Systematic Review$$$ Virtual reality (VR) has emerged as a safe and non-invasive technology for the assessment of psychotic symptoms, social and cognitive impairments, and psychosocial intervention in improving outcomes in psychosis. This study systematically reviewed the current state of evidence in applying semi- and fully immersive VR for assessing and treating patients with psychosis. A systematic review was conducted adhering to the PRISMA statement and was conducted in Embase, PsycINFO, and PubMed databases for articles published between January 2013 and April 2022, which identified 28 eligible studies, including 12 for assessment and 16 for intervention. In the assessment studies, not all VR tasks could distinguish the differences between patients and healthy controls regarding their physiological responses, paranoid ideation, and certain aspects of cognitive functioning such as memory bias on the object tasks. Comparatively, VR-based interventions are more promising, especially for improving cognitive impairments, social skills, agoraphobic avoidance, negative and positive affective states, auditory verbal hallucination, paranoid ideation and persecutory delusions, and other psychiatric symptoms in patients. We conclude that more rigorous studies are needed to confirm treatment effectiveness and to understand the underlying mechanism of VR-based intervention for psychotic disorders. Future studies should also improve the reliability and validity of VR-based assessments for psychotic disorders.
Comparison of Efficacy and Safety of Magnetic Seizure Therapy and Electroconvulsive Therapy for Depression: A Systematic Review$$$ Objectives: As a new physical therapeutic technique, magnetic seizure therapy (MST) has established efficacy in the treatment of depression with few cognitive side effects, and thus appears to be a potential alternative to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The findings of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) examining the efficacy and safety of MST versus ECT for depression are inconsistent. This systematic review of RCTs was designed with the aim of assessing the safety and efficacy of MST versus ECT for patients with depression. Methods: The WanFang, Chinese Journal Net (CNKI), EMBASE, PubMed, Cochrane Library, and PsycINFO databases were systematically searched by three independent investigators, from their inceptions to July 24, 2021. Results: In total, four RCTs (n = 86) were included and analyzed. Meta-analyses of study-defined response (risk ratio (RR) = 1.36; 95% CI = 0.78 to 2.36; p = 0.28; I2 = 0%), study-defined remission (RR = 1.17; 95% CI = 0.61 to 2.23; p = 0.64; I2 = 0%), and the improvement in depressive symptoms (standardized mean difference (SMD) = 0.21; 95% CI = −0.29 to 0.71; p = 0.42; I2 = 0%) did not present significant differences between MST and ECT. Three RCTs evaluated the cognitive effects of MST compared with ECT using different cognitive measuring tools, but with mixed findings. Only two RCTs reported adverse drug reactions (ADRs), but these lacked specific data. Only one RCT reported discontinuation due to any reason. Conclusions: This preliminary study suggests that MST appears to have a similar antidepressant effect as ECT for depression, but mixed findings on adverse cognitive effects were reported.
Transcranial direct-current stimulation over the motor cortex in patients suffering from anxiety and depression related to rheumatoid arthritis: Study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Rheumatoid arthritis is up to three times more prevalent in women. It is often associated with anxiety and depression, comorbidities causing psychic suffering and potentiating pain perception. It is also related to a higher risk of suicide among diagnosed patients. The high rates of discontinuation of conventional pharmacological treatments are the predominant factor in the search for new therapeutic approaches for the treatment of anxiety and depression. Transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising, safe and low-cost technique that is very associative with other therapies. When applied to the primary motor cortex (M1) it can induce long-term changes in the synaptic level leading to the improvement of neuroplasticity. The primary aim of this study is to evaluate the effect of tDCS on the symptoms of anxiety and depression. The secondary aim is to evaluate the interference of tDCS on the inflammatory profile, cardiac autonomic behavior and quality of life of patients with rheumatoid arthritis. This is a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial. The intervention consists of 10 consecutive sessions (once a day) applying tDCS with a 2mA current for 20 minutes. The electrode assembly on the scalp is in accordance with the International Electroencephalogram System 10–20 (EEG) and the anodal electrode is placed over the area of the primary motor cortex (M1 - C3 or C4) and the cathodal electrode on the supraorbital contralateral area (SO - Fp1 or Fp2). The analysis of continuous variables will be described by mean and standard deviation for parametric data and median and interquartile interval for nonparametric data. The evaluation of the effect of tDCS on the inflammatory profile, heart rate variability and quality of life will be obtained by the ANOVA two-way test. tDCS is expected to have a greater effect on reducing anxiety and depression symptoms compared to the placebo, being able to decrease inflammation and improve the quality of life of volunteers.
Is attentional bias variability causally implicated in emotional vulnerability? A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: The aim of the present review was to determine whether attentional bias variability (ABV) is causally implicated in emotional vulnerability. We consider evidence examining whether ABV precedes and predicts later psychopathology, and whether modifying ABV leads to changes in psychological symptoms following an intervention. Methods: A systematic literature search located 15 studies that met the inclusion criteria (3 longitudinal, 12 intervention). Eligible intervention studies were also meta-analysed. Results: Preliminary evidence suggests that ABV predicts later post-traumatic stress symptomatology in interaction with number of traumatic events. The few interventions designed to reduce ABV suggest promise for improving PTSD symptoms. However, these interventions did not consistently change ABV, and where it was tested, change in ABV did not correspond to change in symptoms. Conclusions: There is emerging evidence that ABV could represent a vulnerability factor for psychological symptoms, particularly for those exposed to trauma. This may indicate attentional control difficulties, although this remains to be tested. Conclusions regarding the causal status of ABV will depend on future high-quality randomised controlled trials.
Safety and Efficacy of Continuous Theta Burst "Intensive" Stimulation in Acute-Phase Bipolar Depression: A Pilot, Exploratory Study$$$ Objectives Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in unipolar depression is known, but its efficacy in acute-phase bipolar depression is at best modest. Citing differential right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex hyperconnectivity implicated in BD, we aimed to study the effect of novel continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) targeting right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a randomized rater blinded placebo control design. Material and Methods Nineteen patients aged 18 to 59 years (baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale [HAM-D] 17 severity score >18) were randomly allocated to active cTBS (n = 11) and sham cTBS (n = 9) groups using block randomization method. They received 15 cTBS sessions (burst of 3 pulses delivered at 50 Hz, repeated every 200 ms at 5 Hz, 600 pulses per session), 3 sessions per day (total of 1800 pulses) for 5 days in a week at 80% resting motor threshold. The HAM-D, Beck Depression Inventory, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, World Health Organization's abbreviated quality of life assessment, and Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire were assessed at baseline, after the last session, and at 2 weeks after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Intention-to-treat analysis was conducted and missing values (2 patients) were replaced using the last observation carried forward method. Results On repeated measures analysis of variance, a significant within-group time effect (from pretreatment to 2 weeks after TBS) for HAM-D (F = 15.091, P < 0.001), Beck Depression Inventory (F = 22.376, P < 0.001), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (F = 18.290, P < 0.001), Changes in Sexual Functioning Questionnaire (F = 9.281, P = 0.001), and World Health Organization's abbreviated quality of life assessment (F = 24.008, P < 0.001). The integrity of the blind assessed by the guess matrix was good. When significant between group∗time effect was compared, none of the variables retained statistical significance. No major adverse effects were reported, and none of the patients discontinued the trial because of adverse effects. Conclusions Our trial concludes that although safe and well tolerated, the therapeutic efficacy of intensive intermittent TBS in acute-phase bipolar depression is inconclusive. Choice of lower total number to sessions and smaller intersession interval along with small sample size limit the study findings.
Turkish Validity and Reliability Study of the ECT Perception and Knowledge Scale$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) is an effective and safe treatment method used in the treatment of various psychiatric diseases. However, negative attitudes associated with ECT are common. This causes many negative consequences, from the treatment preference to treatment response and stigma. In this study, we aimed to carry out a validity-reliability analysis of the ECT Perception and Knowledge Scale (ECT-PK), which was developed to determine the perception and knowledge levels related to ECT, and adapt it to Turkish. Method: The Turkish adaptation of the ECT-PK was made using the translation-retranslation method. Our study included 50 patients with schizophrenia, 50 patients with bipolar disorder, 50 patients with major depression who met the remission criteria determined separately for each disorder, and 150 healthy controls.. To measure test-retest reliability, the scale was re-applied to 30 patients randomly selected from the patient group 14–21 days after the first application of the scale. Results: In our study, a significant difference was found in both the patient and control groups in terms of the history of ECT application in the past and the status of accepting ECT application when recommended, and the perception and knowledge subscales of the ECT-PK. These results support the construct and criterion validity of the ECT-PK. Cronbach’s alpha coefficient was found to be 0.85 for the perception subscale and 0.78 for the knowledge subscale. The intra-class correlation coefficient used to evaluate the test-retest reliability was 0.86 for the perception scale and 0.83 for the knowledge subscale. Conclusion: It has been shown that the ECT-PK is a valid and reliable measurement tool that can be used to measure the perception and knowledge levels related to ECT in both clinical and non-clinical groups.
COMPARISON OF ETOMIDATE AND PROPOFOL AS INDUCTION AGENTS IN MODIFIED ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to compare the effects of induction agents Propofol and Etomidate on hemodynamic parameters (Heart rate, Systolic Blood Pressure, Diastolic Blood pressure, and mean arterial pressure) in modified electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: It was a prospective, randomized, and double-blinded study. The present study was conducted in the Department of Anaesthesiology at our tertiary care multispeciality referral hospital, Shri Guru Ram Rai Institute of Medical and Health Sciences, Patel Nagar, Dehradun. A total of 80 adult patients in the age group 20–50 years belonging to American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status I and II were included in the study. They were randomly allocated to Group I (Propofol) and Group II (Etomidate), with 40 patients in each group. The duration of the study was September 2018–February 2020. Results: Both Etomidate and Propofol have been proposed as good induction agents to be used for ECT, but each has its own merits and demerits. Propofol leads to a significantly shorter seizure duration as compared to Etomidate. Propofol has the advantage of having rapid and smooth recovery as compared to Etomidate. Recovery criteria in terms of return to spontaneous respiration, consciousness, and fully responding were statistically significant between the two drug groups (p<0.001). Conclusion: Propofol has the advantage of having rapid and smooth recovery as compared to Etomidate. Minimum side effects were seen in both groups. Subseizure was seen with the Propofol group more than Etomidate. Hence, we conclude that Etomidate is a better induction agent as compared to Propofol in modified ECT.
Macroscopic resting state model predicts theta burst stimulation response: A randomized trial$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising alternative therapy for treatment-resistant depression, although its limited remission rate indicates room for improvement. As depression is a phenomenological construction, the biological heterogeneity within this syndrome needs to be considered to improve the existing therapies. Whole-brain modeling provides an integrative multi-modal framework for capturing disease heterogeneity in a holistic manner. Computational modelling combined with probabilistic nonparametric fitting was applied to the resting-state fMRI data from 42 patients (21 women), to parametrize baseline brain dynamics in depression. All patients were randomly assigned to two treatment groups, namely active (i.e., rTMS, n = 22) or sham (n = 20). The active treatment group received rTMS treatment with an accelerated intermittent theta burst protocol over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex. The sham treatment group underwent the identical procedure but with the magnetically shielded side of the coil. We stratified the depression sample into distinct covert subtypes based on their baseline attractor dynamics captured by different model parameters. Notably, the two detected depression subtypes exhibited different phenotypic behaviors at baseline. Our stratification could predict the diverse response to the active treatment that could not be explained by the sham treatment. Critically, we further found that one group exhibited more distinct improvement in certain affective and negative symptoms. The subgroup of patients with higher responsiveness to treatment exhibited blunted frequency dynamics for intrinsic activity at baseline, as indexed by lower global metastability and synchrony. Our findings suggested that whole-brain modeling of intrinsic dynamics may constitute a determinant for stratifying patients into treatment groups and bringing us closer towards precision medicine.
A Prospective, Multi-center Randomized, Controlled, Blinded Trial of Vagus Verve Stimulation for Difficult to Treat Depression: the RECOVER Trial$$$ Abstract Introduction: Therapeutic Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) has been FDA-approved for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). In 2007, the US Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services (CMS) issued a non-coverage decision, making access difficult for patients. In 2019, CMS requested a “coverage with evidence development trial” to determine potential VNS efficacy in the US Medicare TRD population. This trial, RECOVER, is co-sponsored by CMS and the device maker (LivaNova) to assess VNS efficacy over 12 months is large, multi-centered (N=71, US sites), randomized, and placebo-controlled. Methods: Inclusion criteria include: ≥18 years old, diagnosis of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) or Major Depressive Episode (MDE) in bipolar disorder, chronic (2 years) or recurrent (≥ 4 MDEs), failure of four medical record-verified AD treatments in the current MDE, a score of ≥ 22 on the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Exclusion criteria include: substance use and psychotic disorders, acute suicidal ideation/intention, severe personality disorder. All subjects undergo VNS implantation then randomized to active treatment (device on) or sham (implanted, not activated) for 12 months. Depression ratings are performed by blinded, offsite raters. The trial’s primary measure is number of months in response (active –vs- placebo). Results: 480 patients enrolled; subject mean age is 54.0, 34.6 mean MADRS, mean age of onset is 20.9, and 20.4 years of lifetime MDE. Average failed lifetime ADs is 14.1, with many receiving aggressive treatments: ECT (41.9%), TMS (46.7%), and ketamine (21.3%). Many report psychiatric hospitalizations (64.0%); attempted suicide (43.8%). To date, 222 patients (including 40 early terminated) have completed the trial’s first year. Conclusions: RECOVER is the largest prospective, randomized, device-based, placebo-controlled MDD trial ever undertaken; enrolling severe TRD patients not studied in most MDD clinical trials. It will provide a thorough understanding of the nature of VNS response (e.g., onset of response and potential baseline outcome predictors). Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 12. Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) Keywords: Treatment-Resistant Depression, Vagus Nerve Stimulation, Difficult to Treat Depression, Major Depressive Disorder
Pharmacological and Somatic Treatment Effects on Suicide in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Suicide is a public health crisis. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of psychopharmacologic and somatic therapies on suicide risk. Methods: A systematic search of MEDLINE for studies evaluating the effects of pharmacologic (excluding antidepressants) or somatic interventions on suicide risk was conducted. Studies were included if they used a comparison group, reported on suicide death, assessed a psychopharmacological or somatic intervention, and included adults. Study quality was assessed using the Newcastle–Ottawa scale. Fifty-seven studies were included from 2940 reviewed citations. Results: In bipolar disorder, lithium was associated with a reduction in the odds of suicide compared to active controls (odds ratio [OR] 5 .58, p 5 .005; k 5 12) and compared to placebo/no lithium (OR 5 .46, p 5 .009; k 5 9). In mixed diagnostic samples, lithium was associated with a reduction in the odds of suicide compared to placebo/no lithium (OR 5 .27, p, .001; k 5 12), but not compared to active controls (OR 5 .89, p 5 .468; k 5 7). In psychotic disorders, clozapine was associated with a reduction in the odds of suicide (OR 5 .46, p 5 .007; k 5 7). Associations between suicide death and electroconvulsive therapy (OR 5 .77, p 5 .053; k 5 11), non-clozapine antipsychotics in bipolar disorder (OR 5 .73, p 5 .090; k 5 6) and antipsychotics in psychotic disorders (OR 5 .39, p 5 .069; k 5 6) were not significant. There was no consistent relationship between antiepileptic mood stabilizers and suicide. There were insufficient studies to meta-analyze associations of suicide risk with vagus nerve stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy, or transcranial direct current stimulation. Conclusion: Lithium and clozapine have consistent data supporting protective effects against suicide in certain clinical contexts.
Augmenting the unified protocol with transcranial direct current stimulation: Effects on emotion regulation and executive dysfunction$$$ The aim of the current study was to compare the unified protocol for transdiagnostic treatment of emotional disorders (UP) with and without transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for the treatment of emotion regulation and executive control dysfunction in individuals diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and comorbid major depressive disorder (MDD). A total of 43 individuals with GAD and co-morbid MDD were randomly assigned to three groups including UP with tDCS (UP+tDCS; n = 15), UP alone (UP; n = 13) or wait-list control (n = 15). Difficulties in emotion regulation, reappraisal, suppression, inhibition and working memory were assessed at baseline, post-treatment and 3-month follow-up. Treatment with both UP+tDCS and UP alone resulted in significant improvements in difficulties in emotion regulation, cognitive reappraisal, and working memory, and significant reductions in suppression and inhibition relative to wait-list controls at post-treatment and 3-month follow-up. Relative to UP alone, UP+tDCS showed significantly greater improvements in difficulties in emotion regulation, cognitive reappraisal, inhibition, and working memory at post-treatment and 3-month follow-up. These results suggest combination of UP treatment with tDCS may be an efficacious intervention to improve emotion regulation and executive function in GAD with co-morbid MDD. Trial registration reference is IRCT20140929019334N1 (see https://irct.ir/trial/27988).
A comparison between two rTMS protocols as augmentation strategies in patients with treatment resistant depression$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an evidence-based treatment and rTMS protocols have been included in international guidelines for patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). The daily administration of standard rTMS protocols, typically over several weeks, could be a limiting factor (e.g., time off from work, commuting issues). To intensify the antidepressant response and to reduce the number of stimulation days, it has been proposed that increasing the number of rTMS sessions performed per day could be more effective and help to reduce the burden for patients and clinicians. Although there is much interest in accelerated TMS protocols, little is known about their efficacy and tolerability, and the literature on the topic is still scarce. Objectives: To compare the efficacy and tolerability of two rTMS protocols (standard vs. accelerated) as augmentative strategies in patients with TRD. Methods: In the present ongoing, open-label, trial 14 patients meeting DSM-5 criteria for major depressive episode (either unipolar or bipolar), classified as partial responders or non-responders to adequate pharmacological treatment, were randomized to receive either standard (one session per day, five days a week, for four weeks; n= 7) or accelerated (two sessions per day, five days a week, for two weeks; n=6) rTMS treatment protocols. In both cases, rTMS was performed on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, high frequency (10 Hz) at 120% of the motor threshold, 3000 pulses per sessions. Primary outcome measures included HAM-D, MADRS, and CGI-S scores at baseline (T0), at the end of rTMS treatment (T1), and after 1 month (T2), as well as tolerability based on adverse effects. Paired Samples t-Test for continuous variables was used to compare psychometric scales at each time point, while t-Test was used to compare differences between the two groups. Results: With respect to total sample, in terms of primary outcome measures a significant reduction of HAM-D, MADRS and CGI-S total scores between T0 and T1 (t: 3.01, p<0.05; t: 1.692, p<0.5; t:3.207, p<0.05 respectively), T1 and T2 (t: 3.264, p<0.05: t:2.669, p<0.05; t:.085, p=0.437 respectively) and T0 and T2 (t:5.669, p<0.05; t=4.711, p<0.05; t:2.551, p<0.05 respectively) was found. No significant differences in terms of efficacy were found between the two groups. One patient dropped-out for reasons not related to rTMS treatment. Mild and transient headache during the stimulation was the only side effect reported (4 patients). Conclusions: Consistently with previous literature studies, our preliminary results supported the evidence of comparable efficacy and tolerability between accelerated and standard rTMS protocols. In the future, larger, blinded, and controlled trials might support these conclusions and further address treatment parameters of novel accelerated rTMS protocols.
Adjunctive Therapy of Text4Support for Treatment- Resistant Depression Patients Receiving Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation. A Multicenter Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial$$$ Introduction: Despite several treatment strategies for treatmentresistant depression (TRD) exist, including the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), new therapeutic options are being introduced. Text4Support is a form of cognitive behavior therapy that allows patients with depression to receive daily supportive text messages that seek to correct or alter negative thought patterns through positive reinforcement. Text4Support is deemed a useful augmentation treatment strategy for patients with TRD. It is however currently unknown if adding the Text4Support intervention will enhance patients with TRD's response to rTMS treatments Objectives: This study aims to assess the initial comparative clinical effectiveness of rTMS when used with and without the Text4Support program as an innovative patient-centered intervention for the management of participants diagnosed with TRD. Methods: This study is a multicentered prospective, paralleldesign, two-arm, rater-blinded randomized controlled pilot trial. In total, 200 participants diagnosed with TRD will be randomized to one of two treatment arms (rTMS alone and rTMS with Text4- Support). Participants in each arm will be made to complete evaluation measures at baseline, 1,3, and 6 months. The primary outcome measure will be the mean change to scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Patient service utilization data and clinician-rated measures will also be used to gauge patient progress. Patient data will be analyzed with descriptive statistics, repeated measures, and correlational analyses. Results: The result of the study is expected to be available 18 months after the start of recruitment. We hypothesize that participants enrolled in the rTMS plus Text4Support intervention will achieve superior outcomes compared with participants enrolled in the rTMS treatment alone. Conclusions: The concomitant application of the combination of these two treatment techniques has not been investigated previously. Therefore, we hope that this project will provide a concrete base of data to evaluate the practical application and efficacy of using a novel combination of these two treatment modalities.
Assessing the Efficacy of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Management of Treatment Resistant Depression: A Scoping Review$$$ Introduction: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is the failure to accomplish and/or achieve remission after an adequate trial of different classes of antidepressant treatments. TRD presents with significant disability and high prevalence. It results in a substantive socio-economic burden at the community and global levels. TRD. Studies comparing pharmacotherapy and electroconvulsive therapy with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have demonstrated evidence in support of the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS in TRD. Objectives: This comprehensive scoping review aimed to explore and garner information in the literature regarding the crucial role of rTMS and its therapeutic efficacy as a treatment modality for TRD. Methods: Electronic data searches in PubMed, PsycINFO, Medline, Embase, and Cinahl were conducted to identify important articles on rTMS for TRD. The data search strategy was limited to articles written in English and published within the last five years, to the date of the data search (February 2022). Articles were reviewed if they reported on a completed randomized controlled trial of rTMS treatment in TRD. Articles were excluded if they were protocols of rTMS onTRD and studies with rTMS for the treatment of conditions other than TRD. The review process was reported using the PRISMA Extension for Scoping Reviews (PRISMA-ScR). Results: In total, 17 studies met the eligibility criteria for this review. The geographical breakdown of the extracted studies consisted of North America (n = 9), Europe (n = 5), Asia (n = 2), and Australia (n = 1). The frequencies of rTMS applied in the various studies ranged from 5 Hz to 50 Hz, with stimulation intensities ranging from 80% MT to 120% MT. Overall, 16 out of the 17 studies demonstrated evidence that suggested rTMS treatment was effective, safe, and tolerated in the management of patients with TRD. Conclusions: Overall, rTMS appeard to provide significant therapeutic benefits for patients with TRD through the reduction of depressive symptoms. However, while there is progressive evidence in support of rTMS in TRD, more research is needed to define the standardized protocols of rTMS application in terms of localization, frequency, intensity, and pulse parameters to realize its full potency in TRD.
Good Practice for Treatment-Resistant Depression during SARS CoV - 2 outbreak: are ketamine infusions an effective alternative for TRD patients? A case series$$$ Introduction: The Mood Disorder ward, in San Raffaele Turro Hospital, is one of the reference centers for the cure of Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD), mainly due to the use of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT). During the pandemic period, in particular, in 2020, such a procedure was discontinued because it is considered aerosolizing. For this reason, we enhanced already available treatments for TRD; among those one of the most effective is the use of endovenous (EV) ketamine. It's been more than 20 years since the first time a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled study demonstrated the rapid antidepressant effects of endovenous (EV) ketamine after a single dose (0.5 mg/kg infused in 40 minutes) in 7 patients. Ketamine, an anesthetic drug, has also analgesic, antiinflammatory, and antidepressant properties. These effects are mainly due to non-competitive antagonism on the NMDA receptor (N-methyl-D-aspartate). We introduce our clinical experience in 7 cases of treatment-resistant depressed (TRD) inpatients; all of them show a high level of pharmacoresistance, assessed in the third degree of Thase Stages (2 or more SSRI/SNRI + at least 1 TCA); 3 of them were previously treated with a complete cycle of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT). Objectives: Assess the efficacy and tolerability of EV ketamine with particular regard to patients previously treated with ECT. Methods: 7 TRD patients (4 females; 3 males) were recruited in San Raffaele Turro Hospital in April 2020. All patients (6 unipolar and 1 bipolar) were diagnosed with a Major Depressive Episode according to DSM-5 criteria. We administered, under anesthesiological supervision, EV ketamine, 0.5 mg/kg in 40 minutes, twice a week, for three weeks. Every morning medication was postponed on the days of infusion. Clinical scales (HAM-D, SSI, HAMD-A; MADRS, CADSS) were administered to assess symptoms and side effects before, during, and after every administration. Moreover, clinical efficacy's been assessed in 2 follow-ups: at 3 and 6 months. Results: 4 patients were in remission (final HAM-D score <8) at the end of the treatment. 4 patients confirmed clinical response (final HAM-D score < 50 % respect baseline value) at the first follow-up. 4 Out of 7 patients were in complete remission at 6 months, and just one of them was between those remitted at the end of the treatment. 4 Out of 4 patients were in complete remission at six months followup; 3 of them underwent a cycle of ECT during the course of their illness. Conclusions: The use of EV ketamine in our TRD patients showed good effectiveness and tolerability. Data on long-term effectiveness are promising, a previous ECT seems to be a predicting factor of remission at follow-up, but not of the end-treatment response. Given that, future research is needed in order to identify predicting factors on relapse prevention efficacy.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation with and without Internet-Delivered Cognitive Behavior Therapy for the Treatment of Resistant Depression: Patient-centered Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial$$$ Introduction: Background: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is considered one of the major clinical challenges in the field of psychiatry. At least 15% of all patients with MDD remain refractory to any treatment intervention. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is considered a treatment option for patients with TRD. Additionally, iCBT is an evidence-based psychotherapy for the management of TRD. Objectives: This study aims to evaluate the clinical effectiveness of adding iCBT to rTMS treatment as an innovative combined intervention, exploring the short and long-term outcomes on patients with TRD Methods: This study is a randomized controlled trial. Participants diagnosed with TRD were randomized to one of two interventions: rTMS alone and rTMS+iCBT. Each group completed evaluation measures at baseline, discharge (6 weeks), and one & three months after discharge. The primary outcome measure was the mean change in the Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD-17) from baseline to three months. Results: Preliminary results for the early outcome of the study showed that after adjusting for the baseline scores, there was no significant difference in the mean score of HAMD-17 from baseline to six weeks between the participants of the two groups, (F (1, 53) = 0.15, p = 0.70, partial eta square = 0.003). The result of the longterm effectiveness is underway, forecasting the potential synergism of the two interventions. Conclusions: This study found the combined treatment of rTMS+ iCBT not to be superior to treatment with rTMS alone, in the short term. We hope the long-term results would thoroughly address the effectiveness of the combined therapy in this randomized controlled trial.
EMOTIONAL PROCESSING IN ANOREXIA NERVOSA - WHAT IS THE ROLE OF NEUROMODULATION?$$$ Introduction: Anorexia Nervosa (AN) is an Eating Disorder (ED), being globally characterized by a low body mass index (BMI), intense fear of gaining weight, and distorted body image that motivates extreme food restrictions. The consequence is massive weight loss. AN is the third leading cause of chronic illness among adolescents and the leading cause of death among psychiatric conditions. Among patients with AN it is common the occurrence of psychiatric comorbidities, particularly depressive and anxiety syndromes. Negative emotions are very common and represent either primary aspects of the disease or arise secondarily to psychopathological or organic processes. The therapeutic options for AN are scarce and only work for a small percentage of subjects. It is known that difficulty in emotional regulation is one of the defining characteristics of ED, being a core feature of AN psychopathology. Objectives: To highlight the importance of understanding the neurobiology of AN, how it is related to emotional processing and future directions for AN's management. Methods: Non-systematic review of the literature using Pubmed database. Papers were selected according to their relevance. Results: In recent literature, in purging AN-type (neurobiology similar to Bulimia Nervosa - BN), binge eating is a method of emotional regulation, while in restricting AN-type, food restriction is the way to deal with emotions, mainly negative emotions. It is known that in AN, patients tend to eat less than usual in response to a negative emotion and more than usual in response to a positive emotion. In BN, the neurobiology works in a mirrored way, patients eat less than usual in response to a positive emotion and more than usual in response to a negative emotion. In short, in the face of negative emotions, subjects with AN respond with dietary restriction and, subjects with BN respond with binge eating. On the other hand, more positive emotions seem to resolve the maladaptive eating behaviours inherent to both ED, with AN and BN subjects tending towards more balanced eating behaviours. One of the brain areas most implicated in the neurobiology of AN is the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC), since this region is recognized as being involved in decision-making process and emotional regulation, and is therefore the target of novel and experimental treatment strategies, namely those related with neuromodulation, particularly Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS). Conclusions: Emotional regulation, particularly the processing of negative emotions, appears to be a key element in the neurobiology of AN. With new neuromodulation techniques, specially TMS, it seems possible to modulate the neuronal circuits inherent to emotional processing, such as the L-DLPFC. Future randomized clinical trials are needed in order to understand how neuromodulation can contribute to exploring the neurobiology of AN and to become more targeted and effective therapeutic options.
RTMS AND H7-COIL IN THE TREATMENT OF TINNITUS$$$ MODIFIED PROTOCOL PRELIMINARY RESULTS; Introduction: A relatively large number of studies of the efficacy of rTMS on tinnitus have been conducted. LF stimulation of the auditory cortex in combination with HF stimulation of the DLPFC, has shown efficacy in reduction of symptoms (especially loudness and anxiety). Objectives: To launch a protocol to examine the efficacy of Cool- B65 coil LF rTMS combined with H7-deep coil HF rTMS, in the treatment of idiopathic, chronic, normo-acoustic tinnitus disorder, informed by the assessment of efficacy of rTMS on idiopathic, chronic tinnitus disorder. Preliminary results will be presented. Methods:We first conducted a meta-analysis of randomized shamcontrolled, double-blind trials to access the efficacy of rTMS on idiopathic, chronic tinnitus disorder. We are now planning an industry-independent, single-center, prospective, randomized sham-controlled, two-arms, double-blind superiority clinical trial with concealed allocation and masked independent outcome assessment. Population of this study will include Outpatients diagnosed for ≥ 12 months and ≤ 5 years with persistent, subjective, normoacoustic tinnitus disorder of at least moderate severity defined by the THI score ≥ 38, both unilateral and bilateral, both genders, and with no hearing loss, age 18-65 years, with the tinnitus treatment unchanged for at least one months. Exclusion criteria will be: organically caused tinnitus and organic brain lesion, objective tinnitus, severe hearing loss or Menier's disease, middle ear disease, diagnosed mental disorder, suicidality, alcohol or drugs addictions, clinically relevant neurological disorder and standard rTMS exclusion criteria. Population will include 52 in HR rTMS H7-coil arm, and 52 in sham control arm. Adjusted median of differences in instruments measuring tinnitus, annoyance, distress, anxiety, and depression will be used as an outcome. Results: The Cool-B65 coil LF rTMS (1Hz) placed over the auditory cortex combined with H7-deep coil HF rTMS (10Hz) placed over mPFC, applied for 15 days, is expected to have superior efficacy on tinnitus symptoms measured by the overall THI score, then the SHAM passive coil. Conclusions: We are conducting a theoretically founded study, with an empirically founded patient-oriented approach. We are expecting that H7-coil in stimulating auditory cortex and mPFC may be a possible alternative target for HF rTMS of the DLPFC.
When the SAINT goes marching in - A novel transcranial magnetic stimulation protocol shows miraculous promise$$$ Introduction: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive neuromodulation tool with a growing body of clinical evidence demonstrating positive outcomes in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) as sole or adjuvant therapy. Theta-burst stimulation (TBS), specifically intermittent TBS (iTBS), uses short intermittent pulse trains to cut each session's duration to 10% of the original repetitive TMS protocol sessions, making it a more appealing option given that it shows similar efficacy. Nevertheless, the number of sessions required remains the same, with a single protocol lasting around 4 to 6 weeks, or longer. However, a new protocol has very recently been approved by the FDA for application in TRD, called the SAINT (Stanford Intelligent Accelerated Neuromodulation Therapy), which reduces treatment duration to 5 days. Objectives: To ascertain what evidence supports the SAINT protocol and its efficacy by reviewing available published literature. Methods: A PubMed database search was performed and the main findings of selected studies were summarized. Results: Three articles were found, which consisted of clinical trials with small study samples of TRD patients. One study found a 90% remission rate after the aforementioned 5-day treatment regimen, with another reporting a 79% response rate after a double-blinded trial. All studies reported no difference in tolerability compared with regular iTBS protocols. Conclusions: The SAINT protocol shows promising preliminary results, with efficacy, tolerability and safety of use comparable with that of TMS protocols already in use. The reduction in treatment duration that this intensive option is based on is a significant improvement for applicability in clinical practice, which might increase patient compliance and offer quicker results. Further studies are required to evaluate whether the remission rates are maintained in the long term.
Efficacy and clinical and neuroimaging biomarkers of response of two intensive and spaced treatment protocols of theta burst magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression$$$ Introduction: Resistant to treatment depression (RTD) is a prevalent disease that implies functional impairment and high resources consumption. Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TBS) in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a novel therapy that has shown experimental efficacy and as an adjuvant strategy in RTD. The implementation of TBS in the Public National Health Service requires cost-effective protocols that achieve earlier responses and higher rates of effectiveness, and whose design is based on biomarkers of response so as to adequately select candidate patients. Objectives: To assess the efficacy and safety of novel bilateral and unilateral intensive/spaced protocols of TBS in outpatients with unipolar/bipolar RTD compared with sham stimulation. Specific objectives: I) Comparison of mood change at the end of TBS protocol in the groups and maintenance of its effect at 3 months; II) Characterization of cerebral connectivity and metabolism patterns related to the effects of TBS; III) Analysis of the interaction between clinical and neuroimaging predictors so as to determine a RTD profile of patient that can benefit from TBS. Methods: A two-year randomized double-blind clinical trial with 96 outpatients with TRD will be carried out. Participants will be randomized in three groups (active bilateral, active left and sham right and sham bilateral) to receive 22 active/sham sessions of continuous TBS (right DLPFC) and intermittent TBS (left DLPFC) during 6 weeks (w 1-2: 5 sessions/w, w 3-6: 3 sessions/w). Assessments of mood and side-effects will be carried out weekly. Functional neuroimaging will be a a simultaneous PET/MR acquisition previous and at the end of TBS treatment. Between-group comparisons of efficacy in terms of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) from basal to 6th week will be performed using controlled mixed regression models. Between-group comparisons will be made at baseline and after treatment, studying the imaging biomarkers obtained. Clinical and neuroimaging predictors of response will be integrated in machine learning models. Results: The expected results of the project are summarized in the following hypotheses: 1) The intensive and spaced protocols of TBS as an adjuvant antidepressant treatment will have greater efficacy than sham stimulation in patients with TRD. 2) Both protocols will be safe, with mild side effects. 3) Unilateral and bilateral TBS protocols will involve changes in connectivity and cerebral metabolic consumption mainly in regions of the fronto-cingulotemporal circuitry. 4) PET/MR imaging biomarkers will allow us to differentiate whether patients have responded to treatment with TBS. Conclusions: This project may help to improve resistant to treatment depression management by personalizing TMS treatment with the use of neuroimaging biomarkers.
DTMS Combined with a Pain-directed Psychotherapeutic Intervention in Fibromyalgia - A Randomized Double-blind Sham-controlled Study$$$ Introduction: Fibromyalgia Syndrome (FMS) is a highly prevalent condition, causing chronic pain and severe reduction in quality of life and productivity, as well as social isolation (Birtane et al. Clinical Rheumatology 2007; 26(5), pp. 679-684; Arnold et al. Psychosomatics. England 2010; 51(6), pp. 489-497; Lacasse, Bourgault and Choinière. BMC Musculoskeletal Disorders 2016; 17(1), pp. 1-9). Despite significant morbidity and economic burden caused by FMS, current treatments are scarce (Busch et al. The Journal of rheumatology. Canada 2008; 35(6), pp. 1130-1144; Bernardy et al. Journal of Rheumatology 2010; 37(10), pp. 1991- 2005; Jackson et al. American journal of hematology 2016; 91(5), pp. 476-80). Objectives: To examine whether stimulation of the dorsal Anterior-Cingulate-Cortex and the medial Prefrontal-Cortex (ACC-mPFC) activity by deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (dTMS) enhances a pain-directed psychotherapeutic intervention. Methods: Nineteen FMS patients were randomized to either 20 sessions of dTMS or sham stimulation, each followed by a paindirected psychotherapeutic intervention. Using H7 HAC-coil or sham stimulation, we targeted the ACC-mPFC; specific brain areas that have a central role in pain processing (Fomberstein, Qadri and Ramani. Current Opinion in Anaesthesiology 2013; 26(5), pp. 588- 593; Tendler, A. et al. Expert Review of Medical Devices 2016; 13(10), pp. 987-1000). Clinical response to treatment was evaluated using the McGill Pain Questionnaire (MPQ), Visual Analogue Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (VAS-FIQ), Brief Pain Inventory questionnaire (BPI), and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). Results: DTMS treatment was safe and well tolerated by FMS patients. A significant decrease in the sensory and affective pain dimensions was demonstrated specifically in the dTMS cohort, as measured by the MPQ using paired-sample t-tests with Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons on three-time points (Significant group x time interaction [F(2, 34) = 3.79, p < .05, η2 = 0.183]. No significant changes were found in the cognitive functions, psychophysical measurements of pain, or depressive symptoms in both dTMS and sham groups and between groups. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that a course of dTMS combined with a pain-directed psychotherapeutic intervention can alleviate pain symptoms in FMS patients. Beyond the clinical possibilities, future studies are needed to substantiate the innovative hypothesis that it is not the dTMS alone, but rather dTMS driven plasticity of pain-related networks, that enables the efficacy of pain-directed psychotherapeutic interventions.
Efficacy of two intensive and spaced protocols of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatmentresistant depression: a double-blind randomized trial$$$ Introduction: Depression is the disease with the greatest burden of disability. Despite pharmacological options, up to 30% of depressions are considered resistant to treatment (RTD). Theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) on the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex allows the application of shorter protocols and with longer-lasting effects than conventional TMS. Its implementation in the Public Health System requires the design of efficient, costeffective and accessible protocols for patients. Objectives: The objective of this project is to assess the efficacy and safety of two intensive and spaced protocols (unilateral and bilateral) of 1800 pulses TBS compared to sham stimulation in outpatients with unipolar and bipolar TRD in a public hospital. Methods: This project is the 1st double-blind placebo-controlled RCT with TBS in Spain. It is now in the recruitment phase. Patients receive a total of 22 sessions of 1800 pulses in 6 weeks: 5 days/week the 1st and 2nd weeks (10 sessions) and 3 sessions/week the following weeks (12 sessions). Patients are randomized into three groups: i) bilateral, ii) left unilateral, and iii) sham. The main variable is the change in the HDRS-17 score at the end of treatment compared to baseline. The results were analyzed with a general linear model of HDRS, using time as the intrasubject factor and randomization group as the intersubject factor, using resistance to treatment (Maudsley Score) and diagnosis (bipolar, unipolar) as covariates. Results: Preliminary results from 13 participants (nbil=4, nuni=4, nsham=5) reveal a significant effect of (group x time) on HDRS change (p= 0.020) with no influence of Maudsley Score or diagnosis. The bilateral group presented a greater decrease in the HDRS with a mean difference of 4,38 points [CI95% 0,17-8,58), (p=0.043)] with respect to the unilateral group and a difference of 8.23 [CI95% 4,24-12,21)(p =0.001)] compared to the sham group Conclusions: The results demonstrate the preliminary efficacy of intensive TBS protocols relative to sham. (Table Presented).
Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (ATMS) vs standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS) in the treatment of major depressive episodes. preliminary data of a randomized, single-blind, controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Major Depressive Disorder is a frequent and disabling condition. More than 20% of patients do not respond to pharmacotherapy alone, so there is the need to find alternative strategies in order to potentiate the drugs. Therapeutic alternatives include repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), which has shown an antidepressant effect in the last decades. Objectives: Comparison of the efficacy of accelerated repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (aTMS) treatment (4 sessions/ day for 5 days) with the standard rTMS protocol treatment (1 session/ day for 4 weeks), using the FDA-approved parameters. Methods: 33 patients affected by Major Depressive Episodes treated with either Fluvoxamine or Venlafaxine were enrolled. Patients were randomly assigned to the two protocol groups: standard rTMS protocol (15 patients) and aTMS protocol (18 patients). In the standard protocol, patients received 1 rTMS session/day for 4 weeks, while in the aTMS protocol they received 4 rTMS sessions/ day for 5 days. Symptomatological improvement was evaluated through MADRS, BDI-II and SSI rating scales administered on day: 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 14, 21, 28, 56. The study is single-blind, since the clinical rater was unaware of the treatment protocol group. Response and remission rates were calculated, defined respectively as a reduction ≥50% in the MADRS score and a MADRS score <10. Results: The analysis was carried out on 32 patients (18 in the aTMS group and 14 in the rTMS group). ANOVA for repeated measures shows a statistically significant difference in the MADRS scores on day 5 (p=0.001) and on day 56 (p=0.037). Regarding the BDI-II evaluation, the differences were not fully statistically significant on day 5 and not significant on day 56. No statistically significant differences between the two protocols were observed in the SSI assessment. The aTMS and rTMS response rates were respectively 84.6%vs 45.5%on day 28 (p=0.043) and 92.3%vs 45.5% on day 56 (p=0.012). The aTMS and rTMS group remission rates were respectively 76.9% vs 18.2% on day 28 (p=0.004) and 69.2% vs 36.4% on day 56 (p=0.107). Concerning side effects, no statistically significant differences were observed between the two groups. Conclusions: Treatment with aTMS seems faster and more effective than treatment with standard rTMS in improving the clinical condition in patients with Major Depressive Episodes, allowing to treat patients in just 5 days instead of 4-6 weeks, without impacting on side effects and tolerability.
The management of depression: The evidence speaks for itself$$$ Comparing the recommendations of two recently published national clinical practice guidelines for depression, this editorial highlights the concordance of advice concerning the selection and sequencing of therapies. Lifestyle and psychological interventions feature prominently and there is broad agreement regarding medication choice and optimisation strategies. The guidelines are therefore a useful resource.
Pursuing personalized medicine for depression by targeting the lateral or medial prefrontal cortex with Deep TMS$$$ BACKGROUND. Major depressive disorder (MDD) can benefit from novel interventions and personalization. Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (Deep TMS) targeting the lateral prefrontal cortex (LPFC) using the H1 coil was FDA cleared for treatment of MDD. However, recent preliminary data indicate that targeting the medial prefrontal cortex (MPFC) using the H7 coil might induce outcomes that are as good or even better. Here, we explored whether Deep TMS targeting the MPFC is noninferior to targeting the LPFC and whether electrophysiological or clinical markers for patient selection can be identified. METHODS. The present prospective, multicenter, randomized study enrolled 169 patients with MDD for whom antidepressants failed in the current episode. Patients were randomized to receive 24 Deep TMS sessions over 6 weeks, using either the H1 coil or the H7 coil. The primary efficacy endpoint was the change from baseline to week 6 in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores. RESULTS. Clinical efficacy and safety profiles were similar and not significantly different between groups, with response rates of 60.9% for the H1 coil and 64.2% for the H7 coil. Moreover, brain activity measured by EEG during the first treatment session correlated with clinical outcomes in a coil-specific manner, and a cluster of baseline clinical symptoms was found to potentially distinguish between patients who can benefit from each Deep TMS target. CONCLUSION. This study provides a treatment option for MDD, using the H7 coil, and initial guidance to differentiate between patients likely to respond to LPFC versus MPFC stimulation targets, which require further validation studies.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in depression induces structural plasticity$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation technique involving administration of well-tolerated electrical current to the brain through scalp electrodes. TDCS may improve symptoms in neuropsychiatric disorders, but mixed results from recent clinical trials underscore the need to demonstrate that tDCS can modulate clinically relevant brain systems over time in patients. Here, we analyzed longitudinal structural MRI data from a randomized, double-blind, parallel-design clinical trial in depression (NCT03556124, N = 59) to investigate whether serial tDCS individually targeted to the left dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) can induce neurostructural changes. Significant (FWEc p < 0.05) treatment-related gray matter changes were observed with active high-definition (HD) tDCS relative to sham tDCS within the left DLPFC stimulation target. No changes were observed with active conventional tDCS. A follow-up analysis within individual treatment groups revealed significant gray matter increases with active HD-tDCS in brain regions functionally connected with the stimulation target, including the bilateral DLPFC, bilateral posterior cingulate cortex, subgenual anterior cingulate cortex, and the right hippocampus, thalamus and left caudate brain regions. Integrity of blinding was verified, no significant differences in stimulation-related discomfort were observed between treatment groups, and tDCS treatments were not augmented by any other adjunct treatments. Overall, these results demonstrate that serial HD-tDCS leads to neurostructural changes at a predetermined brain target in depression and suggest that such plasticity effects may propagate over brain networks.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and agomelatine on sleep quality and biomarkers of adult patients with mild to moderate depressive disorder$$$ Background: Mild to moderate depressive disorder (DD), which accounts for much larger patient population, has been largely neglected in previous studies exploring the sleep quality of DD patients; in addition, most of these patients had comorbid insomnia. Thus, this study aimed to explore the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and agomelatine on sleep quality of adult patients with mild to moderate DD. Methods: 100 participants were randomly divided into high-frequency rTMS group and sham rTMS group (n = 50 each). All patients were administered agomelatine simultaneously. Hamilton Depression Scale-17 Items (HAMD-17), Pittsburgh Sleep Index (PSQI), and polysomnography were used to evaluate the efficacy. Serum norepinephrine (NE), 5-hydroxytryptamine, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), and melatonin were also determined. Results: The HAMD-17 and PSQI scores in high-frequency rTMS group were lower than those in sham rTMS group at the 4th and 8th weekend after treatment (P < 0.05). Post-treatment total sleep time, sleep efficiency, and N3 percentage in high-frequency rTMS group were better than those in sham rTMS group (P < 0.05); while post-treatment sleep latency, awakening time, micro-awakening times, and N1 percentage were significantly less than those in sham rTMS group (P < 0.01). Post-treatment serum levels of NE and BDNF in high-frequency rTMS group were higher than those in sham rTMS group (P < 0.05). Limitations: Small sample size and short follow-up duration. Conclusion: The combination of high-frequency rTMS and agomelatine is effective in the treatment of mild to moderate DD, which can improve the sleep quality and increase the levels of some neurotransmitters and neurotrophic factors.
Efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a widely available treatment for major depression, but its efficacy and tolerability are uncertain for patients with late-life depression (LLD). To assess the existing evidence of rTMS for LLD treatment, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) according to PRISMA guidelines. Methods: We retrieved RCTs from four databases published between 1 January 2000 and 10 September 2021 comparing the effects of active and sham stimulation in LLD patients. We performed subgroup analyses to examine the impact of different parameters. The primary outcomes were the response and discontinuation rates of rTMS for LLD patients, representing for efficacy and tolerability, respectively. Secondary outcomes were remission and dropout rates. Discontinuation referred to patients who withdrew for any reason, while dropout referred to participants who withdrew early because of adverse events. Results: Nine articles describing 11 studies (two articles each contained two studies) met the eligibility criteria. All outcomes were analyzed using a random-effects model. The summary analysis of nine suitable RCTs revealed a cumulative response rate of 2.86 (95 % confidence interval (95 % CI), 1.87–4.37) and a remission rate of 4.02 (95 % CI, 1.83–8.81) in the active group compared to the sham group. The pooled odds ratios (ORs) for discontinuation and dropout rates were not significantly different between the two groups. In addition, some rTMS parameters were associated with better efficacy. Conclusions: The meta-analysis suggested that rTMS is an effective, well-tolerated treatment for patients with LLD. Future efforts should enhance study methodologies to improve their efficacy and increase the homogeneity of rTMS parameters to promote comparability between studies.
Effect of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on improving depression and modulating functional activity in emotion-related cortical-subcortical regions in bipolar depression$$$ Preliminary studies have suggested that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is effective for bipolar depression, However, brain correlates of the depression alleviating are unclear. To determine the efficacy and safety of tDCS as an add-on treatment for patients with bipolar depression and further to identify the effect of tDCS on the resting-state brain activities, we recruited fifty patients with bipolar depression to complete the double-blind, sham-controlled and randomized clinical trial. Fourteen sessions of tDCS were performed once a day for 14 days. The anode was placed over F3 with return electrodes placed at FP1, FZ, C3 and F7. Regional homogeneity (ReHo) was examined on 50 patients with bipolar depression before and after 14-day active or sham tDCS. Patients in the active group showed significantly superior alleviating the depression symptoms compared with those receiving sham. The active group after 14-day active tDCS showed increased ReHo values in the orbitofrontal cortex and middle frontal gyrus and decreased ReHo values in subcortical structures including hippocampus, parahippocampa gyrus, amygdala, putamen and lentiform nucleus. The reduction of depression severity showed positive correlation of increased ReHo values in the orbitofrontal cortex and middle frontal gyrus and negative correlation of altered ReHo values in the putamen and lentiform. TDCS was an effective and safe add-on intervention for this small bipolar depression sample. The reduction of depression induced by tDCS is associated with a modulation of neural synchronization in the cortical and subcortical structures (ReHo values) within an emotion-related brain network.
Effects of neuronavigation-guided rTMS on serum BDNF, TrkB and VGF levels in depressive patients with suicidal ideation$$$ Background: Neuronavigation-guided high-dose repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) could rapidly treat depressive patients with suicidal ideation. But the mechanism of rTMS still needs to be elucidated. This study aims to investigate if rTMS improves suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms by influencing brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), tropomysin receptor kinase B (TrkB) and VGF levels. Methods: In the present 1-week study, 59 treatment-naive depressive patients with suicidal ideation were randomly assigned to the active (n = 31) or sham (n = 28) rTMS group. The severity of suicidal ideation and depression were measured by the Beck Scale for Suicide Ideation, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Montgomery–Asberg Depression Rating Scale. Fasting venous blood samples were collected at baseline and after treatment. Serum protein concentrations of BDNF, TrkB and VGF were measured by enzyme linked immunosorbent assay. Results: We found after treatment the levels of BDNF in the active rTMS group were higher than the sham group (p = 0.011), TrkB levels were decreased in the active group (p < 0.001), VGF levels were increased in the active group (p = 0.005). Post-treatment VGF levels in the active group were higher than the sham group (p = 0.008). However, there were no significant correlation between changes in BDNF, TrkB and VGF levels and the changes in clinical variables. Limitations: Participants taking medication may affect the results. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the BDNF-TrkB pathway and VGF may be implicated in the mechanisms underlying neuronavigation-guided rTMS for treating depressive patients with suicidal ideation.
Transcutaneous auricular vagus stimulation (taVNS) improves human working memory performance under sleep deprivation stress$$$ Many human activities require high cognitive performance over long periods, while impairments induced by sleep deprivation influence various aspects of cognitive abilities, including working memory (WM), attention, and processing speed. Based on previous research, vagal nerve stimulation can modulate cognitive abilities, attention, and arousal. Two experiments were conducted to assess the efficacy of transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) to relieve the deleterious effects of sleep deprivation. In the first experiment, 35 participants completed N-back tasks at 8:00 a.m. for two consecutive days in a within-subject study. Then, the participants received either taVNS or earlobe stimulation (active control) intervention in two sessions at random orders after 24 h of sustained wakefulness. Then, they completed the N-back tasks again. In the second experiment, 30 participants completed the psychomotor vigilance task (PVT), and 32 completed the N-back tasks at 8:00 a.m. on the first and second days. Then, they received either taVNS or earlobe stimulation at random orders and finished the N-back and PVT tasks immediately after one hour. In Experiment 1, taVNS could significantly improve the accuracy rate of participants in spatial 3-back tasks compared to active control, which was consistent with experiment 2. However, taVNS did not specifically enhance PVT performance. Therefore, taVNS could be a powerful intervention for acute sleep deprivation as it can improve performance on high cognitive load tasks and is easy to administer.
Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for children and adolescents with first-episode and drug-naïve major depressive disorder: A systematic review$$$ Objective: This systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) was conducted to explore the therapeutic effects and safety of active low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (LF-rTMS) versus sham LF-rTMS in children and adolescent patients with first-episode and drug-naïve (FEDN) major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: A systematic literature search was performed, and data were extracted by two independent researchers. The coprimary outcomes were study-defined response and remission. Results: A systematic search of the literature yielded 442 references, of which 3 RCTs (130 children and adolescents with FEDN MDD, 50.8% male, and mean age range from 14.5 to 17.5 years) met the inclusion criteria. Among the two RCTs (66.7%, 2/3) examining the effects of LF-rTMS on study-defined response and remission and cognitive function, active LF-rTMS was more efficacious than sham LF-rTMS in terms of study-defined response rate and cognitive function (all p < 0.05) but not regarding study-defined remission rate (all p > 0.05). No significant group differences were found with regard to adverse reactions. None of the included RCTs reported the dropout rate. Conclusion: These findings preliminarily found that LF-rTMS could benefit children and adolescents with FEDN MDD in a relatively safe manner, although further studies are warranted.
The effects of ketamine and classic hallucinogens on neurotrophic and inflammatory markers in unipolar treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review of clinical trials$$$ Although results are still preliminary, ketamine and classical hallucinogens have shown promise in recent years as novel, fast-acting antidepressants, especially for the treatment of unipolar treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Depression also seems to be related to abnormal levels of peripheral inflammatory and neurotrophic biomarkers, which may one day help to diagnose of this disorder. In this context, this systematic review of clinical trials evaluated the current evidence that relates the antidepressant effects of ketamine and classical hallucinogens on TRD with changes in inflammatory and neurotrophic biomarkers. Twelve studies were found (n = 587), 2 with oral ayahuasca (1 mL/kg) and 10 with ketamine (mostly intravenous 0.5 mg/kg) administration. Results for all biomarkers assessed were contradictory and thus inconclusive. Randomized controlled trials with bigger samples and higher statistical power are warranted to clarify if peripheral biomarkers can confidently be used to indicate and measure ketamine’s and classical hallucinogens’ antidepressant effect. The PROSPERO ID for this study is CRD42021249089.
Examining the synergistic effects of a cognitive control video game and a home-based, self-administered non-invasive brain stimulation on alleviating depression: the DiSCoVeR trial protocol$$$ Enhanced behavioral interventions are gaining increasing interest as innovative treatment strategies for major depressive disorder (MDD). In this study protocol, we propose to examine the synergistic effects of a self-administered home-treatment, encompassing transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) along with a video game based training of attentional control. The study is designed as a two-arm, double-blind, randomized and placebo-controlled multi-center trial (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04953208). At three study sites (Israel, Latvia, and Germany), 114 patients with a primary diagnosis of MDD undergo 6 weeks of intervention (30 × 30 min sessions). Patients assigned to the intervention group receive active tDCS (anode F3 and cathode F4; 2 mA intensity) and an action-like video game, while those assigned to the control group receive sham tDCS along with a control video game. An electrode-positioning algorithm is used to standardize tDCS electrode positioning. Participants perform their designated treatment at the clinical center (sessions 1–5) and continue treatment at home under remote supervision (sessions 6–30). The endpoints are feasibility (primary) and safety, treatment efficacy (secondary, i.e., change of Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores at week six from baseline, clinical response and remission, measures of social, occupational, and psychological functioning, quality of life, and cognitive control (tertiary). Demonstrating the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of this novel combined intervention could expand the range of available treatments for MDD to neuromodulation enhanced interventions providing cost-effective, easily accessible, and low-risk treatment options. ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT04953208.
Brain stimulation treatment for bipolar disorder$$$ Aims: Bipolar disorders are clinically complex, chronic and recurrent disorders. Few treatment options are effective across hypomanic, manic, depressive and mixed states and as continuation or maintenance treatment after initial symptom remission. The aim of this review was to provide an up-to-date overview of research on the efficacy, tolerability and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), deep brain stimulation (DBS) and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS). Methods: References included in this review were identified through multiple searches of the Embase, PubMed/MEDLINE and APA PsycINFO electronic databases for articles published from inception until February 2022. Published reviews, meta-analyses, randomised controlled trials and recent studies were prioritised to provide a comprehensive and up-to-date overview of research on brain stimulation in patients with bipolar disorders. Results: The evidence base for brain stimulation as an add-on or alternative to pharmacological and psychological treatments in patients with bipolar disorders is limited but rapidly expanding. Brain stimulation treatments represent an opportunity to treat all bipolar disorder states, including cognitive dysfunction during euthymic periods. Conclusion: Whilst findings to date have been encouraging, larger randomised controlled trials with long-term follow-up are needed to clarify important questions regarding treatment efficacy and tolerability, the frequency of treatment-emergent affective switches and effects on cognitive function.
Treatment of primary progressive aphasia by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ To evaluate the efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with primary progressive aphasia (PPA). In this randomized, double-blind trial in a single center, patients who were diagnosed with PPA were randomly assigned to receive either real rTMS or sham rTMS treatment. High-frequency rTMS was delivered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The primary outcome was the change in Boston Naming Test (BNT) score at each follow-up compared to the baseline. The secondary outcomes included change in CAL (Communicative Activity Log) and WAB (Western Aphasia Battery) compared to baseline and neuropsychological assessments. Forty patients (16 with nonfluent, 12 with semantic and 12 with logopenic variant PPA) were enrolled and randomly assigned to the rTMS or sham rTMS group, with 20 patients in each group. Thirty-five patients (87.5%) completed a 6-month follow-up. Compared to the sham rTMS group, the BNT improvement and WAB improvement in the real rTMS group were significantly higher. These significant improvements could be observed throughout the entire 6-month follow-up. At 1 month and 3 months after treatment, CAL improvements of real rTMS were significantly higher than sham rTMS. The improvements in BNT, CAL and WAB did not significantly differ among PPA variants. No significant improvement in neuropsychological assessments was observed. High-frequency rTMS delivered to DLPFC improved language functions in patients with different PPA variants. The efficacy was still observed after 6 months of treatment. Trial registration: NCT04431401 (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04431401).
Erratum: Inhibiting Human Aversive Memory by Transcranial Theta-Burst Stimulation to the Primary Sensory Cortex (Biological Psychiatry (2022) 92(2) (149–157), (S0006322322000646), (10.1016/j.biopsych.2022.01.021))$$$ Erratum to: “Inhibiting Human Aversive Memory by Transcranial Theta-Burst Stimulation to the Primary Sensory Cortex”, by Ojala et al. (Biol Psychiatry 2022; 92:149-157); https://doi.org/10.1016/j.biopsych.2022.01.021. During data curation for public release, the authors discovered that the labeling of two experimental conditions was flipped in Figures 2 and 3, in one sentence of the results, and in the supplemental material. This was caused by a single error in one line of the program code. The error affects none of the statistical analyses or conclusions, and the scientific content is unaltered. Specifically, the experiment used “simple” and “complex” stimuli, and the labels of these conditions were accidentally flipped. In the statistical analysis, “complexity” is a factor with only two levels, and so none of the statistical models are affected by this error. Because there were no significant interactions involving the “complexity” factor, the conclusions remain unchanged. The main finding of the study, that TMS reduces fear memory retention, arises across both levels of this factor and is therefore unchanged. To correct this error, the following updates to the article have been made: Article: • Results: The last sentence in the section Threat Conditioning on the Day Before Recall Test: SCRs and PSRs, “Visual inspection of the data and the pairwise results suggest that learning was overall worse for complex stimuli (Figure 3C, D; Table S3 in Supplement 1), but this was not supported by the interaction with CS type (Table 2)” was replaced with: “There was no significant interaction of learning and CS complexity for either SCR or PSR (Table 2).”• Figures 2 and 3 were replaced, with the simple and complex line and bar plot labels switched.Supplement 1: This file was replaced, with the following updates made: • p. 1, Methods, Supplementary Figure 1. Fixed an error on PSR sample sizes in Acquisition phase: now “N = 37 (E: 17, C: 20)” vs. old “N = 34 (E: 18, C = 16).” This typo was not related to the complexity variable coding error.• p. 6, Methods, Stimulus randomization across participants. Simple and complex stimulus block order randomization sample size numbers were switched.• p. 12, Results, Supplementary Table 1. Simple and complex t-test results were switched.• p. 13, Results, Supplementary Table 3. Simple and complex t-test results were switched.• p. 14, Results, Supplementary Figure 3. Simple and complex line and bar plot labels were switched. In the figure legend, simple and complex were switched in the sentence “PSR for simple stimuli were on average larger than for complex stimuli, but this was not different for the two groups or between CS+ and CS−.”• p. 15, Results, Supplementary Table 5. Simple and complex results were switched for t-tests for PSR and SCR (ANOVA results remain the same).• p. 17, Results, Supplementary Figure 4. Simple and complex line and bar plot labels were switched. In the figure legend, simple and complex were switched in the sentence “Experimental group explicitly learned the CS+/CS− difference for simple but not for complex stimuli.”• p. 18, Results, Accuracy and reaction time of CS identification. Simple and complex were switched for results descriptions, and reaction time numbers in parentheses were also switched accordingly. Slightly amended the last sentence: “Importantly, this cannot be explained by physical properties or timing of the stimuli, as simple stimuli were immediately distinguishable from the first pulse, and therefore attentional or other psychological factors seem the most reasonable explanation for the difference (e.g., complex stimuli engaged more processing resources than simple stimuli).” where “complex stimuli engaged more attention than simple stimuli” was changed to “engaged more processing resources than simple stimuli.”• p. 19, Results, Supplementary Figure 5. Simple and complex line and bar plot labels were switched. In the figure legend, simple and complex were switched in sentences “Participants were on average more accurate on complex than on simple CS trials” and “Participants were on average faster to respond to complex than simple CS. There were no significant differences between groups nor CS+/CS− in either accuracy or reaction times.”Supplement 2: This file was replaced, with the following updates made: • Coding was switched for all data regarding complexity so that the data now correctly follows the coding legend provided on the first spreadsheet.
Pathophysiology and Treatment of Functional Paralysis: Insight from Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Functional paralysis (FP) or limb weakness is a common presentation of functional movement disorders (FMD), accounting for 18.1% of the clinical manifestations of FMD. The pathophysiology of FP is not known, but imaging studies have identified changes in structural and functional connectivity in multiple brain networks. It has been proposed that noninvasive brain stimulation techniques may be used to understand the pathophysiology of FP and may represent a possible therapeutic option. In this paper, we reviewed transcranial magnetic stimulation studies on functional paralysis, focusing on their pathophysiological and therapeutical implications. Overall, there is general agreement on the integrity of corticospinal pathways in FP, while conflicting results have been found about the net excitability of the primary motor cortex and its excitatory/inhibitory circuitry in resting conditions. The possible involvement of spinal cord circuits remains an under-investigated area. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation appears to have a potential role as a safe and viable option for the treatment of functional paralysis, but more studies are needed to investigate optimal stimulation parameters and clarify its role in the context of other therapeutical options.
Apparent Lack of Benefit of Combining Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation with Internet-Delivered Cognitive Behavior Therapy for the Treatment of Resistant Depression: Patient-Centered Randomized Controlled Pilot Trial$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is considered one of the major clinical challenges in the field of psychiatry. An estimated 44% of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) do not respond to two consecutive antidepressant therapies, and 33% do not respond to up to four antidepressants. Over 15% of all patients with MDD remain refractory to any treatment intervention. rTMS is considered a treatment option for patients with TRD. Likewise, iCBT is evidence-based, symptom-focused psychotherapy recommended for the treatment of TRD. Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the initial comparative clinical effectiveness of rTMS treatment with and without iCBT as an innovative intervention for the treatment of participants diagnosed with TRD. Methods: This study is a prospective two-arm randomized controlled trial. Overall, 78 participants diagnosed with TRD were randomized to one of two treatment interventions: rTMS sessions alone and rTMS sessions plus iCBT. Participants in each group were made to complete evaluation measures at baseline, and 6 weeks (discharge) from treatment. The primary outcome measure was baseline to six weeks change in mean score for the 17-item Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD-17). Secondary outcomes included mean baseline to six-week changes in the Columbia suicide severity rating scale (CSSRS) for the rate of suicidal ideations, the QIDS-SR16 for subjective depression, and the EQ-5D-5L to assess the quality of health in participants. Results: A majority of the participants were females 50 (64.1%), aged ≥ 40 39 (50.0%), and had college/university education 54 (73.0%). After adjusting for the baseline scores, the study failed to find a significant difference in the changes in mean scores for participants from baseline to six weeks between the two interventions under study on the HAMD-17 scale: F (1, 53) = 0.15, p = 0.70, partial eta squared = 0.003, CSSRS; F (1, 56) = 0.04 p = 0.85, partial eta squared = 0.001, QIDS-SR16 scale; F (1, 53) = 0.04 p = 0.61, partial eta squared = 0.005, and EQ-5D-VAS; F (1, 51) = 0.46 p = 0.50, and partial eta squared = 0.009. However, there was a significant reduction in means scores at week six compared to baseline scores for the combined study population on the HAMD-17 scale (42%), CSSRS (41%), QIDS-SR16 scale (35%), and EQ-VAS scale (62%). Conclusion: This study did not find that combined treatment of TRD with rTMS + iCBT (unguided) was superior to treatment with rTMS alone. Our findings do not support the use of combined treatment of rTMS + iCBT for the management of TRD disorders.
Effect of sleep deprivation plus existing therapies on depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Backgrounds: Depression is the most common mental disorder in the world. Sleep deprivation (SD) is a well-known antidepressant. Several recombination protocols (including medications, bright light treatment [BLT], cognitive-behavioral therapy, sleep phrase advance/sleep phrase delay [SPA/SPD], and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation [rTMS]) have been developed to improve and maintain the effect of SD. However, relapse after recovery sleep has been reported, and different recombination protocols result in different outcomes. Methods: The Embase, Cochrane, PubMed, CBM, Web of Science, and CINAHL databases were searched for clinical trials assessing depression and SD. Three independent reviewers classified forty-three abstracts. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was used to assess the outcomes. Results: Compared with existing therapy, patients receiving SD displayed a significant improvement in clinician-rated depressive symptoms (MD −1.48 [95 % CI −2.60, −0.37], p < 0.05). A significant decrease was found in the subgroups of SD plus SPA/SPD (odds ratio 3.90 [95 % CI 1.66, 9.17], p < 0.05), total sleep deprivation[TSD] plus BLT (MD −3.28 [95 % CI −5.06, −1.50], p < 0.05), and partial sleep deprivation[PSD] plus rTMS (MD −7.94 [95 % CI −11.44, −4.45], p < 0.05). No significant differences were observed in the other subgroups. Conclusions: Adding SD to existing therapies showed a positive outcome in improving depression treatment, which provides evidence for the use of SD in treating depression. Further studies are needed to determine the precise effects of SD plus other interventions.
Efficacy of Quetiapine Monotherapy and Combination Therapy for Patients with Bipolar Depression with Mixed Features: A Randomized Controlled Pilot Study$$$ Effective pharmacotherapy of bipolar depression with mixed features defined by DSM-5 remains unclear in clinical treatment guidelines. Quetiapine (QTP) and valproate have potential treatment utility but are often inadequate as monotherapy. Meanwhile, the efficacy of combination therapies of QTP plus valproate or lithium have yet to be verified. Hence, we conducted a randomized controlled pilot study to evaluate the efficacy of QTP monotherapy in patients with bipolar depression with mixed features defined by DSM-5 and compared the combination therapy of QTP plus valproate (QTP + V) versus QTP plus lithium (QTP + L) for those patients who responded insufficiently to QTP monotherapy. Data was analyzed according to the intent-to-treat population. Generalized linear mixed model was performed by using “nlme” package in R software. A total 56 patients were enrolled, among which, 35 patients responded to QTP alone, and 11 and 10 patients were randomly assigned to QTP + V and QTP + L group, respectively. Nearly 60% enrolled patients responded to QTP monotherapy at the first two weeks treatment. No statistically significant difference in efficacy between QTP + V and QTP + L was observed. In conclusion, QTP monotherapy appeared to be efficacious in patients with bipolar depression with mixed features, and for those who responded insufficiently to QTP, combining with either valproate or lithium appeared to have positive effects.
Long-Term Neuromodulatory Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) on Plasmatic Matrix Metalloproteinases (MMPs) Levels and Visuospatial Abilities in Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI)$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation technique that is used against cognitive impairment in mild cognitive impairment (MCI) and Alzheimer’s disease (AD). However, the neurobiological mechanisms underlying the rTMS therapeutic effects are still only partially investigated. Maladaptive plasticity, glial activation, and neuroinflammation, including metalloproteases (MMPs) activation, might represent new potential targets of the neurodegenerative process and progression from MCI to AD. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the effects of bilateral rTMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on plasmatic levels of MMP1, -2, -9, and -10; MMPs-related tissue inhibitors TIMP1 and TIMP2; and cognitive performances in MCI patients. Patients received high-frequency (10 Hz) rTMS (MCI-TMS, n = 9) or sham stimulation (MCI-C, n = 9) daily for four weeks, and they were monitored for six months after TMS. The plasmatic levels of MMPs and TIMPs and the cognitive and behavioral scores, based on the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS), Beck Depression Inventory II, Beck Anxiety Inventory, and Apathy Evaluation Scale, were assessed at baseline (T0) and after 1 month (T1) and 6 months (T2) since rTMS. In the MCI-TMS group, at T2, plasmatic levels of MMP1, -9, and -10 were reduced and paralleled by increased plasmatic levels of TIMP1 and TIMP2 and improvement of visuospatial performances. In conclusion, our findings suggest that targeting DLPFC by rTMS might result in the long-term modulation of the MMPs/TIMPs system in MCI patients and the neurobiological mechanisms associated with MCI progression to dementia.
Effectiveness of adjunctive low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder refractory to medical treatment:A double-blind, randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a common psychiatric disorder. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to treat OCD in 2018. So far, various approaches to treat this disorder have been evaluated. We evaluated the effect of adjunctive low-frequency rtMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with OCD refractory to treatment. Methods: The present clinical trial was done on 37 patients with OCD referring from the psychiatry clinic, 22 Bahman Hospital, Qazvin province, between 2018 and 2020 and patients were randomly divided into two groups. The intervention group received rTMS treatment at 1 Hz for 20 min (1200 pulses/day) over the left DLPFC area as adjunctive to the medical treatment three times a week and for five weeks, whereas those in the control group were subjected to only the sham condition plus their medical treatment. The Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOC.S) was completed by patients before the study, following sessions 5 and 10 during the intervention, at the end of the intervention, and three to six months after the intervention under the direct supervision of a psychiatrist. SPSS software version 26 was used to compare the results between the two groups. Results: The intervention group showed significantly lower mean Y-BOCS scores after the intervention and at follow-up (P < 0.05) and all patients of the intervention group showed significantly lower Y-BOCS scores than their own baseline scores (P < 0.05). Also, using antipsychotic agents along with the serotonergic agents yielded significantly lower scores in the intervention group at the end of the intervention (P < 0.05). All the patients were found with higher follow-up scores than their scores at the end of the intervention; however, this difference was not significant (p > 0.05). Conclusion: Adjunctive low-frequency (1 Hz) rTMS over the left DLPFC is able to effectively reduce Y-BOCS score in OCD patients refractory to treatment following 15 sessions, and the reduction was durable even after three to six months. Using antipsychotic agents as an adjuvant with serotonergic agents was identified as a possible predictor for response to adjunctive rTMS therapy.
How does IL-6 change after combined treatment in MDD patients? A systematic review$$$ A growing amount of research suggests that inflammatory responses have a crucial role in the complex pathophysiology of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), a disabling medical condition. The present review has two primary goals. Firstly, to highlight and summarize results from studies that investigated the changes of IL-6 in MDD patients before and after combined treatment. The second aim is to enlighten the need for further research on the difference in the concentration of the pro-inflammatory cytokines between MDD and Treatment-Resistant MDD. The protocol of this study was written using PRISMA, and it is registered at PROSPERO (identification: CRD42021289233). We searched the following bibliographic databases to identify potentially eligible articles without any time limit until September 2021: Pubmed, Web of Science, Scopus, PsycINFO. As they met the eligibility criteria, 14 articles were included in this systematic review. The selected studies assessed twelve different elements as an adjunction to the standard pharmacotherapy (ECT, Ketamine, CBT, NCT, Ketoprofene, Lithium, Celecoxib, Metformin tDCS, Pentoxifylline, ethyl-EPA, Zinc). Significant results were found in the studies that analyzed the impact of combined treatment with the adjunction of the following elements: ECT, Ketamine, CBT, NCT, Celecoxib, Metformin, and Pentoxifylline. Overall, this systematic review identifies several potentially beneficial combined treatments for MDD patients. Further evidence is needed to confirm the efficacy of reducing IL-6 levels in patients with Treatment-Resistant MDD.
Extension of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for depression in non-responders: Results of a naturalistic study$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) shows efficacy in the treatment of major depressive disorder using a standard course of 20–36 treatment sessions. However, research efforts are being made to improve overall response and remission rates. Evidence from open-label extension studies of randomized control trials suggests that extending the rTMS treatment course beyond 36 treatments may improve outcomes, however, little has been published on the benefit of extended TMS treatment courses in clinical practice. Objective: In this retrospective naturalistic observational study, we studied response rates on continuation of rTMS following failure of the first round of 36 treatments. Methods: From 142 patients who received conventional rTMS and 29 who underwent theta-burst stimulation (TBS) at Massachusetts General Hospital TMS clinical service, 28 non-responders (23 to rTMS and 5 to TBS) opted to continue their treatment beyond session 36. The treatment protocol allowed personalization in target, TMS protocol, as well as number of pulses and sessions as clinically indicated. Sustained response and remission using Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, 17-items (HAMD-17) was the primary outcome. Results: The average number of overall treatment sessions was 70.54 ± 16.73 for the sample. Overall, there was a 53.57% response rate and a 32.14% remission rate. Response and remission rates rose as the number of sessions increased and there did not appear to be a plateau in response over time. Conclusion: Our results support the idea that subpopulation of TMS patients are late responders. Continuation of TMS up to 72 treatments among those patients who do not meet response criteria by session 36 may improve overall response rates. While the number of subjects and study design limit generalization, given the fact that these patients were medication refractory and had failed initial course of TMS, the result of this study is encouraging.
Combined Cognitive Training and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Neuropsychiatric Disorders: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Background: Treatments for cognitive dysfunction in neuropsychiatric conditions are urgently needed. Cognitive training and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) hold promise, and there is growing interest in combined or multimodal treatments, though studies to date have had small samples and inconsistent results. Methods: A systematic review and meta-analysis was completed. Retained studies included cognitive training combined with active or sham tDCS in a neuropsychiatric population and reported a posttreatment cognitive outcome. Meta-analyses included effect sizes comparing cognitive training plus active tDCS and cognitive training plus sham tDCS in 5 cognitive domains. Risk of bias in included studies and across studies was explored. Results: Fifteen studies were included: 10 in neurodegenerative disorders and 5 in psychiatric disorders (n = 629). There were several tDCS montages, though two-thirds of studies placed the anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. A wide variety of cognitive training types and outcome measures were reported. There was a small, statistically significant effect of combined treatment on measures of attention/working memory, as well as small and non–statistically significant effects favoring combined treatment on global cognition and language. There was no evidence of bias in individual studies but some evidence of nonreporting or small-study bias across studies. Conclusions: These results may provide preliminary support for the efficacy of combined cognitive training and tDCS on measures of attention/working memory. More data are needed, particularly via studies that explicitly align the cognitive ability of interest, stimulation target, training type, and outcome measures.
Predictive signature of static and dynamic functional connectivity for ECT clinical outcomes$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains one of the most effective approaches for treatment-resistant depressive episodes, despite the potential cognitive impairment associated with this treatment. As a potent stimulator of neuroplasticity, ECT might normalize aberrant depression-related brain function via the brain’s reconstruction by forming new neural connections. Multiple lines of evidence have demonstrated that functional connectivity (FC) changes are reliable indicators of antidepressant efficacy and cognitive changes from static and dynamic perspectives. However, no previous studies have directly ascertained whether and how different aspects of FC provide complementary information in terms of neuroimaging-based prediction of clinical outcomes. Methods: In this study, we implemented a fully automated independent component analysis framework to an ECT dataset with subjects (n = 50, age = 65.54 ± 8.92) randomized to three treatment amplitudes (600, 700, or 800 milliamperes [mA]). We extracted the static functional network connectivity (sFNC) and dynamic FNC (dFNC) features and employed a partial least square regression to build predictive models for antidepressant outcomes and cognitive changes. Results: We found that both antidepressant outcomes and memory changes can be robustly predicted by the changes in sFNC (permutation test p < 5.0 × 10−3). More interestingly, by adding dFNC information, the model achieved higher accuracy for predicting changes in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 24-item (HDRS24, t = 9.6434, p = 1.5 × 10−21). The predictive maps of clinical outcomes show a weakly negative correlation, indicating that the ECT-induced antidepressant outcomes and cognitive changes might be associated with different functional brain neuroplasticity. Discussion: The overall results reveal that dynamic FC is not redundant but reflects mechanisms of ECT that cannot be captured by its static counterpart, especially for the prediction of antidepressant efficacy. Tracking the predictive signatures of static and dynamic FC will help maximize antidepressant outcomes and cognitive safety with individualized ECT dosing.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: A systematic review$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is not only a frequent neuropsychiatric manifestation secondary to stroke but is also associated with disability, poor rehabilitation outcomes, sleep disorders, cognitive impairment, and increased mortality. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a primary modality of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS), has shown promising clinical results in the rehabilitation of patients with PSD recently. The primary aim of this systematic review is to assess the effects of tDCS on PSD. Methods: PubMed and Cochrane databases were used for paper identification up to May 2022. Only English language studies and published data were taken into consideration. The methodological quality of selected studies was assessed according to the modified Sackett Scale, based on Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) scores. Results: Six experimental studies were included for the PSD treatment of tDCS and all of them reported that, following the intervention of tDCS, the experimental group shows a statistically significant decrease in the depression level in accordance with different assessment scales. Conclusion: This article simply aims at providing a comprehensive overview of the raw data reported in this field to date. Based on the current evidence, tDCS presents promising results for the treatment of PSD. Moreover, tDCS is also effective in PSD patients with aphasia or CPSP. However, an optimal stimulation protocol is needed to formulate. Thus, the development of robustly controlled, randomized, and high-quality clinical trials to further assess the utility of tDCS as a therapeutic tool for the treatment of PSD survivors is encouraged. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?ID=CRD42023322076, identifier: CRD42023322076.
Novel and emerging treatments for major depression$$$ Depression is common, costly, debilitating, and associated with increased risk of suicide. It is one of the leading global public health problems. Although existing available pharmacological treatments can be effective, their onset of action can take up to 6 weeks, side-effects are common, and recovery can require treatment with multiple different agents. Although psychosocial interventions might also be recommended, more effective treatments than those currently available are needed for people with moderate or severe depression. In the past 10 years, treatment trials have developed and tested many new targeted interventions. In this Review, we assess novel and emerging biological treatments for major depressive disorder, evaluate their putative brain and body mechanisms, and highlight how close each might be to clinical use.
Working memory ımprovement after transcranial direct current stimulation paired with working memory training ın diabetic peripheral neuropathy$$$ Association of cognitive deficits and diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) is frequent. Working memory (WM) deficits result in impairment of daily activities, diminished functionality, and treatment compliance. Mounting evidence suggests that transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) with concurrent working memory training (WMT) ameliorates cognitive deficits. Emboldening results of tDCS were shown in DPN. The study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) coupled with cathodal right DLPFC with concurrent WMT in DPN for the first time. The present randomized triple-blind parallel-group sham-controlled study evaluated the efficacy of 5 sessions of tDCS over the DLPFC concurrent with WMT in 28 individuals with painful DPN on cognitive (primary) and pain-related, psychiatric outcome measures before, immediately after, and 1-month after treatment protocol. tDCS enhanced the efficacy of WMT on working memory and yielded lower anxiety levels than sham tDCS but efficacy was not superior to sham on other cognitive domains, pain severity, quality of life, and depression. tDCS with concurrent WMT enhanced WM and ameliorated anxiety in DPN without affecting other cognitive and pain-related outcomes. Further research scrutinizing the short/long-term efficacy with larger samples is accredited.
Therapy Strategies for Late-life Depression: A Review$$$ Background: Depression in the elderly requires different treatment options because therapies that are commonly used for depression in younger patients show different effects later in life. Treatment options for late-life depression (LLD) are summarized in this article. Methods: A literature search in Medline/PubMed performed in June 2020 identified 83 relevant studies. Results: Pharmacotherapy with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors can be an effective first-line treatment in LLD, but >50% of elderly patients do not adequately respond. Switching to other selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or augmenting with mood stabilizers or antipsychotics is often effective in achieving a therapeutic benefit. Severely depressed patients with a high risk of suicidal behavior can be treated with electroconvulsive therapy. Psychotherapy provides a measurable benefit alone and when combined with medication. Limitations: LLD remains an underrepresented domain in research. Paucity of data concerning the effect of specific therapies for LLD, heterogeneity in the quality of study designs, overinterpretation of results from meta-analyses, and discrepancies between study results and guideline recommendations were often noted. Conclusions: Treating LLD is complex, but there are several treatment options with good efficacy and tolerability. Some novel pharmaceuticals also show promise as potential antidepressants, but evidence for their efficacy and safety is still limited and based on only a few trials conducted to date.
Subjective cognitive complaints and subjective cognition following electroconvulsive therapy for depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Subjective cognitive complaints represent a leading reason for suboptimal prescription of electroconvulsive therapy, the most acutely effective treatment for depression. However, research findings regarding their presentation are conflicting. Objective: To describe, quantify and explain the variability in subjective cognitive complaints and subjective cognition following electroconvulsive therapy for depression. Methods: We searched systematically PubMed, Embase, PsycARTICLES, CINAHL and relevant reviews for research published from 1 January 1972 to 31 August 2020. We included all independent studies of patients whose subjective cognition was assessed following brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy for depression. Three meta-analyses were conducted to quantify: (1) the prevalence of patients presenting with cognitive complaints following electroconvulsive therapy; (2) the pre–post electroconvulsive therapy change in subjective cognition and (3) the association between change in depressive symptoms and change in cognitive complaints. Effect sizes were calculated using random-effects models. Eight prespecified demographic and clinical moderators of between-study variability were assessed using sub-group analyses and meta-regressions. Results: Data from 72 studies including 5699 participants were meta-analysed. Weighted mean prevalence of patients with cognitive complaints was 48.1% (95% confidence interval = [42.3%, 53.9%]). The type of subjective measure used significantly impacted the pre–post electroconvulsive therapy change in subjective cognition, showing, respectively, large improvement (g = 0.81; 95% confidence interval = [0.59, 1.03]) after electroconvulsive therapy with the Squire Self-Rating Scale of Memory and small worsening (g = –0.48; 95% confidence interval = [–0.70, –0.26]) with 1-item memory scales. The strongest predictors of improved post-electroconvulsive therapy subjective cognition were increased age and larger post-electroconvulsive therapy decrease in depressive symptoms. The weighted mean correlation between pre–post electroconvulsive therapy decrease in depressive symptoms and pre–post electroconvulsive therapy decrease in cognitive complaints was 0.46 (95% confidence interval = [0.39, 0.53]). Conclusion: Variability in subjective cognition following electroconvulsive therapy is mostly explained by the degree of post-treatment persisting depression and by the subjective assessment used. Scales measuring exclusively subjective worsening present limited clinical utility and instruments allowing the detection of both improvement and worsening in subjective cognition should be preferred.
BDNF blood levels after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with mood disorders: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objectives: Studies have suggested Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factors (BDNF) increase after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) although they were methodologically limited and enrolled small sample sizes. We aimed at updating a systematic review and meta-analysis to explore BDNF changes after ECT for the treatment of depression. Methods: PubMed, PsycInfo, Embase and Global health were searched (March, 2021). Clinical trials that measured BDNF in the blood before and after ECT in adults (≥ 18 years old) with depression (major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder) were eligible. Data were pooled through random-effects meta-analyses. Results: Twenty-eight studies involving 778 participants were included. Meta-analysis showed a significant increase in BDNF levels after ECT (Hedges’ g = 0.28; 95% CI: 0.10, 0.46) while there was evidence of significant heterogeneity (I2 = 67.64%) but not publication bias/small-study effect. Subgroup analyses and meta-regressions were underpowered to detect significant differences. Meta-analysis of depression severity scores demonstrated a considerable larger treatment effect in reducing depressive symptoms after ECT (Hedge’s g = −3.72 95% CI: −4.23, −3.21). Conclusion: This updated review showed that BDNF blood levels increased after ECT treatment. However, there was still evidence of substantial heterogeneity and there were limited sample sizes to investigate factors driving the variability of effects across studies. Importantly, the increase in BDNF levels was substantially smaller than the observed in depressive symptomatology, which could be indicative that the former was independent than the latter. Additional studies with larger sample sizes are currently required.
Effects of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) on vestibulopathy disorders: a systematic review$$$ Objectives: New types of treatments have emerged, such as non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS), to treat chronic vestibular dysfunction (VD). Considering that NIBS is a promising approach to reduce VD symptoms, this review was aimed to analyze the effects of NIBS in patients with VD. Methods: We adhered to the methods described in the Cochrane Handbook for Intervention Reviews. The eligibility criteria were as follows: (a) individuals with vestibulopathy having clinical and neuroimaging; (b) Interventions: non-invasive brain stimulation, this intervention comprised transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS); (c) Control: any comparison or sham; and (d) Outcomes: dizziness and balance. We included randomized controlled trials and non-randomized studies from July 2004 to February 2020. We searched the PubMed, CINAHL, Web of Science, Scopus, Cochrane, and Ovid databases. Two pairs of reviewers independently screened all titles and abstracts. Two authors assessed the risk of bias for each study using the criteria outlined in the Cochrane Handbook for Systematic Reviews of Interventions and used the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) methodology to rate the certainty of the evidence for each outcome. Results: We identified 136 studies, and included two studies. Both studies used tDCS application. One study used anodal cerebellar tDCS or sham at 2 mA for 25 min associated with vestibular rehabilitation therapy (VRT), and the other study used anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (F3) for 25–30 min associated with VRT at home. Both studies showed clinical improvement in the Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI), State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI), Activities-Specific Balance Confidence (ABC), and Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS) scores. Both studies presented higher-quality evidence on the GRADE scale and a low risk of bias. Conclusions: Based on two studies, anodal tDCS over F3 or the cerebellum associated with VRT improved chronic vestibular symptoms.
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for treatment of anxiety, obsessive-compulsive and posttraumatic stress disorders–Version 3. Part II: OCD and PTSD$$$ Aim: This is the third version of the guideline of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) Task Force for the Pharmacological Treatment of Anxiety, Obsessive–Compulsive and Posttraumatic Stress Disorders which was published in 2002 and revised in 2008. Method: A consensus panel of 34 international experts representing 22 countries developed recommendations based on efficacy and acceptability of the treatments. In this version, not only medications but also psychotherapies and other non-pharmacological interventions were evaluated, applying the same rigorous methods that are standard for the assessment of medication treatments. Result: The present paper (Part II) contains recommendations based on published randomised controlled trials (RCTs) for the treatment of OCD (n = 291) and PTSD (n = 234) in children, adolescents, and adults. The accompanying paper (Part I) contains the recommendations for the treatment of anxiety disorders. For OCD, first-line treatments are selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). Internet-CBT was also superior to active controls. Several second-line medications are available, including clomipramine. For treatment-resistant cases, several options are available, including augmentation of SSRI treatment with antipsychotics and other drugs. Other non-pharmacological treatments, including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), deep brain stimulation (DBS) and others were also evaluated. For PTSD, SSRIs and the SNRI venlafaxine are first-line treatments. CBT is the psychotherapy modality with the best body of evidence. For treatment-unresponsive patients, augmentation of SSRI treatment with antipsychotics may be an option. Conclusion: OCD and PTSD can be effectively treated with CBT and medications.
Efficacy of High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation at 10 Hz in Fibromyalgia: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Objective: The purpose of this review was to systematically assess the effectiveness of 10-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in fibromyalgia. Data Sources: We searched PubMed, Cochrane Library, Embase, Web of Science, and Ovid databases as of November 6, 2021. Study Selection: The inclusion criteria for this review were randomized controlled trials of 10-Hz rTMS for fibromyalgia, exploring the effects of 10-Hz rTMS on pain, depression, and quality of life in patients with fibromyalgia. Data Extraction: Data extraction was performed independently by 2 evaluators according to predefined criteria, and the quality of the included literature was assessed using the Cochrane Bias Risk Assessment Tool. The measurement outcomes include visual analog scale, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, and Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, and so on. Data Synthesis: A total of 488 articles were screened, and the final 7 selected high-quality articles with 217 patients met our inclusion criteria. Analysis of the results showed that high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation at 10 Hz was significantly associated with reduced pain compared with sham stimulation in controls (standardized mean difference [SMD]=−0.72; 95% confidence interval [CI], −1.12 to −0.33; P<.001; I2=46%) and was able to improve quality of life (SMD=−0.70; 95% CI, −1.00 to −0.40; P<.001; I2=15%) but not improve depression (SMD=−0.23; 95% CI, −0.50 to 0.05; P=.11; I2=33%). In addition, a subgroup analysis of pain conducted based on stimulation at the primary motor cortex and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex showed no significant difference (SMD=−0.72; 95% CI, −1.12 to −0.33; P=.10; I2=62%). Conclusions: Overall, 10-Hz rTMS has a significant effect on analgesia and improved quality of life in patients with FMS but did not improve depression.
Efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in children and adolescents with depression: A systematic review and preliminary meta-analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) benefits adults with depression while its efficacy and safety in children and adolescents with major depressive disorder (MDD) remain unclear. We conducted a preliminary meta-analysis here to objectively appraise rTMS in the youth with MDD to inform future research and clinical practice. Methods: We searched Pubmed, Embase, Web of Science and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials from their inception to December 1, 2021. Studies with a control group or self-controlled designs and evaluating the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D) or the Children's Depression Rating Scale–Revised (CDRS-R) at baseline and post-rTMS treatment were included. Two reviewers independently selected eligible studies, retrieved data in a structured fashion and assessed studies' quality. Hedges'g with 95 % confidence intervals and withdrawal rate with 95 % confidential intervals were separately used to evaluate the efficacy and safety of rTMS. Results: Thirteen studies with six datasets (165 patients, 61.8 % female, age range from 10 to 25 years old) were included and our meta-analysis found children and adolescents with MDD benefited from rTMS treatment (Hedges'g 1.37, 95 % CI 0.85 to 1.90, P = 0.001). In addition, 4 % of patients (95 % CI 0.02 to 0.09) withdrew during rTMS treatment for reasons including fear, mood swings, suicide ideation and adverse events. Limitations: This conclusion is tempered by a small number of studies included and a potentially existing placebo effect. Conclusions: Our findings suggest rTMS could benefit children and adolescents with MDD in a relatively safe manner, and this result may help guide clinical practice.
Role of the AMPA receptor in antidepressant effects of ketamine and potential of AMPA receptor potentiators as a novel antidepressant$$$ Ketamine exerts rapid and long-lasting antidepressant effects in patients with treatment-resistant depression. However, its clinical use is limited by its undesirable psychotomimetic side effects. Accumulating evidence from preclinical studies has shown that the antidepressant effects of ketamine are dependent on α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptor (AMPA-R) activation, which triggers activation of the mechanistic target of rapamycin pathway and brain-derived neurotrophic factor release. Thus, AMPA-R has emerged as a promising new target for novel antidepressants with a rapid onset of action. However, almost all known AMPA-R potentiators carry the risk of a narrow bell-shaped dose-response curve and a poor safety margin against seizures. Our data suggest that agonistic activity is not only related to the risks of bell-shaped dose-response curves and seizures but also to the reduced synaptic transmission and procognitive effects of AMPA-R potentiators. In this review, we describe our original screening approach that led to the discovery of an investigational AMPA-R potentiator with low agonistic activity, TAK-653. We further review the in vitro and in vivo profiles of TAK-653, including its procognitive and antidepressant-like effects, as well as its safety profile, in comparison with known AMPA-R potentiators with agonistic activity and AMPA, an AMPA-R agonist. The low agnostic activity of TAK-653 may overcome limitations of known AMPA-R potentiators.
State of the art: non-invasive electrical stimulation for the treatment of chronic tinnitus$$$ Subjective tinnitus is the perception of sound in the absence of external stimulation. Neuromodulation is a novel method with promising properties for application in tinnitus management. This study sought to review the types of non-invasive electrical stimulation in tinnitus to provide the foothold for further research. PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane databases were searched for studies on the modulation of tinnitus by non-invasive electrical stimulation. Among the four forms of non-invasive electrical modulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, transcranial random noise stimulation, and transauricular vagus nerve stimulation yielded promising results, whereas the effect of transcranial alternating current stimulation in the treatment of tinnitus has not been confirmed. Non-invasive electrical stimulation can effectively suppress tinnitus perception in some patients. However, the heterogeneity in parameter settings leads to scattered and poorly replicated findings. Further high-quality studies are needed to identify optimal parameters to develop more acceptable protocols for tinnitus modulation.
Effectiveness Evaluation of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Therapy Combined with Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction for People with Post-Stroke Depression: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is most prevalent during the rehabilitative period following a stroke. Recent studies verified the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy (rTMS) and mindfulness-based stress reduction (MBSR) in patients with depression. However, the effectiveness and prospect of application in PSD patients remain unclear. This study sought to evaluate the effectiveness of a combined intervention based on rTMS and MBSR for the physical and mental state of PSD patients. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study design was employed. Participants were recruited from the Rehabilitation Medicine Centre and randomly assigned to receive either MBSR combined with active or sham rTMS or sham rTMS combined with general psychological care. We used a 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17), a mini-mental state examination (MMSE), the Modified Barthel Index (MBI), and the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) to evaluate depressed symptoms, cognitive function, activities of daily living (ADL), and sleep quality at baseline, post-intervention, and the 8-week follow-up. A two-factor analysis of variance was used to compare differences between groups, and Pearson’s linear correlation was used to analyze the possible relationship between variables and potential predictors of depression improvement. Results: Seventy-two participants were randomized to rTMS–MBSR (n = 24), sham rTMS–MBSR (n = 24), or sham rTMS–general psychological care (n = 24). A total of 71 patients completed the questionnaire, a 99% response rate. There were significant time and group interaction effects in HAMD-17, MMSE, MBI, and PSQI scores (p < 0.001). The repeated-measure ANOVA showed a significant improvement of all variables in rTMS–MBSR compared to sham rTMS–MBSR and sham rTMS combined with general psychological care (p < 0.05). Additional results demonstrated that cognitive function, sleep quality, and activities of daily living are associated with depressive symptoms, and cognitive function is a potential variable for improved depression. Conclusion: Depressive symptoms can be identified early by assessing cognitive function, and rTMS–MBSR might be considered a potentially helpful treatment for PSD.
A Case Series of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation Treatment for Depressive Symptoms in Individuals with Autistic Spectrum Disorder: Real World TMS Study in the Tokyo Metropolitan Area$$$ Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by deficits in social communication and the presence of restricted interests and repetitive behaviors. While the symptoms of ASD are present from early childhood, there has been an increase in the number of adults with ASD in recent years who visit healthcare professionals to seek the treatment of depression due to maladjustment resulting from the core symptoms and are eventually diagnosed with ASD. Currently, no treatment is available for the core symptoms of ASD, and pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy are often provided mainly for secondary disorders such as depression and anxiety. However, the effectiveness of these therapies is often limited in individuals with ASD compared to those with major depression. In this context, neuromodulation therapies such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) have gained increasing attention as potential treatments. In this case series, we retrospectively analyzed 18 cases with ASD from the TMS registry data who had failed to improve depressive symptoms with pharmacotherapy and were treated with intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) therapy to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). We also explored the relationship between treatment efficacy and clinical epidemiological profile. Our results indicated that, despite the limitations of an open-label preliminary case series, TMS therapy in the form of iTBS may have some beneficial therapeutic effects on depressive symptoms in individuals with ASD. The present findings warrant further validation through randomized, sham-controlled trials with larger sample sizes.
A pilot randomized sham controlled trial of bilateral iTBS for depression and executive function in older adults$$$ Introduction: Executive function deficits (EFD) in late life depression (LLD) are associated with poor outcomes. Dysfunction of the cognitive control network (CCN) has been posited in the pathophysiology of LLD with EFD. Methods: Seventeen older adults with depression and EFD were randomized to iTBS or sham for 6 weeks. Intervention was delivered bilaterally using a recognized connectivity target. Results: A total of 89% (17/19) participants completed all study procedures. No serious adverse events occurred. Pre to post-intervention change in mean Montgomery-Asberg-depression scores was not different between iTBS or sham, p = 0.33. No significant group-by-time interaction for Montgomery-Asberg Depression rating scale scores (F 3, 44 = 0.51; p = 0.67) was found. No significant differences were seen in the effects of time between the two groups on executive measures: Flanker scores (F 1, 14 = 0.02, p = 0.88), Dimensional-change-card-sort scores F 1, 14 = 0.25, p = 0.63, and working memory scores (F 1, 14 = 0.98, p = 0.34). The Group-by-time interaction effect for functional connectivity (FC) within the Fronto-parietal-network was not significant (F 1, 14 = 0.36, p = 0.56). No significant difference in the effect-of-time between the two groups was found on FC within the Cingulo-opercular-network (F 1, 14 = 0, p = 0.98). Conclusion: Bilateral iTBS is feasible in LLD. Preliminary results are unsupportive of efficacy on depression, executive function or target engagement of the CCN. A future Randomized clinical trial requires a larger sample size with stratification of cognitive and executive variables and refinement in the target engagement.
Oral ketamine for depression: An updated systematic review$$$ Objectives: Ketamine is a glutamate N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist that can be used to treat major depressive disorder by single or repeated infusions. However, the accessibility and scalability of oral ketamine make it preferred over intravenous ketamine. In this systematic review, we aim to evaluate the efficacy, tolerability, and safety of oral ketamine, esketamine and r-ketamine for unipolar and bipolar depression. Materials and methods: Electronic databases were searched from inception to September 2022 to identify relevant articles. Results: Twenty-two studies, including four randomized clinical trials (RCTs), one case series, six case reports, five open-label trials and six retrospective chart review studies involving 2336 patients with depression were included. All included studies reported significant improvement following ketamine administration. Ketamine was well tolerated without serious adverse events. However, RCTs had a high risk of bias due to analysis methods and adverse events monitoring. Ketamine dosage varied from 0.5 to 1.25 mg/kg. The frequency of administration was daily to monthly. Several important limitations were identified, most notably the small number of RCTs. Conclusions: Taken together, preliminary evidence suggests the potential for antidepressant effect of oral ketamine. However, further research with large sample size and long follow-up period is needed to better determine the antisuicidal effect and efficacy in treatment-resistant depression.
Effects of diaphragmatic and iliopsoas myofascial release in patients with chronic low back pain: A randomized controlled study$$$ Background: Myofascial release (MFR) technique is frequently used in musculoskeletal problems. There are many studies of the MFR technique on the diaphragm or iliopsoas muscle. However, no studies in the literature performed both diaphragmatic and iliopsoas MFR techniques in patients with chronic low back pain. Objective: To investigate the effects of diaphragmatic and iliopsoas MFR techniques on pain, lumbar spine range of motion (ROM), chest wall mobility, and flexibility in patients with chronic low back pain. Design: Randomized controlled clinical study. Participants: Forty-two participants with chronic low back pain, aged between 20 and 50 years. Intervention: The sample was randomly allocated into one of two groups; the myofascial group (n = 21) and control group (n = 21) received the MFR technique or the placebo MFR technique as a complementary therapy to traditional physiotherapy treatment. Outcome measures: Primary outcomes were pain, chest wall mobility, lumbar spine range of motion (ROM), and flexibility. Secondary outcomes were depression, kinesiophobia, and functional disability. Results: The MFR techniques significantly reduced the pain, with a between-group difference of −2.05 (95% CI, −2.93 to −1.15) for rest, −2.62 (95% CI, −3.34 to −1.89) for trunk flexion, and −2.00 (95% CI, −2.84 to −1.16) for trunk extension in favor of the EG. MFR techniques significantly increased the lumbar spine ROM after interventions, with a between-group difference of 16.67° (95% CI, 8.87 to 24.47) for flexion, 7.63° (95% CI, 5.44 to 9.80) for extension and, 9.53° (95% CI, 6.57 to 12.48) for right lateral flexion. There was also a significant difference between the groups in flexibility in favor of the MG of 1.95 cm (95% CI, 1.41 to 2.49) for MST, −13.52 cm (95% CI, −20.18 to −6.86) for trunk flexion and, −4.37 cm (−6.50 to −2.28) for right lateral flexion The MFR techniques also significantly increased the chest wall mobility after interventions, with a between-group difference of 2.52 cm (95% CI, 1.82 to 3.23) for the xiphoid region and 3.48 cm (95% CI, 2.60 to 4.36) for the subcostal region. Conclusion: Diaphragmatic and iliopsoas MFR techniques may be effective in pain, lumbar spine ROM, flexibility, and chest wall mobility in patients with chronic low back pain. Clinical trials identifier: NCT04415021.
Neuromodulatory effects of transcranial electrical stimulation on emotion regulation in internalizing psychopathologies$$$ Objective: We hypothesize offset theta-tACS (transcranial alternating current stimulation) improves emotion regulation (ER) and psychopathology more than transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in participants with internalizing psychopathologies (IPs). Methods: This pilot study utilized a double-blind, pseudo-counterbalanced, sham-controlled design with participants with IPs. Participants were assigned to receive tDCS or tACS, underwent four stimulation sessions (two sham), and completed an emotion regulation task (ERT) during or after stimulation. Participants completed the Beck Depression Inventory before/after the study, the Spielberger State and Trait Anxiety Index after each ERT, and rated their arousal, valence, and perceived reappraisal ability during the ERT. Results: Participants receiving either stimulation type showed a reduction in anxiety, depression, and valence and arousal ratings. We additionally discovered an effect demonstrating those who received sham stimulation first displayed little-to-no change in any score across the study, but tACS participants who received verum stimulation first showed significant improvements in each metric. Conclusions: Improving ER capabilities via theta tACS has the potential to yield beneficial clinical effects. Significance: This study adds validity to the use of non-invasive neuromodulatory methods, especially tACS, to alleviate IPs. Additional research is needed to better understand the effects of sham stimulation. Careful consideration of sham incorporation should be made in future studies.
Ketamine and esketamine in suicidal thoughts and behaviors: a systematic review$$$ Background: More than 2% of the general population experience suicidal ideas each year and a large number of them will attempt suicide. Evidence-based therapeutic options to manage suicidal crisis are currently limited. Objectives: The aim of this study was to overview the findings on the use of ketamine and esketamine for the treatment of suicidal ideas and acts. Design: Systematic review. Data Sources and methods: PubMed, article references, and Clinicaltrials.gov up to June 30, 2022. Meta-analyses published within the last 2 years were also reviewed. Results: We identified 12 randomized controlled trials with reduction of suicidal ideation as the primary objective and 14 trials as secondary objectives. Intravenous racemic ketamine was superior to control drugs (placebo or midazolam) within the first 72 h, in spite of large placebo effects. Adverse events were minor and transient. In contrast, intranasal esketamine did not differ from placebo in large-scale studies. Limitations, clinical considerations, and opportunities for future research include the following points: large placebo effects when studying suicidal ideation reduction; small concerns about blinding quality due to dissociative effects; no studies on the risk/prevention of suicidal acts and mortality; lack of studies beyond affective disorders; no studies in adolescents and older people; lack of knowledge of long-term side effects, notably liability for abuse; no robust predictive markers; limited understanding of the mechanisms of ketamine on suicidal ideas; need for improved assessment of suicidal ideation in clinical trials; need for studies in outpatient settings, emergency room, and liaison consultation; need for research on ketamine administration; limited knowledge on the positive and negative effects of concomitant treatments. Conclusion: Overall, there is compelling evidence for a favorable short-term benefit-risk balance with intravenous racemic ketamine but not intranasal esketamine. The place of ketamine will have to be defined within a multimodal care strategy for suicidal patients. Caution remains necessary for clinical use, and pharmacovigilance will be essential.
Differential symptom cluster responses to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can target specific neural circuits, which may allow for personalized treatment of depression. Treatment outcome is typically determined using sum scores from validated measurement scales; however, this may obscure differential improvements within distinct symptom domains. The objectives for this work were to determine: (1) whether a standard depression measure can be represented using a four symptom cluster model and (2) whether these symptom clusters had a differential response to rTMS treatment. Methods: Data were obtained from two multi-centre randomized controlled trials of rTMS delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for participants with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) conducted in Canada (THREE-D [Conducted between Sept 2013, and Oct 2016] and CARTBIND [Conducted between Apr 2016 and Feb 2018]). The first objective used confirmatory factor analytic techniques, and the second objective used a linear mixed effects model. Trial Registration: NCT01887782, NCT02729792. Findings: In the total sample of 596 participants with TRD, we found a model consisting of four symptom clusters adequately fit the data. The primary analysis using the THREE-D treatment trial found that symptom clusters demonstrated a differential response to rTMS treatment (F(3,5984) = 31.92, p < 0.001). The anxiety symptom cluster was significantly less responsive to treatment than other symptom clusters (t(6001) = -8.02, p < 0.001). These findings were replicated using data from the CARTBIND trial. Interpretation: There are distinct symptom clusters experienced by individuals with TRD that have a differential response to rTMS. Future work will determine whether differing rTMS treatment targets have distinct patterns of symptom cluster responses with the eventual goal of personalizing rTMS protocols based on an individual's clinical presentation. Funding:Canadian Institutes of Health Research,Brain Canada.
Preservation of spatial cognitive functioning in depressed patients treated with bilateral electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is associated with memory and non-memory, verbal and nonverbal cognitive deficits. This study was conducted to test the expectation that the Tactual Performance Test (TPT) is uniquely sensitive to perturbation by ECT. Importantly, this study included a non-ECT disease control group. Methods: Inpatients (n = 35) referred for ECT for the treatment of a major depressive episode were assessed 1–2 days before and after a course of ECT using a logical memory test, the digit span test, the block design test, and the TPT. A comparison cohort was formed from antidepressant-treated inpatients (n = 35); these patients were similarly assessed at admission and discharge. All treatment in both cohorts was naturalistic. Because patients had not been randomized to their respective treatments, the design was quasi-experimental. Results: At baseline, ECT-treated patients were more severely ill than control patients. ECT patients received a mean of 7.5 treatments in addition to necessary pharmacotherapy. Almost all ECT was bilateral. Because of illness severity, baseline cognitive assessments were possible in only 15 (43%) ECT and 31 (89%) control patients (P < 0.001). At endpoint, 15% vs 0% of patients in the ECT vs control groups, respectively, had remitted. Endpoint cognitive assessments were conducted in all patients. The ECT and antidepressant cohorts did not differ on any cognitive test or subtest at endpoint; the only exception was that ECT patients performed more poorly on the TPT shapes subtest at both baseline and endpoint, but were more improved (at endpoint) than control patients on this outcome (effect size, 0.84 vs 0.60). Conclusion: Depressed patients treated naturalistically with a mean of 7.5 bilateral ECTs did not show detectable memory and non-memory, verbal and nonverbal cognitive deficits on the 4 tests at the end of a treatment course relative to depressed patients treated with antidepressants alone. The TPT is not sensitive to perturbation by ECT.
Therapies Targeting Stroke Recovery$$$ Stroke recovery therapeutics include many classes of intervention and numerous treatment targets. Stroke is a very heterogeneous disease. As such, stroke recovery therapeutics benefit from a personalized medicine approach that considers intersubject differences, such as in infarct location or stroke severity, when assigning treatment. Prediction of treatment responders can be improved by incorporating biological measures, such as neural injury and neural function, as the bedside behavioral phenotype has an incomplete relationship with the biological events underlying stroke recovery. Another ramification of high variability between patients is the need to examine effects of restorative therapies in relation to dose, time poststroke, and stroke severity in clinical trials. For example, enrollment across a wide time interval poststroke or in a population with a very broad range of deficits means high variance across patients in the biological state of the brain. The doses of rehabilitation therapy being studied are often low; it takes substantial practice to acquire a skill in the healthy brain; this is more, not less, pronounced after a stroke. Recognition and treatment of poststroke depression represents a major unmet need. These points are considered in the context of a review of recent advances in stroke recovery therapeutics.
Supplementing transcranial direct current stimulation to local infiltration series for refractory neuropathic craniocephalic pain: A randomized controlled pilot trial$$$ Background: Some patients with neuralgia of cranial nerves with otherwise therapy-refractory pain respond to invasive therapy with local anesthetics. Unfortunately, pain regularly relapses despite multimodal pain management. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may prolong pain response due to neuro-modulatory effects. Methods: This controlled clinical pilot trial randomized patients to receive anodal, cathodal or sham-tDCS stimulation prior to local anesthetic infiltration. Pain attenuation, quality-of-life and side effects were assessed and compared with historic controls to estimate effects of tDCS stimulation setting. Results: Altogether, 17 patients were randomized into three groups with different stimulation protocols. Relative reduction of pain intensity in per protocol treated patients were median 73%, 50% and 69% in anodal, cathodal and sham group, respectively (p = 0.726). Compared with a historic control group, a lower rate of responders with 50% reduction of pain intensity indicates probable placebo effects (OR 3.41 stimulation vs. non-stimulation setting, NNT 3.63). 76.9% (n = 10) of tDCS patients reported mild side-effects. Of all initially included 17 patients, 23.5% (n = 4) withdrew their study participation with highest proportion in the cathodal group (n = 3). A sample size calculation for a confirmatory trial revealed 120 patients using conservative estimations. Discussion: This pilot trial does not support series of anodal tDCS as neuro-modulatory treatment to enhance pain alleviation of local anesthetic infiltration series. Notably, results may indicate placebo effects of tDCS settings. Feasibility of studies in this population was limited due to relevant drop-out rates. Anodal tDCS warrants further confirmation as neuro-modulatory pain treatment option.
Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation on postoperative delirium in elderly patients undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Postoperative delirium (POD) is a common and severe postoperative complication in elderly patients undergoing major surgery linked to increased morbidity and mortality. It is reported that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) effectively enhances cognitive function and improves impaired consciousness. Objective: This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of tDCS on POD in elderly patients undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty, including total hip arthroplasty (THA) or total knee arthroplasty (TKA). Methods: Patients aged ≥65 years scheduled for THA or TKA were randomly assigned to receive 2 mA tDCS for 20 min active-tDCS (n = 61) or sham-tDCS (n = 61). The primary outcome was the incidence of POD during the first 3 postoperative days. Results: All 122 patients (median age, 70 years; 80 women [65.6%]) completed the trial. The incident delirium risk was 4.9% (n = 3) vs. 19.7% (n = 12) in active-tDCS and sham-tDCS groups, respectively (relative risk, 0.250; 95% CI, 0.074 to 0.842; P = 0.013). Compared to the sham-tDCS group, the anxiety and depression scores of patients in the active-tDCS group were lower at 2 h and one day after surgery (P < 0.001 for each), and pain scores of patients in the active-tDCS group were lower during the first three days after surgery (P < 0.05). Conclusion: One session of anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may decrease the incidence of POD in elderly patients undergoing lower limb major arthroplasty.
Evaluating the efficacy and safety of transcranial pulse stimulation on adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder: Study protocol of a pilot randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Traditional treatment alone might not effectively control the severity of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) symptoms. Transcranial pulse stimulation (TPS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) technology used on older adults with mild neurocognitive disorders and adults with major depressive disorder. However, there has been no study conducted on young adolescents with ADHD. This will be the first nationwide study evaluating the efficacy and safety of TPS in the treatment of ADHD among young adolescents in Hong Kong. Methods: This study proposes a double-blinded, randomized, sham-controlled trial including TPS as an intervention group and a sham TPS group. Both groups will be measured at baseline (T1), immediately after the intervention (T2), and at the 1-month (T3) and 3-month follow-ups (T4). Recruitment: A total of 30 subjects aged between 12 and 17 years, diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), will be recruited in this study. All subjects will be computer randomized into either the intervention group or the sham TPS group on a 1:1 ratio. Intervention: All subjects in each group will have to undertake functional MRI (fMRI) before and after six 30-min TPS sessions, which will be completed in 2 weeks' time. Outcomes: Baseline measurements and post-TPS evaluation of the ADHD symptoms and executive functions will also be conducted on all participants. The 1- and 3-month follow-up periods will be used to assess the long-term sustainability of the TPS intervention. For statistical analysis, ANOVA with repeated measures will be used to analyze data. Missing data were managed by multiple imputations. The level of significance will be set to p < 0.05. Significance of the study: Results emerging from this study will generate new knowledge to ascertain whether TPS can be used as a top-on treatment for ADHD. Clinical trial registration: clinicaltrails.gov, identifier: NCT05422274.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation vs. high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke cognitive impairment: Protocol of a pilot randomized controlled double-blind trial$$$ Introduction: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS), a novel mode of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), has curative effects on patients with post-stroke cognitive impairment (PSCI). However, whether iTBS will be more applicable in clinical use than conventional high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is unknown. Our study aims to compare the difference in effect between iTBS and rTMS in treating PSCI based on a randomized controlled trial, as well as to determine its safety and tolerability, and to further explore the underlying neural mechanism. Methods: The study protocol is designed as a single-center, double-blind, randomized controlled trial. Forty patients with PSCI will be randomly assigned to two different TMS groups, one with iTBS and the other with 5 Hz rTMS. Neuropsychological evaluation, activities of daily living, and resting electroencephalography will be conducted before treatment, immediately post-treatment, and 1 month after iTBS/rTMS stimulation. The primary outcome is the change in the Montreal Cognitive Assessment Beijing Version (MoCA-BJ) score from baseline to the end of the intervention (D11). The secondary outcomes comprise changes in resting electroencephalogram (EEG) indexes from baseline to the end of the intervention (D11) as well as the Auditory Verbal Learning Test, the symbol digit modality test, the Digital Span Test findings, and the MoCA-BJ scores from baseline to endpoint (W6). Discussion: In this study, the effects of iTBS and rTMS will be evaluated using cognitive function scales in patients with PSCI as well as data from resting EEG, which allows for an in-depth exploration of underlying neural oscillations. In the future, these results may contribute to the application of iTBS for cognitive rehabilitation of patients with PSCI.
Multi-modal rehabilitation therapy in Parkinson's disease and related disorders$$$ Long-Term use of dopaminergic therapy in Parkinson's disease (PD) is associated with reduction in efficacy and disabling dyskinesias. The current medical or surgical treatment modalities are ineffective for atypical parkinsonism syndromes. Hence, there is a need for holistic and cost-effective non-pharmacological interventions that act via multiple mechanisms to improve motor as well as non-motor symptoms among PD patients. Rehabilitation strategies focusing on multiple mechanisms can lead to improvement in certain symptoms among PD patients, which may be refractory to medical and surgical therapy. However, there is scanty literature available on the role of various rehabilitation strategies in patients with atypical parkinsonism patients. Multiple rehabilitation strategies such physiotherapy, aerobic exercises, strength/resistance exercises, treadmill training, cueing, dance and music, speech language therapy, occupational therapy, hydrotherapy, and martial arts have been found to improve motor as well as non-motor symptoms among PD patients. Newer modalities such as virtual-reality-based devices, exergaming, wearable sensors, and robotic prosthetic devices may be exciting future prospects in rehabilitation among patients with PD and atypical parkinsonian syndromes. This narrative review assessed and summarized the current evidence regarding the role of various rehabilitation strategies in PD and atypical parkinsonian syndromes. Furthermore, evidence regarding recent advancements in rehabilitation for patients with parkinsonism was highlighted. Despite the beneficial effect of rehabilitation in PD, there is still scanty literature available from India on rehabilitation strategies among PD patients. Larger prospective randomized control trials from India and other low-and middle-income countries, focusing on various rehabilitation strategies among PD patients, are an unmet need.
The modulation of attentional control with HD-tDCS: A systematic comparison of electrode positioning$$$ Symposium title: Systematic comparisons of non-invasive brain stimulation protocols to promote cognition Symposium description: Non-invasive brain stimulation can improve cognitive functions. It remains unclear which are the optimal stimulation parameters when targeting different cognitive functions in different clinical and healthy populations. Multiple studies have assessed the clinical and neurophysiological effects of different stimulation parameters. However, protocols may still be optimised to improve the results. Therefore, in this symposium, we will review studies that have systematically varied electrode positioning, inhibition or facilitation, stimulation intensities, or that have directly compared different approaches (e.g., conventional vs. high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation; HD-tDCS) to modulate cognitive functions in healthy or in clinical populations. The goal is to give an overview of best possible protocols for different cognitive functions which can be relevant for anyone working in the field of aging or mental disorders in which these functions are impaired. We will start the session with Nadine Schmidt (M.Sc.) who will present data in healthy elderly volunteers. In her study, frontal or parietal regions were stimulated with HD-tDCS (anodal or cathodal at 1mA) to find the optimal protocol for enhancing attentional control. Simone Weller (M.Sc.) will then present a study in which healthy young volunteers received anodal or cathodal tDCS of 1 or 2 mA over the left or right prefrontal cortex to enhance cognitive control. Sven Passman (Ph.D.) will follow to present a study in which healthy young adults received either theta transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) or beta-tACS at frontal or parietal regions to enhance memory functions. Finally, Ali Salehinejad (Ph.D.) will present a study which compared conventional tDCS to HD-tDCS in patients with depression to find the optimal protocol for enhancing executive dysfunction. Abstract Our ability to pursue inner goals or inhibit responses to irrelevant stimuli is referred to as attentional control. Attentional control comprises different cognitive functions including inhibitory control, shifting, or divided attention, all of them being highly relevant for a range of higher cognitive abilities. Older adults often tend to be impaired in several of these functions and consequently in attentional control. Previous studies found that conventional transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) increased attentional control in older adults. However, it exhibits a bidirectional modulation on a relatively broad area of the brain. In contrast, high definition tDCS (HD-tDCS) allows focal stimulation but studies using HD-tDCS in older adults are rare. In addition, these studies did not systematically compare different electrode positions to optimize effects on attentional control. In this ongoing double blind, sham-controlled, and parallel group study, we will systematically modulate activity in three different brain areas with HD-tDCS to assess which of these protocols optimally enhances attentional control. A total of n = 105 healthy older volunteers (60-75 years of age) will be included and randomly assigned to one of seven groups: each participant will receive either cathodal, anodal, or sham HD-tDCS over the left or right inferior frontal gyrus, or the right superior parietal gyrus for 20 min (1mA). During and after stimulation, participants will complete a range of attentional control tasks. So far, we have included n = 58 participants. Preliminary results indicate particularly beneficial effects of right hemispheric – but not left hemispheric - cathodal stimulation. Our findings will provide a better understanding of the role frontal and parietal regions have in attentional control. This may translate to interventions to counteract cognitive decline in old age. Research Category and Technology and Methods Basic Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: Attentional control, HD-tDCS, Cognitive control, Aging
Bilateral insular deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (dTMS) for improving negative symptoms of Schizophrenia: A proof-of-concept study$$$ Abstract Introduction: Negative symptoms of schizophrenia are disabling and poorly respond to conventional antipsychotic treatment. Medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) & anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) are postulated to be hypo-functioning in schizophrenia patients with predominant negative symptoms. Meta-analyses suggest mixed results of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of negative symptoms. Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS), a newer modality, includes all the benefits of rTMS with the advantage of stimulating deeper brain targets. Recent studies demonstrated the beneficial effects of excitatory dTMS in OCD symptoms via stimulating mPFC and ACC using H7 (Hessel’s) coil. We postulate that similar beneficial effects can be seen in schizophrenia patients with predominant negative symptoms. Objectives: To examine whether modulation of bilateral insular region by modifying mPFC-ACC activity using dTMS improve negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Methods: This is a sham-controlled, rater and subject blinded study. 20 patients with schizophrenia with predominant negative symptoms are randomly allocated to active and sham group. Treatment consists of 10 sessions of high frequency (10 Hz) dTMS was given at 100% of resting motor threshold (RMT) or sham dTMS over two weeks using H7 coil. Negative symptoms are assessed with Scale for Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS) and Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale for Schizophrenia (PANSS). Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia was used to rule out secondary depressive symptoms. Assessments were done at baseline (day1), after completion of dTMS (2 weeks) and 4 weeks after completion of dTMS (6 weeks). Result and Discussion: Preliminary analysis over 21 cases (11 in active and 10 in sham group) who completed the study revealed significant improvement in negative symptoms over 06 weeks of treatment. Detailed and complete results would be shared at the time of presentation. Discussion would follow presentation of complete results. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: dTMS, Schizophrenia, Negative symptoms, mPFC-ACC
Optimized HD-tDCS protocol for clinical use in patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Abstract Application of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been increased in neuropsychiatric disorders, specially depression, in the last decade. Despite promising results, clinical efficacy of tDCS is still under debate and researchers and clinicians try to maximise efficacy by developing optimised/individualised protocols and/or controlling confounding variables. High-definition tDCS has recently been proposed for a more focal stimulation of targeted regions. In this randomised clinical trial, we optimised a stimulation protocol for increasing and decreasing activity in the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. 40 patients with major depression were recruited and randomly assigned to active (N=20) or sham (N=20) stimulation. Patients in each group received 30 sessions of active or sham tDCS 5 days per week. HD-tDCS protocol included 8 channels with 2 mA intensity with a maximum total current set to 4.0 mA. Symptoms severity (measure by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale- HDRS and Beck Depression Inventory- BDI) were assessed before the intervention, right after the intervention, and 1 and 3 months following the intervention. Cognitive functions (working memory, executive function, emotion recognition task) as well as resting EEG were also assessed before and after the intervention. Compared to sham, the active tDCS group showed significantly reduced depressive symptoms up to 3 months following the intervention. Cognitive functions also improved in the active group and the intervention was associated with changes in the functional connectivity in some of the networks involved in cognitive control. These data suggest that optimising HD-tDCS might maximise therapeutic efficacy in targeted groups. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: HD-tDCS, Depression, tES, Modeling
Closed-loop phase-locked rTMS treatment decreases global cortical excitability in major depressive disorder patients$$$ Abstract Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to be an effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). Although considerable clinical data have supported its efficacy, its exact mechanism of action and optimal combination of stimulation parameters remains unclear. Recent research suggests that the delivery of rTMS causes long-term inhibition and excitation of neurons in varied brain areas. Additionally, interest has steadily grown for using neurophysiologic measures of cortical excitability as a biomarker for the outcomes of rTMS treatment of MDD. Under the hypothesis that EEG alpha phase is an index of excitation and inhibition across or within a network, our group developed a novel closed-loop system where an rTMS pulse train can be triggered at a specific phase of each patient's prefrontal EEG alpha rhythm to optimize treatment outcomes. Twenty-four MDD patients were randomly assigned to either the phase synchronized or unsynchronized treatment group at the beginning of treatment. Changes in global mean field power were used to characterize cortical excitability in response to rTMS administration. During the six-week daily rTMS treatment period, we observed that global cortical excitability changes within the quasi-alpha band (6-13 Hz) at rest are related to the treatment outcomes for both groups. Notably, the group received synchronized treatment showed higher decreases in cortical excitability after each session compared to the unsynchronized group. More importantly, within the synchronized treatment group, treatment weeks with a greater decrease in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression showed significant paired (before vs. after daily treatment) excitability decreases. Our findings provide additional evidence for the hypothesis that changes in excitability are related to the mechanism of action of rTMS, and cortical excitability can serve as a reliable biomarker in rTMS treatment outcomes. Moreover, our closed-loop phase-locking rTMS delivery system can induce reduction in excitability, and thus might help increase treatment efficacy. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: rTMS, MDD, EEG-synchronization, cortical excitability
Accelerated (twice daily) low frequency rTMS for treatment-resistant auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia$$$ Abstract Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has emerged as a therapeutic solution in patients with schizophrenia presenting with treatment-resistant auditory verbal hallucinations. Despite promising clinical results in the literature, the optimal stimulation parameters remain unclear, especially for patients with clozapine-resistant symptoms. Here, we proposed to use the same parameters of stimulation over the left temporoparietal junction than those we successfully used in patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder when targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. In an open label retrospective study, 14 participants with treatment-resistant hallucinations, including 9 under clozapine, received 30 sessions of 1 Hz rTMS (360 pulses per sessions delivered with 60 sec ‘on’ and 30 sec ‘off’ at 110% of the resting motor threshold. The 30 stimulations sessions were delivered over 3 consecutives weeks, 2 sessions per day. Stimulations were applied over the left temporoparietal junction according to 10/20 EEG system (halfway between T3 and P3). After rTMS, a significant decrease of auditory verbal hallucinations was observed (-38.7% ± 31.8, p = 0.003). The beneficial effects were also significant in the 9 patients who received clozapine (-34.9% ± 28.38, p = 0.01) on the auditory hallucination rating scale (AHRS). Accelerated, low frequency, rTMS with 30 sessions over 3 weeks, appears to be a suitable approach to decrease treatment-resistant auditory verbal hallucinations of schizophrenia, including in patients with clozapine-resistant symptoms. Results from the current retrospective study in the clinical settings need to be confirmed by large scale randomized sham-controlled trials. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: schizophrenia, hallucination, rTMS, accelerated
Transcranial magnetic stimulation-induced heart-brain-coupling: implications for site selection and frontal thresholding$$$ Symposium title: Precision-TMS in Depression: Symptom, fMRI, EEG and heart-brain biomarkers. Symposium description: Psychiatry is transitioning from a one-size-fits all, DSM-IV/5 or ICD-10 dominated psychiatry to a future of precision or personalized psychiatry, informed by Research Domain Criteria (RDoC) or transdiagnostic Hierarchical Taxonomy of Psychopathology (HiTOP) approaches. While current clinical practice still relies mostly on a ‘stepped care’ model, where selection of treatments is mostly informed by initial efficacy and side effects, recent work is demonstrating the possibility to use various biomarkers to optimize treatments. These will be reviewed in more detail in this symposium. Here we focus on fMRI, EEG and heart-brain derived measures that can aid in more ‘precise’ approach to rTMS in depression, such as 1) symptom-specific circuits (Siddiqi); 2) EEG based biomarkers that can help stratify between various brain stimulation treatments (Voetterl); 3) Heart-Brain coupling as a measure to identify the frontal vagal pathway and frontal excitability thresholds in depression (Dijkstra); and 4) Improving clinical outcomes and treatment accessibility for rTMS in depression (Downar). Abstract Background: Neuro-cardiac-guided TMS (NCG-TMS) employs rTMS-induced heart rate deceleration to confirm activation of the frontal-vagal pathway. Here we test a novel NCG-TMS method (2.0) that utilizes heart-brain-coupling (HBC) to quantify rTMS-induced entrainment of the inter-beat-interval as a function of TMS cycle-time. Since prior NCG-TMS studies indicated no association between motor and frontal excitability threshold, we also introduce using HBC to establish individualized frontal excitability thresholds for optimally dosing frontal TMS. Objective: To investigate whether NCG-TMS 2.0 should be used for target stratification and frontal-thresholding to optimize rTMS treatment. Methods: In study 1 we validated iTBS-induced HBC (2s iTBS-on; 8s off: HBC=0.1Hz) in fifteen MDD patients from a double-blind placebo-controlled study. In study 2, HBC was measured in ten healthy subjects during the 10Hz "Dash” protocol (5s 10Hz-on; 11s off: HBC=0.0625Hz) applied with fifteen increasing intensities to four evidence-based TMS locations (Beam and 5CM rule, both hemispheres). Results: Using blinded ECG-based HBC-analysis, we successfully identified sham from real-iTBS sessions (accuracy=83%) and found a significantly stronger HBC at 0.1Hz in active compared to sham iTBS (d=1.37). In study 2, clear dose-dependent entrainment (p=.002) was observed at 0.0625Hz in a site-specific manner. On group average data, a bimodal distribution became evident with a high and low frontal-threshold subgroup, differing 12% in machine output. Conclusions: We demonstrated rTMS-induced HBC as a function of TMS cycle-time for two commonly used clinical protocols. Results demonstrated clear individual site-specificity and dose-response effects, indicating that this is a potentially valuable method for clinical rTMS site-stratification and frontal-thresholding. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: Heart-Brain Coupling, rTMS, Frontal-Vagal network, NCG-TMS
Predictive value of MRI-informed brain age matrices to rTMS effects in neurocognitive disorder with depression$$$ Abstract Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has become increasingly popular to treat different types of brain diseases. However, one major challenge in real-world clinical practice is that the treatment responses to rTMS are highly variable across individuals. Neuroanatomical factors explaining the heterogeneity of rTMS effects are less investigated. In this secondary analysis, we quantified and examined the predictive matrices of estimated brain age in the responses to rTMS in elderly patients. Methods: Fifty-five elderly patients with co-occurring cognitive impairments and depression were randomly assigned to receive a 3-week treatment of either active rTMS or sham rTMS. Based on structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans, estimated brain age was calculated with the morphometric features using support vector machine. “Brain Age Gap Estimation” (BrainAGE) score was computed as the difference between brain age and chronological age. Results: In the context of advanced chronological age, the rTMS responders and remitters had younger brain age than non-responders and remitters. Every additional year of BrainAGE at baseline decreased the odds of 3-week depression amelioration by ∼25.7% in responders (Odd ratio [OR] = 0.743, Nagelkerke R2 = 0.392, p = 0.045) and by ∼39.5% in remitters (OR = 0.605, Nagelkerke R2 = 0.606, p = 0.022) in active rTMS group. Conclusions: Pre-treatment BrainAGE in patients with major neurocognitive disorders may index macro-level brain features, relevant to inter-individual variability in treatment responses to rTMS. These findings highlight the need for an assessment of pre-treatment MRI-informed brain features when advising and selecting the patients for rTMS treatment. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: TMS, brain age, cortical features, randomized controlled trial
rTMS combined with CBT as a next step in antidepressant non-responders: a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches$$$ Symposium title: Efficacy and side-effects of brain stimulation treatments in depression Symposium description: In this symposium we present a range of clinical data on efficacy and side effects for brain stimulation treatment (ECT & rTMS) for the treatment of mood disorders. This symposium focuses on the comparative efficacy of different antidepressant treatment strategies (antidepressants, rTMS, ECT) and clinical predictors of response and side effects, that will help clinicians in providing the optimal treatment for their depressed patients.We present the first results of multicenter randomized controlled trial (the DETECT study) of 90 patients with MDD that were randomized to either rTMS or the next pharmacological step within the current treatment protocol (a switch to a tricyclic antidepressant or augmentation with lithium or a second-generation antipsychotic). Both groups also received CBT. The trial consisted of 8 weeks of unblinded treatment followed by follow-up of the cohort at four, 6, 9 and 12 months. Data from a ECT database (N=459) are presented in which the level of of treatment resistance is investigated with respect to outcome to ECT, the number of ECT sessions and the percentage of switches to bilateral ECT. In a large cohort of MDD patients (n=634), neuropsychologically test before and after ECT, the pre-treatment predictors of cognitive side-effects after treatment with electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depression are investigated, along with the cognitive changes directly after ECT and during a follow up periode of 6 months. Finally data are presented on the effectiveness of ECT and rTMS in a young age sample, indicating that brain stimulation is also viable treatment option in depressed adolescents and young adults. Abstract Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is one of the most common psychiatric disorders, however, current treatment options are insufficiently effective for about 35% of patients, resulting in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a form of non-invasive neuromodulation that is effective in treating TRD. Not much is known about the comparative efficacy of rTMS and other treatments and their timing within the treatment algorithm, making it difficult for the treating physician to establish when rTMS is best offered as a treatment option. This study aimed to investigate the (cost-)effectiveness of rTMS (in combination with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and continued antidepressant medication), compared to the next step in the treatment algorithm. This was done in a sample of patients with treatment resistant non-psychotic unipolar depression. Methods: In this pragmatic multicenter randomized controlled trial 90 patients with MDD were randomized to either rTMS or the next pharmacological step within the current treatment protocol (a switch to a tricyclic antidepressant or augmentation with lithium or a second-generation antipsychotic). Both groups also received CBT. The trial consisted of 8 weeks of unblinded treatment followed by follow-up of the cohort at four, 6, 9 and 12 months. The primary outcome was change in HDRS-17 score, secondary outcomes included response and remission percentages. Results: a significant difference in HDRS-17 score after 8 weeks of treatment was seen, in favor of rTMS (p<.001). Response and remission percentages were substantially higher in the rTMS group (41%; 28%) as opposed to the group receiving pharmacological treatment (13%; 4%). Discussion: rTMS was shown to be a more effective treatment option than pharmacological treatment in patients with TRD. The results may improve treatment outcomes in patients with TRD and may facilitate adoption of rTMS in the treatment algorithm for depression and its implementation in clinical practice. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: MDD, rTMS, RCT
Development and testing of a novel IoT consumer tDCS device for the treatment of primary dysmenorrhea$$$ Abstract Background: Women’s health is a neglected area of healthcare, with limited investment and technology development in the field. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a form of non-invasive brain stimulation, applied across the fields of depression and pain treatment. In recent years, primary dysmenorrhea (PDM), or menstrual pain, has been suggested as a target for tDCS neuromodulatory therapies. PDM is experienced by up to 90% of women of reproductive age and can result in significant dysfunction. However, all existing studies to date had small sample sizes and were unfeasible in at-home settings, where the need for interventions is highest. This study describes the development, technical, usability and clinical testing of a Bluetooth-controlled, IoT consumer-focused tDCS device, the Samphire Hairband, for the at-home treatment of PDM. Methods: Device development and technical testing: Steps and industry standards followed in the development of the Samphire Hairband to deliver state-of-the-art tDCS for PDM. Usability and clinical testing: Sixteen participants were recruited for at-home usability testing. Thirty-four patients with PDM were randomised in a double-blind trial into sham and active groups to receive five applications of tDCS over a one-week period. The primary outcome measure was pain (VAS). Secondary outcome measures were cognitive and physical tests (IBD, 6MWT, WHOQOL, PANAS, HAS, BDI, PSST, SSS-8, PGI). Baseline, tDCS treatment and post-intervention data were collected across three menstrual cycles. Results: Based on preliminary testing, the Samphire Hairband is an effective way to deliver tDCS for PDM patients at-home. Stimulation of cortical areas related to pain is expected to decrease the perception of pain in the menstrual cycle phase of greater pain sensitivity. An improvement in the functionality and mood of the participants is predicted. Final data analyses based on the double-blind randomised controlled trial results are to be presented at the conference. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: tDCS, primary dysmenorrhea, IoT, women's health
DBS of the subcallosal cingulate for treatment resistant depression: role of the psychiatrist in patient selection, surgical approach and clinical management in the acute and chronic setting$$$ Symposium title: Psychiatric and psychological management of patients receiving neuromodulation for treatment resistant psychiatric disorders Symposium description: There is a renewed interest in the development of clinical trials in neuromodulation, both industry as well as public funding agencies. Even for indications where the FDA has granted approval, like deep brain stimulation (DBS) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), there are few guidelines that help clinicians manage patients who carry a higher level of complexity, due to their treatment-resistance, severity, and/or chronicity. This symposium will have a strong clinical emphasis to guide psychiatrists and psychologists and other clinicians who might treat this patient population. The presenters have vast clinical experience working with patients receiving TMS and DBS for OCD and depression. During their presentations they will describe how to adequately select patients, choose stimulation parameters, decide on the timing for clinical interventions such as specific psychotherapeutic approaches, and navigate both acute phases (usually during the initial phases of clinical trials) as well as in the long-term management of clinical issues coming up in patients with implanted devices. Abstract Deep Brain Stimulation of the subcallosal cingulate (SCC DBS) for treatment-resistant depression has been reported to be effective for two decades. Multiple case series demonstrated antidepressant efficacy with maintained success over time. However, an industry-sponsored multicenter, randomized controlled trial was halted prematurely after a futility analysis predicted limited probability of success. In that study, there was no difference between sham and active stimulation at 6 months. Since then, there have been new insights in the understanding of factors that might have played a role in the lack of success. Namely, a better approach to the anatomical placement of the DBS leads using tractography, and an accumulated experience in the patient selection and clinical management of patients has been accrued, as well as advances in electrophysiology that correlate with the changes in mood. These findings will be key in the management of patients receiving DBS, informing clinicians in the selection of stimulation parameters. The US Food and Drug Administration has granted Breakthrough Designation for SCC DBS to be investigated, opening the possibility of a renewed interest in demonstrating the efficacy of this technology that has been successful in other circuit-based neuropsychiatric disorders. The presentation in this symposium will focus on the role of the psychiatrist in all aspects of the investigation of DBS in depression, including patient selection, intraoperative testing and target selection, initial parameter determination, and clinical management of the initial phases as well as the chronic and long-term management of these patients, based on 15 years of clinical management of over 40 DBS patients, with new insight from advanced ancillary tools that can assist the clinician. This symposium is particularly timely given the renewed interest of funding agencies and industry in the neurosurgical management of treatment-resistant psychiatric disorders. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 1. Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) Keywords: DBS, Treatment Resistant Depression
Modest early reduction in depression severity predicts treatment non-response with 10 Hz and accelerated theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression.$$$ Abstract Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and theta burst pattern rTMS (TBS) are evidence-based therapies for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Randomized trials of rTMS and TBS in TRD indicate 40-50% treatment response rates. There is value in predicting the likelihood of treatment response/non-response early in rTMS and TBS treatment courses. Methods: We analysed prospective data from a multisite randomized trial (n = 299) comparing the antidepressant efficacy of 20 sessions of daily left-sided 10 Hz rTMS applied over 4 weeks with 20 sessions of accelerated bilateral TBS applied over 10 days. Depression severity was measured using the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology, clinician- and self-rated versions (QIDS-C and QIDS-SR). Negative predictive values (NPV) were generated one week into treatment using percentage QIDS improvement cut-offs as predictors for eventual non-response (< 50% improvement in QIDS at week 4 from baseline). Results: Less than or equal to 10% improvement in QIDS at week 1 had the highest NPV for treatment non-response in courses of both rTMS and accelerated TBS. The QIDS-C and QIDS-SR NPVs for daily 10 Hz rTMS at week 1 were, respectively, 77.8% and 70.0%. The QIDS-C and QIDS-SR NPVs for accelerated bilateral TBS at week 1 were, respectively, 84.6% and 84.0%. Although early non-response to accelerated TBS tended to have higher NPVs than early non-response to daily 10 Hz rTMS, differences did not reach statistical significance (P > 0.05 on chi-square and Fisher’s exact tests). Conclusion: Early treatment non-response (≤ 10% improvement in QIDS one week into treatment) can predict treatment non-response to 10 Hz rTMS and accelerated bilateral TBS with 70-85% predictive value. The early identification of potential treatment non-responders may be a practical and useful strategy to guide modification(s) to rTMS protocols and/or other optimization of individuals’ depression treatment plans to improve clinical outcomes. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: transcranial magnetic stimulation, prediction, depression, theta burst stimulation
Home-based transcranial direct current stimulation combined with behavioral therapy delivered through smartphone to treat major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial$$$ Abstract Major depressive disorder (MDD) is the leading cause of disability worldwide. First-line treatments, antidepressants, and cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), have significant side effects and limited availability, respectively. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been studied in the last two decades as a therapeutic alternative for MDD. tDCS demonstrates good efficacy, safety and tolerability, both as monotherapy and associated with antidepressants and/or psychotherapy. tDCS is a simple procedure that can be performed at home with remote supervision and can possibly be enhanced by combining it with self-directed CBT modalities via smartphone applications. We will present data from a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial aiming to evaluate the efficacy, safety, tolerability and usability of home-based tDCS combined with behavioral therapy (BT) delivered through smartphone. The study includes 3 arms: (1) active tDCS + active BT, (2) active tDCS + placebo BT and (3) sham-tDCS + placebo BT. Twenty-one sessions of home-based tDCS + BT will be applied, for 6 weeks,, in patients between 18-59 years, diagnosed with MDD, without contraindications for tDCS, with a smartphone for personal use and internet access at home. Participants are not asked to washout of antidepressant to enter the study. The active tDCS protocol will include daily tDCS sessions at 2mA, for 30 minutes, with the anode and cathode positioned over the left and right prefrontal cortex, respectively. The Flow (Flow Neuroscience, Malmö, Sweden) tDCS equipment and BT application will be used. The results of this study will contribute to the development of home-based tDCS systems, offering a better understanding of the combined effects of tDCS with potentiating strategies (e.g. BT), known to modulate the functioning of key areas in the neurobiology of MDD, such as the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: tDCS, Home-based, RCT, Behavioral Therapy
Heart-brain coupling in a randomized controlled trial of Stanford Neuromodulation Therapy: preliminary results and future directions.$$$ Abstract Introduction: Stanford Neuromodulation Therapy (SNT) is an effective new TMS treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) which relies on an fMRI algorithm to generate a target in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC). A method of reliably targeting this circuit without neuroimaging could decrease costs. Growing evidence suggests this circuit is connected to the heart, and heart rate changes can indicate target engagement during TMS. Neuro-Cardiac-Guided (NCG) TMS-2.0 derives a heart-brain coupling (HBC) factor, a measure of rTMS-induced entrainment of heart rate. Here, we applied this approach to data generated by SNT. Methods: Twenty-two participants with TRD underwent SNT treatment at Stanford in a sham-controlled trial. During treatment sessions, electrocardiogram (ECG) recordings were collected (NCG-ENGAGE, Neurocare). Three participants were excluded for low-quality ECG. The first heart rate recording from each of the remaining nineteen participants was given to a blinded analyst who used the NCG-derived HBC to predict their active/sham status. These same values were then correlated with clinical outcome measures in an exploratory fashion using Spearman’s rho. Results: The analyst generated HBC values that predicted active/sham conditions with 89.5% accuracy. Correlations between HBC values and clinical outcome measures included: HAMD6 total score at (IP) timepoint (rs=-.583, p=.009), MADRS total score at IP timepoint (rs=-.626, p=.004), MADRS total score at Week 2 Post timepoint (rs=-.501, p=.034), MADRS total score at Week 3 Post timepoint (rs=-.544, p=.020), HAMD-21 total score at IP timepoint (rs=-.749, p<.001). Discussion: The HBC factor has a strong relationship with rTMS-entrainment of heart rate during SNT, and has significant non-parametric correlations with meaningful clinical outcomes. Research Category and Technology and Methods Translational Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: SNT, Heart-brain-coupling, iTBS, NCG-TMS
Combining Metacognitive Therapy and tDCS: preliminary results in patients with Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Abstract Background and aim: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and metacognitive therapy (MCT) can reduce depressive symptoms as monotherapies or associated with pharmacological treatment. Here, we investigated the effectiveness of combining these treatments in a group of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: So far, fourteen participants (10 females, Mage 43 ± 12) out of N= 54 estimated sample size were recruited at the Department of Neuroscience and Mental Health – Fondazione IRRCS Ca’ Granda Ospedale Maggiore Policlinico of Milano. All participants were under pharmacological treatment. They were randomly assigned to three groups receiving (i) real tDCS + sham MCT (n= 7); (ii) sham tDCS + MCT (n = 6) (iii) real tDCS + MCT (n= 1). The treatment lasted eight weeks, in which participants had one weekly MCT (groups ii and iii) or clinical interview session (group i) following the tDCS. TDCS was combined with attentional training (20 minutes, 1.5 mA, anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) and took place three times a week for the first three weeks and then once a week. Clinical standardized questionnaires measuring depressive symptoms, anxiety, worry, rumination, and meta-beliefs were administered before and after the treatment, two weeks, three, six, and twelve months after treatment’s end. Results: Due to sampling distribution, mixed effects models were run, including time and only two groups as fixed factors (i and ii) and participants’ random intercept. Outcome measures revealed an effect of time, showing symptoms reduction after the treatment. Crucially, our results suggested a more robust reduction of worry and negative beliefs in the group receiving MCT compared to the one receiving only tDCS. Conclusions: despite preliminary, our results suggest that MCT can effectively reduce core symptoms contributing to the development and maintenance of MDD. Completing data collection will allow disentangling whether tDCS can boost this effect. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: tDCS, Cognitive Behavioral Therapy, Major Depressive Disorder
To prime or not to prime: A pilot randomised control study on effect of adjunctive priming rTMS in late life depression$$$ Abstract Background: Therapeutic alternatives for treatment resistant late life depression (LLD) are limited. Although rTMS is one of the options, there has been no consensus on stimulation parameters. Priming rTMS (repetitive trans-cranial magnetic stimulation) is a novel paradigm found to be promising in adult depression with no data on its effect in LLD. Hence this study was conducted to investigate the effect of priming rTMS in LLD. Methods: Thirty-one patients of LLD who remained symptomatic after adequate trial of antidepressant were randomised into two groups; one group receiving adjunctive active priming rTMS (6 Hz rTMS at 80% motor threshold, 600 pulses followed by 1 Hz rTMS, 1200 pulses) and the other group receiving sham priming rTMS (simulation of priming with sham coil followed by 1 Hz rTMS, 1200 pulses) over right DLPFC (dorso lateral prefrontal cortex). Patients were blinded for group allocation and both groups received 10 sessions of 31 minutes each, over 2 weeks. Assessments were done at baseline, week 2 and at follow up, week 4. Results: On comparing between groups, depression severity improved better in active priming group than the sham priming group with mild effect size. Priming rTMS resulted in a response rate of 50% at the end of weeks 2 and 4, whereas sham priming group showed response rates of 26.7% and 6.7% respectively. Active priming group was found to be having a higher response rate at week 4 when compared to the sham priming group (p<0.015). Conclusion: Priming rTMS appears to have an effect not only on depression severity but also in maintaining the durability of response achieved, which paves way for further exploration into the underlying mechanisms. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: priming, rTMS, late-life, depression
Individualized intermittent theta burst stimulation for treatment of MDD$$$ Abstract Clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is limited to about 50-60% of patients and given that it is an expensive and prolonged treatment in which to engage, there is likely to be significant value in developments that enhance efficacy. Approaches have been progressively developed to improve response to rTMS through the implementation of methods to improve the personalization of treatment delivery. Although these have predominately focused on the targeting of stimulation delivery, treatment which is individualised based on the frequency of stimulation application has the potential to enhance efficacy through the more efficient induction of oscillatory activity in circuits of relevance to a specific disorder. One way to do this is in th determination of individual frequencies in the theta a gamma range for the application of intermittent theta burst stimulation in patients with major depressive disorder. In our approach, these are selected using EEG data collected during a working memory task used to activate fronto-parietal circuitry, and a theta-gamma coupling analysis. Pre-clinical data suggests that this approach can produce greater changes in prefrontal excitability (measured with TMS-EEG), mood and cognitive performance. Data from a proof – of concept randomized controlled trial in patients with MDD will also be presented. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: Theta burst, Personalized, TMS, EEG
Is individual variability in electrical field distribution related to demographic factors or clinical outcomes for treatment-resistant depression treated with rTMS ?$$$ Abstract Background: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive neurostimulation therapy indicated for numerous neuropsychiatric disorders, including treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Individual differences in anatomy result in variance in the induced electric field (EF) when applying a standard stimulation intensity to different subjects (Tzirini et al.,2022). Clinically, stimulation intensity is determined based on an individual’s motor threshold (MT), although it is unclear what the impact of EF distribution and magnitude is on clinical outcomes. This study aimed to characterize the rTMS-induced EF in individuals treated with high-frequency rTMS and investigate the relationship between, e-field, demographic, and clinical outcomes. Methods: The sample consisted of 60 subjects with TRD from the THREE-D clinical trial, who were randomized to daily high-frequency rTMS to the left DLPFC for 4-6 weeks (Blumberger et al., 2018). Treatment was delivered at 120% MT using a MagVenture B70 coil and targeted using the ANT neuronavigation system. SimNIBS was used to simulate the rTMS-induced EF in subject head models, which were created using “headreco” with T1-weighted anatomical scans collected at baseline. Results: No statistically significant correlation was found between the focality of the induced EF (R2=0.003), nor the maximum induced EF (R2=0.001), and improvement in depressive symptoms. Demographic and clinical variables, including age, sex, and medication use, were not significantly associated with focality (p>0.094 for all) or max EF (p>0.23 for all). These variables were also not associated with MT (p>0.071 for all). Finally, there was no relationship between EF focality and maximum induced EF (R2=0.011). Conclusions: The results suggest that individual anatomical variation might not impact clinical outcomes when using 120% MT to treat depression. Further work will be done using the entire 385 subject sample from the THREE-D study to confirm results and further identify any outliers. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: Electric field modelling, Electric field distribution, Clinical outcomes, Treatment-resistant depression
Decreased regional postictal perfusion after electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures measured with arterial spin labelling$$$ Abstract Background: The postictal state may result from cerebral hypoperfusion as a consequence from seizure-triggered vasoconstriction. Here, we explore this hypothesis using data from patients with major depressive disorder treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We recently argued that the postictal state in these patients shows similar characteristics as observed in patients with epilepsy. Earlier work suggested that regional perfusion decreases postictally in frontal brain areas and increases in the thalamus follow ECT-induced seizures. Methods: We used arterial spin labelling magnetic resonance imaging (ASL-MRI) before and one hour after ECT-induced seizures to quantify postictal cerebral blood flow (CBF). Per patient, one postictal CBF-map was compared to a baseline CBF-map. We performed an explorative full-factorial whole-brain voxel-wise analysis of variance to determine perfusion changes over time, while correcting for age, sex, and electrode placement. Data were part of a prospective, three conditions cross-over trial, with randomized condition allocation, open-label treatment, and blinded end-point evaluation (NL68690.091.18). Results: Twenty-one patients were included. In this preliminary analysis, we found decreased regional postictal perfusion in the left inferior and middle temporal gyrus, the left medial and middle frontal gyrus, and two clusters in the right superior frontal gyrus (p <0.05; cluster-level corrected). Compared to baseline, no significant increases in postictal cerebral perfusion were noted. Regional voxel-wise analyses of the thalamus did not yield significant perfusion changes (Mean baseline = 36.7 [SD = 12.3], Mean postictal = 39.9 [SD 14.3]). Conclusion: We find regional postictal perfusion decreases in select frontal and temporal brain areas which supports the postictal hypoperfusion hypothesis. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 2. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Keywords: arterial spin labelling, major depressive disorder, postictal state, electroconvulsive therapy
Revisiting the efficacy of neurostimulation by accounting for subjective belief of receiving active treatment$$$ Abstract In recent years, there has been debate about the effectiveness of treatments from different fields, such as neurostimulation, neurofeedback, brain training, pharmacotherapy, and vaccines. This debate is fuelled by contradictory and nuanced experimental findings. The effectiveness of a given treatment is usually evaluated by comparing the effect of the active treatment versus the placebo on human health and/or behaviour. However, this approach neglects the individual’s subjective experience of the type of treatment s/he received in establishing treatment efficacy. Here, we show that individual differences in subjective treatment—the thought of receiving the active or placebo condition during an intervention—can explain variability in outcomes better than the actual treatment. Specifically, we analysed three independent datasets (N=323 participants), including clinical patients (i.e., depression: Experiment 1 & 2) and healthy adults (Experiment 3) from different age groups (young and old adults: Experiment 1; old adults: Experiment 2; young adults: Experiment 3), exposed to different neurostimulation treatments (transcranial magnetic stimulation: Experiment 1 & 2; transcranial direct current stimulation: Experiment 3). Our findings consistently show that the inclusion of subjective treatment provides better model fit than objective treatment alone - the condition to which participants are assigned in the experiment. These results, demonstrate the significant contribution of subjective experience in explaining the variability of clinical, cognitive and behavioural outcomes. Based on these findings, we advocate for universal implementation of accounting for participants’ subjective experiences when assessing the efficacy of treatments in basic and translational science. Research Category and Technology and Methods Basic Research: 26. Other Methods Keywords: TMS, tDCS, Blinding, Psychiatric disorders
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Refractory Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Treatment: A Randomized Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Abstract Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a complex disorder with 40 to 60 % of patients resistant to treatment. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising neurostimulation technique that has shown to induce potent and long lasting effects on cortical excitability. The present study evaluated the therapeutic efficacy and tolerability of cathodal tDCS over the supplementary motor area (SMA) in treatment-resistant OCD patients using a double blind, sham-controlled design. Methods: Forty-five treatment resistant OCD outpatients were randomized to receive either active tDCS or sham tDCS for 2 weeks (5 sessions per week). Each treatment session consisted of 2 mA stimuli for 30 min. The cathode was positioned over the SMA and the anode over the right supra orbital area. Patients were evaluated at baseline, at the end of treatment (Day 14), one-month follow up (Day 45) and three-month follow up (Day 105). Response to treatment was defined as at least a decrease of 35% on the Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS) and a score of 2 or less on the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement (CGI-I) between baseline and 1-month follow-up. Results: Patients that received active tDCS achieved a significant reduction of OCD symptoms than sham tDCS, with mean (SD) Y-BOCS score changes of 8.43 (6.20) and 4.52 (5.06) points, respectively (p = 0.02). Responder rates were not different between the two groups at 1 month follow-up (tDCS 29 % versus sham 24 %; p = 0.349). Depressive and anxious symptoms improvements were similar in the two groups. The treatment was well tolerated. Conclusion: Our results suggest that cathodal tDCS over the SMA is an effective and well tolerated add-on strategy in treatment-resistant OCD. Further studies are needed to identify the optimal parameters to be used in OCD patients. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: OCD, tDCS, supplementary motor area, Treatment
Cerebellar iTBS for Bipolar Disorder: A Randomized, Controlled Trial of Safety, Feasibility, and Preliminary Effects on Mood and Cognition$$$ Abstract Background: Cerebellar connections to the prefrontal cortex are implicated in mood regulation and cognitive function. Preliminary data exists suggesting that intermittent theta burst (iTBS) stimulation applied to the midline cerebellum can affect mood and cognition in patients with psychiatric disorders, but these effects have not been characterized in subjects with bipolar disorder. Objective: Evaluate the safety, feasibility, and efficacy of applying iTBS to the midline cerebellum in subjects with bipolar disorder. Methods: Patients with bipolar disorder were recruited for a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial of 10 sessions of iTBS (two per day) targeting the cerebellar vermis. Primary outcome was change on the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale. Secondary outcome measures focused on safety, feasibility, affective and cognitive functioning. Follow up occurred immediately post-treatment and at 1, 3, and 8 weeks. Results: Per-protocol analysis revealed significant improvements in depression severity in the sham and active treatment arms immediately post-treatment in the full cohort (n=30, p=0.001 and p=0.006, respectively) and in the depressed subsample receiving sham but not active (n=21, p<0.001 and p=0.09, respectively). Sham response remained significant at 1 week and 3 week follow-up time points. Active response reached significance at the 8 week follow-up. Improvement was noted in other emotional and cognitive measures. No group by time interaction effects survived multiple comparisons correction. Conclusions: iTBS of the midline cerebellum is safe, feasible, and tolerable in subjects with bipolar disorder. Both sham and active cerebellar iTBS result in significant improvements in mood and cognition, suggesting large placebo and learning effects. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: Cerebellum, TMS, Bipolar Disorder, Mood
Radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder$$$ Abstract Background: Image-guided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown clinical effectiveness in senior adults with co-occurring depression and cognitive impairment, yet the imaging markers for predicting the treatment response are less investigated. In this clinical trial, we examined the efficacy and sustainability of 10 Hz rTMS for the treatment of depression and cognitive impairment in major neurocognitive disorder (NCD) patients and tested the predictive values of imaging-informed radiomic features in response to rTMS treatment. Methods: Fifty-five major NCD patients with depression were randomly assigned to receive a 3-week rTMS treatment of either active 10 Hz rTMS (n=27) or sham rTMS (n=28). Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) was the predefined treatment target. Based on individual structural magnetic resonance imaging scans, surface-based analysis was conducted to quantitatively measure the baseline radiomic features of left DLPFC. Severity of depression, global cognition and the serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) level were evaluated at baseline, 3-week, 6-week and 12-week follow-ups. Results: Logistic regression analysis revealed that advanced age, higher baseline cognition and randomized group were associated with the remission of depression. Increased cortical thickness and gyrification in left DLPFC were the significant predictors of clinical remission and cognitive enhancement. Conclusions: A 3-week course of 10 Hz rTMS is an effective adjuvant treatment for rapid ameliorating depressive symptoms and enhancing cognitive function. Pre-treatment radiomic features of the stimulation target can predict the response to rTMS treatment in major NCD. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: neurocognitive disorder, radiomics, transcranial magnetic stimulation, randomized controlled trial
Clinical TMS in US veterans decreases measures that predict suicide risk – across VHA update$$$ Abstract Background: The US Department of Veterans Affairs (VHA) identifies suicide prevention as a priority as data suggests veterans complete suicides at higher rates than the general population. A validated self-report measure of depression symptoms, the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ9), is routinely used throughout VHA as a screening tool. Two large-scale EMR/death registry studies by Simon et al (2013) and Louzon et al (2016) have established that higher levels of suicidal ideation as measured by PHQ9 item9 are associated with increasing risk of suicide in general populations and veterans, respectively. Moreover, Simon et al (2017) subsequently showed that a decrease in PHQ9-measured suicidal ideation was associated with decreased risk of suicide attempts over the following 90 days. At the 4th IBS conference we presented data showing that clinical TMS as practiced at a single VHA site (Pittsburgh, PA) decreased suicidal ideation as measured by PHQ9. In this follow-up investigation we evaluate a larger sample across 27 VHA sites. Methods: We performed a retrospective intention-to-treat, last-observation-carried-forward analysis of over 800 patients engaged in TMS treatment between 2017 and 2020, using only data obtained as part of routine care. PHQ9 total and PHQ9-item9 were included as response variables in separate mixed regression models with Treatment Phase (PreTMS, PostTMS) as fixed effect and Subject as random effect. Results: The proportion of TMS treated patients that were treatment Responders (=>50% decrease from PreTMS PHQ9 total score) or Remitters (postTMS PHQ9 total score < 5) was 33.9 and 15.9 percent, respectively. There were significant decreases in both total PHQ9 score and suicidal ideation with TMS treatment. Discussion: Clinical TMS as practiced across VHA likely decreased subsequent risk of suicide at least over the short term. Decreases in related depressive measures may also provide opportunity for further treatment engagement in these high-risk veterans. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: Suicide, Veterans Health
White matter microstructure predicts tDCS antidepressant effects in a sham-controlled clinical trial study$$$ Abstract Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been used as a treatment for depression, but its effects are heterogeneous. In a subsample of the clinical trial Escitalopram versus Electrical Direct-Current Therapy for Depression Study (ELECTTDCS), we investigated whether white matter areas associated with depression disorder were associated with tDCS response. Methods: Baseline diffusion tensor imaging data were analyzed from 49 patients (34 females, mean age 41.9) randomized to escitalopram 20 mg/day, tDCS (2 mA, 30min, 22 sessions), or placebo. Antidepressant outcomes were assessed by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS) after 10-week treatment. We used whole-brain tractography for extracting white matter measures for rostrum, genu, rostral body of the corpus callosum, and bilaterally for cingulum bundle, striato-frontal, inferior occipito-frontal fasciculus and uncinate. Results: For the rostral body, the tDCS group showed higher MD associated with antidepressant effects (estimate = -5.13 ± 1.64, p =.002), with the tDCS significantly differing from the placebo and the escitalopram group. For the left striato-frontal tract, higher FA was associated with antidepressant effects (estimate = -2.14 ± 0.72, p =.003), and tDCS differed only from the placebo group. Conclusion: Abnormalities in white matter MDD-related areas are associated with tDCS antidepressant effects. Suggested better white matter microstructure of the left prefrontal cortex was associated with tDCS antidepressant effects. Future studies should investigate whether these findings are driven by electric field diffusion and density in these areas. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: Magnetic resonance imaging, Diffusion Tensor Imaging, Antidepressant response, Major depressive disorder
The shift changes of EEG microstate maps after a single session transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with depression$$$ Abstract Objective: To compare electroencephalogram mapping shift changes before and after transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in depressed patients. Methods: Depression patient group (DP) and healthy control group (HC) were included in this study. 1 mA, 20 min anodal electrode stimulation was performed on each subject. A crossover design was performed for each subject. As a crossover design, subjects were randomly divided into the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DP-DMPFC group and HC-DMPFC group) or the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DP-lDLPFC group and HC-lDLPFC group) anodic stimulation groups. Cathodal stimulation was applied to the left shoulder. We applied microstate analysis with five maps and calculated the duration and occurrence of each map. The microstate characters were compared between before and after stimulation in each four groups with using the Wilcoxon signed-rank test. Additionally, we investigated the correlation of Duration of microstate map 3 and HAM-D in DP-DMPFC and DP-DLPFC groups. Results: The duration of microstate map 3 was significantly prolonged in the DP-DMPFC group. The Occurrence of microstate map 1 was significantly decreased in the DP-DMPFC group and DP-DLPFC one. However, no significant change before and after stimulation was observed in the healthy subjects. As supplementally analysis, there was significant correlation between pre tDCS HAM-D score and duration of microstate map 3 in Depression-DLPFC group. Discussion: Previous paper showed that the occurrence of Class D was a decrease in depression patients. And this previous study also showed there was a significant correlation between the duration of microstate D and BDI score. This study may support our results. Conclusion: Microstate maps were changed in depressed patients with tDCS stimulation. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: tDCS, microstate map, EEG, mPFC
Intermittent theta burst stimulation to the primary motor cortex promotes symptomatic alleviation of non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease$$$ Abstract Background: Neuropsychiatric symptoms are a common manifestation of Parkinson’s Disease (PD), usually accompanied by a broad spectrum of other non-motor symptoms. Recent evidence proposes intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) as a novel non-invasive neuromodulation treatment to improve brain function in PD. However, the significance of its effectiveness remains unclear. Here, we conducted this research to study the effects on neuropsychiatric symptomatology after iTBS over primary motor cortex (M1). Methods: Eleven PD patients performed a randomized double-blind sham controlled crossover study of 5 continuous sessions of iTBS over bilateral M1. Patients were randomly divided into two groups: real iTBS and control (sham) stimulation. Posteriorly, they went on washout period for at least 3 months. Subsequently, patients were counterbalanced into the other group so they could receive the opposite stimulation condition that they had previously received. A full clinical, cognitive, and neuropsychiatric examination occurred prior and posterior (in different follow-ups moments) to stimulation. Results: Real bilateral M1 iTBS but not sham significantly improved mood, concretely depression and anxiety symptoms, which lasted during at least 1 month. Patients also manifested a decrement in behavioral disinhibition associated to iTBS. In the same way, an extensive improvement in motor sings was obtained for iTBS in comparison to sham. Furthermore, in long term iTBS might have an enhancing effect over the pharmacological effect, as patients manifested less associated complications when they received real ITBS in contrast to sham. Conclusions: In addition to the robust clinical effects on motor symptoms, bilateral M1 iTBS might also be used as an effective method to treat some frontal signs and mood symptomatology, specifically for the alleviation of depression and anxiety. Further investigation is needed in order to fully exploit active M1 iTBS as an adjunctive treatment for management of non-motor symptoms of PD. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: Intermittent theta burst stimulation, Parkinson’s Disease, Non-motor symptoms, Primary motor cortex
Cognitive Functioning in Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Improves with At-Home Online Training Paired with Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS): Results from a Sham-Controlled Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Abstract Background: Cognitive impairment is a common symptom in MS. tDCS paired with a cognitive training intervention may improve clinical outcomes. Objectives: To evaluate the cognitive outcomes in an RCT of active vs. sham tDCS paired with online adaptive cognitive training (aCT) in people with MS delivered as an at-home intervention. Methods: The study enrolled people with MS and fatigue without depression or severe cognitive impairment. Participants were randomized to either active (2.0 mA) or sham left anodal dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) tDCS paired with aCT (Posit Science’s BrainHQ) for 30 x 20-minute daily sessions over six weeks. Randomization was stratified by high or low neurologic disability. Sessions were completed at home and remotely supervised. The Brief International Cognitive Assessment in MS (BICAMS) was administered at baseline and end of intervention, with scores converted to demographics-adjusted z scores and averaged for composite score. Results: Participants were n=106 of total study sample of n=116 with cognitive assessments completed at both timepoints. Participants were aged 20 to 72 years, 81% female, with 63% relapsing subtype. There was a high treatment fidelity, with n=103 (99%) completing >25/30 tDCS+aCT sessions. Pre- to post-intervention change in BICAMS was greater and improved in the active (n=55) vs. sham (n=51) group (mean change in BICAMS z score=0.05 ± 0.54 vs. -0.17± 0.46, respectively, p=0.027). While the active tDCS benefit was observed in both high and low EDSS strata, there was a greater and significant change in BICAMS in the active vs. sham comparison for those with higher EDSS (n=23: 0.03 ± 0.56 vs. n=21: -0.41± 034, p=0.004) vs. lower EDSS (n=32: 0.07 ± 0.53 vs. n=30: 0.00 ± 0.47, p=0.595). Conclusions: Active vs. sham tDCS resulted in significantly better cognitive outcomes. The cognitive benefit was observed to be greater in those with higher vs. lower levels of baseline neurological disability. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: tDCS, rehabilitation, cognitive, at-home telehealth
Dimensional Antidepressant Response to Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation can be predicted using Resting-state Functional Connectivity: A Machine Learning Study$$$ Abstract Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for depression. Few studies, however, have evaluated whether antidepressant response to rTMS is predictable from pretreatment neuroimaging measures. Previous work has demonstrated that prediction of antidepressant response to other treatments is improved by modeling dimensional, rather than aggregate, changes in depressive symptoms. We used machine learning to predict rTMS-related changes in the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) total score and previously-identified dimensional subscales: core mood and anhedonia (CMA), somatic disturbances (SoD), and insomnia. Patients (n=26; 41.1±14.1 years; 50% male) received rTMS to the left DLPFC. Stimuli were delivered at 120% resting motor threshold at 10Hz for 36 sessions. Resting-state fMRI (rs-fMRI) scans were collected within 1 week of their first rTMS session and symptoms were assessed with the HDRS-17 on the first and last day of treatment. Pretreatment rs-fMRI scans were parcellated into 200 regions and regional global connectivity (GC) values were computed using graph theoretic methods. GC values were input to random forest regression (RFR) models to predict changes along the HDRS-17 total score and subscales. RFR models were trained and validated using 10-repeated 10-fold cross validation and model significance was assessed using permutation tests. Change in the CMA dimension alone was predicted significantly (R2= 0.19, q=0.005). Elevated GC of a division of the right somatomotor network (SMN), right dorsal prefrontal cortex division of the default mode network (DMN), and right precuneus/posterior cingulate DMN division predicted poorer symptom reduction. Elevated GC of the right dorsal attention network (DATTN) predicted reduced CMA symptoms. Our findings suggest that pretreatment connectivity of DMN, SMN, and DATTN subdivisions are predictive of dimensional antidepressant response to rTMS. Changes in core depressive symptoms were predicted more accurately than HDRS-17 total score. Future work will seek to replicate these findings in a larger sample. Research Category and Technology and Methods Translational Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: rTMS, Resting-state functional connectivity, Machine Learning, Depression
Effects of Anesthesia-ECT Time Interval on Seizure Quality and Clinical Outcome: An Interim Report on a Prospective Randomized Trial of AETI 150 sec vs. 240 sec$$$ Abstract Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has the largest effect size for treatment resistant depression and catatonia. However, because anesthetics in ECT have anticonvulsant effects, it is necessary to introduce them at a minimal dose while not interfering with seizure development. Therefore, we are conducting an RCT to elucidate effect of the anesthetic-ECT time interval(AETI) on seizure quality, efficacy, and tolerability. Methods: 50 patients were randomly assigned to {AETI=150sec} or {AETI=240sec}. Propofol was used as an anaesthetic, and the half-age method determined the initial stimulation dose. The SQC evaluated seizure quality on a 0-3-point scale. CGI-S and disease-specific clinical rating scales were used to evaluate improvement, including psychiatric symptoms. Other assessments used were MMSE for cognitive disability and ICDSC for delirium. This study was approved by our hospital's Ethics Committee and registered with UMIN-CTR (UMIN000043472). Results: The results of those who completed the analysis (n=17;depression 12, catatonia 5) showed that the mean SQC of {AETI=150sec} group was 1.85 pts, and the mean SQC of {AETI=240sec} group was 2.13 pts, with a significant difference between the two groups (p=0.002). The number of changes in stimulus settings, an indirect proof of inadequate seizures, was higher in the {AETI = 150 sec} group. There was no difference in CGI-S between the two groups, but there was a significant difference in the frequency of delirium after ECT in the {AETI=150sec} (20.8%) and the {AETI=240sec} group (16.9%) (p= 0.045). Conclusions: In an interim analysis, the quality of seizures during Propofol ECT is better in {AETI=240sec} group. There was no difference in efficacy, There was no difference in efficacy, but the risk of delirium was higher in {AETI=150sec} Limitations: This study is ongoing. We are still accumulating cases with the goal of finding an optimized clinical value for AETI and seizure quality. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 2. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Keywords: Electroconvulsive therapy, Anesthesia, Propofol, Time interval
Deep brain stimulation of the medial forebrain bundle in treatment-resistant depression: Preliminary results showing shift and sustained antidepressant effects$$$ Abstract Background: Despite adequate treatment with all conventional options, including electroconvulsive therapy, roughly 15% of patients with major depressive disorder fail to reach sustained response. Based on open label trials 40-50% of these patients do respond to Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS), in which electrodes are implanted for continuous neuromodulation of an intracranial target. However, results from randomised, controlled studies remain inconclusive. A relatively new target, the superolateral branch of the medial forebrain bundle (slMFB), may be a promising new target as small studies show response rates of up to 90%. We are currently running a longitudinal, open-label trial, followed by a randomized, double-blind crossover phase to replicate these findings. Here, we arepresenting preliminary results. Methods: Patients with treatment-resistant depression were implanted with bilateral electrodes in the slMFB. The 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating scale (HAM-D) and Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology – Self Rated (IDS-SR) were assessed at a preoperative baseline (T0), after implantation, but before the system was turned on (T1-off), after two weeks of stimulation (T1-on), and after parameter optimization at approximately 6 months of stimulation (T2). Random effects models were used to compare the HAM-D and IDS-SR scores between these different assessments. Results: A total of 11 patients were included and completed T0, T1-off, and T1-on. So far, eight of these patients have completed parameter optimization and subsequent T2 measurement. Baseline HAM-D was 26.2 [SD 7.0] and declined 9.9 [SD 8.1] points at T1-on (p<0.001) and 11.4 [SD 8.7] points at T2 (p<0.001). A decline of 2,8 [SD 7.8] points from T0 to T1-off was found statistically insignificant (p=0.24) and similar findings were found using the Self-Rated IDS-SR. Conclusion: These preliminary results suggest that slMFB DBS may potentially be an effective treatment for highly treatment-resistant depression. A remarkably swift antidepressant effect was found in comparison to other targets. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 1. Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) Keywords: Deep Brain Stimulation, Depression, Medial forebrain bundle
Brain mechanisms behind the anti-suicidal effects of accelerated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Symposium title: Attacking the suicide crisis: Toward neurophysiologic understanding, improved risk stratification, precise treatment response prediction, and intervening with therapeutic brain stimulation Symposium description: Suicide remains an obdurate problem internationally. Current practice utilizes clinical interview augmented with validated self-report measures to assess for suicidality and results in predictive values that are only slightly better than chance. Similarly, there are few effective treatments proven to rapidly abate suicidal crisis. Better predictive and treatment capabilities are both sorely needed. The presenters in this seminar intend to summarize research findings; including their own; pertaining to suicidal crisis prediction and treatment with therapeutic brain stimulation. We will discuss the neuroanatomical and neurophysiologic underpinnings of suicidal crisis with particular emphasis on neuroimaging and neural networks as they pertain to Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) and Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) effects. We will discuss the potential for reproducible, relatively simple, biologically based point-of-care tests to improve risk assessment diagnostic precision and predict treatment response including both pupillary light reflex (PLR) and heart rate variability (HRV). We will summarize what is known regarding the anti-suicide benefits of Electroconvulsive therapy, TMS/TBS and other brain stimulation techniques. Finally, we will discuss avenues for future research and close with a moderated question and answer period with panel members. Abstract Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (arTMS) is currently FDA approved for treatment-resistant depression. arTMS is a modified rTMS protocol in which multiple daily sessions are administered reducing the total time of stimulation from weeks to days. arTMS has been shown to produce similar or even better clinical effects than conventional daily stimulation protocols which are usually spread over a period of four to six weeks. The application of arTMS has been shown to rapidly reduce suicidal ideation in depression, even when applied in a placebo form. While this is of great interest, the neural mechanisms of action behind this rapid reduction in suicidal thoughts have yet to be determined. Here we will discuss how active and placebo accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) may influence different brain processes in relation to reducing suicidal thoughts. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 18. Functional Brain Imaging Keywords: TMS, Suicide, fMRI, Brain Perfusion
The influence of NIBS in the therapy of post-TBI symptoms: a meta-analysis$$$ Abstract Introduction: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a severe cause of disability with long-term sequelae (Ponsford et al. 2014). Standard neurorehabilitation treatments may not be sufficient to guarantee a good quality of life. Treatments with rTMS and tDCS are promising therapeutic options for neuropsychiatric conditions, including TBI sequelae (Lefaucheur et al. 2017; 2014). This study aims at providing a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effectiveness of rTMS and tDCS on post-TBI symptoms. Methods: Five different databases were consulted: MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, EMBASE, PsychINFO and Web of Science. 12 randomized controlled trials (RCT) that assessed the effects of rTMS or tDCS versus sham stimulation on clinical scales and questionnaires measuring post-TBI symptoms were selected. Symptoms were clustered into four groups: depression, anxiety, headache and cognitive dysfunctions. Standardized Mean Changes pre- and post-treatment were calculated. Correlated and Hierarchical Effects models were generated. Subgroup analyses considered the potential moderating effects of multiple variables (TBI severity, NIBS technique, stimulated hemisphere, stimulation frequency and intensity, total number of pulses, assessment time point). Results: There were only few and heterogeneous studies on the effects of rTMS and tDCS on TBI sequelae, with generally small sample sizes. Most studies targeted the DLPFC. Overall, effects of NIBS on the four symptoms clusters were small and did not reach statistical significance. Moderator variables did not have an influence on these results. Conclusions: There is little evidence for effectiveness of rTMS and tDCS concerning TBI sequelae treatment. Ineffectiveness of NIBS treatments might be related to a lack of personalization or insufficient stimulation dose (Cole et al. 2020). While rTMS and tDCS continue to emerge as promising tools for the treatment of neuropsychiatric conditions, more evidence should be gathered in the field of TBI sequelae. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: rTMS, tDCS, TBI, meta-analysis
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS)$$$ Abstract Background: Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) is a chronic pain condition occurring after trauma, even minor injuries. CRPS can be difficult to diagnose and treat, and its pathophysiology is incompletely understood. Diagnosis of CRPS is based on history and clinical examination. It is clinically divided in CRPS 1 (no nerve injury) and CRPS 2 (with nerve injury). Neuroplastic reorganization within the sensorimotor cortex is associated to and aggravates chronic pain in CRPS, leading to secondary motor symptoms and apraxia/neglect similar to stroke, as well as possible spread of the symptoms to additional extremities. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is in clinical use for e.g. neuropathic pain, stroke rehabilitation, and depression. Neuronavigated rTMS utilizing estimation of the induced electrical field (E-field) improves efficacy in neuropathic pain and depression, but it has not been studied in CRPS patients. The optimal cortical target site(s) and rTMS protocol for CRPS are neither known. Objectives: To study the efficacy of E-field-navigated rTMS with a new protocol targeted to the right parietal operculum on pain and function in CRPS patients in acute and long-term maintenance therapy compared with sham stimulation. To study the pathophysiological mechanisms of CRPS, and patient characteristics influencing rTMS-treatment results. Methods: In this prospective, randomized, placebo-controlled parallel group trial, we studied the therapeutic effects of rTMS with a 3-month follow-up at the Turku and Helsinki University Hospitals. Patients underwent clinical examinations before and after a 10-session serial treatment. Neurophysiological tests, mood, sleep and function were assessed at baseline and during follow-up. Results: 71 patients were recruited, 62 participated. Sixty patients underwent one-month control after the treatment period. Of these patients 45 had CRPS 1 and 15 CRPS 2. The results comparing the effects of sham and active treatment will be analyzed with repeated measures ANOVA, and presented in the poster. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 10. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Keywords: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), E-field navigation, Complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS)
Imaging-informed targeting approaches for NIBS in PPD$$$ Symposium title: A neglected condition: NIBS approaches for depressive symptoms during pregnancy and breastfeeding Symposium description: Depressive symptoms during pregnancy and breastfeeding are subject to special care. First, because failed intervention will result in maladaptive bonding patterns and impact the development of the offspring. Second, because a variety of treatment approaches during this period might present some challenges. ECT shows disadvantageous effects on the fetus and mother. Women might be resistant to pharmaco-treatment and professional psychological support is not always available. Since the beneficial treatment effects of NIBS applications have become more and more clear with improved methodological approaches, these techniques are very promising in terms of treating women with depressive symptoms during pregnancy and breastfeeding. In this symposium we will discuss recent advancements and applications of NIBS treatment during the peripartum period to treat depressive symptoms. First, we will discuss meta-analytical data providing multimodal imaging results on NIBS stimulation targets in PPD. Then we will discuss feasibility, safety and patient acceptance of home-based tDCS approaches during the peripartum period. This will be followed by presenting an RCT of home-based tDCS treatment for MDD highlighting the need to foster such approaches in specific patient populations. Finally, we will discuss how concurrent TMS/fMRI can be applied to personalize stimulation parameters to the female brain. This symposium aims at showing the potential of NIBS and imaging-guided personalization for the treatment of depressive symptoms during the peripartum period. It will mark an important step in tackling challenges in this neglected condition. Talk 1: Anna-Lisa Schuler Imaging-informed targeting approaches for NIBS in PPD Talk 2: Ana Ganho-Ávila Transcranial direct current stimulation in perinatal mental health: current status and future directions Talk 3: André Brunoni Home-based transcranial direct current stimulation combined with behavioral therapy delivered through smartphone to treat major depressive disorder: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled trial Talk 4: Martin Tik Interleaved TMS/fMRI for personalized gender-sensitive treatment Abstract Imaging-guided approaches for NIBS have been shown to provide improved outcomes in the treatment of major depressive disorder. These approaches are mainly based on the connectivity between anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using resting state fMRI data. In this meta-analytical approach, we were interested: 1. if the same pattern applies to a specific patient population, namely women with depressive symptoms during the peripartum period, 2. if there might be alternative targets to treat these patients, and 3. if this pattern holds for multimodal imaging conditions. Based on these questions we performed a systematic literature search including task-based and resting state fMRI data as well as tractography, cortical thickness and PET data. We then performed a meta-analysis based on activation likelihood estimation. In order to evaluate connectivity patterns between ACC and DLPFC we performed additional seed-based connectivity analysis based on large sample repository data. Modelling anticorrelations we could replicate earlier results suggested for MDD patients. Beyond that we will discuss alternative cortical targets beyond DLPFC. This talk will discuss targeting strategies for NIBS treatment for women during the peripartum period to improve treatment response. Research Category and Technology and Methods Translational Research: 18. Functional Brain Imaging Keywords: PPD, ALE, connectivity, target optimization
Moving to accelerated protocols of tDCS in schizophrenic catatonia: A case report$$$ Abstract This is a case report of a 74-year-old woman with catatonic schizophrenia who was treated with transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in place of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) during the Covid-19 pandemic that impacted access to ECT facilities. In 2021, the exceptional number of patients infected with SARS-Cov-2 led the French public hospital system to adjust its organization, temporarily redirecting anesthetists from ECT departments to ICUs. Our patient, who was hospitalized via the emergency department, presented schizophrenia with catatonic features. Due to the pandemic, ECT, which is considered the gold standard treatment for this condition, was not available. Therefore, tDCS, a neuromodulation technique that doesn’t require general anesthesia, was recommended for this patient, and was delivered at the relatively (compared to standard protocols) accelerated rate of five sessions a day, five days a week. This protocol was chosen as accelerated rTMS had been shown to be effective against depression in recent trials (Cole et al. 2021), and one study had also reported this exact protocol as effective and harmless for a patient with schizophrenia (Mondino et al. 2021). The Bush-Francis Catatonia Rating Scale (BFCRS) was used to evaluate the severity of the catatonia. After 49 sessions, the clinical response was meaningful, with a BFCRS score of 16, compared to 36 at baseline. We then moved to five sessions a day, three days a week, and then two days a week. After 80 sessions, we noted the complete disappearance of catatonia (BFCRS = 6). This case provides evidence for the feasibility and tolerability of accelerated tDCS for patients with catatonia. Accelerated tDCS represents a potential alternative to ECT in the treatment of catatonia, and needs further randomized clinical studies to confirm its efficacy. Research Category and Technology and Methods Clinical Research: 9. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) Keywords: tdcs, catatonia, covid-19, ECT
Cognitive outcomes of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: a randomized controlled study$$$ Background/aim: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a significant cause of workforce loss, and is associated with cognitive impairments which can continue even after the elimination of mood and behavioural symptoms. The aim of this study was to investigate the benefit of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) on cognitive functions in treatment resistant depression. Materials and methods: This randomised controlled clinical trial was conducted at a university hospital, department of psychiatry (tertiary centre) between October 2019 and July 2020. The study included 30 patients with depressive disorder, aged 18-50 years, who did not respond to at least two antidepressant medications for at least 8 weeks (one drug used was serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor [SNRI]; and 15 healthy control subjects. The patients were separated into two equal groups in a double-blind, random man-ner, and 20 sessions of repeated TMS was applied to one group, and 20 sessions of sham TMS to the other. The Montgomery Asberg Depression Scale (MADRS), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Stroop test, Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST), Digit Span Test (DST), Trail Making Test A-B, and Verbal Memory Processes Test (VMPT) were applied to the patients before and after the TMS procedure. Results: The decrease in the HAM-D score was greater in the active magnetic stimulation (25 trains, 10 Hz, 110% motor threshold intensity) group, and with the exception of verbal memory processes, better performance was obtained by the active magnetic stimulation group than the sham group in the cognitive function tests. Conclusion: TMS was seen toimprove the cognitive defects present in the active phase of treatment-resistant depression, and therefore TMS could provide early improvement in cognitive functions in clinical use.
A Systematic Review Assessing Patient-Related Predictors of Response to Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Objective: The safety and efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the acute treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) is well established. However, it is not well understood which patient-related factors are associated with a more robust antidepressant response. Identifying predictive factors for therapeutic response to TMS treatment in depression will guide clinicians in patient selection. Methods: By systematic review of clinical trial data, the current study aims to identify and analyze reported patient-specific predictors of response to an acute course of TMS treatment for MDD. PubMed was searched for randomized controlled trials of TMS for patients with depression. Studies were appraised for risk of bias using components recommended by the Cochrane Collaboration and the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses. Results: TMS data were available from 375 studies, 18 of which were included in this review. Treatment response is inversely associated with treatment refractoriness and age. Conclusion: Inadequate sample size and large heterogeneity in study parameters among clinical trials limit any strong conclusions from being drawn; nonetheless, despite these limitations, there is mounting evidence, which points to age and treatment refractoriness as candidate variables for predicting clinical outcome. Implications of these findings for treatment of MDD are discussed.
Increased thalamic gray matter volume induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Purpose: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective therapy in improving depressive symptoms in MDD patients, but the intrinsic mechanism is still unclear. In this study, we investigated the influence of rTMS on brain gray matter volume for alleviating depressive symptoms in MDD patients using structural magnetic resonance imaging (sMRI) data. Methods: Patients with first episode, unmedicated patients with MDD (n = 26), and healthy controls (n = 31) were selected for this study. Depressive symptoms were assessed before and after treatment by using the HAMD-17 score. High-frequency rTMS treatment was conducted in patients with MDD over 15 days. The rTMS treatment target is located at the F3 point of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Structural magnetic resonance imaging (sMRI) data were collected before and after treatment to compare the changes in brain gray matter volume. Results: Before treatment, patients with MDD had significantly reduced gray matter volumes in the right fusiform gyrus, left and right inferior frontal gyrus (triangular part), left inferior frontal gyrus (orbital part), left parahippocampal gyrus, left thalamus, right precuneus, right calcarine fissure, and right median cingulate gyrus compared with healthy controls (P < 0.05). After rTMS treatment, significant growth in gray matter volume of the bilateral thalamus was observed in depressed patients (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Bilateral thalamic gray matter volumes were enlarged in the thalamus of MDD patients after rTMS treatment and may be the underlying neural mechanism for the treatment of rTMS on depression.
A randomised sham-controlled study evaluating rTMS analgesic efficacy for postherpetic neuralgia$$$ Context: Postherpetic neuralgia (PHN) is a refractory neuropathic pain condition in which new treatment options are being developed. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may have the potential to reduce pain sensations in patients with postherpetic neuralgia. Objectives: This study investigated the efficacy on postherpetic neuralgia by stimulating two potential targets, the motor cortex (M1) and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Methods: This is a double-blind, randomised, sham-controlled study. Potential participants were recruited from Hangzhou First People’s Hospital. Patients were randomly assigned to either the M1, DLPFC or Sham group. Patients received ten daily sessions of 10-Hz rTMS in 2 consecutive weeks. The primary outcome measure was visual analogue scale (VAS) assessed at baseline, first week of treatment (week 1), post-treatment (week 2), 1-week (week 4), 1-month (week 6) and 3-month (week 14) follow-up. Results: Of sixty patients enrolled, 51 received treatment and completed all outcome assessments. M1 stimulation resulted in a larger analgesia during and after treatment compared to the Sham (week 2 – week 14, p < 0.005), as well as to the DLPFC stimulation (week 1 – week 14, p < 0.05). In addition to pain, sleep disturbance was significantly improved and relieved by targeting either the M1 or the DLPFC (M1: week 4 – week 14, p < 0.01; DLPFC: week 4 – week 14, p < 0.01). Moreover, pain sensations following M1 stimulation uniquely predicted improvement in sleep quality. Conclusion: M1 rTMS is superior to DLPFC stimulation in treating PHN with excellent pain response and long-term analgesia. Meanwhile, M1 and DLPFC stimulation were equally effective in improving sleep quality in PHN. Clinical trial registration: https://www.chictr.org.cn/, identifier ChiCTR2100051963.
Chronic stress, neuroinflammation, and depression: an overview of pathophysiological mechanisms and emerging anti-inflammatories$$$ In a subset of patients, chronic exposure to stress is an etiological risk factor for neuroinflammation and depression. Neuroinflammation affects up to 27% of patients with MDD and is associated with a more severe, chronic, and treatment-resistant trajectory. Inflammation is not unique to depression and has transdiagnostic effects suggesting a shared etiological risk factor underlying psychopathologies and metabolic disorders. Research supports an association but not necessarily a causation with depression. Putative mechanisms link chronic stress to dysregulation of the HPA axis and immune cell glucocorticoid resistance resulting in hyperactivation of the peripheral immune system. The chronic extracellular release of DAMPs and immune cell DAMP-PRR signaling creates a feed forward loop that accelerates peripheral and central inflammation. Higher plasma levels of inflammatory cytokines, most consistently interleukin IL-1β, IL-6, and TNF-α, are correlated with greater depressive symptomatology. Cytokines sensitize the HPA axis, disrupt the negative feedback loop, and further propagate inflammatory reactions. Peripheral inflammation exacerbates central inflammation (neuroinflammation) through several mechanisms including disruption of the blood–brain barrier, immune cellular trafficking, and activation of glial cells. Activated glial cells release cytokines, chemokines, and reactive oxygen and nitrogen species into the extra-synaptic space dysregulating neurotransmitter systems, imbalancing the excitatory to inhibitory ratio, and disrupting neural circuitry plasticity and adaptation. In particular, microglial activation and toxicity plays a central role in the pathophysiology of neuroinflammation. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) studies most consistently show reduced hippocampal volumes. Neural circuitry dysfunction such as hypoactivation between the ventral striatum and the ventromedial prefrontal cortex underlies the melancholic phenotype of depression. Chronic administration of monoamine-based antidepressants counters the inflammatory response, but with a delayed therapeutic onset. Therapeutics targeting cell mediated immunity, generalized and specific inflammatory signaling pathways, and nitro-oxidative stress have enormous potential to advance the treatment landscape. Future clinical trials will need to include immune system perturbations as biomarker outcome measures to facilitate novel antidepressant development. In this overview, we explore the inflammatory correlates of depression and elucidate pathomechanisms to facilitate the development of novel biomarkers and therapeutics.
Effects of low-frequency rTMS combined with antidepressants on depression in patients with post-stroke depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effect of low-frequency (≤1 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (low-frequency rTMS) combined with antidepressants on depression and the levels of inflammatory factors IL-6 and TNF-α in patients with post-stroke depression (PSD). Design: PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, Cochrane Library (CBM), China National Knowledge Infrastructure, Technology Periodical Database, and Wanfang Database were searched until October 2022 for randomized controlled trials. Participants: Patients with post-stroke depression (PSD) participated in the study. Results: A total of 16 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving 1,463 patients with PSD were included. According to the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) quality assessment, three studies received high quality (eight scores) and 13 RCTs received moderate quality (six scores) results. The meta-analysis showed that low-rTMS combined with an antidepressant significantly reduced the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) score and the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score, reduced IL-6 and TNF-α levels, and improved the MMSE score in PSD compared to an antidepressant alone. Conclusion: The results of this meta-analysis evidenced the efficacy and safety of low-rTMS combined with antidepressants in the treatment of depression in PSD patients. The combined therapy could reduce The depression state and the levels of IL-6 and TNF-α, and enhance the cognitive function of patients. In addition, low-rTMS had fewer adverse effects, proving safety. However, there are shortcomings, such as a lack of long-term follow-up, different intervention sites of low-rTMS, and different intervention frequencies (0.5 or 1 Hz). Thus, in the future, RCTs with a larger sample size and longer-term observation are required to verify the efectiveness of low-rTMS combined therapy on PSD. Meantime, a new meta-analysis could be analysized, which intervention sites and frequency are more effective in treating PSD. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/, identifier: CRD42022376845.
Effects of excitatory transcranial magnetic stimulation over the different cerebral hemispheres dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for post-stroke cognitive impairment: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Post-stroke cognitive impairment (PSCI) is a significant health concern. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is considered a promising rehabilitation therapy for improving cognition, and the effects of excitatory TMS on PSCI have received much attention in recent years. However, the effects of different cerebral hemispheres on excitatory TMS treatment of cognitive impairment have not been studied. This review aimed to study the effects of excitatory TMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) of different cerebral hemispheres on the cognitive function of patients with PSCI. Methods: Literature published in PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, Scopus, and Wiley from inception to September 30, 2022, were searched. Two researchers independently performed literature screening, data extraction, and quality assessment. Furthermore, we conducted a meta-analysis using RevMan software (version 5.4) and rated the strength of evidence using GRADEpro. Results: A total of 19 studies were included in this meta-analysis. The results showed that excitatory TMS over the left hemisphere DLPFC was significantly better in improving global cognition (SMD = 2.26, 95% CI 1.67–2.86, P < 0.00001; vs. SMD = 2.53, 95% CI 1.86–3.20, P < 0.00001), memory (SMD = 1.29, 95% CI 0.72–1.87, P < 0.0001), attention (SMD = 2.32, 95% CI 1.64–3.01, P < 0.00001), executive (SMD = 0.64, 95% CI 0.21–1.07, P = 0.004), P300 latency (SMD = 2.69, 95% CI 2.13–3.25, P < 0.00001), and depression (SMD = 0.95, 95% CI 0.26–1.63, P = 0.007) than that of the control group, but the effect on improving activities of daily living (ADL) was unclear (P = 0.03 vs. P = 0.17). Subgroup analysis further showed that excitatory TMS over the right hemisphere DLPFC was effective in improving the global cognition of PSCI patients (P < 0.00001), but the stimulation effect over the ipsilateral hemisphere DLPFC was unclear (P = 0.11 vs. P = 0.003). Additionally, excitatory TMS over the ipsilateral hemisphere DLPFC showed no statistical difference in improving ADL between the two groups (P = 0.25). Conclusions: Compared to other hemispheric sides, excitatory TMS over the left hemisphere DLPFC was a more effective stimulation area, which can significantly improved the global cognitive function, memory, attention, executive, P300 latency, and depression in patients with PSCI. There was no apparent therapeutic effect on improving activities of daily living (ADL). In the future, more randomized controlled trials with large-sample, high quality, and follow-up are necessary to explore a usable protocol further. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/, identifier: CRD42022369096.
Efficacy and safety of ketamine for the treatment of depressive symptoms in palliative care: a systematic review$$$ Objectives: Ketamine has a fast onset of action that may offer a paradigm change for depression management at the end of life. We aimed to synthesize evidence regarding the safety and efficacy of ketamine in depression treatment within a broad palliative care concept. Methods: We searched seven databases and included studies on the safety and efficacy of ketamine for depression treatment in patients diagnosed with any life-threatening disease. We also conducted a narrative review of the evidence. Results: Among 2,252 screened titles and abstracts, we included 32 studies in our final synthesis: 14 case reports, two case series, two quasi-experimental studies, and seven randomized clinical trials (RCTs), as well as data from three unpublished clinical trials and seven cases from four larger case series. Most case reports reported a robust effect; however, the larger studies reported conflicting findings. Five RCTs reported positive outcomes; however, four of them were focused on a perioperative setting. Two negative studies did not primarily focus on depression and did not apply severity cutoffs. Conclusion: Although ketamine is generally safe and potentially useful, its efficacy in palliative care settings remains unclear. It may be a reasonable alternative for perioperative depression in oncological patients.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex improves attentional control in chronically stressed adults$$$ Introduction: Chronic stress is a long-term condition that negatively affects cognitive ability and mental health. Individuals who experience chronic stress show poor attentional control. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) modulates executive function domains. Therefore, it is beneficial to investigate whether tDCS of the DLPFC could improve attentional control and relieve stress in chronically stressed individuals. Methods: We assess the event-related potentials (ERPs) associated with attentional control in individuals with chronic stress after the tDCS intervention. Forty individuals were randomly assigned to either the anodal tDCS group, which received 5 sessions of the 20 min tDCS over the DLPFC (2 mA; n = 20), or the sham tDCS (n = 20). Participants’ stress levels, anxiety, depressive symptoms, and state affects were assessed and compared before and after the intervention. The ERP was collected through electroencephalography (EEG) technology during an attentional network test. Results: After the anodal tDCS, we found a significant decrease in the perceived stress scale (PSS) scores (from an average score of 35.05 to 27.75), p = 0.01 as well as the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI) scores, p = 0.002. Better performance in the attentional network test, a significant reduction in the N2 amplitudes, and an enhancement in the P3 amplitudes (both cues and targets) were also found in the anodal tDCS group. Discussion: Our study findings suggest that tDCS to the left DLPFC could effectively relieve chronic stress, potentially reflected by increased attentional control.
Effect of Recurrent TMS and psychological therapy on Parkinson's Patient’s cognitive performance, anxiety, and depressed mood$$$ Objective: To look at the effects of cognitive function, anxiety, and depression on Parkinson's patients who receive psychosocial therapy along with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Methods: Between January 2020 and January 2022, our hospital took in a total of 100 Parkinson's disease patients, of which 50 were randomly divided into an observational control group and an experimental group using a number table. The experimental group employed a high-frequency (10Hz) rTMS combined psychological intervention treatment mode, while the control group used a low-frequency (0.5Hz) pseudo-rTMS combined psychological intervention treatment mode. The Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) and the Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) were used to evaluate emotional state, the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) was administered to evaluate cognitive function, and the European Research Quality of Life Core Questionnaire was administered to evaluate quality of life in order to make comparisons between treatment modalities and associated clinical conditions (EORTC QLQ-C30). Results: Comparing the experimental and control groups, the combined intervention significantly improved mood, anxiety, and sleep quality in the experimental group (P<0.05); There was no noticeable change (P> 0.05) prior to the therapy. After the combined intervention, the EORTC QLQ-C30 level in relation to the patients' quality of life was considerably higher in the experimental group than in the control group (P<0.05), and the total score in the experimental group was significantly higher than in the control group. Conclusion: Patients with Parkinson's disease benefit from psychological psychotherapy in combination with repeated rTMS, which significantly lowers anxiety and depression while improving quality of life, cognitive performance, and survival confidence.
Advances in the Pharmacological and Non-pharmacological Management of Non-motor Symptoms in Parkinson’s Disease: An Update Since 2017$$$ Background: Non-motor symptoms (NMS) are an important and ubiquitous determinant of quality of life in Parkinson’s disease (PD). However, robust evidence for their treatment is still a major unmet need. Objective: This study aimed to provide an updated review on advances in pharmacological, non-pharmacological, and exercise-based interventions for NMS in PD, covering the period since the publication of the MDS Task Force Recommendations. Methods: We performed a literature search to identify pharmacological, non-pharmacological, and exercise-based interventions for NMS in PD. As there are recent reviews on the subject, we have only included studies from the 1st of January 2017 to the 1st of December 2021 and limited our search to randomised and non-randomised (including open-label) clinical trials. Results: We discuss new strategies to manage NMS based on data that have become available since 2017, for instance, on the treatment of orthostatic hypotension with droxidopa, several dopaminergic treatment options for insomnia, and a range of non-pharmacological and exercise-based interventions for cognitive and neuropsychiatric symptoms, pain, and insomnia and excessive sleepiness. Conclusion: Recent evidence suggests that targeted non-pharmacological treatments, as well as some other NMS management options, may have a significant beneficial effect on the quality of life and need to be considered in the pathways of treatment of PD.
Effects of different transcranial magnetic stimulations on neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective non-invasive cortical stimulation technique in the treatment of neuropathic pain. As a new rTMS technique, intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is also effective at relieving pain. We aimed to establish the pain-relieving effectiveness of different modalities on neuropathic pain. The study was conducted in individuals with spinal cord injury (SCI) and different modalities of rTMS. Methods: Thirty-seven individuals with SCI were randomly allocated to three groups, in which the “iTBS” group received iTBS, the “rTMS” group received 10 Hz rTMS, and the “iTBS + rTMS” group received iTBS and 10 Hz rTMS successively of the primary motor cortex 5 days a week for 4 weeks, and they all underwent the full procedures. The primary outcome measure was change in the visual analog scale (VAS), and the secondary outcomes were measured using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) and the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). All the outcomes were evaluated at 1 day before stimulation (baseline), 1 day after the first week of stimulation (S1), and 1 day after the last stimulation (S2). Results: The VAS scores showed significant pain improvement after 4 weeks of stimulation (p = 0.0396, p = 0.0396, and p = 0.0309, respectively) but not after 1 week of stimulation. HAM-D scores declined, but the decreases were not significant until 4 weeks later (p = 0.0444, p = 0.0315, and p = 0.0447, respectively). PSQI scores were also significantly decreased after 4 weeks of stimulation (p = 0.0446, p = 0.0244, and p = 0.0088, respectively). Comparing the three modalities, VAS, HAM-D, and PSQI scores at S1 showed no differences, and, at S2, VAS scores showed significant differences (p = 0.0120; multiple comparisons showed significant differences between iTBS and iTBS + rTMS, p = 0.0091), while the HAM-D and PSQI scores showed no differences. Discussion: The primary and secondary outcomes all showed significant improvement, indicating that the three different modalities were all effective at relieving the pain. However, not all the three stimulations were of same effectiveness after treatment; there were statistical differences in the treatment of neuropathic pain between iTBS as a priming stimulus and as a single procedure.
Effectiveness of non-pharmacological treatments for postpartum depression: an umbrella review protocol$$$ Introduction Non-pharmacological treatments for postpartum depression have been investigated in various systematic reviews, and their efficacy has been evaluated. However, the quality of the evidence as a whole has not been quantified. The quality of this evidence may influence the choice of interventions and even cause misleading clinical decisions. This study aims to provide an objective presentation of the methodological bias and identify treatments supported by solid evidence. Methods and analysis For the purpose of conducting systematic reviews and meta-analyses, a comprehensive search of the relevant published literature will be conducted in English databases such as PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, PsycINFO and Scopus, as well as in four Chinese databases: the Chinese Biomedical Databases (CBM), Wan fang database, China National Knowledge Infrastructure and VIP Database (VIP). The time of publication will be limited from their inception to 31 May 2022. We will extract the following data from the included literature: title, first author, journal type of included literature, number and sample size, intervention/control measures, outcome indicators and main study outcomes. The Assessment of Multiple Systematic Reviews-2 will be used to measure the quality of the methods. In addition, we will use the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses statement to evaluate the quality of the reporting, as well as the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation to evaluate the quality of the evidence. PROSPERO registration number CRD42021285470.
Efficacy and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review$$$ Objective: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), which is a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), can produce 600 pulses to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in a stimulation time of just over 3 min. The objective of this systematic review was to compare the safety and efficacy of iTBS and high-frequency (≥ 5 Hz) rTMS (HF-rTMS) for patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Methods: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing the efficacy and safety of iTBS and HF-rTMS were identified by searching English and Chinese databases. The primary outcomes were study-defined response and remission. Results: Two RCTs (n = 474) investigating the efficacy and safety of adjunctive iTBS (n = 239) versus HF-rTMS (n = 235) for adult patients with TRD met the inclusion criteria. Among the two included studies (Jadad score = 5), all were classified as high quality. No group differences were found regarding the overall rates of response (iTBS group: 48.0% versus HF-rTMS group: 45.5%) and remission (iTBS group: 30.0% versus HF-rTMS group: 25.2%; all Ps > 0.05). The rates of discontinuation and adverse events such as headache were similar between the two groups (all Ps > 0.05). Conclusion: The antidepressant effects and safety of iTBS and HF-rTMS appeared to be similar for patients with TRD, although additional RCTs with rigorous methodology are needed.
Studying additive effects of combining rTMS with cognitive control training: a pilot investigation$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is an effective treatment for depression that has been proposed to work via the enhancement of cognitive control. Cognitive control training (CCT) can also alleviate depression by relying on DLPFC activation. As the additive effects of rTMS and CCT are unclear, we set out to conduct a within-subject pilot study in healthy controls. Methods: Seventeen participants received two sessions of individualized resting-state connectivity-guided high-frequency rTMS, while randomly performing CCT or a control task. After each session, a negative mood was induced. Results: We found effects on mood and cognitive control after rTMS + CCT as well as rTMS + control, which were indiscriminative between conditions. Based on the statistical evidence for the absence of an additive effect of CCT, we did not perform a full study. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate no differential effects of single sessions combining rTMS and CCT in a healthy population, even with the methodological improvement of individualized neuronavigation. The improvement in cognitive control seen in both conditions could indicate that a simple cognitive task is sufficient when studying additive rTMS effects. Future studies should focus on augmenting the effects of various cognitive tasks and compare the present interventions with rTMS or cognitive tasks alone.
Adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis$$$ Objective: This meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials (RCTs) was conducted to explore the therapeutic effects, tolerability and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as an adjunct treatment in adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder (FE-MDD). Methods: RCTs examining the efficacy, tolerability and safety of adjunctive rTMS for adolescents with FE-MDD were included. Data were extracted by three independent authors and synthesized using RevMan 5.3 software with a random effects model. Results: A total of six RCTs involving 562 adolescents with FE-MDD were included. Adjunctive rTMS was superior in improving depressive symptoms over the control group [standardized mean difference (SMD) = −1.50, 95% confidence interval (CI): −2.16, −0.84; I2 = 89%, p < 0.00001] in adolescents with FE-MDD. A sensitivity analysis and two subgroup analyses also confirmed the significant findings. Adolescents with FE-MDD treated with rTMS had significantly greater response [risk ratio (RR) = 1.35, 95% CI: 1.04, 1.76; I2 = 56%, p = 0.03] and remission (RR = 1.35, 95% CI: 1.03, 1.77; I2 = 0%, p = 0.03) over the control group. All-cause discontinuations were similar between the two groups (RR = 0.79, 95% CI: 0.32, 1.93; I2 = 0%, p = 0.60). No significant differences were found regarding adverse events, including headache, loss of appetite, dizziness and nausea (p = 0.14–0.82). Four out of six RCTs (66.7%), showed that adjunctive rTMS was more efficacious over the control group in improving neurocognitive function (all p < 0.05). Conclusion: Adjunctive rTMS appears to be a beneficial strategy in improving depressive symptoms and neurocognitive function in adolescents with FE-MDD. Higher quality RCTs with larger sample sizes and longer follow-up periods are warranted in the future.
Effect of Dexmedetomidine on Haemodynamic Response and Agitation Score in Modified Electro Convulsive Therapy (ECT): A Prospective Double‐Blind, Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a beneficial treatment for individuals with psychological disorders who may reject medication. This study aimed to investigate the effects of dexmedetomidine compared to a placebo as pre‐treatment options on the hemodynamic parameters and emergence of patients undergoing ETC. A prospective, randomized and double‐blinded trial was conducted, involving a total of 60 participants who were equally divided into two groups. Group N received a 10 min intravenous infusion of 100 mL of normal saline. Group D received a 10 min intravenous infusion of dexmedetomidine at a dose of 1 µg kgG1, diluted to a total volume of 100 mL. Various parameters, including heart rate (HR), mean arterial pressure (MAP), seizure duration, agitation score and time to discharge, were evaluated by the researchers. In Group N, the recorded heart rates at 5 and 10 min after the electrical stimulus were 113.30±18.79 and 111.37±15.58 beats per minute, respectively. In contrast, Group D exhibited heart rates of 93.63±14.83 and 94.57±20.15 beats per minute at the same time points, showing a significant difference (p<0.0001). Systolic blood pressure measurements after 5 min of ECT were 116.53±26.09 mmHg in Group D and 138.03±19.32 mmHg in Group N, indicating a significant difference (p<0.001). Diastolic blood pressure and mean arterial pressure were notably reduced in Group D following the induction and electrical stimulus. The duration of seizures was similar between both groups. Additionally, Group D showed an improvement in the Richmond Agitation‐Sedation Score. Dexmedetomidine effectively mitigates the impact on hemodynamic parameters during ECT, resulting in decreased emergence agitation without adverse effects on seizure duration or other complications. The administration of dexmedetomidine successfully attenuates changes in hemodynamic responses during ECT while also alleviating emergence agitation, without affecting the duration of seizures or introducing additional complications.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and their underlying neural mechanisms evaluated with magnetic resonance imaging-based brain connectivity network analyses$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive brain modulation and rehabilitation technique used in patients with neuropsychiatric diseases. rTMS can structurally remodel or functionally induce activities of specific cortical regions and has developed to an important therapeutic method in such patients. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) provides brain data that can be used as an explanation tool for the neural mechanisms underlying rTMS effects; brain alterations related to different functions or structures may be reflected in changes in the interaction and influence of brain connections within intrinsic specific networks. In this review, we discuss the technical details of rTMS and the biological interpretation of brain networks identified with MRI analyses, comprehensively summarize the neurobiological effects in rTMS-modulated individuals, and elaborate on changes in the brain network in patients with various neuropsychiatric diseases receiving rehabilitation treatment with rTMS. We conclude that brain connectivity network analysis based on MRI can reflect alterations in functional and structural connectivity networks comprising adjacent and separated brain regions related to stimulation sites, thus reflecting the occurrence of intrinsic functional integration and neuroplasticity. Therefore, MRI is a valuable tool for understanding the neural mechanisms of rTMS and practically tailoring treatment plans for patients with neuropsychiatric diseases.
The cognitive effects of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-onset depression: a randomized controlled trial with 4 week follow-up$$$ Objectives: Cognitive impairment is common and linked to poor outcomes in patients with late-onset depression (LOD). The cognitive effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for LOD are not well understood. This study aimed to investigate the effects of rTMS on cognitive function in elderly patients with LOD. Methods: In total, 58 elderly patients (aged 60 to 75 years) with depression were enrolled and randomly assigned to an active rTMS group or a sham group. The participants received active or sham rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 4 weeks, 5 days a week, at a frequency of 10 Hz rTMS and 120% of the motor threshold (MT). Cognitive function was assessed using the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) at baseline, the end of the 4 week treatment period, and at the 4 week follow-up. Results: The active rTMS group showed significant improvements in immediate memory and attention scores on the RBANS compared to the sham group. However, no significant differences were observed between the two groups in other cognitive domains assessed by the RBANS. No serious adverse events related to rTMS treatment were observed. Conclusion: Treatment with 120% MT rTMS was associated with improvement in cognitive defects related to the active phase of LOD. These findings suggest that rTMS could provide early improvements in cognitive function in clinical settings for elderly patients with LOD. Clinical trial registration: https://www.chictr.org.cn/showproj.html?proj=40698, identifier ChiCTR1900024445.
Brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Depression is one of the main public health problems in the world, having a high prevalence and being considered the main cause of disability. An important portion of patients does not respond to treatment with the initial trial of conventional antidepressants in the current depressive episode of moderate to severe intensity, which characterizes treatment-resistant depression. In this context, non-invasive neuromodulation procedures use an electric current or magnetic field to modulate the central nervous system, and they represent a new option for patients with treatment-resistant depression.
Effects of simultaneous transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation and high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation on disorders of consciousness: a study protocol$$$ Background: Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques are now widely used in patients with disorders of consciousness (DOC) for accelerating their recovery of consciousness, especially minimally conscious state (MCS). However, the effectiveness of single NIBS techniques for consciousness rehabilitation needs further improvement. In this regard, we propose to enhance from bottom to top the thalamic–cortical connection by using transcutaneous auricular vagus nerve stimulation (taVNS) and increase from top to bottom cortical-cortical connections using simultaneous high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) to reproduce the network of consciousness. Methods/design: The study will investigate the effect and safety of simultaneous joint stimulation (SJS) of taVNS and HD-tDCS for the recovery of consciousness. We will enroll 84 MCS patients and randomize them into two groups: a single stimulation group (taVNS and HD-tDCS) and a combined stimulation group (SJS and sham stimulation). All patients will undergo a 4-week treatment. The primary outcome will be assessed using the coma recovery scale-revised (CRS-R) at four time points to quantify the effect of treatment: before treatment (T0), after 1 week of treatment (T1), after 2 weeks of treatment (T2), and after 4 weeks of treatment (T3). At the same time, nociception coma scale-revised (NCS-R) and adverse effects (AEs) will be collected to verify the safety of the treatment. The secondary outcome will involve an analysis of electroencephalogram (EEG) microstates to assess the response mechanisms of dynamic brain networks to SJS. Additionally, CRS-R and AEs will continue to be obtained for a 3-month follow-up (T4) after the end of the treatment. Discussion: This study protocol aims to innovatively develop a full-time and multi-brain region combined neuromodulation paradigm based on the mesocircuit model to steadily promote consciousness recovery by restoring thalamocortical and cortical-cortical interconnections.
rePetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of dorsomedial Prefrontal cortex (dmPfc-rtms) in the treatment of dePressive disorder. review of clinical trials$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic (rTMS) is non-invasive neurostimulation method used in the treatment of major depression. Mostly applied is stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex using figure eight (butterfly) coil. In the last years, there is available new design of coil (double-cone coil) enabling deeper brain structures (dorsomedial prefrontal cortex, dorsal anterior cingulate) involved in pathophysiology of depression. Methods: The authors systematically searched the Medline database (https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov) according to predefined criteria and keywords. They identified open-label and double-blind studies evaluated efficacy and safety of dorsomedial prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (dmPFC-rTMS). Results: A total of 7 open-label and 4 double-blind studies were found. Double-cone stimulation has been proven as safe with good tolerability. Limited number of studies, their heterogeneity and inconclusive results do not allow do not allow to make a definite decision on effectiveness of dmPFC-rTMS in the treatment of depression. Conclusion: dmPFC-rTMS represents a promising tool for the treatment of major depression. However, further, adequately designed studies are needed to assess its effectiveness and position in the treatment of depression.
Transcranial alternating current stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: from basic mechanisms toward clinical applications$$$ Non-pharmacological treatment is essential for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) that is medication resistant or who are unable to take medications. Transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation method that manipulates neural oscillations. In recent years, tACS has attracted substantial attention for its potential as an MDD treatment. This review summarizes the latest advances in tACS treatment for MDD and outlines future directions for promoting its clinical application. We first introduce the neurophysiological mechanism of tACS and its novel developments. In particular, two well-validated tACS techniques have high application potential: high-definition tACS targeting local brain oscillations and bifocal tACS modulating interarea functional connectivity. Accordingly, we summarize the underlying mechanisms of tACS modulation for MDD. We sort out the local oscillation abnormalities within the reward network and the interarea oscillatory synchronizations among multiple MDD-related networks in MDD patients, which provide potential modulation targets of tACS interventions. Furthermore, we review the latest clinical studies on tACS treatment for MDD, which were based on different modulation mechanisms and reported alleviations in MDD symptoms. Finally, we discuss the main challenges of current tACS treatments for MDD and outline future directions to improve intervention target selection, tACS implementation, and clinical validations.
Ketamine versus ECT for Nonpsychotic Treatment-Resistant Major Depression$$$ BACKGROUND Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and subanesthetic intravenous ketamine are both currently used for treatment-resistant major depression, but the comparative effectiveness of the two treatments remains uncertain. METHODS We conducted an open-label, randomized, noninferiority trial involving patients referred to ECT clinics for treatment-resistant major depression. Patients with treatment-resistant major depression without psychosis were recruited and assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive ketamine or ECT. During an initial 3-week treatment phase, patients received either ECT three times per week or ketamine (0.5 mg per kilogram of body weight over 40 minutes) twice per week. The primary outcome was a response to treatment (i.e., a decrease of ≥50% from baseline in the score on the 16-item Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology.Self-Report; scores range from 0 to 27, with higher scores indicating greater depression). The noninferiority margin was .10 percentage points. Secondary outcomes included scores on memory tests and patient-reported quality of life. After the initial treatment phase, the patients who had a response were followed over a 6-month period. RESULTS A total of 403 patients underwent randomization at five clinical sites; 200 patients were assigned to the ketamine group and 203 to the ECT group. After 38 patients had withdrawn before initiation of the assigned treatment, ketamine was administered to 195 patients and ECT to 170 patients. A total of 55.4% of the patients in the ketamine group and 41.2% of those in the ECT group had a response (difference, 14.2 percentage points; 95% confidence interval, 3.9 to 24.2; P<0.001 for the noninferiority of ketamine to ECT). ECT appeared to be associated with a decrease in memory recall after 3 weeks of treatment (mean [±SE] decrease in the T-score for delayed recall on the Hopkins Verbal Learning Test.Revised, .0.9±1.1 in the ketamine group vs. .9.7±1.2 in the ECT group; scores range from .300 to 200, with higher scores indicating better function) with gradual recovery during followup. Improvement in patient-reported quality-of-life was similar in the two trial groups. ECT was associated with musculoskeletal adverse effects, whereas ketamine was associated with dissociation. CONCLUSIONS Ketamine was noninferior to ECT as therapy for treatment-resistant major depression without psychosis.
Effect of Memantine on Cognitive Performance of Patients with Mood Disorders under Electroconvulsive Therapy: a Triple-Blind Clinical Trial$$$ Background and purpose: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is commonly used in the treatment of psychiatric patients. However, it may cause cognitive disorders in patients undergoing the procedure. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of memantine on the alleviation of cognitive impairments in patients undergoing ECT. Materials and methods: In this triple-blind clinical trial, 60 patients with depression phase of unipolar or bipolar non polycystic disorder were randomly divided into two groups of 30. In the treatment group, the patients received memantine for the whole period of treatment starting 24 hours before ECT (starting dose 10 mg/day, increased to 20 mg/day within one week) and continuing until the sixth session of ECT. In the control group, the patients received the placebo. The cognitive performance of patients was assessed using the Mini Mental Status Examination (MMSE) and the Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination (ACE) 24 hours before the first ECT session, 24 hours after the sixth ECT session, and one month after the end of the ECT sessions. The study lasted 1.5 years. Results: The MMSE score at the end of the study period (one month after the completion of ECT) in the memantine group was significantly higher than the control group (P=0.008). However, there was no significant difference between the scores of ACE-R between the two groups after ECT. No significant relationship was found between the two groups in any of ACE-R items. Conclusion: According to the MMSE test, it seems that memantine reduces cognitive disorders in patients receiving ECT, but this finding was not observed in ACE-R.
The Montreal model: an integrative biomedical-psychedelic approach to ketamine for severe treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Subanesthetic ketamine has accumulated meta-analytic evidence for rapid antidepressant effects in treatment-resistant depression (TRD), resulting in both excitement and debate. Many unanswered questions surround ketamine’s mechanisms of action and its integration into real-world psychiatric care, resulting in diverse utilizations that variously resemble electroconvulsive therapy, conventional antidepressants, or serotonergic psychedelics. There is thus an unmet need for clinical approaches to ketamine that are tailored to its unique therapeutic properties. Methods: This article presents the Montreal model, a comprehensive biopsychosocial approach to ketamine for severe TRD refined over 6 years in public healthcare settings. To contextualize its development, we review the evidence for ketamine as a biomedical and as a psychedelic treatment of depression, emphasizing each perspectives’ strengths, weaknesses, and distinct methods of utilization. We then describe the key clinical experiences and research findings that shaped the model’s various components, which are presented in detail. Results: The Montreal model, as implemented in a recent randomized clinical trial, aims to synergistically pair ketamine infusions with conventional and psychedelic biopsychosocial care. Ketamine is broadly conceptualized as a brief intervention that can produce windows of opportunity for enhanced psychiatric care, as well as powerful occasions for psychological growth. The model combines structured psychiatric care and concomitant psychotherapy with six ketamine infusions, administered with psychedelic-inspired nonpharmacological adjuncts including rolling preparative and integrative psychological support. Discussion: Our integrative model aims to bridge the biomedical-psychedelic divide to offer a feasible, flexible, and standardized approach to ketamine for TRD. Our learnings from developing and implementing this psychedelic-inspired model for severe, real-world patients in two academic hospitals may offer valuable insights for the ongoing roll-out of a range of psychedelic therapies. Further research is needed to assess the Montreal model’s effectiveness and hypothesized psychological mechanisms.
Cardiovascular adverse reactions associated with escitalopram in patients with underlying cardiovascular diseases: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Despite the anticipated efficacy of escitalopram in treating depression and anxiety in individuals with preexisting cardiovascular conditions, persistent concerns regarding its adverse effects have emerged. In this systematic review, we aimed to evaluate the cardiovascular safety profile of escitalopram compared with that of placebo in patients with underlying cardiovascular disease. Methods: We used a predefined search strategy in PubMed, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Embase, International Clinical Trials Registry Platform, and ClinicalTrials.gov to identify studies evaluating adverse cardiovascular reactions to escitalopram in patients with underlying cardiovascular disease. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that provided results on cardiovascular safety outcomes were included. Two independent reviewers screened the abstracts and full texts of the individual studies. The risk of bias was assessed using version 2 of the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool for randomized trials. The certainty of evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation approach. Results: The primary outcomes were the frequency of major adverse cardiovascular events (MACE), QTc prolongation, and discontinuation of study medication. We identified 5 RCTs with 773 participants who met the inclusion criteria. Escitalopram was not associated with significantly increased risk of MACE (risk ratio [RR] = 1.85; 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.80 to 4.26; I2 0%; 5 RCTs; n = 773, moderate certainty of evidence), discontinuation of study medication (RR = 1.03; 95% CI 0.84–1.26; I2 0%; 5 RCTs; n = 773, low certainty of evidence), and QTc prolongation (RR = 1.20; 95% CI 0.76–1.90; I2 0%; 4 RCTs; n = 646, low certainty of evidence). Conclusion: Escitalopram does not significantly increase the risk of cardiovascular adverse reactions compared with placebo in patients with underlying cardiovascular disease. However, the presence of wide CIs and the limited number of included studies highlight the need for further studies with larger sample sizes to enhance the precision and reliability of these findings. Systematic review registration: International Prospective Register of Systematic Reviews [CRD42022298181].
Bipolar Disorder and Manic-Like Symptoms in Alzheimer’s, Vascular and Frontotemporal Dementia: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: An increased risk of manic episodes has been reported in patients with neu-rodegenerative disorders, but the clinical features of bipolar disorder (BD) in different subtypes of dementia have not been thoroughly investigated. Objectives: The main aim of this study is to systematically review clinical and therapeutic evidence about manic syndromes in patients with Alzheimer’s disease (AD), vascular dementia (VaD), and frontotemporal dementia (FTD). Since manic-mixed episodes have been associated to negative outcomes in patients with dementia and often require medical intervention, we also critically summarized selected studies with relevance for the treatment of mania in patients with cognitive decline. Methods: A systematic review of the literature was conducted according to PRISMA guidelines. PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science databases were searched up to February 2022. Sixty-one articles on patients with AD, VaD, or FTD and BD or (hypo) mania have been included. Results: Manic symptoms seem to be associated to disease progression in AD, have a greatly variable temporal relationship with cognitive decline in VaD, and frequently coincide with or precede cognitive impairment in FTD. Overall, mood stabilizers, and electroconvulsive therapy may be the most effective treatments, while the benefits of short-term treatment with antipsychotic agents must be balanced with the associated risks. Importantly, low-dose lithium salts may exert neuroprotective activity in patients with AD. Conclusion: Prevalence, course, and characteristics of manic syndromes in patients with dementia may be differentially affected by the nature of the underlying neurodegenerative conditions.
Neuroimaging and serum biomarkers of neurodegeneration and neuroplasticity in Parkinson’s disease patients treated by intermittent theta-burst stimulation over the bilateral primary motor area: a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, crossover trial study$$$ Background and objectives: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is a patterned form of excitatory transcranial magnetic stimulation that has yielded encouraging results as an adjunctive therapeutic option to alleviate the emergence of clinical deficits in Parkinson’s disease (PD) patients. Although it has been demonstrated that iTBS influences dopamine-dependent corticostriatal plasticity, little research has examined the neurobiological mechanisms underlying iTBS-induced clinical enhancement. Here, our primary goal is to verify whether iTBS bilaterally delivered over the primary motor cortex (M1) is effective as an add-on treatment at reducing scores for both motor functional impairment and nonmotor symptoms in PD. We hypothesize that these clinical improvements following bilateral M1-iTBS could be driven by endogenous dopamine release, which may rebalance cortical excitability and restore compensatory striatal volume changes, resulting in increased striato-cortico-cerebellar functional connectivity and positively impacting neuroglia and neuroplasticity. Methods: A total of 24 PD patients will be assessed in a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled crossover study involving the application of iTBS over the bilateral M1 (M1 iTBS). Patients on medication will be randomly assigned to receive real iTBS or control (sham) stimulation and will undergo 5 consecutive sessions (5 days) of iTBS over the bilateral M1 separated by a 3-month washout period. Motor evaluation will be performed at different follow-up visits along with a comprehensive neurocognitive assessment; evaluation of M1 excitability; combined structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), resting-state electroencephalography and functional MRI; and serum biomarker quantification of neuroaxonal damage, astrocytic reactivity, and neural plasticity prior to and after iTBS. Discussion: The findings of this study will help to clarify the efficiency of M1 iTBS for the treatment of PD and further provide specific neurobiological insights into improvements in motor and nonmotor symptoms in these patients. This novel project aims to yield more detailed structural and functional brain evaluations than previous studies while using a noninvasive approach, with the potential to identify prognostic neuroprotective biomarkers and elucidate the structural and functional mechanisms of M1 iTBS-induced plasticity in the cortico-basal ganglia circuitry. Our approach may significantly optimize neuromodulation paradigms to ensure state-of-the-art and scalable rehabilitative treatment to alleviate motor and nonmotor symptoms of PD.
Hair cortisol as outcome parameter for psychological and neuropsychiatric interventions—a literature review$$$ Background: Studies measuring hair cortisol concentration (HCC) have been increasingly conducted to document stress-related, endocrine changes aggregated over time. Previous studies have shown that HCC reflects abnormalities in the hypothalamic–pituitary-adrenocortical axis (HPA axis) in the context of somatic diseases, such as Cushing’s syndrome. HCC variations also reveal a corresponding alteration in HPA-axis-function in mental disorders, highlighting its potential role as a biomarker for interventions targeting mental health problems. Aims: The aim of this study was to investigate the role of HCC in various psychological and neuropsychiatric interventions and to explore the extent to which HCC can serve as a predictive or outcome parameter in such interventions by conducting a PRISMA-compliant review of the literature. Methods: From May to July 2022, the databases Web of Science, Google Scholar, PsychINFO, and ResearchGate were systematically searched using different combinations of relevant keywords. Studies of different types that examined HCC in the context of a wide range of psychological and neuropsychiatric interventions were included. Studies in languages other than English or German and animal studies were excluded. The MMAT tool was used, to assesses the Risk of bias. Results: The initial search identified 334 studies. After applying the inclusion and exclusion criteria, 14 publications with a total number of 1,916 participants were identified. An association between HCC and PTSD, depressive disorders, and ongoing social and family stress can be documented. The effect of relaxation techniques, mental training, CBT, or PTSD therapy on HCC has been studied with equivocal results. Some studies found decreased HCC after treatment, while others did not show a clear effect. Baseline HCC appears to be of particular importance. In some studies, higher baseline HCC was associated with increased treatment response, providing a predictive value for HCC. Discussion: HCC is increasingly being used as a biomarker for the mapping of psychological and neuropsychiatric interventions. However, due to the wide range of study populations and interventions, results are still heterogeneous. Nevertheless, HCC seems to be an encouraging biological parameter to describe the trajectory of different interventions aimed at improving mental health.
Why in hospital following transoral robotic lingual tonsillectomy?$$$ Background: The reported hospital length of stay (LOS) following transoral robotic surgery lingual tonsillectomy (TORS-L) is variable, with limited understanding of the factors requiring hospitalization and no evidence-based criteria for discharge. Aims/objectives: This observational cohort study investigated factors hindering discharge following TORS-L in a well-defined postoperative care program. Methods: Patients were included between August 2020 and October 2022. A discharge scheme was filled out twice daily, specifying the factor(s) for hospitalization among patients undergoing TORS-L. This trial was a sub-investigation of a national multicentre randomized clinical trial (RCT) testing the efficiency of high-dose dexamethasone on postoperative pain control. Participation in the RCT demanded admission to the fourth postoperative day as dexamethasone/placebo was given intravenously in repeated dosages till day 4 postoperatively. Results: Eighteen patients were included in the analysis. The main factor for hospitalization was nutritional difficulties, while pain was a limiting factor for discharge only on the first postoperative 1-3 days. More than half of the patients could have potentially been discharged on postoperative day 2 when omitting the RCT treatment plan in the analysis. Conclusion: The study estimates that the majority of patients may be discharged on postoperative day 2 following TORS-L.
Cortical thickness is related to working memory performance after non-invasive brain stimulation$$$ Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) probing the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to have little effect on working memory. The variability of NIBS responses might be explained by inter-subject brain anatomical variability. We investigated whether baseline cortical brain thickness of regions of interest was associated with working memory performance after NIBS by performing a secondary analysis of previously published research. Structural magnetic resonance imaging data were analyzed from healthy subjects who received transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), and placebo. Twenty-two participants were randomly assigned to receive all the interventions in a random order. The working memory task was conducted after the end of each NIBS session. Regions of interest were the bilateral DLPFC, medial prefrontal cortex, and posterior cingulate cortex. Overall, 66 NIBS sessions were performed. Findings revealed a negative significant association between cortical thickness of the bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and reaction time for both tDCS (left: P=0.045, right: P=0.037) and iTBS (left: P=0.007, right: P=0.007) compared to placebo. A significant positive association was found for iTBS and posterior cingulate cortex (P=0.03). No association was found for accuracy. Our findings provide the first evidence that individual cortical thickness of healthy subjects might be associated with working memory performance following different NIBS interventions. Therefore, cortical thickness could explain-to some extent-the heterogeneous effects of NIBS probing the DLPFC.
Beyond the surface: analyzing etomidate and propofol as anesthetic agents in electroconvulsive therapy—A systematic review and meta-analysis of seizure duration outcomes$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a widely used treatment for severe psychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, depression, and mania. The procedure involves applying brief electrical stimulation to induce a seizure, and anesthesia is used to ensure sedation and muscle relaxation. Finding the right anesthetic agent with minimal side effects, especially on seizure duration, is crucial for optimal outcomes because seizure duration is an important factor in the effectiveness of ECT, but the anesthetic agents used can affect it. Objective: This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to pool the results of all relevant studies comparing the two induction agents, etomidate and propofol, for motor and electroencephalogram (EEG) seizure duration outcomes. Methods: A comprehensive literature search was conducted in the PubMed, Medline, and Cochrane Library databases to identify the relevant articles. The primary outcome measures were motor and EEG seizure durations. Statistical power was ensured by performing heterogeneity, publication bias, sensitivity analysis, and subgroup analysis. Standard mean difference and 95% confidence intervals were calculated for continuous outcomes, and a random-effects model was used. Results: A total of 16 studies were included in this meta-analysis, comprising 7 randomized control trials (RCTs), 7 crossover trials, and 2 cohorts. The overall motor seizure duration was statistically significantly longer with etomidate than with propofol. The overall result for EEG seizure duration was also longer with the use of etomidate over propofol and was statistically significant. In addition, subgrouping was performed based on the study design for both outcomes, which showed insignificant results in the cohort's subgroup for both outcomes, while the RCTs and crossover subgroups supported the overall results. Heterogeneity was assessed through subgrouping and sensitivity analysis. Conclusion: Our meta-analysis found that etomidate is superior to propofol in terms of motor and EEG seizure duration in ECT, implying potentially better efficacy. Hence, etomidate should be considered the preferred induction agent in ECT, but larger studies are needed to further validate our findings.
The ventral capsule and ventral striatum—Stereotactic targets for the management of treatment-resistant depression. A systematic literature review$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is still an experimental treatment modality for psychiatric disorders including treatment-resistant depression (TRD). There is preliminary evidence that stimulation of brain reward circuit structures including the ventral striatum (VS) may exert an antidepressant effect. The main nucleus of the reward circuit is the nucleus accumbens (NAc). The NAc is a major structure of VS that plays a critical role in reward-seeking behavior, motivation, and addiction. Aims: This study aimed to review the current studies including randomized clinical trials, open-label trials, and case reports of NAc/VS and VC DBS for TRD in humans. Method: The literature was reviewed using a medical database—Medical Literature, Analysis, and Retrieval System Online (MEDLINE) on NAc/VS or VC DBS in TRD. The identified studies were assessed based on the patient's characteristics, clinical outcomes, and adverse events related to DBS as well as the stereotactic technique used to guide the implantation of DBS electrodes. The inclusion and exclusion criteria of DBS for TRD were presented and discussed. Results: The searched literature revealed one case report, three open-label studies (OLS), one multicenter open-label study (mOLS), and two randomized clinical trials (RCTs). There were three additional studies reporting the clinical outcomes in the long term in TRD patients included in the two mentioned RCTs. The total number of patients with TRD treated by NAc/VS or VC is estimated to be 85 individuals worldwide. The response rate to DBS defined as a 50% reduction of postoperative Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores was achieved in 39.8% of the operated patients (range, 23–53%). The remission defined as MADRS scores of < 10 was found in 17.8% after DBS (range, 0–40%). The mean follow-up was 19.7 months (range 3.7–24 months). Conclusion: The current results of NAc/VS and VC DBS are still limited by a relatively small number of patients treated worldwide. Nevertheless, the results suggest that NAc/VS and VC can be regarded as promising and efficacious targets for DBS, taking into account the response and remission rates among TRD patients with no other treatment option. The adverse events of NAc/VS and VC DBS are reversible due to the adjustment of stimulation parameters. The most common adverse events were hypomanic/manic states, suicidal thoughts/attempts, and suicides. Patients with TRD after NAc/VS and VC DBS should be strictly followed to prevent or diminish these stimulation-induced adverse events.
Ultrasound guided erector spinae plane block versus intrathecal morphine for analgesia following major hepatopancreaticobiliary surgery$$$ Background: Intrathecal morphine (ITM) has been evidenced to provide efficient analgesia for hepatopancreaticobiliary surgery (HPB) in the postoperative period. Despite its benefits, ITM carries certain risks, such as pruritus, postoperative nausea and vomiting, and of utmost importance, the possibility of delayed respiratory depression. We conducted this study to compare the effectiveness of bilateral erector spinae plane block (ESPB) and ITM for analgesia following major HPB surgery. Our hypothesis was that bilateral ESPB would lead to a significant reduction in opioid consumption within the first 24 hours following surgery, with a lower incidence of side effects. Methods: Forty patients with scheduled major HPB surgery were randomly allocated to receive either bilateral ESPB (n = 20) or ITM (n = 20) before general anesthesia induction. The primary outcome was cumulative postoperative nalbuphine consumption in the first 24 hours. Results: Cumulative nalbuphine consumption at 24 hours after surgery was significantly lower in the ITM group compared to ESPB (3.05 ± 0.38 versus 6.56 ± 0.88 respectively). However, the ESPB group demonstrated effective pain control as indicated by pain scores of ≤2 at rest and ≤3 when coughing throughout all measured time points. Moreover, ESPB significantly reduced the incidence of postoperative nausea, vomiting (p = 0.03), and pruritus (p = 0.003) within the first 24 hours postoperatively compared to ITM. Conclusions: Although bilateral ESPB resulted in higher opioid consumption than ITM in the first 24 hours after major HPB surgery, the adverse effects were less with minimal or no risk of hemodynamic instability.
Home-administered transcranial direct current stimulation with asynchronous remote supervision in the treatment of depression: feasibility, tolerability, and clinical effectiveness$$$ Introduction (Background): Depression is an often chronic condition, characterized by wide-ranging physical, cognitive and psychosocial symptoms that can lead to disability, premature mortality or suicide. It affects 350 million people globally, yet up to 30% do not respond to traditional treatment, creating an urgent need for novel non-pharmacological treatments. This open-label naturalistic study assesses the practical feasibility, tolerability, and clinical effectiveness of home-administered transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) with asynchronous remote supervision, in the treatment of depression. Method: Over the course of 3 weeks, 40 patients with depression received psychotherapy and half of this group also received daily bi-frontal tDCS stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. These patients received tDCS for 30 min per session with the anode placed over F3 and the cathode over F4, at an intensity of 2 mA for 21 consecutive days. We measured patients' level of depression symptoms at four time points using the Beck Depression Inventory, before treatment and at 1-week intervals throughout the treatment period. We monitored practical feasibility such as daily protocol compliance and tolerability including side effects, with the PlatoScience cloud-based remote supervision platform. Results: Of the 20 patients in the tDCS group, 90% were able to comply with the protocol by not missing more than three of their assigned sessions, and none dropped out of the study. No serious adverse events were reported, with only 14 instances of mild to moderate side effects and two instances of scalp pain rated as severe, out of a total of 420 stimulation sessions. Patients in the tDCS group showed a significantly greater reduction in depression symptoms after 3 weeks of treatment, compared to the treatment as usual (TAU) group [t(57.2) = 2.268, p = 0.027]. The tDCS group also showed greater treatment response (50%) and depression remission rates (75%) compared to the TAU group (5 and 30%, respectively). Discussion (Conclusion): These findings provide a possible indication of the clinical effectiveness of home-administered tDCS for the treatment of depression, and its feasibility and tolerability in combination with asynchronous supervision.
Comparing the effectiveness of CBT and low-frequency rTMS in reducing symptom severity and depression and improving working memory in adults with OCD: a clinical trial$$$ Objective: This study aims to compare the effectiveness of cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) and low-frequency (LF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in reducing symptom severity and depression and improving working memory in adults with obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD). Methods: This is a randomized clinical trial conducted on 24 adults with OCD, randomly assigned into two groups of CBT (n = 12, received CBT with exposure and response prevention (ERP) individually at 20 sessions) and rTMS (n = 12, received LF (1-Hz) rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) at 10 sessions). They completed the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, and two N-Back tasks before, immediately, and 1 month after interventions. Results: Results showed a significant difference between the two methods in reducing the severity of OCD symptoms (p < 0.05) and depression (p = 0.002) immediately after interventions where the CBT with ERP was more effective, but no significant difference was found in terms of working memory (p > 0.05). No significant difference was found between groups in any study variables 1 month after interventions. Conclusion: Individual CBT with ERP is superior to LF rTMS for reducing the severity of symptoms and depression in OCD patients. However, there is no difference between them in improving working memory.
Randomized clinical trial on the efficacy of a new transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) device in the treatment of depression: a low-cost option for developing countries?$$$ Objective: Verify the clinical efficacy and safety of a low-cost tDCS device, in a clinical trial for major depressive disorder. Methods: 168 persons were recruited; 32 depressed individuals with moderate or severe depressive symptoms (HDRS17 scores higher than 18) were included and randomized for the trial (16 individuals in each group). The intervention consisted of 10 active anodal tDCS sessions at 2 mA for 30 minutes over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; or sham. The main outcome was HDRS17; secondary outcomes included satisfaction (TSQM II) and quality of life (WHOQOL-BREF). Assessments at baseline, endpoint and at 30 days follow-up. Results: The sample was composed by a total of 11 men and 21 women, mean age of 42.75 years (95% CI: 38.10-47.40). Active treatment was superior than sham: There was a significant interaction between group and time regarding HDRS-17 scores (F = 4.089, df = 2, p = 0.029; partial Eta squared = 0. 239). Post hoc analyses exhibited a statistically significant difference between active and sham group symptoms after a 30 days follow-up (difference =-7.75, p = 0.008, Cohen’s d = 1.069). There were 3 dropouts, all in the active group, due schedule issues. No severe adverse effects reported. Conclusion: The current active tDCS protocol was related with clinical improvement of depressive symptoms. Intervention was well-tolerated. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques are still not routinely used, although a viable strategy for treatment-resistant patients, partial responders and people unable to use pharmacological treatment. We aim to increase knowledge and use of tDCS for the Brazilian population.
Effects of intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition and hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is increasingly used to treat neurocognitive symptoms in mood disorders. Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a brief version of TMS that may preferentially target cognitive functions. This study evaluated whether iTBS leads to cognitive improvements and associated increased hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression. Methods: In a two-site double-blind randomised sham controlled trial (NCT02749006), 16 patients received active iTBS to the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPF) and 15 patients received sham stimulation across four weeks. A composite neuropsychological score and declarative memory scores served as the cognitive outcomes. Hippocampal volumes were derived from T1 weighted MRI scans using the longitudinal ComBat method to harmonise data across sites. Results: No significant improvements were observed in any cognitive variables in the active relative to the sham group; however, there was a trend for increased left hippocampal volume in the former. Left hippocampal volume increases were associated with improvements in nonverbal memory in the active group. Conclusions: Although cognitive improvements were not associated with iTBS, the finding that hippocampal volume increases were associated with memory improvement suggests there may be some level of prefrontal-temporal neuroplasticity that could support cognitive change in future studies of iTBS in bipolar disorder.
Improvement of working memory in older adults with mild cognitive impairment after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation – a randomized controlled pilot study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive technique that could improve cognitive function. It is being developed as a non-pharmacological intervention to alleviate symptoms of cognitive deterioration. We assessed the efficacy of rTMS in improving cognitive functioning among people with Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) in a partially-blinded, sham-controlled randomized trial. Out of 91 subjects screened, 31 participants with MCI (mean age 70.73; SD = 4.47), were randomly assigned to one of three groups: (A) Active rTMS; (B) Active rTMS with Computerized Cognitive Training RehaCom; and (C) Sham control. The study evaluated cognitive function using the DemTect, FAS, and CANTAB tests before and after the stimulation. The following treatment protocol was applied: 2000 pulses at 10 Hz, 5-s train duration, and 25-s intervals at 110% of resting MT delivered over the left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPFC) five times a week for 2 weeks. After 10 sessions of high-frequency rTMS, there was an improvement in overall cognitive function and memory, assessed by the DemTect evaluation, with no serious adverse effects. Analysis of differences in time (after 10 sessions) between studied groups showed statistically significant improvement in DemTect total score (time by group interaction p = 0.026) in favor of rTMS+RehaCom. The linear regression of CANTAB Paired Associates Learning revealed significant differences in favor of rTMS+RehaCom in three subtests. Our study shows that 10 sessions of rTMS over the left DLPFC (alone as well as combined with Computerized Cognitive Training) can have a positive impact on cognitive function in people with MCI. Further research should investigate the underlying mechanism and determine the optimal parameters for rTMS, which will be important for its efficacy in clinical settings.
Recent advances in trichotillomania: a narrative review$$$ Trichotillomania, defined as the compulsive pulling out of one’s hair, is a psychocutaneous condition associated with functional impairment and decreased quality of life. The pathophysiology of trichotillomania is poorly understood and likely multifactorial, involving alterations in both neural activity and cognitive function. Behavioral treatment options for trichotillomania are limited and are often only modestly effective. Moreover, there are no medications currently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for its treatment. The gaps in knowledge regarding the neurological underpinnings and behavioral markers of trichotillomania and effective treatment options for it highlight the importance of ongoing research in this field. For this narrative review, PubMed was searched to identify articles related to trichotillomania published until July 2023. Recent advances in research on trichotillomania pathophysiology, diagnosis, clinical associations, and treatment are presented, with particular focus on how this condition uniquely spans the disciplines of both psychiatry and dermatology.
Driving-related cognitive skills during antidepressant transcranial direct current stimulation: results in a subsample from the DepressionDC trial$$$ Therapeutic transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a well-tolerated neuromodulatory intervention. However, there are currently no data on its impact on driving skills. Therefore, we conducted a validated assessment of driving-related cognitive skills in participants of the DepressionDC trial, a multicenter, randomized-controlled trial investigating the antidepressant effects of 6-week prefrontal tDCS in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Twenty-one patients (12 women, active tDCS, n = 11, sham, n = 10) underwent an assessment of driving-related cognitive skills before and after the intervention. Using a Bayesian analysis approach, we found no group differences between active tDCS and sham tDCS in the pre-post treatment changes for visual perception (estimated median difference: 3.41 [−3.17, 10.55 89%-CI], BF01: 2.1), stress tolerance (estimated median difference: 0.77 [−2.40, 4.15 89%-CI], BF01: 1.6), and reaction time (estimated median difference: 2.06 [−12.33, 16.83 89%-CI], BF01: 6.5). Our results indicate that repeated sessions of a conventional bifrontal tDCS protocol do not negatively impact driving-related cognitive skills in patients with MDD.
COMPARISON OF PROPOFOL AND THIOPENTONE FOR MODIFIED ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY$$$ Background: This study was designed to compare Thiopentone and Propofol for Modified Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in terms of hemodynamic stability, seizure activity & recovery profile. Materials and Methods: 30 consented patients took part in this study with every patient receiving a total of six treatments. It was a randomized crossover study with 15 patients receiving Thiopentone in the first three treatments and Propofol in the next three treatments, while the other 15 received Propofol in the first three treatments and Thiopentone in the next three treatments. Hemodynamic parameters recorded were systolic blood pressure, diastolic blood pressure and pulse rate. Seizure activity was studied by seizure duration and quality of seizure in terms of tonus and clonus during seizure. Recovery was assessed by time for eye opening and time to sit unaided (both from the time of induction), quality of walking after 20 minutes of induction (graded on a five-point scale), and score in the questionnaire after thirty minutes of induction. Result: Pain on injection was the only side effect, significantly more with Propofol. The fall in blood pressure with induction was significant with both the agents. Increase in the blood pressure after ECT was also significant with both the drugs, but this rise was higher with Thiopentone. The increase in pulse rate was also significantly less with Propofol. The early return of hemodynamic variable towards the baseline values was significantly higher with Propofol. The mean duration of seizure in our study was 35.9 ± 2.1 secs with Thiopentone and 28.5 ± 2.25 with Propofol. Thus even though, Propofol was associated with a shorter duration of seizure as compared to Thiopentone, the resultant duration of seizure was significant for the therapeutic efficacy of ECT. There was no significant difference in the quality of seizure between the two drug groups. Comparison of recovery profile also did not reveal a significant difference between the two drug groups. Conclusion: We conclude that Propofol gives better hemodynamics, clinically significant seizure duration and similar recovery profile as compared to Thiopentone.
Post-stroke fatigue: a review of development, prevalence, predisposing factors, measurements, and treatments$$$ Background: Post-stroke fatigue (PSF) is a ubiquitous and overwhelming symptom for most stroke survivors. However, there are no effective management strategies for PSF, which is partly due to our limited understanding. Objective: In this paper, we review the development, prevalence, predisposing factors, measurements, and treatments of PSF. Results: PSF is an independent symptom after stroke, with a prevalence ranging from 42 to 53%, which depends on the selection of measurement tools and stroke characteristics. It is affected by biological, physical, and psychological factors, among which inflammation may play a key role. Conclusion: Numerous but non-specific evaluation measurement tools limit the management of PSF. In clinical practice, it may be beneficial to identify PSF by combining scales and objective indexes, such as walking tests and electromyographic examinations. There are no evidence-based interventions to improve PSF. However, increasing evidence suggests that transcranial direct-current stimulation and mindfulness-based interventions may become promising treatments. Further studies are urgently needed to better understand the etiology of PSF, thereby providing the basis for developing new measurement tools and targeted treatments.
Alterations in cognitive function and blood biomarkers following transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with amyloid positron emission tomography-positive Alzheimer’s disease: a preliminary study$$$ Introduction: Alzheimer’s disease (AD), the most common form of dementia, is characterized by progressive cognitive decline. To address this, we conducted a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled study to investigate the therapeutic potential of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on patients with amyloid positron emission tomography (PET)- positive AD. Methods: Participants already undergoing pharmacological treatment and testing positive for amyloid PET were divided into Active-tDCS (n = 8) and Sham-tDCS (n = 8) groups. For 12 weeks, participants or their caregivers administered daily bi-frontal tDCS (YMS-201B+, Ybrain Inc., Seongnam, Korea) at home (2 mA, 30 min). Pre- and post-intervention assessments included neuropsychological tests and blood sample measurements for oligomerized beta-amyloid. Results: The Active-tDCS group demonstrated significant improvements in cognitive domains such as language abilities, verbal memory, and attention span and in frontal lobe functions compared to the Sham-tDCS group. Furthermore, the Active-tDCS group showed a marked reduction in post-intervention plasma Aβ oligomerization tendency level, suggesting changes in pivotal AD-associated biomarkers. Discussion: Our results emphasize the potential therapeutic benefits of tDCS for mild AD patients with amyloid PET positivity and stress the urgency for broader research, considering the global challenges of dementia and the need to pursue innovative therapeutic strategies.
Efficacy and safety of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with escitalopram in the treatment of major depressive disorder: a meta-analysis$$$ Objective: This study was designed to systematically review the efficacy and safety of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with escitalopram in treating major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: Databases including PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, Web of Science, CNKI, Wanfang, VIP Journal, and China Biomedical Literature databases were electronically searched for randomized controlled trials of rTMS combined with escitalopram intervention for MDD treatment from the inception of these databases to 27 May 2023. Two reviewers independently screened the studies, extracted the data, and assessed the quality of the included studies. R 4.2.2 was then used for a meta-analysis. Results: In total, 19 articles involving 1,032 patients were included. The results of the meta-analysis showed that Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) scores were significantly lower in the group receiving rTMS combined with escitalopram (experimental group) than that in the control group [weighted mean difference (WMD) = −5.30, 95% confidence interval (95% CI): −6.44 to −4.17, p < 0.01]. The response rate of the experimental group was significantly higher than that of the control group [odds ratio (OR): 5.48; 95% CI: 3.72 to 8.07; p < 0.01]. No significant difference in the adverse reaction rate was observed between the two groups (OR: 1.04, 95% CI: 0.71 to 1.52, p = 0.82). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that rTMS combined with escitalopram can benefit patients with MDD in a safe manner, which may help in guiding clinical practice. Systematic review registration: DOI number: 10.37766/inplasy2023.11.0114, INPLASY2023110114.
Effects and central mechanism of electroacupuncture and MRI-navigated rTMS for PSD: study protocol for an fMRI-based single-center, randomized, controlled, open-label trial$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is the most common mental complication after stroke and has a serious impact on functional outcomes and quality of life for stroke patients. Antidepressants are the first-line treatment for PSD; however, many reported side effects remain. Clinical research and practice guidelines have shown that electro-acupuncture (EA) or rTMS have a positive effect on PSD. However, there are few clinical studies on EA and MRI-navigated rTMS for PSD that explore the fMRI-based central mechanism in depression. Methods: In this randomized, controlled, open-label trial, 64 patients with PSD will be randomly allocated into the experiment group (n = 32) or control group (n = 32). The experiment group will receive EA and MRI-navigated rTMS and the control group will receive MRI-navigated rTMS treatment, in 12–20 sessions over 4 weeks. In addition, 10 healthy people for fMRI scanning will be recruited as a healthy control group without any intervention. The primary outcome will be the change from baseline in the Hamilton Depression Scale-24 item (HAMD-24) scores at week 4. The primary analysis of the central mechanism will mainly involve cortical morphology, local spontaneous brain activity, and the default mode network (DMN) functional connectivity based on fMRI at 0 and 4 weeks. Secondary outcomes will include the neuro-patho-physiological and quality of life changes in cortical excitability, determined using the motor evoked potential test (MEP), National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS), EuroQol Five Dimensions Questionnaire (EQ-5D) Scale, Modified Barthel Index (MBI) Scale, and Health Scale of Traditional Chinese Medicine (HSTCM). Additional indicators will include the Acceptability Questionnaire and Health Economics Evaluation (cost-effectiveness analysis) to assess the acceptability and economic practicality of the treatment under study. Outcomes will be assessed at baseline and post intervention. Discussion: EA and MRI-navigated rTMS therapy could become an alternative treatment for PSD, and it is expected that this trial will provide reliable clinical evidence and a potential central mechanism for the future use of EA and MRI-navigated rTMS for PSD. Clinical trial registration: NCT05516680, ClinicalTrials.gov (registered in August 2022).
An electric field modeling study with meta-analysis to understand the antidepressant effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)$$$ Objective: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has mixed effects for major depressive disorder (MDD) symptoms, partially owing to large inter-experimental variability in tDCS protocols and their correlated induced electric fields (E-fields). We investigated whether the E-field strength of distinct tDCS parameters was associated with antidepressant effect. Methods: A meta-analysis was performed with placebo-controlled clinical trials of tDCS enrolling MDD patients. PubMed, EMBASE, and Web of Science were searched from inception to March 10, 2023. Effect sizes of tDCS protocols were correlated with E-field simulations (SimNIBS) of brain regions of interest (bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex [DLPFC] and bilateral subgenual anterior cingulate cortex [sgACC]). Moderators of tDCS responses were also investigated. Results: A total of 20 studies were included (21 datasets, 1,008 patients), using 11 distinct tDCS protocols. Results revealed a moderate effect for MDD (g = 0.41, 95%CI 0.18-0.64), while cathode position and treatment strategy were found to be moderators of response. A negative association between effect size and tDCS-induced E-field magnitude was seen, with stronger E-fields in the right frontal and medial parts of the DLPFC (targeted by the cathode) leading to smaller effects. No association was found for the left DLPFC and the bilateral sgACC. An optimized tDCS protocol is proposed. Conclusions: Our results highlight the need for a standardized tDCS protocol in MDD clinical trials.
Effect of computerized cognitive training on mood, cognition, and serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor level in late-life depression — a pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: The aim of this pilot randomized controlled trial was to test the feasibility of a computerized cognitive training targeting executive dysfunction in late-life depression and to investigate its impact on mood, cognition, and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels. Methods: A total of 28 community-living Chinese individuals aged 55–75 with moderate-to-severe depression and cognitive symptoms (but without mild cognitive impairment or dementia) were recruited from a community centre in Hong Kong. Participants were randomly allocated to either the experimental (receiving computerized cognitive training) or the control group (receiving computer-based health education). Both programs lasted for one hour and were conducted twice a week for 6 weeks at the community centre. We assessed mood using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) and Patient Health Questionaire-9 (PHQ-9), cognition using the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), and serum BDNF levels at baseline and follow-up. We performed repeated measures analysis of variance to compare the differences in outcome changes between groups and correlation analysis to test if changes in mood and cognition correlated with changes in BDNF level. Results: Our sample had a mean age of 66.8 (SD = 5.3) years, a mean HAM-D score of 19.4 (SD = 7.5), and a mean PHQ-9 score of 18.0 (SD = 6.3). No adverse effects were reported. Significant differences were observed between the experimental and control groups in changes in HAM-D (-8.4 vs. -2.9; group difference = -5.5; p = 0.01), PHQ-9 (-6.6 vs. -0.6; -6.0; p < 0.001), MoCA (1.4 vs. -1.3; 2.7; p = 0.001), and serum BDNF levels (in pg/ml; 2088.3 vs. -3277.4; 5365.6; p = 0.02). Additionally, changes in HAM-D, PHQ-9, and MoCA scores correlated significantly with changes in BDNF level. Conclusion: With computerized cognitive training improving mood and cognition and increasing serum BDNF levels in 6 weeks, it may serve as a safe and effective evidence-based alternative or adjuvant treatment for late-life depression. Clinical trial registration: https://www.chictr.org.cn/indexEN.html, identifier ChiCTR1900027029.
Effects of Electroconvulsive Therapy on Functional Outcomes Among Medicare Patients With Comorbid Depression and Dementia: A Nationwide 1-Year Follow-Up Study$$$ Objective: Current treatments for behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD) are of limited efficacy. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective and safe treatment for a range of psychiatric disorders, with some limited data suggesting a role in treating BPSD. We sought to expand this growing literature by examining-in a rigorous way with a larger sample size than in previous reports-the potential of ECT as a treatment for comorbid depression and dementia. Methods: Drawing on nationally representative 2014-2015 Medicare claims data, propensity score methods were used to create two comparable cohorts consisting of ECT-treated patients (n = 147) and controls (n = 415) who were hospitalized with a principal psychiatric diagnosis. Functional outcomes were compared before and after hospitalization (when ECT was initiated for the ECT cohort). Results: Both cohorts generally declined in all functional outcomes over the time period observed. The ECT cohort had a slower rate of functional decline in bathing (Cohen d = -0.05 vs 0.38; P < .001) and transferring (d = 0.18 vs 0.45; P = .031) compared to matched controls. In multivariate analysis, ECT patients also fared better in the overall activities of daily living summary score at 180 days (coefficient = -0.10; 95% CI, -0.19 to 0.01), though these effects were small. No difference was seen in cognition or ambulation. Discussion: Receiving ECT does not worsen the trajectory of functional outcomes compared to not receiving ECT in older adults with comorbid depression. Randomized clinical trials are needed to more definitively examine the causal effect of ECT on functional outcomes of individuals with dementia.
Bilateral deep transcranial magnetic stimulation of motor and prefrontal cortices in Parkinson’s disease: a comprehensive review$$$ Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a prevalent neurodegenerative disorder characterized by both motor and non-motor symptoms, many of which are resistant to currently available treatments. Since the discovery that non-invasive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can cause dopamine release in PD patients, there has been growing interest in the use of TMS to fill existing gaps in the treatment continuum for PD. This review evaluates the safety and efficacy of a unique multifocal, bilateral Deep TMS protocol, which has been evaluated as a tool to address motor and non-motor symptoms of PD. Six published clinical trials have delivered a two-stage TMS protocol with an H-Coil targeting both the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and motor cortex (M1) bilaterally (220 PD patients in total; 108 from two randomized, sham-controlled studies; 112 from open label or registry studies). In all studies TMS was delivered to M1 bilaterally (Stage 1) and then to the PFC bilaterally (Stage 2) with approximately 900 pulses per stage. For Stage 1 (M1), two studies delivered 10 Hz at 90% motor threshold (MT) while four studies delivered 1 Hz at 110% MT. For Stage 2 (PFC), all studies delivered 10 Hz at 100% MT. The results suggest that this two-stage Deep TMS protocol is a safe, moderately effective treatment for motor symptoms of PD, and that severely impaired patients have the highest benefits. Deep TMS also improves mood symptoms and cognitive function in these patients. Further research is needed to establish optimal dosing and the long-term durability of treatment effects.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with cognitive training on cognitive function in patients with Alzheimer’s disease: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) paired with cognitive training on cognitive function in Alzheimer’s Disease (AD) patients. Methods: PubMed, The Cochrane Library, Embase, CINAHL Complete (EBSCO), China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI) and WanFang Database were searched. The risk of bias was appraised through the Cochrane collaboration tool. A meta-analysis was conducted, including an assessment of heterogeneity. Results: Ten studies comprising 408 participants were included. The addition of rTMS significantly improved overall cognition in patients compared with cognitive intervention alone (p < 0.05 for all tests). The treatment also had some continuity, with significant improvements in cognitive function within weeks after the treatment ended (p < 0.05 for all tests). Conclusion: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with cognitive training (rTMS-CT) is a valuable technique for the cognitive rehabilitation of AD patients. It is beneficial to improve the cognitive ability of patients and restore their overall functional state. The results of the study may provide a basis for clinical providers to implement interventions that facilitate the design of more rigorous and high-quality interventions. Limitations: The number of studies and sample size in our study were small. We did not explore possible interactions between rTMS and medications and mood improvement after rTMS due to inadequate data. Systematic review registration: This study was registered on PROSPERO with registration number CRD42023405615.
Comprehensive treatment of adynamic depression with the combined use of traditional psychopharmacotherapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation and virtual reality technologies$$$ Objective. To study the efficacy and safety of activity-dependent neuromodulation using transcranial magnetic stimulation with intermittent theta flashes (iTBS) as priming stimulation with multimodal parameters of the virtual environment (VR) for the treatment of adynamic depression in comparison with psychopharmacotherapy (PFT). Material and methods. The comparative study included 85 patients with adynamic depression who were randomized into four groups: iTBS + VR + PFT (n=19), iTBS + PFT (n=19), VR + PFT (n=23), PFT (n=24). The duration of therapy was 20 days, the procedures were carried out daily, with a break for weekends, followed by an assessment of side-effects and control over compliance with the patient’s drinking regimen. The study was conducted by clinical, standardized and statistical methods. Results. After 4 weeks of therapy, a final analysis of efficacy and safety indicators was performed. When testing the main statistical hypothesis of the study, the combined therapy of adynamic depression with the use of traditional PFT, iTBS and VR technologies proved to be more effective than traditional PFT. A significant decrease in the parameters of adynamic depression after 4 weeks on the Hamilton psychiatric rating scale for depression by 76%, according to the Clinical Global Impression scale — by the severity of the disorder by 65%, the dynamics of the overall improvement by 76% versus 55% (p=0.0199), 37%, (p=0.0033) 43% (p=0.0047), respectively, in the PFT group. Conclusion. Activity-dependent neuromodulation using transcranial magnetic stimulation with intermittent theta flashes (iTBS) as priming stimulation with multimodal parameters of the virtual environment is an effective and safe way to treat adynamic depression, having an advantage over traditional psychopharmacotherapy.
Effect of escitalopram combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on efficacy and attention function of patients with first-episode unipolar depression$$$ Objective To observe the effect of escitalopram combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on efficacy and attention function in patients with first-episode unipolar depression. Methods Fifty-two first-episode initial-naive unipolar depression patients were enrolled in Department of Neurology of Guangzhou First People's Hospital from March 2022 to April 2023 were chosen. They were randomly allocated to active stimulation group (n=27) and sham stimulation group (n=25); both were treated with escitalopram, and active treatment or sham treatment in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) were given for 4 weeks (5 d per week, 20 d totally). Before treatment and 2 and 4 weeks after treatment, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD)-24 was used to evaluate depressive symptoms, and Birmingham Cognitive Screening Scale-Chinese (BCoS-C) was used to evaluate the attention function. Results (1) In terms of depressive symptoms: HAMD-24 scores of the active stimulation group 2 and 4 weeks after treatment (20.63± 2.73, 15.85±2.43) were significantly lower than those before treatment (25.74±2.68, P<0.05); HAMD-24 scores of sham stimulation group 4 weeks after treatment were also significantly lower than those before treatment ([20.48±2.33] vs. [25.80±2.57], P<0.05); HAMD-24 scores of the active stimulation group 2 and 4 weeks after treatment were significantly lower than those of sham stimulation group (P< 0.05). (2) In terms of auditory attention indicators: total correct number (selective attention) in active stimulation group 4 weeks after treatment was significantly larger than that before treatment (51.74± 1.38 vs. 47.48±1.60), and the sustained index (sustained attention) was significantly lower than that before treatment (0.74±0.71 vs. 4.37±1.15, P<0.05); total correct number in active stimulation group 4 weeks after treatment was significantly larger than that in sham stimulation group (48.00±1.66), and the sustained index was significantly lower than that in sham stimulation group (3.72±1.28, P<0.05). Conclusion Combined with escitalopram, rTMS can more effectively mitigate the depressive symptoms in first-episode unipolar depression patients, and depressive symptoms improve more quickly than attentional function.
Case report: accelerated cathodal HD-tDCS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in hoarding disorder$$$ Hoarding disorder is an under-recognized condition characterized by the excessive acquisition of possessions and difficulty in disposing of them, which can have dramatic consequences. As hoarding disorder is difficult to treat and associated with high levels of disability in all areas of functioning, there appears to be a critical need to develop novel, tailored therapeutic strategies. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques hold promise as potential therapeutic interventions for various psychiatric conditions and as a tool to modulate impulsivity when applied over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Therefore, we hypothesized that delivering accelerated cathodal high-definition direct transcranial stimulation (HD-tDCS) over the right DLPFC could be a suitable approach to alleviate symptoms in patients with hoarding disorder. In a case report, we observed beneficial clinical effects on acquisition and depressive symptoms after 15 sessions of three daily 20-min sessions. Accelerated cathodal HD-tDCS over the right DLPFC appears to be a safe and appropriate intervention for patients with hoarding disorder. However, randomized, sham-controlled trials are needed to further validate these encouraging findings.
A Controlled Clinical Study of Accelerated High-Dose Theta Burst Stimulation in Patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder$$$ Background. Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is frequently treated using a combination of counseling, drugs, and, more recently various transcranial stimulation protocols, but all require several weeks to months for clinically significant improvement, so there is a need for treatments with faster onset. This study investigated whether an accelerated high-dose theta burst stimulation (ahTBS) protocol significantly improves the efficacy of OCD compared to traditional 1-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the routine clinical setting. Method. Forty-five patients with OCD were randomized into two groups and treated with ahTBS or 1-Hz rTMS for 5 days. Patients were assessed at baseline at the end of treatment using the Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS). Results. After 5 days of treatment, there was a significant decrease in Y-BOCS scores in both groups (p<0.001), and the difference between the two groups was not statistically significant (group × time interaction, F = 1.90, p=0.18). There was also no statistically significant difference in other secondary outcome indicators, including depression, anxiety symptoms, and response rate. However, the ahTBS group had a greater trend in response rate. Neuropsychological testing showed no negative cognitive side effects of either treatment. Conclusion. Accelerated high-dose TBS is as safe and has comparable short-term efficacy to traditional 1-Hz rTMS for the clinical treatment of OCD. Further research is needed to explore optimal ahTBS parameters, validate the utility of this treatment modality, and identify factors predictive of rapid clinical response to guide clinical decision-making. This trial is registered with NCT05221632.
Safety and Possible Efficacy of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS)$$$ Background: Depersonalization/derealization disorder is an understudied debilitating condition characterized by subjective experiences of unreality, emotional numbness, and the feeling of the body being disconnected. Its etiology has been linked to emotional abuse and psychoactive substance abuse. The pathophysiology might involve dysfunction of the frontal, insula/limbic and the temporoparietal areas of the brain, amongst others. Most pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatments do not lead to sufficient clinical improvement in patients. Alternative therapeutic approaches such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) might be able to treat the condition but needs to be well researched first. Methods: One randomized study, one open-label study and five case series on rTMS for the treatment of depersonalization disorder were retrieved. Results: Studies were heterogeneous in terms of design and methodology with small sample sizes and short follow-ups, and with different stimulus parameters. The studies demonstrated a response to rTMS particularly to the right temporo-parietal junction in most of the subjects. There were no major adverse effects except for some cases of mild headache, labile affect, and pain above the eye. Future sham-controlled studies of 1 Hz rTMS particularly to the right temporo-parietal junction with increased statistical power, rigorous standards of randomization and optimal stimulus parameters are needed to confirm the short- and long-term safety, and efficacy of rTMS in the treatment of this condition.
COMPARING THE ANTI-DEPRESSIVE EFFECT OF ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY ECT VERSUS TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION TMS IN THE TREATMENT OF PATIENTS WITH DEPRESSION$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for depressive disorders. However, ECT has a number of limitations, such as significant side effects in the neurocognitive domain and the requirement for general anesthesia. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an intervention that applies electric stimulation to the brain without causing convulsions, thus representing an attractive alternative to ECT. The aim of our study is to review systematic reports of the effectiveness of ECT and TMS in the treatment of depressive spectrum disorders. Subjects and methods: We performed search queries in PubMed and eLibrary databases, which retrieved 391 articles, of which 14 met our inclusion criteria for the analysis. The articles comprised three comparisons: TMS vs SHAM, ECT vs sham ECT (SECT), and ECT vs PHARM. The protocol parameters analyzed for TMS were coil type, targeted brain area, amplitude of resting motor threshold, duration of session, number of sessions in total and per week, number and pulses per session and inter-train pause. For ECT, we evaluated the type of ECT device, targeted brain area, type of stimuli, and for ECT vs PHARM we recorded types of anesthesia and antidepressant medication. Results: Three of 6 studies showed a therapeutic effect of TMS compared to placebo; efficacy was greater for TMS frequency exceeding 10 Hz, and with stimulation of two areas of cerebral cortex rather than a single area. There was insufficient data to identify a relationship between the success of TMS and intertrain pause (IP). Three of four studies showed a therapeutic effect of ECT compared to placebo. Three studies of bilateral ECT showed a significant reduction in depression scores compared to the SECT groups. ECT protocols with brief pulses were generally of lesser efficacy. Four of 5 ECT vs PHARM studies showed superior efficacy of ECT compared to PHARM. Among several antidepressants, only the ketamine study showed greater efficacy compared to ECT. Conclusions: There of six TMS studies and 7 of 9 ECT studies showed efficacy in reducing depressive symptoms. A prospective study of crossover design might reveal the relative efficacies of ECT and TMS.
Effect of lidocaine, fentanyl, or dexmedetomidine on minimum infusion rate and cardiorespiratory variables in dogs undergoing ketofol total intravenous anesthesia$$$ Background: It has been proposed that dose reduction via co-administration of other agents might ameliorate respiratory depression associated with ketofol. Aims: The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of adding lidocaine, fentanyl, or dexmedetomidine on the required dose and cardiorespiratory variables in dogs undergoing total intravenous anesthesia (TIVA) with ketofol. Methods: In phase I, twelve dogs (six per each treatment) were induced and maintained with two out of four anesthetic regimens of (1) ketofol (4 mg/kg and 0.3 mg/kg/min, respectively; KET), (2) ketofol and lidocaine (1.5 mg/kg and 0.25 mg/kg/min, respectively; KLD), (3) ketofol and fentanyl (5 μg/kg and 0.1 μg/kg/min, respectively; KFN), and (4) ketofol and dexmedetomidine (2 μg/kg and 2 mg/kg/h, respectively; KDX) with at least one-week interval. The minimum infusion rate (MIR) of ketofol was determined. In phase II, the other twelve dogs were given the same anesthetic regimens for 60 min with the determined infusion rate of ketofol, and cardiorespiratory variables were recorded. Results: Mean MIR of ketofol for KET, KLD, KFN, and KDX were 0.35, 0.23, 0.15, and 0.08 mg/kg/min, respectively. In phase II, the times of recovery events were shorter in KFN and KDX than KET and KLD. The heart rate was significantly higher than baseline in KET and KLD, which was also significantly lower than KFN and KDX at several time points. In all treatments, respiratory depression was detected. Conclusion: Despite the decrease in the dose of ketofol, none of the added drugs attenuated respiratory depression caused by this agent.
Evidence-based integration of yoga in psychiatric practice$$$ Yoga has been put to test in clinical medicine to build evidence. There has been a steep rise in yoga research through 2010, threefold in the next decade. Despite challenges, clinicians have explored yoga intervention in several disorders. The available data have been examined using meta-analysis when there are more studies. Psychiatric disorders treated with yoga have attracted more research. Some examples include depression, schizophrenia, anxiety, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), somatoform pain, addiction, mild cognitive impairment, and elderly and childhood disorders. Current manuscript focuses on highlighting the major steps towards generating evidence that have led to integration of yoga into psychiatry practice. It also discusses various challenges and the way forward.
Evidence from Indian studies on safety and efficacy of therapeutic transcranial magnetic stimulation across neuropsychiatric disorders - A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is potentially effective as an augmentation strategy in the treatment of many neuropsychiatric conditions. Several Indian studies have been conducted in this regard. We aimed to quantitatively synthesize evidence from Indian studies assessing efficacy and safety of rTMS across broad range of neuropsychiatric conditions. Fifty two studies- both randomized controlled and non-controlled studies were included for a series of random-effects meta-analyses. Pre-post intervention effects of rTMS efficacy were estimated in "active only"rTMS treatment arms/groups and "active vs sham"(sham-controlled) studies using pooled Standardized Mean Differences (SMDs). The outcomes were 'any depression', depression in unipolar/bipolar depressive disorder, depression in obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), depression in schizophrenia, schizophrenia symptoms (positive, negative, total psychopathology, auditory hallucinations and cognitive deficits), obsessive compulsive symptoms of OCD, mania, craving/compulsion in substance use disorders (SUDs) and migraine (headache severity and frequency). Frequencies and odds ratios (OR) for adverse events were calculated. Methodological quality of included studies, publication bias and sensitivity assessment for each meta-analyses was conducted. Meta-analyses of "active only"studies suggested a significant effect of rTMS for all outcomes, with moderate to large effect sizes, at both end of treatment as well as at follow-up. However, except for migraine (headache severity and frequency) with large effect sizes at end of treatment only and craving in alcohol dependence where moderate effect size at follow-up only, rTMS was not found to be effective for any outcome in the series of "active vs sham"meta-analyses. Significant heterogeneity was seen. Serious adverse events were rare. Publication bias was common and the sham controlled positive results lost significance in sensitivity analysis. We conclude that rTMS is safe and shows positive results in 'only active' treatment groups for all the studied neuropsychiatric conditions. However, the sham-controlled evidence for efficacy is negative from India. Conclusion: rTMS is safe and shows positive results in "only active"treatment groups for all the studied neuropsychiatric conditions. However, the sham-controlled evidence for efficacy is negative from India.
Publication of studies registered in Clinical Trials Registry of India: An audit of mood disorder research protocols from 2009-2019$$$ Background: Selective publication of studies has important scientific, ethical, and public health implications. Aim: We studied selective publication among mood disorder research protocols registered in the Clinical Trials Registry of India (CTRI) database. We also examined the frequency and nature of protocol deviations among the published articles. Methods: Using a systematic search strategy, we examined the publication status of all mood disorder-related research protocols registered in the CTRI database from inception till December 31, 2019. Logistic regression analysis was used to identify variables associated with selective publication. Results: Of 129 eligible protocols identified, only a third (n = 43, 33.3%) were published in literature; among those published, only 28 (21.7%) were placed in MEDLINE indexed journals. Protocol deviations were observed in more than half of the published papers (n = 25, 58.1%); many of these (41.9%) were related to sample size deviations, though, importantly, deviations in primary and secondary outcomes were also noted (16.2%). Retrospective registration of trials (odds ratio, 2.98, 95% confidence interval, 1.32-6.71) was significantly associated with publication; other variables, such as funding status or multicentric sampling, were not associated with eventual publication. Conclusions: Two out of three mood disorder research protocols registered in India do not translate into published research. These findings from a low- and middle-income country with limited spending on health care research and development represent wastage of resources and raise scientific and ethical concerns about unpublished data and futile patient participation in research.
“Cognitive Assessment in Psychiatric Patients Before and After Electroconvulsive Therapy in A Teritiary Care Teaching Hospital”$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) is a procedure that creates a generalized cerebral seizure by using an electric current and electrodes inserted in the cranial vault under anesthesia. Electrical charges are delivered through these electrodes to cause seizures. For the past sixty years, it has been employed as a therapeutic therapy for the treatment of psychiatric disorder. ECT has been reported to be useful for pharmacologically resistant mental illnesses1, but at the immediate cost of a loss in emotional processing speed.2 Objectives: 1. To study the cognitive functions before, immediately after the first electroconvulsive therapy, and at the end of one week of last electroconvulsive therapy. 2. To compare the cognitive functions before and after electroconvulsive therapy administration. 3. To correlate the cognitive functions and illness variable with electroconvulsive therapy. Material & Methods: Study Design: Hospital based prospective observational study. Study area: Manasa Psychiatry Hospital, Secunderbad, Telangana. Study Period: August 2022 – August 2023. Study population: Patients suffering from psychiatric illness and planned for electroconvulsive therapy as recommended treatment option. Sample size: Study consisted a total of 50 subjects. Sampling Technique: Simple Random sampling. Study tools and Data collection procedure: TOOLS USED: 1) Semi-structured Proforma 2) PGI memory test 3) Digit symbol substitution test 4) Color Trail test-1 5) Color Trail test-2 6) Controlled Oral Word Association Test (COWA) 7) Addenbrooke’s Cognitive rating scale (ACE-R). After obtaining consent, patients who meet the exclusion and inclusion criteria were enrolled in the study design. Patients who took up for the study were able to understand the nature and purpose of the study. Uncooperative patients and patients with acute psychosis were ruled out from the study. Semi-structured proforma was administered for the patients taken up for the study. Socio-demographic profile as per the proforma was collected. Complete general physical examination and also detailed neurological evaluation were done before the study. All the subjects underwent cognitive assessment which lasted around 90 minutes. All the tests were carried out in a fixed order according to standardized administration procedures in a quiet room. Results: the mean COWA scores at baseline showed significantly higher scores as compared to 24 hrs at P<0.001. These results infer that the mean COWA scores show a difference between first ECT and 1-week post ECT which was highly significant statistically and further the difference between baseline and 1-week post-ECT was highly significant as it shows a significant increase in the scores at a 1-week time interval. P<0.001. Conclusion: From our study it can be concluded that, the ECT course causes rapid cognitive changes, both in the form of impairment as well as improvement. ECT treatment has effects on memory as well as other non-memory cognitive functions. ECT has acute effects on cognitive functions which are evident by changes in the cognitive profile of participating patients seen immediately after the first ECT.
Predictors of Electroconvulsive Therapy Outcome in Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective therapy for major depressive disorder (MDD) patients. However, few clinical predictors are available to predict the treatment outcome. This study aimed to characterize the response trajectories of MDD patients undergoing ECT treatment and to identify potential clinical and demographic predictors for clinical improvement. Methods: We performed a secondary analysis on data from a multicenter, randomized, blinded, controlled trial with 3 ECT modalities (bifrontal, bitemporal, unilateral). The sample consisted of 239 patients whose demographic and clinical characteristics were investigated as predictors of ECT outcomes. Results: The results of growth mixture modeling suggested there were 3 groups of MDD patients: a non-remit group (n = 17, 7.11%), a slow-response group (n = 182, 76.15%), and a rapid-response group (n = 40, 16.74%). Significant differences in age, education years, treatment protocol, types of medication used, Hamilton Depression Scale, Hamilton Anxiety Scale score, Mini-Mental State Examination score, and Clinical Global Impression score at baseline were observed across the groups. Conclusions: MDD patients exhibited distinct and clinically relevant response trajectories to ECT. The MDD patients with more severe depression at baseline are associated with a rapid response trajectory. In contrast, MDD patients with severe symptoms and older age are related to a less response trajectory. These clinical predictors may help guide treatment selection.
Psychological Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Individuals With Methamphetamine Use Disorder: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of rTMS on drug craving, depression, anxiety, sleep, and cognitive function in methamphetamine (MA) dependent individuals. DATA SOURCES AND METHODS: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of rTMS interventions for MA-dependent patients were searched through PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), Wanfang database, Chongqing Vipers (VIP) and China Biomedical Literature Database (CBLD). The included literature was statistically processed using Revman 5.4, and STATA 16.0 for sensitivity and bias analysis. RESULTS: A total of 13 papers were included, and the results of the meta-analysis showed that rTMS was effective in reducing craving scores (SMD = -1.53, 95%CI:-2.08 ∼ -0.98, p < 0.00001), improving depression (SMD = -0.32, 95%CI:-0.58 ∼ -0.07, p = 0.01) and sleep scores (WMD = -1.26, 95%CI:-2.26 ∼ -0.27, p = 0.01), but had no effect on anxiety scores (SMD = -0.42, 95%CI:-0.88 ∼ 0.03, p = 0.07); in terms of cognitive function, there were improvements in the international shopping list task (ISL), Groton maze learning task (GML) and continuous paired association learning task (CPAL), except for no effect on the social emotional cognition task (SEC) and two back task (TWOB). Subgroup analysis showed significant differences in the effects of different intervention period on craving in MA-dependent individuals. CONCLUSION: rTMS was effective in reducing MA dependent individuals' cravings, alleviating depressive symptoms, improving sleep quality and language learning, collaborative learning and executive skills. Due to the small sample size of this study, a large number of RCTs are needed to validate this.
Influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of CNS on fibromyalgia patients -A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study (interim analysis)$$$ Background: Fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) is a chronic disorder characterized by diffuse pain, sensitivity to sensory stimuli, fatigue, cognitive impairment, mood and sleep disorders. The side effects of drugs used in treatment (i.e. antiepileptics) can mimic certain symptoms of fibromyalgia (i.e. impaired balance, dizziness). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive therapy utilizing a magnetic field to stimulate different brain structures. rTMS is registered as adjuvant therapy for major depressive disorder, migraine, and obsessive-compulsive disorder, and its efficacy is being investigated for other conditions. The main aim was to evaluate the influence of rTMS in alleviating the symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia. Methods: Sixteen patients were randomized to rTMS (n = 10) or sham treatment (n = 6). rTMS was applied in 10-day sessions with a frequency of 10 Hz and an intensity of 130% of the predetermined motor threshold over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). One session of rTMS consisted of 5 seconds of stimulation (frequency of 10 Hz, for a total of 50 stimuli) and a 10-second pause. Patients received 2000 stimuli per day (50 stimuli in 40 repeated sessions). The placebo was applied with an inactive sham coil which resembles active treatment. The intensity of symptoms was assessed with Tender Point Examination (TPE), Visual Analog Scale of Pain (VAS), Brief Pain Inventory (BPI), Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI II), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Montreal Cognitive Assesment (MoCa), Medical Outcome Studies Sleeping Scale (MOS SS), Functional Assesment of Chronic Illness Therapy -Fatigue (FACIT-F), 36-item Short Form Survey (SF-36), and Revised Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQR). Results: There was no difference between groups in any of the characteristics at baseline. There was a decrease in BDI score after the treatment period, but the change was more prominent in the rTMS group compared to the placebo (P = 0.064). rTMS was also superior in a decrease in FIQR score (P = 0.074) (Table 2) and an increase in vitality through SF-36 (P = 0.003). Moreover, placebo treatment led to a significant reduction in sleep disturbances (P = 0.035). There were no differences between groups in delta values before and after treatment regarding the rest of investigated characteristics (Table 1., P > 0.05). Conclusion: Preliminary results suggest a reduction in the impact of the disease and depression, as well as an increase in the vitality of participants who have been treated with rTMS. The placebo effect on a reduction of sleep disturbance can be partly explained by the stimulating effect of rTMS.
Effectiveness Of Repeated Ketamine Infusions On Suicidal Thoughts vs Ect: An Open Label Comparative Study$$$ Background: Suicide is a major global problem, depression being its leading cause worldwide. Multiple subanaesthetic ketamine infusions as well as ECT are known to be effective in depression as well as suicidality. However, there are very few studies that have looked into the comparisons between immediate and sustained effects of ketamine and ECT in relation to suicide. Aim: To compare immediate and sustained responses to suicidal ideation among patients with MDD and RDD within and between patients receiving ketamine in comparison to electroconvulsive therapy. Methods: Twenty patients fulfilling inclusion criteria were randomised into two groups, first group (n=8) received repeated thrice weekly ketamine infusions for a period of two weeks in comparison to patients who received a similar schedule of modified ECT(n=12). All the patients were continuously clinically evaluated for their severity of depression (MADRS), suicidality (BSSI, C-SSRS), anxiety (HAM-A), clinical improvement (CGI), at baseline,1 hour, 4 hours and 24 hours of each session and 4 weeks after the last session (Ketamine/ECT). Results: Statistically significant difference in scores of MADRS, BSSI, C-SSRS, HAM-A, CGI in both ketamine and ECT groups while assessing for immediate as well as sustained effect in depressive symptoms and suicidality but when compared between the groups ketamine was not found to be superior to ECT Conclusion: There is clinically significant reduction in symptoms of depression and suicidal ideations in both ketamine and ECT groups when compared within the groups signifying ketamine is comparable and not inferior than ECT.
Rapid Antidepressant Effect of Ketamine as compared with Electroconvulsive Therapy in patients with Severe Depression$$$ Background Severe depression has high morbidity and mortality. Treatment modalities like antidepressants take weeks to act, hence are useless in emergencies. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) although has a rapid antidepressant effect, comes with hindrances in the form of cognitive side effects, contraindications and stigma. It requires 3-5 sessions to show response. Ketamine, an N-Methyl-D-Aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist is stipulated to show rapid antidepressant response. However, its comparison with ECT has been inadequately studied, especially in the Indian population. Aim To study the rapid antidepressant effect of ketamine as compared with ECT in patients with severe depression Method Forty inpatients diagnosed with severe depression, were randomly allocated to either ECT or Ketamine group. Following due consent, each patient received modified ECT or Ketamine hydrochloride infusion every alternate day for upto 3 times under a qualified anaesthetist's supervision. Depressive symptoms were measured using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D17) at baseline and 24 hours after each intervention. Data was analysed using appropriate statistical methods. Results Patients receiving Ketamine showed a faster reduction in HAM-D17 score over the course of 3 infusions. This was found to be significant and steeper when compared with that of patients who received 3 sessions of ECT. Conclusion This study suggests that Ketamine produces rapid antidepressant effects. The response rate being significantly higher than that of ECT indicates that Ketamine is a superior alternative when administered in patients with severe depression.
Post-Approval Research in Drug Development: Priorities and Practices$$$ A prescriber might ask if a new medication is a good option for use in the patients he or she sees in clinic, with their particular blends of demographic and comorbid clinical characteristics. Is this medicine more effective, safe, tolerable, or affordable than the options used in the past? A payer may ask if the new medication offers a more effective, cost-efficient, or convenient alternative to those treatments already being covered. These are the types of questions that are often difficult to answer on the basis of the clinical trials used to support a medication’s initial approval, which are generally designed to evaluate a medication’s efficacy, safety, and tolerability in narrowly defined patient populations. Consequently, in order to answer the questions most relevant to key stakeholders (i.e., regulators, patients, and clinicians), it is important to continue to examine a medication’s impact and characteristics after it has received regulatory approval. Such studies vary in their purpose, scope, and methodology. In this chapter, we review the types of questions most likely to be investigated after regulatory approval, the methods generally used to investigate them, and the characteristics typically considered when prioritizing the allocation of resources.
No effects on heart rate variability in depression after treatment with dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta burst stimulation$$$ Background: The purpose of this study was to investigate whether treatment of a depressive episode with intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) had any effects on heart rate variability (HRV). We also investigated if changes in HRV covaried with symptom change after iTBS and if HRV could predict symptom change. Methods: We included 49 patients with a current depressive episode. All were randomized to receive a double-blind treatment course with active or sham iTBS over the DMPFC. HRV data were obtained from 1 h of night data before and after the iTBS. The standard deviation of the RR interval (SDNN) was chosen as primary outcome measure. Depressive, negative, and anxiety symptoms as well as self-rated health were assessed by clinicians or by self-report. Results: The group×time linear mixed model revealed no effect of iTBS on SDNN (estimate = -1.8, 95% confidence interval [CI]: -19.9 to 16.2). There were neither correlations between HRV and depressive, negative, or anxiety symptom change after iTBS nor with self-assessed health. No predictive value of HRV was found. Conclusions: Treatment for depression with dorsomedial iTBS had neither negative nor positive effects on the cardiac autonomic nervous system.
The role of the anterior cingulate cortex in inhibitory control - ACDC TMS study$$$ Background: Inhibitory control is a cognitive function, part of the “executive functions" group, representing our ability to choose and regulate how we react and behave rather than being hostages of habit. Impaired inhibitory control plays a role in neuropsychiatric disorders' pathophysiology, such as drug and alcohol abuse, gambling, eating disorders, or obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Previous studies have associated cognitive control with neural activity in the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) (1). The data suggest that the dorsal ACC is critically involved in the “response selection" and that deficient activity in this region represents a common element across psychiatric disorders (2). Double cone coil transcranial magnetic stimulation (DC TMS) is an instrument for non-invasive brain stimulation, which, unlike the classic rTMS, is useful for reaching deeper targets, such as the ACC (3). ACDC TMS was used in trials with a patient population (OCD, major depressive disorder), but only one study with healthy subjects used high-frequency ACDC TMS to study cognitive control. However, it addressed the problem of gambling and the specific “delay discounting" phenomenon was tested (4). We evaluated the effect of ACDC TMS on inhibitory control using the classic Stroop paradigm and aimed to answer whether it is possible to affect the "healthy" inhibitory control. Methods: In a randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled study with healthy participants (n = 21) with the parallel design, we assessed the effect of ACDC TMS on Stroop test performance. Healthy volunteers received active 20Hz ACDC TMS or sham TMS. Right before and after the stimulation participants took the computer-based Stroop test. During the stimulation, participants performed the PASAT for the activation of the inhibitory control circuit. To examine the impact of stimulation on reaction time and error scores Wilcoxon rank sum test was used. Results were considered significant if they exceeded a p-05. Results: Nineteen participants completed the study, two participants had headaches and nausea and were forced to end the experiment. No significant effect of ACDC TMS condition on reaction times was observed either in congruent (W = 57, p = 0.84) or incongruent (W = 30, p-value = 0.1214) trials. No significant effects on error rates were detected as well (W= 35.5, p = 0.46). Conclusions: The study is still ongoing. The preliminary results showed no significant effect of ACDC TMS on inhibitory control in healthy participants. It can be explained by the small group size, and possible ceiling effect (all participants were medical students or doctors with a high level of education). The absence of a significant result can also be explained by ACDC TMS's inability to affect the functioning inhibitory control circuit.
Effects of Tai Chi combined with tDCS on cognitive function in patients with MCI: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) is a critical stage of dementia. Previous reviews have suggested that physical exercise combined with non-invasive brain stimulation is more beneficial for improving cognitive function. However, no targeted studies have confirmed the effect of Tai Chi combined with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the improvement of cognitive function in patients with MCI. Thus, this randomized trial was conducted to assess the effect of Tai Chi combined with tDCS on the cognitive performance of patients with MCI. Methods: From April 2018 to February 2020, a randomized, single-blind clinical trial was conducted, involving 180 participants with MCI who were divided into four intervention groups: Tai Chi combined with tDCS (TCT), Tai Chi combined with sham tDCS (TCS), walking combined with tDCS (WAT), and walking combined with sham tDCS (WAS). All participants were assessed at baseline and 12 weeks for global cognitive function, memory, attention, and executive function. Results: At baseline, there were no significant differences in age, gender, education duration, body mass index, or the Baker Depression Inventory among the four groups (P ≥ 0.05). After 12 weeks of intervention, the TCT group showed greater improvements in MOCA scores, memory quotient scores, and digit-symbol coding task reaction time compared to the TCS, WAS, and WAT groups (P < 0.05). The TCT group also had a shorter Stroop test color reaction time compared to the WAS and WAT groups (P < 0.05), a higher increase in Auditory Verbal Learning Test-immediate recall than the TCS and WAT groups (P < 0.05), a shorter visual reaction time than the TCS group (P < 0.05), and a shorter sustained attention time compared to the WAT group (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Tai Chi combined with tDCS effectively improves global cognitive performance, memory, execution function, and attention in patients with MCI. These findings suggest the potential clinical use of Tai Chi combined with tDCS as a physical exercise combined with a non-invasive brain stimulation intervention to improve cognitive function in older adults with MCI. Clinical trial registration: ChiCTR1800015629.
Analysis of Neuroplasticity in Post Stroke Spasticity: Serial MEP Study$$$ Background and Aim: Post stroke spasticity is a common complication of stroke. Transcranial magnetic stimulation can play potential role in reducing post-stroke spasticity. In this study we analysed the changes of serial MEP in stroke patients and compared them with normal subjects. Methodology: Six consecutive MEPs were recorded in patients having upper limb spasticity after 3 months stroke and in normal subjects. They were randomised into active and sham rTMS group. In active group three treatment sessions, each consisting of 1000 pulses of 1 Hz rTMS at an intensity of 90% of resting motor threshold was applied over primary motor area of the contra-lesional hemisphere. In sham intensity was 0%. MEPs were measured pre and post therapy in each group. Results: Twenty-one stroke patients (10 in rTMS and 11 in sham group) and 10 matched healthy subjects were analysed. In rTMS group MEPs were of higher amplitude on stimulation of normal hemisphere compared to normal subject and of lower amplitude on abnormal hemisphere. Mean value of MEPs on normal hemisphere ranged from 1.71 to 2.07 and 0.62-0.80 on abnormal hemisphere stimulation. In normal subjects means ranged from 1.41-1.71 on left hemisphere stimulation and 0.94-1.60 on right hemisphere stimulation. Discussion: High-frequency stimulation (>3 Hz), increases motor cortex excitability of the stimulated area and low-frequency stimulation (≤1 Hz) decreases excitability. Mechanisms by which rTMS modulates the brain is related to the phenomenon of long-term potentiation and long-term depression. MEP has been used to demonstrate increased or decreased cortical excitability in normal and affected hemisphere of stroke patients respectively. Conclusion: We found higher amplitude on normal hemisphere stimulation and lower in affected side. The above phenomenon explains suppression of affected hemisphere after stroke. There was less variation in means of each MEP in affected side compared to normal side which indicates that there is decreased neuroplasticity in affected hemisphere.
Efficacy of rTMS in improving memory in older adults with TBI$$$ Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) is a significant cause of mortality and disability. Cognitive impairment and dementia are also devastating outcomes of TBI. TMS is now a widely accepted noninvasive brain stimulation treatment and is an excellent candidate for the treatment of TBI-related symptoms. rTMS has also demonstrated memory benefits in older adults without threshold memory disorders with the left DLPFC as the most commonly used target for memory enhancement in healthy older adults. In a recently completed double-blind randomized clinical trial, we have enrolled (n = 30; 10 females) veterans and civilians (mild (n = 21) and moderate (n = 9) TBI; average age = 61 years) in either a placebo or an active trial arm. For both active and sham rTMS coils, pulses were delivered at 10 Hz in trains of 4 s followed by 11-26 s intertrain intervals, consistent with on-label parameters for depression treatment. We collected performance on a computerized hippocampally-mediated visual Paired Associate Learning (PAL) task at baseline and post-treatment along with MRI and PET imaging. No significant changes in PAL (average number of correct trials) were observed between active and sham pre and post-treatment. No differences were observed in fiber tracts between sham and active groups pre and post-rTMS treatment either. However, a preliminary analysis of gender effects showed greater FA reduction and medial diffusivity (MD) increment in the right cingulum hippocampus in women relative to men. Additionally, preliminary glucose uptake in PET analysis also showed a higher correlation of PAL trial score with higher hippocampal activity in the active group at post-treatment. These findings, although impacted by the drop in recruitment and follow-up due to the pandemic, highlight the use of neuroimaging in response to treatment in specific areas that may be crucial to monitor in older TBI patients.
OBSERVATION ON THE THERAPEUTIC EFFECT OF GOUACHE COLOR APPLIED TO PSYCHOLOGICAL MEDIATED PERSONALIZED TRAINING ON COGNITIVE IMPAIRMENT IN PATIENTS WITH SEVERE DEPRESSION$$$ Objective: To explore the effect of using gouache color matching psychology mediated personalized training on cognitive dysfunction in patients with severe depression. Methods: 86 patients with major depression admitted to the Affiliated Hospital of a University Medical College from June 2019 to March 2022 were selected as the study subjects, and were randomly divided into observation group and control group, with 43 patients in each group. Patients in both groups were treated with non-convulsive electroconvulsive therapy (MECT); Patients in the observation group were also treated with gouache color matching psychology mediated personalized training while carrying out MECT. On the 3rd, 6th, 12th and 24th day after the treatment, MMSE was used to evaluate the treatment effect of the two groups. Results: after treatment, the MMSE total score and each item score of the two groups decreased compared with that before treatment (P < 0.05); Comparison of scores between the two groups: on the first 3 days, there was no statistical difference between the two groups (P > 0.05). On the sixth day after treatment, the total MMSE score and scores of other items except memory items of the patients in the observation group were significantly higher than those on the first day of treatment (P < 0.05); After 24 days of treatment, the total MMSE scores and individual scores between the two groups were not significantly different from those before treatment (P > 0.05). Conclusion: after MECT treatment, patients may have cognitive dysfunction in a short period of time. Implementing psychological mediated personalized training of gouache color matching has a significant effect on cognitive dysfunction in patients with severe depression in a short period of time.
Mindful self-compassion for veteran women with a history of military sexual trauma: feasibility, acceptability, potential benefits, and considerations$$$ Background: Military sexual trauma (MST) is reported by up to 74% of women veterans in the United States and is a driver of poor behavioural and physical health. Self-compassion is a transdiagnostic, protective factor linked with improved posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), depression, and health behaviours. Thus, Mindful Self-Compassion training (MSC) may help ameliorate MST-related impacts. However, MSC can also temporarily increase distress (i.e. backdraft). Delivering it with elective trauma-informed yoga (TIY), which regulates acute distress, may help address this issue.Objective: This VA quality improvement project examined feasibility, acceptability, and reported benefits and challenges of a manualized 8-week MSC including within non-randomized subgroups: MSC (n = 4) and MSC+ elective TIY classes (MSC+; n = 4).Methods: Nine women veterans with a history of MST at a Vet Center in the Northeastern U.S.A. enrolled; eight completed, excluding one MSC+ participant. Measures included attrition (n = 9), attendance (n = 8), weekly (n = 8) and posttreatment acceptability (n = 6), validated symptom severity assessments (n = 7), and an exit interview (n = 8).Results: Among completers, MSC attendance was excellent (89%) and higher among in MSC+ vs. MSC (94% vs. 84% sessions completed). On average across the two groups, depressive and PTSD symptom severity decreased by 21% and 30%, respectively. In exit interviews, participants across groups described improved coping with distress and psychiatric symptoms, reduced stress, and improved self-care and health behaviours. Although women in both groups reported backdraft during the programme, MSC+ also reported healthier coping and improved emotional processing.Conclusion: The results of this programme evaluation infer MSC may be feasible, acceptable, and beneficial for women survivors of MST in one Vet Center in the Northeastern USA. Further, temporary elevations in MSC-related distress may be ameliorated with adjunctive TIY. Given requests of women veterans in the USA. for additional complementary and integrative health treatment options, formal research on these approaches is warranted.
Cerebellar stimulation in schizophrenia: A systematic review of the evidence and an overview of the methods$$$ Background: Cerebellar structural and functional abnormalities underlie widespread deficits in clinical, cognitive, and motor functioning that are observed in schizophrenia. Consequently, the cerebellum is a promising target for novel schizophrenia treatments. Here we conducted an updated systematic review examining the literature on cerebellar stimulation efficacy and tolerability for mitigating symptoms of schizophrenia. We discuss the purported mechanisms of cerebellar stimulation, current methods for implementing stimulation, and future directions of cerebellar stimulation for intervention development with this population. Methods: Two independent authors identified 20 published studies (7 randomized controlled trials, 7 open-label studies, 1 pilot study, 4 case reports, 1 preclinical study) that describe the effects of cerebellar circuitry modulation in patients with schizophrenia or animal models of psychosis. Published studies up to October 11, 2022 were identified from a search within PubMed, Scopus, and PsycInfo. Results: Most studies stimulating the cerebellum used transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct-current stimulation, specifically targeting the cerebellar vermis/midline. Accounting for levels of methodological rigor across studies, these studies detected post-cerebellar modulation in schizophrenia as indicated by the alleviation of certain clinical symptoms (mainly negative and depressive symptoms), as well as increased frontal-cerebellar connectivity and augmentation of canonical neuro-oscillations known to be abnormal in schizophrenia. In contrast to a prior review, we did not find consistent evidence for cognitive improvements following cerebellar modulation stimulation. Modern cerebellar stimulation methods appear tolerable for individuals with schizophrenia, with only mild and temporary side effects. Conclusion: Cerebellar stimulation is a promising intervention for individuals with schizophrenia that may be more relevant to some symptom domains than others. Initial results highlight the need for continued research using more methodologically rigorous designs, such as additional longitudinal and randomized controlled trials. Systematic review registration: [https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/], identifier [CRD42022346667].
Comparative efficacy, cognitive effects and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapies for the treatment of depression: Protocol for a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Introduction There have been important advances in the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to treat major depressive episodes. These include variations to the type of stimulus the brain regions stimulated, and the stimulus parameters (eg, stimulus duration/pulse width). Our aim is to investigate ECT types using a network meta-analysis (NMA) approach and report on comparative treatment efficacy, cognitive side effects and acceptability. Method We will conduct a systematic review to identify randomised controlled trials that compared two or more ECT protocols to treat depression. This will be done using the following databases: Embase, MEDLINE PubMed, Web of Science, Scopus, PsycINFO, Cochrane CENTRAL and will be supplemented by personal contacts with researchers in the field. All authors will be contacted to provide missing information. Primary outcomes will be symptom severity on a validated continuous clinician-rated scale of depression, cognitive functioning measured using anterograde verbal recall, and acceptability calculated using all-cause drop-outs. Secondary outcomes will include response and remission rates, autobiographical memory following a course of ECT, and anterograde visuospatial recall. Bayesian random effects hierarchical models will compare ECT types. Additional meta-regressions may be conducted to determine the impact of effect modifiers and patient-specific prognostic factors if sufficient data are available. Discussion This NMA will facilitate clinician decision making and allow more sophisticated selection of ECT type according to the balance of efficacy, cognitive side effects and acceptability. Ethics This systematic review and NMA does not require research ethics approval as it will use published aggregate data and will not collect nor disclose individually identifiable participant data. PROSPERO registration number CRD42022357098.
Sequential Bilateral Accelerated Theta Burst Stimulation in Adolescents With Suicidal Ideation Associated With Major Depressive Disorder: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Suicide is a leading cause of death in adolescents worldwide. Previous research findings suggest that suicidal adolescents with depression have pathophysiological dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) deficits in γ-aminobutyric acid neurotransmission. Interventions with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) directly address these underlying pathophysiological deficits in the prefrontal cortex. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is newer dosing approach for TMS. Accelerated TBS (aTBS) involves administering multiple sessions of TMS daily as this dosing may be more efficient, tolerable, and rapid acting than standard TMS. Methods: This is a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial of sequential bilateral aTBS in adolescents with MDD and suicidal ideation. Three sessions are administered daily for 10 days. During each session, continuous TBS is administered first to the right DPFC, in which 1,800 pulses are delivered continuously over 120 seconds. Then intermittent TBS is applied to the left DPFC, in which 1,800 pulses are delivered in 2-second bursts and repeated every 10 seconds for 570 seconds. The TBS parameters were adopted from prior research, with 3-pulse, 50-Hz bursts given every 200 ms (at 5 Hz) with an intensity of 80% active motor threshold. The comparison group will receive 3 daily sessions of bilateral sham TBS treatment for 10 days. All participants will receive the standard of care for patients with depression and suicidal ideation including daily psychotherapeutic skill sessions. Long-interval intracortical inhibition (LICI) biomarkers will be measured before and after treatment. Exploratory measures will be collected with TMS and electroencephalography for biomarker development. Discussion: This is the first known randomized controlled trial to examine the efficacy of sequential bilateral aTBS for treating suicidal ideation in adolescents with MDD. Results from this study will also provide opportunities to further understand the neurophysiological and molecular mechanisms of suicidal ideation in adolescents.
Clinical and radiomic features for predicting the treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major neurocognitive disorder: Results from a randomized controlled trial$$$ Image-guided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown clinical effectiveness in senior adults with co-occurring depression and cognitive impairment, yet the imaging markers for predicting the treatment response are less investigated. In this clinical trial, we examined the efficacy and sustainability of 10 Hz rTMS for the treatment of depression and cognitive impairment in major neurocognitive disorder (NCD) patients and tested the predictive values of imaging-informed radiomic features in response to rTMS treatment. Fifty-five major NCD patients with depression were randomly assigned to receive a 3-week rTMS treatment of either active 10 Hz rTMS (n = 27) or sham rTMS (n = 28). Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) was the predefined treatment target. Based on individual structural magnetic resonance imaging scans, surface-based analysis was conducted to quantitatively measure the baseline radiomic features of left DLPFC. Severity of depression, global cognition and the serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) level were evaluated at baseline, 3-, 6- and 12-week follow-ups. Logistic regression analysis revealed that advanced age, higher baseline cognition and randomized group were associated with the remission of depression. Increased cortical thickness and gyrification in left DLPFC were the significant predictors of clinical remission and cognitive enhancement. A 3-week course of 10 Hz rTMS is an effective adjuvant treatment for rapid ameliorating depressive symptoms and enhancing cognitive function. Pre-treatment radiomic features of the stimulation target can predict the response to rTMS treatment in major NCD. Cortical thickness and folding of treatment target may serve as imaging markers to detect the responders. ChiCTR-IOR-16008191, registered on March 30, 2016.
Erratum: Efficacy of adjunctive D-cycloserine to intermittent theta-burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial (JAMA Psychiatry (2022) DOI: 10.1001/jamapsychiatry.2022.3255)$$$ In the Original Investigation titled "Efficacy of Adjunctive D-Cycloserine to Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized Clinical Trial,"1 published on October 12, 2022, there was an error in Figure 2. In panel C, one of the group percentages was incorrect. This article has been corrected online.
Efficacy of Adjunctive D -Cycloserine to Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: The antidepressant effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols for major depressive disorder (MDD) are thought to depend on synaptic plasticity. The theta-burst stimulation (TBS) protocol synaptic plasticity is known to be N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)-receptor dependent, yet it is unknown whether enhancing NMDA-receptor signaling improves treatment outcomes in MDD. Objective: To test whether low doses of the NMDA-receptor partial-agonist, D-cycloserine, would enhance intermittent TBS (iTBS) treatment outcomes in MDD. Design, Setting, and Participants: This was a single-site 4-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized clinical trial conducted from November 6, 2019, to December 24, 2020, including 50 participants with MDD. Participants were recruited via advertisements and referral. Inclusion criteria were as follows: age 18 to 65 years with a primary diagnosis of MDD, a major depressive episode with score of 18 or more on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, a Young Mania Rating Scale score of 8 or less, and normal blood work (including complete blood cell count, electrolytes, liver function tests, and creatinine level). Interventions: Participants were randomly assigned 1:1 to either iTBS plus placebo or iTBS plus D-cycloserine (100 mg) for the first 2 weeks followed by iTBS without an adjunct for weeks 3 and 4. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was change in depressive symptoms as measured by the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at the conclusion of treatment. Secondary outcomes included clinical response, clinical remission, and Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scores. Results: A total of 50 participants (mean [SD] age, 40.8 [13.4] years; 31 female [62%]) were randomly assigned to treatment groups: iTBS plus placebo (mean [SD] baseline score, 30.3 [4.2]) and iTBS plus D-cycloserine (mean [SD] baseline score, 30.4 [4.5]). The iTBS plus D-cycloserine group had greater improvements in MADRS scores compared with the iTBS plus placebo group (mean difference, -6.15; 95% CI, -2.43 to -9.88; Hedges g = 0.99; 95% CI, 0.34-1.62). Rates of clinical response were higher in the iTBS plus D-cycloserine group than in the iTBS plus placebo group (73.9% vs 29.3%), as were rates of clinical remission (39.1% vs 4.2%). This was reflected in lower CGI-severity ratings and greater CGI-improvement ratings. No serious adverse events occurred. Conclusions and Relevance: Findings from this clinical trial indicate that adjunctive D-cycloserine may be a promising strategy for enhancing transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment outcomes in MDD using iTBS requiring further investigation. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03937596.
Efficacy and Safety of Ketamine vs Electroconvulsive Therapy Among Patients With Major Depressive Episode: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Importance: Whether ketamine is as effective as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) among patients with major depressive episode remains unknown. Objective: To systematically review and meta-analyze data about clinical efficacy and safety for ketamine and ECT in patients with major depressive episode. Data Sources: PubMed, MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, and Embase were systematically searched using Medical Subject Headings (MeSH) terms and text keywords from database inception through April 19, 2022, with no language limits. Two authors also manually and independently searched all relevant studies in US and European clinical trial registries and Google Scholar. Study Selection: Included were studies that involved (1) a diagnosis of depression using standardized diagnostic criteria, (2) intervention/comparator groups consisting of ECT and ketamine, and (3) depressive symptoms as an efficacy outcome using standardized measures. Data Extraction and Synthesis: Data extraction was completed independently by 2 extractors and cross-checked for errors. Hedges g standardized mean differences (SMDs) were used for improvement in depressive symptoms. SMDs with corresponding 95% CIs were estimated using fixed- or random-effects models. The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) reporting guideline was followed. Main Outcomes and Measures: Efficacy outcomes included depression severity, cognition, and memory performance. Safety outcomes included serious adverse events (eg, suicide attempts and deaths) and other adverse events. Results: Six clinical trials comprising 340 patients (n = 162 for ECT and n = 178 for ketamine) were included in the review. Six of 6 studies enrolled patients who were eligible to receive ECT, 6 studies were conducted in inpatient settings, and 5 studies were randomized clinical trials. The overall pooled SMD for depression symptoms for ECT when compared with ketamine was -0.69 (95% CI, -0.89 to -0.48; Cochran Q, P =.15; I2= 39%), suggesting an efficacy advantage for ECT compared with ketamine for depression severity. Significant differences were not observed between groups for studies that assessed cognition/memory or serious adverse events. Both ketamine and ECT had unique adverse effect profiles (ie, ketamine: lower risks for headache and muscle pain; ECT: lower risks for blurred vision, vertigo, diplopia/nystagmus, and transient dissociative/depersonalization symptoms). Limitations included low to moderate methodological quality and underpowered study designs. Conclusions and Relevance: Findings from this systematic review and meta-analysis suggest that ECT may be superior to ketamine for improving depression severity in the acute phase, but treatment options should be individualized and patient-centered..
Narrative Review of Noninvasive Brain Stimulation in Stroke Rehabilitation$$$ Stroke is a disease with a high incidence and disability rate, resulting in changes in neural network and corticoid-subcortical excitability and various functional disabilities. The aim of the present study was to discuss the current status of research and limitations and potential direction in the application of noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) on post-stroke patients. This literature review focused on clinical studies and reviews. Literature retrieval was conducted in PubMed, Cochrane, Scopus, and CNKI, using the following: Repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation, Transcranial direct current stimulation, Transcranial alternating current stimulation, Transcranial alternating current stimulation, Transcranial focused ultrasound, Noninvasive vagus nerve stimulation, Stroke, and Rehabilitation. We selected 200 relevant publications from 1985 to 2022. An overview of recent research on the use of NIBS on post-stroke patients, including its mechanism, therapeutic parameters, effects, and safety, is presented. It was found that NIBS has positive therapeutic effects on dysfunctions of motor, sensory, cognitive, speech, swallowing, and depression after stroke, but standardized stimulus programs are still lacking. The literature suggests that rTMS and tDCS are more beneficial to post-stroke patients, while tFUS and tVNS are currently less studied for post-stroke rehabilitation, but are also potential interventions.
Vagally Mediated Heart Rate Variability Is Associated With Executive Function Changes in Patients With Treatment-Resistant Depression Following Magnetic Seizure Therapy$$$ Objectives: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel investigational brain stimulation modality for patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). MST is a potential alternative seizure-based treatment to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), given that it may offer equivalent antidepressant efficacy, yet with a relative sparing of cognitive functioning. Heart rate variability (HRV) is a marker of central autonomic functioning. We aimed to explore the relationships among baseline HRV, age, clinical outcome, and executive function following MST, in patients with TRD. Materials and Methods: Eighty-eight TRD patients (55 females; 18–70 years) were enrolled and 48 patients completed a course of MST in an open-label study. Patients received MST treatments two to three times per week, using one of three stimulation frequencies (ie, 100 Hz, 50 Hz, or 25 Hz) at 100% stimulator output. Root mean square of the successive R-R differences (RMSSD), an index of HRV, was computed from a baseline electrocardiogram (ECG) recording. Clinical symptoms were assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D24) and the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS16). Executive function was assessed using the Trail Making Test and the Mazes Test from the MATRICS battery. Results: Baseline RMSSD was correlated with baseline HAM-D24 (r = −0.340, p = 0.001) and baseline Mazes Test (r = 0.417, p = 0.0007) but not with baseline Trail Making Test. Furthermore, baseline RMSSD was not correlated with changes on the HAM-D24, QIDS16, or total scores on the Trail Making Test. However, there was a significant correlation between baseline RMSSD and improvement on the Mazes Test following MST (r = 0.502, p = 0.0004). Conclusions: Since this is an open-label trial, the influence of the placebo effect cannot be excluded. However, our results suggest that baseline RMSSD may be a state-biomarker of depression and executive function impairment. Additionally, while baseline vagally mediated resting cardiac activity did not predict the outcome of depression, it may mediate executive function improvements following MST.
rTMS combined with CBT as a next step in antidepressant non-responders: a study protocol for a randomized comparison with current antidepressant treatment approaches$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is one of the most common psychiatric disorders, however, current treatment options are insufficiently effective for about 35% of patients, resulting in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a form of non-invasive neuromodulation that is effective in treating TRD. Not much is known about the comparative efficacy of rTMS and other treatments and their timing within the treatment algorithm, making it difficult for the treating physician to establish when rTMS is best offered as a treatment option. This study aims to investigate the (cost-)effectiveness of rTMS (in combination with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and continued antidepressant medication), compared to the next step in the treatment algorithm. This will be done in a sample of patients with treatment resistant non-psychotic unipolar depression. Methods: In this pragmatic multicenter randomized controlled trial 132 patients with MDD are randomized to either rTMS or the next pharmacological step within the current treatment protocol (a switch to a tricyclic antidepressant or augmentation with lithium or a second-generation antipsychotic). Both groups also receive CBT. The trial consists of 8 weeks of unblinded treatment followed by follow-up of the cohort at four and 6 months. A subgroup of patients (n = 92) will have an extended follow-up at nine and 12 months to assess effect decay or retention. We expect that rTMS is more (cost-)effective than medication in reducing depressive symptoms in patients with TRD. We will also explore the effects of both treatments on symptoms associated with depression, e.g. anhedonia and rumination, as well as the effect of expectations regarding the treatments on its effectiveness. Discussion: The present trial aims to inform clinical decision making about whether rTMS should be considered as a treatment option in patients with TRD. The results may improve treatment outcomes in patients with TRD and may facilitate adoption of rTMS in the treatment algorithm for depression and its implementation in clinical practice. Trial registration: This trial is registered within the Netherlands Trial Register (code: NL7628, date: March 29th 2019).
Assessing and improving public mental health literacy concerning rTMS$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has received empirical support as a viable treatment alternative for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder. Nevertheless, patients and the public-at-large may be hesitant to adopt rTMS. In three studies, we sought to (1) assess and (2) improve public perceptions of rTMS as a treatment for depression. Methods: In Study 1 (N = 107), we administered questionnaires on Amazon’s Mechanical Turk (MTurk) to individuals from the US and Canada in a cross-sectional design to assess perceptions of rTMS compared to psychopharmacology, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and talk therapy. In Study 2 (N = 106), we again used an MTurk sample and a cross-sectional design to assess perceptions of rTMS after providing participants with a relatively long description of rTMS. In Study 3 (N = 308), we conducted an experiment in undergraduate students. Participants were randomized to one of four experimental conditions manipulating participants’ understanding of the causal mechanisms of depression prior to assessing their perceptions of rTMS. Results: Public perceptions of rTMS were more negative than pharmacotherapy and talk therapy but not ECT (Study 1). rTMS perceptions were notably better when participants were given thorough information about rTMS procedures, pain, and side-effects (Study 2), compared to the previous study when they were given a very brief description of rTMS. Finally, perceptions of rTMS were significantly better when participants were given a brain circuitry-based causal explanation of depression compared to when they were given a psychological explanation of the causes of depression (Study 3). Conclusions: Public perceptions of rTMS are relatively poor. To improve rTMS acceptability, practitioners should carefully consider patients’ prior attitudes and beliefs when explaining rTMS as a treatment alternative. Given that beliefs can have powerful effects on treatment outcome (e.g., placebo, nocebo), future research should explore whether rTMS effects on depression can be improved by facilitating less negative perceptions of rTMS.
A multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial to test efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation to the motor cortex after stroke (NETS): study protocol$$$ Introduction: The WHO estimates that each year 5 million people are left permanently disabled after stroke. Adjuvant treatments to promote the effects of rehabilitation are urgently needed. Cortical excitability and neuroplasticity can be enhanced by non-invasive brain stimulation but evidence from sufficiently powered, randomized controlled multi-center clinical trials is absent. Methods: Neuroregeneration enhanced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in stroke (NETS) tested efficacy and safety of anodal tDCS to the primary motor cortex of the lesioned hemisphere in the subacute phase (day 5–45) after cerebral ischemia. Stimulation was combined with standardized rehabilitative training and repeatedly applied in 10 sessions over a period of 2 weeks in a planned sample of 120 patients. Primary outcome parameter was upper-extremity function at the end of the 2-weeks intervention period of active treatment or placebo (1:1 randomization), measured by the upper-extremity Fugl-Meyer assessment. Sustainability of the treatment effect was evaluated by additional follow-up visits after 30 and 90 days. Further secondary endpoints included metrics of arm and hand function, stroke impact scale, and the depression module of the patient health questionnaire. Perspective: NETS was aimed at providing evidence for an effective and safe adjuvant treatment for patients after stroke. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT00909714. Registered May 28, 2009.
Study of effect of nimodipine and acetaminophen on postictal symptoms in depressed patients after electroconvulsive therapy (SYNAPSE)$$$ Background: Postictal phenomena as delirium, headache, nausea, myalgia, and anterograde and retrograde amnesia are common manifestations after seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Comparable postictal phenomena also contribute to the burden of patients with epilepsy. The pathophysiology of postictal phenomena is poorly understood and effective treatments are not available. Recently, seizure-induced cyclooxygenase (COX)-mediated postictal vasoconstriction, accompanied by cerebral hypoperfusion and hypoxia, has been identified as a candidate mechanism in experimentally induced seizures in rats. Vasodilatory treatment with acetaminophen or calcium antagonists reduced postictal hypoxia and postictal symptoms. The aim of this clinical trial is to study the effects of acetaminophen and nimodipine on postictal phenomena after ECT-induced seizures in patients suffering major depressive disorder. We hypothesize that (1) acetaminophen and nimodipine will reduce postictal electroencephalographic (EEG) phenomena, (2) acetaminophen and nimodipine will reduce magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measures of postictal cerebral hypoperfusion, (3) acetaminophen and nimodipine will reduce clinical postictal phenomena, and (4) postictal phenomena will correlate with measures of postictal hypoperfusion. Methods: We propose a prospective, three-condition cross-over design trial with randomized condition allocation, open-label treatment, and blinded end-point evaluation (PROBE design). Thirty-three patients (age > 17 years) suffering from a depressive episode treated with ECT will be included. Randomly and alternately, single doses of nimodipine (60 mg), acetaminophen (1000 mg), or water will be given two hours prior to each ECT session with a maximum of twelve sessions per patient. The primary outcome measure is ‘postictal EEG recovery time’, expressed and quantified as an adapted version of the temporal brain symmetry index, yielding a time constant for the duration of the postictal state on EEG. Secondary outcome measures include postictal cerebral perfusion, measured by arterial spin labelling MRI, and the postictal clinical ‘time to orientation’. Discussion: With this clinical trial, we will systematically study postictal EEG, MRI and clinical phenomena after ECT-induced seizures and will test the effects of vasodilatory treatment intending to reduce postictal symptoms. If an effect is established, this will provide a novel treatment of postictal symptoms in ECT patients. Ultimately, these findings may be generalized to patients with epilepsy. Trial registration: Inclusion in SYNAPSE started in December 2019. Prospective trial registration number is NCT04028596 on the international clinical trial register on July 22, 2019.
Transcranial Electrical Stimulation for Psychiatric Disorders in Adults: A Primer$$$ Transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) comprises noninvasive neuromodulation techniques that deliver lowamplitude electrical currents to targeted brain regions with the goal of modifying neural activities. Expanding evidence from the past decade, specifically using transcranial direct current simulation and transcranial alternating current stimulation, presents promising applications of tES as a treatment for psychiatric disorders. In this review, the authors discuss the basic technical aspects and mechanisms of action of tES in the context of clinical research and practice and review available evidence for its clinical use, efficacy, and safety. They also review recent advancements in use of tES for the treatment of depressive disorders, schizophrenia, substance use disorders, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. Findings largely support growing evidence for the safety and efficacy of tES in the treatment of patients with resistance to existing treatment options, particularly demonstrating promising treatment outcomes for depressive disorders. Future directions of tES research for optimal application in clinical settings are discussed, including the growing home-based, patient-friendly methods and the potential pairing with existing pharmacological or psychotherapeutic treatments for enhanced outcomes. Finally, neuroimaging advancements may provide more specific mapping of brain networks, aiming at more precise tES therapeutic targeting in the treatment of psychiatric disorders.
Efficacy and safety of Gyejibokryeong-hwan (GBH) in major depressive disorder: study protocol for multicentre randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Gyejibokryeong-hwan (GBH) is an herbal medicine composed of five herbs. It has been widely used to treat gynaecological diseases in traditional East Asian medicine. Recent animal studies suggest antidepressant effects of GBH. In this trial, we explore the efficacy and safety of GBH in patients with major depressive disorder and to identify the optimal dose for the next phase III trial. Methods: This trial will enrol 126 patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder and not treated with antidepressants. Participants will be randomised to receive a high or a low dose of GBH or placebo granules. The study drugs will be administered three times a day, for 8 weeks. The 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) will be used to measure the severity of depressive symptoms at weeks 2, 4, 6, 8, and 12. The primary efficacy endpoint is the change from baseline in HDRS-17 total score post-treatment at week 8. Analysis of covariance will be based on the baseline HDRS-17 total score and site as the covariates. Safety assessment will be based on the frequency of adverse events. The severity and causality of the study drug will be assessed. Discussion: This study is designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of GBH granules compared with placebo in patients with major depressive disorder. Trial registration: Clinical Research Information Service KCT0004417. Registered on November 1, 2019 (prospective registration).
Relationship among psychotic features, benzodiazepine receptor agonists, and rehospitalization in patients with electroconvulsive therapy-responsive major depressive disorder: A retrospective 2-year observational study$$$ Aim: It is controversial whether psychotic features are a risk factor for relapse in patients with electroconvulsive therapy-responsive major depressive disorder. A recent study reported that benzodiazepine receptor agonists reduce relapse of psychotic depression. As long-term use of these agonists may induce dependence, further research is required. We examined whether psychotic features are associated with rehospitalization in electroconvulsive therapy-responsive major depressive disorder patients. We also investigated whether taking benzodiazepine receptor agonists at the end of electro-convulsive therapy was associated with rehospitalization among patients with psychotic depression. Methods: This study included 47 hospitalized patients (22 with psychotic depression, 25 with non-psychotic depression) who had responded to electroconvulsive therapy. Rehospitalization for major depressive episodes within two years from the last session was investigated. Results: Twenty-three subjects (49%) were rehospitalized during the two-year follow-up. Kaplan–Meier analysis revealed no difference in rehospitalization between patients with psychotic and non-psychotic depression (Log-rank P = 0.87). Among the 22 responders to electroconvulsive therapy with psychotic depression, there was no difference in benzodiazepine receptor agonist use at the end of electroconvulsive therapy between the rehospitalization and non-rehospitalization groups. Conclusion: Our exploratory study found no difference in the benzodiazepine receptor agonists use at the end of electroconvulsive therapy between rehospitalization and non-rehospitalization groups in patients with electroconvulsive therapy-responsive psychotic depression. Thus, the relapse-preventing effect of these agonists in psychotic depression should be investigated in future randomized controlled trials. Further research is also needed to determine whether psychotic features are associated with rehospitalization in these patients.
Topiramate and other kainate receptor antagonists for depression: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Depression is a common disorder that affects patients' quality of life and incurs health system costs. Due to the resistance to treat depression, better understanding of neurophysiology was considered; one of the implications is the glutamatergic system. This study aims to systematically review clinical trials investigating the antidepressant effects of kainate receptor antagonists. Methods: The study protocol was registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021213912). Scopus, ISI, Embase, PubMed, Cochrane Library, Google Scholar, and two trial registries were searched for randomized controlled trials on the effectiveness of topiramate, phenobarbital, and other ten barbiturates in depression. The difference with control groups in terms of changing depressive symptoms was the primary outcome. Results: Nine trials were identified, in which 784 patients were studied. The efficacy of thiopental was comparable to that of imipramine, with fewer side effects. When administered with electroconvulsive therapy, it had fewer to similar effects and fewer side effects than ketamine. Both monotherapy and adjunctive therapy with topiramate were effective and tolerable in treating depressed patients. Phenobarbital had therapeutic effects compared to imipramine and amitriptyline with fewer side effects. Conclusion: Regarding the glutamatergic hypothesis of depression and obtained promising results, further studies of kainate receptor antagonists in high-quality trials are recommended. Given the high prevalence of depression in epileptic patients, more problems with its treatment, and the fact that the studied agents were anticonvulsants, it is recommended that future studies prioritize depressed-epileptic patients.
A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the safety and efficacy of lamotrigine in the maintenance treatment of Chinese adult patients with bipolar I disorder$$$ Background: Lamotrigine is approved as a maintenance therapy for bipolar I disorder in many countries, including China in 2021. This study evaluated the efficacy and safety of lamotrigine in controlling relapse and/or recurrence of mood episodes in Chinese patients with bipolar I disorder. Methods: Patients aged ≥ 18 years with bipolar I disorder who met response criteria (Clinical Global Impression–Severity [CGI-S] score of ≤ 3 for ≥ 4 consecutive weeks) during treatment with lamotrigine in a 6–16 week open-label (OL) phase, and who were maintained for ≥ 1 week on lamotrigine 200 mg/day monotherapy, were randomised (1:1) to continue receiving lamotrigine 200 mg/day or switch to placebo in a 36-week randomised double-blind (RD) phase. The primary efficacy outcome measure was time from entry into the RD phase to intervention for relapse and/or recurrence of a mood episode (TIME). Post hoc analyses assessed the impact of OL baseline mood severity on TIME. Safety assessments were conducted throughout the study. Results: Of 420 patients treated in the OL phase, 264 were randomised to receive lamotrigine (n = 131) or placebo (n = 133). Overall, 112 patients had an intervention for relapse and/or recurrence of a mood episode (lamotrigine, n = 50/130 [38.5%]; placebo, n = 62/133 [46.6%]), with no significant difference in TIME between groups (adjusted hazard ratio [95% confidence interval (CI)] 0.93 [0.64, 1.35]; p = 0.701). Post hoc analyses indicated a significant difference in TIME, favouring lamotrigine over placebo, for patients with baseline CGI-S score ≥ 4 (hazard ratio [95% CI] 0.52 [0.30, 0.89]; p = 0.018) and with baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale ≥ 18 or Young Mania Rating Scale ≥ 10 (0.44 [hazard ratio [95% CI] 0.25, 0.78]; p = 0.005). Lamotrigine was well tolerated with no new safety signals. Conclusions: Lamotrigine was not significantly superior to placebo in preventing relapse and/or recurrence of mood episodes in this study of Chinese patients with bipolar I disorder but post hoc analyses suggested a therapeutic benefit in patients with moderate/severe mood symptoms at baseline. The discrepancy between these findings and the positive findings of the pivotal studies may be attributable to the symptom severity of the bipolar patients recruited, a high dropout rate, and the comparatively short duration of the RD phase rather than race/ethnicity differences. Clinical trial registration ClinicalTrial.gov Identifier NCT01602510; 21st May 2012; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT01602510.
Safety of low-intensity repetitive transcranial magneTic brAin stimUlation foR people living with mUltiple Sclerosis (TAURUS): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is an inflammatory and neurodegenerative disease, characterised by oligodendrocyte death and demyelination. Oligodendrocyte progenitor cells can differentiate into new replacement oligodendrocytes; however, remyelination is insufficient to protect neurons from degeneration in people with MS. We previously reported that 4 weeks of daily low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in an intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) pattern increased the number of new myelinating oligodendrocytes in healthy adult mice. This study translates this rTMS protocol and aims to determine its safety and tolerability for people living with MS. We will also perform magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and symptom assessments as preliminary indicators of myelin addition following rTMS. Methods: Participants (N = 30, aged 18–65 years) will have a diagnosis of relapsing-remitting or secondary progressive MS. ≤2 weeks before the intervention, eligible, consenting participants will complete a physical exam, baseline brain MRI scan and participant-reported MS symptom assessments [questionnaires: Fatigue Severity Scale, Quality of Life (AQoL-8D), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale; and smartphone-based measures of cognition (electronic symbol digit modalities test), manual dexterity (pinching test, draw a shape test) and gait (U-Turn test)]. Participants will be pseudo-randomly allocated to rTMS (n=20) or sham (placebo; n=10), stratified by sex. rTMS or sham will be delivered 5 days per week for 4 consecutive weeks (20 sessions, 6 min per day). rTMS will be applied using a 90-mm circular coil at low-intensity (25% maximum stimulator output) in an iTBS pattern. For sham, the coil will be oriented 90° to the scalp, preventing the magnetic field from stimulating the brain. Adverse events will be recorded daily. We will evaluate participant blinding after the first, 10th and final session. After the final session, participants will repeat symptom assessments and brain MRI, for comparison with baseline. Participant-reported assessments will be repeated at 4-month post-allocation follow-up. Discussion: This study will determine whether this rTMS protocol is safe and tolerable for people with MS. MRI and participant-reported symptom assessments will serve as preliminary indications of rTMS efficacy for myelin addition to inform further studies. Trial registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry ACTRN12619001196134. Registered on 27 August 2019.
Predicting treatment response using EEG in major depressive disorder: A machine-learning meta-analysis$$$ Selecting a course of treatment in psychiatry remains a trial-and-error process, and this long-standing clinical challenge has prompted an increased focus on predictive models of treatment response using machine learning techniques. Electroencephalography (EEG) represents a cost-effective and scalable potential measure to predict treatment response to major depressive disorder. We performed separate meta-analyses to determine the ability of models to distinguish between responders and non-responders using EEG across treatments, as well as a performed subgroup analysis of response to transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and antidepressants (Registration Number: CRD42021257477) in Major Depressive Disorder by searching PubMed, Scopus, and Web of Science for articles published between January 1960 and February 2022. We included 15 studies that predicted treatment responses among patients with major depressive disorder using machine-learning techniques. Within a random-effects model with a restricted maximum likelihood estimator comprising 758 patients, the pooled accuracy across studies was 83.93% (95% CI: 78.90–89.29), with an Area-Under-the-Curve (AUC) of 0.850 (95% CI: 0.747–0.890), and partial AUC of 0.779. The average sensitivity and specificity across models were 77.96% (95% CI: 60.05–88.70), and 84.60% (95% CI: 67.89–92.39), respectively. In a subgroup analysis, greater performance was observed in predicting response to rTMS (Pooled accuracy: 85.70% (95% CI: 77.45–94.83), Area-Under-the-Curve (AUC): 0.928, partial AUC: 0.844), relative to antidepressants (Pooled accuracy: 81.41% (95% CI: 77.45–94.83, AUC: 0.895, pAUC: 0.821). Furthermore, across all meta-analyses, the specificity (true negatives) of EEG models was greater than the sensitivity (true positives), suggesting that EEG models thus far better identify non-responders than responders to treatment in MDD. Studies varied widely in important features across models, although relevant features included absolute and relative power in frontal and temporal electrodes, measures of connectivity, and asymmetry across hemispheres. Predictive models of treatment response using EEG hold promise in major depressive disorder, although there is a need for prospective model validation in independent datasets, and a greater emphasis on replicating physiological markers. Crucially, standardization in cut-off values and clinical scales for defining clinical response and non-response will aid in the reproducibility of findings and the clinical utility of predictive models. Furthermore, several models thus far have used data from open-label trials with small sample sizes and evaluated performance in the absence of training and testing sets, which increases the risk of statistical overfitting. Large consortium studies are required to establish predictive signatures of treatment response using EEG, and better elucidate the replicability of specific markers. Additionally, it is speculated that greater performance was observed in rTMS models, since EEG is assessing neural networks more likely to be directly targeted by rTMS, comprising electrical activity primarily near the surface of the cortex. Prospectively, there is a need for models that examine the comparative effectiveness of multiple treatments across the same patients. However, this will require a thoughtful consideration towards cumulative treatment effects, and whether washout periods between treatments should be utilised. Regardless, longitudinal cross-over trials comparing multiple treatments across the same group of patients will be an important prerequisite step to both facilitate precision psychiatry and identify generalizable physiological predictors of response between and across treatment options.
Treatment-Resistant Bipolar Depression: Therapeutic Trends, Challenges and Future Directions$$$ Introduction: Bipolar disorder (BD) is a chronic mental illness impacting 1–2% of the population worldwide and causing high rates of functional impairment. Patients with BD spend most of their time in depressive episodes and up to one-third of patients do not respond to adequate doses of medications. Although no consensus exists for definition of treatment-resistant bipolar depression (TRBD), failure of symptoms improvement despite an adequate trial of two therapeutic agents is a common theme of TRBD. In this paper, we review the evidence base of therapeutic interventions, challenges, and potential future directions for TRBD. Methods: We conducted a literature search for randomized controlled trials on PubMed for the treatment of TRBD and ongoing trials for the treatment of TRBD/bipolar depression on clinicaltrials.gov. Results: Several therapeutic agents have been investigated for TRBD. Adjunctive pramipexole and modafinil have data supporting short-term efficacy in TRBD, along with limited data for racemic intravenous ketamine. Celecoxib augmentation of escitalopram and treatment with metformin in patients with insulin resistance showed promising results. Right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy displayed statistically significant response rate and improvement, but not remission compared to pharmacotherapy. Trials for transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) have failed to show a significant difference from sham treatment in TRBD. Future Trends: Pharmacological treatments with novel mechanisms of actions like brexpiprazole and vortioxetine are being investigated following successes in unipolar depression. Modified TMS protocols such as accelerated TMS are under investigation. Innovative approaches like psychedelic-assisted psychotherapy, interleukin-2, fecal microbiota transplantation and multipotent stromal cells are being studied. Conclusion: Evidence on current treatment modalities for TRBD is limited with low efficacy. More research is needed for successful treatment of TRBD. Effective therapies and innovative approaches to treatment are being investigated and could show promise.
Effect of Hesperetin on the Antidepressant Activity of Electroconvulsive Therapy in an Enforced Reserpine Model of Depression in Male Rats$$$ Background: Depression is a common and debilitating disorder of the brain. Many pharmacological therapies, including many plant components (such as flavonoids), are used to treat depression. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a useful method for depressed patients who do not respond to medication. However, this method has some side effects. Hence, investigators have tried to improve ECT’s positive points by diminishing its side effects. Objectives: We investigated the effect of hesperetin (a flavonoid component) on the antidepressant activity of ECT in an enforced reserpine model of depression in male rats. Methods: Eighty male rats (230-250 g) were randomly divided into control, ECT + reserpine (Res), Res + hesperetin (Hes; 10 or 20 mg/kg), Res + ECT, and Res + ECT + Hes (10 or 20 mg/kg) groups. The effects of hesperetin were evaluated by the forced swimming test (FST), sucrose preference test (SPT), open field test (OFT), elevated plus maze test (EPMT), as well as by measurement of the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and oxidative stress biomarkers [ie, malondialdehyde (MDA), superoxide dismutase (SOD), and glutathione (GSH)] in the prefrontal cortex area. Results: The outcomes of the behavioral experiments showed that Hes + ECT treatment could raise the percentage of open arm entrance in EPMT, anhedonia in SPT, and decrease immobilization time in FST compared to the groups treated with ECT (P < 0.05) or hesperetin alone. Our biochemical research also illustrated a significant reduction in MDA in the groups treated with ECT + Hes (10 or 20 mg/kg; P < 0.01 and P < 0.001) and ECT or hesperetin, as well as a significant increase in GSH, SOD, and BDNF in the ECT + Hes (20 mg/kg) animal group (P < 0.001). Conclusions: In depressed rats, the ECT linked to the application of hesperetin could significantly elevate BDNF, GSH, and SOD reduction in depressed male rats.
Central nervous system effects of TAK-653, an investigational alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole receptor (AMPAR) positive allosteric modulator in healthy volunteers$$$ TAK-653 is a novel AMPA receptor positive allosteric modulator in clinical development for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). This study aimed to measure the functional pharmacodynamic central nervous system (CNS) effects of TAK-653. A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled, three-way crossover (placebo, TAK-653 0.5 mg and 6 mg) study with 24 healthy volunteers was performed. NeuroCart tests consisting of body sway (BS), saccadic peak velocity (SPV), smooth pursuit eye movements (SP), adaptive tracking (AT), Bowdle and Bond and Lader Visual Analogue Scales (B-VAS and BL-VAS) and Stroop test were performed pre-dose and 3.5 and 4 h post-dose. Data were analysed using a mixed model analysis of covariance with baseline as covariate. It was found that TAK-653 did not affect BS and subjective drug effects as measured by B-VAS and BL-VAS at either dose level. TAK-653 0.5 mg increased SPV (degrees/second) (19.49 [5.98, 32.99], P = 0.02) and affected Stroop difference in reaction time between correct congruent and correct incongruent answers and number of correct responses in incongruent trials (22.0 [4.0, 40.0], P = 0.05 and −0.3 [−0.5, −0.1], P = 0.02, respectively). TAK-653 6 mg improved AT (%) (1.68 [0.51, 2.84], P = 0.02) and increased SPV (degrees/s) (15.40 [1.91, 28.90], P = 0.06) and SP (%) (2.32 [0.37, 4.27], P = 0.05). Based on these findings it can be concluded that TAK-653 demonstrated a psychostimulant-like pharmacodynamic profile on the NeuroCart consistent with previously reported increase of cortical excitability following Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) of the human motor cortex.
Multiple comparison of different noninvasive brain stimulation and pharmacologic interventions in patients with methamphetamine use disorders: A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Aim: In recent decades, the prevalence of amphetamine and methamphetamine use disorders has at least doubled in some regions/countries, with accompanying high risks of drug overdose-associated mortality. Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) methods may be effective treatments. However, the comparative efficacy of the NIBS protocol for amphetamine/methamphetamine use disorder (AUD/MUD) remains unknown to date. The aim of this network meta-analysis (NMA) was to compare the efficacy and acceptability of various NIBS methods/protocols for AUD/MUD management. Methods: A frequentist model-based NMA was conducted. We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that investigated the efficacy of NIBS and guideline-recommended pharmacologic treatments to reduce craving severity in patients with either AUD or MUD. Results: Twenty-two RCTs including 1888 participants met the eligibility criteria. Compared with the sham/placebo group (study = 19, subjects = 891), a combination of intermittent theta burst stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and continuous TBS over the left ventromedial prefrontal cortex (study = 1, subjects = 19) was associated with the largest decreases in craving severity [standardized mean difference (SMD) = −1.50; 95% confidence intervals (95%CIs) = −2.70 to −0.31]. High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left DLPFC was associated with the largest improvements in depression and quality of sleep (study = 3, subjects = 86) (SMD = −2.48; 95%CIs = −3.25 to −1.71 and SMD = −2.43; 95%CIs = −3.38 to −1.48, respectively). The drop-out rate of most investigated treatments did not significantly differ between groups. Conclusion: The combined TBS protocol over the prefrontal cortex was associated with the greatest improvement in craving severity. Since few studies were available for inclusion, additional large-scale randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Suicidality and relief of depressive symptoms with intermittent theta burst stimulation in a sham-controlled randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: Suicidality is a serious public health problem and is closely associated with the severity of depression. In this work, we examined the effects of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) on suicidal status, risk factors for suicide, and severity of depressive symptoms in subjects with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: We present data from a quadruple-blind (patient, care provider, investigator, rater) sham-controlled crossover randomized clinical trial. During a 6-week observation period, each participant underwent 2 weeks of stimulation - each week with 20 sessions of active or sham iTBS. A suicide score was created using a composite of individual items from Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Scale (MADRS), Hamilton Depression Scale, and Beck Depression Inventory. The severity of depression was determined by MADRS total scores. In addition, we used demographic and Columbia Suicidality Rating Scale information to assess suicide risk. Results: Among 81 participants, we observed a significant reduction in suicidality and this change was positively correlated with a change in depressive symptoms. A significant difference between active and sham iTBS provided evidence for antidepressant effects. Higher changes in levels of anxiety and impulsiviness also correlated with larger changes in suicidality. Conclusions: As neither suicide nor other serious adverse events were evidenced, this intervention was a safe and viable procedure to reduce suicidality and severity of depressive symptoms. Moreover, we identified more pronounced anti-suicidal effects in those with higher risk profiles. Unlike MADRS, composite suicidal scores did not provide evidence of an effect between stimulation conditions in this crossover design study. Even so, based on our promising results, parallel and larger studies could contribute to a better characterization of the anti-suicidal placebo effect and the benefit of using iTBS against suicidal symptoms.
High-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) as augmentation therapy in late-life depression (LLD) with suboptimal response to treatment—a study protocol for a double-blinded randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Late-life depression (LLD) has a poorer prognosis and higher relapse rate than younger adults, with up to one third of patients with LLD showing suboptimal response to antidepressant therapy. LLD has been associated with significant impairment in cognition and daily functioning. Few studies have evaluated the therapeutic effects of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) on depressive and cognitive symptoms of LLD. The current randomized controlled trial assesses the efficacy of HD-tDCS as an augmentation therapy with antidepressants compared to sham-control in subjects with LLD. Methods: Fifty-eight patients with LLD will be recruited and randomly assigned to the active HD-tDCS or sham HD-tDCS group. In both groups, patients will receive the active or sham intervention in addition to their pre-existing antidepressant therapy, for 2 weeks with 5 sessions per week, each lasting 30 min. The primary outcome measures will be the change of depressive symptoms, clinical response and the remission rate as measured with the Hamilton Depression Rating scale (HAMD-17) before and after the intervention, and at the 4th and 12th week after the completed intervention. Secondary outcome measures include cognitive symptoms, anxiety symptoms, daily functioning and adverse effects. Discussion: Older adults with depression are associated with poorer outcomes or unsatisfactory responses to antidepressant therapy, and significant cognitive decline. Therefore, a new effective treatment option is needed. This randomized control trial aims at assessing the efficacy of HD-tDCS on ameliorating the depressive, cognitive and anxiety symptoms, and improving the daily functioning of subjects with LLD. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT05322863. Registered on 11 April 2022.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on excessive daytime sleepiness in patients with Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) is a common sleep disorder in Parkinson's disease (PD), which seriously affects patients' quality of life. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can be used as an add-on therapy to a variety of non-motor symptoms of PD. However, little is known on the treatment of EDS in PD patients. Objective: To explore the effects of low frequency rTMS over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in the treatment of EDS in PD. Methods: We conducted a sham-controlled, parallel study including 25 individuals of PD with possible EDS based on Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS ≥8 points) and randomly divided them into active group (n = 15) and sham group (n = 10). 1 Hz rTMS was administrated over right DLPFC for 10 consecutive days. In the active group, we further classified them into responsive group and non-responsive group according to change of ESS score in comparison with baseline. Clinical assessments on motor and non-motor symptoms were completed at baseline, at the end of treatment and 1 month after treatment. Results: Compared to baseline, active group showed significant improvement on ESS score 10 days and 1 month after treatment (P < 0.05 for both). The percentage change of ESS score was positively related to disease duration during follow-up. No significant changes were observed on ESS score change in the sham group. Further analysis of individuals in the active group showed that, relative to those with non-response to rTMS, individuals with therapeutic response exhibited longer disease duration and lower baseline levodopa equivalent dose. Conclusion: Low frequency rTMS over right DLPFC may improve symptoms of EDS in PD.
DeepIDC: A Prediction Framework of Injectable Drug Combination Based on Heterogeneous Information and Deep Learning$$$ Background and Objective: In clinical practice, injectable drug combination (IDC) usually provides good therapeutic effects for patients. Numerous clinical studies have directly indicated that inappropriate IDC generates adverse drug events (ADEs). The clinical application of injections is increasing, and many injections lack relevant combination information. It is still a significant need for experienced clinical pharmacists to participate in evidence-based drug decision making, monitor medication safety, and manage drug interactions. Meanwhile, a large number of injection pairs and dosage combinations limit exhaustive screening. Here, we present a prediction framework, called DeepIDC, that can expediently screen the feasibility of IDCs using heterogeneous information with deep learning. This is the first specific prediction framework to identify IDCs. Methods: Since the interaction between the injected drugs may occur in the direct physical and chemical reactions at the time of mixing or may be the indirect interaction of their drug targets and pathways, we used molecular fingerprints, drug-target associations, and drug-pathway associations to convert injections into a string of digital vectors. Then, based on these injection vectors, we combined a bidirectional long short-term memory and a feed-forward neural network to build a prediction model for accurate and instructive prediction of IDC. Results: In three realistic evaluation scenarios, DeepIDC has achieved ideal prediction results. Furthermore, compared with the other five machine-learning methods, the proposed predictor is more efficient and robust. Among the top 30 potential IDCs of each IDC class predicted by DeepIDC, we found that 9 cases were experimentally verified in the literature or available on Drug.com. Conclusion: The information we extracted in vivo and in vitro can effectively characterize injectable drugs. DeepIDC developed based on deep learning algorithm provides a valuable unified framework for new IDC discovery, which can make up for the lack of IDC information and predict potential IDC events.
mPFC-rTMS for patients with insomnia disorder using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging: a protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Insomnia is the most common sleep disorder. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is safe and effective for insomnia disorder (ID). Convergent evidence show that the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) may be involved in the regulation of sleep and awakening at the cortical level and may serve as a potential target of rTMS in the treatment of ID. The purpose of this clinical trial is to study the efficacy of mPFC-rTMS in the treatment ID and explore the neural mechanism using resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI). Methods and design: This will be a parallel-group randomized, patient- and assessor-blinded trial. The study will recruit 60 ID patients assigned to a real mPFC-rTMS group or a sham mPFC-rTMS group. The allocation ratio is 1:1, with 30 subjects in each group. Interventions will be administered five times per week over a 4-week period, with an 8-week follow-up period. All participants will undergo neuropsychological and fMRI evaluations. The primary outcome measure of this study is the change scores of the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI). The secondary outcome measures include the fMRI measurements, the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD), the Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA), a sleep diary, and a polysomnography. Assessment of all parameters will be performed at baseline, post-treatment, and during follow-up. Discussion: It is expected that the study results will provide strong evidence of the effectiveness and the neural mechanism by which mPFC-rTMS improves sleep quality in ID patients. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trials Register ChiCTR2100054154. Registered on 10 December 2021.
Is transcranial direct current stimulation beneficial for treating pain, depression, and anxiety symptoms in patients with chronic pain? A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Chronic pain is often accompanied by emotional dysfunction. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been used for reducing pain, depressive and anxiety symptoms in chronic pain patients, but its therapeutic effect remains unknown. Objectives: To ascertain the treatment effect of tDCS on pain, depression, and anxiety symptoms of patients suffering from chronic pain, and potential factors that modulate the effectiveness of tDCS. Methods: Literature search was performed on PubMed, Embase, Web of Science, and Cochrane Library from inception to July 2022. Randomized controlled trials that reported the effects of tDCS on pain and depression and anxiety symptoms in patients with chronic pain were included. Results: Twenty-two studies were included in this review. Overall pooled results indicated that the use of tDCS can effectively alleviate short-term pain intensity [standard mean difference (SMD): −0.43, 95% confidence interval (CI): −0.75 to −0.12, P = 0.007] and depressive symptoms (SMD: −0.31, 95% CI, −0.47 to −0.14, P < 0.001), middle-term depressive symptoms (SMD: −0.35, 95% CI: −0.58 to −0.11, P = 0.004), long-term depressive symptoms (ES: −0.38, 95% CI: −0.64 to −0.13, P = 0.003) and anxiety symptoms (SMD: −0.26, 95% CI: −0.51 to −0.02, P = 0.03) compared with the control group. Conclusion: tDCS may be an effective short-term treatment for the improvement of pain intensity and concomitant depression and anxiety symptoms in chronic pain patients. Stimulation site, stimulation frequency, and type of chronic pain were significant influence factors for the therapeutic effect of tDCS. Systematic review registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO/display_record.php?RecordID=297693, identifier: CRD42022297693.
Optimal parameter determination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating treatment-resistant depression: A network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Many studies have shown the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). However, the choice of different parameters has been a challenging issue. Methods: PubMed, Cochrane, and Embase databases were searched for relevant studies until June 20, 2022. The treatment efficacy was evaluated by the relative risk (RR) using the pairwise test for response and remission rates. Subgroup and sensitivity analyses were conducted to explore the primary outcome differences and to assess the reliability of the results. Results: Thirty-seven trials comprising 2120 participants with TRD were included. The more efficacious interventions compared to sham controls included high-frequency left followed by low-frequency right sup-threshold (HFL-LFR-sup-rTMS, RR = 5.29, 95% CI: 1.24–22.50), high-frequency left sup-threshold (HFL-sup-rTMS, RR = 2.97, 95% CI: 1.74–5.05), low-frequency right sup-threshold (LFR-sup-rTMS, RR = 2.72, 95% CI: 1.50–4.90), low-frequency right followed by high-frequency left sup-threshold (LFR-HFL-sup-rTMS, RR = 2.71, 95% CI: 1.62–4.53), and high-frequency left sub-threshold (HFL-sub-rTMS, RR = 1.91, 95% CI: 1.18–3.10) rTMS. The estimated relative ranking of treatments suggested that HFL-LFR-sup-rTMS (84.4%) might be the most efficacious among all rTMS strategies. No treatments showed a lower acceptability than the sham control. Limitations: Subgroup analysis was not conducted to compare the efficacy of rTMS treatment between bipolar and unipolar depression, and small-study effects possibly introduced bias. Conclusion: Treatment with HFL-LFR-sup-rTMS, HFL-sup-rTMS, LFR-sup-rTMS, LFR-HFL-sup-rTMS, or HFL-sub-rTMS is more efficacious than the sham control. HFL-LFR-sup-rTMS and HFL-sup-rTMS may be the two best among the most efficacious rTMS treatments. Systematic review registration: [https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/PROSPERO], identifier [CRD42022334481].
Efficacy of adjunctive intensive transcranial direct current stimulation of different cortices in treatment-resistant depression: a study protocol for a randomized double-blinded sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) carries a high economic burden worldwide. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is advantageous for improving cognition and can be safely used in the treatment of depression. The effectiveness of tDCS of the left and right orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) as adjuvant treatment in patients with TRD has rarely been explored. Therefore, the objective of this trial is to evaluate the effectiveness there of when administering left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) positive stimulation or OFC negative stimulation in patients with TRD. Methods: Ninety eligible participants will be recruited to receive intervention at Shanghai Mental Health Center. Treatment will be randomly assigned in a double-blind fashion. Participants will receive either DLPFC (n = 30), OFC (n = 30), or sham (n = 30) tDCS, while continuing their usual pharmacotherapy at a stable dosage for at least 2 weeks before enrollment and throughout the stimulation period. All participants will receive 20 weekday stimulation sessions of 60 minutes duration each. Participants in the active group will be stimulated at 2 mA throughout the session, whereas the sham group will receive only a brief period of stimulation to mimic the sensation. After 20 stimulation sessions, no further treatment will be administered. Measurements will be conducted at regular points throughout and at 8 weeks after trial completion. The primary outcome is the change in the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) score after 20 sessions. Secondary outcomes were defined as changes in other measurement scales, cognitive function, resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI), and serum biomarkers. Discussion: We hypothesize that, in contrast to the sham group, both the active DLPFC and OFC tDCS groups will show superiority in HAMD-17 score reduction after 5, 10, and 20 sessions. Moreover, associations of the improvement of depressive symptoms with variations in rs-fMRI and TRD-related biomarkers will be evaluated. Our study may suggest that adjunctive intensive tDCS with left DLPFC positive stimulation or right OFC negative stimulation may be effective as a novel method to relieve depressive symptoms in patients with TRD. The variation of rs-fMRI, biomarkers could be used as a potential prediction model of treatment efficacy in TRD. Trial registration: The trial protocol is registered with www.chictr.org.cn under protocol registration number ChiCTR2200058030. Date of registration: March 27, 2022. Recruitment started in September 2022 and is ongoing.
A double blind randomized clinical trial of the effectiveness of low frequency rTMS over right DLPFC or OFC for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ We compared the effectiveness of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), right orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) and sham for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and sought to determine possible predictors of effective treatment. Sixty OCD patients participated and were randomly allocated to one of the 3 treatment groups. Treatment was administered daily for 10 days. Assessments were made at the beginning and end of therapy as well as three months later using the Yale-Brown obsessive compulsive scale (Y-BOCS), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Clinical Global Impression – Severity scale (CGI-S). There were no significant demographic or clinical differences between the groups at baseline. One-way repeated measures ANOVA showed that participants in all 3 groups improved their scores on all rating scales following treatment. A two-way repeated measures ANOVA revealed a significant time and group interaction due to the fact that both active treatment groups outperformed the sham group, although there was no significant difference between the two. Percent improvement had significant negative correlations with the following factors: duration of illness, baseline Y-BOCS, HAM-A, and BDI. We conclude that rTMS over either right DLPFC or OFC has a therapeutic effect on OCD symptoms. Patients with lower Y-BOCS and fewer comorbidities responded best to rTMS.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for treating psychiatric symptoms in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS), especially repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), is a promising therapeutic tool for managing the psychiatric symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD). This meta-analysis aims to assess the effect of NIBS on psychiatric symptoms in patients with PD. Methods: Several electronic databases were systematically searched for relevant literature from inception to October 18, 2021. The therapeutic effects of NIBS were evaluated using a random-effects meta-analysis based on the standard mean difference (SMD) and multivariable-adjusted effect estimates and subgroup analyses. Publication bias and sensitivity analyses were used to explore the sources of heterogeneity. Results: Finally, 57 and 15 studies with 4,010 participants were obtained from the meta-analysis and systematic review, respectively. Significant differences were found between NIBS and sham-stimulation/placebo participants for depression (SMD = −0.75, 95 % confidence interval [CI]: −0.99 to −0.50, I2 = 79 %), and rTMS combined with antidepressant therapy and antidepressant alone for depression (SMD = −0.98, 95 % CI: −1.37 to −0.59, I2 = 87 %) and anxiety (SMD = −1.46, 95 % CI: −2.44 to −0.48, I2 = 95 %). Meanwhile, lower risks were observed for post-treatment compared with pre-treatment for depression (relative risk [RR] = 0.66, 95 % CI: 0.57–0.76, I2 = 96 %) and anxiety (RR = 0.66, 95 % CI: 0.60–0.73, I2 = 67 %). Conclusions: NIBS can be considered an effective non-pharmacological option for treating PD depression; moreover, rTMS combined with antidepressants was demonstrated to be a useful tool against depression and anxiety in PD.
Interventions to treat and prevent postpartum depression: a protocol for systematic review of the literature and parallel network meta-analyses$$$ Introduction: Postpartum depression has costly consequences for the mother, baby, and society. Numerous pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions are available for the prevention and treatment of postpartum depression. To date, no attempt has been made to synthesize the evidence from comparisons of interventions both within and across these categories. Methods: We will perform a systematic review of the literature and perform network meta-analysis of interventions to (a) prevent and (b) treat postpartum depression. This review will include studies of primiparous or multiparous women during pregnancy or within 12 months of delivery of their baby that assess either interventions initiated during pregnancy or within 1 year of childbirth. Comparators will be other eligible interventions or control conditions. The outcome of interests will be related to the antidepressant efficacy of the interventions as well as their acceptability. The published literature will be searched in Ovid MEDLINE 1946-, Embase.com 1947-, Scopus 1823-, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and ClinicalTrials.gov. The search will use a combination of standardized terms and keywords for postpartum depression, a sensitive search filter to limit for randomized controlled trials, and a librarian-created “humans” filter. The search results will be uploaded to the Covidence online systematic review platform (Veritas Health Information Ltd., Victoria, Australia) where two review team members will independently screen articles. We will extract data to include year of publication, language, country, participants (number, demographic data, eligibility criteria, psychiatric symptoms, and co-morbidities), characteristics of the intervention and control conditions, and reported outcomes. Risk of bias for each study will be assessed independently by two review authors using the RoB 2: A revised Cochrane risk of bias tool for randomized trials. Network meta-analysis will be performed using a Bayesian hierarchical model supplemented with a Markov chain Monte Carlo approach. Discussion: Postpartum depression is a devastating disease with long-lasting consequences. Given the numerous available interventions to both prevent and treat postpartum depression and the great number of studies comparing them, it is imperative that clinicians and patients are provided with an assessment of their comparative efficacy and acceptability. Systematic review registration: Prospero registration (CRD42022303247).
The effectiveness of anodal tDCS and cognitive training on cognitive functions in multiple sclerosis$$$ a randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study; Background: Forty to 70% of patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) suffer from cognitive impairment during their illness. Only a few studies have examined the effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (a-tDCS) along with cognitive training on cognitive performance in MS patients. This study aims to determine whether multi-session a-tDCS with or without cognitive training impacts cognitive performance in MS. Methods: Eighty MS patients received a-tDCS, cognitive training, a-tDCS plus cognitive training, and sham for ten consecutive daily sessions. Cognitive function (including episodic memory, attention, and inhibitory control, working memory, and visuospatial skill) was measured at baseline, week 4, and week 12 after the intervention. Results: All cognitive functions significantly improved after the intervention compared to the sham condition. This effect also showed persistence during follow-up for some cognitive tasks in the a-tDCS and a-tDCS combined cognitive training groups. Although the cognitive training group experienced an immediate improvement in attention and inhibitory control, the difference was not significant at follow-up. Also, there were no significant differences between these three groups in cognitive scores after the intervention. Conclusion: a-tDCS alone and a-tDCS paired with or without cognitive training as compared to sham appears to be a promising therapeutic option for cognitive performance in MS patients.
Closed loop deep brain stimulation: A systematic scoping review$$$ Background: At the turn of the 21st century, closed-loop deep brain stimulation (CL-DBS) systems have emerged as promising neuromodulatory treatment strategies, that integrate real-time feedback based on the brain's condition to fine-tune the stimulation being applied. CL-DBS promises numerous advantages over open-loop deep brain stimulation (OL-DBS) systems. However, no up-to-date review articles are available which characterise the clinical outcomes of CL-DBS therapy. Methods: A systematic literature search was conducted in seven major databases with various keywords relating to CL-DBS, for non-randomised cohort studies, finalised clinical trials, case reports, and nonrandomised control trials published between 2011 and 2021. Results: Seven studies satisfied our inclusion criteria. Six investigated the use of CL-DBS therapy for neurological disorders, while one investigated its use for psychiatric disorders. The average patient age was 61 years (range: 27 – 78), and the mean disease duration before CL-DBS therapy was 15 years (range: 4 – 47). Patients included with essential tremor (ET) (n = 11) were older than patients with freezing of gait (FoG) in Parkinson's disease (PD) (n = 6) (p = 0.009), albeit insignificantly longer disease duration (p = 0.199). Following CL-DBS intervention, patients with ET (n = 11), major depressive disorder (n = 1) and Tourette syndrome (n = 1) had improvements in clinical outcomes, while PD patients had heterogeneous outcomes (n = 7). CL-DBS systems utilised by the included studies demonstrated a mean of 51.94 % (range: 36.62 – 68) energy-saving capacity over OL-DBS systems. Conclusions: To date, there is insufficient evidence that CL-DBS offers significant superior clinical outcomes over OL-DBS. Our scoping review suggests that CL-DBS can improve symptoms of specific neurological and psychiatric disorders, whilst demonstrating improved energy-saving capacity which has the potential to decrease battery replacement surgeries. Real-time adjustment of patients’ symptoms using CL-DBS may improve patients’ overall quality of life. Further studies are required to validate our observations.
Dual-site transcranial direct current stimulation to treat tinnitus: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as a potential intervention for subjective tinnitus, but supporting evidence remains limited. We aimed to investigate the effect of anodal high-definition tDCS of the left temporal area and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on tinnitus severity. This double-blind randomized controlled trial included 77 patients (age range 18-79, 43 male) with chronic subjective tinnitus as their primary complaint. Thirty-eight subjects received six consecutive sessions of dual-site sequential high-definition-tDCS with electrodes positioned over the left temporal area and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Both areas were stimulated for 15 min per session, with total stimulation time amounting to 30 min. Thirty-nine subjects received sham stimulation. The primary outcome measure was the change in tinnitus severity, as evaluated by the Tinnitus Functional Index, from baseline to a follow-up visit at 8 ± 2 weeks after treatment completion. Secondary outcomes included changes in perceived tinnitus loudness, as measured with a visual analogue scale and a tinnitus matching procedure, as well as scores on the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and the Hyperacusis Questionnaire. No differences in Tinnitus Functional Index change scores were identified between the active treatment and sham control groups (linear regression: P = 0.86). The Tinnitus Functional Index scores decreased significantly over time in both groups (P = 0.0012), indicating the presence of a considerable placebo effect. These change scores were significantly influenced by sex (linear regression: P = 0.037) and baseline symptoms of anxiety (linear regression: P = 0.049) in both groups. In general, Tinnitus Functional Index scores decreased more profoundly in males and in subjects with a higher degree of anxiety at baseline. None of the included secondary measures differed significantly between experimental arms. Our results suggest that dual-site sequential high-definition-tDCS of the left temporal area and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex does not alleviate tinnitus severity. Interestingly, in our study population, fluctuations in tinnitus severity were influenced by gender and concurrent mental condition. It is therefore important to take these factors into account when conducting or planning randomized controlled trials in tinnitus populations.
The Transdiagnostic Comparative Efficacy of Non- Invasive Neurostimulation Interventions for Suicidal Ideation: Initial Results From a Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Recent research has suggested that non-invasive neurostimulation may reduce suicide ideation (SI). However, the efficacy of non-invasive neurostimulation interventions for SI has not yet been comprehensively reviewed and compared across methods and psychiatric disorders. Here, we present initial findings from the largest meta-analysis to date on the comparative efficacy of non-invasive neurostimulation for SI across psychiatric disorders. Methods: Embase, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, CINAHL, and Cochrane's CENTRAL were used to search for peer-reviewed studies published from inception to June 2021. Human clinical trials examining the efficacy of non-invasive neurostimulation on psychiatric symptoms and reporting on a continuous outcome using a suicidespecific measure (e.g., Beck Scale for Suicide Ideation) or a suicide item from a standardized measure (e.g., suicide item on the HAMACNP 61st Annual Meeting: Poster Abstracts P541 - P809 512 Neuropsychopharmacology (2022) 47:371 - 520 D) were included. Random-effects meta-analyses of the standardized mean difference in SI scores from pre-to post treatment were used to estimate treatment effects. Where possible, effects of active v. sham treatment on SI were examined, as well as effects between psychiatric disorders and neurostimulation sites. Effect sizes are represented by Hedge's g. Results: The search returned 10933 abstracts. 2591 studies underwent full text review. 39 studies were included in this preliminary analysis. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT): N = 14 ECT trials were identified, comprising 503 subjects with major depressive disorder (MDD). Only one trial was sham-controlled. There was a large and significant effect of ECT on SI (Hedge's g = -1.56, SE = 0.17 [95% CI -1.89 -1.22], p < 0.001). A funnel plot suggested the presence of publication bias. Three studies compared ECT to other neurostimulation types, including low amplitude seizure therapy (LAP-ST; n = 1) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS; n = 2). No significant difference between ECT and LAP-ST on SI was reported in the one study that compared these interventions (p > 0.33). In contrast, a large and significant effect on SI, favoring ECT over rTMS, was found (Hedge's g= -1.29, p < 0.001). Magnetic Seizure Therapy (MST): N = 2 trials examined the effects of MST on SI in 90 subjects with MDD. A large and significant effect of MST on SI was found (Hedge's g = -0.82, SE = 0.20, 95% CI: -1.05, -0.58, p < 0.001). Due to the small number of trials, publication bias could not be assessed. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS): N = 21 TMS trials were identified, comprising 928 subjects. A large and significant effect of TMS on SI was observed (Hedge's g= -0.91, SE = 0.10, 95% CI: -1.10, -0.72, p < 0.001). Analysis of two adolescent trials suggested a medium but not significant effect of TMS on SI in this age group (Hedge's g= -0.51, p = 0.06). In contrast, a large and significant effect on SI was found for 17 adult studies (Hedge's g= -0.84, p < 0.001) and two geriatric studies (Hedge's g= -2.01, p < 0.001). Across all TMS trials, a funnel plot suggested publication bias. Of the 21 TMS trials identified, 11 were sham-controlled, comprising 342 subjects. Overall, results favored active over sham TMS with a small, significant effect on SI (Hedge's g = -0.36, SE = 0.08, [95% CI: -0.51, -0.21], p < 0.001). A funnel plot of sham-controlled TMS studies suggested a low chance of publication bias. Effect sizes across stimulation sites were similar and favored active over sham TMS with small and significant effects on SI: six trials stimulated the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC)/prefrontal cortex (Hedge's g= -0.41, p = 0.04) whereas four studies applied bilateral stimulation (Hedge's g = -0.32, p = 0.009). One study stimulated the visual cortex and found no significant differences on SI in active v. sham TMS (Hedge's g= -0.45, p = 0.12). Diagnostically, nine shamcontrolled trials examined subjects with MDD. Results favored active over sham TMS for reducing SI in MDD (Hedge's g==0.40, p = 0.001). In contrast, two trials studied the effects of shamcontrolled TMS in diagnoses other than depression (n = 1 borderline personality disorder and n = 1 posttraumatic stress disorder and/or traumatic brain injury). No significant differences between active v. sham TMS on SI in these diagnoses were found (Hedge's g= -0.24, p = -.46). Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (TDCS): N = 2 open-label TDCS pilot trials reported on an SI outcome. One investigated anorexia nervosa and the other, treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder. There was no significant effect of TDCS on SI in these samples (Hedge's g = -0.06, p = 0.81). Conclusions: Initial results suggest that ECT, MST, and TMS may be efficacious for reducing SI. Although the strongest effects on SI were associated with ECT in MDD, only one ECT study was shamcontrolled and there was a risk of publication bias across ECT studies. MST appears promising but the findings are limited by a lack of published data. Overall, sham-controlled TMS trials provided the highest quality evidence; active over sham TMS was associated with small but significant effects on SI, and no evidence of publication bias. Crucially, there is a paucity of neurostimulation trials in psychiatric groups other than MDD and this limits the generalizability of these findings to other groups that frequently experience SI. To date, analyses of two TDCS pilot trials in anorexia nervosa and OCD showed that TDCS did not significantly reduce SI in these groups. Meta analyses of remission and relapse rates are forthcoming.
Efficacy of Adjunctive D-Cycloserine to Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation is a non-invasive treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) that is believed to depend on synaptic plasticity in targeted circuits. Protocols such as theta-burst stimulation (TBS) are N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor dependent, suggesting that targeting the NMDA receptor could be an effective means of enhancing treatment outcomes. Here, we test whether low doses of the NMDA receptor partial-agonist, D-Cycloserine, can enhance intermittent TBS (iTBS) treatment outcomes in MDD. Methods: In this single site 4-week randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial, fifty participants with treatment resistant MDD were randomized 1:1 to iTBS+Placebo or iTBS+D-Cycloserine (100mg). Participants were asked to take the adjunct or placebo at least 60 minutes prior to daily iTBS treatments for the first two weeks, and iTBS continued without an adjunct for weeks three and four. The primary outcome was change in depressive symptoms as measured by the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at the conclusion of treatment. Secondary outcomes included clinical response, clinical remission, and clinical global impression (CGI). Results: The iTBS+D-Cycloserine group had greater improvements in MADRS scores compared to the iTBS+Placebo group (mean difference -6.15, 95%CI -2.43 to -9.88; Hedges' g = 0.99, 95%CI 0.34-1.62). Rates of clinical response were higher in the iTBS-D-cycloserine than in the iTBS+Placebo group (73.9% vs 29.3%), as were rates of clinical remission (39.1% vs. 4.2%). This was reflected in lower CGI severity ratings, and greater CGIimprovement ratings. No serious adverse events occurred. Conclusions: Adjunctive D-Cycloserine is a promising strategy for enhancing transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment outcomes in MDD using iTBS.
ACNP 61st Annual Meeting: Panels, Mini-Panels and Groups$$$ The proceedings contain 962 papers. The topics discussed include: spontaneous and precipitated cannabinoid withdrawal in male and female rats following self-administered or experimenter administered WIN55, 212-2 delivery; assessing the long-term impact of intravenous cannabinoid self-administration in adolescent male and female rats; a response-contingent cannabis vapor delivery approach for interrogating protracted effects of maternal cannabis use in developing offspring; progress and hurdles in establishing vapor self-administration in rodents; developing novel clinical outcome assessments (COAs) for psychiatric illnesses; a tale of two receptors: simultaneous, prophylactic targeting of NMDARs and 5-HT4Rs exerts additive effects in protecting against stress-induced anxiety-like behavior; efficacy of adjunctive D-Cycloserine to intermittent theta burst stimulation for major depressive disorder: a randomized clinical trial; and a brief, fully automated neurocognitive training intervention extends the antidepressant effect of a single ketamine infusion: clinical and neuroimaging findings.
Improvement in Depression and Fluid Cognition Following Accelerated Theta Burst Stimulation for Treatment- Resistant Major Depressive Disorder in Autism Spectrum Disorders$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) disproportionately affects individuals with autism spectrum disorders (ASD). MDD is a leading cause of functional impairment, social withdrawal, and suicide. Tragically, it is estimated that individuals with ASD have a 4X greater risk of developing MDD and a 9X greater risk of completed suicide. Despite this urgent need, intervention research specifically targeting MDD in ASD is scarce. No medication trials have focused on MDD in ASD. Standard-of-care medications for mood disorders, such as selective serotonin reupdate inhibitors, may be unpredictable or ineffective in individuals with ASD. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an efficacious, non-pharmaceutical treatment for MDD with strong metaanalysis support, including over 1,000 patients from randomized controlled trials (RCT), and is covered by most insurers. However, repetitive TMS therapy involves 40-minute sessions of highintensity pulses over a period of 4 to 6 weeks. The lack of evidence in ASD, duration of therapy, and sensory concerns have severely limited the use and scalability of TMS in the ASD population. The study team is highly experienced in using TMS and has piloted an innovative accelerated low-intensity TMS protocol optimal for MDD in ASD individuals. Methods: This is an interim analysis of an in-progress intervention trial of accelerated theta burst stimulation (aTBS) on MDD in ASD (see NCT05271357). The primary outcome was Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (17-item; HDRS), and the secondary outcome was the NIH Cognitive Toolbox. Exploratory outcomes involved EEG connectivity. The study design is a randomized, active-comparator study of unilateral or bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) aTBS stimulation (including mandatory two-week lead-in and waitlist control groups). ATBS sessions are administered 3X daily for ten days (30 sessions). The intervention was delivered using a Magstim Horizon (Magstim/EGI, Whitland, UK) using a 70mm figure-eight EZ cool coil. Resting motor threshold was determined with single-pulse TMS and electromyography. Theta Burst Stimulation: Participants received intermittent theta burst stimulation (50 Hz in 5 Hz bursts) for a total of 600 pulses total at 90% of RMT for each session. We used the Beam F3 localization method. EEG recordings are acquired using Netamp 400 amplifier (MagstimEGI, Eugene, OR) and 128- channel Hydrocel nets in sound-attenuated booths. We performed source estimation using Brainstorm to compute L2-normed, depth-weighted minimum norm estimation source model to generate a current source density (CSD) map to reconstruct time series activations. Standard weighted alpha phase lag index connectivity measures of left prefrontal to right anterior cingulate cortex were estimated for each subject. Statistics: As this is an interim analysis, we examined the effect of aTBS (unilateral and bilateral) on outcome measures. For our primary outcome, we examined HDRS change from baseline immediately, and 4-weeks post-treatment using FDR-corrected paired t-tests. Secondary variables were compared using t-tests. The relationship between changes in frontocingulate connectivity and change in HDRS score was explored using Pearson correlation. Results: The analysis below reflects the seven subjects who have completed the aTBS treatment and have had at least a 4-week follow-up visit at the time of abstract submission. Since November of 2021, we have screened 14 subjects (2 females), two subjects on the waiting list, one subject scheduled for treatment, and one subject who withdrew before treatment. Our pilot demographics include 57% Caucasian and 14% African American, Hispanic, and Asian. Primary outcome: Mean baseline HDRS (M = 20.3, SD = 3.5) was significantly reduced immediately following treatment (M = 7.0, SD = 2.8, t = 10.5, FDR p = 4.4×10- 5, Cohen's d= 3.9, n = 7) and sustained at Week 4 (M= 5.4; SD = 2.7; t = 9.7, FDR p = 6.9×10-5, Cohen's d= 3.7, n = 7). Secondary outcome: Baseline Fluid Cognition composite score (M = 43.1, SD = 4.7) significantly improved at Week 4 following aTBS intervention (M = 51.4, SD = 6.6; t = -3.1, p = .02, Cohen's d = 1.18, n = 7). Exploratory: EEG source analysis was only available on five subjects at the time of the abstract. Reduction of prefrontal to cingulate connectivity following aTBS was predictive of improved HDRS score (R = .82, p = .09, n = 5). Conclusions: We present early but promising results of using accelerated TBS in a diverse sample of individuals with ASD and MDD. We observed significant improvement in MDD symptoms leading to remission but also improvements in objectively measured Fluid Cognition. We have identified a potential neural biomarker suggesting that left prefrontal (stimulation site) and cingulate connectivity are associated with depression symptoms. The availability of a 10-day non-pharmaceutical intervention for rapid remission of MDD would be highly impactful. The negative sequelae of MDD are particularly devastating, exacerbated by the lack of evidence-based treatments and atypical responses in ASD. A TMS protocol optimized for MDD in ASD, which can be used with commercially available TMS machines, would greatly improve access to care, reduce the need for specialists, and provide rapid recovery as a mid-level option between medications and electroconvulsive therapy.
TMS-EEG Indices as High Potential Predictive Markers of iTBS Response in MDD$$$ Background: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) to the L-DLPFC is effective for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). We indexed transcranial magnetic stimulationelectroencephalography (TMS-EEG) markers, the N45 and N100 amplitudes as well as overall TMS evoked potential activity (GMFAAUC) at baseline and post-iTBS, comparing separated and contiguous iTBS schedules. TMS-EEG markers were also compared between iTBS responders and non-responders. Methods: TMS-EEG was analyzed from a triple-blind 1:1 randomized trial for TRD, comparing a separated (54 min interval) and contiguous (0 min interval) schedule of 2×600 pulse iTBS for 30 treatments. Participants underwent TMS-EEG over the L-DLPFC at baseline and post-treatment. 114 participants had usable TMSEEG at baseline, and 98 at post-treatment. TMS-evoked potential (TEP) components (N45, N100) were examined via global meanfield analysis. Results: The N100 amplitude decreased from baseline to posttreatment regardless of treatment group (F(1, 106.02 = 5.20, p = 0.02). There were no changes in N45 amplitude in either treatment group. In responders, the N100 amplitude decreased after iTBS (F(1,102.13) = 11.30, p = 0.001, pcorrected= 0.0004). Responders showed higher post-treatment N45 amplitude than non-responders (F(1, 94.14) = 4.11, p = 0.045, pcorrected= 0.016). Higher baseline N100 amplitude predicted lower post-iTBS depression scores (F(4, 106) = 6.28, p = 0.00014). Conclusions: These results further the evidence for an association between neurophysiological effects of iTBS and treatment efficacy in TRD in the largest collected pre/post rTMS TMS-EEG sample to date. Future studies are needed to solidify the predictive potential for clinical applications of TMS-EEG markers.
Frequency-Dependent Entrainment of Brain Networks Using Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Background: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is an effective treatment for several psychiatric and neurological conditions such as depression, chronic pain, obsessive compulsive disorder, smoking cessation and others. While the therapeutic efficacy is hypothesized to arise from the effects on widespread networks beyond the stimulation site, the role of the stimulation frequency is not clear. In the past, various frequencies have been successfully used for therapeutic purposes, including 1, 5, 10, 18, 20 Hz as well as theta-burst stimulation. It remains to be elucidated how the elicited patterns of activation vary by frequency. Additionally, it is unclear if brain circuits have resonant frequencies (RF) to which the networks respond in a preferential manner and if these frequencies differ between individuals. We hypothesized that different frequencies would elicit spatially distinct patterns of electroencephalographic (EEG) activity that would reflect how different brain circuits respond to stimulation. We have also hypothesized that preferred RFs vary across individuals. We are using a newly developed TMS-EEG interrogation paradigm to evaluate TMS-evoked spectral changes and the entrainment of oscillations in the source-localized EEG signal and the identification of RF across individuals. Methods: 80 subjects with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) underwent a TMS interrogation at 71 frequencies ranging from 3- 17 Hz (in steps of 0.2 Hz) administered to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Each stimulation frequency consisted of 40 pulses with 26 s off period in between frequencies. Frequency order was randomized for all subjects. 64-channel EEG was recorded at baseline, during the entire interrogation procedure and after the session. We used a custom developed artifact removal pipeline to remove TMS-pulse artifact, decay artifacts and conventional EEG artifacts (electrical noise, eye, muscle, cardiac artifacts) following each TMS train. The period [-1000 0 ms] pre stimulation and [0-1000 ms] post every frequency was extracted and used for source localization using Brainstorm. We created a head model with the Boundary Element Method (BEM) using digitized electrode locations and the OpenMEEG toolbox. The source time series were reconstructed using the Minimum Norm Estimation (MNE) method to obtain the inverse solution, which addresses the ill-posed nature of EEG source estimation through regularization. For each frequency, we obtained an average cortical source activation map for each frequency band. Only circuit activation greater than z-scores > = 2.5 compared to baseline activity are displayed. Results: We present average source-localized activation maps (Figure 1) as well as individual subject examples (Figure 2) for all 71 stimulation frequencies in the broadband and the bandpass filtered frequencies of delta [1-4 Hz], theta [4-8 Hz], alpha [8-12 Hz] beta [12-20 Hz] and low gamma [20-30 Hz]. Different TMS stimulation frequencies elicit widespread cortical activations well beyond the stimulation site. The spatial distribution of the elicited patterns varies substantially between individuals based on the stimulation frequency. Conclusions: We demonstrate that different TMS stimulation frequencies elicit largely different spatial activation patterns in the source localized EEG signal and that these activation maps vary as a function of frequency and across individuals. These findings have clinical implications suggesting that a personalized treatment frequency should be used to enhance the entrainment of target brain circuits.
Dimensional Antidepressant Response to Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Can Be Predicted Using Pretreatment Resting-State Functional Connectivity$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for depression. To date, however, few studies have evaluated whether antidepressant response to rTMS is predictable from pretreatment neuroimaging measures. Depression is, moreover, a symptomatically heterogenous disorder. Previous work from our group has demonstrated that prospective prediction of antidepressant response to other antidepressant treatments (i.e., ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy) is improved by predicting symptom changes along latent dimensions of depression rather than changes in the overall severity of depressive symptoms. Here, we compared the performance of machine learning models using pretreatment patterns of restingstate functional connectivity (RSFC) to predict rTMS-related symptom changes along the total score of the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), the HDRS-6 subscale, and three previously identified latent dimensions of the HDRS: core mood and anhedonia (CMA), somatic disturbances (SoD), and insomnia. We hypothesized that predictions made for changes in the CMA dimension and the HDRS-6 would be more accurate than those for the HDRS-17 total score. Methods: Patients (n = 26; mean age [SD] = 41.1 [14.1] years; percent male=50%) received rTMS to the left DLPFC. Stimuli were delivered at 120% resting motor threshold at 10 Hz (3000 stimuli per session, 36 sessions total). All patients underwent resting-state fMRI (rs-fMRI) scans within 1 week of their first rTMS session and depressive symptoms were assessed with the HDRS-17 every 2 weeks, including the first and last day of treatment. Pretreatment rs-fMRI scans were parcellated into 200 regions using the Schaefer atlas. For each subject, regional global connectivity values were computed using the graph theoretic node degree, calculated as the sum of pairwise correlations surviving a Fisher Z-transformed correlation threshold (Z ≥ 0.4). Regional global connectivity values were used as predictive features in random forest regression (RFR) models to predict changes along the HDRS- 17, HDRS-6, CMA, SoD, and insomnia outcome measures. All RFR models were trained and validated using 10-repeated 10-fold cross validation with a nested grid search for parameter optimization. The performance of models was evaluated based on the coefficient of determination (i.e., the fraction of explained variance) in the out-of-sample test data. The significance of each model's fit was assessed using permutation tests (B = 1000 permutations) and multiple comparisons were adjusted across the set of all outcome measures using a Bonferroni correction, yielding a critical value of 0.05/5 = 0.01. Results: The mean coefficient of determination (i.e., fraction of explained variance) in the prediction of change in the CMA dimension was significantly above zero (R^2 = 0.19, q = 0.005) and was significantly higher than the HDRS-17 total score (R^2 = - 0.07). Elevated global connectivity of a division of the right somatomotor network (SMN), right dorsal prefrontal cortex division of the default mode network (DMN), and right precuneus/posterior cingulate DMN division all predicted poorer symptom reduction while elevated connectivity components of the right dorsal attention network (DATTN) predicted more reduced CMA symptoms following rTMS. Changes along other HDRS subscales were not predicted above chance levels (all q > 0.05). Conclusions: Our findings support that the pretreatment global connectivity of components of the DMN, SMN, and DATTN are predictive of dimensional antidepressant response to rTMS. Previous reported on DMN connectivity as predictive of antidepressant response in other pharmacological and behavioral treatments. Interestingly, changes in core mood symptoms (depressed mood, interests, psychomotor retardation, and weight loss) were predicted more accurately than those for somatic or sleep disturbance symptom clusters. These findings align with related work showing improved prediction of treatment outcomes using latent dimensional outcomes in ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy. Future work will seek to replicate these findings in a larger sample.
Personalized Connectivity-Based Accelerated TMS Therapy for Bipolar Depression: Preliminary Outcomes$$$ Background: Bipolar disorder (BD) is prevalent, severe and under studied, and is often excluded from clinical trials. The depressive phase of Bipolar disorder I or II accounts for the majority of time a patient is ill -72% in BD-I and 81% in BD-II. Many patients fail to respond adequately or cannot tolerate pharmacotherapy due to adverse side effects. Thus, accessibility to alternative treatment options is important to help achieve and sustain remission. One treatment option, transcranial magnetic stimulation, (TMS) has demonstrated efficacy in treatment resistant major depression, however there have been relatively few studies in Bipolar Disorder, and none to our knowledge utilizing intensive high dose spaced theta-burst rTMS (HDS-TBS). Thus, the objective of this clinical trial is to determine the clinical and functional connectivity effects of intensive TMS in depressed patients with Bipolar Disorder I/II. Methods: To date, a total of 10 patients have been screened using the Structured interview for DSM-5, the Montgomery- Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), and screened for dementia (MMSE > 24). Following informed consent, participants were randomized to active or sham treatment using HDS-TBS. Inclusion criteria: Bipolar depression, DSM 5 criteria; Age 18-70; Right or left-handed; All genders; Treatment resistant depression: 2+ failed antidepressant trials (< 50% reduction in symptoms) using ATHF criteria; Not in a mixed bipolar episode (YMRS ≤12) ; Not rapid cycling (> 4 episodes in the past year); Stable medication regimen, including mood stabilizer; MADRS ≥ 20. Treatment sessions: iTBS was delivered to individually targeted left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) site at 90% resting motor threshold (RMT). The stimulation pattern and total number of pulses: triplet 50 Hz bursts, repeated at 200 ms (5 Hz) intervals, 2 s on, 8 s off; 1800 pulses per session; total duration 10 min. Ten iTBS sessions/day x 5 sequential days. Neuroimaging sessions were conducted prior to iTBS treatment ('pre'), and 24 hours following day 5 ('post'). Sham iTBS: Both active and sham iTBS used a Magventure Cool B65 A/P coil. The sham treatment blocks the magnetic field with an internal spacer, allowing the appropriate coil surface (active vs. sham) to be placed against the scalp. During sham iTBS, brief electric pulses were delivered to the scalp simultaneous to the TMS pulse to mimic the scalp sensation. Neuroimaging procedures: MRI data was acquired on a 3 Tesla Siemens Prisma scanner using a 64-channel head coil (Erlangen, Germany). Our acquisitions were optimized for Siemens Prisma scanners, rigorously tested as part of the human connectome project (HCP) and consisted of T1, T2 and rs-fMRI (2x 8 min) scans. During the visits, patients were co-registered to the T1 scan using fiducial points at the Nasion, Tragi and nose tip. TMS pulses were delivered to the target at the optimal orientation, and the accuracy of this targeted stimulation was monitored and tracked by the Brainsight software. Neuronavigation and Targeting: DLPFC TMS targets were individually optimized based on anticorrelated functional connectivity with the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (SGACC), methods detailed in Cash et al (2021). Coil orientation was defined individually such that the e-field at the cortical target was maximized (Balderston et al). Prior to the iTBS visits, target coordinates and orientation vectors were generated from the fMRI data and the e-field models and loaded into the Brainsight neuronavigation system along with the subject's reconstructed T1 image. Scalp and cortical surfaces were generated from the T1. During the visits, the subject was co-registered to the T1 using fiducial points and the accuracy of targeted stimulation was monitored and tracked by the Brainsight software. Results: 7 participants meeting inclusion and exclusion criteria were included. Participants had a history of a mean of 5 failed treatment trials with antidepressants, (range 3-8) and a mean of 1 augmentation trial, as well as treatment with mood stabilizers. MADRS scores decreased from baseline (mean 30.8 + /-5.5, range 23-50) to post-treatment (mean 15 + /- 10.4, range 0-26). All participants tolerated the therapy without adverse events. Functional connectivity between SGACC and individually targeted DLPFC stimulation sites decreased (more anti-correlated) from baseline mean z = -0.02 + /- 0.24 to post-treatment mean z = - 0.07 + /- 0.19. The decrease in MADRS scores was correlated with decrease in correlation (increased anticorrelation) of SGACCindividually targeted DLPFC pre- to post-treatment calculated as r = 0.79. Conclusions: We remain blinded to treatment status in this small sample of treatment refractory depressed bipolar patients but the study indicates the potential for being able to discriminate treatment effects. Some patients experienced a large decrease in depressive symptoms while others did not. Overall, the connectivity of SGACC to individually targeted DLPFC decreased (became more anti-correlated) and the decreases in MADRS pre- to post-treatment positively correlated with the changes in functional connectivity, suggesting a possible mechanism for treatment responses. The treatment was well tolerated with no adverse events. We will continue to recruit participants to this study and expect to have a larger sample to report.
Assessing the Generalizability and Stability of Biologically-Based Subtypes of Depression$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is associated with considerable symptom variability; a comprehensive understanding of this variability may lead to individualized intervention approaches and therefore improved treatment response rates. Recent efforts by our group and others have sought to understand symptom heterogeneity in MDD using functional neuroimaging. Although these recent studies mark significant progress in understanding heterogeneity in MDD, replication and validation of these results is critical given the limitations imposed by sample size and depth of clinical characterization. To address these limitations, this study has three aims. First, we sought to understand the neurobiological basis of MDD symptom heterogeneity by extending our earlier work defining robust and reproducible brain-behavior dimensions to new data. An L2- norm regularized multivariate model was generated using a large MDD dataset recruited from a single site and incorporated additional items assessing anhedonia and anxiety symptoms. Second, we tested for the existence of MDD subtypes and evaluated their stability and reproducibility. Third, we characterized these MDD subtypes regarding atypical resting-state functional connectivity (RSFC), clinical symptoms, and antidepressant response to non-invasive brain stimulation. Methods: L2-regularized canonical correlation analysis (RCCA) was evaluated in a large, single-site MDD dataset (n = 328, 215 female (65.6%); mean age=40.35 ± 12.05 SD) using RSFC and clinical symptomatology. First, to optimize three RCCA hyperparameters, we performed a nested grid search (with training, validation, and test splits); the optimal hyperparameter combination was defined as the highest median canonical correlation in held-out validation data for the first dimension. Next, we examined the stability and hold-out performance of dimensions (on held-out test data not used for training or validation) and tested for significant dimensions using random permutation testing. Afterwards, we generated a final optimized RCCA model and evaluated the performance and stability of hierarchical clustering. Upon identifying the optimal clustering solution, we characterized latent variables representing co-occurring RSFC and symptomatology, and symptom/RSFC differences by subtype. Lastly, we identified subtype differences in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation response and remission rates. Results: The performance and stability of the first three RCCA dimensions were significant (p < 0.05, random permutation test). These three dimensions represented: depressed mood, and thalamic and default mode RSFC; anhedonia, and cinguloopercular and higher-order visual and network RSFC; and insomnia, and sensorimotor and posterior insula RSFC, among other connectivity features. Hierarchical clustering identified four significant depression subtypes (p < 0.05, random permutation test), each with distinct clinical symptom profiles, abnormal RSFC patterns, and responsivity to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsomedial or dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Subtypes with lower anhedonic symptoms were most responsive to rTMS. Subtypes did not differ by age or sex. Conclusions: In an extension of our previous work, we sought to characterize regularized CCA and clustering performance in a large, single-site MDD dataset. RCCA yielded three significant, stable and generalizable brain-behavior dimensions that resembled well-documented MDD symptom-brain associations, and four categorical subtypes. Both categorical and dimensional approaches to parsing heterogeneity may be beneficial in different contexts. We note several study design choices that may affect RCCA models, including participant inclusion/exclusion criteria, medication use, and choice of symptom severity measures. Taken together, these results represent an important step forward in assessing data-driven subtyping methods and provide evidence that RCCA is an effective tool to identify stable and generalizable associations between RSFC and behavior.
Sham Response in Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Depression Trials is Increasing Over Time$$$ Background: Psychophysiological and clinical studies with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) require a valid control stimulation condition to achieve blinding of experimental conditions, hence allowing for the differentiation between active and placebo effects. A common approach is to use a sham intervention or active stimulation of a control site. The ideal sham condition should reproduce the ancillary aspects of TMS without producing significant direct brain stimulation. Thus, the ideal sham TMS system should be identical in appearance to the active system. In addition, the auditory (coil clicking) and somatic (coil vibration and scalp nerve and muscle activation) sensations should match between active and sham modes. Various coil manipulations and dedicated sham systems have been proposed, including coil tilt techniques, reverse current coils, spacers, fieldblocking shields, synchronous electrical stimulation, and multi-coil configurations. These sham strategies differ in their ability to mask TMS operators and subjects. Our objective for this study was twofold, 1) to characterize and compare the physical aspects of different sham strategies, including electrical stimulation, and 2) to evaluate clinical research usage of the various strategies and factors influencing sham response in clinical TMS depression trials. Methods: To assess the sham TMS effects across clinical trials, studies were aggregated from Mutz, Edgcumbe, Brunoni, and Fu (2018) and updated with an independent search of PubMed up to the year 2021. Inclusion criteria for the review included the following: randomized, sham-controlled trial, primary diagnosis of major depressive disorder, and patients 12-70 years old. Two independent raters extracted the data. We calculated the sham and active response as percent change in the primary clinical outcome from baseline. We performed a univariate regression analysis in R. The regression model for the sham response included the following covariates: year of publication, mean sample age, percentage females, baseline depression severity, active percent change in depression score, sham strategy, blinding assessment, number of sessions, targeting method, stimulation site, stimulation protocol, and device manufacturer. We also ran an exploratory linear model for the active response, with the following covariates: year of publication, mean sample age, percentage females, baseline depression severity, active percent change in depression score, coil type, blinding assessment, number of sessions, targeting method, stimulation site, stimulation protocol, and device manufacturer. Results: We compiled 79 randomized, controlled TMS trials in patients with major depressive disorder, with total n = 1647 patients in the sham control arms and total n = 2128 patients in the active arms. Mean sample size was 21 patients in the sham groups and 19 patients in the active groups. The average age of the sham samples was 46.2 years and the mean percentage of the sample that was female was 56%. For the active samples, the average age was 46.4 years and 58% percent were female. Of the sham strategies used, the 90-degree coil tilt and dedicated sham coil were the most common (35% and 31%, respectively) followed by the 45-degree tilt method (27%). Synchronous electrical stimulation in addition to a dedicated sham coil was only used in 3 out of the 79 trials. For predictors of sham TMS response, year of publication (F(1, 76) = 6.18, p = 0.015), sham strategy (F(6, 71) = 1.806, p = 0.11), number of sessions (F(1, 76) = 5.45, p = 0.022), and percent change in depression score in the active arm (F(1, 71) = 17.22, p < 0.001) significantly influenced the sham percent change in depressions score. Post hoc comparison showed that the 45- degree coil tilt method produced the highest sham response, possibly due to the undesired residual electric field induced in the brain from this technique. For predictors of active TMS response, device manufacturer (F(5, 96) = 3.895, p = 0.003), targeting method (F(4, 97) = 3.817, p = 0.006), and sham percent change (F(1, 72) = 15.84, p < 0.001) are associated with change in depression score in the active arms. Conclusions: As seen with medications, there is a trend of rising sham response in TMS depression trials over the past 25 years. This time effect is not significant with active TMS. Therefore, the therapeutic effect size of TMS, that is, the difference between active TMS and placebo response, may be shrinking over time, requiring larger sample sizes in clinical trials to detect clinical benefits. It also argues for developing novel forms of TMS with fewer ancillary effects, e.g. controllable pulse TMS and quiet-TMS, which may be easier to blind with sham interventions that may have a lower placebo response.
The Effects of Lesion Network Guided Transcranial Electrical Stimulation on Symptoms, Behavior, and Electrophysiology in Patients With Psychosis: An Open Label Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) has been shown to improve psychotic symptoms and cognition in psychosis spectrum disorders. However, few investigations have used novel tES approaches, such as high definition tES (HD-tES) to more specifically target brain circuits. Convergent data from neuroimaging, neurophysiological, and cause-effect studies points towards the extrastriate visual cortex (V5/MT) as being causally linked to visual hallucinations and delta frequency deficits being associated with motion processing alterations in psychosis. We aimed to determine if causal lesion network guided HD-tES to the extrastriate cortex is efficacious and safe in improving psychosis symptoms, motion processing, and steady state visual evoked response potentials (ssVEP). Secondary outcomes include determining HD-tES effects on emotion processing evoked potentials, cognition, and depression symptoms. Methods: To examine the functional role of the extrastriate visual cortex a between-participants, open-label, non-randomized, cross-over design, pilot study at a single site was performed to characterize the efficacy and safety of using cathodal HD-tDCS (transcranial direct current stimulation) or delta frequency HDtACS (transcranial alternating current stimulation) in psychosis (ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04870710). Enrolled participants were allocated to 20 mins of tES twice daily for 5 consecutive days applied bilaterally to the extrastriate visual cortex with one month of wash out between tES conditions. Clinical (psychosis and depression symptoms), cognitive (BACS), ssVEP and emotion processing evoked potential assessments (IAPS) were performed at baseline, day 5 and day 30. Results: A total of 6 patients with a psychosis spectrum disorder were enrolled. Six individuals received cathodal HD-tDCS with 5 of them completing all follow-up visits. Three individuals received delta frequency HD-tACS and also completed all follow up assessments. HD-tDCS resulted in a significant reduction in psychosis general symptoms and emotion processing evoked potentials at 5 days, which were directly correlated. HD-tACS resulted in longer term reductions in psychosis general symptoms at 30 days, as well as cognitive improvements. Both type of tES were well tolerated and there were no adverse effects reported. Conclusions: The findings herein provide proof of concept evidence that causal lesion network mapping can be used to enhance brain targeting using tES in psychosis. We showed that bilateral stimulation of the extrastriate visual cortex resulted in short term effects with HD-tDCS, while HD-tACS resulted in longer term benefits on general psychosis symptoms. Further research is needed in in a larger and more acute psychosis population to determine the clinical efficacy and safety of this type of stimulation.
CLINICAL and RADIOMIC FEATURES for PREDICTING the TREATMENT RESPONSE of REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION in MAJOR NEUROCOGNITIVE DISORDER$$$ Background: Image-guided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown clinical effectiveness in senior adults with co-occurring depression and cognitive impairment, yet the imaging markers for predicting the treatment response are less investigated. In this clinical trial, we examined the efficacy and sustainability of 10 Hz rTMS for the treatment of depression and cognitive impairment in major neurocognitive disorder (NCD) patients and tested the predictive values of imaging-informed radiomic features in response to rTMS treatment. Methods: Fifty-five major NCD patients with depression were randomly assigned to receive a 3-week rTMS treatment of either active 10 Hz rTMS (n=27) or sham rTMS (n=28). Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) was the predefined treatment target. Based on individual structural magnetic resonance imaging scans, surface-based analysis was conducted to quantitatively measure the baseline radiomic features of left DLPFC. Severity of depression, global cognition and the serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) level were evaluated at baseline, 3-week, 6-week and 12-week follow-ups. Results: Logistic regression analysis revealed that advanced age, higher baseline cognition and randomized group were associated with the remission of depression. Increased cortical thickness and gyrification in left DLPFC were the significant predictors of clinical remission and cognitive enhancement. Conclusions: A 3-week course of 10 Hz rTMS is an effective adjuvant treatment for rapid ameliorating depressive symptoms and enhancing cognitive function. Pre-treatment radiomic features of the stimulation target can predict the response to rTMS treatment in major NCD. Cortical thickness and folding of treatment target may serve as imaging markers to detect the responders. Trial registration: ChiCTR-IOR-16008191, registered on March 30, 2016. The authors have no conflicts of interest.
The effect of ketamine on cognition, anxiety, and social functioning in adults with psychiatric disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: It has been shown that ketamine can improve suicidality and depression. Evidence for other dimensions of psychopathology is lacking. We undertook a systematic review to investigate the effect of ketamine on cognition, anxiety, quality of life, and social functioning in adults with psychiatric disorders. Methods: PubMed (Medline), Scopus, PsycINFO, and EMBASE were searched up to April 2022. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on ketamine [or its S (+) enantiomer] reporting data on cognition, anxiety, quality of life, social functioning in adults with psychiatric disorders were included. Standardized mean difference (SMD) was used for summarizing continuous outcomes. Results: Twenty-two reports were included in the final selection, of which 20, corresponding to 1,298 participants, were included in the quantitative synthesis. Affective disorders were the predominant diagnostic category. Median follow-up time was 21 days. The evidence was rated moderate to very low. In most trials, ketamine was administered intravenously or as adjuvant to electro-convulsant therapy (ECT). Only 2 trials of intranasal esketamine were identified. The effect of ketamine on depression was confirmed (SMD: −0.61 [95% CI: −1.06; −0.16]). Furthermore, by pooling results of 6 RCTs, ketamine may be effective in reducing anxiety symptoms (SMD: −0.42 [95% CI: −0.84; 0.003]), particularly when administered not within ECT (5 trials; SMD: −0.58 [95% CI: −1.07; −0.09]). However, there was moderate heterogeneity of results. Patients treated with ketamine also had an improvement in social functioning (SMD: −0.31 [95% CI: −0.52; −0.10]), although the estimate was based only on 2 studies. No difference to comparators was found with respect to cognition and quality of life. Conclusion: Alongside the antidepressant effect, ketamine may also improve anxiety and social functioning in adults with affective disorders.
Electrophysiological and behavioral effects of unilateral and bilateral rTMS$$$ A randomized clinical trial on rumination and depression; Background: Rumination is significantly frequent in major depressive disorder (MDD). However, not a lot of studies have investigated the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on rumination. Methods: 61 participants with a minimum Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) score of 20 were randomly assigned to sham, bilateral stimulation (BS) or unilateral stimulation (US) groups. EEG, The Ruminative Response Scale (RRS), and HAM-D were administered before and after the 20 sessions of rTMS. Phase locked values (PLV) were calculated as a measure of connectivity. Results: There was a significant decrease in HAM-D scores in both BS and US. In responders, BS and US differed significantly in RRS total scores, with greater reduction in BS. PLV significantly changed in the default mode network (DMN) in delta, theta, alpha, and beta in BS, in responders of which PLV decreased in the DMN in beta and gamma. Positive correlations between PLV and brooding in delta and theta, and negative correlations between PLV and reflection were found in theta, alpha, and beta. In US, connectivity in the DMN increased in beta, and PLV increased in theta and beta, and decreased in alpha and beta in its responders. Positive correlations between PLV and brooding in the delta and theta, as well as negative correlations between PLV and reflection in theta were observed in the DMN. Conclusion: US and BS resulted in different modulations in the DMN, however, both could alleviate both rumination and depression. Reductions in the beta and alpha frequency bands in the DMN can be considered as potential EEG-based markers of response to bilateral and unilateral rTMS, respectively.
Acupuncture combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To observe the curative effect of Shugan Tiaoshen (soothing liver and regulating mind) acupuncture combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of post-stroke depression (PSD), and to explore its mechanism. METHODS: Ninety patients of PSD were randomly divided into an acupuncture+rTMS combination group (30 cases), a rTMS combination group (30 cases, 1 case dropped off) and a western medication group (30 cases, 1 case dropped off). The western medication group was treated with escitalopram oxalate tablets, 10 mg orally each time, once a day; on the basis of the treatment in the western medication group, the rTMS combination group was additionally given rTMS, and the frequency was 20 Hz, 20 min each time, once a day, 5 times a week; on the basis of the treatment in the rTMS combination group, the acupuncture+rTMS combination group was additionally treated with Shugan Tiaoshen acupuncture at Baihui (GV 20), Sishencong (EX-HN 1), Yintang (GV 24+), Shenting (GV 24), etc. for 40 min each time, once a day, weekly 5 times, and each group was treated for 4 weeks. Before and after treatment, the scores of Hamilton depression scale-17 (HAMD-17), Montreal cognitive assessment scale (MoCA), Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI) were observed, and serum levels of 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) were detected in each group. RESULTS: After treatment, the HAMD-17 scores in the three groups were lower than those before treatment (P<0.01), and the PSQI scores in the acupuncture+rTMS combination group and the rTMS combination group were lower than those before treatment (P<0.01); the above indexes in the acupuncture+rTMS combination group and the rTMS combination group were lower than those in the western medication group (P<0.05), and the PSQI score in the acupuncture+rTMS combination group was lower than that in the rTMS combination group (P<0.05). After treatment, the MoCA scores and serum BDNF levels in the acupuncture+rTMS combination group and the rTMS combination group were higher than those before treatment (P<0.01), and the serum 5-HT levels in the three groups were higher than those before treatment (P<0.01); and the above indexes in the acupuncture+rTMS combination group and the rTMS combination group were higher than those in the western medication group (P<0.05), and which in the acupuncture+rTMS combination group were higher than those in the rTMS combination group (P<0.05). CONCLUSION: On the basis of western medication escitalopram oxalate, the addition of Shugan Tiaoshen acupuncture combined with rTMS therapy can effectively improve cognitive function and sleep quality in patients with PSD, and the effect is better than that of western medication alone or rTMS combined with western medication. Its mechanism of action may be related to the increase of peripheral serum 5-HT and BDNF levels.
Efficacy of non-pharmacological interventions for depression in individuals with Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Background: Depression in Parkinson's disease (PD) is a major health concern worldwide. Recently, an increasing number of non-pharmacological interventions have been used in PD to alleviate depressive symptoms. However, it is uncertain which intervention is the best, and related evidence is limited. This network meta-analysis was performed to compare and rank non-pharmacological interventions for PD and analyze their effects on depression to provide evidence for clinicians to choose appropriate non-pharmacological management options. Methods: The PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), PsycINFO, China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI), and Wanfang databases were searched from inception to April 7, 2022. Two authors screened all studies, extracted the data, and evaluated the methodological quality. STATA software version 16.0 was used to conduct the network meta-analysis. Results: Our network meta-analysis included 62 studies involving 3,050 participants and 35 non-pharmacological interventions. Although most non-pharmacological interventions showed non-significant effects, the surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA) values indicated that the best non-pharmacological intervention for depression was dance (82.3%), followed by LSVT-BIG therapy (77.4%), and CBT (73.6%). Conclusion: Dance can be considered as an effective therapy for improving depression in patients with PD. In the future, more strictly designed trials are needed to verify the conclusions of this network meta-analysis.
Combining Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation with Antidepressants: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) imposes significant disability on patients. In addition to antidepressants, brain stimulation modalities such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) have been helpful in treatment of MDD. Novel TMS paradigms like theta burst stimulation (TBS) have rapidly become popular due to their effectiveness. Given that both antidepressants and TMS are commonly used together and affect neuroplasticity, we reviewed studies that administered both these as treatments for MDD. Unlike ECT wherein previous trials have shown that continuing pharmacotherapy is useful while giving ECT, there are no consensus guidelines on what to do with antidepressants when starting TMS. So, we reviewed two groups of studies – 1) those that administered TMS and antidepressant pharmacotherapy concurrently and 2) those wherein TMS augmented antidepressants or were an adjunctive intervention to antidepressants. We performed a meta-analysis for randomized clinical trials (RCTs) that administered TMS and antidepressants concurrently. We found ten RCTs fulfilling criteria 1 and compared uniformly titrated antidepressant regimens combined with active versus sham TMS. We also found twenty studies fulfilling criterion 2, that used TMS as an augmenting or adjunctive intervention. Both groups of studies showed TMS combined with antidepressants had greater efficacy for treatment of MDD. We advocate for laboratory studies examining the interaction between TMS and antidepressants in a parametric fashion; in addition to randomized controlled trials that examine this combination to expedite remission in MDD.
Effectiveness of Standard Sequential Bilateral Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation vs Bilateral Theta Burst Stimulation in Older Adults with Depression: The FOUR-D Randomized Noninferiority Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is common in older adults. Bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 48 minutes has demonstrated efficacy in TRD. Theta burst stimulation (TBS), a newer form of rTMS, can also be delivered bilaterally using left intermittent TBS and right continuous TBS for only 4 minutes. Objective: To establish the effectiveness and tolerability of TBS compared with standard rTMS in older adults with TRD. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this randomized noninferiority trial with open treatment and blinded assessors, recruitment occurred between December 2016 and March 2020. The trial was conducted at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto, Ontario, Canada and included outpatients 60 years and older with a diagnosis of depression, moderate severity, and nonresponse to 1 or more antidepressant trial of adequate dosage and duration or intolerance of 2 or more trials. Interventions: Participants were randomized to receive a course of 4 to 6 weeks of either bilateral standard rTMS or TBS. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome measure was change in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale; secondary outcome measures included the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (16-item) (self-report), and dropout rates. A noninferiority margin of 2.75 points was used for the primary outcome. All participants who attained the primary completion point of 4 weeks were analyzed. Results: A total of 87 participants (mean [SD] age, 67.1 [6.7] years; 47 [54.0%] female) were randomized to standard bilateral rTMS and 85 (mean [SD] age, 66.3 [5.3] years; 45 [52.9%] female) to TBS, of whom 85 (98%) and 79 (93%) were assessed for the primary outcome, respectively, whereas tolerability was assessed in all randomized participants. In the rTMS group, 4 (4.6%) were American Indian, reported other, or preferred not to answer; 5 (5.8%) were Asian; and 78 (89.7%) were White. In the TBS group, 6 (7.1%) were Asian, 2 (2.4%) were Black or reported other, and 77 (90.3%) were White. Mean (SD) Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale total scores improved from 25.6 (4.0) to 17.3 (8.9) for rTMS and 25.7 (4.7) to 15.8 (9.1) for TBS (adjusted difference, 1.55; lower 95% CI -0.67), establishing noninferiority for TBS. The all-cause dropout rates were relatively similar between groups (rTMS: 2 of 87 [2.3%]; TBS: 6 of 85 [7.1%]; P =.14; χ2= 2.2). Conclusions and Relevance: In older adults with TRD, bilateral TBS compared with standard bilateral rTMS achieved noninferior reduction in depression symptoms. Both treatments had low and similar dropout rates. Using TBS rather than rTMS could increase access to treatment several-fold for older adults with TRD. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02998580.
Emotion Recognition Deficits in Psychiatric Disorders as a Target of Non-invasive Neuromodulation: A Systematic Review$$$ Background. Social cognition deficits are a core feature of psychiatric disorders, such as schizophrenia and mood disorder, and deteriorate the functionality of patients. However, no definite strategy has been established to treat social cognition (eg, emotion recognition) impairments in these illnesses. Here, we provide a systematic review of the literature regarding transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of social cognition deficits in individuals with psychiatric disorders. Methods. A literature search was conducted on English articles identified by PubMed, PsycINFO, and Web of Science databases, according to the guidelines of the PRISMA statement. We defined the inclusion criteria as follows: (1) randomized controlled trials (RCTs), (2) targeting patients with psychiatric disorders (included in F20-F39 of the 10th revision of the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems [ICD-10]), (3) evaluating the effect of tDCS or rTMS, (4) reporting at least one standardized social cognition test. Results. Five papers (3 articles on tDCS and 2 articles on rTMS) met the inclusion criteria which deal with schizophrenia or depression. The significant effects of tDCS or rTMS targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the emotion recognition domain were reported in patients with schizophrenia or depression. In addition, rTMS on the right inferior parietal lobe was shown to ameliorate social perception impairments of schizophrenia. Conclusions. tDCS and rTMS may enhance some domains of social cognition in patients with psychiatric disorders. Further research is warranted to identify optimal parameters to maximize the cognitive benefits of these neuromodulation methods.
Effectiveness of aromatherapy with inhaled lavender essential oil and breathing exercises on ECT-related anxiety in depressed patients$$$ Background and aims Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered a safe, effective, and significant treatment in patients suffering from a major depressive disorder. Anxiety caused by this invasive treatment may impose several side effects on patients. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effectiveness of aromatherapy with inhaled lavender essential oil and breathing exercises on ECT-related anxiety in depressed patients. Methods In this randomized controlled clinical trial, 90 depressed patients were selected and divided into three groups: aromatherapy, breathing exercise, and routine care using a random allocation method. Before undergoing ECT, the aromatherapy group was exposed to the inhaled lavender essential oil (n = 30), the breathing exercise group performed the breathing exercises (n = 30), and the routine care group received routine care (n = 30). Before (20 min) and after the intervention (30 min later), patients' anxiety was assessed using Beck Anxiety Inventory. Results After the intervention, the results revealed that anxiety score changes were statistically significant among the three groups (p < 0.001). In addition, it was found that the patients’ mean anxiety scores significantly decreased in the aromatherapy and breathing exercise groups compared to with the pre-intervention scores (p < 0.001). Conclusion Aromatherapy with inhaled lavender essential oil and breathing exercises can be considered by clinical nurses as simple, applicable, and effective interventions to reduce ECT-related anxiety in depressed patients.
Mitigating acute chemotherapy-associated adverse events in patients with cancer$$$ Despite the enthusiasm surrounding novel targeted agents and immunotherapies, chemotherapy remains the mainstay treatment for most human malignancies, either alone or in combination. Yet, the burden of chemotherapy-associated adverse events (CAAEs) remains high and, importantly, is associated with considerable morbidity, mortality and costs that affect patients across multiple dimensions, including physical, emotional and social functioning. CAAEs can directly affect patient outcomes and indirectly increase the risk of cancer recurrence by compromising treatment intensity and continuity. Systematic efforts to identify and critically summarize the evidence on management approaches for CAAEs remain limited. Herein, we review the most common acute CAAEs having a major effect on survival, quality of life, function and/or continuation of optimal therapy. We focus on selected acute toxicities that occur during treatment, summarizing their underlying pathophysiology, multifactorial aetiologies, evidenced-based treatments, prevention strategies and management recommendations. We also summarize the available evidence on risk factors, validated risk assessment tools and other efforts to optimize symptom control in patients most likely to benefit in order to personalize the prevention and treatment of acute CAAEs. Finally, we discuss innovative symptom monitoring and supportive care interventions that are under development to further improve the outcomes of patients with cancer.
The effect of continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy on cognition: A systematic review of the literature and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression, mania, and refractory schizophrenia. Its tolerability profile is established for acute treatment, but less is known regarding the effects of longer treatment courses, particularly on cognitive performance. Objectives: To assess the effect of the long-term ECT on cognition. Methods: We searched CINAHL, EMBASE, PsychInfo and Pubmed, for the period between January 1, 2010, and June 30, 2022, in English or French, for randomized controlled trials, prospective or retrospective studies of ECT continued for at least 2 months for the treatment of mood or schizophrenic disorders and which measured cognition before and at the end of treatment. Non-peer reviewed records were excluded. The Cochrane Risk of Bias tool was used to assess study quality. Classical meta-analyses, with heterogeneity statistics (tau2, I2) were complemented with three level-meta-analysis and Bayesian Meta-analyses. Results: Nine studies were included in the narrative and quantitative review. Controlled comparison at 6 months (k = 6, n = 334) and at 12 months (k = 3, n = 56), within-subject comparisons at 6 (k = 6, n = 218) and 12 months (k = 4, n = 147) showed no detrimental effect of maintenance or continuation ECT on cognition, with little to no heterogeneity. Bayesian analysis further confirmed that data better supported the no effects hypothesis. Limitations: Insufficient data resulted in imprecision in estimates. Conclusions: Continuation and maintenance ECT do not appear detrimental for cognitive performance. However, the low number of studies limit the interpretation of the results.
Boosting psychological change: Combining non-invasive brain stimulation with psychotherapy$$$ Mental health disorders and substance use disorders are a leading cause of morbidity and mortality worldwide, and one of the most important challenges for public health systems. While evidence-based psychotherapy is generally pursued to address mental health challenges, psychological change is often hampered by non-adherence to treatments, relapses, and practical barriers (e.g., time, cost). In recent decades, Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques have emerged as promising tools to directly target dysfunctional neural circuitry and promote long-lasting plastic changes. While the therapeutic efficacy of NIBS protocols for mental illnesses has been established, neuromodulatory interventions might also be employed to support the processes activated by psychotherapy. Indeed, combining psychotherapy with NIBS might help tailor the treatment to the patient's unique characteristics and therapeutic goal, and would allow more direct control of the neuronal changes induced by therapy. Herein, we overview emerging evidence on the use of NIBS to enhance the psychotherapeutic effect, while highlighting the next steps in advancing clinical and research methods toward personalized intervention approaches.
Intervention methods for improving reduced heart rate variability in patients with major depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Several studies have demonstrated that patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) commonly show reductions in heart rate variability (HRV) parameters. Thus, interventions for the improvement of low HRV may be advantageous in treating MDD. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to explore the improvement effects of current clinical treatments on low HRV in patients with MDD. Methods: Based on the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines, the PubMed, EMBASE, PsycINFO, and CNKI databases were searched for relevant literature. Interventional studies of patients with confirmed MDD, which included baseline and post-intervention data and at least one HRV parameter as an outcome indicator, were included for meta-analysis. Results: Twenty-one studies were included in the review. Several studies affirmed the role of psychotherapy in improving low HRV in patients with MDD showing a significant increase in high-frequency and low-frequency power after psychotherapy in the meta-analysis. However, both pharmacotherapy studies and physiotherapy studies included in the meta-analysis showed significant heterogeneity. Limitations: The main limitation of this study was the relatively small samples for the meta-analysis, and more high-quality randomized controlled trials in this field are wanted. Conclusions: Psychotherapy was effective for improving low HRV in patients with MDD. However, the effect of pharmacotherapy or physical therapy on low HRV in MDD remains unclear. Regarding research methods, it is necessary to formulate and standardize operational guidelines for future HRV measurements.
(140) Successful Treatment of Excoriation Disorder with IV N-Acetylcysteine$$$ Background: Excoriation Disorder (ED) entails compulsive manipulation of skin with tissue damage. No consensus exists around optimal treatment (Lochner, 2017), and while case reports and clinical trials demonstrate efficacy and safety of oral n-acetylcysteine (NAC), intravenous NAC’s efficacy has not been explored as thoroughly. NAC increases extracellular concentrations of glutamate in the nucleus accumbens, thus inhibiting further presynaptic release of glutamate (Grant, 2016). This may normalize dysregulated glutamate in compulsive disorders. We report a case suggesting intravenous administration of NAC may be effective in treating ED. Case Report: A 38-year-old woman with tobacco, cannabis, and MDMA use, MDD, GAD, PTSD, and 8 years of ED was admitted to the medicine service following an argument with her fiancé and overdose on baclofen and acetaminophen. She reported that ED-related scarring caused pain and impacted self-esteem. Upon hospital day (HD) 1, she received 150mg/kg IV NAC for acetaminophen overdose. Initial dose of 14.97g was followed by additional doses of 4.99g and 9.98g. On HD2 and HD3, a steady dose of 9.07g IV NAC per day was administered and family support increased. By HD4, she described decreased skin-picking. Escitalopram 10mg PO daily was started on HD5. Mindfulness-based and psychotherapeutic interventions for depression and ED were introduced on HD6 and 7. NAC 600mg capsules PO once daily were initiated for ED on HD7. She reported mindfulness techniques helped manage skin-picking urges and was transferred to the psychiatric unit on HD7. On HD10, depression and skin-picking remained absent. She was discharged on oral NAC 600mg daily, escitalopram 20mg daily, hydroxyzine 25mg as needed, and ferrous sulfate 325mg. Discussion: After IV NAC, ED improved prior to initiating escitalopram and antihistamines, suggesting that high dose IV NAC effected rapid resolution. Improvement in depression due to increased social support may have also improved or attenuated symptoms. IV NAC is safe, inexpensive, readily available inpatient, and requires little expertise to administer. Psychiatric patients already routinely receive interventional procedures such as ECT, TMS, and ketamine infusions. If further research demonstrates efficacy of IV NAC, it could be rapidly instituted on a large scale for ED. Conclusion: High dose IV NAC may have contributed to the patient’s rapidly improved skin-picking prior to initiation of other psychiatric interventions. Future RCTs would help explore the efficacy of high doses of NAC alone and in combination with psychotherapy and SSRIs. References: Grant, J. E., Chamberlain, S. R., Redden, S. A., Leppink, E. W., Odlaug, B. L., & Kim, S. W. (2016). N-Acetylcysteine in the Treatment of Excoriation Disorder: A Randomized Clinical Trial. JAMA psychiatry, 73(5), 490–496. Lochner, C., Roos, A., & Stein, D. J. (2017). Excoriation (skin-picking) disorder: a systematic review of treatment options. Neuropsychiatric disease and treatment, 13, 1867–1872.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on pain and emotion of patients with neuropathic pain$$$ Objective To investigate the effect of high - frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on pain and emotion in patients with neuropathic pain (NP) combined with anxiety and/ or depression. Methods A total of 39 patients with NP combined with anxiety and/or depression from June 2019 to October 2021 were included and randomly divided into conventional treatment combined with sham stimulation group (control group, n = 19) and conventional treatment - assisted high - frequency rTMS (rTMS group, n = 20). The Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) was used to evaluate the pain state, Hamilton Anxiety Scale - 14 (HAMA - 14) was used to evaluate the anxiety state, and Hamilton Depression Scale - 17 (HAMD-17) was used to evaluate depression state before treatment and at 3 days, 1 week, 2 weeks, 3 weeks and 4 weeks of treatment. Results The NRS score (F = 23.573, P = 0.000) and HAMD score (F = 15.426, P = 0.000) before and after treatment were significantly different between the 2 groups. The NRS score and HAMD score in rTMS group were lower than those in control group at 1, 2, 3 and 4 weeks of treatment (P ≤ 0.01, for all). The differences in NRS score (F = 317.751, P = 0.000), HAMA score (F = 81.510, P = 0.000) and HAMD score (F = 32.773, P = 0.000) at different observation times were also statistically significant in the same treatment group. In rTMS group, NRS score and HAMD score at 1, 2, 3 and 4 weeks of treatment were lower than those before treatment and 3 days of treatment (P < 0.01, for all), and HAMA score at 1, 2 and 3 weeks of treatment were lower than those before treatment and 3 days of treatment (P = 0.000, for all). HAMA score at 4 weeks of treatment was lower than that before treatment (P = 0.007), at 1 week (P = 0.014) and 2 weeks (P = 0.001) of treatment. In control group, NRS score only at 4 weeks of treatment was lower than that before treatment (P = 0.000), HAMA score at 1, 2 and 3 weeks of treatment was lower than those before treatment (P < 0.05, for all), and HAMA score at 1 week of treatment was lower than that at 3 days of treatment (P = 0.002). Spearman correlation analysis showed that the degree of pain relief before and after treatment was positively correlated with the ease of anxiety (rs = 0.442, P = 0.048) and depression (rs = 0.705, P = 0.001). Conclusions High-frequency rTMS is a safe and effective treatment for NP with anxiety and/ or depression. It can significantly ease anxiety and depression in patients while relieving pain.
Ketamine as potential treatment for postpartum depression: A narrative review$$$ Background: Postpartum depression (PPD) is a severe, debilitating mood disorder with consequences for both mothers and children, highlighting the need for rapid-acting and effective treatments for PPD. The aim of this narrative review is to synthesize the available literature on the administration of ketamine for PPD and propose ketamine as a viable and advantageous treatment. methods: A search was conducted on MEDLINE/PubMed, Psyclnfo, and Embase databases from inception to October 10, 2021 for preclinical studies, interventional studies (ie, open-label and randomized controlled trials), as well as systematic reviews and meta-analyses evaluating the use of ketamine in postpartum populations. Completed and ongoing clinical trials were identified on ClinicalTrials.gov. results: Four clinical trials were identified. Results from this review support additional investigation into ketamine as a potential treatment for PPD. conclusions: Ketamine may be a favorable option for treating PPD due to its antidepressive and analgesic effects, short infusion time, and rapid clearance from the maternal bloodstream. However, there is insufficient evidence to support its use in this population, underscoring the importance of additional clinical research investigating ketamine for PPD.
Effects of paired associative magnetic stimulation between nerve root and cortex on motor function of lower limbs after spinal cord injury: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ [INLINE:1] Classic paired associative stimulation can improve synaptic plasticity, as demonstrated by animal experiments and human clinical trials in spinal cord injury patients. Paired associative magnetic stimulation (dual-Target peripheral and central magnetic stimulation) has been shown to promote neurologic recovery after stroke. However, it remains unclear whether paired associative magnetic stimulation can promote recovery of lower limb motor dysfunction after spinal cord injury. We hypothesize that the current caused by central and peripheral magnetic stimulation will converge at the synapse, which will promote synapse function and improve the motor function of the relevant muscles. Therefore, this study aimed to examine the effects of paired associative magnetic stimulation on neural circuit activation by measuring changes in motor evoked and somatosensory evoked potentials, motor and sensory function of the lower limbs, functional health and activities of daily living, and depression in patients with spinal cord injury. We will recruit 110 thoracic spinal trauma patients treated in the Department of Spinal Cord Injury, China Rehabilitation Hospital and randomly assign them to experimental and control groups in a 1:1 ratio. The trial group (n = 55) will be treated with paired associative magnetic stimulation and conventional rehabilitation treatment. The control group (n = 55) will be treated with sham stimulation and conventional rehabilitation treatment. Outcomes will be measured at four time points: baseline and 4, 12, and 24 weeks after the start of intervention (active or sham paired associative magnetic stimulation). The primary outcome measure of this trial is change in lower limb American Spinal Injury Association Impairment Scale motor function score from baseline to last follow-up. Secondary outcome measures include changes in lower limb American Spinal Injury Association sensory function score, motor evoked potentials, sensory evoked potentials, modified Ashworth scale score, Maslach Burnout Inventory score, and Hamilton Depression Scale score over time. Motor evoked potential latency reflects corticospinal tract transmission time, while amplitude reflects recruitment ability; both measures can help elucidate the mechanism underlying the effect of paired associative magnetic stimulation on synaptic efficiency. Adverse events will be recorded. Findings from this trial will help to indicate whether paired associative magnetic stimulation (1) promotes recovery of lower limb sensory and motor function, reduces spasticity, and improves quality of life; (2) promotes neurologic recovery by increasing excitability of spinal cord motor neurons and stimulating synaptic plasticity; and (3) improves rehabilitation outcome in patients with spinal cord injury. Recruitment for this trial began in April 2021 and is currently ongoing. It was approved by the Ethics Committee of Yangzhi Affiliated Rehabilitation Hospital of Tongji University, China (approval No. YZ2020-018) on May 18, 2020. The study protocol was registered in the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (registration number: ChiCTR2100044794) on March 27, 2021 (protocol version 1.0). This trial will be completed in April 2022.
Random Forest Classification to Predict Response to High-Definition Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Tinnitus Relief: A Preliminary Feasibility Study$$$ OBJECTIVES: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has been hypothesized to reduce tinnitus severity by modifying cortical activity in brain regions associated with the perception of tinnitus. However, individual response to tDCS has proven to be variable. We investigated the feasibility of using random forest classification to predict the response to high-definition (HD) tDCS for tinnitus relief. DESIGN: A retrospective analysis was performed on a dataset consisting of 99 patients with subjective tinnitus receiving six consecutive sessions of HD-tDCS at the Antwerp University Hospital. A baseline assessment consisted of pure-tone audiometry and a set of questionnaires including the Tinnitus Functional Index (TFI), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and Edinburgh Handedness Inventory. Random forest classification was applied to predict, based on baseline questionnaire scores and hearing levels, whether each individual responded positively to the treatment (defined as a decrease of at least 13 points on the TFI). Further testing of the model was performed on an independent cohort of 32 patients obtained from the tinnitus center at the University of Regensburg. RESULTS: Twenty-four participants responded positively to the HD-tDCS treatment. The random forest classifier predicted treatment response with an accuracy of 85.71% (100% sensitivity, 81.48% specificity), significantly outperforming a more traditional logistic regression approach. Performance of the classifier on an independent cohort was slightly but not significantly above chance level (71.88% accuracy, 66.67% sensitivity, 73.08% specificity). Feature importance analyses revealed that baseline tinnitus severity, co-occurrence of depressive symptoms and handedness were the most important predictors of treatment response. Baseline TFI scores were significantly higher in responders than in nonresponders. CONCLUSIONS: The proposed random forest classifier predicted treatment response with a high accuracy, significantly outperforming a more traditional statistical approach. Machine learning methods to predict treatment response might ultimately be used in a clinical setting to guide targeted treatment recommendations for individual tinnitus patients.
Neuromodulation by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for the treatment of chronic low back pain$$$ Introduction: Despite effective surgical treatments, chronic low back pain (cLBP) remains a major burden of our society. Repetitive transcranial stimulation (rTMS) as non-invasive brain stimulation method can elicit analgesic effects and has been shown to be beneficial in chronic pain conditions. In the literature, a variety of stimulation parameters and sites is reported, and results are heterogenous. Methods: In a cohort of cLBP patients seen in a neurosurgical clinic, we investigated the effectiveness of 13 sessions 20 Hz (2000 pulses) and 5 Hz (1800 pulses) rTMS stimulation over the left precentral gyrus (PCG) and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The sham-group was limited to 7 sessions of placebo stimulation. Outcome parameters were acquired using the German Pain Questionnaire (GPQ), Depression, Anxiety and Stress Scale (DASS), and SF-12 questionnaire. Results: 9 patients in the PCG group and 7 in the DLPFC group finished the protocol. In the latter, pain perception was significantly more reduced (38.17%) than in the PCG group (56.11%) (p = <0.001). In comparison to the sham-group, quality of life increased in the DLPFC-group (40.47 vs. 35.06) (p = 0.016). Discussion: Left DLPFC rTMS can improve quality of life and reduce pain levels in cLBP patients, while PCG stimulation showed no significant reduction of pain. Non-invasive brain stimulation can be an alternative treatment for patients without indication for (further) surgery and exhausted conservative treatments.
A Neuroimaging-based Precision Medicine Framework for Depression$$$ Objective: Developing a neuroimaging-based precision medicine framework for depression. Methods: The study was conducted in two stages at two sites: development of a neuroimaging-based subtyping and precise repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) strategy for depression at Center 1 and its clinical application at Center 2. Center 1 identified depression subtypes and subtype-specific rTMS targets based on amplitude of low frequency fluctuation (ALFF) in a cohort of 238 major depressive disorder patients and 66 healthy controls (HC). Subtypes were identified using a Gaussian Mixture Model, and subtype-specific rTMS targets were selected based on dominant brain regions prominently differentiating depression subtypes from HC. Subsequently, one classifier trained per Center 1 findings for subtyping and subtype-specific rTMS targets were employed to deliver two-week precise rTMS to 72 hospitalized, depressed youths at Center 2. MRI and clinical assessments were obtained at baseline, midpoint, and treatment completion for evaluation. Results: Two neuroimaging subtypes of depression, archetypal and atypical depression, were identified based on distinct frontal-posterior functional imbalance patterns as measured by ALFF. The dorsomedial prefrontal cortex was identified as the rTMS target for archetypal depression, and the occipital cortex for atypical depression. Following precise rTMS, ALFF alterations were normalized in both archetypal and atypical depressed youths, corresponding with symptom response of 90.00% in archetypal depression and 70.73% in atypical depression. Conclusions: A precision medicine framework for depression was developed based on frontal-posterior functional imbalance and implemented with promising results. Future randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Adjunctive accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for older patients with depression: A systematic review$$$ Objective: We performed this systemic review to investigate the therapeutic potential and safety of adjunctive accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (aTMS) for older patients with depression. Methods: We included published randomized clinical trials (RCTs) and observational studies targeting adjunctive aTMS for older patients with depression. Results: Two open-label self-controlled studies (n = 29) fulfilled the criteria for inclusion. The included studies reported significant improvements in depressive symptoms from baseline to post-aTMS (all Ps < 0.05). One study reported a dropout rate of 10.5% (2/19). Mild headache was the most common adverse reaction. Conclusion: The currently available evidence from two open-label self-controlled studies indicates that adjunctive aTMS is a safe and effective therapy for older patients with depression.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on sequelae in patients with chronic stroke: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Stroke is the second leading cause of death worldwide, with a large proportion of survivors suffering from motor dysfunction and neuropsychiatric sequelae. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising stroke rehabilitation intervention and is effective in improving neurological system function in stroke patients. In the current systemic review and meta-analysis, an overview of the most recent studies regarding the effectiveness of rTMS's potential to help chronic stroke patients recover from sequelae was provided. Methods: Relevant randomized controlled trials were retrieved from three online databases (Web of Science, Medline, and Embase). A total of 25 RCTs (N = 535 participants) were included. A meta-analysis was performed using a fixed-effects model or a random-effects model, and effect sizes were reported as weighted mean differences or standardized mean differences. Results: Administration of rTMS significantly improved upper limb function, hand function, and muscle tone in stroke patients throughout the chronic phase [≥6 months], but not lower limb mobility and strength. In terms of cognitive function, rTMS has a considerable positive impact on patients' cognitive performance. rTMS also alleviated apathy in stroke patients more than post-stroke depressive symptoms regarding mental functioning. Balance and walking function, as well as functional activities of daily living, of patients were dramatically improved by rTMS. However, the current conclusions should be taken carefully due to the small sample size of the meta-analysis. Conclusions: This is the first meta-analysis of rTMS treatment in patients with chronic stroke to inform the selection of the optimal treatment strategy for patients with chronic stroke, which demonstrated that rTMS treatment has the potential to improve the effects of sequelae by improving upper limb function, hand function, and muscle tone. Systematic review registration: https://inplasy.com/inplasy-2022-7-0095/, identifier: INPLASY202270095.
Non-invasive brain neuromodulation techniques for chronic low back pain$$$ Structural and functional changes of the brain occur in many chronic pain conditions, including chronic low back pain (CLBP), and these brain abnormalities can be reversed by effective treatment. Research on the clinical applications of non-invasive brain neuromodulation (NIBS) techniques for chronic pain is increasing. Unfortunately, little is known about the effectiveness of NIBS on CLBP, which limits its application in clinical pain management. Therefore, we summarized the effectiveness and limitations of NIBS techniques on CLBP management and described the effects and mechanisms of NIBS approaches on CLBP in this review. Overall, NIBS may be effective for the treatment of CLBP. And the analgesic mechanisms of NIBS for CLBP may involve the regulation of pain signal pathway, synaptic plasticity, neuroprotective effect, neuroinflammation modulation, and variations in cerebral blood flow and metabolism. Current NIBS studies for CLBP have limitations, such as small sample size, relative low quality of evidence, and lack of mechanistic studies. Further studies on the effect of NIBS are needed, especially randomized controlled trials with high quality and large sample size.
Classification of vertigo state based on machine learning and electroencephalogram signal analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroencephalogram (EEG) is a common means to detect and analyze vertigo in clinic. Currently, unipolar or multistage lead tracing is mostly used to record and analyze whether the EEG frequency is abnormal. However, the EEG process of vertigo is extremely complex. It is difficult to accurately classify and detect the vertigo state only using a frequency speed analysis. OBJECTIVE: To classify the types of vertigo based on the combination of machine learning and EEG signal analysis, which has certain research significance and clinical application value for the diagnosis of vertigo. METHODS: The non-invasive vestibular function regulation technology for vestibular electrical stimulation was used to create a reversible vertigo state. The stimulation current intensity was 1, 2, and 4 times that of the skin perception threshold. All subjects were required to fill in a dizziness handicap inventory after different intensity current stimulations. The vertigo symptoms were divided into different grades according to the evaluation results of the dizziness handicap inventory, which was used as the data label for supervised learning of EEG classification. The stimulated EEG signals were collected, the wavelet energy and wavelet entropy sample features of EEG signals were extracted by wavelet transform, and a variety of machine learning classification models were used to classify the features of samples with or without vertigo and with different levels of vertigo. RESULTS AND CONCLUSION: By comparing the classification results of various classification models, we found that the supervised learning classification based on the wavelet transform characteristics of EEG signals could realize the binary classification and multi-classification of vertigo and vertigo level. Compared with logistic regression model, support vector machine model, back propagation neural network model, and random forest classification model showed higher accuracy in the binary classification and multi-classification of vertigo detection. The accuracy of the binary classification was up to 82.5% and the operating characteristic curve area was 0.913; the accuracy of the three-way classification was up to 75.8% and the operating characteristic curve area was 0.927. All these findings indicate that the random forest model has a relatively higher accuracy in the classification of EEG features with or without vertigo and vertigo level. This method provides a feasible supplementary scheme for the classification and detection of vertigo symptoms and offers a new perspective on the diagnosis of vertigo.
Long-term effect of transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of chronic tinnitus: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Tinnitus is an intrusive and chronic illness affecting a significant portion of the population, decreasing affected individuals’ quality of life and socioeconomic functioning. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neuromodulatory method utilizing weak electrical currents to elicit short and long-term central nervous system changes. Several studies have proven its effect on tinnitus. We aimed to broaden the knowledge and provide data on the effect and its retention. Methods: In the randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled trial, 39 patients (active n = 19, sham n = 20) underwent bifrontal tDCS (anode over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), cathode left DLPFC, current of 1.5 mA, 20 min, 6 sessions in 2 weeks). Tinnitus Functional Index (TFI), Iowa Tinnitus Handicap Questionnaire (ITHQ), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS), and WHO-Quality of Life-BREF were employed in 4 evaluation points, including the follow-ups of 6 weeks and 6 months. Results: We reached a delayed, significant long-term improvement (p < 0.05) in auditory difficulties associated with tinnitus and noticed it even after 6 months compared to placebo. We also reached a short-term, negative effect in the psychological domain of WHO-Quality of Life-BREF (p < 0.05). Not all subdomains of TFI and ITHQ reached statistical significance during the data analysis, even though specific positive trends were noticed. Conclusion: We proved partial, positive, long-term effects of tDCS on tinnitus and short-term, negative, transient effect on a specific aspect of the general quality of life. We expanded upon the results of previous trials and provided data concerning the longevity and the precise effect of multiple sessions, bifrontal DLPFC tDCS. Our sample size (n = 39) was limited, which might have contributed to the lesser statistical power of the analyzed items. Clinical trial registration: [www.ClinicalTrials.gov], identifier [NCT05437185].
Pain reduction in fibromyalgia syndrome through pairing transcranial direct current stimulation and mindfulness meditation: A randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled pilot clinical trial$$$ Background: This double-blinded, randomized and sham-controlled pilot clinical trial aimed to investigate the preliminary clinical efficacy and feasibility of combining mindfulness meditation (MM) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for pain and associated symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS). Methods: Included FMS patients (age: 33 to 70) were randomized to three different groups to receive either ten daily sessions of anodal tDCS over the left primary motor cortex paired with MM for 20 min (active + MM, n = 10), sham tDCS combined with MM (sham + MM, n = 10) or no intervention (NoT, n = 10). Patients in the bimodal therapy groups received a week of training in MM prior to the stimulation. Participants reported pain intensity, the primary outcome, by filling in a pain diary daily throughout the whole study. They were also evaluated for quality of life, pressure pain sensitivity, psychological wellbeing, sleep quality and sleep quantity. Assessments were performed at three time points (baseline, immediately after treatment and one-month follow-up). Results: Participants in the active + MM group did not exhibit reduced pain intensity following the bimodal therapy compared to controls. Patients in active group demonstrated clinically meaningful and significantly higher quality of life following the therapeutic intervention than other groups. There was no significant difference among groups regarding pressure pain sensitivity, sleep parameters and psychological scales. The combined treatment was well tolerated among participants, with no serious adverse effects. Conclusion: This study was the first to pair these two effective non-pharmacological therapies for pain management in FMS. In the light of an underpowered sample size, repetitive anodal tDCS combined with MM did not improve pain or FMS-associated symptoms. However, patients in the active + MM group reported higher quality of life than the control groups. Studies with more participants and longer follow-ups are required to confirm our findings. Clinical trial registration: [www.drks.de], identifier [DRKS00023490].
Effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with citalopram on patients with post-stroke depression$$$ Background: Amelioration of depression in patients with post-stroke depression (PSD) remains challenging. Objective: The primary vision was to explore the effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in combination with citalopram on patients with PSD. Methods: One hundred eligible patients who were diagnosed with PSD were recruited and randomly assigned to the control group (n = 50) or the TMS group (n = 50). The controls were given citalopram (10 mg/d for consecutive 8 weeks), while, in addition to citalopram, patients in the TMS group were also given TMS at 5 Hz once a workday for 8 weeks. The primary outcome was patient depression status as reflected by 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17) score, and the secondary outcome was patient neuropsychological score determined by Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST). Results: Patients treated with TMS in combination with citalopram had a drastic decrease in HAMD-17 score during treatment. Bigger changes in HAMD-17 score between baseline and 2 weeks as well as between baseline and 8 weeks in the TMS group were observed (P < 0.01). Patients in both groups had increased MMSE scores after treatment. Data of WCST revealed patients with TMS treatment completed more categories (P < 0.01) and had a lower RPP in comparison to patients in the control group (P < 0.0001). Additionally, TMS in combination with citalopram strikingly improved patients' MMSE scores when compared with those taking citalopram alone. Last, there was no striking difference in side effects between the two groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Our study found TMS in combination with citalopram is conducive to improving depression status and neuropsychological function, which holds great promise for treating PSD.
Continuous theta burst stimulation over the bilateral supplementary motor area in obsessive-compulsive disorder treatment: A clinical randomized single-blind sham-controlled trial$$$ Abstract Background Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) can cause substantial damage to quality of life. Continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) is a promising treatment for OCD patients with the advantages of safety and noninvasiveness. Objective The present study aimed to evaluate the treatment efficacy of cTBS over the bilateral supplementary motor area (SMA) for OCD patients with a single-blind, sham-controlled design. Methods Fifty-four OCD patients were randomized to receive active or sham cTBS treatment over the bilateral SMA for 4 weeks (five sessions per week, 20 sessions in total). Patients were assessed at baseline (week 0), the end of treatment (week 4), and follow-up (week 8). Clinical scales included the YBOCS, HAMD24, HAMA14, and OBQ44. Three behavioral tests were also conducted to explore the effect of cTBS on response inhibition and decision-making in OCD patients. Results The treatment response rates were not significantly different between the two groups at week 4 (active: 23.1% vs. sham: 16.7%, p = 0.571) and week 8 (active: 26.9% vs. sham: 16.7%, p = 0.382). Depression and anxiety improvements were significantly different between the two groups at week 4 (HAMD24: F = 4.644, p = 0.037; HAMA14: F = 5.219, p = 0.028). There was no significant difference between the two groups in the performance of three behavioral tests. The treatment satisfaction and dropout rates were not significantly different between the two groups. Conclusions The treatment of cTBS over the bilateral SMA was safe and tolerable, and it could significantly improve the depression and anxiety of OCD patients but was not enough to improve OCD symptoms in this study.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with cognitive behavioral therapy treatment in alcohol-dependent patients: A randomized, double-blind sham-controlled multicenter clinical trial$$$ Background: Alcohol dependence (AD) is a complex addictive disorder with a high relapse rate. Previous studies have shown that both repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) may be effective for AD, and we aim to explore more effective treatment options to reduce relapse rates for AD. Materials and methods: A total of 263 AD patients were recruited. They were divided into six groups according to the location and the type of rTMS: left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), right DLPFC, sham stimulation, and whether they received CBT treatment: with a fixed schedule (C1) and without a fixed plan (C0). There were included in sham rTMS + C0 group (n = 50), sham rTMS + C1 group (n = 37), right rTMS + C0 group (n = 45), right rTMS + C1 group (n = 42), left rTMS + C0 group (n = 49), left rTMS + C1 group (n = 40). We used obsessive compulsive drinking scale (OCDS), visual analogue scale (VAS), alcohol dependence scale (ADS), montreal cognitive assessment (MoCA), generalized anxiety disorder-7 (GAD-7), patient health questionnaire-9 items (PHQ-9), and Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI) to assess alcohol cravings, alcohol dependence, cognition, anxiety, depression, and sleep quality. They were followed up and evaluated for relapse. Results: The sham rTMS + C0 group relapse rate was significantly higher than the right rTMS + C1 group (P = 0.006), the left rTMS + C0 group (P = 0.031), the left rTMS + C1 group (P = 0.043). The right rTMS + C0 group showed significantly higher relapse rate compared to the right rTMS + C1 group (P = 0.046). There was no significant difference in relapse rates between other groups. The repeated-measures ANOVA showed an interaction effect between group and time was significant in the rate of patient health questionnaire-9 items (PHQ-9) scale reduction (P = 0.020). Logistic analysis indicated that smoking and alcohol consumption were independent determinants of relapse (P < 0.05). At 24 weeks of follow-up, Kaplan–Meier survival analysis reveal that there is statistically significant relapse rate between six groups (P = 0.025), left rTMS + C1 group has the best treatment effect for alcohol dependent patients. Cox regression analysis confirmed that current smoking, total cholesterol, and total bilirubin (TBIL) level were risk factors of relapse (P < 0.05). Conclusion: This study is the first to suggest that the combination of rTMS and CBT may be a potentially effective treatment for reducing relapse.
Treatments for objective and subjective cognitive functioning in young people with depression: Systematic review of current evidence$$$ Aim: Cognitive deficits are recognized features of depressive disorders in youth aged 12–25. These deficits are distressing, predict functional impairment and limit the effectiveness of psychological therapies. Cognitive enhancement using behavioural, biochemical or physical treatments may be useful in young people with depression, but studies have not been synthesized. The aim was to systematically review the evidence for treatments for objective and subjective cognitive functioning, and their acceptability and functional outcomes in people aged 12–25 with depression. Method: Three electronic databases were searched for articles using pre-specified criteria. Pharmacological treatments were not eligible. Risk of bias was rated using the Cochrane Collaboration's revised risk-of-bias tool. Dual full-text article screening, data extraction and quality ratings were completed. Results: Twelve studies were included for review (median participant age: 20.39 years), five of which were randomized-controlled trials (RCTs). Sample sizes were generally small (median = 23; range: 9–46). Eight studies investigated behavioural treatments including aerobic exercise, cognitive training and education or strategy-based methods. Four studies examined repetitive transcranial magnetic brain stimulation (rTMS). Most behavioural treatments revealed preliminary evidence of improved cognitive function in youth depression. Consent rates were greatest for exercise- and education-based approaches, which may indicate higher acceptability levels. Findings from rTMS trials were mixed, with only half showing cognitive improvement. Functional outcomes were reported by three behavioural treatment trials and one rTMS trial, with functional improvement reported only in the former. Some concern of risk of bias was found in each RCT. Conclusion: Behavioural treatments, such as exercise, cognitive training and education/strategy-focused techniques, show encouraging results and appear to be acceptable methods of addressing cognitive deficits in youth depression based on participation rates. Brain stimulation and biochemical treatments (e.g., nutrient-based treatment) require further investigation.
The Role of Telemedicine in the Management of the Behavioral and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia: A Systematic Review$$$ The first-line management of behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia (BPSD) is based on nonpharmacologic interventions such as the provision of guidance and medical support to caregivers. However, accessibility to specialized care and medical resources is often scarce. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has compromised the delivery of outpatient care (notably in order to minimize the risk of disease transmission), thus making it essential to provide other means of accessing care for these patient populations. The use of telemedicine (TM) may be a means of increasing access to specialist care for patients with disabilities and poor access to health services, such as those with BPSD. The aim of this study is to provide a review of the literature on the use of TM for treatment and follow-up of patients with BPSD and their caregivers. We searched the PUBMED, EMBASE and CINAHL for articles published between January 1st, 2000, and December 31st, 2020, on the applicability of TM support for people with BPSD and their caregivers. We included open-label studies, qualitative studies, and randomized controlled trials. We did not include studies on the use of TM during the COVID-19 pandemic. A total of 22 publications were included and reviewed. TM was found to 1) be acceptable and feasible for both patients and caregivers, 2) decrease the frequency and intensity of BPSD, and 3) improve the caregiver's perceived wellbeing and mental health. Videoconferencing was effective for patient-centered interventions in nursing homes. Telephone-based interventions were more relevant when they were targeted at caregivers. The published studies are lacking in scope and high-quality studies are now needed to confirm these findings and assess TM's cost-effectiveness and ability to improve the management of patients with BPSD. In view of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, remote solutions for assessing and monitoring individuals with BPSD are urgently needed - particularly those living in rural areas and so-called “medical deserts.”
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of adolescent depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of aggregated and individual-patient data from uncontrolled studies$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive treatment for adolescent major depressive disorder (MDD). Existing evidence on the efficacy of TMS in adolescent MDD awaits quantitative synthesis. A systematic literature search was conducted, and data from eligible studies were synthesized using random-effects models. Treatment-covariate interactions were examined in exploratory analyses of individual-patient data (IPD). Systematic search of the literature yielded 1264 hits, of which 10 individual studies (2 randomized trials) were included for quantitative synthesis of mainly uncontrolled studies. Individual patient data (IPD) were available from five trials (all uncontrolled studies). Quantitative synthesis of aggregated data revealed a statistically significant negative overall standardized mean change (pooled SMCC = 2.04, 95% CI [1.46; 2.61], SE = 0.29, p <.001), as well as a significant overall treatment response rate (Transformed Proportion = 41.30%, 95% CI [31.03; 51.57], SE = 0.05; p < 0.001), considering data from baseline to post-treatment. Exploratory IPD analyses suggests TMS might be more effective in younger individuals and individuals with more severe depression, and efficacy might be enhanced with certain treatment modality settings, including higher number of TMS sessions, longer treatment durations, and unilateral and not bilateral stimulation. Existing studies exhibit methodological shortcomings, including small-study effects and lack of control group, blinding, and randomization—compromising the credibility of the present results. To date, two randomized controlled trials on TMS in adolescent depression have been published, and the only large-scale randomized trial suggests TMS is not more effective than sham stimulation. Future large-scale, randomized, and sham-controlled trials are warranted. Future trials should ensure appropriate selection of patients for TMS treatment and guide precision medicine approaches for stimulation protocols.
Computational approaches to treatment response prediction in major depression using brain activity and behavioral data: A systematic review$$$ Major depressive disorder is a heterogeneous diagnostic category with multiple available treatments. With the goal of optimizing treatment selection, researchers are developing computational models that attempt to predict treatment response based on various pretreatment measures. In this paper, we review studies that use brain activity data to predict treatment response. Our aim is to highlight and clarify important methodological differences between various studies that relate to the incorporation of domain knowledge, specifically within two approaches delineated as data-driven and theory-driven. We argue that theory-driven generative modeling, which explicitly models information processing in the brain and thus can capture disease mechanisms, is a promising emerging approach that is only beginning to be utilized in treatment response prediction. The predictors extracted via such models could improve interpretability, which is critical for clinical decision-making. We also identify several methodological limitations across the reviewed studies and provide suggestions for addressing them. Namely, we consider problems with dichotomizing treatment outcomes, the importance of investigating more than one treatment in a given study for differential treatment response predictions, the need for a patient-centered approach for defining treatment outcomes, and finally, the use of internal and external validation methods for improving model generalizability.
Comparative efficacy of sedation or analgesia methods for reduction of anterior shoulder dislocation: A systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Background: We performed a network meta-analysis (NMA) to compare the efficacy and safety of intravenous sedation (IVS), intraarticular anesthetic injection (IAA), and peripheral nerve block (PNB) as sedation or analgesia methods for the reduction of anterior shoulder dislocation. Methods: We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing different sedation or analgesia methods for anterior shoulder dislocation reduction. The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, MEDLINE, EMBASE, ICTRP, ClinicalTrials.gov, and Google Scholar databases were searched in October 2021. We conducted a random-effects NMA within a frequentist framework. We evaluated the confidence in each outcome using the CINeMA tool. Results: Sixteen RCTs (957 patients) were included. Regarding the primary outcomes, the three methods might result in little to no difference in the immediate success rate of reduction and patient satisfaction. The IAA method had a shorter emergency department length of stay than that of the IVS method (mean difference [MD] −107.88 min, 95% confidence interval [CI] −202.58 to −13.18). In the secondary outcomes, the IAA method had a lower pain score than that of the PNB method (standardized MD −1.83, 95% CI −3.64 to −0.02). The IAA and PNB methods might require a longer time for reduction than that of the IVS method (MD 5.3 min, 95% CI 2.4 to 10.36; MD 15.25, 95% CI 5.49 to 25.01). The three methods might result in little to no difference in the number of reduction attempts and total success rate of reduction. However, the confidence ratings for all treatment comparisons were very low. IAA and PNB had no adverse respiratory events. Conclusions: The results of our NMA indicated that three sedation or analgesia methods (IVS, IAA, and PNB) might result in little to no difference in the success rate of reduction and patient satisfaction. IAA and PNB had no adverse respiratory events.
Can noninvasive Brain Stimulation Improve Pain and Depressive Symptoms in Patients With Neuropathic Pain? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Context: Noninvasive brain stimulations (NIBS) have been increasingly applied to the patients with neuropathic pain (NP), while the effectiveness of NIBS in the management of NP is still conflicting. Objectives: To examine the effectiveness of NIBS on pain and depression symptoms of patients with NP. Methods: A comprehensive literature retrieval was performed on MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, PEDro, and CENTRAL from the establishment of the databases to June 2021. Randomized controlled trials comparing NIBS with sham stimulation were included. Results: A total of thirteen trials comprising 498 participants met the inclusion criteria. The pooled analysis found a significant effect on the improvement of pain scores at post-treatment, favoring NIBS over sham stimulation (SMD = -0.60; 95% CI: -1.00 to -0.20; P = 0.004). Subgroup analysis showed that only transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) (SMD = -0.38; 95% CI: -0.71 to -0.04; P = 0.030) and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (H-rTMS) (SMD = -0.95; 95% CI: -1.85 to -0.04; P = 0.040) had positive effects on pain reduction among all types of NIBS. The favorable effects of NIBS remained significant at follow-up visit (SMD = -0.51; 95% CI: -0.79 to -0.23; P = 0.000), while only H-rTMS was found in subgroup analyses to significantly improve pain scales of the patients (SMD = -0.54; 95% CI: -0.85 to -0.24; P = 0.000). Additionally, overall NIBS showed no beneficial effect over sham stimulation in reducing depression symptoms of NP patients either at post-treatment (SMD = -0.19; 95% CI: -0.39 to 0.01; P = 0.061) or at follow-up visit (SMD = -0.18; 95% CI: -0.45 to 0.10; P = 0.202). Conclusion: This meta-analysis revealed the analgesic effect of NIBS on patients with NP, while no beneficial effect was observed on reducing concomitant depression symptoms. The findings recommended the clinical application of NIBS in patients with NP.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive form of brain stimulation that positively regulates the motor and non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD). Although, most reviews and meta-analysis have shown that rTMS intervention is effective in treating motor symptoms and depression, very few have used randomised controlled trials (RCTs) to analyse the efficacy of this intervention in PD. We aimed to review RCTs of rTMS in patients with PD to assess the efficacy of rTMS on motor and non-motor function in patients with PD. Methods: In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we searched PubMed, MEDLINE and Web of Science databases for RCTs on rTMS in PD published between January 1, 1988 to January 1, 2022. Eligible studies included sham-controlled RCTs that used rTMS stimulation for motor or non-motor symptoms in PD. RCTs not focusing on the efficacy of rTMS in PD were excluded. Summary data were extracting from those RCTs by two investigators independently. We then calculated standardised mean difference with random-effect models. The main outcome included motor and non-motor examination of scales that were used in PD motor or non-motor assessment. This study was registered with PROSPERO, CRD42022329633. Findings: Fourteen studies with 469 patients met the criteria for our meta-analysis. Twelve eligible studies with 381 patients were pooled to analyse the efficacy of rTMS on motor function improvement. The effect size on motor scale scores was 0.51 (P < 0.0001) and were not distinctly heterogeneous (I2 = 29%). Five eligible studies with 202 patients were collected to evaluate antidepressant-like effects. The effect size on depression scale scores was 0.42 (P = 0.004), and were not distinctly heterogeneous (I2 = 25%), indicating a significant anti-depressive effect (P = 0.004). The results suggest that high-frequency of rTMS on primary motor cortex (M1) is effective in improving motor symptoms; while the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) may be a potentially effective area in alleviating depressive symptom. Interpretation: The findings suggest that rTMS could be used as a possible adjuvant therapy for PD mainly to improve motor symptoms, but could have potential efficacy on depressive symptoms of PD. However, further investigation is needed. Funding: The National Natural Science Foundation of China (NO: 81873777, 82071414), Initiated Foundation of Zhujiang Hospital (NO: 02020318005), Scientific Research Foundation of Guangzhou (NO: 202206010005), and Science and Technology Program of Guangdong of China (NO: 2020A0505100037).
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation for post-stroke depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: The aim of this investigation was to evaluate the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on post-stroke depression (PSD). Methods: Databases were searched through February 2021. Randomized Controlled Trial(RCT) investigating the efficacy of tDCS in PSD using a standardized depression scale as outcome measure was included. The Cochrane Manual of Systematic Evaluation 5.1.0 bias risk assessment tool was used to assess the risk of bias. Effect sizes were calculated from extracted data and combined for an overall summary statistic. Results: Eight studies involving 412 patients were included. These trials revealed a significant pooled effect size (standardized mean differences(SMD) = 1.61, 95% confidence interval(CI) 1.02–2.19, P < 0.00001). For the subgroup analyses, neither comparisons of high- vs low-intensity or left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex vs primary motor cortex revealed a significant result. tDCS had no obvious effect on the anxiety state in patients with PSD(SMD = 1.09, 95% CI, −0.22 to 2.40, P = 0.10), while it resulted in improved ability of daily life(ADL) in these patients(SMD = 0.82, 95% CI, 0.16–1.48, P = 0.01) Conclusions: tDCS has an effect on improvement in PSD, while it is still not clear which stimulus program is best. Significance: Further trials with larger sample sizes are needed to determine the best and most effective tDCS regimen and to realize potential clinical applications.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (r-TMS) and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor-resistance in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A meta-analysis and clinical implications$$$ Introduction: Despite promising results from several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and meta-analyses, the efficacy of r-TMS as a treatment for OCD remains controversial, at least in part owing to inconsistency in the trial methodologies and heterogeneity in the trial outcomes. This meta-analysis attempts to explain some of this heterogeneity by comparing the efficacy of r-TMS in patients with or without resistance to treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), defined using standardized criteria. Methods: We conducted a pre-registered (PROSPERO ID: 241381) systematic review and meta-analysis. English language articles reporting blinded RCTs were retrieved from searches using MEDLINE, PsycINFO, and Cochrane Library databases. Studies were subjected to subgroup analysis based on four stages of treatment resistance, defined using an adaptation of published criteria (1 = not treatment resistant, 2 = one SSRI trial failed, 3 = two SSRI trials failed, 4 = two SSRI trials failed plus one or more CBT trial failed). Meta-regression analyses investigated patient and methodological factors (age, duration of OCD, illness severity, stage of treatment-resistance, or researcher allegiance) as possible moderators of effect size. Results: Twenty-five independent comparisons (23 studies) were included. Overall, r-TMS showed a medium-sized reduction of Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) scores (Hedge's g: -0.47; 95%CI: - 0.67 to −0.27) with moderate heterogeneity (I2 = 39.8%). Assessment of publication bias using Trim and Fill analysis suggested a reduced effect size that remained significant (g: -0.29; 95%CI: −0.51 to −0.07). Subgroup analysis found that those studies including patients non-resistant to SSRI (stage 1) (g: -0.65; 95%CI: −1.05 to −0.25, k = 7) or with low SSRI-resistance (stage 2) (g:-0.47; 95%CI: −0.86 to −0.09, k = 6) produced statistically significant results with low heterogeneity, while studies including more highly resistant patients at stage 3 (g: −0.39; 95%CI: −0.90 to 0.11, k = 4) and stage 4 (g: -0.36; 95%CI: −0.75 to 0.03, k = 8) did not. Intriguingly, the only significant moderator of the effect size found by meta-regression was the severity of baseline depressive symptoms. All trials showed evidence of researcher allegiance in favour of the intervention and therefore caution is required in interpreting the reported effect sizes. Conclusion: This meta-analysis shows that r-TMS is an effective treatment for OCD, but largely for those not resistant to SSRI or failing to respond to only one SSRI trial. As a consequence, r-TMS may be best implemented earlier in the care pathway. These findings would have major implications for clinical service development, but further well-powered RCTs, which eliminate bias from researcher allegiance, are needed before definitive conclusions can be drawn.
Comparative study of low-dose ketamine infusion and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression: A posthoc pooled analysis of two randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies$$$ Background: This posthoc analysis compared the antidepressant and antisuicidal effects of low-dose ketamine infusion with those of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Methods: In the ketamine infusion trial, 48 patients with TRD were randomized to receive a single infusion of 0.5 mg/kg ketamine or normal saline. In the rTMS trial, 105 patients were randomly assigned to intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), 10-Hz rTMS, or sham stimulation. The 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HDRS) was administered. Results: The antidepressant effect was prominent at Day 7 postinfusion in the ketamine group but steadily accumulated with the treatment duration from Day 7 to 14 in the iTBS and 10-Hz rTMS groups, regardless of the level of treatment resistance (all p <.01). Low-dose ketamine infusion and iTBS exerted superior effects on suicidal symptoms (HDRS item 3) than the other three groups (p <.001). The antidepressant effect of iTBS/10-Hz rTMS may persist for up to 3 months; however, the antidepressant effect of a single low-dose ketamine infusion did not persist over a month. Discussion: Both low-dose ketamine infusion and rTMS/TBS must be included in TRD treatment but may be applied in different clinical situations.
A pilot study of accelerated deep transcranial magnetic stimulation effects on cognitive functioning in patients diagnosed with treatment resistant major depressive disorder$$$ The purpose of this study was to assess cognitive functioning in patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder (MDD) treated with two different accelerated deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) modalities as an add-on to stable pharmacotherapy.A total of 32 adult psychiatric inpatients diagnosed with treatment resistant MDD were allocated by stratified randomization into two groups: a group treated with dTMS twice a day during 2 weeks, and a group treated with dTMS twice a day during 3 weeks. Clinical psychologists assessed participants´ cognitive functions (memory, visuospatial functioning, executive functions, psychomotor speed, verbal fluency) via a battery of instruments, after the inclusion, and by the end of treatment.Our findings showed mild to moderate improvements in the majority of administered tests measuring different cognitive functions, meaning that patients achieved significantly better results by the end of the treatment compared to baseline, regardless of the duration of the treatment (2 or 3 weeks). No adverse effects on cognition were observed. The results seem promising in the context of treating the cognitive symptoms associated with functional recovery of patients suffering from depression.
The Transcranial Light Therapy Improves Synaptic Plasticity in the Alzheimer’s Disease Mouse Model$$$ Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is the main cause of dementia worldwide. Emerging non-invasive treatments such as photobiomodulation target the mitochondria to minimize brain damage, improving cognitive functions. In this work, an experimental design was carried out to evaluate the effect of transcranial light therapy (TLTC) on synaptic plasticity (SP) and cognitive functions in an AD animal model. Twenty-three mice were separated into two general groups: an APP/PS1 (ALZ) transgenic group and a wild-type (WT) group. Each group was randomly subdivided into two subgroups: mice with and without TLTC, depending on whether they would undergo treatment with TLTC. Cognitive function, measured through an object recognition task, showed non-significant improvement after TLTC. SP, on the other hand, was evaluated using four electrophysiological parameters from the Schaffer-CA1 collateral hippocampal synapses: excitatory field potentials (fEPSP), paired pulse facilitation (PPF), long-term depression (LTD), and long-term potentiation (LTP). An improvement was observed in subjects treated with TLTC, showing higher levels of LTP than those transgenic mice that were not exposed to the treatment. Therefore, the results obtained in this work showed that TLTC could be an efficient non-invasive treatment for AD-associated SP deficits.
Update on Non-Pharmacological Interventions for Treatment of Post-Traumatic Headache$$$ Post-traumatic headache (PTH) is the most common sequelae of traumatic brain injury (TBI). Its phenotypic variability, absence of formal evidence-based guidelines for treatment and underdiagnosis have made its management a challenge for clinicians. As a result, treatment of PTH has been mostly empiric. Although analgesics are the most popular drug of choice for PTH, they can present with several adverse effects and fail to address other psychosocial comorbidities associated with TBI. Non-pharmacological interventions thereby offer an intriguing alternative that can provide patients with PTH sustainable and effective care. This review article aims to: (1) provide an update on and describe different non-pharmacological interventions present in the recent literature; (2) provide clinical guidance to providers struggling with the management of patients with PTH; (3) emphasize the need for more high-quality trials examining the effectiveness of non-pharmacological treatments in patients with PTH. This review discusses 21 unique non-pharmacological treatments used for the management of PTH. Current knowledge of non-pharmacological interventions for the treatment of PTH is based on smaller scale studies, highlighting the need for larger randomized controlled trials to help establish formal evidence-based guidelines.
A pilot randomized clinical trial of tDCS for increasing exercise engagement in individuals with elevated depressive symptoms: Rationale, design, and baseline characteristics$$$ Regular exercise protects against overweight/obesity as well as numerous chronic diseases. Yet, less than half of Americans exercise sufficiently. Elevated levels of depressive symptoms have been identified as an important correlate of physical inactivity as well as poor adherence to exercise programs. Individuals with depression are less sensitive to rewards and demonstrate an attentional bias toward negative stimuli. These, and other features of depression, may place them at increased risk for effectively managing the affective experience of exercise. Lower baseline levels of activation of the left (vs right) frontal cortex, an area implicated in affect regulation, have also been found in depression, potentially pointing to this region as a potential target for intervening on affect regulation during exercise. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown promise in impacting a variety of cognitive and affective processes in a large number of individuals, including people with depression. Some findings have suggested that tDCS targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), specifically, may improve emotion regulation. Transcranial direct current stimulation could theoretically be a novel and potentially promising approach to improving the affective experience of exercise, thereby increasing exercise adherence among individuals with depressive symptoms. Here we present the rationale, design, and baseline characteristics of a pilot randomized controlled trial of tDCS versus sham delivered 3x/week for 8 weeks in the context of supervised aerobic exercise (AE) program among 51 low-active individuals with elevated depressive symptoms (86.3% female; mean age = 49.5). Follow-up assessments were conducted at end of treatment, and three and six months after enrollment to examine changes in levels of objectively-measured moderate-to-vigorous physical activity (MVPA). If effective, this approach could have high public health impact on preventing obesity and chronic diseases among these at-risk individuals.
The association between sample and treatment characteristics and the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: A meta-analysis and meta-regression of sham-controlled trials$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a form of non-invasive neuromodulation that is increasingly used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD). However, treatment with rTMS could be optimized by identifying optimal treatment parameters or characteristics of patients that are most likely to benefit. This meta-analysis and meta-regression aims to identify sample and treatment characteristics that are associated with change in depressive symptom level, treatment response and remission. Methods: The databases PubMed, Embase, Web of Science and Cochrane library were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting on the therapeutic efficacy of high-frequent, low-frequent, or bilateral rTMS for MDD compared to sham. Study and sample characteristics as well as rTMS parameters and outcome variables were extracted. Effect sizes were calculated for change in depression score and risk ratios for response and remission. Results: Sixty-five RCTs with a total of 2982 subjects were included in this meta-analysis. Active rTMS resulted in a larger depressive symptom reduction than sham protocol (Hedges’ g = −0.791 95% CI −0.977; −0.605). Risk ratios for response and remission were 2.378 (95% CI 1.882; 3.005) and 2.450 (95% CI 1.779; 3.375), respectively. We found no significant association between sample and treatment parameters and rTMS efficacy. Conclusions: rTMS is an efficacious treatment for MDD. No associations between sample or treatment characteristics and efficacy were found, for which we caution that publication bias, heterogeneity and lack of consistency in the definition of remission might bias these latter null findings. Our results are clinically relevant and support the use of rTMS as a non-invasive and effective treatment option for depression.
PC007 / #667 DYSTONIA TREATMENT WITH INJECTIONS SUPPLEMENTED BY TMS: THE D-TWIST STUDY: E-POSTER VIEWING$$$ Introduction: The current gold standard for the treatment of cervical dystonia is botulinum toxin (BoNT) injections administered every 12 weeks.1,2,3 However, patients commonly report that BoNT benefit does not last the entire 12 weeks.2,4,5 Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) provides an option to potentiate and possibly prolong the benefits of BoNT for patients with cervical dystonia. Low-frequency rTMS targeted at the dorsal premotor cortex (dPMC) has been shown to improve arm and hand dystonia6,7,8,9, but the benefits of rTMS for cervical dystonia have not yet been studied. Combining rTMS with BoNT may extend the benefits of BoNT and also address non-motor symptoms. Materials / Methods: This is a double-blind, sham-controlled, crossover study for adult patients with cervical dystonia who report BoNT benefit lasting ≤ 9 weeks. At 9 weeks following BoNT, patients are randomized to active or sham protocol: 1-Hz rTMS over the dPMC for 30 minutes (1800 pulses) at 90% resting motor threshold. Patients undergo 4 sessions per day for 4 consecutive days for a total of 16 sessions. The sham protocol is identical to the active protocol except a sham coil is used. Primary outcome is motor symptoms as measured by the Toronto Western Spasmodic Torticollis Rating Scale (TWSTRS) and secondary outcomes include mood (Beck Depression Inventory; BDI), cognition (Wisconsin Card Sorting Task; WCST and Trail Making Test; TMT), gait (measured with Zeno walkway system), and physiological measures (high density electroencephalography; HD-EEG, motor evoked potential: MEP, cortical silent period: CSP, and short interval cortical inhibition: SICI). Outcome measures are collected at three time-points: baseline, after rTMS, and 2 weeks following rTMS. Patients then receive the next round of BoNT and crossover to the active or sham arm they have not already undergone. Results: Status: actively recruiting, N=10. Discussion: Synergism between rTMS and BoNT can potentially be leveraged to provide a “bridge” support for dystonia patients experiencing suboptimal benefits with BoNT therapy. In addition, the study design is innovative for several reasons. First, the accelerated rTMS protocol enables multiple weeks of sessions to be condensed into a few consecutive days, which helps improve feasibility. Second, both motor and non-motor symptoms are assessed to determine if rTMS may provide additional non-motor benefits in this population. Finally, physiological outcomes will be assessed to correlate with the clinical changes. Conclusions: We hypothesize that there will be a significant improvement in dystonia scores following active as opposed to sham stimulation, with corresponding improvement in mood, cognition, gait, and physiologic measures. Acknowledgements: The support of the Dystonia Medical Research Foundation (DMRF) for this project is gratefully acknowledged. Learning Objectives: 1. To determine the clinical effects of rTMS combined with BoNT in cervical dystonia 2. To determine the physiological effects of rTMS combined with BoNT in cervical dystonia 3. To evaluate the safety and feasibility of this accelerated rTMS protocol. Keywords: transcranial magnetic stimulation, cervical dystonia, rTMS, botulinum toxin, accelerated rTMS
PC025 / #878 DEFAULT MODE NETWORK CONNECTIVITY AND BRAIN DERIVED NEUROTROPHIC FACTOR IN BRAIN STIMULATION OF TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY PATIENTS: TRACK 2: BRAIN STIMULATION$$$ Introduction: Brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is the best-known predictor of patient response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment for depression. BDNF is a protein encoded by the BDNF gene that plays a significant role in the growth and maintenance of neurons. RTMS is also used as a treatment for traumatic brain injury (TBI), but biological markers underlying treatment response for TBI have not been clearly identified. Here we examine the relationship between levels of BDNF and default mode network (DMN) connectivity in a double-blind randomized clinical trial using rTMS for Veterans with TBI. Materials / Methods: Twenty-four Veterans (21 male; mean age: 44 yrs.) with TBI were enrolled in treatment (n = 11) or sham (n = 10) at VA Palo Alto. FDA approved parameters for depression were used (10 Hz stimulation at left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex). Blood samples and MRI scans were collected at baseline and post treatment (T20). Results: Treatment did not significantly affect BDNF levels (Active: -0.31±3.02; Sham: 0.25±3.10) or DMN connectivity (Active: -0.35±2.15; Sham: -1.64±1.46; p>0.1). BDNF change was significantly correlated with DMN connectivity (p<.0211). At T20 DMN was the outcome, there were no significant effects of treatment on BDNF levels, baseline DMN or treatment/sham (p> 0.1). There was an overall effect of age on post T20 DMN (p=.0496). Discussion: Results show a correlation between BDNF change and DMN connectivity with higher BDNF levels associated with lower DMN connectivity – this relationship being an indicator of improved brain function. This association is not driven by rTMS treatment. Conclusions: Although the sample size is small, biomarker targets for rTMS treatment in TBI are important to study as these patients suffer from numerous psychiatric problems. Acknowledgements: This research was supported by grant to Dr. Maheen Adamson by VA Rehab Services. Learning Objectives: 1. Learn about the relationship between BDNF and rTMS treatment. 2. Learn about rTMS as a potential treatment for TBI. 3. Learn about DMN connectivity and BDNF. Keyword: TBI TMS BDNF neuromodulation fMRI Veterans
PC019 / #941 STOP-TIC STUDY: STRENGTHENING TOURETTE TREATMENT OPTIONS USING TMS TO IMPROVE CBIT: E-POSTER VIEWING$$$ Introduction: Up to 20% of patients with Tourette Syndrome (TS) have persistent tics during adulthood, leading to impaired quality of life.1 Comprehensive behavioral intervention for tics (CBIT) is a helpful treatment for some, but may only reduce tics by 40%.2,3 Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may augment the effects of CBIT. Prior studies have demonstrated that rTMS targeted to the supplementary motor area (SMA) leads to tic reduction4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11, but combining rTMS with CBIT has not yet been studied. Materials / Methods: This is an open-label study assessing accelerated rTMS plus CBIT in adult patients with TS. The neuromodulation protocol consists of 1-Hz rTMS over the SMA at 110% resting motor threshold (RMT). Each session consists of 6 trains lasting 5 minutes each (300 pulses per train) with a 1-minute intertrain interval. Patients receive 4 sessions each day for 4 consecutive days for a total of 16 sessions. Following the rTMS protocol, patients undergo 10 weeks of tele-CBIT. Primary outcome is tic severity measured with the Yale Global Tic Severity Scale (YGTSS) and modified Rush Videotape Tic Rating Scale (mRVTRS). Secondary outcomes include comorbid symptoms (Beck Depression Inventory, BDI; Beck Anxiety Inventory, BAI; Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Survey, Y-BOCS; Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale, ASRS; and Gilles de la Tourette Syndrome-Quality of Life scale, GTS-QOL) and neurophysiology outcomes (motor evoked potential, MEP; cortical silent period, CSP; short interval intracortical inhibition, SICI; high-density electroencephalography, HD-EEG; and functional magnetic resonance imaging, fMRI). Outcome measures are collected at three time points: baseline, post-rTMS, and post-CBIT. Results: Status: actively recruiting, N=20 with plan to expand to a randomized controlled trial. Discussion: The novelty of this protocol is three-fold. First, using rTMS in conjunction with CBIT is an innovative treatment approach that may benefit patients with TS even further than either treatment alone. Second, the accelerated rTMS protocol condenses multiple weeks of treatments into a few consecutive days and the tele-CBIT option allows patients to attend weekly CBIT sessions remotely as opposed to in-person, improving feasibility and retention. Finally, the outcome measures investigate both clinical and corresponding physiological changes, which may help provide insight in the underlying pathophysiology. Conclusions: We hypothesize that rTMS + CBIT will result in reduction of tic severity and frequency as measured by the YGTSS and mRVTRS. Additionally, we hypothesize that rTMS + CBIT will result in improvement in mood and quality of life scores and the physiological effects as measured by TMS, HD-EEG, and fMRI will reflect the corresponding clinical changes. Learning Objectives: 1. To determine the clinical effects of rTMS plus CBIT on tic severity and frequency as well as comorbid symptoms 2. To evaluate the physiological effects of rTMS plus CBIT 3. To assess the safety and feasibility of an accelerated rTMS protocol in adults with TS. Keywords: accelerated rTMS, comprehensive behavioral intervention for tics, CBIT, Tourette Syndrome, tics, rTMS
PC027 / #1035 EFFICIENCY OF HOME-BASED TRANSCRANIAL DIRECT CURRENT STIMULATION (TDCS) ON DYSFUNCTIONAL EATING BEHAVIOR IN WOMEN WITH FIBROMYALGIA: TRACK 2: BRAIN STIMULATION$$$ Introduction: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a syndrome characterized by widespread musculoskeletal pain, non-restorative sleep, fatigue, cognitive changes, and depressive and anxiety symptoms. There is a high prevalence of overweight in these patients, around 80%. Studies demonstrate common pathophysiological pathways between FM and obesity, such as dysfunctional eating behavior and altered dopaminergic neurotransmission. In this context, the contribution of non-pharmacological interventions, in order to rebalance the dopaminergic system, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), are important. Despite evidence showing that stimulation of the primary motor cortex (M1) is more effective for pain management, in terms of dysfunctional eating behavior the stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is promising due to its ability to control and regulate emotions provided by this cortical region. Our objective is to evaluate the effect of tDCS on the dysfunctional eating behavior in fibromyalgia patients. Materials / Methods: Randomized clinical trial 2:1, double blind, sham-controlled treatment. Sixty women, aged between 30 and 65 years, with FM were included, divided into 4 target groups: M1 (anode on left M1 and cathode on the right supra-orbital region) and DLPFC (anode on the left DLPFC and cathode on the right DLPFC), active or sham. A home-based tDCS was applied in 20 minute sessions (2mA current). The main outcome is the Three Factor Eating Questionnaire subscales: cognitive restraint (CR), uncontrolled eating (UE), and emotional eating (EE). Results: The mean BMI of the sample was 29.29 kg/m2. Through the coefficient of variation of the TFEQ R-21 subscales, no significant difference was found in DLPFC, but in M1 a difference was found in relation to sham M1 in the CR (p=0.02) and UE (p=0.019) subscales, which increased by 14% and 11% respectively. Discussion: All the results are described and discussed in the space "results". Conclusions: These results suggest that tDCS active in M1 improved aspects of dysfunctional eating behavior, such as cognitive restriction and lack of eating control. Acknowledgements: The present research was supported by the following Brazilian funding agencies: (i) Committee for the Development of Higher Education Personnel—CAPES PNPD (grant to C.S. with Postdoctoral scholarship, Grant #2018; CFSA, L.R.). (ii) National Council for Scientific and Technological Development - CNPq (grant to W.C.). (iii) Foundation for the Support of Research at Rio Grande do Sul (FAPERGS) Ministry of Science and Technology. National Council for Scientific and Technological Development - (CNPq)/ Health Secretary of state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil (SEARS) n. 03/2017 (PPSUS) (number: 17/2551-0001). (iv) Postgraduate Research Group at the Hospital de Clínicas de Porto Alegre. Learning Objectives: 1) To learn different ways in which neuromodulation can be beneficial to the population. 2) To learn new therapeutic methods to help fibromyalgia patients. 3) To study more about clinical trials. Keywords: Fibromyalgia, tDCS, Eating Behavior, Home-Based tDCs
PO078 / #1040 EFFICACY OF REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR PATIENTS WITH POST STROKE DEPRESSION$$$ A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW OF PUBLISHED RANDOMIZED CONTROLLED TRIALS: E-POSTER VIEWING; Introduction: Half of all stroke patients suffer from depression, which negatively affects functional recovery. Post-stroke depressive symptoms necessitate more effective management strategies to improve functional outcomes. In this systematic review, we aimed to synthesize evidence from published clinical trials on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for patients with post-stroke depression. Materials / Methods: We followed the PRISMA statement guidelines during the preparation of this systematic review. A computer literature search of PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials was conducted from inception until November 2021. We selected randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared rTMS with no rTMS in patients with post-stroke depression. Data of Hamilton depression scale (HAMD) score, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and depression remission rate were extracted and reviewed as primary outcome measures. Data of Barthel index (BI) score and National Institute of Health and Stroke Scale (NIHSS) score were extracted and reviewed as secondary outcome measures. Results: Our systematic review included ten RCTs with 593 patients. For the depressive status, eight studies reported a greater significant improvement in HAMD score for rTMS group compared to the control group, while one study didn’t find a significant difference in the score between the two groups. In two studies used BDI score for assessing depressive status, rTMS group experienced greater improvement in the score than the control group. For depression remission rates, three out of three studies found higher remission rates in rTMS group. For stroke recovery, NIHSS was assessed in three studies, and they reported lower scores in rTMS group. For measuring performance in activities of daily living, two studies assessed BI score and they detected significantly higher scores in rTMS group. Discussion: This systematic review provides class I evidence on the efficacy of rTMS in patients with post-stroke depression. According to the results, Results of this systematic review support application of TMS in management of post-stroke depression as it shows effectiveness in improving depressive status, accelerating stroke recovery, and improving performance in activities of daily living. Conclusions: Current evidence supports the efficacy of rTMS for patients with post stroke depression; however, we recommend further well-designed RCTs with larger sample size to confirm these outcomes. Learning Objectives: (1) Eight studies reported a greater significant improvement in HAMD score for rTMS group compared to the control group, while one study didn’t find a significant difference in the score between the two groups (2) In two studies used BDI score for assessing depressive status, rTMS group experienced greater improvement in the score than the control group (3) For depression remission rates, three out of three studies found higher remission rates in rTMS group. (4) For stroke recovery, NIHSS was assessed in three studies, and they reported lower scores in rTMS group. (5) For measuring performance in activities of daily living, two studies assessed BI score and they detected significantly higher scores in rTMS group. Keywords: rTMS, Post Stroke Depression, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation
2.4 Use of Psychopharmacology and Neurotherapeutics in Treatment-Resistant Adolescent Depression$$$ Objectives: MDD is a serious illness affecting 1 in 5 adolescents in their lifetime. In positive pharmacologic trials of fluoxetine and escitalopram, response rates ranged from 63.6% on escitalopram to 56% on fluoxetine. Other SSRIs had similar response rates to the active agent but higher placebo response rates. This response also means that between 40% and 50% of youth do not respond to their first antidepressant. The second treatment trials discussed in this lecture include switching, augmentation, and neurotherapeutics as options in treating youth who do not respond to the initial agent. Methods: This lecture reviews the Treatment of Resistant Depression in Adolescents (TORDIA) study, augmentation with antipsychotics and ketamine infusion, and the use of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and ECT in adolescents with treatment-resistant MDD and suicidal ideation. Results: The results of the different trials and treatment options have variable outcomes. The TORDIA study revealed that switching to a second SSRI or an SNRI led to improvement of depression in 50% of adolescents and that adding CBT improved the response rates compared to medication switch alone. Augmentation with antipsychotics has not proved to be superior to placebo in combination with antidepressants in youth. In a ketamine vs midazolam infusion trial, 76% of those on ketamine responded compared to 35% on midazolam with a rapid onset of symptom relief and persistence out to 2 weeks. Another retrospective study of adolescents and young adults with ECT noted that female gender and nonsuicidal self-injury predicted poorer-outcome active TMS and sham treatment in adolescents; the study did not separate treatment from placebo. Other pilot studies of TMS were positive. Conclusions: Adolescent depression remains an important illness, with implications for long-term morbidity and mortality of youth. Having options for treatment after SSRI monotherapy does not result in remission of symptoms, which is an important part of caring for youth with depression. Findings in this lecture will inform practitioners about options for the teenagers in their practice. ADOL, DDD, TREAT
2.55 Positive Predictive Factors of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Efficacy in the Treatment of MDD in Adolescents$$$ Objectives: Since its approval for the treatment of depression in 2008, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and its clinical uses have been widely researched in the adult population. To date, there are only a few clinical trials highlighting the safety and efficacy of TMS in children and adolescents. The goal of our literature review was to understand if certain variables such as age, gender, or treatment duration can serve as positive predictive factors for the efficacy of TMS use in MDD in adolescents. Methods: We conducted a systematic literature review consisting of open-label trials or randomized controlled trials that report on TMS use in adolescents with MDD on 3 databases (Embase, PsycINFO, and PubMed) using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. Efficacy was measured by changes in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) or the Children’s Depression Rating Scale-Revised (CDRS-R) and analyzed against moderators including age, gender, race, total number of sessions, and duration of treatment (weeks). Results: Out of 1560 articles found in these databases, 7 studies met the inclusion criteria (5 open label, 2 randomized controlled trials). These studies reported on the use of TMS in adolescents with MDD (total n = 166; mean age = 16.8 [10-24] years; male = 43.7%). The mean effect size for the CDRS-R was 21.53 (p <.05) and for the HAM-D was 10.51 (p <.05). In a meta-regression analysis of the CDRS-R, statistical significance was found with the total number of sessions (r = 0.83; p =.03). A positive correlation was found with the duration of treatment, and negative correlations were found with age and the number of males; however, these results did not reach statistical significance. Conclusions: TMS has proven to be a safe and effective treatment for depression in adolescent and adult populations alike. Our results show that a higher total number of TMS sessions correlate with a greater improvement in CDRS-R scores. They also suggest that TMS may have better outcomes in females and in younger children; however, further studies are required to investigate this relationship. Overall, more studies are needed to understand the positive predictive factors of TMS efficacy in order to guide more effective treatment outcomes in the adolescent population. NM, DDD, DAM
24.4 Developing Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) as a Treatment for Mental Health and Functional Outcomes in Youth and Emerging Adults With ASD$$$ Objectives: The current presentation will discuss: 1) published findings from one of the first rigorously designed RCTs reporting on the feasibility, tolerability, and preliminary efficacy of an excitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) treatment course in youth and young adults with ASD; 2) unpublished results from the same trial showing reduction of depressive symptoms following active compared to sham rTMS; and 3) the protocol for an ongoing rTMS clinical trial to target depression in youth and emerging adults with ASD that includes pre/postneuroimaging to track mechanisms of rTMS-induced brain change. Methods: Forty individuals with ASD (16-35 years old) and clinically significant executive function (EF) deficits (without co-occurring intellectual disability) were recruited and randomized to either active rTMS or sham stimulation (n = 20/group) as part of a randomized double-blind, sham-controlled pilot study (2014-2017) of a 4-week treatment course of excitatory rTMS to bilateral DLPFC targeting EF deficits. Spatial working memory and everyday EF deficits were measured before, after, and 1 month following active/sham rTMS. Beck Depression Index-II (BDI-II) scores were available in a subset of the sample. Results: Ninety percent of participants completed the trial. Adverse effects were mild to moderate in severity across active and sham rTMS arms. Participants with lower baseline adaptive functioning showed greater improvements in their EF performance following active vs sham rTMS (F2,64 = 3.15; p =.049; Cohen’s f2 = 0.06). Adaptive functioning also moderated the effect of the treatment group on symptoms of depression (F2,18 = 3.93; p =.038). This effect was driven by reductions in symptoms of depression following active vs sham rTMS in participants with lower baseline adaptive functioning. Conclusions: An excitatory rTMS treatment course can be feasibly implemented and was well tolerated by youth and emerging adults with ASD. Only participants with more functional impairment at baseline showed both improvements in EF performance and symptoms of depression following active rTMS. Given the high rates of depression in youth with ASD and a lack of proven treatments, our current ongoing clinical trial is testing the efficacy of rTMS for the treatment of depression in youth and young adults with ASD. ASD, NM
BRAIN STIMULATION INTERVENTIONS IN ASD: EFFORTS FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF A PROMISING INTERVENTION APPROACH$$$ Objectives: Brain stimulation methods have recently been proposed as innovative interventions in neurodevelopmental disorders (NDDs). For individuals with ASD, a small number of rigorous studies on transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have been initiated. Methods: Jamil Jivraj, MD, a child and adolescent psychiatry resident at the University of Toronto, will briefly review brain stimulation studies in children and youth conducted to date, to orient panel attendees to safety, feasibility, and preliminary efficacy evidence. Hsiang-Yuan Lin, MD, an early career scientist at National Taiwan University and the University of Toronto, will present clinical trial findings using theta burst stimulation (a form of rTMS) targeting social response and cognition. Christine Freitag, MD, Chair of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at Goethe University, will present the initial results of a multicenter randomized controlled trial using tDCS in combination with computer-based cognitive training. Stephanie Ameis, MD, mid-career scientist at the University of Toronto, will then present pilot findings indicating that rTMS may have utility as a treatment for depression in youth with ASD and emerging adults. Clinical trial presentations will include the results of induced neural change patterns following brain stimulation. The panel will conclude with a discussion led by Antonio Hardan, MD, Professor of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry at Stanford University, focused on optimizing noninvasive brain stimulation treatment innovation research. Results: Although interest in brain stimulation research in ASD is building, there is considerable variability in the research with respect to the protocols used and outcomes measured, and there are no clear signals with respect to treatment efficacy, as yet. Early indication of variability of response related to participant (ie, range of cognitive, clinical, and functional) characteristics remain a challenge to detecting treatment effects. Conclusions: Recent clinical trials have used more rigorous approaches to study the efficacy of brain stimulation interventions in ASD. Although this intervention tool has great promise, there remains substantial uncertainty regarding the optimal targets and outcomes as well as how to manage variability. ASD, NM, TREAT
Altered brain spontaneous activity by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for major depressive disorder$$$ Objective This study explored the impacts of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on spontaneous brain activity in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods This study was a randomized controlled study. First-episode, drug-naïve patients with MDD (n=27) and healthy controls (n=30) were enrolled. The left dorsolateral prefrontal region was the stimulation target, and all participants received rTMS treatment for fifteen successive days. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD17) and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI) data were collected at baseline and the 15th day of the treatment. Changes in the spontaneous brain activity before and after the treatment were compared using the paired samples t-test or the independent sample t-test. The two indices of the amplitude of the low-frequency fluctuation (ALFF) and regional homogeneity(ReHo) were applied to reflect the spontaneous brain activity. Results After treatment, the score of HAMD17 (9.4±4.3) in MDD patients was significantly lower than that before the treatment (21.1±6.0), the average score decreased by (11.7±3.6), the remission rate was 40.74%, and the response rate was 74.07%. fMRI results: Before treatment, patients with MDD had significantly lower ALFF in the left superior frontal gyrus (t=-8.14,P<0.001), higher ALFF in the left middle frontal gyrus and left precuneus (t=5.79, 6.24, P<0.001), and lower ReHo in the left middle frontal and left middle occipital gyri (t=-5.17, -6.11, P<0.001) than the corresponding values observed in healthy controls; After the rTMS treatment, the ALFF significantly increased in the left superior frontal gyrus (t=7.32,P<0.001) and decreased in the left middle frontal gyrus and left precuneus (t=-4.96,-5.14,P<0.001). Furthermore, ReHo significantly increased in the left middle frontal and left middle occipital gyri (t=4.25,4.19,P<0.001) in patients with MDD. The score of HAMD17 after treatment was significantly and negatively correlated with ALFF value of left superior frontal gyrus after treatment (r=-0.390, P=0.044). Conclusion Successive 15-day rTMS treatment could efficiently and effectively alleviate individual′s depressive symptoms. The left middle frontal gyrus may play an important role in abnormal spontaneous brain activity in MDD patients; and left superior frontal gyrus function may be essential in improving depressive symptoms.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for osteoarthritis$$$ Osteoarthritis (OA) is a degenerative joint disease, the prevalence of OA is increasing, and the elderly are the most common in patients with OA. OA has a severe impact on the daily life of patients, this increases the demand for treatment of OA. In recent years, the application of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) has attracted extensive attention. It has been confirmed that NIBS plays an important role in regulating cortical excitability and oscillatory rhythm in specific brain regions. In this review, we summarized the therapeutic effects and mechanisms of different NIBS techniques in OA, clarified the potential of NIBS as a treatment choice for OA, and provided prospects for further research in the future.
Efficacy and safety of daily home-based transcranial direct current stimulation as adjunct treatment for bipolar depressive episodes: Double-blind sham-controlled randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Although transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is known to be a promising therapeutic modality for unipolar depression, the efficacy and safety of tDCS for bipolar depressive episodes (BD) are still unknown and clinical trials of home-based tDCS treatment are scarce. As a result, we set out to investigate the efficacy and safety of home-based tDCS for the treatment BD. Methods: Participants (n = 64), diagnosed as bipolar disorder as per the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders (DSM-5), were randomly assigned to receive tDCS. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) scores were measured at the baseline, week 2, 4, and 6, and home-based tDCS (for 30 min with 2 mA) was self-administered daily. Results: Of the 64 patients (15.6% bipolar disorder I, 84.4% bipolar disorder II), 41 patients completed the entire assessment. In the intention-to-treat analysis, time-group interaction for the HDRS-17 [F(3, 146.36) = 2.060; p = 0.108] and adverse effect differences between two groups were not statistically significant, except the pain score, which was higher in the active group than the sham group (week 0–2: p < 0.01, week 2–4: p < 0.05, and week 4–6: p < 0.01). Conclusion: Even though we found no evidence for the efficacy of home-based tDCS for patients with BD, this tool was found to be a safe and tolerable treatment modality for BD. Clinical trial registration: [https://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT03974815], identifier [NCT03974815].
Theta burst stimulation is not inferior to high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder in Veterans with depression: a retrospective case series$$$ Background: Two commonly used forms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) were recently shown to be equivalent for the treatment of treatment-resistant depression (TRD): high-frequency stimulation (10 Hz), a protocol that lasts between 19-38 minutes, and intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation (iTBS), a protocol that can be delivered in just 3 minutes. Intermittent TBS offers significant time advantages to patients and clinics and has thus become a default treatment in many clinics. However, it is unclear whether iTBS treatment offers the same benefits as standard 10 Hz rTMS for comorbid symptoms, such as post-traumatic-stress-disorder (PTSD). Methods: In this retrospective case series, we analyzed treatment outcomes in Veterans from the VA San Diego Healthcare system (VASDHS) who received 10 Hz (n = 47) or iTBS (n = 51) rTMS treatments for TRD between the dates of Feb 2018 to June 2022. We compared outcomes between these two stimulation protocols used between these dates on symptoms of depression (using changes in the patient health questionnaire-9, or PHQ-9) and PTSD (using changes in the PTSD Checklist for DSM-5, or PCL-5). We hypothesized that there would be no differences in treatment outcomes between 10 Hz and iTBS protocols for either depression (confirming prior RCT) or PTSD. Results: We initially found that stimulation groups differed in gender (the iTBS group had 16 females and 35 males, the 10 Hz group had 5 females and 42 males, p<0.003). Thus, to analyze whether there was a difference by stimulation protocol, we first implemented a mixed-effects ANOVA model for PHQ-8 scores with gender and stimulation type as between-group fixed effects and treatment (pre-treatment and post-treatment scores) as the repeated measures factor. We found no significant difference by stimulation protocol for either depression (PHQ-9, (F(1,94)= 0.16, p = 0.69, eta-squared = 0.002) or PTSD symptoms (PCL-5, F (1,94) = 3.46, p = 0.067, eta-squared = 0.036). As differences related to PTSD outcomes were close to significance, we did look at the post-hoc treatment effects by stimulation type for PTSD symptoms. The iTBS group showed a reduction from 41.9 +/- 4.4 to 25.1 +/- 4.9 (a difference of 16.8 points) while the 10Hz group showed a reduction from 43.6 +/- 2.9 down to 35.2 +/- 3.2 (a difference of 8.4 points). Follow-up analyses restricting the sample in various ways did not meaningfully change these results (no follow-up analyses showed that there was a significant difference between stimulation protocols). Conclusions: While limited by small sample size, non-blinded and pseudo-randomized assignment, our data suggests that iTBS is non-inferior to 10Hz stimulation in inducing reductions in PTSD symptoms and depression in military Veterans. Our findings pave the way for further research trials to validate and optimize iTBS for PTSD symptoms.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of anxiety and depression in patients with oral cancer during perioperative period$$$ This study retrospectively investigated the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of anxiety and depression in patients with oral cancer (OC) during the perioperative period (PPP). This retrospective study reviewed the electronic medical records of patients who underwent OC surgery and experienced anxiety and depression during PPP. The patients were divided into the treatment (n = 36) and control (n = 36) groups. The patients in the treatment group received tDCS, whereas those in the control group did not receive tDCS. The primary outcomes included the Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS) and the Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS). Secondary outcomes included adverse events (AEs). We analyzed the outcome data before and after treatment. After treatment, patients in the treatment group achieved greater relief in SAS (P <.01) and SDS (P <.01) scores than those in the control group. Regarding safety, no electronic medical records reported any AEs in this study. The results of this study showed that tDCS may help relieve depression and anxiety in patients with OC during PPP. However, high-quality prospective randomized controlled trials are required to confirm these findings.
Assessing and stabilizing atypical plasticity in autism spectrum disorder using rTMS: Results from a proof-of-principle study$$$ Objectives: Emerging evidence implicates atypical plasticity in the neurophysiology of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Specifically, autistic people demonstrated hyperplasticity in response to theta-burst stimulation (TBS). We hypothesized that autistic adults would display hyperplasticity to TBS and that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) – which potentiates brain inhibitory mechanisms – would ‘stabilize’ hyperplasticity. Methods: Using a randomized, cross-over design, plasticity was assessed using TBS in the left motor cortex (M1) in 31 autistic adults and 30 sex-, intelligence quotient-, and age-matched controls. Autistic adults (n = 29) were further randomized (1:1) to receive a single session of active (n = 14) or sham (n = 15) rTMS (6000 pulses at 20 Hz) over left M1 and plasticity was reassessed on the next day following rTMS. Results: Both long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) were significantly increased in the ASD group, indicating hyperplasticity. Active, but not sham rTMS, attenuated LTD in autistic adults. Conclusions: We provided further evidence for the presence of brain hyperplasticity in ASD. To our knowledge, this is the first study to show preliminary evidence that an excessive LTD in ASD can be ‘stabilized’ using rTMS. Such ‘stabilizing’ effect of rTMS on LTP was not observed, likely due to small sample size or a more specific ‘attenuating’ effect of rTMS on LTD, compared to LTP. Significance: These findings indicate atypical brain inhibitory mechanisms behind hyperplasticity in ASD. Utilizing a larger sample, future replication studies could investigate therapeutic opportunities of ‘mechanism-driven’ rTMS.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation regulates neuroinflammation, relieves hyperalgesia and reverses despair-like behaviour in chronic constriction injury rats$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) could effectively relieve the pain and depression in neuropathic pain (NP) patients. However, the specific treatment parameters and exact mechanism are still unclear. Our purpose is to observe the effects of rTMS on pain and despair-like behaviour in chronic constriction injury (CCI) rats and explore its possible mechanism. Thirty-two 8-week-old male Sprague–Dawley rats were randomly divided into four groups: sham operation group (S, n = 8), CCI group (n = 8), 1 Hz-rTMS group (n = 8) and 10 Hz-rTMS group (n = 8). The rTMS was applied to the left dorsal anterior agranular insular (AId) 1 week after the operation, once a day, 5 days/week for 4 consecutive weeks. Mechanical hyperalgesia, despair-like behaviours and sciatic nerve function were used to evaluate the effects of rTMS. Besides, glucose metabolism, the metabotropic glutamate receptors 5 (mGluR5), N-Methyl-D-Aspartic acid receptor type 2B (NMDAR2B), tumour necrosis factor-α (TNF-α), interleukin-6 (Ll-6) and interleukin-1β (Ll-1β) in AId were tested to explore the possible mechanism. Compared with 1 Hz-rTMS, the rats of 10 Hz-rTMS had higher the mechanical hyperalgesia, higher sugar preference and shorter swimming immobility time. Besides, the expressions of mGluR5, NMDAR2B, TNF-α, Ll-1β and Ll-6 both in 1 Hz-rTMS and 10 Hz-rTMS groups were reduced compared with the CCI group; the 10 Hz-rTMS group had a more decrease than that of 1 Hz-rTMS. Furthermore, the [18]F-FDG uptake was lower than that in the 1 Hz-rTMS group. Compared with 1 Hz-rTMS, 10 Hz-rTMS could more effectively relieve mechanical hyperalgesia and reverse despair-like behaviour in rats. The mechanism could be related to regulating mGluR5/NMDAR2B-related inflammatory signalling pathways in the AId.
High-Definition Transcranial Direct Current with Electrical Theta Burst on Post-Stroke Motor Rehabilitation: A Pilot Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: High-definition transcranial electrical theta burst superimposing direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS-eTBS) not only incorporates the therapeutic advantages of tDCS and TBS but enhances stimulation focality and practicality. However, the applicability of this innovative neuromodulatory device in post-stroke rehabilitation remains uncertain. Objective: This study aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of the HD-tDCS-eTBS on upper extremity (UE) motor function in patients with chronic stroke. Methods: A patient-blinded, randomized controlled study was conducted. Twenty-four participants were randomly assigned into either the active HD-tDCS-eTBS group or sham HD-tDCS-eTBS group. Both groups received 20 minutes of active/sham HD-tDCS-eTBS combined with 30 minutes of conventional UE rehabilitation each time, 3 times a week for 4 weeks. Outcome measures including the Fugl-Meyer Assessment of Upper Extremity, Wolf Motor Function Test, Jebsen-Taylor Hand Function Test, Finger-Nose Test, and Modified Ashworth Scale were assessed before and immediately after the intervention period. Results: Spasticity of shoulder adductor (P =.05), elbow extensor (P =.04), and thumb flexor (P <.01) were significantly reduced in the active HD-tDCS-eTBS group versus the sham group. Nonsignificant trends in the improvements of most other outcome measures were in favor of the active HD-tDCS-eTBS group with moderate to large effect sizes (P =.06–.26, ηp2 = 0.06–0.16). No severe adverse events except for slight skin redness under the stimulus electrode was detected after the HD-tDCS-eTBS. Conclusions: Our findings support that HD-tDCS-eTBS is safe and has therapeutic potential for post-stroke UE motor rehabilitation. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (ID: NCT04278105).
You feel me? A randomized trial of tDCS on pain empathy$$$ Pain empathy has a number of social benefits, but can be problematic in those who feel the pain of others too much. The current study examined the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a modifier of pain empathy with the expectation that cathodal stimulation would decrease pain empathy. Anxiety and general empathy were controlled for, given past work demonstrating their impact on pain empathy. Participants were randomized to either active (cathodal; n = 55) or sham tDCS (n = 55) at 2 mA for 20 min while watching videos of painful events and completing a pain empathy simulation questionnaire. Bayesian linear regression analysis indicated no evidence that tDCS condition affected pain empathy. However, there was strong evidence in favor of a positive relationship between anxiety and pain empathy, and extreme evidence between general empathy and pain empathy. The current study examined a montage over the temporoparietal junction though future work should also investigate other areas related to pain empathy such as the anterior cingulate cortex. Results provide evidence of the need for stronger methodological considerations with regard to tDCS including larger sample sizes. Further, the connection between anxiety and pain empathy demonstrates the need for treatments to not only target classic anxiety symptoms, but other factors than may worsen daily functioning.
Neuroprotective Effects of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Parkinson’s Disease (NET-PD): A Study Protocol for a Delayed-Start Randomized Double-Blind Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: As a typical high-disability neurodegenerative disease, Parkinson’s disease (PD) progresses variably, and patients who are clinically insensitive to dopaminergic therapy and whose symptoms fail to improve are commonly observed. As a result, achieving early neuron protection is critical. Methods/Design: The NET-PD study is a 2-year prospective single-center, double-blind, multi-arm, delayed-start, sham-controlled clinical trial assessing the long-term neuroprotective effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) in PD patients. Patients diagnosed with PD, aged 50–80, Hoehn–Yahr stage ≤4, and who maintain medication stability during the study will be enrolled. Clinical assessment and multi-modal markers are used to clarify the clinical improvement and dynamic neuronal changes in PD patients. With a standard deviation of 2, a test level of 0.05, a dropout rate of 10%, and a degree of certainty of 0.9, 60 PD patients are required for this study. Results: The NET-PD project was funded in March 2022, data collection began in July 2022, and is currently in the recruitment phase with two PD patients already enrolled. Data collection is expected to be completed in June 2024. The results are expected for publication in December 2024. Discussion: Previous research has demonstrated a rudimentary method for assessing and delaying PD progression in clinical medication trials. The NET-PD study adopts a rigorous methodology and specific disease-modifying designs to demonstrate the neuroprotective effect of iTBS on PD and investigate the potential mechanism of iTBS in regulating brain and motor functions. We hope to provide supposition for the subsequent exploration of diverse neuroprotection methods.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS): Pain Management in End-Stage Renal Disease - Report of an Early Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Context: Chronic pain in end-stage renal disease (ESRD) is an increasingly neglected clinical problem affecting more than 60% of patients. Long-term chronic pain could be associated with brain imbalance in circuits of pain matrix and is associated with poor quality of life (QoL) and mood disturbance. Objectives: The aim of this study was evaluating the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on pain, QoL, depression, anxiety and affectivity in ESRD patients undergoing hemodialysis (HD). Methods: This double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial included 30 patients with chronic pain undergoing HD. Participants were allocated to Active tDCS and Sham tDCS and received ten non-consecutive sessions of anodal motor cortex stimulation (M1/Sp2 montage) at 2 mA intensity for 20 min. The primary outcome was pain assessed using numeric rating scale (NRS) and collected at baseline, immediately after the 10th day of intervention, one week, two weeks, and four weeks after the last stimulation. Secondary outcomes included QoL, depression, anxiety and affectivity collected before and after intervention. Results: A mixed ANOVA model showed significant interaction between group and time on pain F(4.112) = 3.106, P = 0.01 with main effects of group (P = 0.03). Before and after intervention, a significant improvement was observed in QoL (P = 0.009), general health (P = 0.03), fatigue (P = 0.05), symptoms (P = 0.05) depression (P = 0.01) and anxiety (P = 0.01). No difference was found for affectivity. Conclusion: Anodal tDCS over the motor cortex emerges as a potential therapeutic approach for improving pain, QoL, and mood in patients with ESRD.
TU-108. Evidence for 10 Hz rTMS-mediated LTP$$$ Introduction: Our understanding of how repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) changes the human brain on a cellular level is incomplete. Long-term potentiation (LTP) is a popular candidate mechanism but has lacked specificity in human studies thus far. Moreover, pharmacology combined with mechanism-revealing paired-pulse (PPTMS) neurophysiology measures testing the modulatory effect of rTMS (before and after rTMS) remain largely unexplored. Further, mechanistic studies with 10 Hz rTMS and pharmacology were not previously reported. Methods: We tested the sufficiency of n-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor agonism with d-cycloserine (DCS) vs. placebo in a double-blind randomized crossover study on motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) from ten healthy adults before and after a 10 Hz rTMS ‘plasticity protocol’ (300 pulses, 1.5s on, 58.5 s off, 80% motor threshold (MT)). Brain excitability was measured with single-pulse MEPs and MT at 15-minute increments for 1-hour after rTMS including cortical-silent period, input/output (I/O) curves, and paired-pulse TMS (intracortical inhibition and facilitation (ICI, ICF)). These were obtained from a subthreshold conditioning pulse followed by a suprathreshold test pulse at 3 ms and 15 ms apart, respectively. 100 mg d-cycloserine (DCS) or identical placebo capsule was administered 2 hours before rTMS. Results: In the DCS condition, MEPs were enhanced over the course of 1-hour after rTMS vs placebo (p = 0.038; effect size = 0.387), ICF showed significantly less facilitation after rTMS (p = 0.037, Cohen’s d = 1.13), and ICI showed significantly more inhibition after rTMS (p = 0.027, Cohen’s d = 1.16). CSP, MTs, and I/O curves were not different between groups. Conclusion: Taken together, these data suggest that 10-Hz rTMS may produce facilitation in the motor cortex through LTP. Evidence includes enhanced MEP facilitation over 1-hour peaking at 30 minutes; an apparent occlusion effect when superimposed with ICF, and an apparent homeostatic depression effect when superimposed with ICI.
TU-110. tDCS randomized controlled trials in no–structural diseases: a quantitative review$$$ Introduction: The increasing number and quality of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) employing transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) denote the rising awareness of the neuroscientific community about its electroceutical potential and openness to include these treatments in the framework of medical therapies under the indications of the international authorities. The purpose of this quantitative review is to estimate the recommendation strength applying the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluations (GRADE) criteria and PICO (population, intervention, comparison, outcome) model values for effective tDCS treatments on no-structural diseases, and to provide an estimate of Sham effect for future RCTs. Methods: Applying GRADE evaluation pathway, we searched in literature for the tDCS-based RCTs in psychophysical diseases displaying a major involvement of brain electrical activity imbalances. Three independent authors agreed on Class 1 RCTs (18 studies), and meta-analyses were carried out using a random-effects model for pathologies sub-selected based on PICO and systemic involvement criteria. Results: The meta-analysis integrated with extensive evidence of negligible side effects and low-cost, easy-to-use procedures, indicated that tDCS treatments for depression and fatigue in Multiple Sclerosis (MS) ranked between moderately and highly recommendable. For these interventions we reported the PICO variables, with left vs. right dorsolateral prefrontal target for 30 min/10 days against depression and bilateral somatosensory vs. occipital target for 15 min/5 days against MS fatigue. An across-diseases meta-analysis devoted to the Sham effect provided references for power analysis in future tDCS RCTs on these clinical conditions. Conclusion: High-quality indications support tDCS as a promising tool to build electroceutical treatments against diseases involving neurodynamic alterations.
TU-156. Increased susceptibility to long-term depression and impaired metaplasticity in the primary motor cortex of focal hand dystonia patients$$$ Introduction: The reversal of previous long-term potentiation (LTP) at synapses is known as ‘depotentiation’. Dystonia animal models have exhibited deficient depotentiation in corticostriatal neurons. Focal hand dystonia (FHD) patients exhibited abnormal LTP-like plasticity in the primary motor cortex (M1); however, little is known about whether depotentiation is implicated in FHD. Depotentiation can be studied non-invasively using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in theta burst stimulation (TBS) mode by administering intermittent-TBS (iTBS) to induce LTP-like effects followed by continuous-TBS (cTBS) to induce depotentiation. Here, we investigated whether FHD patients exhibit impaired motor cortical depotentiation using TBS applied to the M1. Methods: 12 FHD patients (age=59±10.05 [mean±SD] years, 5 female, 10 writer’s cramp, 2 musician’s dystonia) at least 3 months after their last botulinum toxin injection were studied and compared to 10 healthy control participants (age=60±10.58 years, 3 female). All participants were studied in two visits using either a potentiation-depotentiation protocol (iTBS600+cTBS150) or depotentiation-only protocol (Sham-iTBS+cTBS150) targeting M1. Both protocols were applied in a randomized order and separated by at least three days. Motor evoked potential (MEP) amplitudes were measured at baseline (BL), immediately after iTBS (Inter), 1-minute after cTBS150 (T01), T05, T10, T20, and T30. Results: The TBS protocols had different effects on MEP amplitudes in FHD patients and healthy controls. The potentiation-depotentiation protocol did not change MEP amplitudes in the control group; however, FHD patients exhibited an initial decrease followed by an increase at T10 and T20 in MEP amplitudes compared to BL. The depotentiation-only protocol elicited decreased MEP amplitudes compared to BL in both FHD patients and the control group. Conclusion: Compared to healthy controls, FHD patients showed increased susceptibility to an LTD-like effect elicited by the depotentiation-only protocol. Moreover, the increased MEP amplitudes after the potentiation-depotentiation protocol in FHD patients but not in healthy controls suggest that regulation of plasticity is abnormal in FHD. Therefore, increased susceptibility to LTD and impaired metaplasticity could be pathophysiological features of FHD.
The Relationship Between Depression and Pain During Acute Electroconvulsive Therapy and Follow-Up Period for Patients With Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Objectives We explored the relationships between depression and pain during acute electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and the follow-up period for patients with treatment-resistant depression and concomitant pain. Methods During the acute ECT phase, treatment-resistant depression patients (N = 97) were randomized to receive ECT plus agomelatine 50 mg/d, or ECT plus placebo. Depression and pain severities were measured using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17), and the pain subscale of the Depression and Somatic Symptoms Scale at baseline, after every 3 ECT treatments, and after acute ECT. If patients achieved response (ie, a ≥ 50% reduction in HAMD-17) or received at least 6 ECT treatments, they were prescribed agomelatine 50 mg/d and participated in a 12-week follow-up trial. The HAMD-17 and pain subscale were assessed at 4-week intervals. Both HAMD-17 and pain subscale scores were converted to T score units to compare the degrees of changes between depression and pain during acute ECT and the follow-up period. Results Eighty-two patients completing at least the first 3 ECT treatments entered the analysis. Both HAMD-17 and pain subscale decreased significantly after acute ECT. Changes of HAMD-17 T scores were significantly greater than changes of pain subscale T scores during acute ECT and follow-up period. Conclusions Pain changed more slowly than did depression while measuring both during acute ECT and the follow-up period. Pain can, therefore, be considered a separate entity from depression.
Effect of an Educational Video and Information Pamphlet on Knowledge and Attitudes About Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Randomized, Blind, Controlled Study$$$ Objective Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered an effective, yet underused and stigmatized form of psychiatric treatment. Public misconception can impact informed decision making, and therefore, it is important to educate the community with accurate and realistic representations of modern ECT. The aim of this study was to determine whether exposure to brief information packages developed in Australia leads to changes in attitudes and knowledge about ECT. Methods A sample of 100 undergraduate psychology students and 88 volunteers from the general public were randomly allocated to view 1 of 3 resource packages (each containing an information pamphlet and videos totaling 15 minutes): Concord Centre for Mental Health - Revised, Concord Centre for Mental Health - Original, and a generic information package on depression. Participants' attitudes and knowledge of ECT were assessed before and after psychoeducation using the Questionnaire on Attitudes and Knowledge of ECT (QuAKE). Results Participants in the student and general population exposed to either ECT resource package showed significantly improved attitudes and knowledge of ECT compared with participants exposed to generic information about depression and its treatment. A fine-grained analysis of the QuAKE revealed that, although many aspects of knowledge and attitudes improved after exposure to ECT information packages, some remained unchanged. Conclusions Brief education through information resources in video and written format can markedly improve attitudes and knowledge toward ECT. Further research is recommended to determine whether the resources contribute to informed decision making of consumers with mental illness, especially those who are candidates for ECT.
Placebo Effect in Randomized Trials of Major Depressive Disorder With Psychotic Features: A Systematic Review and Descriptive Meta-Analysis$$$ BACKGROUND In the 1980s, the response rate of major depressive disorder with psychotic features (MDD-Psy) to placebo pills was reported to be close to 0%. To our knowledge, this placebo response rate has not been systematically reassessed. We undertook a systematic review of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that have used a placebo or sham control group for MDD-Psy. Methods We searched MEDLINE and identified 9 relevant publications reporting on 10 studies comparing a placebo or sham interventions versus an active intervention. We extracted reported rates of response or of dropout for all causes associated with placebo versus active intervention(s) and aggregated response and dropout rates across trials. Results Two sham-controlled electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) trials did not provide response rates. In the 3 pharmacotherapy studies published in the 1980s, 0 of 12 participants (0%) responded to placebo versus 13 of 38 (34.2%) responding to the active interventions. In contrast, 5 RCTs published in the 2000s, 114 of 339 participants (33.6%) randomized to placebo responded versus 149 of 373 participants (39.9%) randomized to active interventions; dropout rates were 71/236 (30.1%) for placebo versus 84/282 (29.8%) for the active interventions. Conclusions As expected, response rates to placebo pills in RCTs for MDD-Psy increased markedly from the 1980s to the 2000s. Methodological issues in the design and conduct of more recent RCTs may have contributed to the high placebo response. However, one needs to consider this placebo response rate when interpreting the result of recent trials of MDD-Psy, which typically have not included a "pure"placebo condition.
Correlates of suicidality among standard rating scales and the Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) in adolescents undergoing transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background: Suicide is a leading cause of death in adolescents and young adults.1 This study sought to examine correlations among suicide items of standard rating scales for depression and Columbia-Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS)2 scores in adolescents participating in a transcranial magnetic stimulation study. Methods: This study examined data from adolescent patients (N=103) enrolled in a double-blind randomized control trial of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Total scores and respective individual items assessing suicidality from the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D)3, Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS)4, and Children’s Depression Rating Scale-Revised scale (CDRS-R)5 were compared with C-SSRS total severity and total intensity scores using Pearson correlation coefficients at the end of acute treatment. Results: The suicidality item of the HAM-D scores showed a positive association with C-SSRS total severity and intensity scores at the end of acute treatment for ITT sample (n=103) (r = 0.83; p-value= <0.0001, r = 0.86; p-value=<0.0001), respectively. Similarly, associations were demonstrated with the CDRS-R Item 13 scores and the MADRS scores. Conclusions: Accurate and reliable assessments of suicidality are an ongoing challenge for clinical trials and practice. Suicidality measures of HAM-D and CDRS-R correlated with the C-SSRS suicide assessment scale. These measures can potentially contribute to assessing suicidal risk and be helpful as an outcome measure to monitor treatment response in various clinical settings. Further studies should compare the sensitivity and specificity of suicidality items of HAM-D and CDRS-R. Conflicts of Interests: Dr. Croarkin has received research support from the National Institute of Mental Health, Magventure, Neuronetics, NeoSync, and Pfizer. He has received material support from and provided consultation to Myriad Neuroscience. He has consulted for Procter & Gamble Company. Dr. Elmaadawi receives research support from Duke University and the University of North Western. He receives research funding from Neurocrine, Inc, and Neuronetics. Dr. Aaronson has received research support from Compass Pathways and Neuronetics and serves as a consultant to LivaNova, Neuronetics, Janssen, Genomind, and Sage Therapeutics. He serves on speaker boards for Janssen and Sunovion. Dr. Holbert has received material support (equipment) from Neuronetics. He is also a speaker for Neuronetics. Dr. Demitrack is a consultant to Neuronetics, Inc. and a full-time employee of Trevena, Inc. Dr. Strawn has received research support from Allergan, Neuronetics, Otsuka, the National Institute of Mental Health, National Institute of Child Health and Development, and National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences as well as the Yung Family Foundation. He receives royalties from Springer Publishing and received honoraria from CMEology and Neuroscience Educational Institute. He receives royalties from UpToDate. Finally, he received material support from and provided consultation to Myriad Genetics, Intracellular Therapeutics, and the FDA. The other authors have no disclosures. Funding: This study was funded by Neuronetics, Inc.
Dual Observation Naturalistic TMS study comparing H1 and Figure-8 Coil outcomes (DONT H8)$$$ Background: To date, the largest study comparing H1 and figure-8 coil outcomes was an RCT conducted in Croatia by Filipčić I et al. (1) showing that response rates were significantly better in the H1-coil group compared to the 8-coil group. The HAM-D17 scale score was lowered by 59% in the H1-coil, 41% in the 8-coil (P = 0.048). We attempted to determine if these same findings would hold true in a large, naturalistic (real-world), observational study in the United States. Methods: This was a retrospective observational outcomes study of 555 consecutive patients between 18 and 84 years old with a diagnosis of severe treatment resistant depression (TRD) without psychotic features who received at least one TMS treatment session from January, 2017 through November, 2021 using either the H1-coil (n=383) or figure-8 coil (n=172). The primary outcome measure was change in Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) score at the end of treatment. Results: T-tests for two correlated samples to evaluate the change in PHQ-9 scores from pre-treatment to end of the treatment series showed that for the figure-8 coil (NeuroStar) patients the mean change was -10.38; p<0.0001 (t=+22.73, df=171) and for the H1-coil (BrainsWay) patients the mean change was -9.00; p<0.0001 (t=+27.3, df=382). Both groups who received TMS with the figure-8 coil (mean 35.12 treatments) and the H1-coil (mean 36.13 treatments) showed clinical improvement in their depression as indicated by statistically significant pre- to post-treatment change in the PHQ-9 total score, although the 1.38-point difference in mean change in total PHQ-9 score was found to be statistically significant at p<0.05 (t=+2.38, df=553, p=0.018) in favor of patients treated with the figure-8 coil compared to the H1-coil. Additionally, one-way ANCOVA analysis for two independent samples was performed on the mean difference in the pre- to post-treatment change in the PHQ-9 total score between the groups to adjust for the baseline covariable of pre-treatment PHQ-9 total score (F=7.12) which was statistically significant at p<0.01 for change in total PHQ-9 score from baseline to endpoint, such that if the individual differences in baseline PHQ-9 total scores are removed, then the two adjusted means significantly differed to the degree of p<0.01. This confirmed that the figure-8 coil was more effective than the H1-coil in treating depression and that this statistically significant treatment effect was independent of baseline level of depression. Conclusions: The DONT H8 study is the largest naturalistic (real-world) study to date comparing head-to-head clinical outcomes between the H1-coil and figure-8 coil TMS devices. The primary finding that the mean reduction in symptoms of depression as measured by the PHQ-9 self-report scale was statistically superior with the figure-8 coil (NeuroStar) compared to the H1-coil (Brainsway) is novel and of major importance. Conflicts of Interest: None Funding: No outside funding was obtained. Consultant statistical analysis was used to verify findings. Disclosures: Dr. Raj has served as a consultant to Eisai Inc. Reference: 1. Filipčić I, IŠimunović Filipčić I, Milovac Ž, et al. Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an H1-Coil in treatment of major depressive disorder; a randomized clinical trial. Journal of Psychiatric Research. 2019;(114):113-119.
Effectiveness of high frequency rTMS stimulation with the H7 coil over the mPFC versus with the H1 coil over the dlPFC in patients with MDD: A multicenter randomized controlled non-inferiority trial$$$ Background: Deep TMSTM H1 Coil stimulation to the left DLPFC is an FDA cleared treatment option in refractory depression. The DLPFC though is only one node on a common brain circuit of effective neurostimulation targets for depression and different nodes may be more effective in treating patients with different sub-syndromes. Thus, stimulation protocols targeting other brain areas may be beneficial for different patients. The purpose of the current study was to assess whether the efficacy of mPFC stimulation using the H7 Coil is non-inferior to the efficacy of DLPFC stimulation using the H1 Coil in subjects with MDD. Methods: 169 patients with MDD treated in one of 6 sites made up the ITT population. During the acute phase of the study patients were treated daily for 4 consecutive weeks (5 sessions/week), while during the maintenance phase patients were treated biweekly (with at least 48 hours between treatments). Patients in both treatment group received a similar protocol (18 Hz; total of 1980 stimuli per session), applied over the lateral DLPFC (H1 Coil) or mPFC-ACC (H7 Coil). Results: In both groups, HDRS-21 scores significantly decreased between baseline and week 6 but no differences were observed between the groups. Furthermore, response and remission rates (65% and 49% for the H7, 61% and 43% for the H1) did not differ between the two groups. Conclusions: The current study suggests that the H7 Coil is non-inferior to the FDA-cleared H1 Coil for the treatment of MDD, as the two groups were statistically indistinguishable across measures. Funding: Brainsway Ltd. Conflicts of Interest: YR and AZ are key inventors of Deep TMS technology and have financial interest in BrainsWay. SZ and GSP are BrainsWay employees. AT has a financial interest in BrainsWay and in commercial TMS.
cTBS for generalized anxiety disorder in pharmaco-naïve patients$$$ Objective: Determine the effectiveness of cTBS for generalized anxiety disorder in pharmaco-naiïve patients. Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation has proven to be effective in patients with TRD and PTSD diagnose. However, there are a few studies that have evaluated the efficacy of rTMS for anxiety disorders and there is an absence of trials investigating rTMS in pharmaco-naïve patients. Design / Methods: 27 patients (aged between 18 to 77 years old) diagnosed with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). The therapy consisted of 35 TMS sessions with continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS). The target was located by neuronavegation over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Beck anxiety inventory (BAI) scale was used for pre and post treatment evaluations. Results: All 27 patients completed the study without significant side effects. Overall anxiety symptoms decreased by a mean of 67,86% measured by the BAI scale. Means scores decreased from 26,74 (+-10,22) pre-treatment to 8,59 (+-6,03) post-treatment. Conclusions: cTBS appears to be well tolerated and might be a satisfactory intervention tool to improve anxiety symptoms. This is not a sham-active protocol thus is not possible to measure the placebo response. Further search is needed to corroborate these findings. Conflicts of Interests: None to report. Funding: self-funding References 1. Littman, L., Datto, S. (2018). The use of continuous theta burst stimulation for the treatment of anxiety: A case series. Brain Stimulation, 11(6), e13. 2. Clarke, E., Clarke, P., Gill, S., Paterson, T., Hahn, L., & Galletly, C. (2019). Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression with comorbid anxiety disorders. Journal of affective disorders, 252, 435-439. 3. Pigot, M., Loo, C., & Sachdev, P. (2008). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as treatment for anxiety disorders. Expert Review of Neurotherapeutics, 8(10), 1449-1455. 4. Vicario, C. M., Salehinejad, M. A., Felmingham, K., Martino, G., & Nitsche, M. A. (2019). A systematic review on the therapeutic effectiveness of non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of anxiety disorders. Neuroscience & Biobehavioral Reviews, 96, 219-231. 5. Dokucu, M., DeNunzio, A., & Esen, E. (2013). Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Treatment Of Anxiety Disorders. Psychopharm Review, 48(2), 9-16.
Exploring the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing scores on the Yale Global Tic Severity Rating Scale for tic disorders in comparison to sham treatment: A rapid review$$$ Background: Repetitive TMS (rTMS) is a non-invasive method of neuromodulation used to treat psychiatric and neurological disorders. Since NICE approved rTMS as safe and clinically effective for the treatment of depression in 2015, research has explored effectiveness for several other disorders. Roughly 1.4 million people suffer from tic disorders in the UK, with many being treatment resistant. This rapid review has been conducted to explore the viability and utility of rTMS as an intervention to treat tic disorders. Method: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) testing low frequency rTMS vs sham-TMS in patients with tic disorder were included in the review. Severity of tic disorder was measured by the Yale Global Tic Severity Rating Scale (YGTSS). A systematic search, with pre-selected search terms, was applied to SCOPUS, Science Direct, PubMed, APA psychinfo, and EBSCO Host for RCTs between 2000 and 2021. From 7718 studies, 4 were selected. The review was conducted using a narrative synthesis where studies were summarized and compared to draw conclusions. A quality assessment using critical appraisal skills checklist was also carried out. Results: Half of the studies showed statistically significant improvement in YGTSS motor tics. The studies varied in their targeted treatment area and TMS protocol output. Conclusions: TMS when applied to specific brain regions has shown a statistically significant effect on improving symptoms of tic disorder, future studies should seek to replicate these findings in larger samples. Conflict of interest: None Funding: None Disclosure: All authors were members of Smart TMS
Reconsideration of the Benefits of Pharmacological Interventions for the Attenuation of the Cognitive Adverse Effects of Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ The cognitive adverse effects (AEs) of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) limit the wider use of the treatment. These AEs can be attenuated by changing the way ECT is administered; however, such changes may reduce the response rate, the speed of response, or both. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis identified more than a dozen pharmacologic interventions in 26 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that sought to reduce ECT-induced cognitive AEs. Because of large differences across RCTs, only a few outcomes for a few interventions could be pooled in meta-analysis, and most pooled analyses included only 2–3 RCTs. Important findings were that acetylcholinesterase inhibitors, ketamine, memantine, and liothyronine were associated with improved global cognitive functioning at 1–14 days post-ECT. Anti-inflammatory treatments and opioid receptor antagonists were not associated with improvement in general cognitive outcome at 1–14 days post-ECT. Meta-analysis was not possible for the remaining interventions, including piracetam, melatonin, pemoline, nortriptyline, herbal agents, drugs acting on the cortisol pathway, opioid receptor antagonists, l-tryptophan, vasopressin analogs, calcium channel blockers, and others; in individual RCTs, some of these interventions attenuated some cognitive measures as some time points after ECT. Regrettably, none of the RCTs examined clinically meaningful outcomes such as subjective cognitive impairment, impairments in daily life, and persistent autobiographical memory deficits. Future research should study such clinically meaningful outcomes (rather than laboratory tests), using pharmacologic interventions, perhaps in combination, for ECT procedures that are associated with higher cognitive AE burden. A risk is that whatever attenuates ECT-induced cognitive AEs may also attenuate ECT-related therapeutic benefits.
The Therapeutic Effect of Electroconvulsive Therapy in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Patients: A Quasi-Experimental Study$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is demonstrated to be an effective treatment in some psychiatric disorders. It is postulated ECT should primarily be considered for patients with treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in the context of major depression. Therefore, we aimed to evaluate the efficacy of ECT in OCD patients without comorbid psychiatric disorders. Methods: This quasi-experimental study was conducted on 12 adult patients with severe OCD (Yale-Brown test score above 25) and no comorbid psychiatric disorders referred to a tertiary care hospital for psychiatric disorders. Treatment was administered three times a week for up to three to four weeks (a minimum of 8 sessions and a maximum of 12 sessions). We completed the Yale-Brown test for all the patients exactly before ECT, on the exact day after applying ECT, and two months after the final ECT session in order to evaluate the effect of therapy. Results: Yale-Brown score of patients significantly decreased after the ECT sessions from 28.08 ± 2.50 to 17.17 ± 3.78 (P-value, 0.043). After treatment, the severity of OCD improved in all patients and reduced to mild and moderate levels in 4 (33.3%) and 8 (66.7%) patients, respectively. After two months the mean Yale-Brown score slightly increased to 18.08 ±1.62 (P-value, 0.125) and the severity of OCD in all 12 patients (100%) became moderate. Nevertheless, in none of them, the Yale-Brown score increased up to the baseline value in this period. None of the patients developed significant side effects during/after ECT sessions. Conclusion: ECT was a safe and effective therapeutic strategy for patients with treatment-resistant OCD with no comorbid psychiatric disorders in our study. However, further randomized controlled trials are required to validate the efficacy of ECT for OCD treatment before implementing it into routine clinical practice.
Very Low-Level Transcranial Photobiomodulation . for Major Depressive Disorder: The ELATED-3 Multicenter, Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Transcranial photobiomodulation (t-PBM) with near-infrared (NIR) light might represent a treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, the dosimetry of administered t-PBM varies widely. We tested the efficacy of t-PBM with low irradiance, low energy per session, and low number of sessions in individuals with MDD. Methods: A 2-site, double-blind, sham-controlled study was conducted of adjunct t-PBM NIR (830 nm; continuous wave; 35.8 cm2 treatment area; 54.8 mW/cm2 irradiance; 65.8 J/cm2 fluence, 20 min/session; ~2 W total power; 2.3 kJ total energy per session), delivered to the prefrontal cortex, bilaterally, twice a week for 6 weeks, in subjects diagnosed with MDD per the DSM-IV criteria. Subjects were recruited between August 2016 and May 2018. A sequential parallel comparison design was used: 18 nonresponders to sham in phase 1 (6 weeks) were re-randomized in phase 2. The primary outcome was reduction in depression severity (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale [HDRS-17] and Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology—Clinician Rating [QIDS-C] scores) from baseline. Statistical analyses used R package SPCDAnalyze2, including all subjects with ≥ 1 post-randomization evaluation. Results: Of the 54 subjects recruited, we included 49 MDD subjects in the analysis (71% female, mean ± SD age 40.8 ± 16.1 years). There were no significant differences between t-PBM and sham with respect to the change in HDRS-17 (t= −0.319, P= .751) or QIDS-C (t= −0.499, P= .620) scores. The sham effect was reasonably low. Conclusions: Mostly uncontrolled studies suggest the efficacy of t-PBM for MDD; however, its optimal dose is still to be defined. A minimal dose threshold is likely necessary, similarly to other neuromodulation techniques in MDD (electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation). We established a threshold of inefficacy of t-PBM for MDD, based on combined low irradiance, low energy per session, and low number of sessions.
Transcranial direct current stimulation vs sham for the treatment of inattention in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder the tUNed randomized clinical trial$$$ IMPORTANCE Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may improve symptoms of inattention in adults with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). However, previous trials are characterized by small sample sizes, heterogeneous methodologies, and short treatment periods using clinic-based tDCS. OBJECTIVE To determine the efficacy and safety of home-based tDCS in treating inattention symptoms in adult patients with ADHD. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS Randomized, double-blind, parallel, sham-controlled clinical trial (tDCS for the Treatment of Inattention Symptoms in Adult Patients With ADHD [TUNED]), conducted from July 2019 through July 2021 in a single-center outpatient academic setting. Of 277 potential participants screened by phone, 150 were assessed for eligibility on site, and 64 were included. Participants were adults with ADHD, inattentive or combined subtype. Exclusion criteria included current stimulant drug treatment, current moderate to severe symptoms of depression or anxiety, diagnosis of bipolar disorder with a manic or depressive episode in the last year, diagnosis of schizophrenia or another psychotic disorder, and diagnosis of autism spectrum disorder; 55 of participants completed follow-up after 4 weeks. INTERVENTIONS Thirty-minute daily sessions of home-based tDCS for 4 weeks, 2 mA anodal-right and cathodal-left prefrontal stimulation with 35-cm2 carbon electrodes. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES Inattentive scores in the clinician-administered version of the Adult ADHD Self-report Scale version 1.1 (CASRS-I). RESULTS Included in this trial were 64 participants with ADHD (31 [48%] inattentive presentation and 33 [52%] combined presentation), with a mean (SD) age of 38.3 (9.6) years. Thirty participants (47%) were women and 34 (53%) were men. Fifty-five finished the trial. At week 4, the mean (SD) inattention score, as measured with CASRS-I, was 18.88 (5.79) in the active tDCS group and 23.63 (3.97) in the sham tDCS group. Linear mixed-effects models revealed a statistically significant treatment by time interaction for CASRS-I (β interaction = −3.18; 95% CI, −4.60 to −1.75; P < .001), showing decreased symptoms of inattention in the active tDCS group over the 3 assessments compared to the sham tDCS group. Mild adverse events were more frequent in the active tDCS group, particularly skin redness, headache, and scalp burn. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE In this randomized clinical trial, daily treatment with a home-based tDCS device over 4 weeks improved attention in adult patients with ADHD who were not taking stimulant medication. Home-based tDCS could be a nonpharmacological alternative for patients with ADHD. TRIAL REGISTRATION ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT04003740
Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation for the Treatment of Psychiatric Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Metaanalysis$$$ Objective: This meta-analysis aims to assess the effect of NIBS technique for psychiatric symptoms in patients with PD. Background: Non-invasive brain stimulations (NIBS), especially repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), are promising therapeutic tools for the psychiatric symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD). Methods: Several electronic databases were systematically searched for records from inception to Oct 18, 2021. The therapeutic effects of NIBS were evaluated by random-effects meta-analysis based on the standard mean difference (SMD) and effect estimates. Subgroup analyses, publication bias and sensitivity analyses were used to explore sources of heterogeneity. Results: Finally, 57 and 15 studies with 4,010 participants of 13,639 papers were involved in the meta-analyses and systematic review, respectively. Significant differences were found between the NIBS and shamstimulation/ placebo participants for depression (SMD = -0.75, 95% CI: -0.99 to -0.50, I2 = 79%), the rTMS combined with antidepressant therapy and antidepressant alone for depression (SMD = -0.98, 95% CI: -1.37 to -0.59, I2 = 87%) and anxiety (SMD = -1.46, 95% CI: -2.44 to -0.48, I2 = 95%). Meanwhile, lower risks were discovered for post-treatment compared with pre-treatment for depression (RR [relative risk] = 0.66, 95% CI: 0.57 to 0.76, I2 = 96%) and anxiety (RR= 0.66, 95% CI: 0.60 to 0.73, I2 = 67%). Conclusions: NIBS, can be regarded as an effective nonpharmacological option to treat PD depression. rTMS combined with antidepressants are demonstrated a useful tool against depression and anxiety in PD. Advanced studies are required to further investigation the optimal NIBS protocols of psychiatric symptoms for PD patients.
Seizure duration and postictal perfusion in a human seizure model$$$ Purpose: The postictal state is a largely underexplored phenomenon due to the unpredictability of seizures and the concomitant inherent practical challenges to investigate it. It was recently hypothesized that the postictal state may result from hypoperfusion as a consequence from seizure-triggered vasoconstriction (Farrell J et al. eLife 2016;5:e19352). Here, we explore this hypothesis in a human seizure model, using data from patients with major depressive disorder treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We recently argued that the seizures and the postictal state in these patients have similar characteristics as observed in patients with epilepsy (Pottkämper J et al. Epilepsia Open 2021;6:672-684). Methods: We recorded 19-channel EEG in patients with a major depressive disorder treated with ECT. Seizure duration was estimated from the ictal EEG. Arterial spin labelling magnetic resonance imaging (ASL-MRI) one hour after ECT was used to quantify global postictal cerebral blood flow (CBF). Per patient, one postictal CBF-map was compared to a baseline CBF-map acquired before the ECT course to investigate perfusion changes. A linear regression model examined the predictive value of seizure duration on postictal cerebral blood flow. Data were part of a prospective, three conditions cross-over trial, with randomized condition allocation, open-label treatment, and blinded end-point evaluation (NL68690.091.18). Results: Twenty-one patients were included. In this preliminary analysis, we found decreased postictal perfusion in the bilateral inferior and middle temporal gyrus, bilateral frontal pole, and the right angular gyrus. Seizure duration was variable (M = 63.35, SD = 28.85) and was not associated with postictal cerebral blood flow. Conclusion: Local cerebral blood flow decreases persist one hour after seizures in ECT patients. Our findings support the postictal hypoperfusion hypothesis introduced by Farrell et al. Longer seizures were not associated with postictal cerebral blood flow changes.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation improves heart rate variability$$$ Background: There is a bidirectional association between cardiovascular disease (CVD) and major depressive disorder (MDD) with rates of depression in patients with CVD of up to 40%. Heart rate variability (HRV) is the physiological phenomenon of variation in the time interval between heartbeats. Autonomic regulation is disturbed in MDD, indicated by a higher heart rate (HR) and lower HRV. In line with a network dysregulation hypothesis of MDD, optimal transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) sites are currently thought to be those that show functional connectivity to the subgenual cingulate gyrus, such as the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The use of fMRI to define the optimal target is costly and impractical in most clinical rTMSsettings.Recentwork has confirmed slowing ofHRimmediately following rTMS stimulation. We have shown progressive changes in HR and HRV with successful rTMS treatment of MDD in a recent case report. Methods: Six patients with MDD underwent intermittent thetaburst rTMS stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex as well as sham stimulation in a random cross-over design at the first rTMS stimulation with simultaneous HRVassessment. Results: The root mean square of successive of interbeat intervals (RMSSD) during active rTMS stimulation was significantly higher than during sham stimulation (23.3 ± 4.2 vs. 10.8± 4.2)p = 0.008.Therewas no significant difference in the average HR between groups. Conclusions: rTMS was shown to significantly improve RMSSD over sham stimulation in a sample of patients with MDD, indicative of an immediate increase in HRV.
Pupillometry in ECT: preliminary results$$$ Background: Pupillometry may provide measures for medication effects, sympathetic and parasympathetic activity, disease severity, and improve the clinical practice and research in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Research using modern pupillometers during ECT is lacking. Objectives: To investigate pupillary changes during ECT sessions in patients withmajor depressive disorder using amodern pupillometer, and comparing anesthetics, electrode placement, ECT-ictal outcomes and disease severity. Design/Methods: Single-site observational non-randomized cohort study. Pupillometry was obtained at 10 time points across 43 index and maintenance ECT sessions using a portable hand-held infrared quantitative automated pupilometer device, NeurOptics PLR™-3000 in ambient light. Eight pupillary parameters were obtained in addition to clinically recorded Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Mini Mental Status Examination (MMSE) and reorientation time. Results: Sixteen consented participantswere recruited (average age 37.2, range 18-62, 63% female). Data were obtained for 17 RUL and 26 BL ECT sessions with average recent BDI score of 30.4. Significantly enlarged pupils with poor light responsewere observed following anesthetic agent administration and during seizures, while duration of pupillary recovery differed depending on anesthetic agent and electrode placement. Patients with longer postictal reorientation time had certain post-treatment pupillary markers. Pupillometry did not differ by MMSE or BDI. Conclusions: Repeated non-invasive pupillometry measures are feasible during ECT treatments and may predict clinical outcome including reorientation time. Data to date suggest some pupillary measures vary by electrode placement.
Perceived barriers to using psychiatric electroceutical interventions: a national survey of psychiatrists, patients, caregivers, and the general public$$$ Background: Psychiatric electroceutical interventions (PEIs)-treatments that use electrical or magnetic stimuli to treat psychiatric conditions-often face heightened barriers. Better understanding the barriers to using PEIs is important for planningmental health services, setting resource allocation priorities and addressing misconceptions [1,2]. Objectives: To examine how different stakeholders perceive potential barriers to using different PEIs for depression. Methods: We administered national surveys with an embedded experiment to 4 nationwide samples of psychiatrists (n = 505), people diagnosed with depression (n = 1050), caregivers of people with depression (n = 1026), and members of the general public (n = 1022).We randomly assigned respondents to one of 8 conditions using a full factorial experimental design: 4 PEI modalities [ECT, rTMS, DBS, or adaptive brain implants (ABIs)] by 2 depression severity levels [moderate or severe].We asked participants to rank from a list of 8 factors what they perceived as the top 3 barriers to using their assigned PEI.We analyzed the data with ANOVA and logistic regression. Results: Non-clinicians most frequently reported limited evidence of the treatment's effectiveness and lack of understanding of PEIs as the top 2 most important practical barrier to using ECTand TMS, respectively. Compared to nonclinicians, psychiatrists were more likely to identify stigma about treatment for ECT, and lack of insurance coverage for TMS, as the most important barrier, respectively, and were more likely to identify lack of availability as important practical barrier for the use of ECT and TMS. Conclusion: Overall, psychiatrists' perceptions of the most important barriers to using PEIswere significantly different than those of non-clinicians, especially the public. Perceived barriers were significantly different for implantable (DBS and ABIs) versus non-implantable (rTMS and ECT) PEIs. Better understanding of how these barriers vary by PEI and stakeholder group could help us address structural and attitudinal barriers to effective use of these interventions.
Treatment of depression in the elderly with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using theta-burst stimulation: Study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a consolidated procedure for the treatment of depression, with several meta-analyses demonstrating its efficacy. Theta-burst stimulation (TBS) is a modification of TMS with similar efficacy and shorter session duration. The geriatric population has many comorbidities and a high prevalence of depression, but few clinical trials are conducted specifically for this age group. TBS could be an option in this population, offering the advantages of few side effects and no pharmacological interactions. Therefore, our aim is to investigate the efficacy of TBS in geriatric depression. Clinical trial registration: [https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/], identifier [NCT04842929].
Management of cognitive impairment in bipolar disorder: A systematic review of randomized controlled trials$$$ Cognitive impairment is common in bipolar disorder and is emerging as a therapeutic target to enhance quality of life and function. A systematic search was conducted on PubMed, PsycInfo, Cochrane, clinicaltrials.gov, and Embase databases for blinded or open-label randomized controlled trials evaluating the pro-cognitive effects of pharmacological, neurostimulation, or psychological interventions for bipolar disorder. Twenty-two trials were identified, evaluating a total of 16 different pro-cognitive interventions. The methodological quality of the identified trials were assessed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias tool. Currently, no intervention (i.e., pharmacologic, neurostimulation, cognitive remediation) has demonstrated robust and independent pro-cognitive effects in adults with bipolar disorder. Findings are preliminary and methodological limitations limit the interpretation of results. Methodological considerations including, but not limited to, the enrichment with populations with pre-treatment cognitive impairment, as well as the inclusion of individuals who are in remission are encouraged. Future trials may also consider targeting interventions to specific cognitive subgroups and the use of biomarkers of cognitive function.
Bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation ameliorated sleep disorder and hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal axis dysfunction in subjects with major depression$$$ Objective: In this study, we sought to explore the effectiveness of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on depressive symptoms and dysfunction of hypothalamic–pituitary–adrenal (HPA) axis in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Materials and methods: One hundred and thirty-six adults with MDD were administrated drugs combined with 3 weeks of active rTMS (n = 68) or sham (n = 68) treatment. The 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17) was to elevate depression severity at baseline and weeks 4. To test the influence of rTMS on the HPA axis, plasma adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and serum cortisol (COR) were detected in pre- and post-treatment. Results: No statistical significance was found for the baseline of sociodemographic, characteristics of depression, and psychopharmaceutical dosages between sham and rTMS groups (p > 0.05). There was a significant difference in the HAMD-17 total score between the two groups at end of 4 weeks after treatment (p < 0.05). Compared to the sham group, the rTMS group demonstrated a more significant score reduction of HAMD-17 and sleep disorder factor (HAMD-SLD) including sleep onset latency, middle awakening, and early awakening items at end of 4-week after treatment (p < 0.05). Furthermore, total score reduction of HAMD-17 was correlated with a decrease in plasma ACTH, not in COR, by rTMS stimulation (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Bilateral rTMS for 3 weeks palliated depression via improvement of sleep disorder, and plasma ACTH is a predictor for the efficacy of rTMS, especially in male patients with MDD.
Depression in young people$$$ Depression rates in young people have risen sharply in the past decade, especially in females, which is of concern because adolescence is a period of rapid social, emotional, and cognitive development and key life transitions. Adverse outcomes associated with depression in young people include depression recurrence; the onset of other psychiatric disorders; and wider, protracted impairments in interpersonal, social, educational, and occupational functioning. Thus, prevention and early intervention for depression in young people are priorities. Preventive and early intervention strategies typically target predisposing factors, antecedents, and symptoms of depression. Young people who have a family history of depression, exposure to social stressors (eg, bullying, discordant relationships, or stressful life events), and belong to certain subgroups (eg, having a chronic physical health problem or being a sexual minority) are at especially high risk of depression. Clinical antecedents include depressive symptoms, anxiety, and irritability. Evidence favours indicated prevention and targeted prevention to universal prevention. Emerging school-based and community-based social interventions show some promise. Depression is highly heterogeneous; therefore, a stepwise treatment approach is recommended, starting with brief psychosocial interventions, then a specific psychological therapy, and then an antidepressant medication.
Neural Plasticity in Spinal and Corticospinal Pathways Induced by Balance Training in Neurologically Intact Adults: A Systematic Review$$$ Balance training, defined here as training of postural equilibrium, improves postural control and reduces the rate of falls especially in older adults. This systematic review aimed to determine the neuroplasticity induced by such training in younger (18–30 years old) and older adults (≥65 years old). We focused on spinal and corticospinal pathways, as studied with electrophysiology, in people without neurological or other systemic disorders. We were specifically interested in the change in the excitability of these pathways before and after training. Searches were conducted in four databases: MEDLINE, CINAHL, Scopus, and Embase. A total of 1,172 abstracts were screened, and 14 articles were included. Quality of the studies was evaluated with the Downs and Black checklist. Twelve of the studies measured spinal reflexes, with ten measuring the soleus H-reflex. The H-reflex amplitude was consistently reduced in younger adults after balance training, while mixed results were found in older adults, with many showing an increase in the H-reflex after training. The differences in results between studies of younger vs. older adults may be related to the differences in their H-reflexes at baseline, with older adults showing much smaller H-reflexes than younger adults. Five studies measured corticospinal and intracortical excitability using transcranial magnetic stimulation. Younger adults showed reduced corticospinal excitability and enhanced intracortical inhibition after balance training. Two studies on older adults reported mixed results after training. No conclusions could be drawn for corticospinal and intracortical plasticity given the small number of studies. Overall, balance training induced measurable change in spinal excitability, with different changes seen in younger compared to older adults.
The role of physiotherapy in fibromyalgia: Current and future perspectives$$$ Fibromyalgia is a chronic pain condition characterized by generalized musculoskeletal pain, hyperalgesia and allodynia, commonly associated with other symptoms such as fatigue, poor sleep quality, anxiety and depression. The clinical manifestations of this rheumatic disease have significant psychosocial and economic repercussions, with a substantial impact on health status, quality of life and social activities. Currently, recommendations for the management of fibromyalgia include patient education and non-pharmacological interventions, and among the indicated treatments, clinical guidelines include several physiotherapeutic resources, essential for individuals affected by this syndrome. Research in the physiotherapy field has demonstrated its effectiveness, but there is a need to update the literature. This study aims to identify the effectiveness of physiotherapy in the treatment of individuals with fibromyalgia. We performed a literature review looking for articles dated from March 2012 to March 2022 using the terms “fibromyalgia”, “physiotherapy”, “physical therapy”, “rehabilitation” in different languages in various databases and their main information was read and collected and presented in a descriptive way. The effects of physiotherapy interventions are summarized in order to provide a reference for future research and clinical application. Research on non-pharmacological physiotherapy-oriented treatments has grown in recent years as an alternative for fibromyalgia treatment. This review allows fibromyalgia patients to receive appropriate physical therapy interventions to promote their health.
Evidence-based treatment strategies for rapid cycling bipolar disorder, a systematic review$$$ Objectives: Rapid cycling is a phase of bipolar disorder with increased episode frequencies. It is a severe and disabling condition that often poses a major challenge to the clinician. The aim of this paper is to give an overview of the evidence-based treatment options for rapid cycling. Methods: A systematic search on Pubmed, Embase and Cochrane databases from inception until December 2021 was conducted according to the PRISMA guidelines. An additional search on clinicaltrials.gov was done. References of retrieved papers and key reviews were hand-searched. Randomized controlled trials including at least 10 patients with bipolar disorder, rapid cycling, reporting an objective outcome measure were selected. Results: Our search, initially revealing 1330 articles, resulted in 16 papers about treatment of an acute mood episode, relapse prevention or both. Lithium, anticonvulsants, second generation antipsychotics, antidepressants and thyroid hormone were assessed as treatment options in the presented data. Evidence supporting the use of aripiprazole, olanzapine, quetiapine, valproate and lamotrigine for treatment of rapid cycling bipolar disorder was found. Limitations: Small sample sizes, different index episodes and variety of outcome measures. Conclusion: Evidence regarding treatment of rapid cycling remains scarce. Evidence supports the use of aripiprazole, olanzapine, and valproate for acute manic or mixed episodes, quetiapine for acute depressive episodes and aripiprazole and lamotrigine for relapse prevention. Given the paucity of available evidence, and the burden that accompanies rapid cycling, future research is warranted.
Intervention trials for adults with bipolar disorder in low-income and lower-middle-income countries: A systematic review$$$ Background: The treatment gap for bipolar disorder is aggravated by economic inequality. Around half of the world's population live in a low-or lower-middle-income country, where research on treatment is scarce. Hence, this review aims to determine the number and types of intervention studies conducted on adults with bipolar disorder in low-income and lower-middle-income countries and analyze the effect of these interventions on symptom severity, medical adherence, and quality of life. Methods: A systematic review was conducted in June and November 2021 using eight databases. Controlled intervention trials on adults with bipolar disorder on data from low-income and lower-middle-income countries at time of publication were included. The risk of bias was assessed using the Revised Cochrane risk-of-bias tool for randomized trials or The Risk Of Bias In Non-randomized Studies of Interventions assessment tool. Results: Twenty-one studies met the inclusion criteria. These were divided into four subtypes based on the intervention; pharmacotherapy (=12), psychosocial (=7), electroconvulsive therapy (=1), and traditional medicine (=1). Three studies were from low-income countries. A high risk of bias characterized the studies; only four studies reported the procedures used for randomization. Most studies, however, identified a beneficial effect on symptom severity, and in addition, medical adherence could be improved with psychosocial interventions. Limitations: Heterogeneity across studies prevented any meaningful pooling of data to meta-analyses. Conclusion: Data for treatment interventions contextualized to the local setting for bipolar disorder remains sparse, particularly from low-resource settings. Further studies are urgently needed to target the treatment gap for bipolar disorder. Trial registration: PROSPERO: CRD42020170953.
Cortical excitatory and inhibitory correlates of the fronto-limbic circuit in major depression and differential effects of left frontal brain stimulation in a randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD), particularly treatment-resistant ones, is associated with abnormal fronto-limbic glucose metabolism. 10-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over left prefrontal cortex (PFC) is believed to normalize the abnormal metabolism to treat depression. However, the exact molecular mechanisms underlying the mood circuit of depressed brains and whether brain stimulation techniques regulate the underlying molecules remain elusive. Methods: Whole-brain glucose metabolism and cortical excitatory and inhibitory markers including P30, N45, P60, N100, and LICI (long-interval cortical inhibition) of TMS-evoked potentials from left DLPFC were measured in 40 subjects with MDD patients. The neurophysiological markers were repeated immediately after 1st session of left PFC rTMS, intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), and sham (randomly assigned). Results: Brain glucose metabolism in the limbic structures significantly correlated with left PFC P30 (mainly GABA-A and glutamate receptor mediated) and with LICI (mainly GABA-B receptor mediated inhibition) (FWE-corrected p < 0.001). Correlations between other neurophysiological markers (left PFC N45, P60, and N100) and posterior cingulate cortex, a key region in the default mode network, were also noted. One session of rTMS significantly decreased left PFC P60 (mainly glutamate receptor mediated), while a significant group effect was found for LICI (iTBS < sham). Conclusion: The first study showed that the underlying molecular mechanisms of fronto-limbic circuit of MDD brains involved glutamatergic excitation and GABAergic inhibition at specific time points. In addition, one session of rTMS mainly modulated glutamatergic neurotransmission at left PFC, while the mechanisms of iTBS might involve GABA-B receptor mediated inhibition. Clinical trials registry number: UMIN000044951.
Probability Ramp Control reduces the number of sessions required to find an acceptable dose of succinylcholine during Electroconvulsive Therapy - an in silico analysis$$$ Introduction Electroconvulsive Therapy may be utilized in as many as 76,000 cases annually in the US, with the majority of cases employing succinylcholine. The reported dose spans the range of 0.29 - 2.1 mg/kg, and while motor seizures only last 36 ± 6 seconds, the duration of paralysis extends to 310 ± 38 seconds. While a model of succinylcholine pharmacokinetics/pharmacodynamics exists, this has not been employed to facilitate dose selection in clinical practice. Probability ramp control was investigated for this purpose. Methods Two approaches to dose finding were implemented. The first was an optimized Up-Down Method (UDM) that utilized an initial bolus, an adjustment dose, and a decrement to decrease the adjustment when crossing the target of 95% twitch depression. The second utilized probability ramp control (PRC) comprised of an infusion sequence that stopped when 95% twitch depression was obtained, a model that mapped the times for onset and offset of blockade to a subsequent bolus, and an adjustment dose to refine this dose when needed. Two populations of 10000 randomly parameterized models were developed from published data to train and evaluate the performance. Performance was assessed with a fuzzy classifier that segmented outcomes into three sets - LOW, HIGH, and SUCCESS. A loss function was developed that determined the number of sessions required to bring all models to SUCCESS. The probability distributions were compared using the Kolmogorov-Smirnov 2 sample test, with P<0.001 considered significant. Results Optimal values for the UDM parameters BOLUS, ADJUSTMENT, and DECREMENT were 0.7834 mg/kg, 0.3334 mg/kg, and 0.4056. Optimal values for the PRC SEQUENCE were 0.2663 mg/kg/min for 3 minutes followed by 0.7028 mg/kg/min. A fourth order polynomial MODEL produced estimates of the bolus that brought 99% of models to SUCCESS on the second session, while UDM required 6 sessions to achieve 99% SUCCESS. The probability distributions were distinct with P<<0.001. Discussion PRC was able to correctly produce SUCCESS in significantly fewer sessions than UDM. Additionally, PRC is easy to implement and allows pooling of results from multiple clinicians. The performance of PRC in clinical use for ECT will require further study.
Self- Versus Informant-Report of Cognitive Decline in Mild Cognitive Impairment: Concordance With Cognitive and Functional Performance$$$ Objective: Debate continues regarding the use of self-versus informant-report to diagnose mild cognitive impairment (MCI) with studies reporting patients both overestimating and underestimating their abilities relative to informants. We assessed concordance of self-versus informant-report of cognitive decline with objective cognitive and functional performance in the participants of the preventing Alzheimer’s dementia with cognitive remediation plus transcranial direct current stimulation in mild cognitive impairment and depression randomized controlled trial (PACt-MD). Method: Three hundred six participants with MCI, and their informants, reported on cognitive decline; the participants also completed a comprehensive assessment of objective cognitive and functional performance. Based on the discrepancy between self-versus informant-report of cognitive decline, we grouped participants into categories of underestimators, congruent estimators, and overestimators. Results: Informant- but not self-reported cognitive decline significantly correlated with objective cognitive performance. There were 68 underestimators, 94 congruent estimators, and 144 overestimators. Underestimators had significantly lower objective cognitive performance and functional performance than congruent estimators and overestimators. Cognitive performance significantly predicted functional performance in all three groups, and the relationship between cognitive and functional performance was moderated by the discrepancy between self- and informant-report. Conclusions: We showed a poor concordance among self-report of cognitive decline and both informant-report of cognitive decline and cognitive performance in patients with MCI. Our findings highlight clinical and research value in the assessment and consideration of degree of discrepancy between self- and informant-reports of cognitive decline in MCI.
Revisiting the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression, again$$$ Following on from the publication of the Royal Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry Mood Disorder Clinical Practice Guidelines (2020) and criticisms of how these aberrantly addressed repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of depression, questions have continued to be raised in the journal about this treatment by a small group of authors, whose views we contend do not reflect the broad acceptance of this treatment nationally and internationally. In fact, the evidence supporting the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression is unambiguous and substantial, consisting of an extensive series of clinical trials supported by multiple meta-analyses, network meta-analysis and umbrella reviews. Importantly, the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression has also been subject to a series of health economic analyses. These indicate that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is a cost-effective therapy and have been used in some jurisdictions, including Australia, in support of public funding. An argument has been made that offering repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment may delay potentially effective pharmacotherapy. In fact, there is considerably greater danger of the opposite happening. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is as, if not more effective, than antidepressant medication after two unsuccessful medication trials and should be a consideration for all patients under these circumstances where available. There is no meaningful ongoing debate about the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression – it is a safe, effective and cost-effective treatment.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on physical and mental health in older adults with chronic musculoskeletal pain: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Purpose: We investigated the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with physical therapy (PT) on pain levels, physical activity levels, quality of life, and depression in older adults with chronic musculoskeletal pain. Methods: Twenty-five older adults (9 males and 16 females), aged between 66 and 86 years (active group 77.2 ± 3.9; sham group 76.6 ± 6.2), volunteers were randomly allocated in the active (active tDCS + PT) and sham groups (sham tDCS + PT), and received the intervention three times per week for 8 weeks. Pain level, physical activity level, depression state, and quality of life were assessed based on the Visual Analog Scale (VAS), Physical Activity Scale for the Elderly (PASE), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) scale, and Short-Form 36 Health Survey Questionnaire (SF-36), respectively. Measurements were conducted four times: at baseline, mid-intervention, post-intervention, and 1-month follow-up. Results: As a result, at 8 weeks, the active group yielded greater improvements in VAS, BDI, and SF-36 scores than the sham tDCS group. At follow-up, the tDCS group led to a greater improvement in VAS, PASE, and SF-36 scores compared to sham tDCS group (p < 0.05). Conclusion: Our results suggest a beneficial effect of tDCS combined with PT in older adults with chronic musculoskeletal pain in the reduction of pain sensation, increment of physical activity level, increment of the quality of life, and reduction of depression incidents. This opens the possibility the possibility of using tDCS as a regular treatment for this population’s physical and mental health.
Use of antidepressants in unipolar depression in the elderly$$$ Objectif: Connaître les modifications pharmacologiques liées au vieillissement dans l’épisode dépressif caractérisé unipolaire du sujet de plus de 65 ans et leur impact sur l'efficacité et le profil de risque des antidépresseurs. Méthode: Recherche sur Pubmed et Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews en utilisant les mots-clés « antidepressant », « late life depression », « elderly ». Résultats: Dans les essais cliniques, les antidépresseurs (toute classe confondue) ont démontré leur efficacité par rapport au placebo sur les critères de réponse et de rémission à un épisode dépressif caractérisé unipolaire de la personne âgée. Par ailleurs, les données cliniques semblent indiquer une efficacité dans la réponse de l’épisode dépressif post-accident vasculaire cérébral mais pas dans l’épisode dépressif des troubles neurocognitifs majeurs. Les antidépresseurs ont une efficacité incertaine dans la prise en charge de l’épisode dépressif caractérisé d'origine vasculaire. La prise en charge des facteurs de risque cardiovasculaires semble améliorer l’épisode dépressif. L'effet pro-cognitif des antidépresseurs n'est pas encore établi et les bénéfices sur l’évolution du trouble neurocognitif majeur n'est pas démontré. Il existe des modifications pharmacocinétiques et pharmacodynamiques liées à l’âge qui majorent les effets indésirables. Les comorbidités et co-prescriptions fréquentes du sujet âgé conduisent à un risque d'interactions médicamenteuses important. L’épisode dépressif caractérisé pharmaco-résistant est fréquent mais il existe des alternatives notamment non médicamenteuses. La kétamine et les psychostimulants semblent être des alternatives intéressantes mais des recherches supplémentaires sont nécessaires. Conclusions: L’épisode dépressif caractérisé unipolaire du sujet âgé est fréquent et présente des spécificités dans sa prise en charge médicamenteuse. Connaître les particularités de l'utilisation des antidépresseurs chez le sujet âgé permet d'optimiser l'efficacité et limiter le risque de prescriptions inappropriées aux effets iatrogènes délétères.
The impact of military sexual trauma and gender on receipt of evidence-based medication treatment among veterans with opioid use disorder$$$ Introduction: Opioid use disorder (OUD), a chronic illness associated with substantial morbidity and mortality, is common in veterans. Despite several national Department of Veteran Affairs (VA) initiatives over the last 15 years to increase access to medications to treat OUD (MOUD), MOUD remain underutilized. Women and veterans with mental health comorbidities are less likely to receive MOUD. The current study evaluated associations between military sexual trauma (MST), one common comorbidity among veterans, and receipt of MOUD among VA outpatients. We also evaluated whether gender moderated the MST-MOUD association and whether mental health conditions were associated with lower rates of MOUD across MST status. Methods: In a cross-sectional study using a national sample of 80,845 veterans with OUD who sought care at VA facilities from 2009 to 2017, we fit mixed-effects logistic regression models to assess the association between MST and MOUD, adjusting for demographic and clinical characteristics, and with facility modeled as a random effect. Secondary analyses added interaction terms of MST x gender and MST x mental health diagnoses and compared average predicted probabilities to evaluate whether the MST and MOUD association varied by gender or mental health diagnoses. The study used a p-value threshold of .001 to determine significance due to multiple comparisons and large sample size. Results: Overall, 35% of veterans with OUD received MOUD. MST (8.1% overall; 5.2% of men, 48.8% of women) was not significantly associated with receipt of MOUD in a fully adjusted model (OR = 1.08; 99% CI 1.00, 1.17). No significant MST x gender interaction (p = .377) and no significant MST x mental health interaction (p = .722) occurred. Conclusions: Both men and women veterans with and without a history of MST received MOUD treatment at similar rates. Room for improvement exists in MOUD receipt and future research should continue to assess barriers to MOUD receipt.
Machine Learning on Early Diagnosis of Depression$$$ To review the recent progress of machine learning for the early diagnosis of depression (major depressive disorder). The source of data was 32 original studies in the Web of Science. The search terms were “depression” (title) and “random forest” (abstract). The eligibility criteria were the dependent variable of depression, the interventions of machine learning (the decision tree, the naïve Bayesian, the random forest, the support vector machine and/or the artificial neural network), the outcomes of accuracy and/or the area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC) for the early diagnosis of depression, the publication year of 2000 or later, the publication language of English and the publication journal of SCIE/SSCI. Different machine learning methods would be appropriate for different types of data for the early diagnosis of depression, e.g., logistic regression, the random forest, the support vector machine and/or the artificial neural network in the case of numeric data, the random forest in the case of genomic data. Their performance measures reported varied within 60.1–100.0 for accuracy and 64.0–96.0 for the AUC. Machine learning provides an effective, non-invasive decision support system for early diagnosis of depression. Psychiatry Investig 2022;19(8):597-605.
Effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Combined With Exercising in People With Fibromyalgia: A Randomized Sham-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with exercising in people with fibromyalgia. Design: Randomized, triple-blind, sham-controlled, clinical trial. Setting: Primary health care center. Participants: A total of 120 volunteer participants (N=120) between 18 and 65 years old and diagnosed with fibromyalgia. Four participants dropped out of the study for causes unrelated to the intervention. Intervention: Participants were randomized into 3 groups (active tDCS+exercising, sham tDCS+exercising, no-intervention control). The intervention was delivered in 5 sessions over 2 weeks. Main Outcome Measures: Pain intensity and referred pain area after suprathreshold pressure stimulation. Results: Pain intensity further decreased in the active tDCS group vs control (mean, −14.43; 95% confidence interval, −25.27 to −3.58) at post intervention, unlike the sham tDCS group. Both tDCS groups did not achieve greater reductions in referred pain vs control. In the active tDCS group, health status (mean, −14.80; 95% confidence interval, −23.10 to −6.50) and pain catastrophizing (mean, −6.68, 95% confidence interval, −11.62 to −1.73) improved at post intervention, and so did health status (mean, −8.81; 95% confidence interval, −17.11 to −0.51), pain catastrophizing (mean, −7.00; 95% confidence interval, −12.13 to −1.87), and depression (mean, −3.52; 95% confidence interval, −6.86 to −0.19) after 1 month. In the sham tDCS group, improvements were recorded in health status (mean, −13.21; 95% confidence interval, −21.52 to −4.91) and depression (mean, −3.35; 95% confidence interval, −6.35 to −0.35) at post intervention and in health status (mean, −8.77; 95% confidence interval, −17.06 to −0.47), pain catastrophizing (mean, −5.68; 95% confidence interval, −10.80 to −0.55), and depression (mean, −3.98; 95% confidence interval, −7.31 to −0.64) after 1 month. No intergroup differences were observed between active and sham tDCS. Conclusions: Active and sham tDCS improved health status, pain catastrophizing, and depression vs control, but pain intensity decreased only in the active tDCS group.
Acceptability, safety and tolerability of antidepressant repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for adolescents: A mixed-methods investigation$$$ Objective: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is relatively common in adolescence, with far-reaching impacts. Current treatments frequently fail to alleviate depression severity for a substantial portion of adolescents. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may assist with this unmet clinical need. However, little is known about adverse events (AEs) experienced by adolescents receiving rTMS, subjective treatment experiences of adolescents and their parents, or treatment acceptability. Methods: Fourteen adolescents (16.5 years ± 1.2; 71.4% female) with MDD received 20 sessions of either high-frequency (10 Hz; n = 7) left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) or low-frequency (1 Hz; n = 7) right DLPFC rTMS. AEs were monitored at baseline and at weekly intervals via New York State Psychiatric Institute Side Effects Form for Children and Adolescents. Eight adolescents and nine parents participated in interviews regarding subjective treatment experience, analysed via content analysis. Results: Drowsiness and lethargy were common AEs, reported by 92.3% of participants in week one. Number of AEs decreased throughout treatment course (after 5 treatments: M = 11.23, SD = 5.00; after 20 treatments: M = 8.92, SD = 5.95). Thirty-five AEs emerged during treatment, most commonly transient dizziness. Frequency, severity, and number of AEs reported were equivalent between treatment groups. Treatment adherence and satisfaction were high. Qualitative findings identified three themes relating to rTMS experience: Preparation and connection; Physical experience of treatment; and Perceived role of treatment. Limitations: Sample size was small, therefore findings are preliminary. Conclusions: rTMS was an acceptable treatment for adolescent MDD, from both adolescents' and parents' perspectives, and was safe and well-tolerated, as AE frequency and type did not differ from rTMS treatment courses in adults.
Negative cognitive schema modification as mediator of symptom improvement after electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a potent option for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD). Cognitive models of depression posit that negative cognitions and underlying all-or-nothing negative schemas contribute to and perpetuate depressed mood. This study investigates whether ECT can modify negative schemas, potentially via memory reactivation, and whether such changes are related to MDD symptom improvement. Method: Seventy-two patients were randomized to either an emotional memory reactivation electroconvulsive therapy (EMR-ECT) or control memory reactivation electroconvulsive therapy (CMR-ECT) intervention prior to ECT-sessions in a randomized controlled trail. Emotional memories associated with patients' depression were reactivated before ECT-sessions. At baseline and after the ECT-course, negative schemas and depression severity were assessed using the Dysfunctional Attitude Scale (DAS) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale HDRS. Mediation analyses were used to examine whether the effects of ECT on HDRS-scores were mediated by changes in DAS-scores or vice versa. Results: Post-ECT DAS-scores were significantly lower compared to baseline. Post-ECT, the mean HDRS-score of the whole sample (15.10 ± 8.65 [SD]; n = 59) was lower compared to baseline (24.83 ± 5.91 [SD]). Multiple regression analysis showed no significant influence of memory reactivation on schema improvement. Path analysis showed that depression improvement was mediated by improvement of negative cognitive schemas. Conclusion: ECT is associated with improvement of negative schemas, which appears to mediate the improvement of depressive symptoms. An emotional memory intervention aimed to modify negative schemas showed no additional effect.
“Efficacy of intensive bilateral Temporo-Parietal Continuous theta-burst Stimulation for Auditory VErbal hallucinations (TPC-SAVE) in schizophrenia: A randomized sham-controlled trial”☆$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive tool that moderates specific brain regions to ameliorate auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH) in schizophrenia. Citing the critical involvement of temporoparietal cortex (TPC) in AVH, our study aimed to evaluate the effect of continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) targeting bilateral TPC in schizophrenia subjects with AVH, on a randomized rater blinded placebo control trial. 59 patients were randomly allocated to active and sham groups. They received 20 cTBS sessions (2 per day: first right TPC, then left TPC) 5 days a week for 2 weeks. PANSS (Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale), AVHRS (Auditory vocal hallucination rating scale), PSYRAT-AH (Psychiatric symptoms rating scale- Auditory hallucinations scale), CDSS (Calgary depression scale for schizophrenia), SCoRS (Schizophrenia cognition rating scale) and CGI-S (Clinical global impression-severity) were rated at baseline, immediately post 20th session and 2 weeks post-TBS. 50 patients (25-active, 25-sham) completed the study. Conducting an intention to treat analysis, we found a significant group*time effect for PANSS, AVHRS, PSYRAT-AH, CDSS, SCoRS, CGI-S but when controlled for confounding variables and multiple comparisons, only PANSS-PS (F=26.617, p < 0.001), PANSS-TOTAL (F=23.671, p < 0.001), AVHRS (F=17.779, p < 0.001), PSYRAT-AH (F=11.385, p < 0.001) and CGI-S (F=28.462, p < 0.001) retained significance. We conclude that cTBS over TPC is safe and has efficacy in treating AVH in schizophrenia. Limited sample size and lack of integrity assessment for blinding in the study participants are major limitations of the study.
High Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Improves Cognitive Performance Parameters in Patients with Alzheimer’s Disease – An Exploratory Pilot Study$$$ Background: Currently available medication for Alzheimer’s disease (AD) slows cognitive decline only temporarily but has failed to bring about long term positive effects. For this slowly progressive neurodegenerative disease, so far, no disease modifying therapy exists. Objective: The study aims to find out if non-pharmacologic non-invasive neuromodulatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may offer a new alternative or an add on therapeutic strategy against loss of cognitive functions. Methods: In this exploratory intervention study, safety and symptom development before and after frontopolar cortex stimulation (FPC) using intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) at 10 subsequent working days was monitored as add-on treatment in 28 consecutive patients with AD. Out of these, 10 randomly selected patients received sham stimulation as a control. Serum concentrations of neurotransmitter precursor amino acids, immune activation and inflammation markers, brain-derived neu-rotrophic factor (BDNF), and nitrite were measured. Results: Treatment was well tolerated, and no serious adverse effects were observed. Improvement of cognition was detected by an increase in Mini Mental State Examination score (MMSE; p<0.01, paired rank test) and also by an increase in a modified repeat address phrase test, part of the 6-item cognitive impairment test (p <0.01). A trend to increase the clock drawing test (CDT; p = 0.08) was also found in the verum treated group. Furtheron, in 10 of the AD patients with additional symptoms of depression treated with iTBS, a significant decrease in the HAMD-7 scale (p <0.01) and a trend to lower serum phenylalanine concentrations (p = 0.08) was seen. No changes in the parameters tested were found in the sham treated patients. Conclusion: Our preliminary results may indicate that iTBS is effective in the treatment of AD. Also a slight influence of iTBS on the metabolism of phenylalanine was found after 10 iTBS sessions. An impact of iTBS to influence the enzyme phenylalanine hydroxylase (PAH), as found in the previous series of treatment resistant depression, could not be seen in our first observational trial in 10 AD patients with comorbidity of depression. Longer treatment periods for several weeks in a higher number of AD patients with depression could cause more intense and disease modifying effects visible in different neurotransmitter concentrations important in the pathogenesis of AD.
Infralow-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation as a therapy for generalized anxiety disorder: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a common chronic mental disorder, and it also can cause depressive symptoms and cognitive impairment. The primary aim of this study was to determine whether inflow-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (ILF-TMS) improves anxiety symptoms in patients with GAD. Methods: Sixty-two patients with GAD were randomly divided into 2 groups. Thirty-one patients in the active ILF-TMS group and 31 patients in the sham ILF-TMS group. All participants were assessed at baseline, week 2, week 4 and week 12. The intention-to-treat methodology was used for the analysis. Results: The response rate was higher in the active group than in the sham group, with a significant difference at week 12 (response rate: 80.6% vs. 54.8%, respectively; P = 0.03). Although the remission rate was higher in the active group at week 12, there was no statistically significant difference between the groups (remission rate: 71.0% vs. 48.4%; P > 0.05). No statistically significant differences on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Clinical Global Impression scale, and neurocognitive test between groups were observed (overall P > 0.05). Adverse events that occurred in the active group were similar to those in the sham group, with no significant differences (P > 0.05). Conclusion: The response rate was higher in the active group at the end of the trial, which indicated that ILF-TMS may be an effective and safe adjunctive tool to improve anxiety symptoms in patients with GAD.
Brain stimulation and other biological non-pharmacological interventions in mental disorders: An umbrella review$$$ Background: The degree of efficacy, safety, quality, and certainty of meta-analytic evidence of biological non-pharmacological treatments in mental disorders is unclear. Methods: We conducted an umbrella review (PubMed/Cochrane Library/PsycINFO-04-Jul-2021, PROSPERO/CRD42020158827) for meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on deep brain stimulation (DBS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), electro-convulsive therapy (ECT), and others. Co-primary outcomes were standardized mean differences (SMD) of disease-specific symptoms, and acceptability (for all-cause discontinuation). Evidence was assessed with AMSTAR/AMSTAR-Content/GRADE. Results: We selected 102 meta-analyses. Effective interventions compared to sham were in depressive disorders: ECT (SMD=0.91/GRADE=moderate), TMS (SMD=0.51/GRADE=moderate), tDCS (SMD=0.46/GRADE=low), DBS (SMD=0.42/GRADE=very low), light therapy (SMD=0.41/GRADE=low); schizophrenia: ECT (SMD=0.88/GRADE=moderate), tDCS (SMD=0.45/GRADE=very low), TMS (prefrontal theta-burst, SMD=0.58/GRADE=low; left-temporoparietal, SMD=0.42/GRADE=low); substance use disorder: TMS (high frequency-dorsolateral-prefrontal-deep (SMD=1.16/GRADE=moderate), high frequency-left dorsolateral-prefrontal (SMD=0.77/GRADE=very low); OCD: DBS (SMD=0.89/GRADE=moderate), TMS (SMD=0.64/GRADE=very low); PTSD: TMS (SMD=0.46/GRADE=moderate); generalized anxiety disorder: TMS (SMD=0.68/GRADE=low); ADHD: tDCS (SMD=0.23/GRADE=moderate); autism: tDCS (SMD=0.97/GRADE=very low). No significant differences for acceptability emerged. Median AMSTAR/AMSTAR-Content was 8/2 (suggesting high-quality meta-analyses/low-quality RCTs), GRADE low. Discussion: Despite limited certainty, biological non-pharmacological interventions are effective and safe for numerous mental conditions. Results inform future research, and guidelines. Funding: None.
Influence of improved behavioral inhibition on decreased cue-induced craving in heroin use disorder: A preliminary intermittent theta burst stimulation study$$$ Background: Impaired behavioral inhibition is a critical factor in drug addiction and relapse. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) reduces the craving of heroin-addicted individuals for drug-related cues. However, it is unclear whether this technique also improves impaired behavioral inhibition and how improved behavioral inhibition affects craving. Objective: The intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) has been recently shown to be non-inferior relative to rTMS for depression. Here, we aim to investigate the effect of iTBS on heroin-addicted individuals' behavioral inhibition and cue-induced craving and the relationship between the alteration of behavioral inhibition and craving. Method: 42 of 56 initially recruited individuals with the heroin-use disorder in the abstinent-course treatment were randomized to undergo active or sham iTBS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and received three daily iTBS treatments for 10 consecutive days. We measured participants' performance during a two-choice oddball task (80% standard and 20% deviant trials) and heroin-related cue-induced craving before and immediately after treatment. Results: The group that received active iTBS showed significantly improved two-choice oddball task performance after 10 days of intervention compared to both pre-intervention and the group who received sham iTBS. Similarly, a significant reduction in cue-induced craving was observed after following the intervention in the active iTBS group but not the sham iTBS group. The moderation model indicated that iTBS categories play a significant moderating role in the relationship between accuracy cost changing and altered cue-induced craving. Conclusions: The iTBS treatment protocol positively affects behavioral inhibition in patients with heroin addiction. Improvements in behavioral inhibition can substantially reduce craving.
5-day multi-session intermittent theta burst stimulation over bilateral posterior superior temporal sulci in adults with autism-a pilot study$$$ Background: Theta burst stimulation (TBS), a patterned repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocol with shorter simulation duration and lower stimulus intensity, could be a better protocol for individuals with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Our study aimed to explore the impacts of intermittent TBS (iTBS) over the bilateral posterior superior temporal sulcus (pSTS) on intellectually able adults with ASD. Methods: In this randomized, single-blinded, sham-controlled crossover trial, 13 adults with ASD completed iTBS for 5 consecutive days over the bilateral pSTS and inion (as a sham control) in a 16-weeks interval and in a randomly assigned order. The neuropsychological function was measured with the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) for cognitive flexibility while the clinical outcomes were measured with both self-rate and parents-rate Autism Spectrum Quotient (AQ) before and after 5-day iTBS interventions. Results: The results revealed significantly immediate effects of multi-session iTBS over the bilateral pSTS on parent-rate autistic symptoms in adults with ASD. The post-hoc analysis revealed the impacts of multi-session iTBS on cognitive flexibility were affected by baseline social-communicative impairment and baseline cognitive performance. Besides, the impacts of multi-session iTBS on clinical symptoms was affected by the concurrent psychotropic medication use and baseline autistic symptoms. Conclusions: Given the caveat of the small sample size and discrepancy of multiple informants, this pilot study suggests the therapeutic potential of 5-day multi-session iTBS over the pSTS in adults with ASD. Individual factors modulating the response to rTMS should be explicitly considered in the future trial.
Neuromodulation of the Anterior Cingulate Cortex: A Systematic Review of Treatment Studies$$$ Objectives: Although cingulotomy has historically been a treatment option for intractable pain, there has been renewed interest in modulation of the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) for a variety of conditions, due to its unique position at the interface between the executive prefrontal centres and limbic structures. Here we summarize the emerging literature on neuromodulation of the ACC, emphasizing indications, outcomes and promising future applications. Methods: The systematic review was conducted in accordance with PRISMA guidelines, querying the MEDLINE database. The search strategy included key words in combination: “anterior cingulate cortex”, and “mental disorders” or “nervous system disease” or “psychiatric disorders”, and “deep brain stimulation” or “ablation” or “neurosurgery” or “neuromodulation”. Two independent reviewers screened abstracts, fulltext articles, and extracted data of interest. Results: The search resulted in 1128 studies and after screening 41 studies were eligible for inclusion. The quality of evidence of ranged from low-high with 31 case series, 4 case reports, 3 cohort studies, and 3 randomized controlled trials. The primary interventions were: 19 deep brain stimulation (DBS), 13 sole bilateral anterior cingulotomy, 7 bilateral anterior cingulotomy with additional lesion, and 2 repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Treatment indications included treatment-refractory: depression (19), obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) (11), pain (7), addiction (3), schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and anorexia (1 each). Described DBS targets rostral-caudal include: subgenual ACC (depression/schizophrenia), subcallosal cingulate white matter (anorexia), anterior cingulum (pain), rostral/dorsal interface (OCD) and dorsal ACC (addiction). Conclusions: The ACC represents a promising target in the treatment of challenging neuropsychiatric conditions. Prospective studies are needed to establish patient selection, efficacy and utility. Disclosures: none
Saffron and its active ingredients against human disorders: A literature review on existing clinical evidence$$$ Saffron, the stigmas of Crocus sativus L., has been mentioned extensively in the traditional reference texts as a herbal medicine. Many clinical trials have been conducted on this valuable herbal substance and its main constituents following numerous cellular and animal assessments. In the present review, we have collected almost all of these clinical studies to clarify how much knowledge has clinically been achieved in this field so far and which scientific gaps are needed to be filled by more studies. A comprehensive literature review was conducted through a two-round search. First, we performed a general search for identifying the human disorders against which saffron was studied. Then, we searched specifically for the combination of saffron keywords and each disease name. Scientific databases including Scopus, PubMed, and Web of science were used for this search. Studies were collected through electronic databases from their inception up to August 2021. The largest number of these clinical studies represent the investigations into saffron efficacy in different neurological and mental disorders, particularly depression. This substance has clinically revealed significant protective effects against various types of depression, age-related macular degeneration, and allergic asthma. In some cases, such as sexual dysfunction, cognitive and metabolic disorder, the effects of saffron are still clinically open to dispute, or there are limited data on its positive influences. Overall, saffron and its constituents have promising effects on human disorders; however, it needs more clinical evidence or meta-analyses to be confirmed.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for generalized anxiety and panic disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an FDA-approved, noninvasive modality for treating major depressive disorder and obsessive-compulsive disorder. Earlier studies evaluating therapeutic effects of rTMS on symptom scores of patients with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and panic disorder (PD) have yielded inconsistent findings. METHODS: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of interventional studies assessing the effect of rTMS on symptom scores in patients with GAD or PD with or without psychiatric comorbidities using studies published up to April 2021. We used DerSimonian-Laird random effects models to obtain pooled standardized mean difference (SMD) and 95% CI. RESULTS: A total of 13 studies consisting of 677 participants (404 treated with rTMS and 273 without rTMS) were included in this meta-analysis. In GAD patients with or without any comorbidities, rTMS therapy demonstrated significant improvements in anxiety (SMD = 1.45; P <.001) and depression (SMD = 1.65; P <.001) scores regardless of rTMS parameters. Overall anxiety (SMD = 0.24; P =.48) and panic severity (SMD = 1.19; P =.054) scores did not significantly improve after rTMS therapy in patients with PD. CONCLUSIONS: rTMS is safe and improves anxiety and depression scores only in GAD patients, regardless of underlying comorbidities or rTMS parameters.
Neurostructural Differences in Adolescents With Treatment-Resistant Depression and Treatment Effects of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Background: Despite its morbidity and mortality, the neurobiology of treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in adolescents and the impact of treatment on this neurobiology is poorly understood. Methods: Using automatic segmentation in FreeSurfer, we examined brain magnetic resonance imaging baseline volumetric differences among healthy adolescents (n=30), adolescents with major depressive disorder (MDD) (n=19), and adolescents with TRD (n=34) based on objective antidepressant treatment rating criteria. A pooled subsample of adolescents with TRD were treated with 6 weeks of active (n=18) or sham (n=7) 10-Hz transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Ten of the adolescents treated with active TMS were part of an open-label trial. The other adolescents treated with active (n=8) or sham (n=7) were participants from a randomized controlled trial. Results: Adolescents with TRD and adolescents with MDD had decreased total amygdala (TRD and MDD: −5%, P = .032) and caudal anterior cingulate cortex volumes (TRD: −3%, P = .030; MDD: −.03%, P = .041) compared with healthy adolescents. Six weeks of active TMS increased total amygdala volumes (+4%, P < .001) and the volume of the stimulated left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (+.4%, P = .026) in adolescents with TRD. Conclusions: Amygdala volumes were reduced in this sample of adolescents with MDD and TRD. TMS may normalize this volumetric finding, raising the possibility that TMS has neurostructural frontolimbic effects in adolescents with TRD. TMS also appears to have positive effects proximal to the site of stimulation.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Attentional Bias to Methamphetamine Cues and Its Association With EEG-Derived Functional Brain Network Topology$$$ Background: Although transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown to potentially mitigate drug craving and attentional bias to drug-related stimuli, individual differences in such modulatory effects of tDCS are less understood. In this study, we aimed to investigate a source of the inter-subject variability in the tDCS effects that can be useful for tDCS-based treatments of individuals with methamphetamine (MA) use disorder (IMUD). Methods: Forty-two IMUD (all male) were randomly assigned to receive a single-session of either sham or real bilateral tDCS (anodal right/cathodal left) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The tDCS effect on MA craving and biased attention to drug stimuli were investigated by quantifying EEG-derived P3 (a measure of initial attentional bias) and late positive potential (LPP; a measure of sustained motivated attention) elicited by these stimuli. To assess the association of changes in P3 and LPP with brain connectivity network (BCN) topology, the correlation between topology metrics, specifically those related to the efficiency of information processing, and the tDCS effect was investigated. Results: The P3 amplitude significantly decreased following the tDCS session, whereas the amplitudes increased in the sham group. The changes in P3 amplitudes were significantly correlated with communication efficiency measured by BCN topology metrics (r = −0.47, P =.03; r = −0.49, P =.02). There was no significant change in LPP amplitude due to the tDCS application. Conclusions: These findings validate that tDCS mitigates initial attentional bias, but not the sustained motivated attention, to MA stimuli. Importantly, however, results also show that the individual differences in the effects of tDCS may be underpinned by communication efficiency of the BCN topology, and therefore, these BCN topology metrics may have the potential to robustly predict the effectiveness of tDCS-based interventions on MA craving and attentional bias to MA stimuli among IMUD.
Effects of Emotion Dysregulation on Post-treatment Post-traumatic Stress Disorder and Depressive Symptoms Among Women Veterans With Military Sexual Trauma$$$ Military sexual trauma (MST), defined as sexual assault or repeated, threatening sexual harassment while in the military, is associated with increased risk of long-term mental and physical health problems, with the most common being symptoms of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and depression. In addition to PTSD and depression, MST is linked to difficulties in emotion regulation as well as poor treatment engagement. Thus, it is important to examine these correlates, and how they affect postintervention symptom reduction in this vulnerable population. The current study presents secondary data analyses from a randomized clinical trial comparing the efficacy of in-person versus telemedicine delivery of prolonged exposure therapy for female veterans with MST-related PTSD (n = 151). Results of the study found that changes in difficulties with emotion regulation predicted postintervention depressive symptoms but not postintervention PTSD symptoms. Neither postintervention depressive nor PTSD symptoms were affected by treatment dosing (i.e., number of sessions attended) nor treatment condition (i.e., in-person vs. telemedicine). Findings from the current study provide preliminary evidence that decreases in difficulties with emotion regulation during PTSD treatment are associated with decreases in depressive symptom severity.
Assessment of Noninvasive Brain Stimulation Interventions for Negative Symptoms of Schizophrenia: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis$$$ Importance: Negative symptoms have a detrimental impact on functional outcomes and quality of life in people with schizophrenia, and few therapeutic options are considered effective for this symptomatic dimension. Studies have suggested that noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) interventions may be effective in treating negative symptoms. However, the comparative efficacy of different NIBS protocols for relieving negative symptoms remains unclear. Objective: To compare the efficacy and acceptability of different NIBS interventions for treating negative symptoms. Data Sources: The ClinicalKey, Cochrane CENTRAL, Embase, ProQuest, PubMed, ScienceDirect, ClinicalTrials.gov, and Web of Science electronic databases were systematically searched from inception through December 7, 2021. Study Selection: A frequentist model network meta-analysis was conducted to assess the pooled findings of trials that evaluated the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), theta-burst stimulation, transcranial random noise stimulation, transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation, and transcranial direct current stimulation on negative symptoms in schizophrenia. Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) examining NIBS interventions for participants with schizophrenia were included. Data Extraction and Synthesis: The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-analyses (PRISMA) reporting guideline was followed. Data were independently extracted by multiple observers. The pair-wise meta-analytic procedures were conducted using a random-effects model. Main Outcomes and Measures: The coprimary outcomes were changes in the severity of negative symptoms and acceptability (ie, dropout rates owing to any reason). Secondary outcomes were changes in positive and depressive symptoms. Results: Forty-eight RCTs involving 2211 participants (mean [range] age, 38.7 [24.0-57.0] years; mean [range] proportion of female patients, 30.6% [0%-70.0%]) were included. Compared with sham control interventions, excitatory NIBS strategies (standardized mean difference [SMD]: high-definition transcranial random noise stimulation, -2.19 [95% CI, -3.36 to -1.02]; intermittent theta-burst stimulation, -1.32 [95% CI, -1.88 to -0.76]; anodal transcranial direct current stimulation, -1.28 [95% CI, -2.55 to -0.02]; high-frequency rTMS, -0.43 [95% CI, -0.68 to -0.18]; extreme high-frequency rTMS, -0.45 [95% CI, -0.79 to -0.12]) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with or without other inhibitory stimulation protocols in the contralateral regions of the brain were associated with significantly larger reductions in negative symptoms. Acceptability did not significantly differ between the groups. Conclusions and Relevance: In this network meta-analysis, excitatory NIBS protocols over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex were associated with significantly large improvements in the severity of negative symptoms. Because relatively few studies were available for inclusion, additional well-designed, large-scale RCTs are warranted..
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation as Treatment of Poststroke Depression A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Previous studies showed that the application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) during stroke rehabilitation improve the depression symptoms in poststroke depression (PSD). However, some studies showed inconsistent results. The study was designed to make a meta-analysis to evaluate the effect of noninvasive brain stimulation (tDCS and rTMS) on PSD. Methods: Articles published before July 2021 were searched in databases: PubMed, Web of Science, and Google Scholar. STATA 12.0 software was utilized to make meta-analysis. We extracted or calculated mean values and SD of reduction or increase rate of depression-related scales. Standardized mean difference (SMD) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs) were calculated as effect size. Results: The study showed increased immediate and long-term improvement in depression in rTMS group compared with sham rTMS group after treatment with random-effects models (immediate: SMD = 4.92, 95% CI = 2.69-7.15, I2 = 95.2%, P-value for Q test <0.001; long term: SMD = 7.21, 95% CI = 3.50-10.92, I2 = 93.9%, P-value for Q test <0.001). Meta-analysis showed increased substantially immediate improvement in depression in tDCS group compared with sham tDCS group with a random effect model (SMD = 5.30, 95% CI = 1.30-9.30, I2 = 97.3%, P-value for Q test <0.001). Conclusions: rTMS and tDCS were demonstrated to be effective and safe treatment techniques for PSD. More large-scale studies were essential to explore the effect of rTMS with different frequencies and tDCS on PSD.
Early Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Combined With Sertraline in Adolescents With First-Episode Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Adolescence is a period of high incidence for depression. However, there is a limited treatment option for the adolescent depression. For treatment-resistant major depressive disorder, HF-rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) appears therapeutically effective. The aim of the study is to explore the early effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with sertraline in adolescents with first-episode major depressive disorder. Methods: A total of 100 teenage patients with first-episode depression were randomly divided into the study groups. Both groups were treated with sertraline. In addition, the study group was treated with ten sessions of add-on rTMS. The control group was given sertraline only. The depressive symptom and cognitive function were assessed by the Hamilton depression rating scale 17 version (HAMD-17), Children’s Depression Rating Scale-Revised (CDRS-R), Integrated visual and auditory continuous performance test (IVA-CPT), and THINC-it. Results: The number of early improvers after 2 weeks of treatment in the study group was statistically significant higher compared to the control group (95.83% vs 73.47%, χ2 = 9.277, P = 0.002). There was significant difference observed in responder rates (62.50% vs. 28.57%, χ2 = 11.262, P = 0.001) or in remission rates (31.25% vs. 6.12%, χ2 = 10.130, P = 0.001) between the two groups at 4 weeks. The score of HAMD-17 and CDRS-R in the study group were significantly lower than the control group (Fgroup = 12.91 vs 10.21, P < 0.05). Attention Quotient (listening, visual and full-scale) attention quotient of IVA-CPT in the study group were higher than those in the control group after treatment, and the differences were statistically significant(P < 0.05). The study group showed higher score in Spotter than the control group after treatment (P < 0.05). Discussion: This is the most extensive blinded, randomized clinical study to date examining the efficacy of 10-Hz add-on rTMS for first-onset adolescent depression. Our results support that add-on rTMS accelerates the efficacy of the antidepressants, improving the depressive symptoms and cold cognitive function in first-episode adolescent depression. Clinical Trial Registration: [www.ClinicalTrials.gov], identifier [ChiCTR2100048534].
Rivastigmine for ECT-induced cognitive adverse effects in late life depression (RECALL study): A multicenter, randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, cross-over trial in patients with depression aged 55 years or older: Rationale, objectives and methods$$$ Background: Cognitive side-effects are an important reason for the limited use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Cognitive side-effects are heterogeneous and occur frequently in older persons. To date, insight into these side-effects is hampered due to inconsistencies in study designs and small sample sizes. Among all cognitive side-effects, confusion and delirious states are especially troublesome for patients, relatives and clinicians. In particular inter-ictal delirium-like states are worrisome, since they may lead to premature treatment discontinuation. Besides a need for further insight into determinants of cognitive side-effects of ECT, there is a great need for treatment options. Methods and design: The Rivastigmine for ECT-induced Cognitive Adverse effects in Late Life depression (RECALL) study combines a multicenter, prospective cohort study on older patients with depression, treated with ECT, with an embedded randomized, placebo-controlled cross-over trial to examine the effect of rivastigmine on inter-ictal delirium. Patients are recruited in four centers across the Netherlands and Belgium. We aim to include 150 patients into the cohort study, in order to be able to subsequently include 30 patients into the trial. Patients are included in the trial when inter-ictal delirium, assessed by the Confusion Assessment method (CAM), or a drop in Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) score of ≥4 during ECT, develops. In the cohort study, comprehensive measurements of ECT-related cognitive side-effects—and their putative determinants—are done at baseline and during the ECT-course. The primary outcome of the clinical trial is the effectiveness of rivastigmine on inter-ictal delirium-severity, assessed with a change in the Delirium Rating Scale-Revised-98. Secondary outcomes of the clinical trial are several ECT-characteristics and side-effects of rivastigmine. Discussion: This study is the first clinical trial with a focus on ECT-induced, inter-ictal delirium. The cohort provides the basis for recruitment of patients for the cross-over trial and additionally provides an excellent opportunity to unravel cognitive side-effects of ECT and identify putative determinants. This paper describes the rationale and study protocol. Clinical trial registration: EudraCT 2014-003385-24.
The Impact of Theta-Burst Stimulation on Cortical GABA and Glutamate in Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Surface-Based MRSI Analysis Approach$$$ Background: Theta burst stimulation (TBS) belongs to one of the biological antidepressant treatment options. When applied bilaterally, excitatory intermittent TBS (iTBS) is commonly targeted to the left and inhibitory continuous TBS (cTBS) to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. TBS was shown to influence neurotransmitter systems, while iTBS is thought to interfere with glutamatergic circuits and cTBS to mediate GABAergic neurotransmission. Objectives: We aimed to expand insights into the therapeutic effects of TBS on the GABAergic and glutamatergic system utilizing 3D-multivoxel magnetic resonance spectroscopy imaging (MRSI) in combination with a novel surface-based MRSI analysis approach to investigate changes of cortical neurotransmitter levels in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Methods: Twelve TRD patients (five females, mean age ± SD = 35 ± 11 years) completed paired MRSI measurements, using a GABA-edited 3D-multivoxel MEGA-LASER sequence, before and after 3 weeks of bilateral TBS treatment. Changes in cortical distributions of GABA+/tNAA (GABA+macromolecules relative to total N-acetylaspartate) and Glx/tNAA (Glx = mixed signal of glutamate and glutamine), were investigated in a surface-based region-of-interest (ROI) analysis approach. Results: ANCOVAs revealed a significant increase in Glx/tNAA ratios in the left caudal middle frontal area (pcorr. = 0.046, F = 13.292), an area targeted by iTBS treatment. Whereas, contralateral treatment with cTBS evoked no alterations in glutamate or GABA concentrations. Conclusion: This study demonstrates surface-based adaptions in the stimulation area to the glutamate metabolism after excitatory iTBS but not after cTBS, using a novel surface-based analysis of 3D-MRSI data. The reported impact of facilitatory iTBS on glutamatergic neurotransmission provides further insight into the neurobiological effects of TBS in TRD.
An Overview of Noninvasive Brain Stimulation: Basic Principles and Clinical Applications$$$ The brain has the innate ability to undergo neuronal plasticity, which refers to changes in its structure and functions in response to continued changes in the environment. Although these concepts are well established in animal slice preparation models, their application to a large number of human subjects could only be achieved using noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques. In this review, we discuss the mechanisms of plasticity induction using NIBS techniques including transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS), random noise stimulation (RNS), transcranial ultrasound stimulation (TUS), vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), and galvanic vestibular stimulation (GVS). We briefly introduce these techniques, explain the stimulation parameters and potential clinical implications. Although their mechanisms are different, all these NIBS techniques can be used to induce plasticity at the systems level, to examine the neurophysiology of brain circuits and have potential therapeutic use in psychiatric and neurological disorders. TMS is the most established technique for the treatment of brain disorders, and repetitive TMS is an approved treatment for medication-resistant depression. Although the data on the clinical utility of the other modes of stimulation are more limited, the electrical stimulation techniques (tDCS, tACS, RNS, VNS, GVS) have the advantage of lower cost, portability, applicability at home, and can readily be combined with training or rehabilitation. Further research is needed to expand the clinical utility of NIBS and test the combination of different modes of NIBS to optimize neuromodulation induced clinical benefits.
Theta-Burst Stimulation Combined With Virtual-Reality Reconsolidation Intervention for Methamphetamine Use Disorder: Study Protocol for a Randomized-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Craving associated with drug-related memory is one of the key factors that induce the relapse of methamphetamine (MA). Disruption or modulation of the reconsolidation of drug-related memory may serve as an option for clinical treatment of MA addiction. This protocol proposes to use virtual reality (VR) to retrieve drug-associated memory and then use transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) at the neural circuit that encodes the reward value of drug cues to provide a non-invasive intervention during reconsolidation. We aim to evaluate the effectiveness of TMS treatment after VR retrieval on the reduction of cue reactivity and craving of MA. Methods: This is a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, parallel group trial, targeting participants with MA use disorder aged from 18 to 45 years old. Forty-five eligible volunteers in Shanxi Drug Rehabilitation Center will be recruited and be randomly allocated into three parallel groups, receiving either 1) MA-related cues retrieval in VR combined with active TMS (MA VR scene + TBS) or 2) sham TMS (MA VR scene + sham TBS), or 3) neutral cues retrieval in VR combined with active TMS (neutral VR scene + TBS). Two sessions of post-VR-retrieval TBS will be scheduled on two separate days within 1 week. The primary outcome will detect the memory-related activity by the electroencephalography (EEG) reactivity to drug cues in VR scenes. Secondary outcomes are the self-reported MA craving in VR scene, the physiological parameter (cue-induced heart rate) and the scores of psychological questionnaires including anxiety, depression, and mood. All primary and secondary outcomes will be assessed at baseline, 1-week, and 1-month post-intervention. Assessments will be compared between the groups of 1) MA VR scene + TBS, 2) MA VR scene + sham TBS and 3) neutral VR scene + TBS. Discussion: This will be the first study to examine whether the TMS modulation after VR retrieval can reduce self-reported craving and drug-related cue reactivity. It will promote the understanding of the neural circuit mechanism of the reconsolidation-based intervention and provide an effective treatment for MA use disorder patients. Clinical Trial Registration: [Chinese Clinical Trial Registry], identifier [ChiCTR1900026902]. Registered on 26 October 2019.
The evidence is in: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is an effective, safe and well-tolerated treatment for patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Despite more than 25 years of research establishing the antidepressant efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, there remains uncertainty about the depth and breadth of this evidence base, resulting in confusion as to where repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation fits in the therapeutic armamentarium in the management of patients with mood disorders. The purpose of this article is to provide a concise description of the evidence base supporting the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the context of the stages of research that typically accompanies the development of evidence for a new therapy. The antidepressant efficacy for the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression has been established through a relatively traditional pathway beginning with small case series, progressing to single-site clinical trials and then to larger multisite randomised double-blind controlled trials. Antidepressant effects have been confirmed in numerous meta-analyses followed more recently by large network meta-analysis and umbrella reviews, with evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation may have greater efficacy than alternatives for patients with treatment-resistant depression. Finally, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has been shown to produce meaningful response and remission rates in real-world samples of greater than 5000 patients. The evidence for the antidepressant efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy is overwhelming, and it should be considered a routine part of clinical care wherever available.
Therapeutic Plasma Exchange in Pediatric Patients With Sinusoidal Obstruction Syndrome/Veno-Occlusive Disease After Hematopoietic Stem Cell Transplantation: A Single-Center Experience$$$ Objectives: Sinusoidal obstruction syndrome/venoocclusive disease is a significant complication of hematopoietic stem cell transplantation. Due to high mortality rates, new treatment strategies have been investigated. Here, we have presented outcomes of therapeutic plasma exchange performed on patients with sinusoidal obstruction syndrome/veno-occlusive disease. Materials and Methods: Our study included 70 pediatric patients diagnosed with sinusoidal obstruction syndrome/veno-occlusive disease. Therapeutic plasma exchange procedures in patients were evaluated retrospectively. Results: There were 9 mild (12.9%), 9 moderate (12.9%), 21 severe (30%), and 31 very severe (44.2%) cases of sinusoidal obstruction syndrome/venoocclusive disease. Therapeutic plasma exchange was performed in 31 of the 70 study patients (59.6%). Moreover, 10/21 patients with severe (47.6%) and 21/31 patients with very severe (67.7%) disease underwent plasma exchange. Mean time from diagnosis of sinusoidal obstruction syndrome/venoocclusive disease to therapeutic plasma exchange initiation was 2.3 days. The 31 patients who received therapeutic plasma exchange had a total of 146 sessions. Overall survival rates at 100 days were 87.1% and 92.3% for patients who did and did not undergo therapeutic plasma exchange, respectively. When patients with mild and moderate disease who were not expected to undergo plasma exchange were excluded (n = 52), 100-day overall survival rates were 87.1% and 90.5% for those who did and did not undergo plasma exchange, respectively. When we compared severe versus very severe groups, no significant difference was found. Conclusions: Plasmapheresis had no positive effect on survival. However, overall survival in all groups was higher than that in the literature, despite the high number of patients with severe and very severe disease. Interpretation of the results is limited by the retrospective nature of the study. Thus, prospective, randomized controlled trials with larger numbers of patients are necessary to investigate the role of therapeutic plasma exchange in patients with sinusoidal obstruction syndrome/veno-occlusive disease.
High-frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) Accelerates onset Time of Beneficial Treating Effects and Improves Clinical Symptoms of Depression$$$ Background: In recent years, more and more patients with depression demonstrate suicidal intention and suicidal behavior. Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treating depression with suicidal ideation. Methods: Eighty-nine depression patients with suicide intention were administrated drugs combined with four weeks of Active rTMS (n=40) or sham (n=49) rTMS treatment. The 24-item Hamil-ton Depression Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-24) and Self-rating Idea of Suicide Scale (SIOSS) were used to evaluate suicide risk and depression severity at baseline, weeks 2 and 4. A 25% reduction in HAMD-24 score from baseline was defined as treatment response. More than a 20% reduction in HAMD-24 score from baseline within the first 2 weeks of treatment was defined as an early improvement. Results: No statistical significance was found for baseline sociodemographic and illness charac-teristics between the two groups (P >0.05). There was a significant difference for HAMD-24 and SIOSS scores between the two groups at weeks 2 and 4. Active rTMS group demonstrated a more significant score reduction compared to the Sham rTMS group at weeks 2 and 4. There was a significantly greater number of patients with early improvement observed in the Active rTMS group compared to those in the Sham rTMS group at weeks 2 (P <0.05). There was a significant difference in responder rates between the two groups at weeks 4 for HAMD-24 scores (P <0.05). Conclusion: rTMS could accelerate the onset time of beneficial treating effects and improve clinical symptoms of depression. During the treatment course, cognitive disorder, sleep disorder, anxie-ty/somatization, retardation, and hopelessness symptoms were improved dramatically, and suicidal ideation was reduced.
Disentangling cognitive inflexibility in major depressive disorder: A transcranial direct current stimulation study$$$ Background: Cognitive dysfunction is a persistent residual symptom in major depressive disorders (MDDs) that hinders social and occupational recovery. Cognitive inflexibility is a typical cognitive dysfunction in MDD and refers to difficulty in switching tasks, which requires two subcomponents: forgetting an old task and adapting to a new one. Here, we aimed to disentangle the subcomponents of cognitive inflexibility in MDD and investigate whether they can be improved by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the prefrontal cortex. Methods: The current study included 20 patients with MDD (seven females) and 22 age-matched healthy controls (HCs) (seven females). The participants received anodal tDCS on either the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) or dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in a crossover design. Before and after the application of tDCS, the participants performed a modified Wisconsin Card Sorting Test, in which the task-switching rules were explicitly described and proactive interference from a previous task rule was occasionally released. Results: We found that the behavioral cost of a task switch was increased in patients with MDD, but that of proactive interference was comparable between patients with MDD and HCs. The response time for anodal DMPFC tDCS was decreased compared with that for anodal tDCS on the DLPFC in MDD. Conclusions: These findings suggest that cognitive inflexibility in MDD is primarily explained by the difficulty to adapt to a new task and environment, and that tDCS on the DMPFC improves behavioral performance during cognitively demanding tasks that require conflict resolution.
No add-on effect of tDCS on fatigue and depression in chronic stroke patients: A randomized sham-controlled trial combining tDCS with computerized cognitive training$$$ Background: Fatigue and emotional distress rank high among self-reported unmet needs in life after stroke. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may have the potential to alleviate these symptoms for some patients, but the acceptability and effects for chronic stroke survivors need to be explored in randomized controlled trials. Methods: Using a randomized sham-controlled parallel design, we evaluated whether six sessions of 1 mA tDCS (anodal over F3, cathodal over O2) combined with computerized cognitive training reduced self-reported symptoms of fatigue and depression. Among the 74 chronic stroke patients enrolled at baseline, 54 patients completed the intervention. Measures of fatigue and depression were collected at five time points spanning a 2 months period. Results: While symptoms of fatigue and depression were reduced during the course of the intervention, Bayesian analyses provided evidence for no added beneficial effect of tDCS. Less severe baseline symptoms were associated with higher performance improvement in select cognitive tasks, and study withdrawal was higher in patients with more fatigue and younger age. Time-resolved symptom analyses by a network approach suggested higher centrality of fatigue items (except item 1 and 2) than depression items. Conclusion: The results reveal no add-on effect of tDCS on fatigue or depression but support the notion of fatigue as a relevant clinical symptom with possible implications for treatment adherence and response.
Self-administration of Psilocybin in the Setting of Treatment-resistant Depression$$$ Background: Patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder (MDD) who fail to respond to two or more antidepressants are often considered to have treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Many of the current options for TRD have significant side effect profiles, are expensive, and are difficult to access. There has been a revival of psychedelic research in recent years that shows promising results in the treatment of TRD. Case Presentation: Here, the case of a 43-year-old man with TRD is presented. TRD symptoms were greatly interfering with his life. He underwent psychological testing, lab work, adequate trials of numerous medications, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), and electroconvulsive therapy, all without adequate relief of his symptoms. The patient began self-administering a microdosing regimen of psilocybin and experienced significant improvement of MDD symptoms, as characterized by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). Discussion: In recent years, multiple randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) have shown the benefit of psilocybin in the treatment of varying types of depression. One trial evaluated psilocybin and escitalopram as treatments for depression, and psilocybin was found to be superior. Conclusion: This case suggests the possible benefit of psilocybin in the setting of TRD, as outlined in recent research. Additional research is needed to confirm these observations.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation promotes response inhibition in patients with major depression during the stop-signal task$$$ Background: Response inhibition (RI) deficit is an aspect of cognitive impairment in depressed individuals, but currently no effective treatment has been established. This study aimed to explore the effect of individualized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC)-nucleus accumbens (NAcc) network on RI in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: Fourty-four patients diagnosed with MDD were randomized to receive 15 once-daily sessions of active (10 Hz, 100% of resting motor threshold) or sham rTMS within a double-blind, sham-controlled trial. We measured the efficacy of rTMS by the improvements in behavioral and neurological manifestations during the stop-signal task. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 items (HAMD-17) was used to assess depressive symptoms. We analyzed the differences in RI performance between MDD patients and 30 healthy controls (HCs) at baseline and assessed whether MDD patients who completed rTMS treatment had comparable RI ability to HCs. Results: At baseline, the depressed patients showed longer stop-signal response time (SSRT), smaller P3 amplitudes, and weaker theta-band power in successful stop trials (SSTs) than HCs. The active group exhibited RI ability comparable to that of HCs after rTMS treatment, but the improvements were not significant in the sham group. The active group showed significant remission in depression symptoms post-treatment compared to the sham group, and the changes in P3 amplitudes and theta-band power during SSTs were negatively correlated with the decrease of HAMD-17 scores. Conclusion: The depressed patients have impaired RI and treatment with the individualized rTMS protocol may be an effective approach.
The Efficacy and Safety of Deep Brain Stimulation of Combined Anterior Limb of Internal Capsule and Nucleus Accumbens (ALIC/NAcc-DBS) for Treatment-Refractory Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: Protocol of a Multicenter, Randomized, and Double-Blinded Study$$$ Backgrounds: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an emerging and promising therapeutic approach for treatment-refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). The most common DBS targets include the anterior limb of internal capsule (ALIC) and nucleus accumbens (NAcc). This protocol aims to explore the efficacy and safety of the combined ALIC- and NAcc-DBS for treatment-refractory OCD. Methods: We will recruit 64 patients with refractory OCD from six centers, randomly allocate them to active and sham-stimulation groups through a three-month double-blind phase, then enter a three-month open-label phase. In the open-label stage, both groups experience real stimulation. Outcome measures: The primary outcome will be the efficacy and safety of combined ALIC- and NAcc-DBS, determined by treatment response rate between the active and sham-stimulation groups at the double-blind stage and spontaneously reported adverse events. The secondary outcomes are comparisons of change in Y–BOCS, CGI, HAMD, and HAMA scores at the third and sixth months compared to baseline between the active and sham-control groups, as well as the scores of the third month minus the sixth month between the two groups.
Efficacy and Safety of Transcranial Electric Stimulation during the Perinatal Period: A Systematic Literature Review and Three Case Reports$$$ Introduction: The perinatal period is an at-risk period for the emergence or decompensation of psychiatric disorders. Transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) is an effective and safe treatment for many psychiatric disorders. Given the reluctance to use pharmacological treatments during pregnancy or breastfeeding, tES may be an interesting treatment to consider. Our study aims to evaluate the efficacy and safety of tES in the perinatal period through a systematic literature review followed by three original case reports. Method: Following PRISMA guidelines, a systematic review of MEDLINE and ScienceDirect was undertaken to identify studies on tES on women during the perinatal period. The initial research was conducted until 31 December 2021 and search terms included: tDCS, transcranial direct current stimulation, tACS, transcranial alternating current stimulation, tRNS, transcranial random noise stimulation, pregnancy, perinatal, postnatal, and postpartum. Results: Seven studies reporting on 33 women during the perinatal period met the eligibility criteria. No serious adverse effects for the mother or child were reported. Data were limited to the use of tES during pregnancy in patients with schizophrenia or unipolar depression. In addition, we reported three original case reports illustrating the efficacy and safety of tDCS: in a pregnant woman with bipolar depression, in a pregnant woman with post-traumatic stress disorder (sham tDCS), and in a breastfeeding woman with postpartum depression. Conclusions: The results are encouraging, making tES a potentially safe and effective treatment in the perinatal period. Larger studies are needed to confirm these initial results, and any adverse effects on the mother or child should be reported. In addition, research perspectives on the medico-economic benefits of tES, and its realization at home, are to be investigated in the future.
Effect of cerebellum stimulation on cognitive recovery in patients with Alzheimer disease: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Evidence indicates that the cerebellum is involved in cognitive processing. However, the specific mechanisms through which the cerebellum repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) contributes to the cognitive state are unclear. Methods: In the current randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial, 27 patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD) were randomly allotted to one of the two groups: rTMS-real or rTMS-sham. We investigated the efficacy of a four-week treatment of bilateral cerebellum rTMS to promote cognitive recovery and alter specific cerebello-cerebral functional connectivity. Results: The cerebellum rTMS significantly improves multi-domain cognitive functions, directly associated with the observed intrinsic functional connectivity between the cerebellum nodes and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), medial frontal cortex, and the cingulate cortex in the real rTMS group. In contrast, the sham stimulation showed no significant impact on the clinical improvements and the cerebello-cerebral connectivity. Conclusion: Our results depict that 5 Hz rTMS of the bilateral cerebellum is a promising, non-invasive treatment of cognitive dysfunction in AD patients. This cognitive improvement is accompanied by brain connectivity modulation and is consistent with the pathophysiological brain disconnection model in AD patients.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of 3 cortical targets is no more effective than placebo as treatment for fibromyalgia: A double-blind sham-controlled clinical trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the primary motor cortex (M1) and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex seem to improve pain and other symptoms of fibromyalgia (FM), although the evidence on the effectiveness of tDCS and the optimal stimulation target is not robust enough. Our main objective was to establish the optimal area of stimulation, comparing the 2 classical targets and a novel pain-related area, the operculo-insular cortex, in a sham-controlled trial. Using a double-blind design, we randomly assigned 130 women with FM to 4 treatment groups (M1, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, operculo-insular cortex, and sham), each receiving fifteen 20-minute sessions of 2 mA anodal tDCS over the left hemisphere. Our primary outcome was pain intensity. The secondary outcomes were the other core symptoms of FM (fatigue, mood, cognitive and sleep disorders, and hyperalgesia measured by the pressure pain threshold). We performed the assessment at 3 time points (before, immediately after treatment, and at 6 months follow-up). The linear mixed-model analysis of variances showed significant treatment effects across time for clinical pain and for fatigue, cognitive and sleep disturbances, and experimental pain, irrespective of the group. In mood, the 3 active tDCS groups showed a significantly larger improvement in anxiety and depression than sham. Our findings provide evidence of a placebo effect, support the use of tDCS for the treatment of affective symptoms, and challenge the effectiveness of tDCS as treatment of FM.
Comparative Analysis of the Effects of Escitalopram, Pramipexole, and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Depression in Patients with Parkinson Disease: An Open-Label Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective This study aimed to compare the effects of different antidepressant therapies on depression in patients with Parkinson disease (PD) and to provide a reference for clinical treatment. Methods A total of 328 patients with idiopathic PD were selected consecutively. Subjects met Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disease, Fourth Edition, criteria for a depressive disorder, or operationally defined subsyndromal depression, and scored greater than 17 on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD-17). One hundred thirty-one patients with PD accompanied with depression were enrolled into the experimental group. The subjects were randomly divided into 4 groups, and 118 were eventually completed: routine treatment group (n = 29), routine treatment + escitalopram group (n = 29), routine treatment + pramipexole group (n = 31), and routine treatment + transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) group (n = 29). After 4 weeks of treatments, the efficacy of each treatment was evaluated using HAMD score and reduction rate. Results After 4 weeks of treatment, the HAMD score was used for pair-to-pair comparison between the 4 groups. The therapeutic efficiency of escitalopram, pramipexole, and repetitive TMS was superior to routine anti-PD treatment, and the differences were statistically significant (P < 0.05). There was no statistical difference between escitalopram and pramipexole, but all of them were superior to rTMS. Further logistic regression analysis suggested that 50% reduction in HAMD score from baseline was associated with the treatment method. Among them, escitalopram had statistical significance (P < 0.05). Conclusions Escitalopram, pramipexole, and high-frequency TMS had better efficacy in patients with PD complicated with depression. At 4 weeks, escitalopram showed better antidepressant effects and improved patients' quality of life and did not worsen motor function.
Comparison of the Effect of Propofol and Sodium Thiopental on Serum Levels of IL-23 and IL-17 after Electroconvulsive Therapy in Major Depression$$$ Background: Major depression disorder (MDD) is related to changes in immune function. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is used in patients with MDD and is performed under general anesthesia. This study aimed to compare the effect of propofol and sodium thiopental on serum levels of interleukin-23 (IL-23) and interleukin-17 (IL-17) after ECT in MDD. Materials and Methods: This descriptive study was conducted on 62 patients with major depression treated with ECT. They were randomly divided into the propofol and sodium thiopental groups. The serum concentrations of IL-23 and IL-17 were measured using the ELISA method before ECT (T0), 30 min after ECT (T1), and 5 hours after ECT (T2). Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics and Chi-square tests, independent t-test, one-way ANOVA, and repeated measures. Results: There were no significant differences between propofol and sodium thiopental groups regarding the serum levels of IL-23 and IL-17 (p>0.05). The trend of serum levels of IL-17 and IL-23 was not significant over time (p>0.05). Conclusion: The choice of propofol or sodium thiopental for anesthesia in patients with MDD receiving ECT is not different regarding short-term effects on serum IL-23 and IL-17 levels.
Atracurium as an Alternative to Succinylcholine in Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) is a successful treatment option for various psychiatric disorders. It is performed under general anesthesia where succinylcholine is the preferred muscle relaxant in this process. However its several contraindications and potential adverse effects, and the fact that it is not always available should be considered. Therefore, finding an effective and safe alternative is crucial. Objectives: This study aims to assess the safety and efficacy of atracurium in ECT. Materials & Methods: This single-blind clinical trial was conducted at Shafa hospital affiliated to Guilan University of Medical Sciences from November 2020 to April 2021. Participants were 67 eligible patients with ECT, randomly assigned into two groups receiving succinylcholine (0.5 mg/ kg), and atracurium (0.2 mg/kg). Seizure duration, hemodynamic parameters, the time to return to spontaneous breathing, and recovery time were assessed and compared between the two groups. Results: Seizure duration was longer in the succinylcholine group (P=0.071), while the time to return to spontaneous breathing (P=0.0001) and the recovery time (P=0.0001) were significantly longer in the atracurium group. The trend of changes in the Mean Arterial Pressure (MAP) and Heart Rate (HR) were significant over time; however, the difference between the two groups was significant only in HR one minute after the seizure induction (P=0.001). None of patients was reported serious adverse effects. Conclusion: When succinylcholine can't be used, atracurium can be a safe alternative in the ECT process
Brazilian practice guidelines for stroke rehabilitation: part II$$$ The Brazilian Practice Guidelines for Stroke Rehabilitation - Part II, developed by the Scientific Department of Neurological Rehabilitation of the Brazilian Academy of Neurology (Academia Brasileira de Neurologia, in Portuguese), focuses on specific rehabilitation techniques to aid recovery from impairment and disability after stroke. As in Part I, Part II is also based on recently available evidence from randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, meta-analyses, and other guidelines. Part II covers disorders of communication, dysphagia, postural control and balance, ataxias, spasticity, upper limb rehabilitation, gait, cognition, unilateral spatial neglect, sensory impairments, home rehabilitation, medication adherence, palliative care, cerebrovascular events related to severe acute respiratory syndrome coronavirus 2 (SARS-CoV-2) infection, the future of stroke rehabilitation, and stroke websites to support patients and caregivers. Our goal is to provide health professionals with more recent knowledge and recommendations for better rehabilitation care after stroke.
Effectiveness of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Managing Fibromyalgia: A Systematic Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: In fibromyalgia, central sensitization is a key mechanism, and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been reported to potentially manage symptoms of fibromyalgia. In this meta-analysis, we evaluated the therapeutic effect of rTMS in patients with fibromyalgia according to stimulation locations and follow-up time points. Methods: We searched the MEDLINE, Cochrane, Embase, Scopus, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature, and Web of Science databases for articles published from January 1, 1990, to August 26, 2021, including randomized controlled studies investigating the effectiveness of rTMS on managing fibromyalgia. Results: In total, 10 articles and 299 participants were included. High-frequency rTMS on the left primary motor cortex (Lt. M1) had a significant effect on pain reduction immediately and 1-4 weeks after the end of the session but had no significant effect after 5-12 weeks. Additionally, after high-frequency rTMS sessions on the Lt. M1, the effect on patients' quality of life appeared late at 5-12 weeks of follow-up. In contrast, high-frequency rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (Lt. DLPFC) did not reduce pain from fibromyalgia. The effect on controlling the affective problem was not observed after rTMS treatment on either the Lt. M1 or the Lt. DLPFC. Conclusions: High-frequency rTMS had a positive pain-reducing effect immediately and at 1-4 weeks after completion of the rTMS sessions, and the patients' quality of life improved after 5-12 weeks. However, Lt. DLPFC stimulation was not effective in controlling fibromyalgia symptoms.
Long-Term Prophylactic Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Improves Clinical Outcomes in Migraineurs with Allodynia$$$ Background and aims: Migraine is a common and substantially debilitating disorder that may associate with allodynia, a marker of central sensitization in the pain circuits and which is an indicator of drug resistance and chronicity. Several unmet needs like limited adherence to drugs due to adverse events and cost-effectivity still occur in the prophylactic treatment of migraine. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has recently been indicated to be beneficial in migraineurs. There are no studies, however, evaluating the efficacy of 6-month tDCS in migraine so far. Methods: In this randomized double-blind sham-controlled study, three consecutive sessions of 2 mA 20-minute tDCS over the left primary motor cortex every month for 6 months were applied to a total of 23 migraineurs with allodynia. Migraine features, allodynia, depression, anxiety, and disability due to migraine were assessed. Results: Improvements in allodynia levels (p = 0.007), attack frequency (p = 0.034), number of rescue medications (p = 0.003), attack duration (p = 0.001) were higher, and mostly gradual during the trial, in the active group. And also higher responder rates of attack frequency (56.8% vs 25%; p = 0.012), the number of headache days (56% vs 16.7%; p = 0.012) and attack duration (90.9% vs 8.3%; p = 0.01) were observed. MIDAS grades were also lower in the active group (p = 0.005), whereas no between-group differences were found in depression and anxiety scores. Conclusion: Long-term tDCS comes forward as a safe, efficacious and plausible modality for the prophylactic treatment in migraineurs with allodynia.
Scoping review of interventions to improve quality of life in heart failure (HF) patients with depression in a clinical setting$$$ Introduction: To systematically review of existing pharmacological and psychotherapeutic therapies to improve quality of life (QoL) in heart failure (HF) population with depressive symptoms, using well- validated assessment tools. Methods: 44 empirical qualitative and quantitative research articles, i.e. randomised controlled trials (RCTs), meta- analyses and systematic reviews, looking at safety and efficacy of pharmacological and non- pharmacological interventions along with potential adverse effects in this cohortwith New York Heart Association class (NYHA) ranging fromI- IV was reviewed. The preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and Meta- analyses guidelines (PRISMA) were used for data extraction. Results: The findings of the literature have been divided into the following three intervention categories: somatic treatments (antidepressants and electroconvulsive therapies), and psychotherapies (coping skills therapy, such as cognitive behavioural therapies, e-health programmes, i.e. web-based moderated discussion forum (WBDF)/ internet-based cognitive behavioural therapy (ICBT), exercise training, and combination of both, education programme, collaborative care, and finally innovative interventions, consisting of mindful-based intervention, Tai chi, Functional electrical stimulation (FES) and spiritual religious intervention. These interventions were assessed by Health related quality of life (HR Qol) diagnostic assessment tools, i.e. Montgomery-Asberg and Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), Minnesota Living with Heart Failure Questionnaire (MLHFQ) and Kansas City Cardiomyopathy Questionnaire (KCCQ), with P =<0.01. Patients Health Questionnaire (PHQ), with p< 0.01, was incorporated to assess patients functional status. The results of NYHA class correlate significantly with HR-QoL scores. Conclusion: Evidence shows impressive outcomes of psychotherapeutic approaches, indicating improvement of NYHA class and quality of life in this cohort. Clinicians should encourage the assessment of HR-QoL, to assist in better comprehension of individual physiological need to better tailor these interventions within target group with specific constellations of symptoms, and further support.
Feasibility of Cognitive Training in Combination With Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in a Home-Based Context (TrainStim-Home): study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Introduction With the worldwide increase of life expectancy leading to a higher proportion of older adults experiencing age-associated deterioration of cognitive abilities, the development of effective and widely accessible prevention and therapeutic measures has become a priority and challenge for modern medicine. Combined interventions of cognitive training and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have shown promising results for counteracting age-associated cognitive decline. However, access to clinical centres for repeated sessions is challenging, particularly in rural areas and for older adults with reduced mobility, and lack of clinical personnel and hospital space prevents extended interventions in larger cohorts. A home-based and remotely supervised application of tDCS would make the treatment more accessible for participants and relieve clinical resources. So far, studies assessing feasibility of combined interventions with a focus on cognition in a home-based setting are rare. With this study, we aim to provide evidence for the feasibility and the effects of a multisession home-based cognitive training in combination with tDCS on cognitive functions of healthy older adults. Methods and analysis The TrainStim-Home trial is a monocentric, randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Thirty healthy participants, aged 60-80 years, will receive 2 weeks of combined cognitive training and anodal tDCS over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (target intervention), compared with cognitive training plus sham stimulation. The cognitive training will comprise a letter updating task, and the participants will be stimulated for 20 min with 1.5 mA. The intervention sessions will take place at the participants' home, and primary outcome will be the feasibility, operationalised by two-thirds successfully completed sessions per participant. Additionally, performance in the training task and an untrained task will be analysed. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval was granted by the ethics committee of the University Medicine Greifswald. Results will be available through publications in peer-reviewed journals and presentations at national and international conferences. Trial registration number NCT04817124.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-seeking subjects with cocaine use disorder: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Cocaine use disorder (CUD) is a chronic and relapsing brain disorder with no approved treatments. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown promising results in open label and single-blind studies, reducing cocaine craving and consumption. Although, large randomized, double-blind, controlled trials are still missing. Objective: This multi-center, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study was designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of multiple sessions of active rTMS compared to sham stimulation in patients with CUD. Methods: rTMS (15 Hz, 2 daily sessions for 5 days/week,for a total of 20 stimulation sessions) was delivered over the left DLPFC for two weeks of continuous treatment followed by 12 weeks of maintenance (1 day/week, twice a day), in a double-blind, randomized sham-controlled design. Our primary outcomes included self-reported cue-induced craving and cocaine consumption, as measured by percentage of negative urine tests. Our secondary outcomes included: 1) changes in depressive symptoms; 2) changes in cocaine withdrawal symptoms; and 3) changes in self-reported days of cocaine use. Results: Forty-two outpatients with CUD were enrolled in the active rTMS group and 38 patients in the sham group. We observed a significant decrease in self-reported cue-induced cocaine craving and consumption in both the active rTMS and sham, whereas no main effect of treatment was found. However, the active rTMS group showed greater changes in depressive symptoms. The improvement on depressive symptomatology was particularly marked among patients receiving a total number of rTMS sessions greater than 40 and those reporting more severe depressive symptoms at baseline. Conclusions: A significant improvement of CUD symptoms during active rTMS treatment was observed. However, we did not observe significant differences in cocaine craving and consumption between treatment groups, highlighting the complexity of factors contributing to CUD maintenance. A significant improvement in depressive symptoms was observed in favour of the active group. Clinical trial registration details:clinicaltrials.govidentifierNCT03333460
Efficacy and tolerability of Brain Stimulation interventions in Borderline Personality Disorder: state of the art and future perspectives – A systematic review$$$ Treating Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) is a major challenge for psychiatrists. As Brain Stimulation represents an alternative approach to treat psychiatric disorders, our systematic review is the first to focus on both invasive and Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation (NIBS) interventions in people living with BPD, examining clinical effects over core features and comorbid conditions. Following PRISMA guidelines, out of 422 original records, 24 papers were included regarding Deep Brain Stimulation (n = 1), Electroconvulsive therapy (n = 5), Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (n = 13) and transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (n = 5). According to impulsivity and emotional dysregulated domain improvements, NIBS in BPD appears to restore frontolimbic network deficiencies. NIBS seems also to modulate depressive features. Safety and tolerability profiles for each technique are discussed. Despite encouraging results, definitive recommendations on Brain Stimulation in BPD are mitigated by protocols heterogeneity, lack of randomized controlled trials and poor quality of included studies, including high risk of methodological biases. To serve as guide for future systematic investigations, protocols optimization proposals are provided, focusing on alternative stimulation sites and suggesting a NIBS symptom-based approach.
High-definition transcranial direct current stimulation combined with antidepressants in the treatment of major depressive disorder with anxious distress: a pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective To explore the efficacy, adverse reactions, and feasibility of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation(HD-tDCS) treating major depressive disorder (MDD) patients with anxious distress. Methods Sixty cases of MDD with anxious distress admitted to Zhenjiang Mental Health Center were recruited as participants. All patients were allocated into either the active treatment group or the sham group based on the random number table method. HD-tDCS was utilized in both groups to stimulate the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the basis of conventional antidepressant treatment. In the active group, 2mA current stimulation was used for 20 min, and in the sham group, a 30-sceond stimulation was adopted at the beginning and the end of the stimulation. Participants in both group were treated once a day, five times a week for two consecutive weeks. Anxiety and depression symptoms of the patients were assessed respectively by the Hamilton depression scale(HAMD17), the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale(MARDS), the Hamilton Anxiety Scale(HAMA), and the Beck Anxiety Inventory(BAI) at the baseline, 2nd, 4th, and the 6th weekend of the treatment. The differences between active treatment and sham groups were analyzed by repetitive measure analysis of variance and simple effect analysis. Fisher′s exact probability test was used to compare the effective rate, remission rate and adverse reaction rate between the two groups. Results (1) The interaction of times and groups was significant in HAMD17(F=3.29, P<0.05) and BAI(F=2.99, P<0.05). In all measurement instruments, the main effects of groups(F=4.40-7.94) and times(F=35.42-247.59) were significant(P<0.05).(2) Findings from the simple effect analysis showed that: there were no significant differences in the scores of HAMD17 at baseline and the 2nd assessment between the two groups. Similarly, no significant differences were found in BAI at baseline, the 2nd and the 6th weekend of the treatment between two groups(P>0.05). (3) The scores of HAMD17 at the 4th and the 6th week, BAI at the 4th weekend of the treatment in the active group were significantly lower than that in the sham group(P<0.05).(4) At the 4th weekend of the treatment, the active group had a remission rate of 16/20 and a response rates of 19/20, which were higher than 9/19 and 13/19, respectively, in the sham group(P<0.05). Also, the remission rate (18/20) in the active group was higher than that in the sham group(11/19) at the 6th weekend of the treatment. (P<0.05). As for the response rates, differences were not found between the two groups at the 6th weekend of the treatment. (5) The overall dropout rate had no significant differences in-between(P>0.05). As for the safety outcome, the rate of adverse events(e.g., itching, tingling and headache) showed no significant differences between the two groups. Additionally, no severe adverse events or mania was reported. Conclusions This study indicated that HD-tDCS has significant efficacy and high safety in the treatment among MDD patient with anxious distress. Nevertheless, further large sample clinical studies are warranted to confirm the findings of the current investigation.
Inflammatory Cytokines Changed in Patients With Depression Before and After Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment$$$ Studies have found that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation rTMS can produce antidepressant effects by affecting inflammatory cytokines in patients with depression, which plays a key role in the therapeutic mechanism of antidepressants. This study aimed to explore the changes in inflammatory cytokine levels in patients with depression after 4 weeks of rTMS treatment to determine the possible antidepressant mechanism of rTMS. This prospective, double-blind, pseudo-stimulus-controlled study was conducted, and a total of 57 patients with depression and 30 healthy controls were recruited. Patients were randomly divided into the active rTMS (n = 29) and sham rTMS groups (n = 28). The Hamilton Depression Scale was used to evaluate depressive symptoms and their severity. The serum levels of seven inflammatory cytokines were measured using enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay. Inflammatory cytokines include high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (CRP-hc); tumor necrosis factor (TNF-α); interferon (IFN-γ); interleukin-2 (IL-2); interleukin-4 (IL-4); interleukin-6 (IL-6); and interleukin-8 (IL-8). At baseline, TNF-α (F = 36.699, p < 0.001), IFN-γ (F = 8.907, p < 0.001), IL-4 (F = 66.256, p < 0.001), and IL-2 (F = 9.162, p < 0.001) levels in the depression group were significantly different from those of healthy controls. In the self-control analysis of the active rTMS group, the levels of IL-2 and CRP-hc increased significantly after 2 and 12 weeks of treatment. In the sham-rTMS group, IFN-γ increased after 2 and 12 weeks of treatment. Our results revealed that the changes in inflammatory cytokines after rTMS treatment showed different patterns compared to the sham group, suggesting that the antidepressant effect of rTMS may be related to changes in inflammatory cytokines.
A Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Targeting M1 and S2 in Central Poststroke Pain: A Pilot Trial$$$ Objectives: Central poststroke pain (CPSP), a neuropathic pain condition, is difficult to treat. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeted to the primary motor cortex (M1) can alleviate the condition, but not all patients respond. We aimed to assess a promising alternative rTMS target, the secondary somatosensory cortex (S2), for CPSP treatment. Materials and Methods: This prospective, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled three-arm crossover trial assessed navigated rTMS (nrTMS) targeted to M1 and S2 (10 sessions, 5050 pulses per session at 10 Hz). Participants were evaluated for pain, depression, anxiety, health-related quality of life, upper limb function, and three plasticity-related gene polymorphisms including Dopamine D2 Receptor (DRD2). We monitored pain intensity and interference before and during stimulations and at one month. A conditioned pain modulation test was performed using the cold pressor test. This assessed the efficacy of the descending inhibitory system, which may transmit TMS effects in pain control. Results: We prescreened 73 patients, screened 29, and included 21, of whom 17 completed the trial. NrTMS targeted to S2 resulted in long-term (from baseline to one-month follow-up) pain intensity reduction of ≥30% in 18% (3/17) of participants. All stimulations showed a short-term effect on pain (17–20% pain relief), with no difference between M1, S2, or sham stimulations, indicating a strong placebo effect. Only nrTMS targeted to S2 resulted in a significant long-term pain intensity reduction (15% pain relief). The cold pressor test reduced CPSP pain intensity significantly (p = 0.001), indicating functioning descending inhibitory controls. The homozygous DRD2 T/T genotype is associated with the M1 stimulation response. Conclusions: S2 is a promising nrTMS target in the treatment of CPSP. The DRD2 T/T genotype might be a biomarker for M1 nrTMS response, but this needs confirmation from a larger study.
Combining Trauma Script Exposure With rTMS to Reduce Symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder: Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Innovative therapeutic interventions for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are required. We opted to facilitate fear extinction by combining trauma script exposure with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to reduce symptoms of PTSD. Objective: The efficacy and safety of 10 Hz rTMS of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex simultaneously with exposure to personal traumatic narrative were studied in patients with PTSD. Materials and Methods: This trial was a single-center randomized controlled trial (NCT02584894). Patients were randomly assigned 1:1 to receive eight daily sessions of 110% of motor threshold high frequency (HF) 10 Hz rTMS (110% HF rTMS) or 70% low frequency (LF) 1 Hz rTMS (70% LF rTMS) with trauma script exposure in both groups. Severity of PTSD, depression, and anxiety were assessed before and after study treatment (one month, three months) by an assessor masked to the trial group assignment. The primary outcome was the severity of PTSD assessed by the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS). We used mixed linear regression models for statistical comparisons. Results: Thirty-eight patients (65.8% females) were randomly assigned to 110% HF rTMS (n = 18, 31.3 ± 10.0 years, 13 females) or 70% LF rTMS (n = 20, 33.5 ± 11.1 years, 12 females). From baseline to three months, mean CAPS scores decreased by 51% in the 110% HF rTMS group (from 83.7 ± 14.4 to 41.8 ± 31.9) and by 36.9% in the 70% LF rTMS group (from 81.8 ± 15.6 to 51.6 ± 23.7), but with no significant difference in improvement (time by treatment interaction −3.61 [95% confidence interval (CI), −9.70 to 2.47]; p = 0.24; effect size 0.53). One serious adverse event occurred during the study (psychogenic nonepileptic seizure). Conclusion: We found no evidence of difference in clinical improvement or remission rates between the 110% HF and 70% LF stimulation. These findings may reflect the importance of exposure procedure and that larger number of participants is needed.
Heart Rate Variability Features as Predictors of Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation Response in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ Background: Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is associated with autonomic dysfunction as indicated by deficits in the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems. These abnormalities are expressed as elevated heart rate and reduced heart rate variability (HRV), respectively. Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), a form of transcranial magnetic stimulation, has demonstrated effectiveness in PTSD. Nevertheless, it remains unclear whether HRV may be an iTBS biomarker for PTSD and whether iTBS impacts autonomic activity. Materials and Methods: Fifty veterans with PTSD participated in a randomized controlled trial, receiving ten daily sessions of sham-controlled iTBS (right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, 1800 pulses/day, 80% active motor threshold, 9.5 min). With a usable dataset (N = 47), HRV parameters were assessed as predictors of clinical response immediately after stimulation. iTBS effects on autonomic response (mean RR interval, root mean square of successive differences [RMSSD], total power [TP], and low-frequency/high-frequency [LF/HF] ratio) were evaluated using an ultra-short approach. Results: TP and RMSSD were significant predictors of acute clinical response to iTBS. Individuals with higher TP had better response to iTBS with improved symptoms on the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale (rs = −0.58, p = 0.004), and higher functionality on the Social and Occupational Function Scale (rs = 0.43, p = 0.04). Similarly, higher RMSSD was associated with superior outcomes (rs = −0.44, p = 0.04). No other significant changes in HRV metrics were observed (p ≥ 0.05). Conclusions: Our findings indicate that autonomic activity is a potential low-cost and technically simple predictive biomarker of iTBS response in PTSD. Less autonomic dysfunction was associated with superior clinical improvements with iTBS. Future studies might consider HRV acquisition during iTBS, as well as prospective testing of these findings in patients with elevated hyperarousal.
Parkinson and depression: review and outlook$$$ Depression in Parkinson’s Disorder (DPD) has been estimated to appear in up to 40% of people with PD and negatively impacts quality of life, motor and cognitive deficits and functional disability. Knowledge of the pathophysiology of DPD is unclear, DPD may be related to dysfunction in subcortical nuclei and the prefrontal cortex, striatal–thalamic–prefrontal and basotemporal limbic circuits, brainstem monoamine, and indolamine (i.e. dopamine, serotonin, and norepinephrine) systems. DPD is characterized by sadness, loss of interest, increased exhaustibility, feelings of helplessness, reduced drive, dysphoria, irritability, and pessimism about future. The diagnosis is complicated by overlap with PD symptoms, Detection of depression in PD should be made by psychometric depression scales. DPD is underrecognized and undertreated in clinical practice. Treatment mainly includes antidepressive medications and behavioral interventions as psychotherapy. Dopamine agonists showed some antidepressant effects, there are no sufficient numbers of RCTs. Important randomized clinical trials (RCTs) are summarized. SSRIs and SNRIs have a satisfying efficacy in DPD. TCAs are also good for improving depression. Side effects of different antidepressants (e.g. TCAs, SSRIs, SNRIs, bupropion, MAOIs) and potential interactions should be considered. In existing guidelines so far no statements, algorithms and recommendations are given for diagnosis and treatment of DPD. Methodologically adequate designed RCTs and comparative studies (NIS) which offer evidence-based results are urgently needed having the impact of DPD in mind.
Randomised controlled cognition trials in remitted patients with mood disorders published between 2015 and 2021: A systematic review by the International Society for Bipolar Disorders Targeting Cognition Task Force$$$ Background: Cognitive impairments are an emerging treatment target in mood disorders, but currently there are no evidence-based pro-cognitive treatments indicated for patients in remission. With this systematic review of randomised controlled trials (RCTs), the International Society for Bipolar Disorders (ISBD) Targeting Cognition Task force provides an update of the most promising treatments and methodological recommendations. Methods: The review included RCTs of candidate pro-cognitive interventions in fully or partially remitted patients with major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder. We followed the procedures of the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) 2020 statement. Searches were conducted on PubMed/MEDLINE, PsycInfo, EMBASE and Cochrane Library from January 2015, when two prior systematic reviews were conducted, until February 2021. Two independent authors reviewed the studies with the Revised Cochrane Collaboration's Risk of Bias tool for Randomised trials. Results: We identified 16 RCTs (N = 859) investigating cognitive remediation (CR; k = 6; N = 311), direct current or repetitive magnetic stimulation (k = 3; N = 127), or pharmacological interventions (k = 7; N = 421). CR showed most consistent cognitive benefits, with two trials showing improvements on primary outcomes. Neuromodulatory interventions revealed no clear efficacy. Among pharmacological interventions, modafinil and lurasidone showed early positive results. Sources of bias included small samples, lack of pre-screening for objective cognitive impairment, no primary outcome and no information on allocation sequence masking. Conclusions: Evidence for pro-cognitive treatments in mood disorders is emerging. Recommendations are to increase sample sizes, pre-screen for impairment in targeted domain(s), select one primary outcome, aid transfer to real-world functioning, investigate multimodal interventions and include neuroimaging.
Efficacy of neurostimulation across mental disorders: systematic review and meta-analysis of 208 randomized controlled trials$$$ Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS), including transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), is a potentially effective treatment strategy for a number of mental conditions. However, no quantitative evidence synthesis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of TMS or tDCS using the same criteria including several mental conditions is available. Based on 208 RCTs identified in a systematic review, we conducted a series of random effects meta-analyses to assess the efficacy of NIBS, compared to sham, for core symptoms and cognitive functioning within a broad range of mental conditions. Outcomes included changes in core symptom severity and cognitive functioning from pre- to post-treatment. We found significant positive effects for several outcomes without significant heterogeneity including TMS for symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder (SMD = −1.8 (95% CI: −2.6 to −1), and tDCS for symptoms of substance use disorder (−0.73, −1.00 to −0.46). There was also significant effects for TMS in obsessive-compulsive disorder (−0.66, −0.91 to −0.41) and unipolar depression symptoms (−0.60, −0.78 to −0.42) but with significant heterogeneity. However, subgroup analyses based on stimulation site and number of treatment sessions revealed evidence of positive effects, without significant heterogeneity, for specific TMS stimulation protocols. For neurocognitive outcomes, there was only significant evidence, without significant heterogeneity, for tDCS for improving attention (−0.3, −0.55 to −0.05) and working memory (−0.38, −0.74 to −0.03) in individuals with schizophrenia. We concluded that TMS and tDCS can benefit individuals with a variety of mental conditions, significantly improving clinical dimensions, including cognitive deficits in schizophrenia which are poorly responsive to pharmacotherapy.
The effect of acute intermittent hypoxia on human limb motoneurone output$$$ New Findings: What is the central question of this study? Does a single session of repeated bouts of acute intermittent hypoxic breathing enhance the motoneuronal output of the limb muscles of healthy able-bodied participants? What is the main finding and its importance? Compared to breathing room air, there were some increases in motoneuronal output following acute intermittent hypoxia, but the increases were variable across participants and in time after the intervention and depended on which neurophysiological measure was checked. Abstract: Acute intermittent hypoxia (AIH) induces persistent increases in output from rat phrenic motoneurones. Studies in people with spinal cord injury (SCI) suggest that AIH improves limb performance, perhaps via postsynaptic changes at cortico-motoneuronal synapses. We assessed whether limb motoneurone output in response to reflex and descending synaptic activation is facilitated after one session of AIH in healthy able-bodied volunteers. Fourteen participants completed two experimental days, with either AIH or a sham intervention (randomised crossover design). We measured H-reflex recruitment curves and homosynaptic post-activation depression (HPAD) of the H-reflex in soleus, and motor evoked potentials (MEPs) evoked by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and their recruitment curves in first dorsal interosseous. All measurements were performed at rest and occurred at baseline, 0, 20, 40 and 60 min post-intervention. The intervention was 30 min of either normoxia (sham, (Formula presented.) ≈ 0.21) or AIH (alternate 1-min hypoxia [(Formula presented.) ≈ 0.09], 1-min normoxia). After AIH, the H-reflex recruitment curve shifted leftward. Lower stimulation intensities were needed to evoke 5%, 50% and 99% of the maximal H-reflex at 40 and 60 min after AIH (P < 0.04). The maximal H-reflex, recruitment slope and HPAD were unchanged after AIH. MEPs evoked by constant intensity TMS were larger 40 min after AIH (P = 0.027). There was no change in MEP recruitment or the maximal MEP. In conclusion, some measures of the evoked responses from limb motoneurones increased after a single AIH session, but only at discrete time points. It is unclear to what extent these changes alter functional performance.
The Possible Application of Ketamine in the Treatment of Depression in Alzheimer’s Disease$$$ Depression is a leading cause of disability globally, with a prevalence of 3.8% among the whole population, 5% of the adult population, and 5.7% of the elderly population over 60 years of age. There is evidence that depression is linked to certain neurodegenerative diseases, one being Alzheimer’s disease (AD). The efficacy of conventional antidepressants to treat depression in AD is conflicting, especially regarding selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). A recent systemic review and meta-analysis of 25 randomized controlled trials including fourteen antidepressant medications showed no high efficacy in treating AD patients’ symptoms. However, ketamine, a nonselective N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist, can mediate a wide range of pharmacological effects, including neuroprotection, anti-inflammatory and anticancer properties, multimodal analgesia, and treatment of depression, suicidal attempts, and status epilepticus. Esketamine, which is ketamine formulated as a nasal spray, was approved by the Federal Drug Administration (FDA) in March 2019 as an adjuvant drug to treat treatment-resistant depression. NMDA receptor antagonists treat AD through offsetting AD-related pathological stimulation of subtypes of glutamate receptors in the central nervous system. Recent clinical findings suggest that ketamine may provide neuroprotection and reduce neuropsychiatric symptoms associated with AD. In the present investigation, we evaluate the potential role of ketamine and its postulated mechanism in AD management.
Brain and spinal cord paired stimulation coupled with locomotor training affects polysynaptic flexion reflex circuits in human spinal cord injury$$$ Neurorecovery from locomotor training is well established in human spinal cord injury (SCI). However, neurorecovery resulting from combined interventions has not been widely studied. In this randomized clinical trial, we established the tibialis anterior (TA) flexion reflex modulation pattern when transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the primary motor cortex was paired with transcutaneous spinal cord (transspinal) stimulation over the thoracolumbar region during assisted step training. Single pulses of TMS were delivered either before (TMS-transspinal) or after (transspinal-TMS) transspinal stimulation during the stance phase of the less impaired leg. Eight individuals with chronic incomplete or complete SCI received at least 20 sessions of paired stimulation during assisted step training. Each session consisted of 240 paired stimuli delivered over 10-min blocks for 1 h during robotic-assisted step training with the Lokomat6 Pro®. Body weight support, leg guidance force and treadmill speed were adjusted based on each participant’s ability to step without knee buckling or toe dragging. Both the early and late TA flexion reflex remained unaltered after TMS-transspinal and locomotor training. In contrast, the early and late TA flexion reflexes were significantly depressed during stepping after transspinal-TMS and locomotor training. Reflex changes occurred at similar slopes and intercepts before and after training. Our findings support that targeted brain and spinal cord stimulation coupled with locomotor training reorganizes the function of flexion reflex pathways, which are a part of locomotor networks, in humans with varying levels of sensorimotor function after SCI. Trial registration number NCT04624607; Registered on November 12, 2020.
Personalizing Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Parameters for Depression Treatment Using Multimodal Neuroimaging$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a tool that can be used to administer treatment for neuropsychiatric disorders such as major depressive disorder, although the clinical efficacy is still rather modest. Overly general stimulation protocols that consider neither patient-specific depression symptomology nor individualized brain characteristics, such as anatomy or structural and functional connections, may be the cause of the high inter- and intraindividual variability in rTMS clinical responses. Multimodal neuroimaging can provide the necessary insights into individual brain characteristics and can therefore be used to personalize rTMS parameters. Optimal coil positioning should include a three-step process: 1) identify the optimal (indirect) target area based on the exact symptom pattern of the patient; 2) derive the cortical (direct) target location based on functional and/or structural connectomes derived from functional and diffusion magnetic resonance imaging data; and 3) determine the ideal coil position by computational modeling, such that the electric field distribution overlaps with the cortical target. These TMS-induced electric field simulations, derived from anatomical and diffusion magnetic resonance imaging data, can be further applied to compute optimal stimulation intensities. In addition to magnetic resonance imaging, electroencephalography can provide complementary information regarding the ongoing brain oscillations. This information can be used to determine the optimal timing and frequency of the stimuli. The heightened benefits of these personalized stimulation approaches are logically reasoned, but speculative. Randomized clinical trials will be required to compare clinical responses from standard rTMS protocols to personalized protocols. Ultimately, an optimized clinical response may result from precision protocols derived from combinations of personalized stimulation parameters.
Effect of Ipsilateral, Contralateral or Bilateral Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Patients with Lateralized Tinnitus: A Placebo-Controlled Randomized Study$$$ The relative benefit of ipsilateral, contralateral, and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for tinnitus treatment remains unclear, especially for patients with lateralized tinnitus. In this study, we compared outcomes after 10 sessions of 1‐Hz rTMS at 110% of resting motor threshold over a two‐week period. In total, 104 right‐handed patients with lateralized subjective tinnitus were randomly divided into four groups according to rTMS treatment: Left (n = 29), Right (n = 23), Bilateral (n = 30), and Sham stimulation (n = 22). Outcomes included estimates of tinnitus severity, psychological state, and psychoacoustic measures. Patients with left‐ or rightsided tinnitus were similarly distributed across treatment groups. There were no significant changes in outcome measures for the Right or Sham treatment groups. For the Left and Bilateral groups, tinnitus severity was significantly lower after treatment (p < 0.05). The reduction in tinnitus severity was largest for ipsilateral treatment in the Left group. The overall response rate was 56.1% for the Left group, 46.7% for the Bilateral group, 8.3% for the Right group, and 8.3% for the Sham group. For the Left and Bilateral groups, the response rate was larger for patients with left‐ than right‐sided tinnitus. Changes in tinnitus severity were best predicted by changes in anxiety, depression, and the loudness of the tinnitus. The results suggests that rTMS on the left temporoparietal cortex is more effective for patients with left‐sided than with right‐sided tinnitus.
Effectiveness of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Fibromyalgia Patients Responding to a First Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Induction Course After Six Months of Maintenance Treatment: A Randomized Pilot-Controlled Study$$$ Background: Fibromyalgia is a chronic painful condition without real, effective treatment. The administration of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to have a therapeutic effect on pain, but there are still questions about the maintenance of its effect over time. Continuation of the treatment upon clinical response through maintenance sessions is promising and merits further exploration. Materials and Methods: We conducted a randomized, parallel-group, controlled study involving 78 patients to evaluate the effect of rTMS vs sham stimulation after a three-week induction treatment and six months of maintenance treatment (three-week periodicity) on 22 patients who presented a clinical response to the induction treatment. The clinical response was defined as a ≥30% decrease of the baseline visual analog scale (VAS) for pain and a score for the Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC) >5. The clinic global impression, fibromyalgia impact questionnaire, symptom severity score, and Beck's depression inventory were also studied. Results: A significant clinical response to treatment with rTMS was observed after the induction phase and maintained over six months, particularly as measured by the PGIC parameter of pain, as well as of the intensity of fatigue and depression, with an absence of adverse effects induced by this method. Conclusion: A three-week rTMS treatment, characterized by a reduction in pain, as evaluated by VAS, should be continued with the administration of rTMS maintenance sessions for an additional six months to maintain the best possible long-term effects.
The Effect of Non‐Invasive Brain Stimulation on the Downregulation of Negative Emotions: A Meta‐Analysis$$$ (1) Background: Emotion regulation (ER) is regarded as a core treatment target for depression and other mental illnesses. In recent years, non‐invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) has been ex-tensively used as an intervention for mental illnesses, but there has been no systematic review conducted regarding its effect on emotion regulation. Therefore, we conducted a meta‐analysis of the effectiveness of NIBS for emotion regulation; (2) Methods: Systematic searches were conducted in Embase, Web of Science, PubMed, and Cochrane Library. We analyzed the effects of NIBS on tasks assessing emotion regulation using a random‐effects model, and further explored the moderating role of the following factors on transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) studies by conducting subgroup analyses and meta‐regression: target electrode placement, return electrode placement, current intensity, target electrode size, and duration of intervention; (3) Results: A total of 17 studies were included. Our meta‐analysis indicated a small but significant effect of NIBS on the downreg-ulation of negative emotions. Separate analyses indicated that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) had a medium and significant effect on the downregulation of negative emotions, whereas tDCS had no significant effect. Subgroup analyses showed that the effect of tDCS was mod-erated by target and return electrode placemen; (4) Conclusions: These results indicate that NIBS had a positive effect on the downregulation of negative emotions. The stimulation protocols should be carefully considered and the underlying mechanisms should be further explored.
Accelerated iTBS changes perfusion patterns in medication resistant depression$$$ Accelerated intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (aiTBS) is a new non-invasive brain stimulation protocol developed to rapidly treat medication resistant depression (MRD). However, to examine potential neurobiological changes only few sham-controlled studies combining pre/post treatment measures and brain imaging data are available. Consequently, with this Arterial Spin Labeling (ASL) brain imaging study, we investigated in 45 antidepressant-free MRD patients whether clinical improvement following aiTBS treatment applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (Trial registration: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT01832805) would be associated with specific changes in brain perfusion patterns. We primarily expected frontolimbic perfusion changes following active and not sham aiTBS. Our ASL brain imaging findings showed that active aiTBS resulted in prompt perfusion increases in functionally connected brain regions such as the ventromedial prefrontal cortex and the right inferior parietal lobule. We also observed decreased perfusion in the left parahippocampal gyrus and the right posterior cerebellar lobe after active aiTBS. On the other hand, sham aiTBS resulted in right angular perfusion decreases, an area known to be involved in placebo responses. Overall, our perfusion findings indicate that active aiTBS treatment promptly affects brain regions functionally and structurally connected to the stimulated area and known to be part of deregulated brain circuits when clinically depressed. Placebo responses may be part of the clinical effects of accelerated ITS protocols. Our current results further shed light on how accelerated rTMS treatment protocols may promptly improve depressive symptoms in MRD.
ID:15775 Use of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Treatment-Resistant Depression in MU Health Care: Effectiveness and Outcome$$$ Introduction: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) received FDA approval in 2008 for major depressive disorder. Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) is a newer form of TMS in which the magnetic pulses are applied in bursts. Intermittent theta burst(iTBS) is a type of TBS protocol where 2 seconds of stimulation is applied followed by an 8-second pause. This study was completed to determine the efficacy and safety of iTBS protocol in managing patients with treatment-resistant depression in a clinical setting. Methods: 79 patients aged ≥ 18 were treated with iTBS for a maximum of 36 sessions. A Magventure Magpro X100 TMS machine was used. The coil was positioned over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and patients were treated at 120% of their motor threshold, with a 3 min intermittent theta-burst protocol. All patients in the study had failed at least two antidepressants and psychotherapy. Results: Out of 79 patients,14 could not complete the treatment. 65 patients were thus included in the study (chart 2). Of these,48 patients (73%) of the patients responded to the treatment (QIDS or PHQ9 score reduction >50%), and among them, 31 patients (47%) achieved remission, defined as a score of ≤4 on the PHQ9 or QIDS ( chart 1). 17 of the 65 patients who did not respond to iTBS protocol were switched to 20 min. About 60.7% of patients reported headaches as the most common side effects. Conclusion: Our response, remission rate, and tolerability data are comparable to previous randomized controlled studies of iTBS for major depression. iTBS is safe and has shown positive outcomes in patients with treatment-resistant depression. Disclosure: Muaid Ithman, MD: None, Geetha Chandrashekar, MD: None, Meelie Bordoloi, MD: None [Formula presented] [Formula presented] [Formula presented]
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Shows Longitudinal Improvements in Memory in Patients With Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Background: Cognitive dysfunction (CD) is a commonly reported symptom of major depressive disorder (MDD). Patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) tend to experience greater rates of CD; however, treatment options are limited. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective in treating affective symptoms in patients with TRD, but its potential effect on CD in TRD has not been established. Objectives: This study sought to establish the potential cognitive benefits of rTMS in patients with TRD. Materials and Methods: This study used data from a noninferiority clinical trial investigating two excitatory rTMS protocols to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in unipolar outpatients with TRD. Cognitive testing was performed at baseline and three months posttreatment in 47 patients and a demographically matched cohort of 22 healthy volunteers. Changes in cognitive performance from baseline to posttreatment were assessed using repeated-measures analysis of variance, using both normative and individualized cognitive scoring methods. Results: Patients with baseline neurocognitive dysfunction showed significant changes in verbal memory at three months posttreatment when using individualized cognitive scoring. Furthermore, improvement in verbal memory within this subset was associated with improvements in affective symptoms. Limitations: This analysis was performed on a relatively small sample of patients with TRD who were not prescreened for CD and did not include a clinical comparator group. Conclusions: rTMS may be associated with improvements in verbal memory in patients with TRD who present with global CD and who are clinical responders to the treatment. These findings warrant replication in a larger sample as well as further investigations into the neural mechanisms of cognitive improvement after rTMS.
Changes in brain network properties in major depressive disorder following electroconvulsive therapy: a combined static and dynamic functional magnetic resonance imaging study$$$ BACKGROUND: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common and intractable mood disorder. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a common means of brain electrical stimulation for the treatment of MDD, but the neurobiological mechanism of its clinical symptom relief effect is still to be explored. This study aims to explore how ECT plays a role in depression remissions by investigating the changes of static and dynamic brain network characteristics in MDD patients before and after ECT. METHODS: Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) scans were obtained from nine MDD patients twice before and after a full course of ECT, all of whom responded to ECT as defined by at least a 50% reduction from baseline Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) scores. Both static and dynamic characteristics of the functional brain network were compared between the pre- and post-ECT scans for all participants, and the correlations between changes in clinical symptoms and altered network metrics were also investigated. RESULTS: The clustering coefficient and local efficiency in static brain networks were increased significantly, while the global flexibility of dynamic brain networks was decreased significantly after ECT. Several regions of interest (ROIs) that changed significantly at the local level were also identified, which involved regions of the cerebellum, hippocampus as well as frontal and temporal cortices. Although not significant, the decrease of HAMD scores were associated with trends of changed network metrics after ECT. CONCLUSIONS: Our results suggest that ECT may alleviate the depressive symptoms of MDD by decreasing the randomness of the brain network as reflected by changes in both static and dynamic network properties and that the temporal gyrus, frontal gyrus, hippocampus, and cerebellar regions may play key roles in such mechanisms. These findings have important implications for our understandings of ECT and depression. However, this study is limited by a relatively small sample size and the results should be confirmed in larger samples.
Depression: why drugs and electricity are not the answer$$$ The dominant view within mental health services and research suggests that feeling depressed is a kind of medical illness, partially caused by various biological deficits which are somehow corrected by physical interventions. This article critically appraises evidence for the effectiveness and value of antidepressant drugs and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), the two principle physical treatments recommended for depression. It also describes the negative effects of these interventions and raises concerns about how they impact the brain. We propose an alternative understanding that recognises depression as an emotional and meaningful response to unwanted life events and circumstances. This perspective demands that we address the social conditions that make depression likely and suggests that a combination of politics and common sense needs to guide us in providing help for one another when we are suffering in this way. This alternative view is increasingly endorsed around the world, including by the United Nations, the World Health Organization and service users who have suffered negative consequences of physical treatments that modify brain functions in ways that are not well-understood.
Efficacy of Augmentation of Cognitive Behavioral Therapy with Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Depression: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Major depressive disorder (MDD) affects approximately 10% of the population globally. Approximately 20% to 30% of patients with MDD do not sufficiently respond to standard treatment. Therefore, there is a need to develop more effective treatment strategies. Objective: To investigate whether the efficacy of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for the treatment of MDD can be enhanced by concurrent transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Design, Setting, and Participants: The double-blind, placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial PsychotherapyPlus was conducted at 6 university hospitals across Germany. Enrollment took place between June 2, 2016, and March 10, 2020; follow-up was completed August 27, 2020. Adults aged 20 to 65 years with a single or recurrent depressive episode were eligible. They were either not receiving medication or were receiving a stable regimen of antidepressant medication (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor and/or mirtazapine). A total of 148 women and men underwent randomization: 53 individuals were assigned to CBT alone (group 0), 48 to CBT plus tDCS (group 1), and 47 to CBT plus sham-tDCS (group 2). Interventions: Participants attended a 6-week group intervention comprising 12 sessions of CBT. If assigned, tDCS was applied simultaneously. Active tDCS included stimulation with an intensity of 2 mA for 30 minutes (anode over F3, cathode over F4). Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the change in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score from baseline to posttreatment in the intention-to-treat sample. Scores of 0 to 6 indicate no depression; 7 to 19, mild depression; 20 to 34, moderate depression; and 34 and higher, severe depression. Results: A total of 148 patients (89 women, 59 men; mean [SD] age, 41.1 [13.7] years; MADRS score at baseline, 23.0 [6.4]) were randomized. Of these, 126 patients (mean [SD] age, 41.5 [14.0] years; MADRS score at baseline, 23.0 [6.3]) completed the study. In each of the intervention groups, intervention was able to reduce MADRS scores by a mean of 6.5 points (95% CI, 3.82-9.14 points). The Cohen d value was -0.90 (95% CI, -1.43 to -0.50), indicating a significant effect over time. However, there was no significant effect of group and no significant interaction of group × time, indicating the estimated additive effects were not statistically significant. There were no severe adverse events throughout the whole trial, and there were no significant differences of self-reported adverse effects during and after stimulation between groups 1 and 2. Conclusions and Relevance: Based on MADRS score changes, this trial did not indicate superior efficacy of tDCS-enhanced CBT compared with 2 CBT control conditions. The study confirmed that concurrent group CBT and tDCS is safe and feasible. However, additional research on mechanisms of neuromodulation to complement CBT and other behavioral interventions is needed. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02633449.
Combining Trauma Script Exposure With rTMS to Reduce Symptoms of Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder: Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Innovative therapeutic interventions for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) are required. We opted to facilitate fear extinction by combining trauma script exposure with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to reduce symptoms of PTSD. OBJECTIVE: The efficacy and safety of 10 Hz rTMS of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex simultaneously with exposure to personal traumatic narrative were studied in patients with PTSD. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This trial was a single-center randomized controlled trial (NCT02584894). Patients were randomly assigned 1:1 to receive eight daily sessions of 110% of motor threshold high frequency (HF) 10 Hz rTMS (110% HF rTMS) or 70% low frequency (LF) 1 Hz rTMS (70% LF rTMS) with trauma script exposure in both groups. Severity of PTSD, depression, and anxiety were assessed before and after study treatment (one month, three months) by an assessor masked to the trial group assignment. The primary outcome was the severity of PTSD assessed by the Clinician Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS). We used mixed linear regression models for statistical comparisons. RESULTS: Thirty-eight patients (65.8% females) were randomly assigned to 110% HF rTMS (n = 18, 31.3 ± 10.0 years, 13 females) or 70% LF rTMS (n = 20, 33.5 ± 11.1 years, 12 females). From baseline to three months, mean CAPS scores decreased by 51% in the 110% HF rTMS group (from 83.7 ± 14.4 to 41.8 ± 31.9) and by 36.9% in the 70% LF rTMS group (from 81.8 ± 15.6 to 51.6 ± 23.7), but with no significant difference in improvement (time by treatment interaction -3.61 [95% confidence interval (CI), -9.70 to 2.47]; p = 0.24; effect size 0.53). One serious adverse event occurred during the study (psychogenic nonepileptic seizure). CONCLUSION: We found no evidence of difference in clinical improvement or remission rates between the 110% HF and 70% LF stimulation. These findings may reflect the importance of exposure procedure and that larger number of participants is needed.
Heart Rate Variability Features as Predictors of Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation Response in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ BACKGROUND: Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is associated with autonomic dysfunction as indicated by deficits in the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems. These abnormalities are expressed as elevated heart rate and reduced heart rate variability (HRV), respectively. Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), a form of transcranial magnetic stimulation, has demonstrated effectiveness in PTSD. Nevertheless, it remains unclear whether HRV may be an iTBS biomarker for PTSD and whether iTBS impacts autonomic activity. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Fifty veterans with PTSD participated in a randomized controlled trial, receiving ten daily sessions of sham-controlled iTBS (right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, 1800 pulses/day, 80% active motor threshold, 9.5 min). With a usable dataset (N = 47), HRV parameters were assessed as predictors of clinical response immediately after stimulation. iTBS effects on autonomic response (mean RR interval, root mean square of successive differences [RMSSD], total power [TP], and low-frequency/high-frequency [LF/HF] ratio) were evaluated using an ultra-short approach. RESULTS: TP and RMSSD were significant predictors of acute clinical response to iTBS. Individuals with higher TP had better response to iTBS with improved symptoms on the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale (rs = -0.58, p = 0.004), and higher functionality on the Social and Occupational Function Scale (rs = 0.43, p = 0.04). Similarly, higher RMSSD was associated with superior outcomes (rs = -0.44, p = 0.04). No other significant changes in HRV metrics were observed (p ≥ 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: Our findings indicate that autonomic activity is a potential low-cost and technically simple predictive biomarker of iTBS response in PTSD. Less autonomic dysfunction was associated with superior clinical improvements with iTBS. Future studies might consider HRV acquisition during iTBS, as well as prospective testing of these findings in patients with elevated hyperarousal.
A Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Targeting M1 and S2 in Central Poststroke Pain: A Pilot Trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Central poststroke pain (CPSP), a neuropathic pain condition, is difficult to treat. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeted to the primary motor cortex (M1) can alleviate the condition, but not all patients respond. We aimed to assess a promising alternative rTMS target, the secondary somatosensory cortex (S2), for CPSP treatment. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This prospective, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled three-arm crossover trial assessed navigated rTMS (nrTMS) targeted to M1 and S2 (10 sessions, 5050 pulses per session at 10 Hz). Participants were evaluated for pain, depression, anxiety, health-related quality of life, upper limb function, and three plasticity-related gene polymorphisms including Dopamine D2 Receptor (DRD2). We monitored pain intensity and interference before and during stimulations and at one month. A conditioned pain modulation test was performed using the cold pressor test. This assessed the efficacy of the descending inhibitory system, which may transmit TMS effects in pain control. RESULTS: We prescreened 73 patients, screened 29, and included 21, of whom 17 completed the trial. NrTMS targeted to S2 resulted in long-term (from baseline to one-month follow-up) pain intensity reduction of ≥30% in 18% (3/17) of participants. All stimulations showed a short-term effect on pain (17-20% pain relief), with no difference between M1, S2, or sham stimulations, indicating a strong placebo effect. Only nrTMS targeted to S2 resulted in a significant long-term pain intensity reduction (15% pain relief). The cold pressor test reduced CPSP pain intensity significantly (p = 0.001), indicating functioning descending inhibitory controls. The homozygous DRD2 T/T genotype is associated with the M1 stimulation response. CONCLUSIONS: S2 is a promising nrTMS target in the treatment of CPSP. The DRD2 T/T genotype might be a biomarker for M1 nrTMS response, but this needs confirmation from a larger study.
TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION IN THE TREATMENT OF ADOLESCENT DEPRESSION-A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW AND META-ANALYSIS OF AGGREGATED AND INDIVIDUAL PATIENT DATA$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is among the leading causes of disability worldwide. About 5.6% of adolescents fulfill diagnostic criteria for MDD. Critically, 40% of patients with MDD do not benefit from currently available first-line treatments. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has gained increasing popularity as a potential alternative treatment option in the last few years. A pulsed magnetic field penetrates the scalp and skull and induces electrical currents in the superficial areas of the brain. TMS offers a possibility to treat MDD with a non-invasive procedure and little undesirable effects. In the present meta-analytic study, we synthesized existing evidence on the efficacy of TMS treatment in adolescent MDD and examined potential moderators of treatment effects. A systematic literature search was conducted, and aggregated data of suitable studies were synthesized using random-effect-models. We also accessed individual patient data (IPD) as available and investigated treatment-covariate interactions. Ten studies out of 1'264 hits were included for the synthesis of aggregated data. In addition, 5 studies were available for IPD. Quantitative synthesis of aggregated data revealed a statistically significant negative overall standardized mean change (pooled SMCC = 2.04, 95 % CI [1.46; 2.61], SE = .29, p < .001), as well as a significant overall treatment response rate (Transformed Proportion = 41.30%, 95 % CI [31.03; 51.57], SE = 0.05; p < 0.001), considering data from baseline to post-treatment. In moderator analyses using IPD, a higher number of TMS sessions as well as a longer overall treatment duration were linked with higher treatment efficacy. Unilateral and not bilateral stimulation, and standard repetitive TMS instead of theta burst stimulation, were furthermore linked with higher efficacy. Considering patient characteristics, more severe depression and younger age were linked with a higher efficacy of TMS treatment. Small-study effects and lack of control group, blinding, and randomization are methodological shortcomings limiting the validity of the present results. Future larger-scale, randomized, and sham-controlled studies are warranted. In the absence of better evidence, the present results may inform clinical practice in the application of TMS in youth with MDD.
The DiSCoVeR trial - first look at patient training and their expectations regarding a new, innovative treatment$$$ Introduction: The DiSCoVeR trial is a multi-site, double-blind, sham controlled, randomized controlled trial (RCT) investigating the feasibility and efficacy of an innovative, self-applied treatment approach for patients suffering from major depressive disorder (MDD). The treatment approachincorporates non-invasive brain stimulation, i.e. prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), and a videogame designed to enhance emotional cognitive control. This treatment is aimed to be applied at home and monitored remotely. Objectives: In this study we are looking at the first 10 single-site patients and comparing expected in person visits (according to the study protocol) versus actual in person visits as well as looking at the patients initial view of the therapy using the therapy evaluation form (CEQ) submitted after the 5th session. Methods: Before continuing to self-administer the treatment at home patients undergo supervised training, during clinic visits, for up to 5 sessions. At the end of the 5th session, they are asked to fill out a therapy evaluation form (CEQ). Results: Patients needed on average 2.3 in person training sessions before continuing the intervention remotely. Nine patients completed CEQ. Results show that on average patients thought that this course will be 4.78 (with probability 95% CI 4.74 to 4.82) points successful at raising their level of functioning and thought that their functioning will have increased on average by 37.8% (CI 37.2% to 38.4%) by the end of the study. Conclusions: Patients needed less than half of planned in person training visits. Most patients felt like they will gain some improvement from this intervention.
Is repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation really effective in the treatment of major depression? - Results of a Meta-Analysis$$$ Introduction: Clinical studies demonstrated the efficacy of rTMS treatment in major depressive disorder. However, the results of meta-analyses are contradictory due to the heterogeneity of the included studies. Objectives: The aim was to analyse the effectiveness of rTMS for treatment-resistant major depression. Methods: A systematic literature review of English-language articles published in the last 10 years was performed on PubMed and Scopus databases according to PRISMA guideline principles. To assess the effects of rTMS on response and remission rates, random-effects model and inverse variance method were used. Results: 23 randomized double-blind sham-controlled studies met the inclusion criteria for quantitative analysis for response (n=1020 patients) and 12 studies for remission (n= 846 patients). The relative risk for response and remission were 2.19 (95% CI: 1.68- 2,86, p=0.000 n=912) and 2.65 (95% CI: 1.32-5,31, p=0.002, n=603), respectively using rTMS as add on treatment (in patients after two antidepressant treatment failures) compared to standard pharmacotherapy. I2 analysis showed no considerable heterogeneity in the combined effect sizes neither for remission studies (I2 =23.36%) nor for response studies (I2 =0.00%). Conclusions: Transcranial magnetic stimulation became an evidence-based, effective treatment for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder, either as a monotherapy or as an augmentation of pharmacotherapy. However, because of the lack of standardized protocol, a substantial methodological heterogeneity exists. According to our results, rTMS was significantly more effective than sham rTMS in both response and remission outcomes, which is consistent with previous meta-analyses, but the effect size was a bit smaller than what was reported previously.
Suicidality during neuromodulation in the elderly depressed: study design$$$ Introduction: Late life depression is a major global health issue, with an estimated 7% of older adults suffering from this mental disorder. Depression is one of the most important predictors for suicide in the elderly. However, it is often difficult to recognize and manage, making treatment-resistance a common occurrence. Treatment-resistant depression itself is also a known risk factor for suicide. Recently, non-invasive neuromodulation techniques have been used as a new treatment for depression and suicidality with promising results. Objectives: This study aims to investigate the effect of adTMS (accelerated deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation) and tDCS (transcranial Direct Current Stimulation) on the suicidality of elderly, therapy-resistant depressed patients. The hypothesis is that suicidal ideation and risk of suicide will decrease after a treatment with adTMS and tDCS. Methods: In this randomized double-blinded sham-controlled clinical trial, geriatric therapy-resistant depressive patients will receive adTMS treatment (See: Figure 1). Suicidality will be assessed before and after the active or sham treatment, through the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS) and Beck Scale for Suicide Ideation (BSI). After one week of rest, all patients will receive an at-home tDCS treatment for 3 weeks. Likewise, the suicide risk will be estimated before and after the tDCS. During the screening period, the severity of the patients' depressive symptoms will be determined by using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17). In total, the trial will last for 5 weeks, and suicidality will be examined at five different time points (during screening, at T0, T1, T2 and T3). Results: Not applicable Conclusions: Not applicable. (Figure Presented).
TMS use in Depressive disorder in Youth$$$ Introduction: Trans-cranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) as a noninvasive method of altering brain activity (1) has widened the array of therapeutic options available for various psychiatric disorders. Objectives: Trans-cranial Magnetic stimulation (TMS) as a noninvasive method of altering brain activity has widened the array of therapeutic options available for various psychiatric disorders. •A large number of studies have shown therapeutic benefits in a wide range of patient population with majority of studies in adults.•TMS is used increasingly for the treatment of child and adolescent depression. •Yet, the scarcity of studies and lack of published guidelines for this population is notable. •As TMS use is expanding in this population, an overview of the use of TMS in children and adolescents with depression may provide much needed and timely perspective on this neuropsychiatric intervention. Methods: We searched all published studies using PubMed database, on TMS use in depressive disorders in children and adolescents. A total of 13 studies were found to have reported use of TMS in depression in children and adolescents. Results: We found various case series, open label studies as well as sham controlled blind studies indicating that TMS has been effective in treating depression in children and adolescents. No significant side effects were found in our review. Conclusions: Studies have shown that TMS is an effective treatment option for depressive disorders in children and adolescents. Initial studies look promising but implications in large pediatric population may be different and there is a need for more double blind, controlled trials with larger sample size.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in the Treatment of Post-Laminectomy Syndrome: A Clinical Trial$$$ Aims. To evaluate the effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in treatment of post-laminectomy syndrome. Methods. Twenty-four patients were randomized in three groups to receive active or sham anodic stimulation (1.5 mA, 20 minutes for five consecutive days, with 25cm2 electrodes) in two different areas (primary motor cortex (M1) vs. dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), according to lateralization of pain. Brief Pain Inventory (BPI) and Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) were instruments used to assess pain, while Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI) was applied to measure severity disease and clinical response. Additionally, the quality of life assessment was based on World Health Organization Quality-of-Life Scale (WHOQOL-BREF). In order to identify psychiatric comorbidities, Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI) and Beck's Anxiety Inventory (BAI) tests were applied. Comparisons between groups were performed using oneway ANOVA, ANOVA-Welch, Kruskal-Wallis, Man-Whitney, and Fisher's test. Results. It is observed that there was a statistically significant difference (difference 0,15 [95% CI, 7,07 ± 1,39]) in the way individuals assess their quality of life and the improvement in pain intensity by VAS, especially in M1. The assessment of quality of life among those who showed improvement was higher than those who did not improved. Conclusion. Application of tDCS in primary motor cortex (M1) produced an improvement in pain pattern in patients with postlaminectomy syndrome. Our data suggest that tDCS - a low-cost, technically simple and highly tolerable technique, is a promising technique for management chronic pain in disorders such as post-laminectomy syndrome.
Non-invasive Brain Stimulation for Chronic Pain: State of the Art and Future Directions$$$ As a technique that can guide brain plasticity, non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) has the potential to improve the treatment of chronic pain (CP) because it can interfere with ongoing brain neural activity to regulate specific neural networks related to pain management. Treatments of CP with various forms of NIBS, such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), using new parameters of stimulation have achieved encouraging results. Evidence of moderate quality indicates that high-frequency rTMS of the primary motor cortex has a clear effect on neuropathic pain (NP) and fibromyalgia. However, evidence on its effectiveness regarding pain relief in other CP conditions is conflicting. Concerning tDCS, evidence of low quality supports its benefit for CP treatment. However, evidence suggesting that it exerts a small treatment effect on NP and headaches is also conflicting. In this paper, we describe the underlying principles behind these commonly used stimulation techniques; and summarize the results of randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses. Future research should focus on a better evaluation of the short-term and long-term effectiveness of all NIBS techniques and whether they decrease healthcare use, as well as on the refinement of selection criteria.
Improved Safety of Hybrid Electroconvulsive Therapy Compared With Standard Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel-Group Pilot Trial$$$ Objectives: ECT is a rapid and effective treatment for depression. While efficacy is often remarkable over the initial 3–4 sessions, the efficacy of later sessions is less rapid, and the side-effects, especially cognitive impairment limit its use. To preliminarily compare the efficacy and acceptability of a novel hybrid-ECT (HECT) protocol for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) with standard ECT, we conducted this pilot trial. Methods: Thirty patients were randomly assigned to ECT or HECT. Both arms received three ECT sessions (phase 1) but, in phase 2, the HECT arm received low-charge electrotherapy instead of ECT. The primary outcome was the change in 24-item Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD-24) scores between baseline and the end of treatment. Cognitive function was assessed by repeatable battery for the assessment of neuropsychological status (RBANS), Stroop color word, and orientation recovery tests (ORT). Safety was measured by the drop-out rate and adverse events (AEs). Four visits were conducted at baseline, post-phase 1, post-phase 2, and at 1-month follow-up. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (http://www.chictr.org.cn/), identifier: ChiCTR1900027701. Results: Patients in both arms showed significant within-group improvements in HAMD-24, but the between-group differences were non-significant. Participants in the HECT arm outperformed ECT patients for most cognitive tests at the end of treatment or at follow-up. There was a significantly lower AE rate and shorter ORT in phase 2 of the HECT ar. Conclusion: In this pilot trial, HECT was associated with fewer AEs and better cognitive function including executive and memory function, but its possible similar antidepressive efficacy needs to be further investigated in future.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Treatment of Neurological Diseases$$$ Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) has widespread use in research and clinical application. For psychiatric applications, such as depression or OCD, repetitive TMS protocols (rTMS) are an established and globally applied treatment option. While promising, rTMS is not yet as common in treating neurological diseases, except for neurorehabilitation after (motor) stroke and neuropathic pain treatment. This may soon change. New clinical studies testing the potential of rTMS in various other neurological conditions appear at a rapid pace. This can prove challenging for both practitioners and clinical researchers. Although most of these neurological applications have not yet received the same level of scientific/empirical scrutiny as motor stroke and neuropathic pain, the results are encouraging, opening new doors for TMS in neurology. We here review the latest clinical evidence for rTMS in pioneering neurological applications including movement disorders, Alzheimer's disease/mild cognitive impairment, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, and disorders of consciousness.
Effects of Noninvasive Brain Stimulation Combined With Antidepressants in Patients With Poststroke Depression: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: To evaluated the efficacy and safety of noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) combined with antidepressants in patients with poststroke depression (PSD). Methods: Seven databases were searched to identify randomized controlled trials of NIBS combined with antidepressants in the treatment of PSD based on the international classification of diseases (ICD-10) criteria and exclusion criteria. The retrieval time was from the database establishment to 31 October 2021. Two researchers independently screened the identified studies through the search strategy, extracted their characteristics, and evaluated the quality of the included literature. Cochrane Collaboration’s tool was used to assess risk of bias. RevMan 5.3 software was applied for meta-analysis. Results: A total of 34 randomized controlled trials were included, involving 2,711 patients with PSD. Meta-analysis showed that the total effective rate was higher in the combined therapy than the antidepressant alone [odds ratio (OR): 4.33; 95% confidence interval (CI): 3.07 to 6.11; p < 0.00001]. The Hamilton depressive scale (HAMD) score was significantly lower in repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) (≤10 Hz) combined with antidepressant than in antidepressant alone [standard mean difference (SMD): −1.44; 95% CI: −1.86 to −1.03; p < 0.00001]. No significant difference was seen in rTMS (>10 Hz) combined with antidepressant versus antidepressant alone (SMD: −4.02; 95% CI: −10.43 to 2.39; p = 0.22). In addition, combination therapy more strongly improved the modified Barthel index (MBI) scale than antidepressants [mean difference (MD): 8.29; 95% CI: 5.23–11.35; p < 0.00001]. Adverse effects were not significantly different between two therapies (OR: 1.33; 95% CI: 0.87 to 2.04; p = 0.18). Conclusion: Low-frequency rTMS (≤10 Hz) combined with antidepressants tends to be more effective than antidepressants alone in patients with PSD, and there are no significant adverse effects. In addition, combined therapy may enhance quality of life after stroke. Combination therapy with high-frequency rTMS (>10 Hz) showed no advantage in treating PSD. The transcranial electrical stimulation (TES) combined with antidepressants might be more effective than antidepressants alone, which are needed to confirm by more clinical trials since the.
Non-invasive Brain Stimulation for Central Neuropathic Pain$$$ The research and clinical application of the noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) technique in the treatment of neuropathic pain (NP) are increasing. In this review article, we outline the effectiveness and limitations of the NIBS approach in treating common central neuropathic pain (CNP). This article summarizes the research progress of NIBS in the treatment of different CNPs and describes the effects and mechanisms of these methods on different CNPs. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) analgesic research has been relatively mature and applied to a variety of CNP treatments. But the optimal stimulation targets, stimulation intensity, and stimulation time of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for each type of CNP are still difficult to identify. The analgesic mechanism of rTMS is similar to that of tDCS, both of which change cortical excitability and synaptic plasticity, regulate the release of related neurotransmitters and affect the structural and functional connections of brain regions associated with pain processing and regulation. Some deficiencies are found in current NIBS relevant studies, such as small sample size, difficulty to avoid placebo effect, and insufficient research on analgesia mechanism. Future research should gradually carry out large-scale, multicenter studies to test the stability and reliability of the analgesic effects of NIBS.
Can Daytime Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Treatment Change the Sleep Electroencephalogram Complexity of REM Sleep in Depressed Patients? A Double-Blinded, Randomized, Placebo-Controlled Trial$$$ Study Objectives: The purpose of this study was to determine the effects of daytime transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on sleep electroencephalogram (EEG) in patients with depression. Methods: The study was a double-blinded, randomized, controlled clinical trial. A total of 37 patients diagnosed with a major depression were recruited; 19 patients (13 females and 6 males mean age 44.79 ± 15.25 years) received tDCS active stimulation and 18 patients (9 females and 9 males; mean age 43.61 ± 11.89 years) received sham stimulation. Ten sessions of daytime tDCS were administered with the anode over F3 and the cathode over F4. Each session delivered a 2 mA current for 30 min per 10 working days. Hamilton-24 and Montgomery scales were used to assess the severity of depression, and polysomnography (PSG) was used to assess sleep structure and EEG complexity. Eight intrinsic mode functions (IMFs) were computed from each EEG signal in a channel. The sample entropy of the cumulative sum of the IMFs were computed to acquire high-dimensional multi-scale complexity information of EEG signals. Results: The complexity of Rapid Eye Movement (REM) EEG signals significantly decreased intrinsic multi-scale entropy (iMSE) (1.732 ± 0.057 vs. 1.605 ± 0.046, P = 0.0004 in the case of the C4 channel, IMF 1:4 and scale 7) after tDCS active stimulation. The complexity of the REM EEG signals significantly increased iMSE (1.464 ± 0.101 vs. 1.611 ± 0.085, P = 0.001 for C4 channel, IMF 1:4 and scale 7) after tDCS sham stimulation. There was no significant difference in the Hamilton-24 (P = 0.988), Montgomery scale score (P = 0.726), and sleep structure (N1% P = 0.383; N2% P = 0.716; N3% P = 0.772) between the two groups after treatment. Conclusion: Daytime tDCS changed the complexity of sleep in the REM stage, and presented as decreased intrinsic multi-scale entropy, while no changes in sleep structure occurred. This finding indicated that daytime tDCS may be an effective method to improve sleep quality in depressed patients. Trial registration This trial has been registered at the ClinicalTrials.gov (protocol ID: TCHIRB-10409114, in progress).
Effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Monoclonal Antibodies Acting on the CGRP as a Combined Treatment for Migraine (TACTIC): Protocol for a Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Migraine is a recurrent headache disorder that has a still unclear pathophysiology, involving several circuits of both the central and peripheral nervous system. Monoclonal antibodies acting on the calcitonin gene-related (CGRP) pathway (CGRP-MAbs) are the first drugs specifically designed for migraine; those drugs act peripherally on the trigeminal ganglion without entering the blood-brain barrier. Conversely, neuromodulation techniques such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) act centrally by increasing or decreasing the neuronal firing rate of brain cortical areas. The aim of the study will be to evaluate whether tDCS, in addition to CGRP-MAbs, is an effective add-on treatment in reducing headache frequency, intensity and acute medication use in patients with migraine. To demonstrate the biological effects of tDCS, the electroencephalographic (EEG) power changes after tDCS will be assessed. Methods: We will include patients with migraine on treatment with CGRP-MAbs and reporting ≥8 monthly migraine days. During a prospective 28-day baseline period, patients will fill in a headache diary and questionnaires to evaluate migraine-related disability, anxiety and depressive symptoms, sleep quality, and health-related quality of life. Subjects will be randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to active or sham tDCS. The stimulation protocol will consist in five daily sessions, the cathodes will be applied bilaterally above the occipital areas, with the reference anode electrodes positioned above the primary motor areas. Before the first, and immediately after the last stimulation session, patients will perform a 10-min resting EEG recording. During a 28-day follow-up period following tDCS, patients will have to fill in a headache diary and questionnaires identical to those of the baseline period. Discussion: This trial will evaluate the efficacy of an add-on treatment acting on the brain in patients with migraine, who are already treated with peripherally acting drugs, showing how tDCS acts in restoring the dysfunctional brain networks typical of the migraine patient. Clinical Trial Registration: NCT05161871.
Efficacy and Tolerability of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Suicidal Ideation: A Systemic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: This study aimed to investigate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treating suicidal ideation in patients with mental illness. Method: We followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. Major electronic databases were systematically searched from the time of their inception until July 22, 2021. The primary outcome was the mean change in the scores for suicidal ideation. The secondary outcome was the mean change in depression severity. Results: Ten randomized controlled trials were eligible with 415 participants in the active treatment group (mean age = 53.78 years; mean proportion of women = 54.5%) and 387 participants in the control group (mean age = 55.52 years; mean proportion of women = 51.78%). rTMS significantly reduced suicidal ideation (k = 10, n = 802, Hedges' g = −0.390, 95% confidence interval [CI] = −0.193 to −0.588, p <.001) and severity of depressive symptoms (k = 9, n = 761, Hedges' g = −0.698, 95% CI = −1.023 to −0.372, p < 0.001) in patients with major mental disorders. In the subgroup analysis, rTMS reduced suicidal ideation among patients with non-treatment-resistant depression (non-TRD) (−0.208) but not in those with TRD. rTMS as combination therapy had a larger effect than did monotherapy (−0.500 vs. −0.210). Suicidal ideation significantly reduced in patients receiving more than ten treatment sessions (-0.255). Importantly, the rTMS group showed favorable tolerability without major adverse events. Conclusion: The study showed that rTMS was effective and well-tolerated in reducing suicidal ideation and depression severity in patients with major mental disorders.
Pharmacological and non-pharmacological management of spinocerebellar ataxia: A systematic review$$$ Spinocerebellar ataxias (SCA) comprise a rare, genetic subgroup within the degenerative ataxias and are dominantly inherited, with up to 48 recognized genetic subtypes. While an updated review on the management of degenerative ataxia is published recently, an evidence-based review focussed on the management of SCA is lacking. Here, we reviewed the pharmacological and non-pharmacological management of SCA by conducting a systematic review on Medline Ovid and Scopus. Of 29,284 studies identified, 47 studies (pharmacological: n = 25; non-pharmacological: n = 22) that predominantly involved SCA patients were included. Twenty studies had a high risk of bias based on the Cochrane’s Collaboration risk of bias tool. As per the European Federation of Neurological Societies 2004 guideline for therapeutic intervention, the remaining 27 studies were of Class I (n = 4) and Class II (n = 23) evidence. Only two therapies had Level A recommendations for the management of ataxia symptoms: riluzole and immediate in-patient neurorehabilitation. Ten therapies had Level B recommendations for managing ataxia symptoms and require further investigations with better study design. These include high dose valproate acid, branched-chain amino acid, intravenous trehalose; restorative rehabilitation using cycling regimen and videogame; and cerebellar stimulations using transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation. Lithium and coaching on psychological adjustment received Level B recommendation for depressive symptoms and quality of life, respectively. Heterogeneous study designs, different genotypes, and non-standardized clinical measures alongside short duration and small sample sizes may hamper meaningful clinical translation. Therefore, rating of recommendations only serve as points of reference.
Influence of adjuvant nortriptyline on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled trial and 1-year follow-up$$$ Objective: There is limited evidence that adding an antidepressant to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), compared with ECT monotherapy, improves outcomes. We aimed to determine whether the addition of nortriptyline to ECT enhances its efficacy and prevents post-ECT relapse. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial (RCT). Patients with major depressive disorder and an indication for ECT received either nortriptyline or placebo during a bilateral ECT course. Outcome measures were mean decrease in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) score, response, remission, and time to response and remission. Patients who attained remission participated in a 1-year follow-up study with open-label nortriptyline. Outcome measures were relapse and time to relapse. Results: We included 47 patients in the RCT. In the nortriptyline group, 83% showed response, 74% attained remission, and the mean decrease in HRSD score was 21.6 points. In the placebo group these figures were, respectively, 81% (p = 0.945), 73% (p = 0.928) and 20.7 points (p = 0.748). Thirty-one patients participated in the follow-up study. In patients who had received nortriptyline during the RCT, 47% relapsed at a mean of 34.2 weeks. Patients who had received placebo showed similar treatment results. In both study phases, no statistically significant differences between the nortriptyline and the placebo group were found. Conclusion: In our sample of severely depressed patients who were often medication resistant and suffering from psychotic depression, the addition of nortriptyline to ECT did not enhance its efficacy or prevent post-ECT relapse. Encouragingly, even in these patients ECT was highly effective and relapse rates were relatively low.
Effect of high frequency versus theta-burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicidality in patients with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Objective: To investigate the effect of 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) on suicidality in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Methods: We used data from a three-site randomized clinical trial comparing 10 Hz rTMS and iTBS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in patients with TRD. We compared the effect of 10Hz rTMS and iTBS on suicidality as measured by the suicide item of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17-item (HDRS-17). Results: Suicidality remitted in 71 (43.7%) participants randomized to 10Hz stimulation and 91 (49.1%) participants randomized to iTBS, without a significant difference between the proportions in the two groups (Χ2 = 0.674, df = 1, p = 0.4117). There was a significant correlation between change in suicidality and change in depression severity for both modalities (10 Hz, Pearson's r = 0.564; iTBS, Pearson's r = 0.502), with a significantly larger decrease in depression severity for those in whom suicidality remitted compared to those in whom it did not (t = 10.912, df = 276.8, p < 0.001). Conclusions: Both 10 Hz and iTBS rTMS were effective in reducing suicidality in TRD. Future trials of iTBS for depression should include discrete measures of suicidality.
Mechanisms of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Post-stroke Depression: A Resting-State Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging Study$$$ We aimed to identify neural mechanisms underlying clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in post-stroke depression (PSD) by the Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (rs-fMRI). Thirty-two depressed patients after ischemic stroke were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive 20 min of 5 Hz rTMS or sham over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in addition to routine supportive treatments. The clinical outcome was measured by the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17), while the imaging results were acquired from rs-fMRI, including regional homogeneity (ReHo), fractional amplitude of low-frequency fluctuation (fALFF) and seed-based dynamic functional connection (dFC). HRSD-17 scores were improved in the two groups after treatment (P < 0.01), while greater mood improvement was observed in the rTMS group (P < 0.05). Compared with the sham group, the rTMS group demonstrated regions with higher ReHo and fALFF values locating mainly in the left hemisphere and highly consistent with the default mode network (DMN) (p < 0.05). Using the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) and posterior cingulate cortex (PCC) as seeds, significant difference between the two groups in dFC within the DMN was found after treatment, including 10 connections with increased connectivity strength and 2 connections with reduced connectivity strength. The ReHo, fALFF and dFC values within DMN in the rTMS group were negatively correlated with the HDRS scores after treatment (P < 0.05). Our results indicated reductions in depressive symptoms following rTMS in PSD are associated with functional alterations of different depression-related areas within the DMN.
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on the Primary Motor Cortex of Individuals with Fibromyalgia: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ The purpose of this study was to quantify the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), which is recommended for the improvement of some pain-related symptoms and for antidepressant treatment, on the primary motor cortex (M1) in patients with fibromyalgia (FM). We searched for studies comparing rTMS and sham rTMS in the M1 of FM patients. Pain intensity, quality of life, health status, and depression were compared with or without rTMS for at least 10 sessions. We searched four databases. Quality assessment and quantitative analysis were performed using RevMan 5.4. After screening, five randomized controlled trials of 170 patients with FM were included in the analysis. As a result of the meta-analysis of rTMS on the M1 of individuals with FM, high-frequency rTMS resulted in a significant improvement on quality of life (MD = −2.50; 95% CI: −3.99 to −1.01) compared with sham rTMS. On the other hand, low-frequency rTMS resulted in a significant improvement on health status (MD = 15.02; 95% CI: 5.59 to 24.45). The application of rTMS to the M1 is proposed as an adjunctive measure in the treatment of individuals with FM. Because rTMS has various effects depending on each application site, it is necessary to classify sites or set frequencies as variables.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation improved visual-spatial working memory in treatment-resistant schizophrenia: A pilot study$$$ Background: Visual-spatial working memory (vsWM) impairment in treatment-resistant schizophrenia (TRS) currently has no satisfactory treatment. Our study aimed to improve vsWM function in TRS through intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) using neuronavigation equipment to target the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Method: TRS patients (n = 59) were randomly allocated to receive iTBS (n = 33) or a sham treatment (n = 26) over 2 weeks. The participants including TRS patients and healthy controls (HCs) performed the vsWM n-back task, and TRS patients’ neuroimaging data were acquired before and after treatment. All patients also underwent a battery of symptom measures to assess the severity of illness. The main outcome measure was the accuracy (ACC) of n-back target responses, particularly 3-back ACC. Results: The iTBS group showed considerable improvement in n-back ACC compared to the sham group, especially 3-back ACC. After iTBS, performance on the n-back task was comparable to that of HCs. The interaction (group × time) results showed increased fractional amplitude of low frequency fluctuations (fALFF) in the right occipital areas and decreased fALFF in the right precuneus. However, there was a negative correlation between the 3-back ACC and improved clinical symptoms scores. Improvements in 3-back ACC were positively correlated with activity in the right visual cortex. Conclusions: Our study suggested that 2 weeks of iTBS intervention may be a novel, efficacious treatment for vsWM deficits in TRS, which can modulate the activity of local brain regions. iTBS can provide a solution for clinical treatment of TRS and may help patients approach normalcy.
The effectiveness of high-frequency left DLPFC-rTMS on depression, response inhibition, and cognitive flexibility in female subjects with major depressive disorder$$$ Background: The purpose of the present study was to investigate the effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression severity, response inhibition, and cognitive flexibility in subjects with major depressive disorder. Methods: Twenty-eight female subjects with major depressive disorder were randomly divided into experimental and control groups. High frequency (20 Hz) rTMS stimulation at 85% of the MT consisted of 25 trains of 5 s duration, a total of 2500 pulses/session or sham stimulation was applied over the left DLPFC for five consecutive days per week, for two weeks. Depression severity, response inhibition, and cognitive flexibility of subjects were assessed by Beck Depression Inventory, Go/NoGo, and Wisconsin sort cards (WCST) tests, respectively, pre- and post-TMS intervention. Results: rTMS over the left DLPFC significantly decreased the depression severity at the Beck Depression Inventory, enhanced accuracy, and decreased reaction time at the Go/NoGo task. In the Wisconsin Card Sort Test, perseverative and non-perseverative errors and failure to maintain a set index significantly decreased following rTMS treatment. Conclusions: Findings indicate that 20-Hz rTMS treatment on the left DLPFC has a positive effect on depression severity, response inhibition, and cognitive flexibility in depressed subjects.
Depressive Symptom Dimensions and Response Trajectories in Electroconvulsive Therapy and Magnetic Seizure Therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for severe depression. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) can potentially offer similar efficacy as ECT with fewer adverse side effects. This study investigates whether ECT and MST differentially act on depressive symptom clusters and explores clinical predictors of response. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of data from 72 participants in a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial comparing the efficacy of right unilateral ECT and MST. We conducted an exploratory factor analysis of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) subitems at baseline, and latent class trajectory modeling (LCTM) to group participants into classes of response trajectories. We explored baseline clinical, demographic characteristics, and treatment covariates of response. Results: The HAMD subitems loaded onto four factors. ECT and MST had the greatest effect on the factor consisting of core depressive mood symptoms: hopelessness (loading score=0.77), depressed mood (0.61), work and activities (0.56), helplessness (0.53), worthlessness (0.44), psychic anxiety (0.40), and suicide (0.34). There was no difference between ECT and MST on the magnitude or speed of score reduction across the factors. LCTM identified three distinct classes of longitudinal response: rapid-response (N=11, 16.4%), linear-response (N=46, 68.7%), and non-response (N=10, 14.9%). Responders were more likely to have a family history of psychosis (p=0.039) or affective disorder (p=0.040). The three classes did not differ in baseline depression severity, age, sex, or treatment modality. Conclusions: MST exerts similar antidepressant action across all symptom dimensions compared to ECT. Future work is needed to identify predictors of response class with additional psychosocial and physiological covariates. Funding Source: Stanley Medical Research Institute Keywords: Electroconvulsive Therapy, Magnetic Seizure Therapy, Factor Analysis, Latent Class Analysis, Prediction of Response
Improving Antidepressant Response Prediction Using Dimensional Outcomes: Convergent Evidence From ECT and Ketamine Treatments$$$ Background: The symptomatic heterogeneity of depression can obscure biomarkers of treatment outcomes. We recently used factor analysis to identify three latent symptom dimensions of depression captured by the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) in a large, multisite cohort of patients with depression: core mood and anhedonia (CMA), somatic disturbances (SOD), and insomnia. Here, we summarize two studies investigating biomarkers of antidepressant response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and serial ketamine infusion (SKI). We compare the accuracy of models predicting changes along the HDRS-17 total score versus the outlined dimensional outcomes. Methods: Patients underwent ECT (n=110) or SKI (n=60) and underwent MRI and HDRS assessments before and after treatment. In both studies, cross validated random forest regression models predicted change along each latent symptom dimension (CMA, SOD, and insomnia) and the HDRS total score using neuroimaging, clinical, and demographic predictors. Results: In the ECT cohort, the coefficient of determination (i.e., fractional variance explained) was significantly higher (p< 0.0001) for the CMA and insomnia dimensions (both Rˆ2=0.39, q<0.01) compared to the HDRS-17 total score (Rˆ2=0.25, q<0.01). In the SKI cohort, recovery along the CMA dimension was predicted significantly above chance (Rˆ2=0.27, q<0.05) and significantly more accurately than the HDRS-17 total score, SOD, and insomnia dimensions (all p<0.001). Conclusions: We present convergent evidence from studies investigating two antidepressant treatments. Our findings support that modeling depressive symptom improvement along more homogenous latent dimensions can improve the prediction of treatment outcomes above the more widely used and heterogenous HDRS-17 total score. Funding Source: NARSAD Young Investigator Grant (27786); NIMH K99 (MH119314) Keywords: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Dimensional Symptoms, Biomarkers, Electroconvulsie Therapy, Ketamine
Adjunctive D-Cycloserine with Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation: A Randomized Placebo-Controlled Trial in Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Intermittent theta-bust stimulation (iTBS) is emerging as a first-choice transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) protocol in the treatment of refractory Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). While the mechanisms for antidepressant efficacy remain unclear, physiological studies suggest that N-Methyl-D-Aspartate (NMDA) receptor activation is required for iTBS related synaptic plasticity. No study to date has directly targeted the NMDA receptor as a means of enhancing clinical efficacy in MDD. Methods: This single-site randomized placebo-controlled trial was conducted at the University of Calgary, Canada. Fifty patients with a unipolar major depressive episode of at least moderate severity (Hamilton Depressive Rating Scale ≥18) that had not responded to at least one (but not ≥4) adequate trial of pharmacotherapy were eligible. The primary outcome measure was change in depressive symptoms as measured by the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Participants were randomly allocated to receive daily D-Cycloserine (iTBS+DCS) capsules or placebo capsules (iTBS+PLB) for the first two of four weeks of treatment. Participants received iTBS (600 pulses delivered as triplets at 50Hz repeated at 5Hz [2s on 8s off)] at 80% resting motor threshold) daily on weekdays for 4 weeks. Results: There were no demographic or clinical differences between iTBS+PLB and iTBS+DCS groups at baseline. Participants allocated to the iTBS+DCS group had significantly greater improvements in MADRS rated depressive symptoms compared to iTBS+PLB groups (d=0.96. p<0.001). Conclusions: The clinical efficacy of TMS therapies for MDD can enhanced by leveraging the mechanism of action of protocols such as iTBS. Supported By: NARSAD Keywords: Major Depression, TMS, NMDAR
Targeting Different Circuits to Modify Different Symptoms With TMS$$$ Background: Treatment of different depression symptoms may require different brain stimulation targets with different underlying brain circuits. Identifying such targets could improve the efficacy of therapeutic brain stimulation and facilitate personalized therapy. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed two independent cohorts of patients who received left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for treatment of depression (discovery sample, N=30; active replication sample, N=81; sham replication sample, N=87). Each patient’s TMS site was mapped to underlying brain circuits using functional connectivity MRI from a large connectome database (N=1,000). Circuits associated with improvement in each depression symptom were identified and then clustered based on similarity. We tested for reproducibility across data sets and whether symptom-specific targets derived from one data set could predict symptom improvement in the other independent cohort. Results: We identified two distinct circuit targets effective for two discrete clusters of depressive symptoms. Dysphoric symptoms, such as sadness and anhedonia, responded best to stimulation of one circuit, while anxiety and somatic symptoms responded best to stimulation of a different circuit. These circuit maps were reproducible, predicted symptom improvement in independent patient cohorts, and were specific to active versus sham stimulation. The maps predicted symptom improvement in an exploratory analysis of stimulation sites from 14 clinical TMS trials. Conclusions: Distinct clusters of depressive symptoms responded better to different TMS targets across independent retrospective data sets. These symptom-specific targets can be prospectively tested in a randomized clinical trial. This data-driven approach for identifying symptom-specific targets may prove useful for other disorders and facilitate personalized neuromodulation therapy. Funding Source: Sidney R Baer Foundation Keywords: TMS, Depression, Anxiety, BOLD fMRI
Effects of Stimulation Site, Context, and Trauma History on Response to rTMS Treatment Among Patients With PTSD or Depression With Trauma$$$ Background: Patient and context may influence treatment but are understudied in brain stimulation. Ideal brain stimulation protocols may depend on interactions between brain state and factors like trauma. Methods: 45 patients had randomized treatment site (rs-fMRI peak seeding subgenual anterior cingulate or 6cm anterior of motor cortex) and task (relaxing videos vs. working memory) between iTBS rTMS. Depression (MADRS) and PTSD (PCL) trajectories were modeled using linear mixed models. We built exploratory models with number of traumas as a possible influence on symptom improvements potentially dependent on stimulation site and psychological context during treatment. Results: MADRS and PCL scores improved. There was a 3-way interaction between site, task, and traumas on MADRS improvement (t(32.97)=-3.19, p=0.003). For patients with fewer traumas, improvements were strongest for fMRI-guided TMS targets combined with working memory. The weakest improvement was observed for 6cm targets with working memory. For the highest trauma tertile, fMRI-guided with relaxation did best whereas fMRI-guided with working memory had the smallest improvement. The same pattern was observed for PTSD (3-way interaction; t(33.05)=-3.12, p=0.003). For the lowest trauma tertile, PTSD symptoms improved most for fMRI-guided targets with working memory whereas the weakest improvement was observed for 6cm targets with relaxation. For the high trauma tertile, 6cm with working memory + relaxation combined with fMRI-guided targeting improved the PCL most whereas fMRI-guided stimulation with working memory induction was worst. Conclusions: Our analysis is an initial step in making tailored brain stimulation treatments that choose stimulation site and psychological context based on trauma history for maximizing symptom improvement. Funding Source: Cures Within Reach (Cure Accelerator); Penn Medicine Keywords: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), MDD, PTSD, Brain Imaging, fMRI, Individualized Treatment
P373. Evidences for 10 Hz rTMS-Mediated LTP$$$ Background: Our understanding of how repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) changes the human brain on a cellular level is incomplete. Long-term potentiation (LTP) is a popular candidate mechanism, but has lacked specificity in human studies. Methods: We tested the sufficiency of n-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor agonism with d-cycloserine (DCS) vs. placebo in a double-blind randomized crossover study on motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) from ten healthy adults before and after a 10 Hz rTMS ‘plasticity protocol’ (300 pulses, 1.5s on, 58.5 s off, 80% motor threshold (MT)). Brain excitability was measured with single-pulse MEPs and MT at 15 minute increments for 1-hour after rTMS including cortical-silent period, input/output (I/O) curves, and paired-pulse TMS (intracortical inhibition and facilitation (ICI, ICF)). These were obtained from a subthreshold conditioning pulse followed by a suprathreshold test pulse at 3 ms and 15 ms apart, respectively. 100 mg d-cycloserine (DCS) or identical placebo capsule was administered 2 hours before rTMS. Results: In the DCS condition, MEPs were enhanced over the course of 1-hour after rTMS vs placebo (p = 0.038; effect size = 0.387), ICF showed significantly less facilitation after rTMS (p = 0.037, Cohen’s d = 1.13), and ICI showed significantly more inhibition after rTMS (p = 0.027, Cohen’s d = 1.16). Conclusions: Evidences suggesting that 10-Hz rTMS may produce facilitation through LTP include enhanced MEP facilitation over 1-hour peaking at 30 minutes; an apparent occlusion effect when superimposed with ICF, and an apparent homeostatic depression effect when superimposed with ICI. Supported By: NIGMS, NIDA Keywords: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), Long-Term Potentiation (LTP), Motor Evoked Potential (MEP)
Individualizing Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Amplitude to Improve Clinical Outcomes$$$ Background: ECT remains the gold-standard treatment for patients with depressive episodes, but the underlying mechanisms for antidepressant response and cognitive side effects have yet to be elucidated. Amplitude determines the electric field (E-field) magnitude but is currently fixed at 800 or 900 mA. Here, we aim to determine the relationships between E-field strength, hippocampal neuroplasticity, and antidepressant and cognitive outcomes. Methods: Subjects (n = 53) were randomized to right unilateral electrode placement with 600, 700, and 800 mA amplitudes and received imaging, clinical and cognitive assessment pre- and post-ECT. Linear models assessed the relationships with E-field, hippocampal volume change and clinical outcomes. Results: We demonstrated a linear relationship between right hippocampal E-field and right hippocampal volume change (t47 = 2.52, p = 0.02). Right hippocampal volume change mediated right hippocampal E-field and antidepressant outcomes. In contrast, right hippocampal E-field was directly related to cognitive outcomes as measured by phonemic fluency (t44 = −2.44, p = 0.02). We used receiver operating characteristic curves to determine that the maximal right hippocampal E-field associated with cognitive safety was 112.5 V/m (AUC 0.78, 95% CI: 0.64–0.93). Right hippocampal E-field strength was related to the whole-brain ratio of E-field strength per unit of stimulation current, but this whole-brain ratio was unrelated to antidepressant or cognitive outcomes. Conclusions: To improve the accuracy and precision of ECT dosing, we propose two methods to individualize ECT amplitude: “E-field-informed-ECT” and amplitude-determined seizure threshold. Both methods will result in consistent E-field strength despite variance in anatomic features typically associated with E-field variability. Funding Source: MH125126 Keywords: Electroconvulsie Therapy, Antidepressant Response, Cognitive Impairment, Structural MRI, Electrical Field Modeling
P249. A Single Session of Bifrontal tDCS Can Improve Facial Emotion Recognition in Major Depressive Disorder: An Exploratory Pilot Study$$$ Background: Emotional processing deficits are key features in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Neuroimaging studies reported that the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) play a pivotal role in both depressive symptoms and emotional processing. Recently, transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) applied over the DLPFC hold promises to alleviate symptoms in patients with MDD. Here, we investigated the effect of DLPFC-tDCS on emotional processing measured by a facial emotion recognition task (FER) in patients with MDD. Methods: In a randomized sham-controlled study, 35 patients with treatment-resistant MDD were randomized to receive 1 session (30 min) of either active (2 mA, n = 18) or sham tDCS (n=17). The anode was placed over the left and the cathode over the right DLPFC. FER with morphed faces from the 6 primary emotion was assessed before and after the stimulation session. Results: Results showed an overall improvement in FER performance after the session of active tDCS, mainly drive by an improved recognition of Sad. No effect of sham stimulation was observed. Conclusions: Although exploratory, results suggested an early improvement in social cognition following a single session of active tDCS in patients with MDD. Supported By: Lyon 2 université Keywords: Depression, Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), Emotion Recognition Task (ERT)
P342. Modulation of Depression-Relevant Circuitry by Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS)$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique under investigation for treating depression. However, mixed findings from recent clinical trials have highlighted the need to evaluate the targeting of depression-relevant brain regions by tDCS in-vivo. Methods: Fifty-nine moderately depressed participants (baseline HDRS scores ≥14 and <24) were randomized to receive active or sham stimulation via conventional F3-F8 (10-20 EEG system) or focal High-Definition (HD) tDCS using a double-blind parallel design (n=20/19/20 in Active-HD, Active-Conventional, and Sham groups). tDCS was targeted at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and administered using a block-design during functional MRI. The acquired imaging data was modeled using a general linear model following standard practices, with the applied tDCS block-design waveform as predictor. The predictor parameter estimates are interpretable as tDCS induced changes in neural activity, and were investigated at the group level using a 1-sample t-test. Results: Significant (p<0.05, family-wise corrected) activity increases were observed at the left DLPFC, anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), caudate, putamen and insula regions in the active-HD group. Significant decreases were observed in the hippocampus, amygdala and motor cortex in the active-conventional group. No changes were observed for sham tDCS. Conclusions: Depression is associated with hypoactivity in the emotion-regulating frontoparietal and association regions (including the DLPFC and ACC) and with hyperactivity in the limbic regions (including the hippocampus and amygdala). Both tDCS setups were observed to significantly modulate activity in these implicated brain networks in the expected direction. Future work will investigate correlations between tDCS-induced activity changes and mood outcomes. Supported By: R33MH110526 Keywords: BOLD Functional MRI, Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), Depression
P275. Accelerated Theta Burst Stimulation in the Treatment of Major Depression$$$ Background: Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is a newer form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with proven efficacy and safety in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). Recently the use of accelerated rTMS and intermittent TBS (iTBS) protocols to speed the treatment response have been investigated. Here, we examined the efficacy and safety of accelerated bilateral TBS in MDD Methods: In this open label pilot study, 26 patients with MDD (61.5%: women; mean age (SD): 44.88 (12.11) resistant to one antidepressant, received bilateral TBS, 5 times per day for 5 days (25 sessions). They received combined intermittent TBS (iTBS) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex DLPFC and continuous TBS (cTBS) to the right (DLPFC). Outcome measures were post-treat treatment changes at day 5 and 19 (14 days after the treatment) in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and response (≥ 50% reduction from the baseline scores) remission (≤ 10) rates. Results: Accelerated iTBS/cTBS treatment resulted in a significant reduction in MADRS scores at day 5 and 19 post-treatment (p<0.001). The response rates increased from 19.2% at day 5 to 30.8% at day 19 suggesting delayed clinical effects. Remission rates were similar (11.5%) at both time points. The side effects were transient and mild. No patient discontinued treatment Conclusions: This is the first report suggesting accelerated bilateral TBS may be clinically effective and safe treatment for MDD. Randomized controlled trials including sham and active comparators (iTBS) in large sample are needed to establish the therapeutic role of accelerated bilateral TBS in depression. Supported By: Mathison Centre for mental health research and education, University of Calgary Keywords: Accelerated Theta Burst, Major Depression, Bilateral DLPFC Stimulation
P 49 Polysymptomatic TMS treatment with the H1 coil compared to the figure of 8 coil leads to more uniform changes across symptom clusters in patients with major depression disorder$$$ Question: A diagnosis of Major Depressive disorder (MDD) often indicates the presence of multiple symptoms and disorders. This is both because MDD itself is a heterogenous syndrome and because as with many psychiatric disorders, comorbidity is common. Effective treatments therefore must be able to treat these multiple symptoms. A recent publication showed that high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied with a figure of 8 (F8) coil effects distinct clusters of symptoms in MDD patients differently depending on the placement of the coil (Siddiqi et al. 2020). While this finding is an important step in understanding the mechanism behind clinical rTMS, it also presents a tremendous challenge. Stimulating the target for each symptom cluster would require additional sessions to the current treatment protocol to treat each cluster in series. However, the authors hypothesize that a larger coil that stimulates all cluster targets simultaneously would be more effective at poly-symptomatic treatment by uniformly modulating multiple clusters. We test this hypothesis using data collected from the only head to head study of F8 and the broader H1 coils and tested whether the correlations of changes between clusters were higher for the H1 coil than the F8 coil. Methods: Data was collected from 137 MDD patients randomized to 20 sessions of H1 (n=65) or F8 coil (n=72). Patients received 10 Hz or 18 Hz stimulation for the F8 and H1 arms respectively at 120% MT (Filipčić et al. 2019). Questions from the HAM-D17 were clustered into dysphoric, anxiosomatic, and insomnia and the difference at the endpoint from the baseline of the average symptom severity in each cluster was calculated. Results: All pairwise correlation coefficients between changes in symptom cluster severity are significant for the H1 coil while only the correlation coefficient for the dysphoric with the anxiosomatic clusters is significant for the F8 coil. A z-score test shows that the higher correlation between the dysphoric and anxiosomatic clusters with the H1 (r = 0.54, p = 0.3*10-5) versus F8 coil (r = 0.32, p = 0.006) is nearly significant (p=0.058). Conclusions: While use of both coils leads to a reduction of severity in the symptom clusters across the patient population, the higher correlations between changes in symptom clusters seen with the H1 coil mean more uniform changes in individual patients. This is of notable practical importance as it allows for poly-symptomatic treatment even when only targeting the core symptoms of depression as first proposed by Siddiqi et al. References: Filipčić I, et al. Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an H1-Coil in treatment of major depressive disorder; A randomized clinical trial. Journal of Psychiatric Research. 2019 Jul 1;114:113–9. Siddiqi SH, et al. Distinct Symptom-Specific Treatment Targets for Circuit-Based Neuromodulation. AJP. 2020 Mar 12;177(5):435–46.
Rehabilitation of Cognitive Deficits Poststroke: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Background: Despite the prevalence of cognitive impairment poststroke, there is uncertainty regarding interventions to improve cognitive function poststroke. This systematic review and meta-analysis evaluate the effectiveness of rehabilitation interventions across multiple domains of cognitive function. Methods: Five databases were searched from inception to August 2019. Eligible studies included randomized controlled trials of rehabilitation interventions for people with stroke when compared with other active interventions or standard care where cognitive function was an outcome. Results: Sixty-four randomized controlled trials (n=4005 participants) were included. Multiple component interventions improved general cognitive functioning (MD, 1.56 [95% CI, 0.69-2.43]) and memory (standardized MD, 0.49 [95% CI, 0.27-0.72]) compared with standard care. Physical activity interventions improved neglect (MD, 13.99 [95% CI, 12.67-15.32]) and balance (MD, 2.97 [95% CI, 0.71-5.23]) compared with active controls. Noninvasive brain stimulation impacted neglect (MD, 20.79 [95% CI, 14.53-27.04) and functional status (MD, 14.02 [95% CI, 8.41-19.62]) compared with active controls. Neither cognitive rehabilitation (MD, 0.37 [95% CI, -0.94 to 1.69]) nor occupational-based interventions (MD, 0.45 [95% CI, -1.33 to 2.23]) had a significant effect on cognitive function compared with standard care. Conclusions: There is some evidence to support multiple component interventions, physical activity interventions, and noninvasive brain stimulation improving cognitive function poststroke. Findings must be interpreted with caution given the overall moderate to high risk of bias, heterogeneity of interventions, and outcome measures across studies.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Fibromyalgia: An Updated Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: Meta-analysis was performed to evaluate the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in fibromyalgia on the domains of pain, depression, anxiety and quality of life. Method: Publications were searched with the keywords “repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation” and “fibromyalgia” for randomized controlled trials that compare rTMS with sham stimulation for treating pain, depression, anxiety, and quality of life. Trials available until April 2021 were searched through PubMed, Scopus, Web of Science, and Cochrane Controlled Trials Register. The postintervention scores after 4 weeks for pain, depression, anxiety, and quality of life were extracted to compare the effects of rTMS and sham. Subgroup analysis was conducted based on the stimulation site. Results: From 265 screened articles, 11 eligible randomized controlled trials involving 303 patients were included. The results show that rTMS is more effective than sham stimulation in improving pain (standardized mean difference [SMD] = −0.35; 95% confidence interval [CI] = −0.62 to −0.08; p = .01) and quality of life (SMD = −0.51; 95% CI = −0.78 to −0.23; p = .0003). It is not more effective than sham stimulation for depression, and anxiety. After sensitivity analysis, subgroup analysis revealed that primary motor cortex stimulation was more effective than sham for improving pain (SMD = −0.57; 95% CI = −0.91 to −0.23; p = <0.01). Neither dorsolateral prefrontal cortex nor primary motor cortex stimulation was more effective than sham in improving depression and anxiety. Conclusions: rTMS is more effective than sham in improving pain and quality of life, but it does not demonstrate reduction in depression or anxiety.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) versus 10 Hz high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to alleviate treatment-resistant unipolar depression: A randomized controlled trial (THETA-DEP)$$$ Background: Recently intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) proved to be non-inferior to conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (10 Hz rTMS) in unipolar depression after failure of one antidepressant trial, but to date no randomized control trial assessed the ability of iTBS to improve depression level and quality of life in more resistant features of depression with a long-term (6 month) follow-up in comparison to 10 Hz rTMS. Objectives/Hypothesis: The aim of our study was to compare the efficacy of 10 Hz rTMS and iTBS in treatment-resistant unipolar depression on response rates (50% decrease of MADRS scores at one month from baseline) and change in quality of life during a 6-month follow-up. In addition, we investigated whether some clinical features at baseline were associated with the response in the different groups. Method: Sixty patients were randomized in a double-blind, controlled study at the University Hospital Center of Nantes, and received 20 sessions of either rTMS or iTBS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex targeted by neuronavigation. Statistical analysis used Fischer's exact test and Chi-square test as appropriate, linear mixed model, and logistic regression (occurrence of depressive relapse and factors associated with the therapeutic response). Results: Included patients showed in mean more than 3 antidepressants trials. Response rates were 36.7% and 33.3%, and remission rates were 18.5% and 14.8%, in the iTBS and 10 Hz rTMS groups respectively. Both groups showed a similar significant reduction in depression scores and quality of life improvement at 6 months. We did not find any clinical predictive factor of therapeutic response in this sample. Conclusion: Our study suggests the clinical interest of iTBS stimulation (which is more time saving and cost-effective as conventional rTMS) to provide long-lasting improvement of depression and quality of life in highly resistant unipolar depression.
A single-center prospective randomized controlled study of estazolam combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of elderly patients with chronic insomnia$$$ Objective To investigate the effect of estazolam combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treatment of elderly patients with chronic insomnia. Methods A total of 148 elderly patients with chronic insomnia treated in Suining Central Hospital from October 2018 to October 2020 were prospectively selected as the research objects. The patients were randomly divided into drug group (n = 49), rTMS group (n = 49) and combined group (n = 50). Patients in the drug group were given Estazolam Tablets, 1 mg orally before going to sleep at night, once a day. Patients in the rTMS group were given low-frequency rTMS and applied YRD CCY-1 transcranial magnetic stimulator. The sitting position was taken and placed at the acupoints of Sishencong, Anmian, Benshen, Baihui and Shenting. The stimulation frequency was 1 Hz. The stimulation time was selected for 50 s in each sequence, with an interval of 5 s. 1 500 pulses were treated continuously, once a day. Patients in the the combined group were given Estazolam Tablets + low-frequency rTMS. The usage and dosage of Estazolam Tablets were the same as those in the drug group, and the specific steps of low-frequency rTMS were the same as those in the rTMS group. All three groups were treated for one month. The clinical efficacy and adverse reactions of the three groups were compared. Before and after treatment, Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI), polysomnography (PSG) related indexes [sleep latency (SOL), sleep efficiency (SE), rapid eye movement (REM)], episodic memory indexes [auditory word memory test (AVMT), including short delayed memory, long delayed memory, immediate memory], self rating anxiety scale (SAS), self rating depression scale (SDS), neurotransmitters[γ -aminobutyric acid (GABA), 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT), norepinephrine (NE)] levels. Results After one month of treatment, the total effective rate of the combined group was 92.00%, and that of the drug group and rTMS group were 75.51% and 71.43% respectively. The total effective rate of the combined group was significantly higher than that of the drug group and rTMS group (P < 0.05). There was no statistical difference between the drug group and rTMS group (P > 0.05). There was no significant difference in PSQI score, SOL, SE and REM among the three groups before treatment (P > 0.05). One month after treatment, the PSQI score, SOL, SE and REM of the three groups were significantly improved compared with those before treatment (P < 0.05). One month after treatment, the PSQI score of the combined group was significantly lower than that of the drug group and rTMS group (P < 0.05), the SOL was significantly shorter than that of the drug group and rTMS group (P < 0.05), and the SE and REM were significantly higher than that of the drug group and rTMS group (P < 0.05). After one month of treatment, SOL in the drug group was significantly shorter than that in the rTMS group, and SE and REM were significantly higher than those in the rTMS group (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in AVMT scores between the three groups before treatment (P > 0.05). After one month of treatment, the AVMT scores of the three groups were significantly higher than those before treatment (P < 0.05). One month after treatment, the scores of short delayed memory, long delayed memory and immediate memory in the combined group were higher than those in the drug group and rTMS group (P < 0.05), and the indexes in rTMS group were significantly higher than those in the drug group (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference in SAS and SDS scores among the three groups before treatment (P > 0.05). After one month of treatment, the scores of SAS and SDS in the three groups were significantly lower than those before treatment (P < 0.05). After one month of treatment, the scores of SAS and SDS in the combined group were significantly lower than those in the drug group and rTMS group (P < 0.05). There was no significant difference between the drug group and rTMS group (P > 0.05). There was no significant difference in serum GABA, 5-HT and NE levels among the three groups before treatment (P > 0.05). One month after treatment, the levels of serum GABA and 5-HT in the three groups were significantly higher than those before treatment (P < 0.05), and the level of NE was significantly lower than those before treatment (P < 0.05). After one month of treatment, the levels of serum 5-HT and GABA in the combined group were significantly higher than those in the drug group and rTMS group (P < 0.05), and the levels of NE were significantly lower than those in the drug group and rTMS group (P < 0.05). After one month of treatment, there was no significant difference in the levels of serum 5-HT, GABA and NE between the drug group and rTMS group (P > 0.05). There was no significant difference in the total incidence of adverse reactions among the three groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion Estazolam combined with rTMS is effective in the treatment of chronic insomnia in the elderly. It is beneficial to regulate the level of neurotransmitters, improve sleep quality, reduce the degree of anxiety and depression, improve memory function, and has high safety.
Racemic Ketamine as an Alternative to Electroconvulsive Therapy for Unipolar Depression: A Randomized, Open-Label, Non-Inferiority Trial (KetECT)$$$ Background: Ketamine has emerged as a fast-acting and powerful antidepressant, but no head to head trial has been performed, Here, ketamine is compared with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), the most effective therapy for depression. Methods: Hospitalized patients with unipolar depression were randomized (1:1) to thrice-weekly racemic ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) infusions or ECT in a parallel, open-label, non-inferiority study. The primary outcome was remission (Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale score ≤10). Secondary outcomes included adverse events (AEs), time to remission, and relapse. Treatment sessions (maximum of 12) were administered until remission or maximal effect was achieved. Remitters were followed for 12 months after the final treatment session. Results: In total 186 inpatients were included and received treatment. Among patients receiving ECT, 63% remitted compared with 46% receiving ketamine infusions (P =. 026; difference 95% CI 2%, 30%). Both ketamine and ECT required a median of 6 treatment sessions to induce remission. Distinct AEs were associated with each treatment. Serious and long-lasting AEs, including cases of persisting amnesia, were more common with ECT, while treatment-emergent AEs led to more dropouts in the ketamine group. Among remitters, 70% and 63%, with 57 and 61 median days in remission, relapsed within 12 months in the ketamine and ECT groups, respectively (P =. 52). Conclusion: Remission and cumulative symptom reduction following multiple racemic ketamine infusions in severely ill patients (age 18-85 years) in an authentic clinical setting suggest that ketamine, despite being inferior to ECT, can be a safe and valuable tool in treating unipolar depression.
(PO-006) Psychosis in Huntington's Disease Responsive to Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT): A Case Report$$$ Background: Huntington’s disease (HD) is an autosomal dominant neurodegenerative disease that is characterized by motor disturbances, cognitive impairment, and psychiatric symptoms. Psychotic symptoms occur in 3%-11% of patients with HD (Van Duijn et al, 2014). Neuropsychiatric symptoms can be challenging to treat, are distressing to patients, are burdensome to caregivers and families, and may be predictive of residential care needs. Case: We present a case of a 57-year-old male with a diagnosis of Huntington's disease, who presented to the medical hospital with auditory and visual hallucinations, paranoid delusions, impulsivity, depressive symptoms, and suicidal ideation. Patient was managed by the Consultation Liaison Psychiatry Service, where multiple medication trials (Quetiapine, Olanzapine, Valproic acid, Escitalopram, Trazodone, Clonazepam) were attempted without benefit. He worsened and began refusing food and fluid intake with accompanying catatonic symptoms (Bush Francis Catatonia Rating Scale Score=6; stupor- 1, mutism-2, staring-1, withdrawal-2). Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was provided in 14 acute phase treatments resulting in significant improvement in psychosis, catatonia (Bush Francis Catatonia Rating Scale Score=0), depression, and overall functioning. The patient was discharged to a long-term care facility. He presented again to the medical hospital after a year, with sepsis and during the prolonged admission, began exhibiting worsening irritability, auditory hallucinations and catatonic symptoms (Bush Francis Catatonia Rating Scale Score=10; stupor- 1, mutism-2, posturing-3, staring-1, withdrawal-3). ECT was again provided in 22 acute phase treatments with improvement in catatonia (Bush Francis Catatonia Rating Scale Score=0), psychosis and mood. Discussion: Psychotic symptoms in HD are thought to be associated with greater cognitive decline, functional deficits, increased incidence of behavioral disturbances, and increased risk for suicide (Connors et al, 2020). This case supports that additional consideration should be given to the use of ECT as an adjunct in treatment resistant cases as well as in cases with wider psychiatric manifestations such as mood and psychotic symptoms. ECT may control these symptoms more effectively and reduce overall polypharmacy (Mowafi et al, 2021), as was evident in this case. Conclusion: There is limited evidence with regards to treatment of psychotic and depressive symptoms in HD. Antipsychotics and antidepressants can be useful but other than what is reported in a few case series or case reports, there are no randomized controlled trials to guide treatment choices. ECT can simplify polypharmacy and allow better symptom control in patients with debilitating psychiatric manifestations of HD. References: 1. Van Duijn E, Craufurd D, Hubers AAM, et al. Neuropsychiatric symptoms in a European Huntington’s disease cohort (registry). J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2014 Dec;85(12):1411-8. doi: 10.1136/jnnp-2013-307343. Epub 2014 May 14. PMID: 24828898. 2. Connors MH, Teixeira-Pinto A, Loy CT. Psychosis and longitudinal outcomes in Huntington disease: the COHORT Study. J Neurol Neurosurg Psychiatry. 2020 Jan;91(1):15-20. doi: 10.1136/jnnp-2019-320646. Epub 2019 Oct 13. PMID: 31611263 3. Mowafi W, Millard J. Electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression, psychosis and chorea in a patient with Huntington's disease: case report and review of the literature. BJPsych Bull. 2021 Apr;45(2):97-104. doi: 10.1192/bjb.2020.51. PMID: 32513333; PMCID: PMC8111993.
SENIOR RESEARCH AWARD - THE PROGRESSION OF RTMS THERAPY FROM GOOD IDEA TO MAINSTREAM INTERVENTION: THE JOURNEY AND LESSONS FOR NEW TREATMENT INNOVATION IN A CONSERVATIVE PROFESSION$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment for depression has been developed in a process of predominantly investigator-driven research and development that has taken over 25 years. Objectives: To review the development of rTMS treatment of depression and lessons for therapeutic development in psychiatry more broadly. Methods: A historical overview and synthesis of several recent systematic reviews. Findings: The process of developing transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatment for depression began with small case series, progressing to single-site clinical trials and then to larger multisite randomised double-blind controlled trials. Antidepressant effects have been confirmed in numerous meta-analyses followed more recently by large network meta-analysis and umbrella reviews, with evidence that rTMS may have greater efficacy than alternatives for patients with treatment-resistant depression. Finally, rTMS has been shown to produce meaningful response and remission rates in real-world samples of greater than 5000 patients. Despite this overwhelming evidence base, clinical translation of rTMS has been challenging due to the need to develop clinical infrastructure, funding models and overcome the resistance of a conservative profession with established models of treatment intervention. Conclusion: rTMS is increasingly becoming a mainstay of therapy for patients with depression in Australia, in part due to the growing availability of funding support including through Medicare. The process of developing TMS treatment strongly argues for the need to address translational questions during therapy development from early stages and all the way through the process of development and evaluation.
ECT IN ADOLESCENTS AND CHILDREN: TWO CASE REPORTS AND A TARGETED REVIEW OF THE LITERATURE$$$ Objectives: To update attendees on the role of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in young people. The use of ECT in adolescents and children is controversial and is often formally regulated in Mental Health Acts in most jurisdictions. Method: Brief presentations of two case reports describing courses of ECT provided to young people: (1) a 16-year old with an eating disorder and depression and (2) a 16-year old with autistic catatonia. This will be followed by a targeted literature review of this area. Findings and conclusion: Although randomised controlled trials are sparse, the literature includes a range of case reports, case series and open-label trials. The literature suggests that ECT is safe and effective in adolescents for similar indications as adults, with self-injurious behaviour in developmental disorders being a special indication in a small number of young people. Involvement of a childand- adolescent psychiatrist, and the young person's family, as well as adherence to local legislative requirements are important if considering ECT in this age group.
Long-Term Efficacy and Safety of Deutetrabenazine (DTBZ) in Patients with Chorea Associated with Huntington's Disease (HD)$$$ Objective: To assess efficacy and safety of DTBZ in patients with HD chorea in the three-year, open-label extension (OLE) study (ARC HD), including a post hoc safety analysis in patients receiving doses ≤48 and > 48 mg/d. Background: DTBZ is FDA-approved for the treatment of chorea in HD. In the pivotal First-HD trial, DTBZ treatment (up to 48 mg/d) reduced the Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale (UHDRS) total maximal chorea (TMC) score versus placebo over 12 weeks. In the long-term OLE study (ARC-HD), efficacy and safety of DTBZ were evaluated, with doses ranging from 6 to 72 mg/d. Methods: Patients who completed First-HD (Rollover) and patients who converted overnight from a stable dose of tetrabenazine (Switch) were included in ARC-HD. Doses were increased by 6 mg/d per week in a response-driven manner up to 48 mg/d (Week 8). Further increases were permitted by 12 mg/d per week up to 72 mg/d. A post-titration time point of 8 weeks was used for efficacy analyses. Safety was assessed over the entire treatment period; exposure-adjusted incidence rates (EAIRs; adverse events [AEs] per person-year) were calculated. EAIRs for selected AEs were evaluated in a post hoc analysis of patients receiving doses ≤48 and > 48 mg/d during the stable dose period. Results: Of 119 patients (Rollover, n = 82; Switch, n = 37), 81 (68%) completed long-term follow-up and 100 (84%) completed ≥1 year of treatment. Mean ± SD changes from baseline to Wk 8 in the Rollover and Switch cohorts, respectively, were - 4.5 ± 3.1 and - 2.1 ± 3.3 for total maximal chorea (TMC) score and - 7.1 ± 7.3 and - 2.4 ± 8.7 for total motor score (TMS). Mean ± SD changes from Wk 8 to Wk 145 were - 0.5 ± 5.2 for TMC and 8.2 ± 11.9 for TMS in the total population. DTBZ was generally well tolerated in both cohorts (Table). Common AEs (≥4% either cohort) included somnolence (Rollover, 20%; Switch, 30%), depression (32%; 22%), anxiety (27%; 35%), insomnia (23%; 16%), and akathisia (6%; 11%). A total of 49 patients were ever exposed to doses >48 mg/d; there were no differences in EAIRs for patients receiving doses ≤48 mg/d or > 48 mg/d. Conclusion: AEs observed with long-term DTBZ exposure in patients with HD chorea were consistent with First-HD. Efficacy in reducing chorea persisted over time. Some HD patients may benefit from doses >48 mg/d to control chorea, which were tolerated without increased EAIRs for selected AEs.
Fatigue in Multiple Sclerosis: A Review of the Exploratory and Therapeutic Potential of Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation$$$ Fatigue is the most commonly reported symptom in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). It is a worrisome, frequent, and debilitating manifestation that could occur at any time during the course of MS and in all its subtypes. It could engender professional, familial, and socioeconomic consequences and could severely compromise the patients' quality of life. Clinically, the symptom exhibits motor, cognitive, and psychosocial facets. It is also important to differentiate between perceived or subjective self-reported fatigue and fatigability which is an objective measure of decrement in the performance of cognitive or motor tasks. The pathophysiology of MS fatigue is complex, and its management remains a challenge, despite the existing body of literature on this matter. Hence, unraveling its neural mechanisms and developing treatment options that target the latter might constitute a promising field to explore. A PubMed/Medline/Scopus search was conducted to perform this review which aims (a) to reappraise the available electrophysiological studies that explored fatigue in patients with MS with a particular focus on corticospinal excitability measures obtained using transcranial magnetic stimulation and (b) to assess the potential utility of employing neuromodulation (i.e., non-invasive brain stimulation techniques) in this context. A special focus will be put on the role of transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation. We have provided some suggestions that will help overcome the current limitations in upcoming research.
Clinical effects of continuous theta burst stimulation for generalized anxiety disorder and a mechanism involving α oscillations: a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) is a much more rapid protocol than low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), but no clinical trial has yet investigated the efficacy and mechanisms of cTBS for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder. The purpose of this study was to compare the clinical effects and α oscillations induced by cTBS versus 1 Hz rTMS as predictors of response, and to assess the underlying mechanisms of the therapeutic effects of cTBS in patients with generalized anxiety disorder. Methods: We randomly allocated 120 patients with generalized anxiety disorder to receive cTBS (n = 41), 1 Hz rTMS (n = 40) or sham cTBS (n = 39) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; we also included healthy controls (n = 30) to compare neurophysio-logical data. We analyzed changes in Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale scores and α oscillations (frequency and power) at baseline, post-treatment and 1-month follow-up. Results: After 20 sessions of treatment, patients’ anxiety had improved and α power had increased in the cTBS and 1 Hz rTMS groups. However, at 1-month follow-up the cTBS group had significantly more responders and remitters, and higher α oscillations than the 1 Hz rTMS group (post hoc analysis: cTBS > rTMS > sham). At baseline, α frequency was inversely correl-ated with psychological symptom scores on the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (r = −0.613, p < 0.001); post-treatment, this correlation was present only in the cTBS group (r = −0.685, p < 0.001). Limitations: Electroencephalography data were limited to the α band. Conclusion: Our findings provide evidence for the clinical use of cTBS, a novel brain stimulation protocol. Its therapeutic effects may be the result of increasing α frequency, thereby improving the psychological symptoms of generalized anxiety disorder.
Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation vs. High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Treatment of Methamphetamine Patients$$$ Background and Aims: In this brief report, we compare the effectiveness and safety of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) and conventional 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with methamphetamine use disorder (MAUD). Our study suggests that iTBS would also reduce drug craving in patients with MAUD just as the 10 Hz; thus, there may be no difference in treatment effects between these two methods. Methods: In total twenty male methamphetamine (MA) addicts were randomly assigned to iTBS (n = 10) or 10 Hz (n = 10) groups for 12 treatments. Cue-evoked cravings, anxiety, depression, and withdrawal symptoms were measured at baseline before the first treatment, and post-tests after days 10, 15, and 20. Results: The results showed that iTBS and 10 Hz treatment had similar effectiveness in reducing cue-induced craving in male addicts for MA. Both 10 Hz and iTBS improved withdrawal symptoms of patients with MAUD. Conclusions: Intermittent theta burst stimulation may be similar in effectiveness as 10 Hz in treating patients with MAUD. The clinical usefulness of rTMS could be improved substantially because of the increase in its capacity, cost, and accessibility. Importantly, the effectiveness of rTMS in the treatment of patients with MAUD is not yet proven, and should be tested in the large double-blind sham-controlled studies.
Brain Stimulation for Emotion Regulation in Adolescents With Psychiatric Disorders: Study Protocol for a Clinical-Transdiagnostical, Randomized, Triple-Blinded and Sham-Controlled Neurotherapeutic Trial$$$ Background: Anxiety, conduct and depressive disorders represent three highly prevalent psychiatric conditions in adolescents. A shared underpinning of these disorders is a shortcoming in emotion regulation, connected to the functioning of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex. Thus, an intervention able to target the suggested neural correlate seems to be highly desirable, aiming to hinder a maladaptive development of emotion regulation abilities and chronification of associated psychiatric disorders. As transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) was repeatedly demonstrated as a safe and non-invasive method to modulate specific brain activity, research is in demand to evaluate neurotherapeutic applications in adolescents with psychiatric disorders. Method: This transdiagnostic, randomized, triple-blind and sham-controlled clinical neurostimulation trial primary aims to investigate if emotion regulation abilities are increased after tDCS in adolescents with psychiatric disorders. Secondly, disorder-specific changes in the anxiety, depression or conduct disorder will be investigated, as well as changes in quality of life, and cognitive and emotional functioning after tDCS intervention. We will include 108 adolescents with psychiatric disorders, displaying a substantial deficit in emotion regulation. Of these, one third each has to be primarily diagnosed with a depressive, anxiety or conduct disorder, respectively. Participants will be randomized to the experimental group (n = 54) receiving real anodal tDCS, or to the control group (n = 54) receiving sham tDCS. Brain stimulation will be applied for 20 min on five consecutive days twice targeting the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC). Changes in emotion regulation, together with changes in disorder-specific clinical symptoms will be recorded by multi-informant psychological ratings. To inspect changes in behavior and gaze, computerized tasks and an eye tracker system will be used. Changes in brain responses to emotional and cognitive stimuli will be examined with three functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) paradigms. In addition, a resting state MRI will be acquired to investigate possible changes in brain connectivity. Discussion: By investigating “emotion regulation” as transdiagnostic treatment target, this project is oriented toward the Research Domain Criteria framework with a dimensional view on mental illness. The study aims at investigating the potential of tDCS as non-invasive intervention for depressive, anxiety and conduct disorders in adolescents and broadening the scientific foundation for its clinical application. Clinical Trial Registration: The study is ongoing and has been registered in the German Registry of Clinical Trials (DRKS-ID: DRKS00025601X) on the 28.06.2021.
Concurrent TMS-fMRI: Technical Challenges, Developments, and Overview of Previous Studies$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a promising treatment modality for psychiatric and neurological disorders. Repetitive TMS (rTMS) is widely used for the treatment of psychiatric and neurological diseases, such as depression, motor stroke, and neuropathic pain. However, the underlying mechanisms of rTMS-mediated neuronal modulation are not fully understood. In this respect, concurrent or simultaneous TMS-fMRI, in which TMS is applied during functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), is a viable tool to gain insights, as it enables an investigation of the immediate effects of TMS. Concurrent application of TMS during neuroimaging usually causes severe artifacts due to magnetic field inhomogeneities induced by TMS. However, by carefully interleaving the TMS pulses with MR signal acquisition in the way that these are far enough apart, we can avoid any image distortions. While the very first feasibility studies date back to the 1990s, recent developments in coil hardware and acquisition techniques have boosted the number of TMS-fMRI applications. As such, a concurrent application requires expertise in both TMS and MRI mechanisms and sequencing, and the hurdle of initial technical set up and maintenance remains high. This review gives a comprehensive overview of concurrent TMS-fMRI techniques by collecting (1) basic information, (2) technical challenges and developments, (3) an overview of findings reported so far using concurrent TMS-fMRI, and (4) current limitations and our suggestions for improvement. By sharing this review, we hope to attract the interest of researchers from various backgrounds and create an educational knowledge base.
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Cognitive Function in Patients With Stress-Related Depression: A Randomized Double-Blind fMRI and 1H-MRS Study$$$ Objectives: To reveal the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the improvement of cognitive function in patients with stress-related depression, and to enrich the neural mechanism(s) underlying rTMS so as to improve cognitive function in patients with stress-related depression. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of rTMS in patients with stress-related depression who were 18–40 years of age. Patients were randomly allocated to either a sham or experimental group in a 1:1 ratio. A 10-session rTMS protocol was used with 10-Hz stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Clinical assessments (HAMD, HAMA, DASS, MoCA), neuropsychologic (Stroop, WCST), and resting state fMRI and 1H-MRS assessments were executed at two time points—baseline and after the 10th rTMS session. Results: rTMS relieved the mental symptoms of patients in both groups. The MoCA score of patients in the experimental group increased; the number of correct answers increased significantly in Stroop testing, and the number of errors and omissions decreased significantly; the number of persistent errors decreased significantly; and the time used to complete the test decreased to an even greater extent in the WCST experimental group. The ReHo value in the lingual gyrus of the right hemisphere and the cuneus of the left and right hemispheres in the experimental group decreased after treatment. The DC value in the left and right hemispheric cuneus and postcentral gyrus of the left hemisphere in the experimental group diminished after treatment. The functional connections of these brain regions also changed as the Cho and NAA/Cr of the left DLPFC changed, with alterations related to the improvement in cognitive function. The level of choline (Cho) in the left DLPFC of the experimental group was significantly lower than that of the control group, and the level of N-acetylaspartate/creatine (NAA/Cr) in the left DLPFC of the control group was significantly higher than that of the experimental group. These changes were related to the overall improvement in cognitive function. Conclusions: Ten-Hz rTMS over the left DLPFC improved the cognitive function of patients with stress-related depression. The governing mechanism for this phenomenon may be via rTMS effects on multiple visual-related brain regions and their functional connections, and on the somatosensory cortex and its functional connection with visual and auditory cortex, reducing the level of Cho and stabilizing the level of NAA/Cr in the left DLPFC.
A Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Trial of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for the Treatment of Persistent Postural-Perceptual Dizziness (PPPD)$$$ Background: Persistent postural-perceptual dizziness (PPPD) is a functional vestibular disorder that causes chronic dizziness interfering with daily activities. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has reportedly improved dizziness in patients with phobic postural vertigo in an open-label trial. However, no randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study has been conducted on its therapeutic efficacy in PPPD. Objective: This study was conducted to investigate the efficacy and safety of tDCS as an add-on treatment to pharmacotherapy in patients with PPPD. In addition, functional neuroimaging was used to identify the neural mechanisms underlying the effects of tDCS. Materials and Methods: In a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial, 24 patients diagnosed with PPPD were randomized to receive active (2 mA, 20 min) or sham tDCS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), administered in 15 sessions over 3 weeks. The clinical measures that assess the severity of dizziness, depression, and anxiety were collected at baseline, immediate follow-up, 1-month follow-up, and 3-month follow-up. Adverse events were also observed. The effect of tDCS on regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) was evaluated with single photon emission tomography before and after tDCS sessions. Results: For the primary outcome measure of the Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI) score, a significant main effect of time was found, but neither the treatment-by-time interaction effect nor the main effect of treatment was significant. For the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) score, there was a statistical significance for the treatment-by-time interaction effect and the main effect of time, but not for the main effect of treatment. However, the treatment-by-time interaction effect and the main effect of time on HDRS score appear to be due to one data point, an increase in depressive symptoms reported by the sham group at the 3-month follow-up. For the Activities-specific Balance Confidence (ABC) Scale and the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale scores, there were no significant main effects of time, treatment, and treatment-by-time interaction. In a comparison with the changes in rCBF between the groups, a significant treatment-by-time interaction effect was found in the right superior temporal and left hippocampus, controlling for age and sex. Conclusion: Active tDCS was not found to be significantly more efficacious than sham tDCS on dizziness symptoms in patients with PPPD. It is conceivable that tDCS targeting the DLPFC may not be an optimal treatment option for reducing dizziness symptoms in PPPD. Our findings encourage further investigation on the effects of tDCS in PPPD, which considers different stimulation protocols in terms of stimulation site or the number of sessions. Clinical Trial Registration: cris.nih.go.kr, identifier: KCT0005068.
Critical role of rhythms in prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an alternative treatment for depression, but the neural correlates of the treatment are currently inconclusive, which might be a limit of conventional analytical methods. The present study aimed to investigate the neurophysiological evidence and potential biomarkers for rTMS and intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) treatment. A total of 61 treatment-resistant depression patients were randomly assigned to receive prolonged iTBS (piTBS; N = 19), 10 Hz rTMS (N = 20), or sham stimulation (N = 22). Each participant went through a treatment phase with resting state electroencephalography (EEG) recordings before and after the treatment phase. The aftereffects of stimulation showed that theta-alpha amplitude modulation frequency (fam) was associated with piTBS_Responder, which involves repetitive bursts delivered in the theta frequency range, whereas alpha carrier frequency (fc) was related to 10 Hz rTMS, which uses alpha rhythmic stimulation. In addition, theta-alpha amplitude modulation frequency was positively correlated with piTBS antidepressant efficacy, whereas the alpha frequency was not associated with the 10 Hz rTMS clinical outcome. The present study showed that TMS stimulation effects might be lasting, with changes of brain oscillations associated with the delivered frequency. Additionally, theta-alpha amplitude modulation frequency may be as a function of the degree of recovery in TRD with piTBS treatment and also a potential EEG-based predictor of antidepressant efficacy of piTBS in the early treatment stage, that is, first 2 weeks.
Large-scale structural network change correlates with clinical response to rTMS in depression$$$ Response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) among individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD) varies widely. The neural mechanisms underlying rTMS are thought to involve changes in large-scale networks. Whether structural network integrity and plasticity are associated with response to rTMS therapy is unclear. Structural MRIs were acquired from a series of 70 adult healthy controls and 268 persons with MDD who participated in two arms of a large randomized, non-inferiority trial, THREE-D, comparing intermittent theta-burst stimulation to high-frequency rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Patients were grouped according to percentage improvement on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Score at treatment completion. For the entire sample and then for each treatment arm, multivariate analyses were used to characterize structural covariance networks (SCN) from cortical gray matter thickness, volume, and surface area maps from T1-weighted MRI. The association between SCNs and clinical improvement was assessed. For both study arms, cortical thickness and volume SCNs distinguished healthy controls from MDD (p = 0.005); however, post-hoc analyses did not reveal a significant association between pre-treatment SCN expression and clinical improvement. We also isolated an anticorrelated SCN between the left DLPFC rTMS target site and the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex across cortical measures (p = 0.0004). Post-treatment change in cortical thickness SCN architecture was associated with clinical improvement in treatment responders (p = 0.001), but not in non-responders. Structural network changes may underpin clinical response to rTMS, and SCNs are useful for understanding the pathophysiology of depression and neural mechanisms of plasticity and response to circuit-based treatments.
Low-Dose Augmentation With Buprenorphine for Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Multisite Randomized Controlled Trial With Multimodal Assessment of Target Engagement$$$ Background: The experimental therapeutics approach that combines a placebo-controlled clinical trial with translational neuroscience methods can provide a better understanding of both the clinical and physiological effects of pharmacotherapy. We aimed to test the efficacy and tolerability of low-dose augmentation with buprenorphine (BPN) for treatment-resistant depression, combined with multimodal assessment of target engagement. Methods: In this multisite randomized clinical trial, 85 participants ≥50 years of age with a major depressive episode that had not responded to venlafaxine extended release were randomized to augmentation with BPN or placebo for 8 weeks. The primary outcome measure was the Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale. In addition, three linked experiments were conducted to test target engagement: 1) functional magnetic resonance imaging using the monetary incentive delay task, 2) brain positron emission tomography of healthy participants using a novel kappa opioid receptor antagonist tracer [11C]LY2795050, and 3) transcranial magnetic stimulation measure of cortical transmission after daily BPN administration. Results: The mean ± SD dosage of BPN was 0.59 ± 0.33 mg/day. There were no significant differences between the BPN and placebo groups in Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale changes over time or adverse effects. BPN administration had minimal effects on functional magnetic resonance imaging blood oxygen level–dependent responses in regions involved in reward anticipation and response, no significant displacement of kappa opioid receptor radioligand in positron emission tomography imaging, and no significant changes in transcranial magnetic stimulation measures of inhibitory and excitatory cortical transmission. Conclusions: Our findings suggest a lack of clinical effect of low-dose BPN augmentation and lack of target engagement with this dosage and physiological probes.
The Effectiveness of Predicting Suicidal Ideation through Depressive Symptoms and Social Isolation Using Machine Learning Techniques$$$ (1) Background: Social isolation is a major risk factor for suicidal ideation. In this study, we investigated whether the evaluation of both depression and social isolation in combination could effectively predict suicidal ideation; (2) Methods: A total of 7994 data collected from community residents were analyzed. Statistical analysis was performed using age, the Patient Health Questionnaire-9, and the Lubben Social Network Scale as predictors as the dependent variables for suicidal ideation; machine learning (ML) methods K-Nearest Neighbors, Random Forest, and Neural Network Classification were used; (3) Results: The prediction of suicidal ideation using depression and social isolation showed high area under the curve (0.643–0.836) and specificity (0.959–0.987) in all ML techniques. In the predictor model (model 2) that additionally evaluated social isolation, the validation accuracy consistently increased compared to the depression-only model (model 1); (4) Conclusions: It is confirmed that the machine learning technique using depression and social isolation can be an effective method when predicting suicidal ideation.
Comparing the Effect of Methylphenidate and Anodal tDCS on Inhibitory Control and Working-Memory in Children and Adolescents with Attention Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder: A Study Protocol for a Randomized, within-Subject Trial$$$ Attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a neurodevelopmental disorder char-acterized by inappropriate levels of attention, hyperactivity, and impulsivity that interfere with individual functioning. The international guidelines recommend targeting ADHD-related neuro-chemical brain abnormalities by intervening via drug treatment, such as methylphenidate (MPH), as first choice. Drug treatments are usually associated with a huge amount of cost for families and the healthcare system, suspension for low compliance, poor long-term efficacy, and side effects. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been suggested as a possible noninvasive means to safely manipulate brain activity and, in turn, improve behavior and cognition in developmental ages. Several studies have shown that tDCS has the potential to improve ADHD-related cognitive deficits, but the effect of tDCS compared with MPH has never been evaluated. The aim of the present within-subject, sham-controlled, randomized proof-of-concept study is to demonstrate the positive effect of one-session anodal tDCS analogous to the MPH drug on inhibitory control and working memory in children and adolescents with ADHD. We strongly believe that this study protocol will serve to accelerate research into low-cost, drug-free, feasible interventions for ADHD.
Benefits from Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Post-Stroke Rehabilitation$$$ Stroke is an acute neurovascular central nervous system (CNS) injury and one of the main causes of long-term disability and mortality. Post-stroke rehabilitation as part of recovery is focused on relearning lost skills and regaining independence as much as possible. Many novel strategies in neurorehabilitation have been introduced. This review focuses on current evidence of the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS), in post-stroke rehabilitation. Moreover, we present the effects of specific interventions, such as low-frequency or high-frequency rTMS therapy, on motor function, cognitive function, depression, and aphasia in post-stroke patients. Collected data suggest that high-frequency stimulation (5 Hz and beyond) produces an increase in cortical excitability, whereas low-frequency stimulation (≤1 Hz) decreases cortical excitability. Accumulated data suggest that rTMS is safe and can be used to modulate cortical excitability, which may improve overall performance. Side effects such as tingling sensation on the skin of the skull or headache are possible. Serious side effects such as epileptic seizures can be avoided by adhering to international safety guidelines. We reviewed clinical studies that present promising results in general recovery and stimulating neuroplasticity. This article is an overview of the current rTMS state of knowledge related to benefits in stroke, as well as its cellular and molecular mechanisms. In the stroke rehabilitation literature, there is a key methodological problem of creating double-blinding studies, which are very often impossible to conduct.
Increased Patient Empowerment Is Associated with Improvement in Anxiety and Depression Symptoms in Type 2 Diabetes Mellitus: Findings from the INDICA Study$$$ Introduction. In cross-sectional analyses, higher levels of patient empowerment have been related to lower symptoms of anxiety and depression. The aims of this study are: (1) to assess if patient empowerment predicts anxiety and depression symptoms after 12 and 24 months among patients with type 2 diabetes mellitus, and (2) to analyze whether a change in patient empowerment is associated with a change in anxiety and depression level. Methods. This is a secondary analysis of the INDICA study, a 24 month-long, multi-arm randomized controlled trial. Patient empowerment (DES-SF), depression (BDI-II), and state-anxiety (STAI-S) were assessed at the baseline (pre-intervention) and after 12 and 24 months. Multilevel mixed linear models with a random intercept were performed to correct for our clustered data. Results. The multilevel regression models showed that the baseline empowerment did not significantly predict anxiety and depression after 12 and 24 months. However, a higher increase in patient empowerment was significantly associated with reductions of anxiety (p < 0.001) and depression levels (p < 0.001). This association was not significantly different between the two follow-ups. Conclusion. This study contributes to the knowledge on how to reduce affective symptoms in patients with uncomplicated T2DM through comprehensive patient-centered interventions, and it highlights patient empowerment as a significant contributor.
Determining the Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Tinnitus, Depression, and Anxiety: A Systematic Review$$$ (1) Background: Tinnitus is the awareness of a sound in the absence of an external source. It affects around 10–15% of people, a significant proportion of whom also experience symptoms such as depression or anxiety that negatively affect their quality of life. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a technique involving constant low-intensity direct current delivered via scalp electrodes. It is a potential treatment option for tinnitus, as well as tinnitus-related conditions such as depression and anxiety. This systematic review estimates the effects of tDCS on outcomes relevant to tinnitus. In addition, it sheds light on the relationship between stimulation parameters and the effect of tDCS on these outcomes; (2) Methods: Exhaustive searches of electronic databases were conducted. Randomised controlled trials were included if they reported at least one of the following outcomes: tinnitus symptom severity, anxiety, or depression. Where available, data on quality of life, adverse effects, and neurophysiological changes were also reviewed. GRADE was used to assess the certainty in the estimate; (3) Results: Meta-analyses revealed a statistically significant reduction in tinnitus (moderate certainty) and depression (low certainty)-but not anxiety-following active tDCS compared to sham control. Network meta-analyses revealed potential optimal stimulation parameters; (4) Conclusions: The evidence synthesised in this review suggests tDCS has the potential to reduce symptom severity in tinnitus and depression. It further narrows down the number of potentially optimal stimulation parameters.
A Comparative Study of the Effectiveness of Acceptance and Commitment Therapy and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Anxiety, Depression, and Physical Symptoms of Individuals Suffering from Chronic Pain$$$ The present research was conducted to compare the effectiveness of acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on anxiety, depression, and physical symptoms. Methods: This research falls among semi-probationary plans, with a pretest-posttest design, two groups, and follow-up. The research statistical population included all male and female out-patients who referred to any treatment centers in Tehran, Iran, in the years 2019-2020 with a chronic pain complaint and received a definitive diagnosis of chronic pain by neurologists and rheumatologists. In order to establish 3 groups using targeted sampling method (considering the inclusion and exclusion criteria), 30 patients were initially selected, and then, 15 patients were placed in the first experimental group and 15 patients in the second experimental group randomly. The research tools consisted of the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) (1961), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) (1990), and Mcgill Pain Questionnaire (MPQ) (2007). Research data were analyzed using repeated measures ANOVA. Results: The result of data analysis indicated that ACT and tDCS lead to a decrease in depression, anxiety, and physical symptoms. In addition, compared to tDCS, ACT had a more significant effect on reducing anxiety in individuals suffering from chronic pain (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Both ACT and tDCS had a significant effect on improving depression, anxiety, and physical symptoms in people with chronic pain. ACT was also more effective in reducing anxiety. However, there was no significant difference between ACT and tDCS in influencing depression and physical symptoms.
Rationale and study design of a trial to assess rTMS add-on value for the amelioration of negative symptoms of schizophrenia (RADOVAN)$$$ Background: Schizophrenia is a severe and often difficult to treat psychiatric illness. In many patients, negative symptoms dominate the clinical picture. Meta-analysis has suggested moderate, but significant effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) on these symptoms. For treatment of depression a much shorter protocol - intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) - has shown to be non-inferior to conventional high-frequency rTMS. This randomized, sham-controlled, rater-blinded clinical trial assesses the effects of conventional HF-rTMS as well as of iTBS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in comparison with sham. Methods: The study will be conducted at two psychiatric university hospitals in Germany and at two in the Czech Republic. Assuming an effect size of 0.64 to be detected with a power of 80%, the calculated sample size is 90 patients. Primary outcome will be the difference in the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS) score between each active arm and the sham arm at end of treatment. In addition, the trial investigates effects on depressive symptoms, cognitive performance and cigarette smoking. Recording magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and electroencephalography (EEG) data will serve to assess whether treatment success can be predicted by neural markers and is related to specific neurobiological changes. Discussion: This is a clinical trial directly comparing 10 Hz-rTMS and iTBS in a sham-controlled manner in treating negative symptoms of schizophrenia. If successful, this would present an interesting treatment option for a chronic and severe condition that can be applied at most psychiatric hospitals and only takes up a few minutes per day. Trial registration number: This trial has been registered at clinicaltrials.gov, Identifier: NCT04318977. Data dissemination: Results from the trial shall be published in peer-reviewed journals and presented at meetings and conferences.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder: A systematic review and pairwise/network meta-analysis$$$ Background We evaluated the efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), and ranked the relative efficacy of different stimulation protocols. Methods We performed a search for randomised, sham-controlled trials of rTMS for OCD. The primary analysis included both a pairwise meta-analysis and a series of frequentist network meta-analyses (NMA) of OCD symptom severity. Secondary analyses were carried out on relevant clinical factors and safety. Results 21 studies involving 662 patients were included. The pairwise meta-analysis showed that rTMS for OCD is efficacious across all protocols (Hedges’ g=-0.502 [95%CI= -0.708, -0.296]). The first NMA, with stimulation protocols clustered only by anatomical location, showed that both dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) stimulation and medial frontal cortex stimulation were efficacious. In the second NMA, considering each unique combination of frequency and location separately, low frequency (LF) pre-supplementary motor area (preSMA) stimulation, high frequency (HF) bilateral dlPFC stimulation, and LF right dlPFC stimulation were all efficacious. LF right dlPFC was ranked highest in terms of efficacy, although the corresponding confidence intervals overlapped with the other two protocols. Limitations Evidence base included mostly small studies, with only a few studies using similar protocols, giving a sparse network. Studies were heterogeneous, and a risk of publication bias was found. Conclusions rTMS for OCD was efficacious compared with sham stimulation. LF right dlPFC, HF bilateral dlPFC and LF preSMA stimulation were all efficacious protocols with significant and comparable clinical improvements. Future studies should further investigate the relative merits of these three protocols.
Impact of Bifrontal Home-Based Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Pain Catastrophizing and Disability due to Pain in Fibromyalgia: A Randomized, Double-Blind Sham-Controlled Study$$$ This randomized, double-blind trial tested the hypothesis that 20 sessions of home-based anodal(a)-transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) (2mA for 20 minutes) bifrontal, with anodal on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (l-DLPFC) would be better than sham-(s)-tDCS to reduce scores on Pain Catastrophizing Scale and disability-related to pain assessed by the Profile of Chronic Pain: Screen (primary outcomes). Secondary outcomes were depressive symptoms, sleep quality, heat pain threshold, heat pain tolerance, and serum brain-derived-neurotrophic-factor (BDNF). Forty-eight women with fibromyalgia, 30 to 65 years-old were randomized into 2:1 groups [a-tDCS (n = 32) or s-tDCS (n = 16)]. Post hoc analysis revealed that a-tDCS reduced the Pain Catastrophizing Scale total scores by 51.38% compared to 26.96% in s-tDCS, and a-tDCS reduced Profile of Chronic Pain: Screen total scores by 31.43% compared to 19.15% in s-tDCS. The a-tDCS improved depressive symptoms, sleep quality and increased the heat pain tolerance. The delta-value in the serum BDNF (mean post treatment end minus pretreatment) was conversely correlated with the a-tDCS effect in pain catastrophizing. In contrast, the a-tDCS impact on reducing the disability-related to pain at the treatment end was positively associated with a reduction in the serum BDNF and improvement of depressive symptoms, sleep quality and pain catastrophizing symptoms. Perspective: Home-based bifrontal tDCS with a-tDCS on the l-DLPFC are associated with a moderate effect size (ES) in the following outcomes: 1) Decreased rumination and magnification of pain catastrophizing. 2) Improved the disability for daily activities due to fibromyalgia symptoms. Overall, these findings support the feasibility of self-applied home-based tDCS on DLPFC to improve fibromyalgia symptoms.
The effects of aromatherapy with clove essential oil on memory function of patients during electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Memory impairment is a common concern after receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The present study was conducted to investigate the effect of clove essential oil on memory improvement after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: For this randomized controlled trial, 100 patients undergoing ECT were assigned to either the experimental group, which was to receive clove essential oil 2.5% for 5 min three times a week, or the control group, which was to receive routine care. The Wechsler Memory Scale-III (WMS-III) was used to evaluate memory in the patients before and after the first and second weeks of ECT. A blood cortisol test was also performed to measure their cortisol levels one and two weeks after the intervention. Results: The patients’ baseline memory score did not differ between the two groups (P = 0.67). The memory score increased in the first week after ECT, it decreased in the second week in both groups but after adjusting for time, no significant differences were observed in the total memory score between the two groups (P = 0.67). The pairwise comparison of the memory score between the first and second weeks also suggested insignificant differences in the experimental group and significant differences in the controls (P = 0.01). Although cortisol levels decreased significantly in both groups after ECT (P = 0.005), the difference between the two groups was insignificant both before (P = 0.40) and after (P = 0.26) ECT. Conclusion: According to the present findings, clove essential oil neither improved memory in the patients nor affected their cortisol levels after ECT. Registered with the Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (IRCT2014032317072N1).
Effects of multisite anodal transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive stimulation in patients with Alzheimer's disease and its neurophysiological correlates: A double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: We aimed to examine the effects of multisite anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with cognitive stimulation (CS) over 2 months on cognitive performance and brain activity, and the relationship between them, in patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD). Methods: Patients with AD were randomly assigned to an active tDCS+CS (n=18) or a sham tDCS+CS (n=18) group. Cognitive performance was assessed using the Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale-cognitive subscale (ADAS-cog) and brain activity using EEG (spectral power and coherence analysis) before and after the intervention. Multisite anodal tDCS (2 mA, 30 min) was applied over six brain regions [left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (F3 and F4), Broca's area (F5), Wernicke's area (CP5), left and right somatosensory association cortex (P3 and P4)] for 24 sessions (three times a week). Both groups performed CS during tDCS. Results: Anodal tDCS+CS delays cognitive decline (ADAS-cog change) to a greater extent than sham tDCS+CS (-3.4±1.1 vs. -1.7±0.4; p=.03). Bilateral EEG coherence at high and low frequencies was greater for the active tDCS+CS than sham+CS group for most electrode pairs assessed (p <.05). The post-intervention ADAS-cog change score was predictive for EEG coherence at different sites (R²=.59 to.68; p <.05) in the active but not in the sham tDCS+CS group. Conclusion: Anodal tDCS+CS improved overall cognitive function and changed EEG brain activity compared to sham tDCS+CS. Changes in cognitive performance were associated with changes in EEG measures of brain activity. Anodal tDCS+CS appears to be a promising therapeutic strategy to modulate cortical activity and improve cognitive function in patients with AD.
Efficacy and tolerability in patients with chronic facial pain of two consecutive treatment periods of rTMS applied over the facial motor cortex, using protocols differing in stimulation frequency, duration, and train pattern$$$ Objective: We conducted an open-label cross-over study assessing the global effect of two high-frequency protocols of electric-field navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeted to functional facial motor cortex and comparing their efficacy and tolerability in patients with chronic facial pain. Outcome predictors were also assessed. Methods: We randomized twenty consecutive patients with chronic facial pain (post-traumatic trigeminal neuropathic pain, n=14; persistent idiopathic facial pain, n=4; secondary trigeminal neuralgia, n=2) to receive two distinct 5-day rTMS interventions (10Hz, 2400 pulses and 20Hz, 3600 pulses) separated by six weeks. The target area was assessed by mapping of lower face representation. The primary endpoint was the change in weekly mean of pain intensity (numeric rating scale, NRS) between the baseline and therapy week (1st week), and follow-up weeks (2nd and 3rd weeks) for each rTMS intervention. Response was defined using a combination scale including the patient's global impression of change and continuance with maintenance treatment. Results: Overall, pain intensity NRS decreased from 7.4 at baseline to 5.9 ten weeks later, after the second rTMS intervention (p=0.009). The repetition of the treatment had a significant effect (F=4.983, p=0.043) indicating that the NRS scores are lower during the second four weeks period. Eight (40%) patients were responders, 4 (20%) exhibited a modest effect, 4 (20%) displayed no effect, and 4 (20%) experienced worsening of pain. High disability and high pain intensity (>7) predicted a better outcome (p=0.043 and p=0.045). Female gender, shorter duration of pain and low Beck Anxiety Inventory scores showed a trend towards a better outcome (p=0.052, 0.060 and 0.055, respectively). Conclusions: High-frequency rTMS targeted to face M1 alleviates treatment resistant chronic facial pain. Repeated treatment improves the analgesic effect. A protocol with higher frequency (above 10Hz), longer session duration (more than 20 minutes) and higher number of pulses (above 2400 pulses/session) did not improve the outcome. The results support early consideration of rTMS.
Use of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Child Psychiatry$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive diagnostic and therapeutic technique that has showed benefits in various psychiatric disorders. Although there is a large body of literature available on its use in adult populations, existing research in pediatric populations is very limited. Current research has primarily focused on its use in adolescent treatment-resistant depression. However, recently, rTMS has gained attention among researchers to find its utility in other neuropsychiatric disorders, such as autism spectrum disorder (ASD), attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), tics, and psychosis. There is a lack of systematic data on the safety of rTMS in children and adolescents. The aim of this article was to present an overview of the existing literature on the use of rTMS in children and adolescents and examine the relevant safety considerations. Methods: We conducted a literature review of the English literature in PubMed on TMS in children and adolescents, using comprehensive search terms and expanding our review to include sources cited by these reports. We reviewed the application of rTMS in psychiatric disorders in the pediatric population. Results: rTMS has been used for depression and anxiety disorders, OCD, ADHD, Tourette syndrome/tics, ASD, and schizophrenia, with variable results. Conclusion: rTMS is a promising treatment in children and adolescents with psychiatric disorders, although larger, sham-controlled, randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) will be required to definitely demonstrate efficacy, as well as to support a safety profile.
The efficacy of non-invasive, non-convulsive electrical neuromodulation on depression, anxiety and sleep disturbance: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ The effects of non-invasive, non-convulsive electrical neuromodulation (NINCEN) on depression, anxiety and sleep disturbance are inconsistent in different studies. Previous meta-analyses on transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and cerebral electrotherapy stimulation (CES) suggested that these methods are effective on depression. However, not all types of NINECN were included; results on anxiety and sleep disturbance were lacking and the influence of different populations and treatment parameters was not completely analyzed. We searched PubMed, Embase, PsycInfo, PsycArticles and CINAHL before March 2021 and included published randomized clinical trials of all types of NINCEN for symptoms of depression, anxiety and sleep in clinical and non-clinical populations. Data were pooled using a random-effects model. The main outcome was change in the severity of depressive symptoms after NINCEN treatment. A total of 58 studies on NINCEN were included in the meta-analysis. Active tDCS showed a significant effect on depressive symptoms (Hedges' g = 0.544), anxiety (Hedges' g = 0.667) and response rate (odds ratio = 1.9594) compared to sham control. CES also had a significant effect on depression (Hedges' g = 0.654) and anxiety (Hedges' g = 0.711). For all types of NINCEN, active stimulation was significantly effective on depression, anxiety, sleep efficiency, sleep latency, total sleep time, etc. Our results showed that tDCS has significant effects on both depression and anxiety and that these effects are robust for different populations and treatment parameters. The rational expectation of the tDCS effect is 'response' rather than 'remission'. CES also is effective for depression and anxiety, especially in patients with disorders of low severity.
Therapeutic Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Post-stroke Vascular Cognitive Impairment: A Prospective Pilot Study$$$ Objective: Post-stroke cognitive impairment (PSCI) is resistant to treatment. Recent studies have widely applied repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to treat various brain dysfunctions, such as post-stroke syndromes. Nonetheless, a protocol for PSCI has not been established. Therefore, this study is aimed to evaluate the therapeutic effect of our high-frequency rTMS protocol for PSCI during the chronic phase of stroke. Methods: In this prospective study, ten patients with PSCI were enrolled and received high-frequency rTMS on the ipsilesional dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for 10 sessions (5 days per week for 2 weeks). Cognitive and affective abilities were assessed at baseline and 2 and 14 weeks after rTMS initiation. To investigate the therapeutic mechanism of rTMS, the mRNA levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines (interleukin (IL)-6, IL-1β, transforming growth factor beta [TGF-β], and tumor necrosis factor alpha [TNF-α]) in peripheral blood samples were quantified using reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction, and cognitive functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) was conducted at baseline and 14 weeks in two randomly selected patients after rTMS treatment. Results: The scores of several cognitive evaluations, i.e., the Intelligence Quotient (IQ) of Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale, auditory verbal learning test (AVLT), and complex figure copy test (CFT), were increased after completion of the rTMS session. After 3 months, these improvements were sustained, and scores on the Mini-Mental Status Examination and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) were also increased (p < 0.05). While the Geriatric Depression Scale (GeDS) did not show change among all patients, those with moderate-to-severe depression showed amelioration of the score, with marginal significance. Expression of pro-inflammatory cytokines was decreased immediately after the ten treatment sessions, among which, IL-1β remained at a lower level after 3 months. Furthermore, strong correlations between the decrease in IL-6 and increments in AVLT (r = 0.928) and CFT (r = 0.886) were found immediately after the rTMS treatment (p < 0.05). Follow-up fMRI revealed significant activation in several brain regions, such as the medial frontal lobe, hippocampus, and angular area. Conclusions: High-frequency rTMS on the ipsilesional DLPFC may exert immediate efficacy on cognition with the anti-inflammatory response and changes in brain network in PSCI, lasting at least 3 months.
Analgesic Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Patients With Advanced Non-Small-Cell Lung Cancer: A Randomized, Sham-Controlled, Pilot Study$$$ Objective: Current pharmacological intervention for the cancer-related pain is still limited. The aim of this study was to explore whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) could be an effective adjuvant therapy to reduce pain in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: This was a randomized, sham–controlled study. A total of 41 advanced NSCLC patients with uncontrolled pain (score≥4 on pain intensity assessed with an 11-point numeric rating scale) were randomized to receive active (10 Hz, 2000 stimuli) (n = 20) or sham rTMS (n = 20) for 3 weeks. Pain was the primary outcome and was assessed with the Numeric Rating Scale (NRS). Secondary outcomes were oral morphine equivalent (OME) daily dose, quality of life (WHO Quality of Life-BREF), and psychological distress (the Hospital Depression and Anxiety Scale). All outcomes were measured at baseline, 3 days, 1 week, 2 weeks, and 3 weeks. Results: The pain intensity in both groups decreased gradually from day 3 and decreased to the lowest at the week 3, with a decrease rate of 41.09% in the rTMS group and 23.23% in the sham group. The NRS score of the rTMS group was significantly lower than that of the sham group on the week 2 (p < 0.001, Cohen’s d =1.135) and week 3 (p=0.017, Cohen’s d = -0.822). The OME daily dose, physiology and psychology domains of WHOQOL-BREF scores, as well as the HAM-A and HAM-D scores all were significantly improved at week 3 in rTMS group. Conclusion: Advanced NSCL patients with cancer pain treated with rTMS showed better greater pain relief, lower dosage of opioid, and better mood states and quality of life. rTMS is expected to be a new effective adjuvant therapy for cancer pain in advanced NSCLC patients.
Dorsomedial prefrontal rTMS for depression in borderline personality disorder: A pilot randomized crossover trial$$$ Background: Recently, a small literature has emerged suggesting that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may offer benefit for MDD even in BPD patients, perhaps by enhancing cognitive control, and/or disrupting excessive ‘non-reward’ activity in right orbitofrontal regions. This study aimed primarily to assess the therapeutic effects of dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC)-rTMS against MDD symptoms in BPD patients, and secondarily to assess whether the therapeutic effects ensued via mechanisms of reduced impulsivity and core BPD pathology on clinical scales (BIS-11, ZAN-BPD) or of reduced alpha- and theta-band activity on EEG recordings of right orbitofrontal cortex. Methods: In a crossover-design trial, 20 BPD patients with MDD underwent 2 × 30 session/15 day blocks of either active-then-sham or sham-then-active bilateral 20 Hz DMPFC-rTMS. Results: Sixteen out of 20 patients completed treatment. A significant (p = 0.00764) crossover effect was detected, with overall reductions in HamD17 score from 23.1±SD3.1 to 10.75±SD5.8. Nine out of 16 (56.3%) treatment completers achieved response (>50% improvement) and 6/16 (37.5%) achieved remission (HamD≤7), maintained at 1 month followup. BIS-11 scores remained unchanged, and ZAN-BPD scores improved similarly in both groups with no significant crossover effect. Change in low-band power over right orbitofrontal regions correlated with clinical improvement. Limitations: This was a crossover study with a small sample size. A randomized controlled trial with larger sample size will be needed to establish the efficacy more definitively. Conclusions: The results suggest efficacy for DMPFC-rTMS in treating MDD in BPD, and provide a foundation for a larger future trial.
Safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation in unipolar depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized-controlled trials$$$ Background: To study the safety and patients’ tolerance of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of the major depressive disorder population. Methods: Our study followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. We searched the literature published before April 30th, 2021 and performed a random-effects meta-analyses which included drop-out due to adverse events, serious adverse events and other non-serious adverse events as primary and secondary outcomes. Results: A total of 53 randomized sham-controlled trials with 3,273 participants were included. There was no increased risk of drop-out due to an adverse event (active TMS intervention group=3.3%, sham TMS intervention group=2.3%, odds ratio = 1.30, 95% CI= 0.78–2.16, P = 0.31) or a serious adverse event (active TMS intervention group=0.9%, sham TMS intervention group=1.5%, odds ratio = 0.67, 95% CI= 0.29–1.55, P = 0.35). Our findings suggest that TMS intervention may significantly increase the risk of non-serious adverse events including: headaches (active TMS intervention group=22.6%, sham TMS intervention group=16.2%, odds ratio = 1.48, 95% CI= 1.15–1.91, P = 0.002), discomfort (active TMS intervention group=10.9%, sham TMS intervention group=5.0%, odds ratio 1.98, 95% CI= 1.22–3.21, P = 0.006) and pain (active TMS intervention group=23.8%, sham TMS intervention group=5.2%, odds ratio= 8.09, 95% CI= 4.71–13.90, P < 0.001) at the stimulation site, but these non-serious events were mostly mild and transient after TMS treatment. Conclusions: These findings provide evidence for the safety and patients’ tolerance of transcranial magnetic stimulation technique as an alternative monotherapy or as an add-on treatment for major depressive disorder.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation May Reduce Prefrontal Recruitment During Dual Task Walking in Functionally Limited Older Adults – A Pilot Study$$$ Introduction: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) improves dual task walking in older adults, when tested just after stimulation. The acute effects of tDCS on the cortical physiology of walking, however, remains unknown. Methods: In a previous study, older adults with slow gait and executive dysfunction completed a dual task walking assessment before and after 20 min of tDCS targeting the left dlPFC or sham stimulation. In a subset of seven participants per group, functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) was used to quantify left and right prefrontal recruitment defined as the oxygenated hemoglobin response to usual and dual task walking (ΔHbO2), as well as the absolute change in this metric from usual to dual task conditions (i.e., ΔHbO2cost). Paired t-tests examined pre- to post-stimulation differences in each fNIRS metric within each group. Results: The tDCS group exhibited pre- to post-stimulation reduction in left prefrontal ΔHbO2cost (p = 0.03). This mitigation of dual task “cost” to prefrontal recruitment was induced primarily by a reduction in left prefrontal ΔHbO2 specifically within the dual task condition (p = 0.001), an effect that was observed in all seven participants within this group. Sham stimulation did not influence ΔHbO2cost or ΔHbO2 in either walking condition (p > 0.35), and neither tDCS nor sham substantially influenced right prefrontal recruitment (p > 0.16). Discussion: This preliminary fNIRS data suggests that tDCS over the left dlPFC may modulate prefrontal recruitment, as reflected by a relative reduction in the oxygen consumption of this brain region in response to dual task walking.
Online video psychoeducation for electroconvulsive therapy in India: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Despite its effectiveness, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been widely but diminishingly used in India. The current study evaluated a video psychoeducation on ECT offered to adults in India who screened positive for depression. Participants were randomly assigned to receive either video or brochure psychoeducation. Both video and brochure psychoeducation significantly improved participants' perceptions, knowledge, and willingness to receive ECT with only a few significant differences between the two modalities. Together, these findings suggest that psychoeducation is effective. Video psychoeducation which can be inexpensive and widely distributed may represent an important way to encourage patients to consider ECT as an option.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation modulates coupling among large-scale brain networks in heroin-dependent individuals: A randomized resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging study$$$ The abnormal interactions of three key large-scale brain networks (default mode [DMN], salience and executive control [ECN]) were showed underlie dysfunctions in heroin addiction. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a potential treatment for heroin addiction. It is unclear whether impaired coupling among the large-scale brain networks would be improved by rTMS in treated heroin-dependent individuals. Thirty-five heroin-dependent individuals were included in this sham-controlled, randomized study. The patients received either active or sham rTMS for 1 week. The craving for heroin and resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data were collected before and after 1-week rTMS. Twenty-two healthy subjects were included as controls not receiving rTMS. After 1-week rTMS, only the active rTMS group showed a significant decrease in spontaneous and heroin cue-induced craving. The coupling between left DLPFC (a key node of left ECN) and left parahippocampal gyrus (PHG, included in DMN) significantly increased for the active group with a tendency towards that of controls. The coupling between the right precentral gyrus and three key regions included in DMN (posterior cingulate cortex/precuneus and bilateral inferior parietal cortex) significantly decreased for the active group with a tendency towards that of healthy controls. For the active rTMS individuals, the left DLPFC-PHG coupling negatively correlated with the spontaneous craving and the drug cue-induced craving. It suggested that the rTMS could reduce heroin craving, which might be related to the modulation of ECN-DMN coupling. This finding might shed light on the mechanism of rTMS for heroin addiction treatment.
Electroconvulsive therapy, electric field, neuroplasticity, and clinical outcomes$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the gold-standard treatment for patients with depressive episodes, but the underlying mechanisms for antidepressant response and procedure-induced cognitive side effects have yet to be elucidated. Such mechanisms may be complex and involve certain ECT parameters and brain regions. Regarding parameters, the electrode placement (right unilateral or bitemporal) determines the geometric shape of the electric field (E-field), and amplitude determines the E-field magnitude in select brain regions (e.g., hippocampus). Here, we aim to determine the relationships between hippocampal E-field strength, hippocampal neuroplasticity, and antidepressant and cognitive outcomes. We used hippocampal E-fields and volumes generated from a randomized clinical trial that compared right unilateral electrode placement with different pulse amplitudes (600, 700, and 800 mA). Hippocampal E-field strength was variable but increased with each amplitude arm. We demonstrated a linear relationship between right hippocampal E-field and right hippocampal neuroplasticity. Right hippocampal neuroplasticity mediated right hippocampal E-field and antidepressant outcomes. In contrast, right hippocampal E-field was directly related to cognitive outcomes as measured by phonemic fluency. We used receiver operating characteristic curves to determine that the maximal right hippocampal E-field associated with cognitive safety was 112.5 V/m. Right hippocampal E-field strength was related to the whole-brain ratio of E-field strength per unit of stimulation current, but this whole-brain ratio was unrelated to antidepressant or cognitive outcomes. We discuss the implications of optimal hippocampal E-field dosing to maximize antidepressant outcomes and cognitive safety with individualized amplitudes.
Placebo effects and neuromodulation for depression: a meta-analysis and evaluation of shared mechanisms$$$ There is growing evidence that placebo effects can meaningfully modulate the brain. However, there has been little consideration of whether these changes may overlap with regions/circuits targeted by depression treatments and what the implications of this overlap would be on measuring efficacy in placebo-controlled clinical trials. In this systematic review and meta-analysis, we searched PubMed/Medline and Google Scholar for functional MRI and PET neuroimaging studies of placebo effects. Studies recruiting both healthy subjects and patient populations were included. Neuroimaging coordinates were extracted and included for Activation Likelihood Estimation (ALE) meta-analysis. We then searched for interventional studies of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS) for depression and extracted target coordinates for comparative spatial analysis with the placebo effects maps. Of 1169 articles identified, 34 neuroimaging studies of placebo effects were included. There were three significant clusters of activation: left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) (x = −41, y = 16, z = 34), left sub-genual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC)/ventral striatum (x = −8, y = 18, z = −15) and the right rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) (x = 4, y = 42, z = 10). There were two significant deactivation clusters: right basal ganglia (x = 20, y = 2, z = 7) and right dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC) (x = 1, y = −5, z = 45). TMS and DBS targets for depression treatment overlapped with the left DLPFC cluster and sgACC cluster, respectively. Our findings identify a common set of brain regions implicated in placebo effects across healthy individuals and patient populations, and provide evidence that these regions overlap with depression treatment targets. We model the statistical impacts of this overlap and demonstrate critical implications on measurements of clinical trial efficacy for this field.
Treatment of Psychiatric Problems After Traumatic Brain Injury$$$ Psychiatric sequelae of traumatic brain injury (TBI) can cause significant and often chronic impairment in functioning and quality of life; however, their phenomenological and mechanistic complexities continue to present significant treatment challenges. The clinical presentation is often an amalgam of syndromes and co-occurring symptoms that require a highly nuanced and systematic approach to treatment. Although few randomized controlled trials have tested treatments for psychiatric problems after TBI and the synthesis of results continues to be compromised by the heterogeneity of study populations, small samples, and differing inclusion criteria and outcome measures, an increasing body of literature supports evidence-based treatment strategies. We provide a narrative review of pharmacological, psychoeducational/behavioral, and neuromodulation treatments for psychiatric conditions in adults with TBI and discuss known or postulated mechanisms of action for these treatment approaches. Where data are available, we focus on randomized controlled trials and large case series in which a psychiatric condition provides both a selection criterion and a primary or secondary outcome. We conclude by proposing directions for future research, particularly the need for novel neuropharmacological, behavioral, and neurophysiological studies and pragmatic trials of multicomponent and adaptive models that will increase understanding of the mechanisms underlying post-TBI psychiatric disorders and accelerate dissemination and implementation of effective person-centered care.
Neuromodulation Treatments for Mild Traumatic Brain Injury and Post-concussive Symptoms$$$ Purpose of Review: Mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) can result in prolonged post-concussive symptoms (e.g., depression, headaches, cognitive impairment) that are debilitating and difficult to treat. This article reviews recent research on neuromodulation for mTBI. Recent Findings: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is the most studied neuromodulation approach for mTBI (four studies for depression, four for headache, one for cognitive impairment, and two for global post-concussive symptoms) with promising results for post-concussive depression and headache. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has also been evaluated (one study for post-traumatic headache, and three for cognitive impairment), with more mixed results overall. Summary: TMS appears to be a potentially promising neuromodulation treatment strategy for post-concussive symptoms; however, integration into clinical practice will require larger sham-controlled randomized trials with longer and more consistent follow-up periods. Future studies should also explore new stimulation protocols, personalized approaches, and the role of placebo effects.
Response to intravenous racemic ketamine after switch from intranasal (S)-ketamine on symptoms of treatment-resistant depression and post-traumatic stress disorder in Veterans: A retrospective case series$$$ Background: Racemic (R,S)-ketamine is a glutamatergic drug with potent and rapid acting antidepressant effects. An intranasal formulation of (S)-ketamine was recently approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to be used in individuals with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). There are no data directly comparing outcomes on depression or other comorbidities between these two formulations of ketamine. However, recent meta-analyses have suggested that IV racemic ketamine may be more potent than IN-(S)-ketamine. Methods: We retrospectively analyzed clinical outcomes in 15 Veterans with comorbid TRD and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) who underwent ketamine treatment at the VA San Diego Neuromodulation Clinic. All Veterans included in this analysis were given at least 6 intranasal (IN)-(S)-ketamine treatments prior to switching to treatment with IV racemic ketamine. Results: Veterans receiving ketamine treatment (across both IN-(S)-ketamine and IV-(R,S)-ketamine) showed significant reductions in both the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), a self-report scale measuring depression symptoms (rm ANOVA F(14,42) = 12.6, p < 0.0001), and in the PTSD checklist for DSM-5 (PCL-5), a self-report scale measuring PSTD symptoms (rm ANOVA F(13,39) = 5.9, p = 0.006). Post hoc testing revealed that PHQ-9 scores were reduced by an average of 2.4 ± 1.2 compared to baseline after (S)-ketamine treatments (p = 0.1) and by an average of 5.6 ± 1 after IV-ketamine treatments (p = 0.0003) compared to pretreatment baseline scores. PCL-5 scores were reduced by an average of 4.3 ± 3.3 after IN (S)-ketamine treatments (p = 0.6) and 11.8 ± 3.5 after IV-ketamine treatments (p = 0.03) compared to pretreatment baseline scores. Conclusions: This work suggests that off-label IV-(R,S)-ketamine could be considered a reasonable next step in patients who do not respond adequately to the FDA-approved IN-(S)-ketamine. Further double-blinded, randomized controlled trials are warranted to assess whether IV racemic ketamine is more effective than IN-(S)-ketamine.
Effectiveness of using calligraphic activity to treat people with schizophrenia: a randomized controlled trial in Southern Taiwan$$$ Background: Prior research has shown preliminary evidence that calligraphy activity improves various body functions and decreases severity of psychotic symptoms in individuals with schizophrenia. However, major limitations of earlier studies include small and heterogeneous samples. The current large-scale randomized controlled trial examined effects of calligraphy activity on cognition (including attention), emotions, psychotic symptoms, quality of life, and mood in people with schizophrenia. Methods: One-hundred-and-fifty patients with schizophrenia were randomly allocated to the treatment group (receiving calligraphy activity) or the control group (receiving general activity), both of which lasted for 24 weeks (70 minutes per session; one session per week). Assessments were conducted at pretest, posttest, and three-month follow-up. The Montreal Cognitive Assessment, Chu’s Attention Test, Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scale, Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, World Health Questionnaire on the Quality of Life-Brief Form, and Visual Analogue Scale were used. Results: Improved cognition and attention were found in both groups, although no group effects were shown. The treatment group appeared to show lower severity of positive symptoms at follow-up than posttest, whereas the control group appeared to show the opposite pattern. Improved mood was found in the treatment group. Conclusion: This study provides evidence regarding effects of calligraphy activity on increasing cognition and potentially decreasing severity of positive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Calligraphy activity can be incorporated in clinical occupational therapy and may be provided to supplement medication treatment. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03882619; https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03882619
New Insights on Metabolic and Genetic Basis of Migraine: Novel Impact on Management and Therapeutical Approach$$$ Migraine is a hereditary disease, usually one-sided, sometimes bilateral. It is characterized by moderate to severe pain, which worsens with physical activity and may be associated with nausea and vomiting, may be accompanied by photophobia and phonophobia. The disorder can occur at any time of the day and can last from 4 to 72 h, with and without aura. The pathogenic mechanism is unclear, but extensive preclinical and clinical studies are ongoing. According to electrophysiology and imaging studies, many brain areas are involved, such as cerebral cortex, thalamus, hypothalamus, and brainstem. The activation of the trigeminovascular system has a key role in the headache phase. There also appears to be a genetic basis behind the development of migraine. Numerous alterations have been identified, and in addition to the genetic cause, there is also a close association with the surrounding environment, as if on the one hand, the genetic alterations may be responsible for the onset of migraine, on the other, the environmental factors seem to be more strongly associated with exacerbations. This review is an analysis of neurophysiological mechanisms, neuropeptide activity, and genetic alterations that play a fundamental role in choosing the best therapeutic strategy. To date, the goal is to create a therapy that is as personalized as possible, and for this reason, steps forward have been made in the pharmacological field in order to identify new therapeutic strategies for both acute treatment and prophylaxis.
When Two Is Better than One: A Pilot Study on Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Plus Muscle Vibration in Treating Chronic Pelvic Pain in Women$$$ Chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CPPS) affects about 4–16% of adult women, and about one‐third of them require medical assistance due to severe symptoms. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the supplementary motor area (SMA) has been shown to manage pain in refractory CPPS. Focal muscle vibration (FMV) has also been reported to relieve pelvic pain. The objective of this study was to assess the feasibility and effect of rTMS coupled with FMV to reduce pain in seven adult women with refractory CPPS. This pilot, open‐labeled, prospective trial examined treatment by 5 Hz rTMS over SMA and 150 Hz FMV over the perineum, suprapubic, and sacrococcygeal areas, with one daily session for five consecutive days for three weeks. We assessed tolerance and subjective pain changes (as per visual analog scale, VAS) until one month post-treatment, with a primary endpoint at day 7. No patients experienced serious adverse effects or a significant increase in pain. Six out of seven patients experienced a VAS improvement of at least 10% at T7; three of these individuals experienced a VAS improvement of more than 30%. Overall, we found a significant VAS reduction of 15 points (95%CI 8.4–21.6) at T7 (t = 6.3, p = 0.001; ES = 2.3 (1.1–3.9)). Three of the women who demonstrated a significant VAS reduction at T7 retained such VAS improvement at T30. VAS decreased by six points (95%CI 1.3–10.7) at T30 (t = 3.1, p = 0.02; ES = 1.5 (0.2–2.6)). This coupled approach seems promising for pain management in adult women with refractory CPPS and paves the way for future randomized controlled trials.
Cognitive control training for children with anxiety and depression: A systematic review$$$ Cognitive control training has gained traction as an intervention for reducing anxiety and depression vulnerability in adults. There are, however, a limited number of studies investigating such training interventions for reducing symptomology of anxiety and depression in children and adolescents. Thus, we aimed to provide a robust review and qualitative synthesis of the available research in young people. Twelve articles met the inclusion criteria, and all were randomised control trials. Evidence of the efficacy of cognitive control training for relief of symptoms are reported separately for anxiety, depression, and other related psychological factors, and on the basis of type of cognitive control training paradigm. A lack of standardisation in relation to type of intervention, duration and context, outcome measures and population was observed. Results are discussed in terms of these variations and recommendations for future research are provided.
Evaluation of memory performance in patients with brain disorders following rTMS treatment. A systematic review$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is being used as a non-invasive, non-pharmacological treatment with emerging clinical applications. The objective of this systematic review is to assess the possible rTMS effect on memory performance in patients suffering from central nervous system diseases. Methods: PubMed, Google Scholar, Science Direct and Cochrane Library were searched through April 2021 for rTMS clinical trials in neuropsychiatric conditions, assessing pre-post treatment patients’ memory performance with neuropsychological measures. Results: One hundred and four clinical studies were included for evaluation. Overall, a large number of reports were detected with a positive outcome of patients’ memory performance, concerning primarily the working memory, whereas there were also inconsistent results. In particular, considerable results were observed in patients with mild cognitive impairment and early stage Alzheimer's disease. Conclusions: Despite the variability of reports and the limited ability to generalize our findings, this review offers further evidence regarding the possible use of rTMS as a memory enhancement tool. Significance: The study provides an updated and broad review in the field and highlights the need for more adequate studies, focusing on treatment procedure characteristics, follow-up and maintenance options of this approach.
Personality profile and therapeutic response to lithium carbonate and sodium valproate in mania with psychotic features$$$ Bipolar disorder is one of the major psychiatric disorders. Therefore, determining the factors that predict mood stabilizer response is important. This study aimed to investigate the relationship between personality profile and the response to lithium carbonate and sodium valproate in patients with psychotic mania. In this study, 50 patients with bipolar I disorder (manic episode with psychotic features) were randomly assigned to receive lithium carbonate (up to a serum level of 0.8-1.5 mEq/L) or sodium valproate (20 mg/kg). After stabilization of acute manic phase, Temperament and Character Inventory was completed by the patients themselves. Fifty subjects completed this study. The mean age ± SD of participants in the sodium valproate group and lithium carbonate group was 32.99 ± 9.94 and 30.73±7.94 years, respectively. The responders to sodium valproate had significantly higher scores in novelty seeking, harm avoidance (P = 0.003 and 0.004, respectively) and lower scores in persistence (P = 0.006) than the non-responders, but the responders to lithium carbonate did not have significantly different personality profiles. The results of the present study revealed that the personality profiles in the inpatients with psychotic mania are related to the responses to sodium valproate, but are irrelevant to the responses to lithium carbonate.
Adjuvant Priming Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: In Search of a New Paradigm!$$$ Objectives Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is used as a therapeutic option for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in both clinical and research settings. There has been no consensus with regard to target area and other parameters, although 1-Hz rTMS over the supplementary motor area (SMA) is found to be promising. Priming stimulation, which involves high-frequency followed by low-frequency rTMS, has been shown to enhance neural response to low-frequency rTMS. Hence, this study was conducted to investigate the effect of adjunctive priming rTMS over the SMA in treatment-resistant OCD. Methods Thirty patients with OCD who were symptomatic after an adequate selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor trial were randomized into 2 groups: one group receiving active priming stimulation (6-Hz rTMS at 80% resting motor threshold) followed by 1-Hz rTMS (priming rTMS group) and the other receiving sham stimulation followed by 1-Hz rTMS (rTMS-only group). Both groups received 10 sessions of such interventions for 2 weeks. Both the rater and patients were blind to the treatment allocation. Assessments were done using the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale, Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety, and Clinical Global Impression - Improvement scale at baseline, 2 weeks, and 4 weeks. Results Both groups showed a significant improvement in all domains of psychopathology over time. The priming rTMS group was better than the rTMS-only group in reducing the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale compulsion score (P < 0.023) as well as scores of the Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety, Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, and Clinical Global Impression - Improvement scale. None developed any adverse effects requiring medical attention. Conclusions Priming rTMS over the SMA is safe and has favorable effects in OCD. It seems to have a predominant effect on the reduction of compulsions, presumably rectifying the impaired response inhibition in patients with OCD.
Long-term prophylactic efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in chronic migraine. A randomised, patient-assessor blinded, sham-controlled trial$$$ Objective: To assess the prophylactic effect of anodal tDCS of the left motor cortex in patients with resistant chronic migraine (CM) and its long-term maintenance. Methods: In a patient-assessor blinded, sham-controlled trial, 36 patients were randomized to receive anodal tDCS (active group, n = 18) or sham tDCS (sham group, n = 18). The studied population was characterized by a previous failure of at least 3 classes of preventive drugs and a mean duration of migraine history of 26 years. The tDCS procedure consisted of an induction phase of 5 consecutive daily sessions (week 1) followed by a maintenance phase of 1 weekly session during the next 4 weeks and two bimonthly sessions in the next month, for a total of 11 sessions during 2 months. Anodal tDCS was delivered at 2 mA intensity for 20 min over the left motor cortex. The primary endpoint was the reduction in the monthly number of migraine attacks from baseline to each period of follow-up (months 1, 2, 3, 5) between the active and sham groups. Results: The monthly number of migraine attacks expressed as the percentage of reduction from baseline was significantly reduced in the active versus the sham group, from the end of first month (−21% ± 22 vs. −2% ±25, p = 0.019) to the end of follow-up (3-month post-treatment) (−32% ± 33 vs. −6% ±39, p = 0.011). At this time, the rate of responders, defined as a reduction of the monthly number of migraine attacks ≥30% from baseline, was significantly higher in the active group than in the sham group (50% vs. 14%, p = 0.043). Conclusion: Our results show a marked prophylactic effect of anodal tDCS of the left motor cortex in resistant CM extending several months after the stimulation period, and suggest that this neuromodulatory approach may be part of the prophylactic alternatives available for CM.
Daily prefrontal closed-loop repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) produces progressive EEG quasi-alpha phase entrainment in depressed adults$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation modality that can treat depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, or help smoking cessation. Research suggests that timing the delivery of TMS relative to an endogenous brain state may affect efficacy and short-term brain dynamics. Objective: To investigate whether, for a multi-week daily treatment of repetitive TMS (rTMS), there is an effect on brain dynamics that depends on the timing of the TMS relative to individuals’ prefrontal EEG quasi-alpha rhythm (between 6 and 13 Hz). Method: We developed a novel closed-loop system that delivers personalized EEG-triggered rTMS to patients undergoing treatment for major depressive disorder. In a double blind study, patients received daily treatments of rTMS over a period of six weeks and were randomly assigned to either a synchronized or unsynchronized treatment group, where synchronization of rTMS was to their prefrontal EEG quasi-alpha rhythm. Results: When rTMS is applied over the dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and synchronized to the patient's prefrontal quasi-alpha rhythm, patients develop strong phase entrainment over a period of weeks, both over the stimulation site as well as in a subset of areas distal to the stimulation site. In addition, at the end of the course of treatment, this group's entrainment phase shifts to be closer to the phase that optimally engages the distal target, namely the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC). These entrainment effects are not observed in the group that is given rTMS without initial EEG synchronization of each TMS train. Conclusions: The entrainment effects build over the course of days/weeks, suggesting that these effects engage neuroplastic changes which may have clinical consequences in depression or other diseases.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Patients with Fibromyalgia: A Systematic Review with Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: Fibromyalgia is a poorly understood pain syndrome. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation therapy and is commonly applied for the management of fibromyalgia. However, controversy about its efficacy remains. Therefore, a meta-analysis was conducted to evaluate the effectiveness of rTMS for fibromyalgia syndrome. Methods: Four medical databases and one physiotherapy database were screened for randomized controlled trials. A systematic review and meta-analysis was performed. Numerical Pain Rating Scale (NPRS) score, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) score, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) anxiety score, Pain Catastrophizing Scale (PCS) score, Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS) score, Short Form-36 General Health Survey mental score, and Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) score were set as outcome measures. Results: Analysis of 14 studies and 433 participants indicated that rTMS exerted more favorable effects than did sham rTMS after treatment on the NPRS (standardized mean difference = -0.49, 95% confidence interval = -0.86 to -0.13, P = 0.008, I2 = 68%) and the FIQ (standardized mean difference = -0.50, 95% confidence interval = -0.75 to -0.25, P = 0.0001, I2 = 28%). However, the BDI, FSS, PCS, mood index, and HADS scores showed no significant difference compared with sham rTMS after treatment. The mean methodological quality of the included studies was an acceptable score of 8.5 based on the PEDro scale, suggesting the validity of our conclusions. Conclusion: This study demonstrated that rTMS relieved pain and enhanced the quality of life of patients with fibromyalgia; however, on the basis of current reports, it did not improve anxiety, depression, or other symptoms.
The Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Suicidal Ideation in Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: To quantitatively synthesize the literature on the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on suicidal ideation (SI) in patients with treatment-resistant depression. Data Sources: A literature search was conducted using PubMed, SCOPUS, Ovid, MEDLINE, Embase, and Web of Science from inception to January 11, 2021, for the keywords repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, suicidal ideation, suicidality, treatment-resistant depression, refractory depression, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and brain stimulation. Study Selection: A total of 16 publications were eligible for inclusion. Studies were included that investigated the effects of rTMS in adolescents and/or adults 16 years or older diagnosed with unipolar or bipolar depression with suicidal ideation data before and after rTMS intervention. Data Extraction: Data were extracted and managed using Covidence. Extracted data included authors, publication year, country of origin, study design, patient demographics, primary diagnosis, comorbidities, mean age, outcome assessment instruments, detailed stimulation parameters, sham control procedures, and any serious adverse events related to SI. Results: A quantitative analysis of effect size using Hedges g was calculated for both randomized controlled trials and all other uncontrolled trials. We found a decrease in SI scores in randomized controlled trials (g= 0.158, 95% confidence interval [CI] = −0.078 to 0.393, P= .191), although the effect was not significant. There was a significant decrease in suicidal ideation scores for uncontrolled trials (g= 0.692, 95% CI = 0.463 to 0.922, P< .001). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that rTMS may be an effective treatment for SI in individuals with treatment-resistant depression, although further investigation is warranted.
Important Insights for the Use of Ketamine from Randomized Controlled Trials That Compared Ketamine with Electroconvulsive Therapy in Severe Depression$$$ Five randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have compared racemic ketamine, mostly administered intravenously in the dose of 0.5 mg/kg across 40–45 minutes, with right unilateral or bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). These RCTs were conducted in samples of severely ill patients with mostly unipolar depression (with or without psychotic features) who were referred for ECT. Of these, 2 RCTs were of reasonably adequate quality to inform clinical practice; one, in fact, was large (n = 186) and had a 1-year post-treatment follow-up. In these RCTs, ECT emerged as a clearly superior treatment with regard to response rate, remission rate, time to response, time to remission, and magnitude of improvement at treatment endpoint; however, relapse rate and time to relapse did not differ between ECT and ketamine groups. ECT appeared superior in older patients and in those with psychotic depression, as well. These findings notwithstanding, response and remission rates with ketamine appeared sufficiently impressive for ketamine to be viewed as a viable alternative to ECT in severely depressed patients who are referred for ECT. Notably, in such patients ketamine does not appear to have dramatic antidepressant action; rather, the benefits evolve across a course of 6 or more alternate day, thrice weekly sessions, validating the concept of a course of ketamine treatment that is administered much as ECT is. Finally, whereas the high relapse rates after successful remission encourage the use of ECT and ketamine as continuation therapy, continuation ketamine must be carefully supervised in patients who are prone to substance abuse.
Knowledge and attitude of medical, psychology and nursing students towards electroconvulsive therapy: A comparative study$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive Therapy is an efficaceous and safe treatment for various psychiatric disorders, such as severe depression, bipolar disorder, catatonia, schizophrenia etc. It has been consistently shown that ECT is superior when compared with simulated ECT, placebo, or psychotroic medications. Despite this, the knowledge regarding ECT is low and there is negative attitude around. Aim: Comparative study of knowledge and attitude of medical, psychology and nursing students towards ECT Objectives: Among medical, psychology and nursing students; • To assess the knowledge and attitudes towards ECT • To compare the knowledge and attitude towards ECT among the three groups Methodology:This study received approval from Ethics Committee. The sample consisted medical, psychological and nursing students. Through google forms sociodemographic data was collected and Knowledge and Attitude towards ECT was assessed through a questionnaire(Sharma et al 2017). Data is analysed using SPSS software and compared. Results and Conclusions: Our study showed medical students have more knowledge and better attitude than other two groups. However, there is a positive correlation between knowledge and attitude regarding ECT.
Long term efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over supplement motor area in patients with the obsessive-compulsive disorder: A double-blind, randomized control trial$$$ Background: OCD is a very debilitating illness that is difficult to treat. Uses of rTMS have been studied in the last decade, but its long-term efficacy as an adjunctive modality is still under trial. Objectives: 1) to compare the efficacy of adjunctive low-frequency true rTMS over SMA in patients with OCD with sham stimulation. 2) to observe the long-term effects of true r-TMS in patients with OCD. Methodology: it was prospective randomized, double-blind, shamcontrolled study, and 30 patients were selected from the outpatient department of the Institute of mental health and hospital, Agra. Patients were diagnosed with OCD as per the international classification of disease version 10(ICD-10) and were deemed treatment resistant-OCD. Patients were divided into true rTMS and sham rTMS groups by using systematic random sampling. Patient's symptoms severity assessed on Y-BOCS, HAM-D and CGI on the baseline, 2nd week and monthly onwards for six months. rTMS was administered 5 days in a week for two weeks and no change in pharmacological treatment was done during this period. Result: 11 out of 15 patients in true rTMS group while 1out of 15 patients in sham rTMS group were found to have more than 25% reduction of Y-BOCS at the end of 2nd week. i.e., the improvement was significant in the true rTMS group (p<0.001) than sham rTMS. 10 out of 11 responders sustained the effect until the end of the 3rd month while only six patients sustained the response at the end of the 6th month. (p>0.05). Conclusion: the result of this study is suggestive of "short term efficacy" of adjunctive low-frequency rTMS over SMA in patients with OCD.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS): An Overview$$$ Introduction: The evolution of electrical stimulation of brain as a treatment modality began with discovery of electrical properties of Catfish by Egyptians. The birth of DC generator in 1st century and study of its effects on neuronal excitability by Priori in 1998 led to the development of modern tDCS, a non-invasive, cost-effective neuromodulation technique. tDCS which is one of the transcranial stimulation methods among others (tACS, tPCS, tRNS, sotDCS) have shown therapeutic utility in schizophrenia, mood and anxiety/child psychiatric/substance use disorders, cognitive enhancement and pain management. Mechanism of action: tDCS causes polarization of RMP through two electrodes placed on scalp; anode with excitability-enhancing; and cathode with inhibitory-enhancing effects. Recent studies show that it reduces level of biomarkers implicated in various neuropsychiatric disorders, causing symptomatic improvement. Electrode Placement: Electrode positioning is made through precise measurements using the International 10-20 System of Electrode Placement. The DLPFC (F3/F4) is the most common site targeted effectively in depression, schizophrenia and substance use disorders and rATL is targeted in Insight and problem-solving. Parameters of Stimulation: The usual electrode sizes are of 25-35 cm2 with currents of 1-2 mA applied for up to 20-40 minutes. The 2.0 mA current for 5-30 minutes is the optimal therapeutic dose preferred in most studies. Safety and Tolerability of Procedure: The usual side effects are mild pain/itching/tingling, redness, insomnia and headache, which are transient and largely tolerable, and has proven to be in overall a safe procedure.
Efficacy of intensive bilateral temporoparietal continuous theta burst stimulation for auditory verbal hallucinations in schizophrenia: A randomized shamcontrolled trial$$$ Trans-cranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can noninvasively modulate specific brain regions to dissipate auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH) in schizophrenia. Citing critical involvement of temporoparietal cortex (TPC) in AVH, we aimed to study the effect of continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) targeting bilateral TPC in schizophrenia subjects with AVH, on a randomized rater blinded placebo control trial. 59 patients were randomly allocated to active and sham groups. They received 20 cTBS sessions (2 per day: first right TPC, then left TPC) 5 days a week for 2 weeks. PANSS (Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale), AVHRS (Auditory vocal hallucination rating scale), PSYRATAH (Psychiatric symptoms rating scale-Auditory hallucinations scale), CDSS (Calgary depression scale for schizophrenia), SCoRS (Schizophrenia cognition rating scale), CGI-S (Clinical global impression-severity) were assessed at baseline, immediately post 20th session and 2 weeks post-TBS. 50 patients (25-active, 25-sham) completed the study. Conducting an intention to treat analysis, we found a significant group∗time effect for PANSS, AVHRS, PSYRATAH, CDSS, SCoRS, CGI-S but when controlled for confounding variables, only PANSS-PS (F=26.617, p<0.001), PANSS-TOTAL (F=23.671, p<0.001), AVHRS (F=17.779, p<0.001), PSYRATAH (F=11.385, p<0.001) and CGI-S (F=28.462, p<0.001) retained significance. We conclude that cTBS over TPC is safe and has efficacy in AVH in schizophrenia.
The effect of High-Definition Transcranial Direct Stimulation (HD-tDCS) on pain in Somatic Symptom Disorder with predominant pain (SSD-P): A randomized single-blind sham controlled cross-over study$$$ Aim: Somatic Symptom Disorder with predominant pain (SSD-P) is a common disorder with unsatisfactory treatment options. Non-invasive brain stimulation such as tDCS is useful in various chronic painful conditions. The aim of the study was to assess the effect and safety of 2 sessions of HD-tDCS over left motor cortex on pain and other associated variables in SSD-P on appropriate rating scales. Methodology: Institute Ethics Committee approval was sought and registered in the Clinical Trials Registry of India. Single-blind, sham controlled, cross-over study design was employed. Thirty right handed patients with DSM-5 diagnosis of SSD-P, aged 18-60 years, receiving stable treatment were enrolled by consecutive sampling. After block randomization, a novel protocol (2 short interval repeated sessions) of either active or sham HD-tDCS was administered followed by a wash out period of 7 days and cross over. Assessments were done at baseline, week 1 and 2. Results: Participants were comparable on all baseline parameters. ANCOVA showed no order×group interaction. On RM-ANOVA all participants irrespective of entering active or sham arm showed statistically significant difference (with good effect size, Cohen's d >0.8) in pain and associated parameters like depression, anxiety, pain related interference, burden and disability at week 2. But at week 1, this was observed only in active arm. Transient mild local side effects like burning, pain and itching were noted. No cognitive side effects were observed. Discussion: This was the first study of HD-tDCS on SSD-P. Bias due to randomization, order of stimulation and blinding was ruled out. Single session repeated protocol can be effective in pain reduction and other parameters. Effects were sustained over a week. Conclusion: 2 sessions of active HD-tDCS is safe and effective in reduction of pain and other associated variables like interference, burden and disability in SSD-P. Trial of short protocols is further required.
Effects of bilateral sequential theta-burst stimulation on 5-HT1A receptors on dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in treatment resistant depression$$$ Theta-burst stimulation (TBS) represents a brain stimulation technique effective for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) as underlined by meta-analyses. While the methodology undergoes constant refinement, bilateral stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) appears promising to restore left DLPFC hypoactivity and right hyperactivity found in depression. The post-synaptic inhibitory serotonin-1A (5-HT1A) receptor, also occurring in the DLPFC, might be involved in this mechanism of action. To test this hypothesis, we performed PET-imaging using the tracer [carbonyl-11C]WAY-100635 including arterial blood sampling before and after a three-week treatment with TBS in 11 TRD patients compared to sham stimulation (n=8 and n=3, respectively). Treatment groups were randomly assigned, and TBS protocol consisted in excitatory intermittent TBS to the left and inhibitory continuous TBS to the right DLPFC. A linear mixed model including group, hemisphere time and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) score revealed a 3-way interaction effect of group time and HAMD on 5-HT1A receptor specific binding VS. While post-hoc comparisons showed no significant changes of 5-HT1A VS in either group, higher 5-HT1A VS after treatment correlated with greater difference in HAMD (r=-0.62), indicative of potential effects of TBS on the 5-HT1A receptor. Due to the small sample size, all results, however, must be regarded with caution.
The GG genotype of the serotonin 4 receptor genetic polymorphism, rs1345697, is associated with lower remission rates after antidepressant treatment: Findings from the METADAP cohort$$$ Background: Pharmacological studies have yielded valuable insights into the role of the serotonin 4 receptor (HTR4) in major depressive episodes (MDE) and response to antidepressant drugs (AD). A genetic association has been shown between HTR4 and susceptibility to mood disorders. Our study aims at assessing the association between the HTR4 genetic polymorphism, rs1345697, and improvement in depressive symptoms and remission after antidepressant treatment in MDE patients. Methods: 492 depressed patients from the METADAP cohort were treated prospectively for 6 months with ADs. The clinical outcomes according to HTR4 rs1345697 were compared after 1 (M1), 3 (M3), and 6 (M6) months of treatment. Mixed-effects logistic regression and adjusted linear models assessed the association between rs1345697 and 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) score improvement and response/remission. Results: Over the 6 months of treatment, mixed-effects regressions showed lower improvements in HDRS scores (Coefficient=1.52; Confident Interval (CI) 95% [0.37–2.67]; p = 0.009) and lower remission rates (Odds Ratio=2.0; CI95% [1.0–4.1]; p = 0.05) in GG homozygous patients as compared to allele A carriers. Limitations: The major limitations of our study are the uncertainty of the rs1345697 effect on HTR4 function, the substantial drop-out rate, and the fact that analysis is not based on randomization between polymorphism groups. Conclusions: In our study, patients who were homozygous carriers of the variant G of the HTR4 rs1345697 had lower depressive symptoms improvement and 2-fold lower remission rates after antidepressant treatment as compared to allele A carriers. Randomization study should be done to confirm these results.
A response to yet another defence of ECT in the absence of robust efficacy and safety evidence$$$ It is estimated that electroconvulsive therapy is still administered to approximately a million people a year. It involves passing enough electric current through the human brain, eight to twelve times, to cause convulsions, in the hope of somehow alleviating emotional suffering, primarily depression. There have only ever been 11 placebo-controlled studies (where general anaesthesia is administered but the electric shock is withheld), all of which were pre-1986, had very small sample sizes and were seriously methodologically flawed. Five of these studies found no difference between the two groups at the end of treatment, four found ECT produced better outcomes for some patients, and two produced mixed results, including one where psychiatrists’ ratings produced a difference, but the ratings of nurses and patients did not. In the 80 years since the first ECT no studies have found any evidence that ECT is better than placebo beyond the end of treatment. Nevertheless, all five meta-analyses relying on these studies have somehow concluded that ECT is more effective than placebo despite the studies’ multiple failings. Meanwhile, evidence of persistent or permanent memory loss in 12% to 55% of patients has accumulated. Attempts to highlight this failure of ECT proponents to provide robust evidence that their treatment is effective and safe are routinely dismissed, diminished, denied and denounced. This paper responds to one such attempt, by Drs Meechan, Laws, Young, McLoughlin and Jauhar, to discredit two systematic reviews of the eleven pre-1986 studies, in 2010 and 2019, the latter of which also reviewed five meta-analyses that had ignored the studies’ failings. The criticisms and claims of the recent crtiique of the two systematic reviews are examined in detail, by the first author of both reviews, for accuracy, relevance and logic. The critique is found to include multiple errors, misrepresentations, omissions, inconsistencies and logical flaws. It is concluded that Meechan et al. fail to make a fact-based, coherent argument against suspending ECT pending a series of large, carefully designed placebo-controlled studies to establish whether ECT does have any beneficial effects against which to weigh the significant established adverse effects.
Non-invasive Brain Stimulation for Neuropathic Pain After Spinal Cord Injury: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-Analysis$$$ Objective: This study aims to systematically evaluate the effect of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) on neuropathic pain (NP) after spinal cord injury and compare the effects of two different NIBS. Methods: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) about the effect of NIBS on NP after spinal cord injury (SCI) were retrieved from the databases of PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, CNKI, Wanfang Data, VIP, and CBM from inception to September 2021. The quality of the trials was assessed, and the data were extracted according to the Cochrane handbook of systematic review. Statistical analysis was conducted with Stata (version 16) and R software (version 4.0.2). Results: A total of 17 studies involving 507 patients were included. The meta-analysis showed that NIBS could reduce the pain score (SMD = −0.84, 95% CI −1.27 −0.40, P = 0.00) and the pain score during follow-up (SMD = −0.32, 95%CI −0.57 −0.07, P = 0.02), and the depression score of the NIBS group was not statistically significant than that of the control group (SMD = −0.43, 95%CI −0.89–0.02, P = 0.06). The network meta-analysis showed that the best probabilistic ranking of the effects of two different NIBS on the pain score was repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) (P = 0.62) > transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) (P = 0.38). Conclusion: NIBS can relieve NP after SCI. The effect of rTMS on NP is superior to that of tDCS. We suggest that the rTMS parameters are 80–120% resting motion threshold and 5–20 Hz, while the tDCS parameters are 2 mA and 20 min. However, it is necessary to carry out more large-scale, multicenter, double-blind, high-quality RCT to explore the efficacy and mechanism of NIBS for NP after SCI.
The Effects of a Single Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Session on Impulsivity and Risk Among a Sample of Adult Recreational Cannabis Users$$$ Individuals with substance use disorders exhibit risk-taking behaviors, potentially leading to negative consequences and difficulty maintaining recovery. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have yielded mixed effects on risk-taking among healthy controls. Given the importance of risk-taking behaviors among substance-using samples, this study aimed to examine the effects of tDCS on risk-taking among a sample of adults using cannabis. Using a double-blind design, 27 cannabis users [M(SD) age = 32.48 (1.99), 41% female] were randomized, receiving one session of active or sham tDCS over the bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). Stimulation parameters closely followed prior studies with anodal right dlPFC and cathodal left dlPFC stimulation. Risk-taking—assessed via a modified Cambridge Gambling Task—was measured before and during tDCS. Delay and probability discounting tasks were assessed before and after stimulation. No significant effects of stimulation on risk-taking behavior were found. However, participants chose the less risky option ∼86% of the trials before stimulation which potentially contributed to ceiling effects. These results contradict one prior study showing increased risk-taking among cannabis users following tDCS. There was a significant increase in delay discounting of a $1000 delayed reward during stimulation for the sham group only, but no significant effects for probability discounting. The current study adds to conflicting and inconclusive literature on tDCS and cognition among substance-using samples. In conclusion, results suggest the ineffectiveness of single session dlPFC tDCS using an established stimulation protocol on risk-taking, although ceiling effects at baseline may have also prevented behavior change following tDCS.
A preliminary study of precise treatment for major depression patients with suicide ideation by individualized targeted robot assisted Stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy$$$ Objective To explore the efficacy, safety and possible brain network mechanisms of individualized targeted robot assisted Stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (SAINT). Methods This was a small-sample, open-label study including 15 depressed patients with suicidal ideation. All participants were treated with SAINT in combination with SNRIs. The stimulation target was localized to the region of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) that showed the most negative functional connectivity with the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) based on fMRI data. Stimulation sessions were delivered hourly. Ten sessions were applied per day (18, 000 pulses/day) for 5 consecutive days (90, 000 pulses in total). Stimulation was delivered at 90% resting motor threshold. The changes of functional connectivity of brain networks in various brain regions before and after treatment were compared and analyzed by rest software and functional connectivity analysis based on seed points. The Beck Suicidal Ideation Scale Chinese Version (BSI-CV), HAMD17, and MADRS were used to assess the suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms at baseline, post treatment, 15 days after treatment, and 30 days after treatment. Statistical analysis was performed using repeated measurements of ANOVA and paired t-tests. Results (1) After 5-day treatment, individual′s BSI-CV score decreased significantly (F=38.77, P<0.01), and their average score decreased by 11.80±1.17 (95%CI= 8.19-15.41), with a response rate of 86.67%. SAINT was well tolerated, and there were no significant side effects on individual′s cognitive function. (2) After treatment, patient′s MADRS score decreased significantly at all follow-up assessments (F=306.97, P<0.01), and the average score decreased by 22.53±1.10 (95%CI=19.15-25.91) after 5-day treatment, with a response rate of 93.33%. After 15 days and 30 days, the remission and response rates of treatment were 53.33%, 100.00%, 93.33% and 100.00%, respectively. (3) The functional network connectivity after individualized targeted robot assisted SAINT therapy showed significant improvement between sgACC, frontal lobe, temporal lobe, and parietal lobe. Conclusion Individualized targeted robot assisted SAINT therapy showed satisfactory efficacy and safety in the reduction of suicidal ideation and depressive symptoms, and also improve the functional network connectivity of the injured brain network. Meanwhile, large-sample, randomized, and double-blind controlled studies are warranted to confirm the findings of the current study.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in bipolar disorder: A systematic review$$$ Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is commonly used in unipolar depression; yet, its evidence in bipolar disorder (BD) is limited. We sought to review the evidence on the use of rTMS across the different stages of BD. Methods: MEDLINE database was systematically searched using the PubMed interface following the PRISMA guidelines. Inclusion criteria were as follows: (i) randomized clinical trials (RCTs), open-label studies, and case series; (ii) specific evaluation of the treatment outcomes using psychometric scales; (iii) clinical studies in adults; and (iv) articles in the English language. The systematic review has been registered on PROSPERO (CRD42020192788). Results: Thirty-one papers were included in the review. Most studies included participants diagnosed with a bipolar depressive episode (N = 24), have yielded mixed findings, and have yet to reach a consensus on the most effective rTMS protocol. Few studies examined the effect of rTMS during manic (N = 5) or mixed episode (N = 1), or as maintenance treatment (N = 1). The limited data thus far suggest rTMS to be relatively safe and well tolerated. Small sample sizes, heterogeneity among study designs, patients and control groups recruited, rTMS parameters, and outcome measures are among the most significant limitations to these studies. Conclusion: The current data regarding the application of rTMS in BD patients remain limited. More adequately powered sham-controlled studies are required to verify its efficacy. Large-scale clinical trials are needed to also determine whether its effects extend to manic and mixed episodes, as well as its role in mood stabilization and amelioration of suicidal behavior.
Personalization of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Chronic Subjective Tinnitus$$$ Background: Personalization of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for tinnitus might be capable to overcome the heterogeneity of treatment responses. The assessment of loudness changes after short rTMS protocols in test sessions has been proposed as a strategy to identify the best protocol for the daily treatment application. However, the therapeutic advantages of this approach are currently not clear. The present study was designed to further investigate the feasibility and clinical efficacy of personalized rTMS as compared to a standardized rTMS protocol used for tinnitus. Methods: RTMS personalization was conducted via test sessions and reliable, sham-superior responses respectively short-term reductions in tinnitus loudness following active rTMS protocols (1, 10, 20 Hz, each 200 pulses) applied over the left and right temporal cortex. Twenty pulses at a frequency of 0.1 Hz served as a control condition (sham). In case of a response, patients were randomly allocated to ten treatment sessions of either personalized rTMS (2000 pulses with the site and frequency producing the most pronounced loudness reduction during test sessions) or standard rTMS (1 Hz, 2000 pulses left temporal cortex). Those participants who did not show a response during the test sessions received the standard protocol as well. Results: The study was terminated prematurely after 22 patients (instead of 50 planned) as the number of test session responders was much lower than expected (27% instead of 50%). Statistical evaluation of changes in metric tinnitus variables and treatment responses indicated only numerical, but not statistical superiority for personalized rTMS compared to standard treatment. Conclusions: The current stage of investigation does not allow for a clear conclusion about the therapeutic advantages of personalized rTMS for tinnitus based on test session responses. The feasibility of this approach is primarily limited by the low test session response rate.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of 3 repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation devices for depression: A meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been employed worldwide for therapy-resistant depression. The Food and Drug Administration has approved a number of therapeutic devices for treating major depressive disorder; however, no studies have examined the differences in efficacy and acceptability among commercially available stimulation devices. The aim of our study was to compare the efficacy and acceptability of 3 stimulation devices (NeuroStar, MagPro, and Magstim) for depressive disorders. Methods: Our study included 31 randomized shamcontrolled trials of high-frequency rTMS included in the network meta-analysis by Brunoni. We calculated the risk ratio and 95% confidence intervals, comparing each device with sham for the endpoints of response rate, remission rate, and all-cause discontinuation. We then analyzed the differences among the devices in effect size for those endpoints. Results: After determining the effect sizes for the endpoints, we found no statistically significant subgroup differences in the response rates, all-cause discontinuation, or remission rates among the devices (p = 0.12, p = 0.84, and p = 0.07, respectively). Conclusion: Our results suggest similar efficacy and acceptability for the 3 stimulation devices. Future studies need to perform head-to-head comparisons of the efficacy and acceptability of the stimulation devices for treating depression using the same stimulation protocols.
Pharmacological and somatic treatment effects on suicide in adults: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Suicide is a public health crisis. We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of the effects of psychopharmacologic and somatic therapies on suicide risk. Methods: A systematic search of MEDLINE for studies evaluating the effects of pharmacologic (excluding antidepressants) or somatic interventions on suicide risk was conducted. Studies were included if they used a comparison group, reported on suicide death, assessed a psychopharmacological or somatic intervention, and included adults. Study quality was assessed using the Newcastle–Ottawa scale. Fifty-seven studies were included from 2940 reviewed citations. Results: In bipolar disorder, lithium was associated with a reduction in the odds of suicide compared to active controls (odds ratio [OR] =.58, p =.005; k = 12) and compared to placebo/no lithium (OR =.46, p =.009; k = 9). In mixed diagnostic samples, lithium was associated with a reduction in the odds of suicide compared to placebo/no lithium (OR =.27, p <.001; k = 12), but not compared to active controls (OR =.89, p =.468; k = 7). In psychotic disorders, clozapine was associated with a reduction in the odds of suicide (OR =.46, p =.007; k = 7). Associations between suicide death and electroconvulsive therapy (OR =.77, p =.053; k = 11), non-clozapine antipsychotics in bipolar disorder (OR =.73, p =.090; k = 6) and antipsychotics in psychotic disorders (OR =.39, p =.069; k = 6) were not significant. There was no consistent relationship between antiepileptic mood stabilizers and suicide. There were insufficient studies to meta-analyze associations of suicide risk with vagus nerve stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy, or transcranial direct current stimulation. Conclusion: Lithium and clozapine have consistent data supporting protective effects against suicide in certain clinical contexts.
Rapid cycling bipolar disorder: Literature review on pharmacological treatment illustrated by a case report on ketamine$$$ Introduction: Rapid cycling bipolar disorder (RCBD) is defined as four or more affective episodes (depression, mania or hypomania) within 1 year. RCBD has a high point of prevalence (from 10% to 20% among clinical bipolar samples) and is associated with greater severity, longer illness duration, worse global functioning and higher suicidal risk, but there is no consensus on treatment option. The use of several pharmacological agents has been reported (levothyroxine, antipsychotics, antidepressants and mood stabilizers). Objective: The main objective of this review was to propose a critical review of the literature and to rank the pharmacological agent using a level of evidence (LEO) adapted from the Center for Evidence-Based Medicine, and to illustrate it with a case report on off-label intravenous ketamine. Method: We conducted a review using the MeSH terms and keywords (bipolar [Title/Abstract]) AND (rapid [Title/Abstract]) AND (cycling [Title/Abstract]) AND (treatment [Title/Abstract]). Alexis Bourla and Stéphane Mouchabac screened 638 documents identified through literature search in Medline (PubMed) or by bibliographic references and 164 abstracts were then analyzed. Nonpharmacological treatments were excluded. Result: Seventy articles were included in the review and divided into six categories: mood stabilizers, antipsychotics, hormonal treatments, ketamine and other pharmacological treatments. Discussion: Our review highlights the heterogeneity of the pharmacological treatment of RCBD and no clear consensus can emerge.
Course of Illness and Treatment Updates for Bipolar Disorder in the Perinatal Period$$$ Purpose of Review: The perinatal period is a time of increased vulnerability for people with bipolar disorder (BD). The purpose of this review is to provide an update of the literature from the last 3 years regarding course of illness and treatments for BD in the perinatal period to guide clinical care. Recent Findings: Postpartum manic and depressive episodes are emerging as having a unique presentation that may differentiate them from non-perinatal mood episodes. Many important updates regarding medication treatment in the perinatal period have been published recently that have considered the risks of untreated illness versus treatment risks in this population.’ Summary: Despite significant research, there are still gaps in knowledge regarding safety and efficacy of medications for the mother and child. Crucial future areas of study include improved screening guidelines, randomized controlled trials examining medication safety in pregnancy and lactation, and efficacy of nonpharmacologic treatments.
Evaluating the efficacy and safety of calcium channel blockers as adjunctive analgesics to opioid therapy: a literature review$$$ Calcium channel blockers have been postulated as opioid adjuncts, due to their complementary mechanism of action, which may reduce pain signal transduction. The purpose of this study was to conduct a literature review regarding the safety and efficacy of calcium channel blockers alongside opioids in pain management. From August 2020 to January 2021, PubMed, Scopus, and ProQuest were searched using the following terminology: calcium channel blocker OR verapamil OR diltiazem OR amlodipine OR nicardipine OR nimodipine OR nifedipine AND analgesia. Studies included were those with adult human subjects that had reported efficacy and safety outcomes for calcium channel blocker use as opioid adjuncts. Exclusion criteria for the analysis were articles including pregnant patients, those not readily translatable to English and those detailing the use of calcium channel blockers for an alternative diagnosis or indication. Ten studies were included in this review. Five were randomised controlled trials, one involving verapamil, one addressing diltiazem, one including nifedipine and three examining nimodipine. A sixth clinical trial involving verapamil, diltiazem and nimodipine was reviewed. The seventh and final clinical trial included nimodipine or nifedipine use during aorto-coronary bypass surgery. One conclusive study addressed nimodipine’s use in cancer patients treated with morphine and the other nifedipine’s morphine adjunct potential postoperatively. Currently, there is insufficient data to support the use of calcium channel blockers as adjuncts to opioid therapy in pain management. When compared, the studies came to varying conclusions and demonstrated conflicting data indicating the need for more research regarding this topic.
Advances in Cognitive Remediation Training in Schizophrenia: A Review$$$ Cognitive Remediation Training (CRT) in schizophrenia has made great strides since its introduction in the 1990s. CRT was developed with the aim of improving the everyday functioning of individuals living with cognitive impairment. MEDLINE, PsychINFO, and Google Scholar were searched to extract peer-reviewed randomized controlled trials to produce the current review article. The aim of the present review is to summarize CRT effects on addressing cognitive changes in patients undergoing CRT as defined by the Cognitive Remediation Experts Workshop and to describe the areas of greatest impact in specific cognitive domains. Another area of this review aims to summarize the modalities of intervention (paper and pencil; computerized; home bound), the persistence of improvements, and their generalization to other domains of functioning. Finally, this review delineates barriers for wider dissemination of CRT, such as the transfer of research findings into clinical everyday practice and future developments of CRT.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) as a Promising Treatment for Craving in Stimulant Drugs and Behavioral Addiction: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Addiction is a mental disorder with limited available treatment options. The therapeutic potential of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on it, by targeting craving in particular, has been explored with heterogenous results. This meta-analysis uses updated evidence to assess overall rTMS efficacy on craving, differential effects between addiction types clustered into three groups (depressant (alcohol, cannabis, opiate), stimulant (nicotine, cocaine, methamphetamine), and behavioral addiction (gambling, eating disorder)), and stimulation settings. Studies on substance use, gambling, and eating disorders are included, with unrestricted stimulation settings, by searching the PubMed, Embase, PsycINFO, and Cochrane databases up to 30 April 2020. A total of 34 eligible studies (42 units of analysis) were identified. Because of highly significant heterogeneity in primary results, a sensitivity analysis was performed on a remaining sample of 26 studies (30 units of analysis). Analyses performed using random effects model revealed a small effect size favoring active rTMS over shamTMS stimulation in the reduction in craving. We found a significant difference between addiction types, with a persistent small effect only for stimulant and behavioral groups. In these groups we found no difference between the different combinations of target and frequency of stimulation, but a significant correlation between number of sessions and craving reduction. In conclusion, efficacy of rTMS on craving in stimulant and behavioral addiction was highlighted, but recommendations on optimal stimulation settings and its clinical application await further research.
Ten Sessions of 30 Min tDCS over 5 Days to Achieve Remission in Depression: A Randomized Pilot Study$$$ Although transcranial Direct Current stimulation (tDCS) shows promise in the treatment of major depressive episodes, the optimal parameters and population to target remain unclear. We investigated the clinical interest of a 10 session tDCS regimen in patients with mild to severe treatment-resistant depression, in a pilot double-blind, randomized sham-controlled trial. tDCS was delivered over 5 consecutive days (two 30 min sessions per day separated by at least 2 h, 2 mA). The anode and cathode were placed over the left and the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, respectively. One month after tDCS, we observed significantly fewer patients who achieved remission (MADRS10 < 10) in the sham group (0 out of 18 patients) than in the active group (5 out of 21 patients; p = 0.05). However, no significant difference was observed between the groups regarding the mean scores of severity changes throughout the study period. Bifrontal add-on tDCS delivered twice per day over 5 days, in combination with antidepressant medication, can be a safe and suitable approach to achieve remission in patients with mild to severe treatment-resistant major depressive disorder. However, in regards to the pilot nature and limitations of the present study, further studies are needed before any frank conclusions can be made regarding the use of tDCS with the proposed parameters in clinical settings.
Hip fractures in patients treated with antipsychotic drugs. Study of retrospective cohorts in Catalonia$$$ Objective: To evaluate the incidence of hip fracture in patients with antipsychotic treatment, comparing it with that of individuals who have not been treated with antipsychotics. Design: Retrospective cohort study of patients treated with antipsychotic drugs (TAP) and patients without known treatment (non-TAP). The observation period was 2006–2014. Site: All primary care teams in Catalonia of the Catalan Health Institute (ICS). Participants: Patients older than 44 years with TAP lasting at least 3 months. Control cohort: random selection of non-TAP patients matching for baseline comorbidities and other variables. A total of 22,010 are analyzed. Main measurements Incidence rate (1000× person-years: PY) of hip fracture in each group (TAP and non-TAP). Cox regression models to estimate adjusted risks (hazard ratio: HR). Results: The hip fracture incidence rate was higher in TAP patients (5.83 vs 3.58 fractures per 1000 PY), and is higher in all strata according to sex, age and type of diagnosis. The risk of suffering a hip fracture was 60% higher (HR: 1.60 95% CI: 1.34–1.92) in the TAP group than in the non-TAP group. The risk was higher in the group with schizophrenia (HR: 3.57 95% CI: 1.75–7.30), followed by bipolar disorder (HR: 2.61; 95% CI: 1.39–4.92) and depression (HR: 1.51; 95% CI: 1.21–1.88). Conclusions: Patients with antipsychotic treatment have a higher risk of hip fracture than those who have not been treated with antipsychotics.
Efficacy of Deep TMS with the H1 Coil for Anxious Depression$$$ (1) Background: While the therapeutic efficacy of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) for major depressive disorder (MDD) is well established, less is known about the technique’s efficacy for treating comorbid anxiety. (2) Methods: Data were retrospectively analyzed from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that used Deep TMS with the H1 Coil for MDD treatment. The primary endpoint was the difference relative to sham treatment following 4 weeks of stimulation. The effect size was compared to literature values for superficial TMS and medication treatments. (3) Results: In the pivotal RCT, active Deep TMS compared with sham treatment showed significantly larger improvements in anxiety score (effect size = 0.34, p = 0.03 (FDR)) which were sustained until 16 weeks (effect size = 0.35, p = 0.04). The pooled effect size between all the RCTs was 0.55, which compares favorably to alternative treatments. A direct comparison to Figure-8 Coil treatment indicated that treatment with the H1 Coil was significantly more effective (p = 0.042). In contrast to previously reported studies using superficial TMS and medication for which anxiety has been shown to be a negative predictor of effectiveness, higher baseline anxiety was found to be predictive of successful outcome for the H1-Coil treatment. (4) Conclusions: Deep TMS is effective in treating comorbid anxiety in MDD and, unlike alternative treatments, the outcome does not appear to be adversely affected by high baseline anxiety levels.
Serum glial cell derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) as a predictor of response to HD-tDCS in bipolar affective disorder$$$ Serum glial cell line derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) homeostasis within brain circuits represent target for focal neuromodulation techniques such as high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS). In current trial 37 inpatients with bipolar disorder (BD) received active (n = 18) or sham (n = 19) anodal HD-tDCS over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Outcome measures evaluated by YMRS (p = 0.001, effect size=0.946), BPRS (p = 0.015, effect size=0.220) scales and serum GDNF (p = 0.003, effect size = 0.287) at baseline, before and after receiving HD-tDCS revealed significant improvement (active>sham) with modest effect size. However, the study findings are limited due to small sample size and shorter duration of follow-up.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for geriatric depression$$$ Background: The prevalence of treatment-resistant geriatric depression (GD) highlights the need for treatments that preserve cognitive functions and recognize polypharmacy in elderly, yet effectively reduce symptom burden. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a proven intervention for treatment-resistant depression in younger adults but the efficacy of TMS to treat depressed older adults is still unclear. This review provides an updated view on the efficacy of TMS treatment for GD, discusses methodological differences between trials in TMS application, and explores avenues for optimization of TMS treatment in the context of the ageing brain. Methods: A systematic review was conducted to identify published literature on the antidepressant efficacy of TMS for GD. Databases PubMed, Embase, and PsycINFO were searched for English language articles in peer-reviewed journals in March 2021. Results: Seven randomized controlled trials (RCTs) (total n = 260, active n = 148, control n = 112) and seven uncontrolled trials (total n = 160) were included. Overall, we found substantial variability in the clinical response, ranging from 6.7% to 54.3%. Conclusions: The reviewed literature highlights large heterogeneity among studies both in terms of the employed TMS dosage and the observed clinical efficacy. This highlights the need for optimizing TMS dosage by recognizing the unique clinical features of GD. We showcase a set of novel approaches for the optimization of the TMS protocol for depression and discuss the possibility for a standardized TMS protocol tailored for the treatment of GD.
Real-world Implementation of a Smartphone-Based Psychoeducation Program for Bipolar Disorder: Observational Ecological Study$$$ Background: SIMPLe is an internet‐delivered self‐management mobile app for bipolar disorder (BD) designed to combine technology with evidence-based interventions and facilitate access to psychoeducational content. The SIMPLe app was launched to the real world to make it available worldwide within the context of BD treatment. Objective: The main aims of this study are as follows: to describe app use, engagement, and retention rates based on server data; to identify patterns of user retention over the first 6-month follow-up of use; and to explore potential factors contributing to discontinuation of app use. Methods: This was an observational ecological study in which we pooled available data from a real-world implementation of the SIMPLe app. Participation was open on the project website, and the data-collection sources were a web-based questionnaire on clinical data and treatment history administered at inclusion and at 6 months, subjective data gathered through continuous app use, and the use patterns captured by the app server. Characteristics and engagement of regular users, occasional users, and no users were compared using 2-tailed t tests or analysis of variance or their nonparametric equivalent. Survival analysis and risk functions were applied to regular users’ data to examine and compare use and user retention. In addition, a user evaluation analysis was performed based on satisfaction, perceived usefulness, and reasons to discontinue app use. Results: We included 503 participants with data collected between 2016 and 2018, of whom 77.5% (n=390) used the app. Among the app users, 44.4% (173/390) completed the follow-up assessment, and data from these participants were used in our analyses. Engagement declined gradually over the first 6 months of use. The probability of retention of the regular users after 1 month of app use was 67.4% (263/390; 95% CI 62.7%-72.4%). Age (P=.002), time passed since illness onset (P<.001), and years since diagnosis of BD (P=.048) correlate with retention duration. In addition, participants who had been diagnosed with BD for longer used the app on more days (mean 97.73, SD 69.15 days; P=.002) than those who had had a more recent onset (mean 66.49, SD 66.18 days; P=.002) or those who had been diagnosed more recently (mean 73.45, SD 66 days; P=.01). Conclusions: The user retention rate of the app decreased rapidly after each month until reaching only one-third of the users at 6 months. There exists a strong association between age and app engagement of individuals with BD. Other variables such as years lived with BD, diagnosis of an anxiety disorder, and taking antipsychotics seem relevant as well. Understanding these associations can help in the definition of the most suitable user profiles for predicting trends of engagement, optimization of app prescription, and management.
Effect of Self-administered Transcranial Direct Stimulation in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder: A Randomized, Single-blinded Clinical Trial$$$ Objective: In numerous studies that have addressed transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) devices, participants visit the hospital regularly and undergo stimulation directed by health professionals. This method has the advantage of being able to deliver accurate stimuli in a controlled environment, but it does not adopt the merits of tDCS portability and applicability. Thus, it may be necessary to investigate how self-administered tDCS treatment at home affects depression-related symptoms. Methods: In this randomized, single-blinded clinical trial, 58 patients with major depressive disorder were assigned to active and sham tDCS stimulation groups, and treatment responses were evaluated biweekly over six weeks. Both active and sham tDCS treatment group were treated with escitalopram. All participants were instructed the protocol and usage of at-home tDCS device, and self-administered tDCS treatment at their home. Results: The beck-depression inventory score decreased significantly as treatment progressed, and the degree of symptom improvement was significantly higher in the active group than in the sham tDCS group. There were no significant differences between the two groups in other indices, including the Hamilton Depression Scale. Conclusion: These results suggest that patient-administered tDCS treatment might be effective in improving subjective symptoms of depression.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Generalized Anxiety Disorder: A Systematic Literature Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Anxiety disorders such as generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) impact 10% of the US population, and many patients do not completely respond to first-line treatments (e.g., selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, and psychotherapy). Given the dearth of evidence for non-pharmacologic, non-psychotherapeutic interventions, we performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in adults with GAD. Methods: A systematic literature review using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines was conducted. Pre-and post-treatment anxiety scores were extracted, and a random-effects meta-analysis was conducted to determine the magnitude of improvement (standardized mean difference). Standard assessments of heterogeneity (e.g., Q-statistic, I2, and τ2) and publication bias were performed. Results: The initial search resulted in 3194 citations, of which 6 studies were included in the meta-analysis. In total, 152 patients were studied, including 97 patients who received active treatment and 55 who received sham treatment, and heterogeneity was modest (I2 13.32, Q = 5.77). In patients with GAD, rTMS produced a standardized mean difference of-1.857 (confidence interval:-2.219 to-1.494; P <. 001) with a prediction interval of-2.55 to-1.16. Conclusions: The results suggest a robust effect of rTMS in GAD in the context of limited, heterogenous studies. Rigorously designed, randomized controlled trials of rTMS for GAD and related anxiety disorders are urgently needed. These studies will provide opportunities for biomarker development and integration of concurrent evidence-based psychotherapy to maximize results.
Stanford Neuromodulation Therapy (SNT): A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective: Depression is the leading cause of disability worldwide, and half of patients with depression have treatment-resistant depression. Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of treatment-resistant depression but is limited by suboptimal efficacy and a 6-week duration. The authors addressed these limitations by developing a neuroscience-informed accelerated iTBS protocol, Stanford neuromodulation therapy (SNT; previously referred to as Stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy, or SAINT). This protocol was associated with a remission rate of 90% after 5 days of open-label treatment. Here, the authors report the results of a sham-controlled double-blind trial of SNT for treatment-resistant depression. Methods: Participants with treatment-resistant depression currently experiencing moderate to severe depressive episodes were randomly assigned to receive active or sham SNT. Resting-state functional MRI was used to individually target the region of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex most functionally anticorrelated with the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex. The primary outcome was score on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) 4 weeks after treatment. Results: At the planned interim analysis, 32 participants with treatment-resistant depression had been enrolled, and 29 participants who continued to meet inclusion criteria received either active (N514) or sham (N515) SNT. The mean percent reduction from baseline in MADRS score 4 weeks after treatment was 52.5% in the active treatment group and 11.1% in the sham treatment group. Conclusions: SNT, a high-dose iTBS protocol with functional-connectivity-guided targeting, was more effective than sham stimulation for treatment-resistant depression. Further trials are needed to determine SNT’s durability and to compare it with other treatments.
Ketamine for the treatment of mental health and substance use disorders: Comprehensive systematic review$$$ In the past two decades, subanaesthetic doses of ketamine have been demonstrated to have rapid and sustained antidepressant effects, and accumulating research has demonstrated ketamine's therapeutic effects for a range of psychiatric conditions. Aims In light of these findings surrounding ketamine's psychotherapeutic potential, we systematically review the extant evidence on ketamine's effects in treating mental health disorders. Method The systematic review protocol was registered in PROSPERO (identifier CRD42019130636). Human studies investigating the therapeutic effects of ketamine in the treatment of mental health disorders were included. Because of the extensive research in depression, bipolar disorder and suicidal ideation, only systematic reviews and meta-analyses were included. We searched Medline and PsycINFO on 21 October 2020. Risk-of-bias analysis was assessed with the Cochrane Risk of Bias tools and A Measurement Tool to Assess Systematic Reviews (AMSTAR) Checklist. Results We included 83 published reports in the final review: 33 systematic reviews, 29 randomised controlled trials, two randomised trials without placebo, three non-randomised trials with controls, six open-label trials and ten retrospective reviews. The results were presented via narrative synthesis. Conclusions Systematic reviews and meta-analyses provide support for robust, rapid and transient antidepressant and anti-suicidal effects of ketamine. Evidence for other indications is less robust, but suggests similarly positive and short-lived effects. The conclusions should be interpreted with caution because of the high risk of bias of included studies. Optimal dosing, modes of administration and the most effective forms of adjunctive psychotherapeutic support should be examined further.
Efficacy of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Reducing Suicidal Ideation in Depression: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to systematically review the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in reducing suicidal ideation in depression. Methods: PubMed, Web of Science, CBMdisc, WanFang, Chongqing VIP, and CNKI databases were electronically searched for randomized controlled trials of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) intervention in the management of suicidal ideation from inception to February 24, 2021. Two reviewers independently screened studies, extracted data, and assessed the quality of included studies. Meta-analysis was then performed using STATA 15.1 software. Results: A total of eight articles involving 566 patients were included. The meta-analysis results showed that the suicidal ideation scores of the group who received TMS treatment were significantly lower [standardized mean difference (SMD) = −0.415, 95% confidence interval (CI): −0.741 to −0.090, P = 0.012] than those of the control group. Subgroup analysis showed that age, TMS pattern, frequency of intervention, and stimulation threshold altered the TMS efficacy. Conclusions: Evidence showed that TMS achieved superior results in reducing suicidal ideation. Because of the limited quality and quantity of the included studies, more high-quality studies are required to verify the conclusions. Systematic Review Registration: https://inplasy.com/, identifier: INPLASY202180065.
Predictive roles of brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism on antidepressant efficacy of different forms of prefrontal brain stimulation monotherapy: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Although repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and prolonged intermittent theta-burst stimulation (piTBS) can induce changes in synaptic plasticity, the influence of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) genotypes on their antidepressant effects remain unknown. Hence, we investigated the BDNF polymorphism contribution to the antidepressant effect of different forms left-sided prefrontal stimulations in a randomized, sham-controlled study Methods: Seventy-five patients with medication-resistant depression were randomly assigned into three monotherapy groups: piTBS, high-frequency(HF) rTMS, or sham. The acute treatment period was two weeks. 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating scale (HDRS-17) were applied at baseline, week-1, and week-2. The primary outcome was percentage changes of HDRS-17 (%HDRS-17 changes) analyzed by generalized estimating equation (GEE) model. Results: The GEE analysis revealed a significant interaction between group, time, and BDNF genotypes effects on %HDRS-17 changes over time. In patients carrying Val homozygotes, piTBS and HF-rTMS both exhibited significantly greater %HDRS reduction than sham at week-2. In Met carriers, only piTBS showed better efficacy than sham at week-2 (piTBS vs. sham, -41.1% vs.-18.9%, p=0.004). Regarding the influence of different BDNF genotypes on antidepressant efficacy in each intervention, only HF-rTMS exhibited significantly different degrees of %HDRS-17 changes between Val homozygotes and Met carriers (-68.5% vs. -26.4%, p=0.012, respectively), but piTBS delivered the consistent efficacy regardless of the BDNF polymorphism. Conclusions: This is the first study to confirm the different impacts of BDNF genotypes on the effect of different left-sided prefrontal brain stimulation. BDNF Val66Met polymorphism may play a role in the antidepressant response of piTBS and HF-rTMS. (Trial Registration Number UMIN-CTR:UMIN000020892: Registration date: Feb.4, 2016)
Dependence of Working Memory on Coordinated Activity Across Brain Areas$$$ Neural signatures of working memory (WM) have been reported in numerous brain areas, suggesting a distributed neural substrate for memory maintenance. In the current manuscript we provide an updated review of the literature focusing on intracranial neurophysiological recordings during WM in primates. Such signatures of WM include changes in firing rate or local oscillatory power within an area, along with measures of coordinated activity between areas based on synchronization between oscillations. In comparing the ability of various neural signatures in any brain area to predict behavioral performance, we observe that synchrony between areas is more frequently and robustly correlated with WM performance than any of the within-area neural signatures. We further review the evidence for alteration of inter-areal synchrony in brain disorders, consistent with an important role for such synchrony during behavior. Additionally, results of causal studies indicate that manipulating synchrony across areas is especially effective at influencing WM task performance. Each of these lines of research supports the critical role of inter-areal synchrony in WM. Finally, we propose a framework for interactions between prefrontal and sensory areas during WM, incorporating a range of experimental findings and offering an explanation for the observed link between intra-areal measures and WM performance.
Effects of Acceptance and Commitment Therapy and Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Obsessive–Compulsive Disorder$$$ Objective: This study aims to explore the difference of clinical efficacy and psychological flexibility of sertraline hydrochloride combined with acceptance and commitment therapy (ACT) or repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD). Materials and Methods: Sixty-three inpatients diagnosed with OCD were randomly divided into ACT group (N = 32) and rTMS group (N = 31), both of which were combined with sertraline hydrochloride. The following assessments were completed by the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA), Yale–Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS), Symptom Checklist 90 (SCL-90), Acceptance and Action Questionnaire (AAQ-II), and Cognitive Fusion Questionnaire (CFQ) during pretreatment, 4 weeks posttreatment, and 8-week follow-up. Results: After treatment: (1) the SCL-90 score of two groups significantly decreased from pretreatment to 8-week follow-up (P < 0.01 and P < 0.001); (2) The HAMA, HAMD, and Y-BOCS scores of the two groups significantly decreased from pretreatment to 8-week follow-up (P < 0.001 and P < 0.05); (3) No statistically significant difference of the SCL-90, HAMA, HAMD and Y-BOCS between two groups; (4) The AAQ-II and CFQ scores of the ACT group significantly decreased from 4 weeks posttreatment to 8-week follow-up (P < 0.01). However, no statistically significant difference was observed in the rTMS group (P > 0.05). Conclusions: Overall, our study suggested that sertraline hydrochloride combined with ACT or rTMS can improve the obsessive–compulsive symptoms, anxiety, and depression and has equivalent efficacy. Moreover, ACT can more effectively and durably improve the psychological flexibility of patients compared with rTMS.
N-of-1 Trials in Neurology A Systematic Review$$$ Background and Objectives To perform a systematic review of published N-of-1 trials (e.g., single patient crossover trials) in neurologic disorders, including an assessment of methodologic quality and reporting. Methods We searched PubMed, MEDLINE, and Embase from inception date to the December 1, 2019, for reports on N-of-1 trials in neurologic disorders. Basic trial information on design, disease, intervention, analysis, and treatment success was extracted. Strengths and weaknesses of the N-of-1 trials were assessed with the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials extension for N-of-1 trials (CENT) 2015 criteria checklist and the Jadad score as measures of quality and reporting. Results We retrieved 40 reports of N-of-1 trials in neurologic disorders (19 individual N-of-1 trials, 21 series of N-of-1 trials). Most N-of-1 trials were performed in neuromuscular and neurodegenerative/movement disorders. Unlike the majority of trials that studied the main symptom(s) of a chronic stable condition, 9 N-of-1 trials studied a stable chronic symptom of a progressive or acute neurologic disorder. Besides pharmacologic interventions, electric stimulation protocols and nutritional products were studied. A mean total CENT score of 20.88 (SD 9.10, range 0–43) and mean total Jadad score of 2.90 (SD 2.15, range 0–5) were found as methodologic measures of quality and reporting across all N-of-1 trials. Discussion N-of-1 trials have been reported in numerous neurologic disorders, not only in chronic stable disorders, but also in progressive or acute disorders with a stable symptom. This indicates the emerging therapeutic area of N-of-1 trials in neurology. Methodologic quality and reporting of N-of-1 trials were found to be suboptimal and can easily be improved in future trials by appropriately describing the methods of blinding and randomization and following CENT guidelines. Because most N-of-1 trials remain unreported in medical literature, this systematic review probably represents only the tip of the iceberg of conducted N-of-1 trials in neurologic disorders. In addition to conventional trial designs, N-of-1 trials can help to bridge the gap between research and clinical care by providing an alternative, personalized level 1 evidence base for suitable treatments.
High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Over the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Shortly Alleviates Fatigue in Patients With Multiple System Atrophy: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Fatigue is a common symptom in patients with Multiple system atrophy (MSA), but effective treatments remain elusive. The present study aims to investigate whether high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) could relieve fatigue in patients with MSA. Methods: This is a single-center, randomized and double-blind trial. Twenty-two patients with MSA and fatigue were randomly allocated to receive 10 sessions of either active (N = 11) or sham (N = 11) 10 Hz rTMS over the left DLPFC. The participants were assessed at baseline (T0), after the last session of treatment (T1), and at 2-week (T2), and 4-week (T3) follow-up timepoints. The primary outcomes were Fatigue Severity Scale-9 (FSS-9) scores, with Unified Multiple System Atrophy Rating Scale (UMSARS), 17-item Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD-17), and Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) as secondary outcomes. Results: Two-way repeated ANOVAs revealed significant group × time interactions for FSS-9 scores (p < 0.001), HAMD-17 scores (p = 0.01), HAMA scores (p = 0.01), and UMRSA part II (p = 0.05). Post-hoc analyses showed that compared to T0, the active group exhibited remarkable improvements in FSS-9 and UMRSA part II scores at T1 and T2, but not at T3, and also in HAMD-17 and HAMA scores at T1, T2, and T3. No significant improvement was found in the sham group. Conclusion: High-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC could provide short-term improvements for alleviating fatigue in patients with MSA, but the beneficial effects last no more than 4 weeks.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Depression, Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder, and Suicidal Ideation in Military Populations: A Scholarly Review$$$ INTRODUCTION: Military mental health conditions, such as depression, PTSD, and suicidal ideation, are currently understudied and undertreated. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is currently being considered as a treatment for these conditions; however, there exists a paucity of research in this area. This scholarly review will examine the limitations of the existing literature on the use of rTMS to treat depression, PTSD, and suicidal ideation in service members (SMs) and veterans. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Publications that evaluated rTMS for the treatment of depression, PTSD, or suicidal ideation in military samples were identified via a PubMed search. Non-interventional rTMS studies, studies where the sample could not be confirmed to be primarily composed of SMs or veteran participants, studies without psychiatric outcome measures, and studies not published in a peer-reviewed journal were excluded from this review. RESULTS: This literature search identified 20 total publications (eight primary analyses of randomized controlled trials (RCTs), one longitudinal analysis of an RCT, five open label trials, and six retrospective analyses of clinical data), inclusive of 879 participants. Eighteen studies utilized a protocol targeting the prefrontal cortex (PFC), and one of these also targeted the supplementary motor area (SMA) with the PFC (one study did not specify the stimulation site). Eight studies applied standard 10 Hz frequency stimulation, and four applied standard 1 Hz frequency stimulation. The remainder of studies applied alternative stimulation protocols including 5 Hz (two studies), 20 Hz (one study), a combination of 1 and 10 Hz (two studies), and theta burst stimulation (TBS) (two studies). Twelve studies reported significant results, including four RCTs, three open label studies, and five retrospective analyses. CONCLUSIONS: rTMS offers a promising area of research for mental health conditions in military populations. However, the number of studies that focus specifically on this population are few in number and have many notable limitations. Further research is needed to validate the effectiveness of this tool for SMs and veterans.
Artificial food coloring affects EEG power and ADHD symptoms in college students with ADHD: a pilot study$$$ Objectives: Removing artificial food coloring (AFC) is a common dietary intervention for children with Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD), but has not been tested in young adults. This pilot study examined the effects of AFC on ADHD symptoms and electroencephalography (EEG) in college students with and without ADHD. Methods: At baseline, control and ADHD participants completed the Adult ADHD Self-Report Scale (ASRS), simple and complex attention measures, and resting-state EEG recordings. ADHD participants (n = 18) and a subset of controls (extended control group or EC, n = 11) avoided AFC in their diet for 2 weeks and then were randomized to a double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover challenge. Subjects received either 225 mg AFC disguised in chocolate cookies or placebo chocolate cookies for 3 days each week, with testing on the third day each week. Baseline comparisons were made using Student’s t-test or Wilcoxon rank sum tests and challenge period analyses were run using General Linear Modeling. Results: The ADHD group had significantly greater scores on the ASRS (p < 0.001), confirming a symptom differential between groups; however, there were no differences in attentional measures or EEG at baseline. The AFC challenge resulted in an increase in posterior mean gamma power (p = 0.05), a decrease in posterior relative alpha power (p = 0.04), and a marginal increase in inattentive symptoms (p = 0.08) in the ADHD group. There were no effects of AFC in the EC group. Discussion: This study indicates that AFC exposure may affect brainwave activity and ADHD symptoms in college students with ADHD. Larger studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over the Prefrontal Cortex in Depression Modulates Cortical Excitability in Emotion Regulation Regions as Measured by Concurrent Functional Magnetic Resonance Imaging: An Exploratory Study$$$ Background: A well-established impaired top-down network for effortful emotion regulation (ER) in major depressive disorder (MDD) includes the dorsal and ventromedial prefrontal cortex (PFC) and the amygdala. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a noninvasive neuromodulation method that has been used successfully to induce mood changes in MDD. Despite reliable findings, little is known regarding the precise effects of tDCS on cortical excitability in vivo in depression and how such changes relate to ER. Here, we addressed this question by combining—for the first time in a psychiatric sample—tDCS with functional magnetic resonance imaging in a single-blind randomized design. Methods: We applied anodal tDCS over the left PFC (area F3 per the 10/20 system) together with cathodal tDCS over the right PFC (F4) or sham tDCS during functional magnetic resonance imaging in patients with moderate to severe MDD (n = 20) and gender- and age-matched control subjects (n = 20). Participants performed 2 runs of an ER task prior to tDCS and 2 runs of the task during tDCS, which was administered at 1.5 mA with 5-cm × 5-cm electrodes. Results: Whole-brain, region of interest, and connectivity analyses revealed an impaired ER network in patients with MDD prior to stimulation. Active anodal tDCS over the left (with concurrent cathodal stimulation of the right) PFC during reappraisal of negative stimuli upregulated activity in ventromedial PFC, which was predictive of gains in reappraisal performance during stimulation for the patients with MDD. Conclusions: The results of this study offer insights into the mechanisms of action of tDCS and support its potential as a treatment for depression.
A Text Messaging Intervention With Financial Incentive for Adolescents With Type 1 Diabetes$$$ Background: Adolescents with type 1 diabetes (T1D) have higher hemoglobin A1C (HbA1c) levels than others. In general, adolescents engage with text messaging (TM) and financial incentives, both associated with improved diabetes outcomes. This study aimed to assess the impact of a TM intervention with financial incentives on self-care behaviors and HbA1c. Methods: A six-month randomized controlled trial compared MyDiaText™, a TM education and support application, with standard care. The sample included 166 teens with T1D, 12-18 years old, attending a diabetes clinic. The intervention group received one daily TM and were instructed to respond. Participants who responded to TMs for the most consecutive days were eligible for a financial reward biweekly via lottery. All participants received prompts to complete the self-care inventory (SCI) at baseline, 90, and 180 days. HbA1c was collected at clinic visits. Changes in SCI and HbA1c were analyzed using a multilevel mixed-effects linear regression model. Intention-to-treat and per-protocol analyses were performed. Results: The median TM response rate was 59% (interquartile range 40.1%-85.2%) and decreased over time. After adjustment for baseline characteristics, in per-protocol analysis, there was a statistically significant difference in SCI score increase in those receiving one TM per day vs control (P =.035). HbA1c decreased overall, without significant difference between groups (P =.786). Conclusions: A TM intervention with financial incentives for adolescents with T1D in suboptimal control was associated with increasing self-care report; however, glycemic control did not differ from controls. Further research is needed to develop digital health interventions that will impact glycemic control.
Neurosurgery and neuromodulation for anorexia nervosa in the 21st century: a systematic review of treatment outcomes$$$ As current psychosocial and pharmacological interventions show limited efficacy in the treatment of anorexia nervosa (AN), interest in the potential value of neurosurgical intervention and neuromodulation in managing severe and enduring illness has grown. We conducted a systematic review of 20 trials of neurosurgical and neuromodulatory treatments for AN, including neurosurgical ablation, deep brain stimulation (DBS), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Overall, there is evidence to support the role of stereotactic ablation and DBS in the treatment of AN. In contrast, results for rTMS and tDCS have been modest and generally more mixed. Neurosurgical treatment may offer important new avenues for the treatment of AN. Additional randomized clinical trials with comparable patient populations will be needed, in which change in affective, cognitive, and perceptual symptom phenomena, and interrogation of targeted circuits, pre- and post-intervention, are carefully documented.
Deep brain stimulation of the “medial forebrain bundle”: a strategy to modulate the reward system and manage treatment-resistant depression$$$ The medial forebrain bundle—a white matter pathway projecting from the ventral tegmental area—is a structure that has been under a lot of scrutinies recently due to its implications in the modulation of certain affective disorders such as major depression. In the following, we will discuss major depression in the context of being a disorder dependent on multiple relevant networks, the pathological performance of which is responsible for the manifestation of various symptoms of the disease which extend into emotional, motivational, physiological, and also cognitive domains of daily living. We will focus on the reward system, an evolutionarily conserved pathway whose underperformance leads to anhedonia and lack of motivation, which are key traits in depression. In the field of deep brain stimulation (DBS), different “hypothesis-driven” targets have been chosen as the subject of clinical trials on efficacy in the treatment-resistant depressed patient. The “medial forebrain bundle” is one such target for DBS, and has had remarkably rapid success in alleviating depressive symptoms, improving anhedonia and motivation. We will review what we have learned from pre-clinical animal studies on defining this white matter tract, its connectivity, and the complex molecular (i.e., neurotransmitter) mechanisms by which its modulation exerts its effects. Imaging studies in the form of tractographic depictions have elucidated its presence in the human brain. Such has led to ongoing clinical trials of DBS targeting this pathway to assess efficacy, which is promising yet still lack in sufficient numbers. Ultimately, one must confirm the mechanism of action and validate proof of antidepressant effect in order to have such treatment become mainstream, to promote widespread improvement in the quality of life of suffering patients.
Longitudinal Neurocognitive Effects of Combined Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) and Pharmacotherapy in Major Depressive Disorder in Older Adults: Phase 2 of the PRIDE Study$$$ Objective: There is limited information regarding neurocognitive outcomes of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse width electroconvulsive therapy (RUL-UB ECT) combined with pharmacotherapy in older adults with major depressive disorder. We report longitudinal neurocognitive outcomes from Phase 2 of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study. Method: After achieving remission with RUL-UB ECT and venlafaxine, older adults (≥60 years old) were randomized to receive symptom-titrated, algorithm-based longitudinal ECT (STABLE) plus pharmacotherapy (venlafaxine and lithium) or pharmacotherapy-only. A comprehensive neuropsychological battery was administered at baseline and throughout the 6-month treatment period. Statistical significance was defined as a p-value of less than 0.05 (two-sided test). Results: With the exception of processing speed, there was statistically significant improvement across most neurocognitive measures from baseline to 6-month follow-up. There were no significant differences between the two treatment groups at 6 months on measures of psychomotor processing speed, autobiographical memory consistency, short-term and long-term verbal memory, phonemic fluency, inhibition, and complex visual scanning and cognitive flexibility. Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first report of neurocognitive outcomes over a 6-month period of an acute course of RUL-UB ECT followed by one of 2 strategies to prolong remission in older adults with major depression. Neurocognitive outcome did not differ between STABLE plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone over the 6-month continuation treatment phase. These findings support the safety of RUL-UB ECT in combination with pharmacotherapy in the prolonging of remission in late-life depression.
Validity of diagnoses, treatment dates, and rating scales in the Swedish national quality register for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: The Swedish national quality register for electroconvulsive therapy (Q-ECT) contains data on patients receiving treatment with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in Sweden. Aim: This study determined the validity of diagnoses, treatment dates, and rating scales in the Q-ECT by investigating the degree of accordance between data from the Q-ECT and patient records. Materials and methods: From January 2016 to December 2017, 200 treatment series were randomly selected from the Q-ECT. The corresponding patient records were requested from the treating hospitals. Data on the indicative diagnosis, dates for the first and the last ECT session, and rating scales were compared between the Q-ECT and patient records using (i) a strict and (ii) a liberal method of assessment. Using the liberal method, each variable was assessed as accordant if it belonged to the same diagnosis group, or if the dates differed by less than 1 week, or ratings differed by only 1 point on the Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI- S), or no more than 3 points on the Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale between the Q-ECT and the patient record. Results: A total of 179 patient records were received. The strict method of assessment showed an accordance of 89% or higher for all studied variables. The liberal method showed an accordance of 95% or higher. Conclusions: We conclude that data on the studied variables in the Q-ECT have high validity. However, limited use of some rating scales makes the results uncertain. Measures can be taken to further improve the data quality.
Treatment of difficult-to-treat depression–clinical guideline for selected interventions$$$ Background: Difficult-to-treat-depression (DTD) is a clinical challenge. The interventions that are well-established for DTD are not suitable or effective for all the patients. Therefore, more treatment options are highly warranted. We formulated an evidence-based guideline concerning six interventions not well-established for DTD in Denmark. Methods: Selected review questions were formulated according to the PICO principle with specific definitions of the patient population (P), the intervention (I), the comparison (C), and the outcomes of interest (O), and systematic literature searches were performed stepwise for each review question to identify relevant systematic reviews/meta-analyses, and randomized controlled trials. The Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) system was used to assess the methodological quality of the included studies. Clinical recommendations were formulated based on the evidence, the risk-benefit ratio, and perceived patient preferences. Results: We found sufficient evidence for a weak recommendation of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and cognitive behavioural analysis system of psychotherapy (CBASP). The use of bright light therapy in DTD was not sufficiently supported by the evidence, but should be considered as good clinical practice. The interventions should be considered in addition to ongoing antidepressant treatment. We did not find sufficient evidence to recommend intravenous ketamine/esketamine, rumination-focused psychotherapy, or cognitive remediation to patients with DTD. Conclusion: The evidence supported two of the six reviewed interventions, however it was generally weak which emphasizes the need for more good quality studies. This guideline does not cover all treatment options and should be regarded as a supplement to relevant DTD-guidelines.
Transcranial direct current stimulation targeting the medial prefrontal cortex modulates functional connectivity and enhances safety learning in obsessive-compulsive disorder: Results from two pilot studies$$$ Background: Exposed-based psychotherapy is a mainstay of treatment for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and anxious psychopathology. The medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) and the default mode network (DMN), which is anchored by the mPFC, promote safety learning. Neuromodulation targeting the mPFC might augment therapeutic safety learning and enhance response to exposure-based therapies. Methods: To characterize the effects of mPFC neuromodulation on functional connectivity, 17 community volunteers completed resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging scans before and after 20 min of frontopolar anodal multifocal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). To examine the effects of tDCS on therapeutic safety learning, 24 patients with OCD completed a pilot randomized clinical trial; they were randomly assigned (double-blind, 50:50) to receive active or sham frontopolar tDCS before completing an in vivo exposure and response prevention (ERP) challenge. Changes in subjective emotional distress during the ERP challenge were used to index therapeutic safety learning. Results: In community volunteers, frontal pole functional connectivity with the middle and superior frontal gyri increased, while connectivity with the anterior insula and basal ganglia decreased (ps <.001, corrected) after tDCS; functional connectivity between DMN and salience network also decreased after tDCS (ps <.001, corrected). OCD patients who received active tDCS exhibited more rapid therapeutic safety learning (ps <.05) during the ERP challenge than patients who received sham tDCS. Conclusions: Frontopolar tDCS may modulate mPFC and DMN functional connectivity and can accelerate therapeutic safety learning. Though limited by small samples, these findings motivate further exploration of the effects of frontopolar tDCS on neural and behavioral targets associated with exposure-based psychotherapies.
Updated efficacy of adjuvant epirubicin plus cyclophosphamide followed by taxanes versus carboplatin plus taxanes in early triple-negative breast cancer in phase 2 trial: 8.1-year median follow-up$$$ Background: Paclitaxel/docetaxel after doxorubicin plus cyclophosphamide (ECT) is considered as an adjuvant chemotherapy and improves the survival of early triple-negative breast cancer (TNBC) patients. We aim to assess whether carboplatin plus taxanes (TP) is non-inferior to ECT in prolonging the survival time. Methods: TNBC patients were randomized (1:1) to receive ECT (90 mg/m2 epirubicin + 600 mg/m2 cyclophosphamide followed by 75 mg/m2 docetaxel or 175 mg/m2 paclitaxel every 3 weeks, n = 154) or TP (75 mg/m2 docetaxel or 175 mg/m2 paclitaxel + carboplatin AUC 5 every 3 weeks, n = 154). These expression of SPARC, PD-L1, and BRCA were studied. Patients were followed up for disease-free survival (DFS), overall survival (OS), and safety. Results: We recruited 308 TNBC patients (median follow-up of 97.6 months). The median DFS and OS were not reached; the 8-year DFS rate of ECT and TP arms was 78.4% and 81.7%, respectively, while the 8-year OS rate were 87.2% and 89.1%, respectively. In the SPARC (> 50%) subgroup analysis, the TP arm had longer DFS (P = 0.049) and a tendency with better OS (P = 0.06) than ECT arm. No significant differences were observed in the DFS and OS between the ECT arm and TP arm in TNBC with SPARC (≤ 50%), PD-L1 (−) PD-L1 (+), and BRCA mutation or BRCA wild (all P values > 0.05). Conclusion: TP showed non-inferiority for DFS and OS compared with ECT in early TNBC. TP may be an effective alternative chemotherapy for TNBC patients whom the standard ECT regimen is not being used. Trail Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01150513
A systematic review and meta‐analysis of maintenance treatment for psychotic depression$$$ Purpose: To perform a systematic review on the use of maintenance treatment to prevent relapse and recurrence in patients with psychotic unipolar or bipolar depression. Methods: We conducted an electronic search in December 2019 (and an updated search in July 2021) of four databases (PubMed, Embase, PsycINFO, and Cochrane) to identify controlled studies comparing the relapse rates of patients receiving maintenance treatment for psychotic unipolar depression and psychotic bipolar depression. A meta-analysis was made that included three studies comparing antidepressant (AD) and antipsychotic (AP) combination therapy with AD monotherapy. We used the GRADE tool to assess the quality of evidence. Results: We included five randomized controlled trials fulfilling the inclusion criteria, making three comparisons: (a) AD + AP versus AD monotherapy; (b) AD + AP versus AP monotherapy; (c) AD + electroconvulsive therapy versus AD monotherapy. The included studies only examined patients with psychotic unipolar depression. The largest included study reported a statistically significant advantage of AD + AP compared with AD monotherapy. We made a meta-analysis of the three studies comparing AD + AP combination therapy with AD monotherapy, which included 195 patients and 56 events. The meta-analysis did not show a statistically significant difference between these treatments. Conclusions: Contrary to the finding of the largest study, we did not find a statistically significant difference between AD + AP combination therapy and AD monotherapy in the meta-analysis. There is insufficient evidence to support the superiority of any treatment modality as maintenance treatment for psychotic depression. Further studies are required.
What is the role of placebo in neurotherapeutics?$$$ Introduction: The widespread use of the word ‘placebo’ in the medical literature emphasizes the importance of this phenomenon in modern biomedical sciences. Neuroscientific research over the past thirty years shows that placebo effects are genuine psychobiological events attributable to the overall therapeutic context, and can be robust in both laboratory and clinical settings. Areas covered: Here the authors describe the biological mechanisms and the clinical implications of placebo effects with particular emphasis on neurology and psychiatry, for example in pain, movement disorders, depression. In these conditions, a number of endogenous systems have been identified, such as endogenous opioids, endocannabinoids, and dopamine, which contribute to the placebo-induced benefit. Expert opinion: Every effort should be made to maximize the placebo effect and reduce its evil twin, the nocebo effect, in medical practice. This does not require the administration of a placebo, but rather the enhancement of the effects of pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatments through a good doctor–patient interaction.
Systematic review of preservation TMS that includes continuation, maintenance, relapse-prevention, and rescue TMS$$$ Background: A dearth of evidence-based information exists to guide the delivery of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) after a successful acute course of treatment for Major Depressive Disorder. Methods: To provide guidance for clinicians, existing literature focused on “preservation TMS” was systematically reviewed and synthesized. Preservation TMS was defined as TMS used to sustain a clinical response after a successful acute course of treatment and included reports using the terms maintenance, continuation, relapse prevention, or rescue TMS. The review protocol was registered on Open Science Framework and reported following PRISMA guidelines. Data were abstracted by two authors and discrepancies were resolved by a third author. Primary outcome measures focused on clinical efficacy. The evaluated studies were graded using the Levels of Evidence criteria published by the Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine. Results: The search included 536 abstracts and 16 additional papers, from which 63 full articles were screened. Data were abstracted from 30 qualifying sources (N=1,494) including 4 randomized controlled trials (one sham controlled), 14 open trials, and 12 case series. Overall, the quality of existing literature was low regarding efficacy but provided clear support for effectiveness and safety across a range of preservation TMS protocols based on mostly uncontrolled studies. Conclusions: Existing literature suggests that preservation TMS protocols significantly vary and are mostly supported by open trials and case series. Due to a lack of effective alternatives, preservation TMS will likely be required for certain patients who respond to acute TMS therapy. More studies of preservation TMS are critically needed.
Neuromodulation approaches for borderline personality disorder$$$ Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a complex and serious mental disorder that has a high suicide rate. There is emerging evidence for the use of nonconvulsive neurostimulation therapies, including transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), repetitive TMS (rTMS), and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in controlling some of the characteristic symptoms. Here the authors summarise the current evidence for the efficacy and tolerability of TMS, rTMS and tDCS in managing symptoms of BPD.
Randomized trial of rTMS in traumatic brain injury: improved subjective neurobehavioral symptoms and increases in EEG delta activity$$$ Primary Objective: While repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown efficacy for cognitive difficulties accompanying depression, it is unknown if it can improve cognition in persons with traumatic brain injury. Research Design: Using a sham-controlled crossover design, we tested the capacity of high frequency rTMS of the prefrontal cortex to improve neuropsychological performance in attention, learning and memory, and executive function. Methods: Twenty-six participants with cognitive complaints and a history of mild-to-moderate traumatic brain injury were randomly assigned to receive first either active or sham 10 Hz stimulation for 20 minutes (1200 pulses) per session for five consecutive days. After a one-week washout, the other condition (active or sham) was applied. Pre- and post-treatment measures included neuropsychological tests, cognitive and emotional symptoms, and EEG. Main Outcomes and Results: Results indicated no effect of treatment on cognitive function. Subjective measures of depression, sleep dysfunction, post-concussive symptoms (PCS), and executive function showed significant improvement with stimulation, retaining improved levels at two-week follow-up. EEG delta power exhibited elevation one week after stimulation cessation. Conclusions: While there is no indication that rTMS is beneficial for neuropsychological performance, it may improve PCS and subjective cognitive dysfunction. Long-term alterations in cortical oscillations may underlie the therapeutic effects of rTMS.
Effect of modified electroconvulsive therapy on neuro metabolites and magnetic resonance spectroscopy imaging signals in patients with refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Objective: This study was aimed to investigate the effect of modified electroconvulsive therapy (MECT) on neurometabolites and magnetic resonance spectroscopy imaging (MRSI) signals in patients with refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Methods: From January 2018 to January 2020, 64 patients with OCD consecutively treated in the Psychiatric Department of our hospital were randomly divided into a study group treated with MECT and a control group treated with drugs alone. The obsessive-compulsive state, anxiety and depression, MRSI signals, neuro metabolite ratio, and quality of life were all observed in both groups. Results: After treatment, the scores of compulsive behaviors, obsessive thoughts, Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA), and Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) in the study group were lower than those of the control group. The N-acetylaspartate to creatine ratio (NAA/Cr) value was increased in the study group while it was decreased in the control group. In addition, the choline/creatine (Cho/Cr) ratio was decreased in the study group, whereas it was increased in the control group (P < 0.05). Compared to the control group, the study group's social and physiological functions, role limitations, and overall health scores were significantly higher. The amplitudes of low-frequency fluctuations were reduced considerably following MECT treatment in the right anterior cerebellar lobe, left inferior parietal lobule, right paracentral lobule, and right precentral gyrus. Conclusions: MECT can effectively relieve obsessive-compulsive symptoms, regulate neuro metabolite levels, improve quality of life, reduce anxiety and depression, and is linked to changes in right brain functional activities.
Non-Invasive Transcutaneous Vagus Nerve Stimulation for the Treatment of Fibromyalgia Symptoms: A Study Protocol$$$ Stimulation of the vagus nerve, a parasympathetic nerve that controls the neuro-digestive, vascular, and immune systems, induces pain relief, particularly in clinical conditions such as headache and rheumatoid arthritis. Transmission through vagal afferents towards the nucleus of the solitary tract (NST), the central relay nucleus of the vagus nerve, has been proposed as the main physiological mechanism that reduces pain intensity after vagal stimulation. Chronic pain symptoms of fibromyalgia patients might benefit from stimulation of the vagus nerve via normalization of altered autonomic and immune systems causing their respective symptoms. However, multi-session non-invasive vagal stimulation effects on fibromyalgia have not been evaluated in randomized clinical trials. We propose a parallel group, sham-controlled, randomized study to modulate the sympathetic–vagal balance and pain intensity in fibromyalgia patients by application of non-invasive transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation (tVNS) over the vagal auricular and cervical branches. We will recruit 136 fibromyalgia patients with chronic moderate to high pain intensity. The primary outcome measure will be pain intensity, and secondary measures will be fatigue, health-related quality of life, sleep disorders, and depression. Heart rate variability and pro-inflammatory cytokine levels will be obtained as secondary physiological measures. We hypothesize that multiple tVNS sessions (five per week, for 4 weeks) will reduce pain intensity and improve quality of life as a result of normalization of the vagal control of nociception and immune–autonomic functions. Since both vagal branches project to the NST, we do not predict significantly different results between the two stimulation protocols.
Accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation broadly ameliorates symptoms and cognition in Alzheimer's disease: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Deficits in associative memory (AM) are the earliest and most prominent feature of Alzheimer's disease (AD) and demonstrate a clear cause of distress for patients and their families. Objective: The present study aimed to determine AM enhancements following accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) in patients with AD. Methods: In a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled design, iTBS was administered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) of patients with AD for 14 days. Measurements included AM (primary outcome) and a comprehensive neuropsychological battery. Patients were evaluated at baseline, following the intervention (week 2), and 8 weeks after treatment cessation (week 10). Results: Sixty patients with AD were initially enrolled; 47 completed the trial. The active group displayed greater AM improvements compared with the sham group at week 2 (P = 0.003), which was sustained at week 10. Furthermore, higher Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) scores at baseline were associated with greater AM improvements at weeks 2 and 10. For the independent iTBS group, this correlation predicted improvements in AM (P < 0.001) and identified treatment responders with 92% accuracy. Most of the neuropsychological tests were markedly improved in the active group. In particular, the Montreal Cognitive Assessment and MMSE in the active group increased by 2.8 and 2.3 points, respectively, at week 2, while there was no marked change in the sham group. Conclusion: In the present study, accelerated iTBS of the DLPFC demonstrated an effective and well-tolerated complementary treatment for patients with AD, especially for individuals with relatively high MMSE scores.
Anatomical and fMRI-network comparison of multiple DLPFC targeting strategies for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of depression$$$ Background: The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for depression may vary depending on the subregion stimulated within the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Clinical TMS typically uses scalp-based landmarks for DLPFC targeting, rather than individualized MRI guidance. Objective: In rTMS patients, determine the brain systems targeted by multiple DLPFC stimulation rules by computing several surrogate measures: underlying brain targets labeled with connectivity-based atlases, subgenual cingulate anticorrelation strength, and functionally connected networks. Methods: Forty-nine patients in a randomized controlled trial of rTMS therapy for treatment resistant major depression underwent structural and functional MRI. DLPFC rules were applied virtually using MR-image guidance. Underlying cortical regions were labeled, and connectivity with the subgenual cingulate and whole-brain computed. Results: Scalp-targeting rules applied post hoc to these MRIs that adjusted for head size, including Beam F3, were comparably precise, successful in directly targeting classical DLPFC and frontal networks, and anticorrelated with the subgenual cingulate. In contrast, all rules involving fixed distances introduced variability in regions and networks targeted. The 5 cm rule targeted a transitional DLPFC region with a different connectivity profile from the adjusted rules. Seed-based connectivity analyses identified multiple regions, such as posterior cingulate and inferior parietal lobe, that warrant further study in order to understand their potential contribution to clinical response. Conclusion: EEG-based rules consistently targeted DLPFC brain regions with resting-state fMRI features known to be associated with depression response. These results provide a bridge from lab to clinic by enabling clinicians to relate scalp-targeting rules to functionally connected brain systems.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for sleep disorders in Alzheimer's disease: A double-blind, randomized, and sham-controlled pilot study$$$ Background: Sleep disorders are commonly comorbid with Alzheimer's disease (AD), And these disorders interfere with each other in many aspects. To date, pharmacological treatments for sleep disorders are still limited, and studies investigating repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for sleep disorders in AD are still lacking. Method: A single-center, randomized, double-blind, parallel-arm, and sham-controlled pilot study was conducted in AD patients with sleep disorders. Seventy subjects were randomly divided into the following two groups: the sham group (SG) and the intervention group (IG). We evaluated sleep changes using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) before and after the intervention. We also assessed the patients' cognitive function by the Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive section (ADAS-Cog). The intervention period was four weeks, and the patients were followed up in the 8th week to test the persistence of the effect of the rTMS intervention. Result: Significant differences in the PSQI scores were found between the SG and IG at the end of the 4-week intervention (P = 0.001) and the 8-week follow-up (P < 0.001). There was also significant improvement in ADAS-Cog scores (4 weeks: P = 0.048, 8 weeks: P = 0.038). Activities of daily living (ADL) did not significantly differ between the SG and IG. Conclusion: rTMS can effectively ameliorate sleep disorders in AD patients.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex eliminates creativity impairment induced by acute stress$$$ The creativity impairment under acute stress may be closely related to the down-regulation of the prefrontal cortex function caused by stress-related neurotransmitters and hormones. In the current study, we explored whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) eliminated stress-induced creativity impairment and the potential mechanism from the perspective of stress response recovery. Seventy participants were randomly allocated to a group undergoing the activation of right DLPFC and the deactivation of left DLPFC (R+L−; N = 35), and a group of sham stimulation (sham; N = 35). Participants received tDCS after the stress induction, and then completed the Alternative Uses Task (AUT) and the Remote Association Task (RAT) during the stimulation. The stress response was indicated using heart rate, cortisol, and emotion changes. Results showed that R+L− stimulation facilitated the recovery of anxious state compared to sham stimulation. We also found that the decreased value of AUT scores after stress in the R+L− group was significantly lower than that in the sham group. Moreover, further analysis revealed state anxiety mediated the effect of tDCS on the flexibility component of the AUT. We concluded that bilateral tDCS over the DLPFC is efficient in alleviating stress-induced creativity impairment, which may correlate with greater recovery of state anxiety. Our findings provide causal evidence for the neurophysiological mechanisms by which stress affects creativity, as well as clinical suggestions for stress-related psychiatric disorders prevention and intervention.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Reduces Anxiety, Depression and Plasmatic Corticosterone in a Rat Model of Atypical Generalized Epilepsy$$$ Affective disorders (i.e. anxiety and depression) are commonly observed in patients with epilepsy and induce seizure aggravation. Animal models of epilepsy that exhibit affective disorder features are essential in developing new neuromodulatory treatments. GEAS-W rats (Generalized Epilepsy with Absence Seizures, Wistar background) are an inbred model of generalized epilepsy showing spontaneous spike-wave discharges concomitant with immobility. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a safe non-invasive neuromodulatory therapy used to modulate dysfunctional circuitries frequently and successfully applied in affective disorders for symptom alleviation. Here we investigated anxiolytic and antidepressant effects of tDCS in GEAS-W rats and the role of corticosterone as a possible mechanism of action. GEAS-W and Wistar rats were randomly divided into control, sham-tDCS and active-tDCS groups. Both tDCS groups received 15 sessions of sham or active-tDCS (1 mA, cathode). Behavioural tests included the Open Field and Forced Swimming tests followed by corticosterone analysis. We observed a main effect of treatment and a significant treatment by strain interaction on anxiety-like and depressive-like behaviours, with active-tDCS GEAS-W rats entering the center of the open field more often and showing less immobility in the forced swimming test. Furthermore, there was a main effect of treatment on corticosterone with active-tDCS animals showing marked reduction in plasmatic levels. This study described preclinical evidence to support tDCS treatment of affective disorders in epilepsy and highlights corticosterone as a possible mechanism of action.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on neuropathic pain: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Neuropathic pain (NP) is a chronic pain condition caused by lesion or disease of the somatosensory nervous system. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a neuroregulatory tool that uses pulsed magnetic fields to modulate the cerebral cortex. This review aimed to ascertain the therapeutic effect of rTMS on NP and potential factors regulating the therapeutic effect of rTMS. Database search included Web of Science, Embase, Pubmed, and Cochrane Library from inception to July 2021. Eligible studies included randomized controlled studies of the analgesic effects of rTMS in patients with NP. Thirty-eight studies were included. Random effect analysis showed effect sizes of −0.66 (95 % CI, −0.87 to −0.46), indicating that real rTMS was better than sham condition in reducing pain (P < 0.001). This comprehensive review indicated that stimulation frequency, intervention site, and location of lesion were important factors affecting the therapeutic effect. The findings of this study may guide clinical decisions and future research.
Low-dose ketamine does not improve the speed of recovery from depression in electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a well-established therapeutic intervention for major depressive disorder. Recent literature has shown that the anesthetic agent ketamine has some antidepressant properties at low doses and may be an alternative therapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder. We hypothesized that the use of low-dose ketamine as an anesthetic adjunct in ECT would more rapidly improve depression while maintaining hemodynamic stability than ECT with propofol alone. Methods: Institutional ethics approval was obtained, and the use of ketamine in this study was approved by Health Canada. This is a randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial that involved ketamine administration at 0.5 mg/kg IV in addition to propofol anesthesia for ECT. The primary outcome was the number of ECT treatments required to achieve a 50% reduction in the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Secondary outcomes included the number of ECT treatments required to achieve a 25% reduction in MADRS score, as well as any differences in the Clinical Global Impression Scale for Severity, hemodynamic variables, and seizure duration. Adverse events were recorded for safety assessment. Results: A total of 45 patients completed the study. No difference was found between groups with respect to the primary or secondary outcomes. The ketamine group showed a trend towards a decreased dose of propofol required to achieve adequate anesthesia. No adverse events were reported. Conclusion: Low-dose ketamine does not improve psychiatric outcomes in the setting of propofol-based anesthesia for ECT. Specifically, ketamine did not reduce the number of ECT sessions necessary to achieve a 50 or 25% reduction in MADRS scores. Reassuringly, the fact that no differences in hemodynamic variables or unexpected adverse events occurred suggests that low-dose ketamine may be safely used in this setting should clinical indications warrant its use.
Individual interregional perfusion between the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation targets and the subgenual anterior cortex predicts response and remission to aiTBS treatment in medication-resistant depression: The influence of behavioral inhibition$$$ Background: Accelerated intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (aiTBS) has been put forward as an effective treatment to alleviate depressive symptoms. Baseline functional connectivity (FC) patterns between the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and the subgenual anterior cortex (sgACC) have gained a lot of attention as a potential biomarker for response. However, arterial spin labeling (ASL) - measuring regional cerebral blood flow - may allow a more straightforward physiological interpretation of such interregional functional connections. Objectives: We investigated whether baseline covariance perfusion connectivity between the individually stimulated left DLPFC targets and sgACC could predict meaningful clinical outcome. Considering that individual characteristics may influence efficacy prediction, all patients were also assessed with the Behavioral Inhibition System/Behavioral Activation System (BIS/BAS) scale. Methods: After baseline ASL scanning, forty-one medication-resistant depressed patients received twenty sessions of neuronavigated left DLPFC aiTBS in an accelerated sham-controlled crossover fashion, where all stimulation sessions were spread over four days (Trial registration: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT01832805). Results: Stronger individual baseline interregional covariance perfusion connectivity patterns predicted response and/or remission. Furthermore, responders and remitters with higher BIS scores displayed stronger baseline interregional perfusion connections. Conclusions: Targeting the left DLPFC with aiTBS based on personal structural imaging data only may not be the most optimal method to enhance meaningful antidepressant responses. Individual baseline interregional perfusion connectivity could be an important added brain imaging method for individual optimization of more valid stimulation targets within the left DLPFC. Additional therapies dealing with behavioral inhibition may be warranted.
Efficacy of Propofol Combined with Etomidate for Major DepressivDisorder with Modified Electroconvulsive Therapy and its Effects on Cognitive Function of Patients$$$ SUMMARY. In this study we investigated the efficacy of propofol combined with etomidate in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) with modified electroconvulsive therapy (MECT) and its effects of on cognitive function of patients. Sixty-six patients were randomly divided into propofol, etomidate and propofol combined with etomidate (propofol+etomidate) groups. The MECT was performed once every other day, for 20 days. At 30 min before MECT, the three groups were given propofol, etomidate and propo-fol plus etomidate, respectively. After treatment, compared with propofol group and etomidate group, in propofol+etomidate group the HAMD-17 scores were significantly decreased (p < 0.05), the MoCA scores were significantly increased (p < 0.05), and the serum MBP and NSE levels were significantly decreased (p < 0.05). In addition, the incidence in propofol+etomidate group was significantly lower than other two groups (p < 0.05). In conclusion, propofol combined with etomidate can enhance the efficacy of MECT for MDD, improve the cognitive function of patients, and reduce the adverse reactions.
A Preliminary Study of Different Treatment Strategies for Anxious Depression$$$ Background: Despite the best treatments, about 20% of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) receiving drugs and psychological intervention show little or no improvement. There is no trial comparing different treatment methods in patients with anxiety/somatic subtype MDD. Aim: To compare the efficacy and safety of various treatments in patients with anxiety/ somatic subtype MDD. Methods: This was a preliminary multicenter randomized controlled trial at eight participating hospitals in China (09/2016-06/2019) (ClinicalTrials.gov #NCT03219008). The patients were randomized to mirtazapine/SNRIs, mirtazapine/SNRIs+cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), mirtazapine+SNRIs, or mirtazapine+SNRIs+physical therapies (modified electrocon-vulsive treatment or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation). The primary endpoint was the 17-item Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD-17). The Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self-Report (QIDS-SR) and Quality of Life (QOL)-6 were the secondary endpoints. The adverse events (AEs) were monitored. The patients were assessed at baseline (0 weeks), and at the end of the 2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th, and 12th week during treatment. Results: Finally, 107 patients were included: mirtazapine/SNRIs (n=36), mirtazapine/SNRIs +CBT (n=28), mirtazapine+SNRIs (n=29), and mirtazapine+SNRIs+physical therapies (n=14). The 17-HDRS and QIDS-SR scores decreased in all four groups, and the QOL-6 scores increased. There were no differences in the 17-HDRS (P=0.099), QIDS-SR (P=0.407), and QOL-6 (P=0.485) scores among the four groups. There were no differences in the occurrence of AEs among the four groups (P=0.942). Conclusion: This preliminary trial suggests that all four interventions (mirtazapine/SNRIs, mirtazapine/SNRIs+CBT, mirtazapine+SNRIs, or mirtazapine+SNRIs+physical therapies) achieved similar response and remission rates in patients with anxiety/somatic subtype MDD. The safety profile was manageable.
POSB288 Efficacy of High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (RTMS) for the Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder after Two Pharmacotherapy Treatment Failure: Meta-Analysis of Randomized Sham Controlled Trials$$$ Objectives: Even though there are several clinical studies that have demonstrated the efficacy of unilateral high-frequency left sided (HFL) rTMS intervention in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), the results of published meta-analysis are contradictory due to the heterogeneity of the included studies. Our aim is to provide an up-to-date synthesis of the evidence regarding the effectiveness of the rTMS technology. Methods: A systematic literature review (SLR) of English-language articles published in the last 10 years was performed from November 2020 on PubMed and Scopus databases according to PRISMA guideline principles. Empirical evidence on the efficacy of rTMS treatment in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) were extracted. To assess the effects of rTMS on response and remission rates we used random-effects model and inverse variance method. While the presence of heterogeneity was assessed using Cochran's Q-statistic and quantified using the I2 statistics. Results: 23 randomized double-blinded sham-controlled studies met the inclusion criteria for quantitative analysis for response (n= 1020 patients) and 12 studies for remission (n= 846 patients). The relative risk for response and remission were 2.47 (95% CI: 1.36-4.48, p=0.000) and 2.59 (95% CI: 1.52-4.41, p=0.000), respectively, in patients after two treatment failures using rTMS as add on treatment compared to standard pharmacotherapy. Cochrane’s Q analysis showed no significant heterogeneity in the combined effect sizes neither for remission studies (pQ=0.013, I2=52.67) nor for response studies (pQ=0.537, I2=0.00%). No publication bias was detected. Conclusions: rTMS is rapidly gaining popularity as a treatment modality for TRD either as a monotherapy or as adjunct with pharmacotherapy, however because of the lack of standardized protocol, a substantial methodological heterogeneity exists. According to our results, unilateral HFL rTMS was significantly more effective than sham rTMS in both outcomes, which is consistent with previous meta-analyses, but the effect size was a bit smaller than what was reported previously.
Frontoparietal paired associative stimulation versus single-site stimulation for generalized anxiety disorder: a pilot rTMS study$$$ Background: At present, the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is limited to single-site interventions. We investigated whether dual-site frontoparietal stimulation delivered using cortical–cortical paired associative stimulation (ccPAS) had stronger clinical efficacy than single-site stimulation in patients with GAD. Methods: We randomized 50 patients with GAD to 1 Hz rTMS (10 sessions) using 1 of the following protocols: single-site stimulation over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC; 1500 pulses per session); single-site stimulation over the right posterior parietal cortex (PPC; 1500 pulses per session); repetitive dual-site ccPAS (rds-ccPAS) over the right dlPFC and right PPC with 1500 pulses per session (rd-ccPAS-1500); or rds-ccPAS over the right dlPFC and right PPC with 750 pulses per session (rd-ccPAS-750). Both rds-ccPAS treatments used a between-site interval of 100 ms. Results: Clinical scores for anxiety, depression and insomnia were reduced in all 4 groups after treatment. We found greater improvements in anxiety symptoms in the rds-ccPAS-1500 group compared to the rds-ccPAS-750 and single-site groups. We found greater improvements in depression symptoms and insomnia in the rds-PAS-1500 group compared to the single-site groups. The rds-ccPAS-1500 group also showed significant or trend-level improvements in anxiety symptoms and insomnia at 10-day and 1-month follow-up. More patients responded to treatment with rds-ccPAS-1500 than with single-site stimulation. The between-group differences in response rates persisted to the 3-month follow-up. Treatment using rds-ccPAS with a between-site interval of 100 ms induced a more significant improvement than the between-site interval of 50 ms we evaluated in a previous study. Limitations: These results need to be replicated in a larger sample using sham control and equal-pulse single-site stimulation. Conclusion: Frontoparietal rds-ccPAS may be a better treatment option for GAD.
Treatment-resistant bipolar depression: concepts and challenges for novel interventions$$$ Treatment-resistant bipolar depression (TRBD) has been reported in about one-quarter of patients with bipolar disorders, and few interventions have shown clear and established effectiveness. We conducted a narrative review of the published medical literature to identify papers discussing treatment-resistant depression concepts and novel interventions for bipolar depression that focus on TRBD. We searched for potentially relevant English-language articles published in the last decade. Selected articles (based on the title and abstract) were retrieved for a more detailed evaluation. A number of promising new interventions, both pharmacological and non-pharmacological, are being investigated for TRBD treatment, including ketamine, lurasidone, D-cycloserine, pioglitazone, N-acetylcysteine, angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors, angiotensin II type 1 receptor blockers, cyclooxygenase 2 inhibitors, magnetic seizure therapy, intermittent theta-burst stimulation, deep transcranial magnetic stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation therapy, and deep brain stimulation. Although there is no consensus about the concept of TRBD, better clarification of the neurobiology associated with treatment non-response could help identify novel strategies. More research is warranted, mainly focusing on personalizing current treatments to optimize response and remission rates.
Cognitive dysfunction and neuropsychiatric aspects of Parkinson's disease$$$ Movement abnormalities, by definition, and cognitive changes, to varying extents, affect every patient with Parkinson's disease (PD) and are attributed to the underlying neurodegenerative disease. Various psychiatric disorders occur in most patients at some point over the course of PD, including in the prodromal phase. Even though psychiatric disturbances tend to aggravate motor and cognitive deficits, they are under-recognized and under-treated, and the role of the underlying neurological disease is often minimized. To provide an integrated approach to understanding neuropsychiatric aspects of PD, this chapter reviews how cognitive changes in PD relate to the common psychiatric disturbances in PD along with the prevalence, phenomenology, pathophysiology, and treatment of each.
A Double-Blind Randomized Sham Control Study to Assess the Effects of rTMS (Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation) on Executive Functioning in Treatment Resistant Depression$$$ Background: Up to fifteen percent of patients with Depression eventually present with Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD). Executive functions, in general, are a part of the cognitive process which includes fluency, working memory, set-shifting ability, set maintenance, planning, response inhibition, error detection, abstraction, strategizing and organization. Cognitive impairment / executive functions have found to be associated with depression. The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of both MDD (Major Depressive Disorder) and TRD in adolescent and adult populations. Aims and Objectives: To examine the effects of active and sham rTMS on executive functioning in patients of treatment resistant depression by comparing pre and post rTMS effects on mood symptoms, executive functioning for both groups (active and sham) and assessing the correlation between the effects on executive functioning and mood changes due to rTMS. Material and Methods: The study included 20 individuals (10 in each arm) of either gender, aged between 18-50years suffering from mild to moderate depression (assessed by HAM-D). The executive functioning was assessed by using NIMHANS Neuropsychological Battery (Digit Symbol Substitution Test-DSST, Digit Sequencing Test-DST, Colour Trail making B test, and Stroop test), 10 sessions of either active HF-rTMS (10Hz) or sham rTMS (allocated by random sampling) were applied to the left DLPFC over two weeks. Results: The mean age was found to be 42.62 years with 60 % males and 40 % females. On DSST Positive effects of rTMS were found for information processing speed in the active group compared to sham. On other tests, DST, CTB and Stroop test, the findings were not statistically significant. Significant positive correlation was present between HAM-D and Stroop tests scores in active group. The severity of depression reduced significantly due to rTMS treatment. Conclusion: The important finding of this study is the decrease in time on DSST after treatment with rTMS in the active group showing improvement in visuomotor coordination, attention and information processing speed in patients with TRD.
Non-invasive brain stimulation in rehabilitation$$$ Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) has been seen more common in rehabilitation settings. It can be used for the treatment of stroke, spinal cord injury, traumatic brain injury and multiple sclerosis, as well as for some diagnostic neurophysiological measurements. Two major modalities of NIBS are transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). As an add-on therapy to conventional rehabilitative treatments, the main goal of NIBS is to create neuromodulation by inhibiting or activating neural activity in the targeted cortical region. Indications for therapeutic NIBS in neurorehabilitation are motor recovery, aphasia, neglect, dysphagia, cognitive disorders, spasticity, and central pain. The NIBS can be regarded a safe technique with appropriate patient selection and defined treatment parameters. This review provides an overview on NIBS modalities, specifically TMS and tDCS, the working mechanisms, the stimulation techniques, areas of use, neuronavigation systems and safety considerations.
Efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background/aim: The use of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) in the add-on treatment of patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is becoming more common. This study aims to investigate the efficacy of TMS on depression and accompanying anxiety symptoms among patients with TRD. Materials and methods: The current study was conducted with 38 patients diagnosed with TRD. The patients were randomly divided into two groups and received 20 sessions of high-frequency (10Hz) TMS and 20 sessions of sham TMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a double-blind and cross-over fashion without a change in their pharmacotherapy. In the clinical evaluation, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) were carried out three times in total: before, cross-over phase, and at the end of the treatment. Results: A statistically significant decrease was found in the HAM-D and HAM-A in the group who were actively stimulated in the cross-over phase of the study. While there was a significant decrease in the HAM-A in the group who received sham stimulation, the decrease in the HAM-D was not statistically significant. Group comparisons revealed a statistically significant decrease in HAM-D in the group who were actively stimulated compared to the group receiving sham stimulation. At the end of the study, 63% of 38 patients responded to treatment, 15% partially responded, and 42% reached remission. Conclusion: This randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, cross-over study revealed that TMS is superior to sham-TMS, provides clinically significant improvement when implemented besides pharmacotherapy among patients with treatment-resistant depression, and is beneficial for accompanying anxiety symptoms.
A study protocol for an ongoing multi-arm, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial with digital features, using portable transcranial electrical stimulation and internet-based behavioral therapy for major depression disorders: The PSYLECT study$$$ Background: Transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) is considered effective and safe for depression, albeit modestly, and prone to logistical burdens when performed in external facilities. Investigation of portable tES (ptES), and potentiation of ptES with remote psychological interventions have shown positive, but preliminary, results. Research design: We report the rationale and design of an ongoing multi-arm, randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial with digital features, using ptES and internet-based behavioral therapy (iBT) for major depressive disorder (MDD) (NCT04889976). Methods: We will evaluate the efficacy, safety, tolerability and usability of (1) active ptES + active iBT (‘double-active’), (2) active ptES + sham iBT (‘ptES-only’), and (3) sham ptES + sham iBT (‘double-sham’), in adults with MDD, with a Hamilton Depression Rating Scale–17 item version (HDRS-17) score ≥ 17 at baseline, during 6 weeks. Antidepressants are allowed in stable doses during the trial. Results: We primarily co-hypothesize changes in HDRS-17 will be greater in (1) ‘double-active’ compared to ‘ptES-only,’ (2) ‘double-active’ compared to ‘double-sham,’ and (3) ‘ptES-only’ compared to ‘double-sham.’ We aim to enroll 210 patients (70 per arm). Conclusions: Our results should offer new insights regarding the efficacy and scalability of combined ptES and iBT for MDD, in digital mental health.
Modulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex functional connectivity after intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: Combining findings from fNIRS and fMRI$$$ Background: Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) can assess modulation of functional connectivity networks following repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of depression. Functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) is well suited for the concurrent application during rTMS treatment sessions to capture immediate blood oxygenation (oxy-Hb) effects, however limited in spatial resolution. Objective: To understand the network effects behind such a prefrontal fNIRS response during rTMS, and to test whether the fNIRS signal may be predictive of treatment response, we linked data from fNIRS and fMRI within a clinical intervention study. Methods: 42 patients with ongoing depression were recruited and randomized to receive active or sham intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC) twice daily for ten days at target intensity. Oxy-Hb was recorded with fNIRS during the first, fifth, and final day of iTBS, with the probe holders located laterally to the TMS coil over regions corresponding to the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). Resting-state fMRI scanning was performed before and after the whole iTBS treatment course. Functional connectivity analyses were then performed using dlPFC seeds from parcels of a brain atlas showing most overlap with the fNIRS probe locations during treatment. Results: After active iTBS, left dlPFC-connectivity to the right insula/operculum was reduced compared to sham. The left insula showed a connectivity reduction to the left dlPFC that correlated with an improvement in symptoms. In addition, the posterior parietal cortex showed a connectivity reduction to the left dlPFC that correlated with the fNIRS signal following active iTBS. Finally, the fNIRS oxy-Hb signal from the left dlPFC-seed during the first treatment day was predictive of dlPFC-connectivity change to precentral and temporal cortex regions. Conclusion: By linking findings from these two different methods, this study suggests that changes within both the salience network and the central executive network affect the fNIRS response to iTBS.
One hundred courses of cluster maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation (Cm tms)—a clinical audit study$$$ Objective: Major depressive disorder (MDD) which comes to transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is prone to relapse. Cluster maintenance (CM) TMS is courses of 5 treatments delivered over 2.5-5 days, separated by monthly or greater non-treatment periods. Our aim was to characterize the outcomes of 100 courses of CM TMS. Method: This was a Quality Assurance/Clinical Audit study. We studied consecutive CM TMS courses provided to private hospital inpatients. Mood was rated (on admission and discharge) using the six-item Hamilton depression rating (HAMD6) and the Clinical Global Impression - Severity (CGI-S) scales. We also applied recent STAR*D criteria which are designed to measure the ‘clinical change’ expected to impact patient function [16]. Results: For the total sample, using the HAMD6, 83% of courses featured relapse or partial relapse on admission, and 81% featured remission on discharge. Of 46 courses featuring HAMD6 relapse on admission, 74% featured remission on discharge. For the 100 courses the HAMD6 discharge scores were significantly lower than the admission scores(p = 2.0 × 10-24), as were the CGI-S scores (p = 1.8 × 10-25). Using STAR*D criteria for people in relapse or partial relapse on admission, CM TMS provided least a ‘clinically meaningful’ outcome in 82% of the cases. Conclusion: For courses featuring relapse or partial relapse on admission, CM TMS converted greater than 70% to remission at discharge. It produced statistically significant reductions in HAMD6 and CGI-S scores, and using STAR*D criteria, at least ‘clinically meaningful’ change was extensively demonstrated. This evidence indicates CM TMS should be readily available to people living with relapsing MDD.
THE EFFICACY AND SAFETY OF TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION IN TREATMENT-RESISTANT BIPOLAR DEPRESSION$$$ Background: The aim of the current study is to investigate the efficacy and safety of Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatment, a non-invasive brain stimulation technique, on depressive symptoms in treatment-resistant bipolar depression (TRBD). Subjects and methods: The study included 29 patients between the ages of 18-65, with bipolar disorder depressive episode according to DSM-5 and with the decision of non-response to treatment according to the Canadian Mood and Anxiety Treatment Network (CANMAT). Patients were divided into two groups double-blind-randomly, 20 sessions of TMS and 20 sessions of sham TMS were applied crossover. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) and TMS Side Effect Questionnaire were applied to the patients before the treatment, at the 2nd week which is the crossover phase, and at the end of the treatment at 4th week. Results: In both groups, the severity of depression was decreased significantly according to HAM-D and BDI scores after the procedure. As well as active stimulation, some positive placebo effects were observed with sham stimulation. But the decreases seen in HAM-D and BDI scores and response to the treatment were higher during the weeks when the groups received active stimulation (respectively p=0.000, p=0.001, p=0.005). At the end of the study, according to HAM-D, 55.7% of the patients showed response to the treatment, 24.13% partial response. According to BDI, 41.37% of the patients showed response to the treatment, and 31.03% partial response. No associations were found between TMS response and sociodemographic - clinical features, or type of the disease (p>0.05). During the study, no serious adverse effects such as seizures or manic / hypomanic switches were observed. Conclusions: The results of our study showed that TMS treatment is an effective and safe treatment for patients with treatmentresistant bipolar depression.
Systematic Review of the Treatment of Bipolar Disorder with Mixed Characteristics$$$ Introduction: The mixed states of bipolar disorder (BD) are typified as a subtype of mania or depression. Mixed episodes respond worse to monotherapy treatment, imply a higher risk of relapse, a chronicity of 15% at five years and an associated suicide risk similar to that of patients with depression. Objective: To evaluate and compare the different therapeutic strategies for BD with mixed characteristics. Methods: A systematic bibliographic review was carried out. Those studies carried out in patients with bipolar disorder with mixed characteristics and who were receiving treatment were selected. Results: The initial search showed a total of 228 articles, of which 28 met the inclusion criteria. We included 19 randomised clinical trials (RCTs) comparing an antipsychotic with placebo. Discussion: According to the data evaluated, antipsychotics —especially second-generation ones— represent a first-line tool for the treatment of manic symptoms with mixed characteristics. ECT should be considered as a secondary intervention strategy in the case of acute mania when an adequate response has not been obtained after the administration of first-line drugs. Conclusions: The review found that the therapeutic recommendations for bipolar disorder with mixed characteristics are limited.
Non-invasive brain stimulation modulates neural correlates of performance monitoring in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Overactive performance monitoring, as reflected by enhanced neural responses to errors (the error-related negativity, ERN), is considered a biomarker for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and may be a promising target for novel treatment approaches. Prior research suggests that non-invasive brain stimulation with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may reduce the ERN in healthy individuals, yet no study has investigated its efficacy in attenuating the ERN in OCD. In this preregistered, randomized, sham-controlled, crossover study, we investigated effects of tDCS on performance monitoring in patients with OCD (n = 28) and healthy individuals (n = 28). Cathodal and sham tDCS was applied over the presupplementary motor area (pre-SMA) in two sessions, each followed by electroencephalogram recording during a flanker task. Cathodal tDCS reduced the ERN amplitude compared to sham tDCS, albeit this effect was only marginally significant (p = .052; mean difference: 0.86 μV). Additionally, cathodal tDCS reduced the correct-response negativity and increased the error positivity. These neural modulations were not accompanied by behavioral changes. Moreover, we found no evidence that the tDCS effect was more pronounced in the patient group. In summary, our findings indicate that tDCS over the pre-SMA modulates neural correlates of performance monitoring across groups. Therefore, this study represents a valuable starting point for future research to determine whether repeated tDCS application induces a more pronounced ERN attenuation and normalizes aberrant performance monitoring in the long term, thereby potentially alleviating obsessive-compulsive symptoms and providing a psychophysiological intervention strategy for individuals who do not benefit sufficiently from existing interventions.
Recent innovations in non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) for the treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression: a narrative review$$$ Depression, either bipolar or unipolar, is a highly prevalent and disabling condition. Even though several treatment options exist for depressed patients, a significant portion of individuals receiving conventional pharmacotherapy fails to achieve and sustain remission. For this reason, there is a strong need for effective alternatives to pharmacotherapy. In this respect, non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS), including transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), have been increasingly investigated in the last two decade as promising treatment strategies for major depression and treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Indeed, due to their safety and tolerability and to the growing evidence on their efficacy, NIBS has been included in international treatment guidelines, having become part of the standard clinical practice. Even though several clinical trials involving NIBS in patients with major depression and TRD have been conducted, literature in specific areas is still marked by some inconsistencies, due to small sample-sizes, lack of multicentre-studies and to the difficulty in comparing different treatment modalities and stimulation protocols. In light of the above, we sought to provide a brief, updated compendium of the latest innovative acquisition for the use of NIBS in the treatment of depression, either unipolar or bipolar, as well as TRD with a specific focus on innovative set-up, devices, target areas, and parameters that may affect the outcome.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Neuropathic Pain and Neuropsychiatric Symptoms in Traumatic Brain Injury: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Neuropathic pain and neuropsychiatric symptoms are common complications reported by the traumatic brain injury (TBI) population. Although a growing body of research has indicated the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the management of neurological and psychiatric disorders, little evidence has been presented to support the effects of rTMS on neuropathic pain and neuropsychiatric symptoms in patients with TBI in all age groups. In addition, a better understanding of the potential factors that might influence the therapeutic effect of rTMS is necessary. The objective of this preregistered systematic review and meta-analysis was to quantify the effects of rTMS on physical and psychological symptoms in individuals with TBI. We systematically searched six databases for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of rTMS in TBI patients reporting pain and neuropsychiatric outcomes published until March 20, 2022. The mean difference (MD) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs) was estimated separately for outcomes to understand the mean effect size. Twelve RCTs with 276 TBI patients were ultimately selected from 1605 records for systematic review, and 11 of the studies were included in the meta-analysis. Overall, five of the included studies showed a low risk of bias. The effects of rTMS on neuropathic pain were statistically significant (MD=-1.00, 95% CI -1.76 to -0.25, P=0.009), with high heterogeneity (I2=76%). A significant advantage of 1 Hz rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in improving depression (MD=-6.52, 95% CI -11.58 to -1.46, P=0.01) was shown, and a significant improvement was noted in the Rivermead Post-Concussion Symptoms Questionnaire-13 (RPQ-13) scores of mild TBI patients after rTMS (MD=-5.87, 95% CI -10.63 to -1.11, P=0.02). However, no significance was found in cognition measurement. No major adverse events related to rTMS were reported. Moderate evidence suggests that rTMS can effectively and safely improve neuropathic pain, while its effectiveness on depression, postconcussion symptoms, and cognition is limited. More trials with a larger number of participants are needed to draw firm conclusions. This trial is registered with PROSPERO (PROSPERO registration number: CRD42021242364.
The Effectiveness of High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Patients with Neuropathic Orofacial Pain: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Background. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been widely used in the treatment of neuropathic orofacial pain (NOP). The consistency of its therapeutic efficacy with the optimal protocol is highly debatable. Objective. To assess the effectiveness of rTMS on pain intensity, psychological conditions, and quality of life (QOL) in individuals with NOP based on randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Methods. We carefully screened and browsed 5 medical databases from inception to January 1, 2022. The study will be included that use of rTMS as the intervention for patients with NOP. Two researchers independently completed record retrieval, data processing, and evaluation of methodological quality. Quality and evidence were assessed using the PEDro scores and the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) system. Results. Six RCTs with 214 participants were included in this systematic review: 2 studies were considered level 1 evidence, and 4 were considered level 2 evidence. Six studies found that high-frequency rTMS had a pain-relieving effect, while 4 studies found no improvement in psychological conditions and QOL. Quality of evidence (GRADE system) ranged from moderate to high. No significant side effects were found. Conclusions. There is moderate-to-high evidence to prove that high-frequency rTMS is effective in reducing pain in individuals with NOP, but it has no significant positive effect on psychological conditions and QOL. High-frequency rTMS can be used as an alternative treatment for pain in individuals with NOP, but further studies will be conducted to unify treatment parameters, and the sample size will be expanded to explore its influence on psychological conditions and QOL.
Non-pharmacologic approaches to neurological stimulation in patients with severe brain injuries: a systematic review$$$ OBJECTIVE: This review aimed to
Test-Retest Reliability and Agreement of Single Pulse Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) for Measuring Activity in Motor Cortex in Patients With Acute Ischemic Stroke$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is often used to examine neurophysiology. We aimed to investigate the inter-rater reliability and agreement of single pulse TMS in hospitalised acute ischemic stroke patients. Methods: Thirty-one patients with first-time acute ischemic stroke (median age 72 (IQR 64-75), 35% females) underwent TMS motor threshold (MT) assessment in 4 muscles bilaterally, conducted by 1 of 2 physiotherapists. Test-retest reliability was evaluated using a two-way random effects model (2,1) absolute agreement-type Interclass Correlation Coefficient (ICC). Standard Error of Measurement (SEM) and Smallest Detectable Change (SDC) were used to evaluate agreement. Results: Reliability, SEM, and SDC of TMS was found to be moderate in right opponens pollicis (0.78 [CI 95% 0.55-0.89], SEM: 4.51, SDC: 12.51), good in right vastus medialis and tibial anterior (0.88 [CI 95% 0.72-0.96], SEM: 2.89, SDC: 8.01 and 0.88 [CI 95% 0.76-0.94], SEM: 2.88, SDC: 7.98 respectively), and excellent in right and left biceps brachii (0.98 [CI 95% 0.96-0.99], SEM: 1.79 SDC: 4.96, and 0.94 [CI 95% 0.89-0.97], SEM: 2.17 SDC: 6.01), opponens pollicis (0.92 [CI 95% 0.83-0.96], SEM: 2.68 SDC: 8.26, vastus medialis (0.92 [CI 95% 0.84-0.96], SEM: 2.87 SDC: 7.95), and tibial anterior (0.93 [CI 95% 0.86-0.96], SEM: 2.51 SDC: 6.95). Conclusion: The TMS demonstrated moderate to excellent inter-rater reliability confirming the ability of these measures to reliably discriminate between individuals in the current study sample. Improvements of less than 4.96 to 12.51 could be a result of measurement error and may therefore not be considered a true change.
THE EFFECTS OF TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION ON COGNITIVE FUNCTIONING IN BIPOLAR DEPRESSION: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW$$$ Background: The features of bipolar affective disorder (BAD) include mood swings, recurring episodes of mania, depression, and mixed states. Numerous studies of people living with BAD have found the presence of cognitive impairments that affect patients' daily social functioning and quality of life. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique recommended for the treatment of bipolar depression (BD). The effect of TMS on cognitive function in BD patients remains mostly unclear. Subjects and methods: We carried out a systematic search in the databases of PubMed and Scopus for the whole publication period until March 30th, 2022. PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis) was used to identify all data published in English language and related to the use of TMS in the treatment of depression in BAD and its impact on cognitive function. Articles related to TMS, cognition, and BD were identified using predefined term search algorithms. Articles on clinical trials and case reports were included, but reviews were excluded. The PICOS (Population Intervention Comparison Outputs Study) formula in our review included: P - patients with bipolar depression, I - TMS treatment, C - patients without TMS treatment / placebo TMS, O - changes in cognitive functions, S - all types of original studies. Results: Within the primary screening for assessment of full texts, 25 documents met our selection criteria to test the effect of TMS on cognitive functioning in BD. Based on a secondary screening of the full-text analysis, 10 articles (N=259 patients) were included into the current review. Among these, the majority of articles were based on the randomized controlled trials (RCTs, N=6), whereas the remaining four presented a case report, an open unblinded study, an open-label study, and a pilot study, respectively. Most of the studies produced mixed result. However, the limited data strongly suggested that TMS is without detriment to cognition in BD patients and is indeed beneficial in specific domains of cognitive function, namely (i) verbal fluency, (ii) verbal memory, and (iii) executive functioning. Small sample sizes, heterogeneity across the study designs, lack of the control groups data in some of the trials, different TMS protocols parameters and outcome measures represent significant limitations for comparing and analyzing the available results. Conclusions: Thus, present data on the effects of TMS in improving cognition in BD patients remains limited. To our mind, in order to evaluate properly the effectiveness of TMS in cognitive functioning improvement in BD, there is need for further randomized controlled trials and the corresponding development of the clinical standards for research recommendations. Such studies could define the appropriate methods for valid assessments of cognitive functions, and guide the selection of optimal TMS protocols when planning RCTs. We suggest that efforts should be expended to organize centralized large-scale clinical trials to determine the optimal parameters of TMS procedures and the range of effects of this treatment on various indicators of cognitive functioning in BD. This applies equally to other socially significant mental disorders marked by perturbations in cognitive functioning.
Importance of Exploring N-Methyl-D-Aspartate (NMDA) as a Future Perspective Target in Depression$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a serious and complex mental illness. Currently, many antidepressants are available in the market for the treatment of MDD. However, these agents are associated with side effects, which restricts their use. This warrants the development of advanced anti-depressive medications with a novel mechanism of action or novel targets and with minimal adverse effects. The traditional neurobiological hypothesis of depression, the monoamine hypothesis, is unable to properly explain all the aspects of depressive conditions. In this review, we discuss novel approach-es that could be used for the treatment of depression, including glutamatergic and serotonergic system modulation. The pathogenesis of depression is greatly affected by glutamatergic neurotransmission dysfunction. Previous investigations have shown that ketamine, an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor an-tagonist, exerts fast and long-lasting antidepressant effects. Several glutamatergic modulators, such as esketamine, sarcosine, and others, have also shown potential antidepressant action in animal as well as clinical studies. Lastly, drugs that alter neurotransmission by NMDA receptors could open up new av-enues for more effective treatment of depression. Besides, understanding the underlying mechanisms will aid in the development of novel and fast-acting antidepressant drugs in the future.
Safety of Electro-Convulsive Therapy in Combination with Duloxetine in Treatment-resistant Depressive Patients: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: There are several strategies in the management of treatment-resistant depression (TRD), including the administration of other antidepressants, augmentation therapy, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and a combination of ECT and antidepressants. The safety of ECT combined with any medication must be confirmed. The aim of this study was to assess the safety of duloxetine and ECT combination therapy. Materials and Methods: In this randomized clinical trial, the probable side effects of ECT plus duloxetine were compared with ECT plus sertraline in two groups of admitted TRD patients. Patients with general medical diseases and/or any contraindications to ECT or any of the two drugs were excluded. General side effects, including nausea, vomiting, and headache reported by patients (hours after ECT) as well as cardiotoxicity by electrocardiogram (immediately after any ECT episode), cognitive status by mini-mental state examination (MMSE, one month after the last ECT), and seizure duration were recorded for each patient. Results: No significant differences were observed in nausea, vomiting, headache, and myalgia between ECT+duloxetine and ECT+sertraline groups. Heart rate, QTc interval, ST-T change, and the incidence of arrhythmia were the same between the two arms of the study. Also, no prolonged seizures and status epilepticus were recorded among the studied patients. The MMSE revealed no marked differences in the cognitive status among patients of the two groups. Conclusion: ECT+duloxetine and ECT+sertraline were equally safe in patients with TRD.
Efficacy Of Adjunctive Rtms In Psychogenic Non-Epileptic Seizure In Children And Adolescents: A Randomized Double Blind Sham Controlled Study$$$ Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive method of stimulating focal areas of brain, which was initially developed as a tool to study localization of brain, is increasingly been used in neuropsychiatric research and clinical psychiatry. The effects of rTMS depend on the stimulation parameters, such as frequency and intensity (Wassermann et al, 1996). High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) induces activation and low frequency rTMS causes inhibition of cerebral cortex, modifying cortical excitability (Pascual-Leone et al, 1998).
Ketamine and Other Glutamate Receptor Modulating Agents for Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Objective: Available treatments of depression have limited efficacy and unsatisfactory remission rates. This study aims to review randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating effects of glutamate receptor modulators in treating patients with resistant depression. Method: The study protocol was registered in PROSPERO (CRD42021225516). Scopus, ISI Web of Science, Embase, Cochrane Library, Google Scholar, and three trial registries were searched up to September 2020 to find RCTs evaluating glutamate receptor modulators for resistant depression. The difference between intervention and control groups in changing depression scores from baseline to endpoint was considered the primary outcome. Version 2 of the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool for randomized trials was used to assess the quality of the RCTs. No funding was received. Results: Thirty-eight RCTs were included. Based on the included studies, compelling evidence was found for ketamine (with or without electroconvulsive therapy, intravenous or other forms), nitrous oxide, amantadine, and rislenemdaz (MK-0657); the results for MK-0657, amantadine, and nitrous oxide were only based on one study for each. Lithium, lanicemine, D-cycloserine, and decoglurant showed mixed results for efficacy, and, riluzole, and 7-chlorokynurenic acid were mostly comparable to placebo. A limited number of studies were available that addressed drugs other than ketamine. Conclusion: The study cannot determine the difference between statistical and clinical significance between the agents and placebo due to high heterogeneity among the RCTs. Nevertheless, ketamine could be used as an efficacious drug in TRD; still, additional studies are needed to delineate the optimum dosage, duration of efficacy, and intervals. Further studies are also recommended on the effectiveness of glutamatergic system modulators other than ketamine on treatment-resistant depression.
Does Electroconvulsive Therapy for Patients with Mood Disorders Extend Hospital Length of Stays and Increase Inpatient Costs?$$$ Although randomized trials have shown that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective and underused treatment for mood disorders, its impact on inpatient length of stay (LOS) and hospital costs are not fully understood. We analyzed private insurance claims of patients hospitalized for mood disorders who had continuous insurance for three months prior to an index hospitalization and six months after discharge (N = 24,249). Propensity score weighted linear models were used to examine the association of any ECT use, the number of ECT treatments, and time to first ECT treatment, with LOS and hospital costs adjusting for potential confounders. Three months prior to the index hospitalization, patients who subsequently received ECT had more than double the total healthcare costs and bed days ($12,669 vs. $6,333 and 4.5 vs. 0.92 days, p < .001) of the other group. During their index admission, patients receiving ECT had longer LOS (16.1 vs. 5.8 days, p < .001) and three times greater hospital costs ($28,607 vs. $8,708, p < .001). Analyses adjusted for other group differences showed a dose-response relationship between the number of ECT treatments and LOS and hospital costs. Receipt of ECT was associated with increased LOS by 4 to 29 days depending on the number of ECT treatments and increasing total hospital costs from $5,767 to $52,717. Receipt of any ECT and the number of treatments during hospitalization were associated with markedly increased LOS, hospital admission costs, and post-discharge costs. Cost-effectiveness of ECT may be enhanced by shifting treatments to outpatient settings when possible.
Central nervous system stimulation therapies in phantom limb pain: a systematic review of clinical trials$$$ Phantom limb pain is a chronic pain syndrome that is difficult to cope with. Despite neurostimulation treatment is indicated for refractory neuropathic pain, there is scant evidence from randomized controlled trials to recommend it as the treatment choice. Thus, a systematic review was performed to analyze the efficacy of central nervous system stimulation therapies as a strategy for pain management in patients with phantom limb pain. A literature search for studies conducted between 1970 and September 2020 was carried out using the MEDLINE and Embase databases. Principles of The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guideline were followed. There were a total of 10 full-text articles retrieved and included in this review. Deep brain stimulation, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, and motor cortex stimulation were the treatment strategies used in the selected clinical trials. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation were effective therapies to reduce pain perception, as well as to relieve anxiety and depression symptoms in phantom limb pain patients. Conversely, invasive approaches were considered the last treatment option as evidence in deep brain stimulation and motor cortex stimulation suggests that the value of phantom limb pain treatment remains controversial. However, the findings on use of these treatment strategies in other forms of neuropathic pain suggest that these invasive approaches could be a potential option for phantom limb pain patients.
Intravenous morphine plus ibuprofen or ketorolac versus intravenous morphine alone in reducing renal colic pain intensity in emergency department: A randomized, double-blind clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study aimed to compare the efficacy of intravenous (IV) morphine plus ibuprofen or ketorolac versus IV morphine alone in controlling renal colic pain in the emergency department. METHODS: This double-blind, randomized clinical trial was conducted during November 2018 and March 2019 in Iran. Patients aged 18-65 years with acute renal colic and numerical rating scale (NRS) score of higher than 6 of 10 were enrolled to the study. They were randomly assigned to I, K, and control groups receiving 5 mg morphine with 800 mg ibuprofen (n = 65), 5 mg morphine with 30 mg ketorolac (n = 65), or only 5 mg morphine (n = 65) intravenously, respectively. NRS was evaluated 0, 15, 30, 60, and 120 min after injection. RESULTS: A total of 195 participants took part in the study. The presence of stone in pelvis area was higher in I group (P = 0.027). The mean rescue analgesic dose was higher in the control group and lower in K group (P = 0.031). From the 15 th min, the NRS reduction in I and K group was higher than the control group (P < 0.001), but the difference between I and K group was not statistically significant in total (P = 1.0) or in the all follow-up time intervals (15 th P = 0.864, 30 th P = 0.493, 60 th P = 0.493, and 120 th min P = 1.0). The largest difference in pain reduction was observed in 120 th min and mean of NRS was 2.9 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.6-3.3), 2.9 (95% CI: 2.6-3.3) and 7.0 (95% CI: 6.7-7.4) in I, K and control group, respectively. The adverse effects showed in 18.5%, 20.0%, and 13.8% of I, K, and control group, respectively. CONCLUSION: IV ibuprofen plus morphine and IV ketorolac plus morphine had similar effects in reducing renal colic pain but were more effective than IV morphine alone.
Integration of Virtual Reality into Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Improves Cognitive Function in Patients with Parkinson's Disease with Cognitive Impairment: A Proof-of-Concept Study$$$ Background: Emerging evidence has indicated the positive effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) for the treatment of mild cognitive impairment (MCI). Objective: Investigating whether combining virtual reality (VR) training with rTMS can further enhance cognitive improvement induced by rTMS treatment. Methods: We randomly assigned 40 patients with PD and MCI into three groups, namely the rTMS-VR group (n = 13), rTMS group (n = 11), and sham rTMS group (n = 16). rTMS was administered as 10 consecutive sessions of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. In the rTMS-VR group, VR training was administered immediately after each rTMS session. Cognitive function was measured using the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) at baseline, immediately after intervention, and at 3-month follow-up. Results: Compared with the rTMS group, the rTMS-VR group exhibited significantly more improvements in total and delayed memory scores of the RBANS and the visuospatial/executive function score of the MoCA after intervention (p = 0.000∼0.046) and the delayed memory score of the RBANS at 3-month follow-up (p = 0.028). Conclusion: The integrated rTMS-VR protocol achieved a superior outcome in global cognitive function, more effectively enhancing working memory and visuospatial executive function than did the rTMS protocol alone. The combination of VR and rTMS can be an effective regimen for improving the cognitive function of patients with PD.
Deep Brain Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ It is estimated that one-third of patients with depression show a lack of adequate response to different pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions, including electroconvulsive therapy. These patients usually present with lower overall functioning and higher morbidity and mortality. Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is also associated with substantial economic burden, increased inpatient hospitalizations, longer hospital stays, and higher healthcare costs. This book chapter discusses relevant TRD concepts, the impact of TRD, and the rationale for the use of deep brain stimulation (DBS) in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. We also present preclinical studies with DBS and animal models of depression that have helped understand the mechanisms of action of that intervention. Clinical studies have investigated different targets, like the inferior thalamic peduncle, the lateral habenular complex, the medial forebrain bundle, the nucleus accumbens, the ventral capsule/ventral striatum (the anterior limb of the internal capsule), and the subcallosal cingulate cortex. Promising results have been reported in open-label trials of DBS in TRD, with a significant reduction of depressive symptoms, tolerable adverse effects, and sustained efficacy although some of the few randomized-controlled studies have shown less encouraging results. We finalize with a discussion of candidate biomarkers for treatment response and perspectives for improving DBS’s efficacy and safety to treat patients with TRD.
Efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation in decreasing depression symptoms during the peripartum period: A systematic review$$$ Background Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques have been suggested as alternative treatments to decrease depression symptoms during the perinatal period. Aims and Objectives This systematic review and meta-analysis aims to summarise evidence on NIBS efficacy, safety and acceptability in treating peripartum depression (PPD). Methods We included randomised, non-randomised and case reports, that used NIBS during pregnancy and the postpartum. The reduction of depressive symptoms was the primary outcome and neonatal safety was the co-primary outcome. Results Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) shows clinically significant effect with decreased depressive symptoms between baseline and end of treatment and overall good acceptability. Although the safety profile of rTMS in the postpartum, caution is warranted during pregnancy. Efficacy of Transcranial Electrical Stimulation (e.g. transcranial direct current stimulation) derives mostly from single-arm studies, compromising its encouraging findings. Further investigation is necessary concerning Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), as evidence relies in low-quality case-reports. Interpretation/Discussion Overall, NIBS efficacy is promising for treating PPD. However, using NIBS during pregnancy raised concerns regarding the foetus safety. In the postpartum period, NIBS seem to be safe to the newborn. The reduced number of controlled studies, the lack of complete datasets and the serious/high risk of bias of the reports warrants cautious interpretations. Conclusions Existing evidence is limited across NIBS techniques; comparative studies are lacking, and standard stimulation parameters are yet to be established. Although rTMS benefits from the most robust research, future multicenter randomised clinical trials are needed to determine the position of each NIBS strategy within the pathways of care.
Anhedonia in Nicotine Dependence$$$ Prior findings indicate that trait anhedonia enhances the likelihood of becoming a tobacco smoker, and preliminary evidence suggests that smoking abstinence leads to anhedonic states in some individuals and situations, and nicotine administration reduces anhedonic states. Nevertheless, many vital questions exist concerning relationships between anhedonia and nicotine dependence, including situational and individual difference factors that may moderate the strength of these associations. This chapter provides a critical review of the literature assessing relationships of anhedonia to nicotine dependence and the effects of acute nicotine through the lenses of the Research Domain Criteria’s (RDoC) Positive Valence Systems (NIMH, RDoC changes to the matrix (CMAT) workgroup update: proposed positive valence domain revisions. A report by the national advisory mental health council workgroup on changes to the research domain criteria matrix, 2018) and the Situation x Trait Affective Response (STAR) model of nicotine’s effects and nicotine dependence (Gilbert, Smoking individual differences, psychopathology, and emotion. Taylor and Francis, Washington, DC, 1995; Gilbert, Hum Psychopharmacol Clin Exp 12:S89–S102, 1997). The effects of nicotine and nicotine withdrawal on subjective, behavioral, and brain indices vary across the three RDoC Positive Valences Systems (Reward Responsiveness, Reward Learning, and Reward Valuation) in a manner that supports the research and potential clinical utility of using RDoC criteria and the STAR model to guide research and clinical innovation. We provide a revision of the STAR model that incorporates the three RDoC Positive Valence Systems with evidence that nicotine’s effects on hedonic and affective processes vary as a function of the dominance/salience of (1) situational hedonic and affective cues and task/active coping cues, and (2) state executive functioning level/capacity and state reward sensitivity such that these effects of nicotine are maximal during states of suboptimal cognitive functioning and reward sensitivity, combined with low situational stimulus salience and low task-related cues/demands.
INFLUENCE OF TMS, CLINICAL AND DEMOGRAPHIC PARAMETERS ON THE EFFICACY OF rTMS IN DEPRESSION$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was shown to be effective in the treatment of depression. A amelioration of symptoms for over 50% or full remission takes place in 30-40% of the treated patients. The number needed to treat is about 4-5 against placebo treatment. Up to now limited evidence is available which patient will benefit from rTMS. In a retrospective analysis of a cohort of 505 patients with depression treated in a naturalistic clinical setting the Hamilton depression rating scale was used as treatment outcome. Parameters such as age, gender, motor threshold, stimulation intensity, type of depression, medication were analysed. The overall cohort shows an effect size of about 0.9 according to Cohen's d. Preliminary analyses show significant influence of gender, antipsychotic medications and benzodiazepines. In conclusion, treatment in normal care fits to the positive controlled clinical trials. Data from large scaled data bases may help developing individual probability signatures for treatment response.
BRAIN PERFUSION PATTERNS AS CLINICAL (NON) PREDICTOR TO aiTBS TREATMENT IN MEDICATION-RESISTANT DEPRESSION$$$ Accelerated intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (aiTBS) has been put forward as an effective treatment to alleviate depressive symptoms. In this arterial spin labeling (ASL) brain imaging study 50 medication-resistant depressed patients received twenty sessions (5 per day) of neuronavigated left DLPFC aiTBS in an accelerated sham-controlled crossover fashion, where all stimulation sessions were spread over four days (Trial registration: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT01832805). Active aiTBS, in contrast to sham, resulted in prompt perfusion increases in functionally connected brain regions such as the ventromedial prefrontal cortex, the left (para)hippocampus, and the right posterior cerebellum. Stronger individual baseline interregional covariance perfusion connectivity patterns between the subgenual Anterior cingulate cortex and the individual left dorsolateral prefrontal cortical (DLPFC) targets predicted response and/or remission. Furthermore, responders and remitters with higher Behavioural Inhibition (BIS) scores displayed stronger baseline interregional perfusion connections. Our perfusion findings indicate that active aiTBS treatment promptly affects brain regions functionally and structurally connected to the stimulated area and known to be part of deregulated brain circuits when clinically depressed. However, targeting the left DLPFC with aiTBS based on personal structural imaging data only may not be the most optimal method to enhance meaningful antidepressant responses. Additional therapies dealing with behavioural inhibition may be warranted.
DIFFERENCES IN EFFICACY OF H1-COIL AND 8-COIL HR rTMS ON DIFFERENT DIMENSIONS OF MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER: POOLED SAMPLE FROM 2016-2022 STUDIES IN PSYCHIATRIC CLINIC SVETI IVAN$$$ Objectives: To compare the efficacy of HR rTMS with H1-coil and 8-coil on different dimension of major depressive disorder. Methods: We conducted this analysis in intention-to-treat population of the pooled sample from two prospective cohort and two randomized controlled trials conducted in Psychiatric Clinic Sveti Ivan during 2016-2022. The outcome was Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HDRS-17). Allocation was concealed and outcome assessment was blinded. We conducted the analysis using adjusted withinbetween subject analysis of covariance. We controlled confounding effects of age, gender, diagnosis, duration of MDD and patients age at MDD onset. Using confirmatory factor analysis we tested the HDRS - 17-part of the five-dimensions model derived by Uher (2012). We performed all interventions at 120% of the motor threshold, H1-coil with frequency of 18 Hz and 8-coil with 10 Hz, all in one session daily during 20 workdays (Figure 1). Results: We analysed 125 patients treated with H1-coil, 55% women, and 107 patients treated with 8- coil, 51% women. Median (interquartile range; IQR) age was 54 (44-60) years in H1-coil arm and 52 (43-61) years in 8-coil arm. Two arms were well balanced in terms of diagnosis (depressive episode or recurrent MDD), duration and baseline severity of MDD. Patients in 8-coil arm more often had psychiatric comorbidity, primarily organic mental disorders. Five dimensions model of HDRS: depressed mood, anxiety, pessimism, sleep difficulties and changes in appetite fitted the empirical data very well (X2=69.5, p=0.091; CFI = 0.96; TLI = 0.94; RMSEA = 0.035, 90% CI 0.000; 0.058), SRMR = 0.050). Lowering of total HDRS-17 score was significantly larger in H1-coil, than in 8-coil arm (59% and 52% respectively; p=0.025; η2=0.03; FDR <5%). H1-coil had significantly better effect on depressed mood dimension (p=0.046; η2=0.02; FDR <5%). In other dimensions and 2nd order factors (mood, cognitive, neurovegetative) we have not observed significant differences between the two coils (Table 1, 2). Conclusion: This study indicated somewhat better effect of H1-coil on total HDRS-17 score and on depressed mood dimension, but not on any other dimension or the 2nd order factor.
EFFICACY OF REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION WITH H7-COIL IN THE TREATMENT OF TINNITUS: PROTOCOL FOR PHASE IIA, PROOF OF CONCEPT, RANDOMIZED, SHAM-CONTROLLED, DOUBLE BLIND CLINICAL TRIAL$$$ Background: There is no gold standard for treating tinnitus. A relatively large number of studies of the efficacy of rTMS on tinnitus have been conducted. Generally, low-frequency (LF) stimulation of the auditory cortex in combination with high-frequency (HF) stimulation of the DLPFC, has shown efficacy in reducing symptoms (especially loudness and anxiety). A possible alternative target for HF rTMS of the DLPFC, is the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC), using the H7 coil. There is no study of the acceptable quality on the effects of H7-coil in stimulating the auditory cortex and mPFC. Objectives: To examine the efficacy of H7 coil LF/HF rTMS, with H7-coil applied in the treatment of idiopathic, chronic, tinnitus disorder with normoacusis. Hypothesis: The LF rTMS (1Hz) placed over auditory cortex combined with HF (10Hz) H7-coil placed over mPFC, applied for 15 days, has superior efficacy on tinnitus symptoms measured by the overall Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI) score, than the SHAM passive coil. Study design: We plan an industry-independent, single-center, prospective, randomized sham-controlled, two-arms, double-blind superiority clinical trial with concealed allocation and masked independent outcome assessment. Population: Outpatients diagnosed for ≥ 12 months and ≤ 5 years with persistent, subjective, normoacoustic tinnitus disorder of at least moderate severity defined by the THI score ≥ 38, both unilateral and bilateral, both genders, and with no hearing loss, age 18-65 years, with the tinnitus treatment unchanged for at least one months. Exclusion criteria: organically caused tinnitus and organic brain lesion, objective. tinnitus, severe hearing loss or Menier's disease, middle ear disease, diagnosed mental disorder, suicidality, alcohol or drugs addictions, clinically relevant neurological disorder, and standard rTMS exclusion criteria. Sample size: 52 in HR rTMS H7-coil arm, and 52 in sham control arm. Primary outcome: Adjusted median of differences in total THI score. We will adjust the means for the distribution of age, gender, tinnitus severity, duration, and treatment. Secondary outcomes: Change in TQ score, change in VAS score, the proportion of patients with clinically relevant lowering of total THI score ≥ 7 points, percentage of the awake time aware of tinnitus, percentage of awake time annoyed, distressed or irritated by tinnitus, change in BDI-II score, change in BAI score, change in PSQI score. Data analysis: Within-between subjects ANCOVA or multivariable quantile regression of outcome measure score after the therapy to the treatment group, adjusted for baseline outcome measure score and all preplanned possible confounding variables in the intention-to-treat population.
DOUBLE-DOSED NON-INVASIVE BRAIN STIMULATION: IS MORE BETTER?$$$ Since the FDA-approved once-daily intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) treatment for depression rapidly extends to six weeks, patients and caregivers face a considerable logistic burden. Therefore, twice-daily stimulation has gained popularity as a therapeutic tool for stress-related psychiatric disorders. However, the neuro-endocrinological effect of one or two (double-dosed) iTBS sessions remains unclear. Considering that the most frequently stimulated target of non-invasive brain stimulation in psychiatry, the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), is involved in regulating the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) system, stress regulation responses, such as cortisol secretion, are of interest. Using a two-period crossover design, this study looked at the effect of double-dosed iTBS over the left DLPFC on salivary cortisol in 38 healthy volunteers after being stressed with the Trier Social Stress Test (TSST). After the first active iTBS session, no differential effects on salivary output were observed as contrasted to sham. However, after the second active session, there was a significantly smaller decrease in salivary cortisol concentrations in the active iTBS condition than in the sham condition. Our results suggest that doubledosed iTBS after being stressed might affect stress recovery differently than a single session of iTBS.
GENDER DIFFERENCES IN THE EFFICACY OF rTMS TREATMENT ON MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique that is effective in treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). A probable association of short-term antidepressant properties of rTMS with gender has been observed. Objective of our study was to investigate gender differences in the efficacy of 8-coil rTMS on major depressive disorder (MDD). We performed an industry-independent, unicentric, randomized, controlled, single-blinded study in Psychiatric Hospital 'Sveti Ivan' in Zagreb. Patients were randomized into two groups: experimental group treated with 8-coil rTMS (n=47) and standard pharmacotherapy and the control group (n=43) treated with the standard pharmacotherapy alone. The primary outcome was HAM-D17. Variables whose possible confounding effect we controlled by multivariable statistical analysis were: age, diagnosis, age at MDD onset, treatment with SSRIs, SNRIs and other antidepressants. After the adjustment for all preplanned possible confounding variables, the lowering of HAM-D17 score after 4-weeks treatment was statistically significantly different between experimental and control group. In women, the lowering of HAM-D17 score was statistically significantly and clinically relevantly larger in the experimental group than in the control group. The interaction of the study group and gender on the change in HAM-D17 scores was not statistically significant after adjustment for confounding variables. It cannot be reasonably reliably claimed that there are differences in the effect of rTMS between men and women using the 8-coil, but the results indicate the need for further research.
COMBINING APP-BASED PSYCHOLOGICAL INTERVENTION WITH HOME-BASED TRANSCRANIAL DIRECT STIMULATION FOR THE TREATMENT OF DEPRESSIVE AND ANXIETY SYMPTOMS: A CASE SERIES$$$ Evidence indicates high heterogeneity in tDCS efficacy as a stand-alone treatment. Combining tDCS with psychological interventions may yield promising results to increase its therapeutic effects (Dedoncker et al. 2021). The current case series details the effects of 6 weeks of self-administered tDCS paired with behavioral therapy smartphone app (using Flow™), on depressive and anxiety symptoms, in seven patients (26-51y; 5 female) presenting distinctive neuropsychiatric disorders. The stimulation protocols consisted of 30min daily sessions, for 10 working days (two weeks from Monday-to-Friday; Protocol 1) or 15 consecutive workdays (three weeks from Monday-to-Friday; Protocol 2), followed by twice-weekly sessions for 2 or 3 weeks, respectively (18 or 21 sessions in total). Flow™ uses a current intensity of 2mA, targeting the bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The app offers virtually guided sessions of behavioral therapy to be completed during stimulation which are not mandatory. At baseline and week 6 of treatment, we assessed depressive symptoms using MADRS-s and BDI-II, anxious symptoms using STAI-Trait, acceptability using ACCEPT-ETCC, and side effects using the Portuguese translation of the Thair et al. questionnaire (Thair et al. 2017). According to the Reliable Change Index (RCI), clinically reliable changes were found in symptoms of depression in 4 patients using MADRS-s (out of 7; RCI: -1.44 to -4.82; 90% CI) and in 3 patients using BDI-II (out of 4; RCI: -3.61 to -6.18; 90% CI). For anxiety symptoms, we found clinically reliable improvement in 4 patients (out of 5; RCI: -1.79 to -8.64; 90% CI). Stimulation was well tolerated and accepted (M=87.71, SD=4.92), with mild tingling sensation and scalp discomfort being the most common side effects. This case series highlights the applicability, acceptance, and promising results of combined home-based tDCS and app-based psychological interventions for the treatment of depression and anxiety symptoms.
BI-FRONTAL tDCS CAN IMPROVE FACIAL EMOTION RECOGNITION IN MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER: AN EXPLORATORY PILOT STUDY$$$ The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) plays a pivotal role in both depressive symptoms and emotional processing. Recently, transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) applied over the DLPFC hold promises to alleviate clinical symptoms in patients with MDD. However, only a few studies investigated the effect of tDCS on emotional processing whereas antidepressant drugs are known to improve such deficits in patients with MDD. Here, we investigated the effect of DLPFC-tDCS a facial emotion recognition task (FER) in patients with MDD. In a randomized sham-controlled study, 40 patients with treatment-resistant MDD received a single session (30 min) of either active (2 mA, n=18) or sham tDCS (n=17). The anode was placed over the left and the cathode over the right DLPFC, respectively. FER was assessed before and after the stimulation session. After active tDCS, we observed an overall improvement in FER performance as compared with sham tDCS. The beneficial effect seemed mainly drive by an improved recognition of Sad faces. No significant effect of the sham stimulation was observed. The session was well tolerated. Although exploratory, these results suggest that a single session of tDCS may improve social cognition in patients with MDD. Further studies are needed to replicate these results and investigate whether this acute improvement of FER in response to tDCS could translate into clinical benefits as observed with antidepressant drugs.
REAL WORLD TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR MAJOR DEPRESSION IN FRANCE: A MULTISITE, NATURALISTIC, RETROSPECTIVE STUDY$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) was approved in 2008 by the US FDA. Meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials have confirmed its efficacy in the treatment of depression. However, real-world outcomes of rTMS remain understudied. We aimed to study how TMS therapy used to treat depression is delivered in routine clinical practice in France, and to measure its effectiveness and potential moderators of this effectiveness. Methods: Five French centers provided data on patients treated with TMS for resistant depression between January 2015 and December 2020. We included patients who were assessed by a heteroquestionnaire and had a baseline and immediate post treatment assessment. We performed univariate analyses to investigate which factors were significantly associated with the efficacy of TMS. Next, we included age, sex, and significant factors in a multivariate model. Results: 435 patients were included; 66% of individuals with depression were female and 26% had bipolar depression. Stimulation was delivered with four different stimulation parameters: 1Hz (7% of individuals), 10Hz (43%), 50Hz (38%), and 20Hz (12%). TMS resulted in a significant decrease in MADRS (Delta=9.47 (8.73, MW Stat. 150319.5, p<0.001) with a large effect size (CLES=0.79). The mean improvement was 33% (SD=31%). Response and remission rates were 31% and 23%, respectively. In multivariate analysis, improvement in depressive symptoms was associated with higher baseline symptoms. Conclusion: TMS is effective in routine clinical practice. Response prediction and personalized targeting could improve its effectiveness.
ACCELERATED dTMS IN THE ELDERLY DEPRESSED: PRELIMINARY INSIGHTS ON SAFETY, TOLERABILITY AND APPLICABILITY$$$ Background: Following encouraging results of our (Dardenne et al. 2018) pilot study with Accelerated High Frequency repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) using a figure of eight coil in the elderly depressed, we started a more adapted randomized control trial (ClinicalTrials.gov) for this specific population with use of the H1 helmet coil for accelerated deep TMS (adTMS). Methods: At time point T0 subjects are randomized (1:1) to either 20 sessions of real adTMS or sham. The sessions are spread over four succeeding days (5 sessions daily) with a stimulation intensity of 120% of the subject's resting MT, at a frequency of 18 Hz. Each dTMS repetition includes 2-sec. pulse trains separated by 20-sec inter-train intervals. Patients receive 55 trains, for a total of 1980 pulses per session. This makes 9900 pulses/day, and in total 39600 pulses per treatment. After each adTMS (real or sham) day, patients score a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) about feeling any inconvenience. If such is the case, they can report any possible side-effect as well. Participants are also assessed for treatment-related adverse events (AE) by questionnaire on each time point. Results: None of the first participants included (3 female, 1 male) dropped-out. For adTMS the VAS for discomfort values were never elevated above 50 mm, and AE questionnaires reported only (n=2) transient headache (rated as 'almost not' and 'sometimes'). Conclusion: Our preliminary observations indicate that adTMS was well tolerated and was safe to be used in elderly depressed patients.
PLACEBO AND (UN)SPECIFIC EFFECTS OF TMS$$$ Placebo effect is an inescapable element of nearly all treatment interventions used in health care. Nonetheless, some health conditions as well as some treatment interventions are more susceptible to its effects. In that sense, it has been repeatedly argued that a large portion of responses to various interventions used for the treatment of depressive disorder can be attributed to placebo effects. However, these portions vary significantly as expectations, formed around more or less subtle cues about care setting, change. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (hereinafter TMS) has some unique and rather distinct features when compared with other usual treatment interventions (as psychoactive medication, that is, antidepressants). The placebogenic effect TMS has been widely discussed, both in research and clinical context, however still without any kind of firm conclusions. Here we present a series of cases in which response to TMS was unusual and unexpected. We use these outlier cases to map out and disentangle possible specific and unspecific effects that total treatment setting in general and TMS in particular yielded. Further on, practical issues and challenges related to controlling the placebo effects in care settings are discussed. As placebo is inevitable, and we might add critical, part of treatment interventions within the realm of mental health, in care settings it should be carefully harvested, so that it serves our patients and us for better and not for the worse.
Erratum: Determining the Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Depression and Anxiety in Methadone Consumers: A Randomized Controlled (Addictive Disorders and their Treatment (2021) 20 (141-145) DOI: 10.1097/ADT.0000000000000234)$$$ In article by Naeim et al in the June issue of Addictive Disorders Their Treatment, the Results section was written incorrectly. The research findings section, central indices, and dispersion indices, such as mean and standard deviation were used. For inferential analysis, analysis of covariance and significance level of 0.05 were used. To observe the assumptions of the analysis of covariance, the results of Levene's andBox's M tests were examined. The mentioned analyzes were performed using SPSS software version 22. To correct this data, the Results section is republished via this erratum.
Two rTMS sessions per week: a practical approach for treating major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction Depression is one of the leading causes of disability in the world, and a disease that contributes greatly to the global burden of disease. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has proven to be a well-tolerated, effective treatment for depression. The present study was designed to evaluate the efficacy of an rTMS treatment scheme with a fewer number of sessions per week. Methods In total 91 adult university students with major depressive disorder (MDD). This was a double-blind, randomized clinical trial in which 15 sessions of rTMS were given to each one of two treatment groups made up of adults with active MDD. One treatment group received two sessions per week, the other received five. The study protocol included their respective sham rTMS groups. The patients who received active rTMS also participated in a follow-up procedure that consisted of two sessions of active rTMS per month for three more months. Results Measurements by the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) showed that the groups which received active rTMS had higher percentages of antidepressant response at 96 and 95.5% for five and two sessions/week, respectively, compared to the sham rTMS groups: 27.3 and 4.5% for five and two sessions/week, respectively. Observations at the end of the 3-month follow-up phase showed that the improvements in HAMD scores were maintained in both groups. Conclusion This study contributes to demonstrating that rTMS with a more practical schedule of two sessions/week is an effective antidepressant treatment that could be considered the first choice for managing symptoms of depression.
Home-Based Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for the Treatment of Symptoms of Depression and Anxiety in Temporal Lobe Epilepsy: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ We conducted a double-blind randomized clinical trial in order to examine the effects and the safety of home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on depressive and anxious symptoms of patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). We evaluated 26 adults with TLE and depressive symptoms randomized into two different groups: active tDCS (tDCSa) and Sham (tDCSs). The patients were first submitted to 20 sessions of tDCS for 20 min daily, 5 days a week for 4 weeks and then received a maintenance tDCS application in the research laboratory once a week for 3 weeks. The intensity of the current was 2 mA, applied bilaterally over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, with the anode positioned on the left side and the cathode on the right side. Participants were evaluated on days 1, 15, 30, and 60 of the study using the Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI). A follow-up evaluation was performed 1 year after the end of treatment. They were also evaluated for quality of life and for anxious symptoms as secondary outcomes. The groups did not differ in clinical, socioeconomic or psychometric characteristics at the initial assessment. There was no statistically significant difference between groups regarding reported adverse effects, seizure frequency or dropouts. On average, between the 1st and 60th day, the BDI score decreased by 43.93% in the active group and by 44.67% in the Sham group (ΔBDIfinal – initial = −12.54 vs. −12.20, p = 0.68). The similar improvement in depressive symptoms observed in both groups was attributed to placebo effect and interaction between participants and research group and not to tDCS intervention per se. In our study, tDCS was safe and well tolerated, but it was not effective in reducing depressive or anxiety symptoms in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy. Clinical Trial Registration: [ClinicalTrials.gov], identifier [NCT03871842].
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Alzheimer’s Disease Based on Apolipoprotein E Genotyping: Protocol for a Randomized Controlled Study$$$ To date, there is a shortage of effective treatment strategies for Alzheimer’s disease (AD), and although repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can improve AD cognitive function, there are obvious individual differences, which may be related to different apolipoprotein E (APOE) genotypes. As the risk and pathogenesis of AD varies greatly among different genotypes precise treatment strategies should be implemented depending upon genotype, which has not been proved by clinical studies. Apart from that, the published clinical studies are highly heterogeneous, and therefore, systematic and well-developed randomized controlled Trails (RCT) and demonstration of precise administration protocols are required. To verify this hypothesis, this project designed a RCT study, and randomly divided apoE4 carrier AD and non-carrier AD into high-frequency rTMS (HF-rTMS) or low-frequency rTMS (LF-rTMS) treatment groups. Specifically, 80 patients with AD, namely 48 APOE4 carriers and 32 non-APOE4 carriers will be included in the study. After that, based on different stimulation frequencies of rTMS, they will be divided into the HF-rTMS group and the LF-rTMS group, when patients with AD will be randomly assigned to different treatment groups. After AD patients are involved in the study, their memory, cognition, anxiety, depression and activities of daily living will be tested before and during 2 weeks of rTMS. Furthermore, peripheral blood will be collected before and after treatment to detect changes in pathological indexes via MSD platform (Meso Scale Discovery), while 32-channel EEG data will be also collected to detect and analyze changes in gamma oscillation. In addition, these patients will be followed up for 6 months and their neuropsychological scale was also evaluated every month. At present, our study has included 18 AD patients (10 APOE4 carriers; 8 non-carriers). Our study is still in progress. The grouping has not been unblinded. But the preliminary data demonstrated that non-carriers had better MoCA score improvement than APOE4 carriers. The results indicated that the two populations of AD patients should be treated differently. Thus, this project will provide direction for precision rTMS in AD and also promotes a shift in relevant treatment philosophy. Clinical Trial Registration: [www.ClinicalTrials.gov], identifier [ChiCTR2100041625].
What works for mental health problems in youth? Survey of real-world experiences of treatments and side effects$$$ Aim: Despite youth being the most common age group for onset of mental disorders, there is less knowledge on the benefits and harms of treatments in young people. In addition, efficacy data from randomized controlled trials may not generalize to how treatment works outside of research settings. This study aimed to investigate young people's perceived effectiveness of different treatments for mental health problems, the professionals who delivered these, and the experience of negative effects. Methods: We developed a consumer report website where young people who were ever diagnosed with a mental disorder provided ratings on the helpfulness or harmfulness of different types of professionals, mental health treatments (medical, psychological complementary/alternative) and self-help strategies, and whether they had experienced particular negative effects. Results: Here, 557 young people aged 12–25 years, who were recruited from English-speaking, high-income countries, provided 1258 ratings of treatments. All treatments showed varied perceptions of effectiveness. Medical and psychological treatments were rated moderately helpful on average with low rates of harmfulness. Self-help strategies were rated as being as helpful as professional treatments. Side effects related to the head or mind (e.g., concentration difficulties, inability to feel emotions, depression and irritability) were the most common across all types of medicines. For psychological treatments, treatment being too expensive and feeling worse at the end of a session were the most commonly reported negative effects. Conclusions: Study findings may be a useful guide to clinicians, researchers, young people and their families about what is likely to work in real-world settings.
Fractional anisotropy measurements of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for therapeutic response assessment after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis patients suffering from depression$$$ Background: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a major cause of neurological disability in adults. Depression is one of the most common psychiatric comorbidities in MS patients with negative impact on patients’ quality of life. The aim of the study is to evaluate the role of diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) in monitoring the therapeutic response after high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) versus selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) therapy for relapsing remitting multiple sclerosis (RRMS) patients presenting with depression by measuring the factional anisotropy of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) before and after treatment and also to assess the treatments’ impact on patients’ cognitive functions and depression. Results: Fractional anisotropy (FA) only increased in rTMS group (0.44 ± 0.03 pre-rTMS vs 0.53 ± 0.05 post-rTMS, P < 0.001), but there were no significant changes in the SSRI group (0.44 ± 0.04 pre-SSRIs vs 0.45 ±.37 post-SSRIs, P = 0.072). Both rTMS and SSRI groups showed significant clinical improvement in Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Paced Auditory Serial Addition Test (PASAT) after either intervention (17.6 ± 3.25 pre-rTMS vs 10.6 ± 1.89 post-rTMS and 23 ± 6.36 pre-rTMS vs 24.87 ± 6.6 post-rTMS, respectively, P < 0.001; 17.67 ± 3.15 pre-SSRIs vs 0.6 ± 1.84 post-SSRIs and 23.8 ± 6.45 pre-SSRIs vs 25.07 ± 7.02 post-SSRIs, respectively, P < 0.001). Conclusion: DTI is an ideal non-invasive tool for examining white matter integrity and can detect microstructural changes in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex after rTMS and SSRI therapies for patients with MS and depression. FA increased only with rTMS denoting positive alteration in white matter microstructure. Both rTMS and SSRIs were equally effective in improving depression and cognition.
Effects of non-invasive brain stimulation in children and young people with psychiatric disorders: a protocol for a systematic review$$$ Background: Most psychiatric disorders have their onset in childhood or adolescence, and if not fully treated have the potential for causing life-long psycho-social and physical sequelae. Effective psychotherapeutic and medication treatments exist, but a significant proportion of children and young people do not make a full recovery. Thus, novel, safe, brain-based alternatives or adjuncts to conventional treatments are needed. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques which have shown clinical benefits in adult psychiatric conditions. However, in children and young people their efficacy is not well established. The objective of this study will be to systematically evaluate the evidence on clinical effects of NIBS in children and young people with psychiatric disorders, assessing disorder-specific symptoms, mood and neurocognitive functions. Methods: We designed and registered a study protocol for a systematic review. We will include randomised and non-randomised controlled trials and observational studies (e.g. cohort, case-control, case series) assessing the effects of NIBS in children and young people (aged ≤ 24 years old) for psychiatric disorders. The primary outcome will be reduction of disorder-specific symptoms. Secondary outcomes will include effects on mood and cognition. A comprehensive search from database inception onwards will be conducted in MEDLINE, EMBASE and PsycINFO. Grey literature will be identified through searching multiple clinical trial registries. Two reviewers will independently screen all citations, full-text articles and abstract data. The methodological quality of the studies will be appraised using appropriate tools. We will provide a narrative synthesis of the evidence and according to heterogeneity will conduct an appropriate meta-analysis. Additional analyses will be conducted to explore the potential sources of heterogeneity. Discussion: This systematic review will provide a broad and comprehensive evaluation of the evidence on clinical effects of NIBS in children and young people with psychiatric disorders. Our findings will be reported according to the PRISMA guidelines and will be of interest to multiple audiences (including patients, researchers, healthcare professionals and policy-makers). Results will be published in a peer-reviewed journal. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42019158957.
Analgesic Effects of Navigated Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Patients With Acute Central Poststroke Pain$$$ Introduction: Central poststroke pain (CPSP) develops commonly after stroke, which impairs the quality of life, mood, and social functioning. Current pharmacological approaches for the treatment of CPSP are not satisfactory. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive technique which has been recommended for the treatment of chronic CPSP. However, few studies have evaluated the analgesic effects of rTMS in patients with acute neuropathic pain after stroke. Methods: We evaluated the analgesic effects of rTMS applied over the upper extremity area of the motor cortex (M1) in patients with acute CPSP. Forty patients were randomized to receive either rTMS (10 Hz, 2000 stimuli) (n = 20) or a sham intervention (n = 20) for 3 weeks. The Numeric Rating Scale (NRS), Short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire-2 (SF-MPQ-2, Chinese version), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A), Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D), brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels, and motor-evoked potentials (MEP) were analyzed at baseline, 3 days, 1 week, 2 weeks, and 3 weeks. Results: Significant treatment–time interactions were found for pain intensity. Compared with the sham group, the NRS and SF-MPQ-2 scores were significantly lower on the seventh day of treatment in the rTMS group (P < 0.001, Cohen’s d = 1.302) (P = 0.003, Cohen’s d = 0.771), and this effect lasted until the third week (P = 0.001, Cohen’s d = 0.860) (P = 0.027, Cohen’s d = 0.550). The HAM-A and HAM-D scores did not change in the rTMS group when compared with the sham group (P = 0.341, Cohen’s d = 0.224) (P = 0.356, Cohen’s d = 0.217). The serum BDNF levels were significantly higher in the treated group (P = 0.048, Cohen’s d = −0.487), and the resting motor threshold (RMT) decreased by 163.65%. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that rTMS applied over the upper extremity area of the motor cortex can effectively alleviate acute CPSP, possibly by influencing cortical excitability and serum BDNF secretion. Trial Registration: This trial is registered with Clinical Trial Registry of China: Reg. No. ChiCTR-INR-17012880.
Accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation (aTMS) to treat depression with treatment switching: study protocol of a pilot, randomized, delayed-start trial$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a technique for stimulating brain activity using a transient magnetic field to induce an electrical current in the brain producing depolarization of focal groups of brain cells. TMS is a protocol approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in routine clinical practice as a treatment for depression. A major limitation of rTMS is the large amount of time taken for a standard protocol (38 min a day for 20–30 working days). The optimal type and duration of TMS are still uncertain, as is the optimal strategy for continuing or changing the type of rTMS if there is a poor initial response. Objectives: The trial aims to assess whether a 1-week compressed course of left dorsolateral prefrontal (L DLPFC) 5 Hz accelerated rTMS (aTMS) treatment is as effective as an established 4-week course of non-accelerated rTMS and if additional 5 Hz L DLPFC aTMS treatments will be efficacious in non-responders as compared to 1 Hz right DLPFC aTMS treatment. Methods: A randomized, single-blind, delayed-start trial was planned to commence in Jan 2020. A total of 60 patients will be enrolled from the Institute of Mental Health Singapore within a 2-year period and randomized into the early or delayed-start phase of the trial. The primary outcome of the trial is the improvement of Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating scale at the end of the active treatment phase. Discussion: If this study protocol proves to be effective, the findings of this trial will be updated to the College of Psychiatrists, Academy of Medicine Singapore, as well as published in a peer-reviewed journal to enhance local and international TMS treatment guidelines. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT03941106.
The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for young individuals with high-level perceived stress: study protocol for a randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: High level of perceived stress may result in negative effects both psychologically and physically on individuals and may predispose onset of mental disorders such as depression, anxiety, and posttraumatic stress disorder. However, there is no suitable intervention for it. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) studies have shown its therapeutic efficacy in treatment resistant patients with stress-related disorders. Here we describe an exploratory study protocol to investigate the effect of the intervention for the individuals with high level of stress. Method: This is a single blinded, randomized sham-controlled trial, targeting at young healthy adults aging from 18 to 24 years old. Forty eligible volunteers will be recruited and randomly divided into active and sham rTMS group. All subjects will take a set of neuropsychological and biological assessments and MRI scanning before and right after the intervention. During the interventional period, 12-session stimulations will be performed in 4 weeks with three sessions per week. The primary outcome will detect the difference of Chinese 14-item perceived stress scales between active and sham rTMS groups after intervention. Secondary outcomes will examine the differences of other affective measurements, level of cortisol, and MRI-derived neural functional measures between the two groups after intervention. Discussion: This trial aims to examine the effect of the 12-session rTMS intervention on individuals with high level of perceived stress. Positive or negative findings from any of the outcome measures would further our understanding of the efficacy of the stimulation and its neural impact. If effective, it would provide an evidence for a new treatment for high perceived stress. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (ChiCTR1900027662). Registered on 23 November 2019. And all items of the WHO Trial Registry Data set can be found within the protocol.
Adjunctive Nonconvulsive Electrotherapy for Patients with Depression: a Systematic Review$$$ The efficacy and safety of adjunctive nonconvulsive electrotherapy (NET) for patients with depression are undetermined. This systematic review was conducted to examine the efficacy and safety of adjunctive NET for patients with depression. Chinese (WanFang and Chinese Journal Net) and English (PubMed, EMBASE, PsycINFO and the Cochrane Library) databases were systematically searched from their inception until Jan 27, 2021 by three independent investigators. One randomized controlled trial (RCT) with 3 treatment arms (n = 108) and two observational studies (single-group, before-after design, n = 31) were included. In the RCT, the antidepressant efficacy of NET on depression was similar to that of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) (P > 0.05) but with significantly fewer neurocognitive impairments as measured by the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) (P < 0.05). In two observational studies, the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) scores decreased significantly from baseline to post-NET (all Ps < 0.05), without adverse neurocognitive effects. In the RCT, adverse drug reactions (ADRs) were not separately reported among the 3 treatment arms but a similar rate of discontinuation was reported. The currently available limited evidence from 3 studies suggests that NET as an adjunctive treatment may be a safe, well-tolerated, effective therapy for depression without serious neurocognitive impairments.
Reduction of impulsivity in patients receiving deep transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for obesity$$$ Purpose: Aims of the present study were to investigate a wide array of psychological symptoms through validated psychometric tests, before and after 5 weeks of deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (dTMS) in individuals with obesity, and to identify possible relationships with neuroendocrine parameters. Methods: Forty-five patients with obesity (33 F, 12 M; age 48.8 ± 9.9 years; body wt 97.6 ± 14.2 Kg; BMI 36.2 ± 4.2) were randomized into two groups: 26 received high frequency (HF) dTMS and 19 Sham stimulation for 5 weeks. At baseline and after the 5-week treatment, all patients underwent the following psychometric evaluations: Food Cravings Questionnaire-Trait (FCQ-T) and its subscales, Barratt Impulsiveness Scale-11 (BIS-11), State and Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI-y1 and STAI-y2), and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Hormonal and neuroendocrine markers were assessed at the first and last dTMS session. Results: By adjusting for baseline variables and treatment arms, a significant decrease in body wt and BMI was found in HF group, both with univariate (p = 0.019) and multivariate analyses (p = 0.012). Impulsivity significantly decreased in HF group, both with univariate (p = 0.031) and multivariate analyses (p = 0.011). A positive association between the impulsivity score change and the leptin level variation (p = 0.031) was found. Conclusion: The decrease of impulsivity together with the BMI reduction in individuals with obesity, treated with real stimulation, suggests that impulsivity may be a risk factor for obesity. Treatment with dTMS revealed to be effective in reducing both BMI and impulsivity by enhancing inhibitory capacity of Pre-Frontal Cortex (PFC), and modulating neuroendocrine system, especially leptin.
Treatment of mixed depression with theta-burst stimulation (TBS): results from a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial$$$ Mixed depression is probably different in terms of clinical course and response to treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is well established in non-mixed depression, and theta-burst stimulation (TBS) protocol is replacing conventional protocols because of noninferiority and reduced delivery time. However, TBS has not been adequately studied in mixed states. This study was a double-blind, six-week, sham-controlled, and randomized clinical trial of bilateral TBS targeting the right and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, respectively. Adults with bipolar and major depressive disorder experiencing an acute mixed depression were eligible if they had not benefited from a first- or second-line treatment for acute unipolar or bipolar depression recommended by the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments. Out of 100 patients included, 90 composed modified intention-to-treat sample, which was patients that completed at least one week of the intervention. There were no significant differences in Montgomery-Asberg depression rating scale score changes (least squares mean difference between groups at week 3, −0.06 [95% CI, − 3.39 to 3.51; P = 0.97] in favor of sham TBS). Response and remission rates per MADRS were also not statistically different among active and sham groups (35.7% vs. 43.7%, and 28.5% vs. 37.5% respectively at week 6, ps > 0.51). No other analyses from baseline to weeks 3 or 6 revealed significant time x group interaction or mean differences among groups in the mITT sample. Bilateral TBS targeting the DLPFC is not efficacious as an add-on treatment of acute bipolar and unipolar mixed depression. ClinicalTrials.govIdentifier: NCT04123301.
The efficacy of Tuina with herbal ointment for patients with post-stroke depression: study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a common complication after stroke which hinders functional recovery and return to social participation of stroke patients. Efficacy of conventional drug therapies for patients with PSD is still uncertain. Therefore, many patients prefer to use complementary and alternative therapies for PSD. Tuina (traditional Chinese manual manipulation) with herbal ointment is an integration of manual therapy, and ointment is an important part of traditional Chinese medicine (TCM) therapy. Preliminary experiments have shown that the Tuina with herbal ointment can improve the mental state of patients with PSD. The purpose of this study is to observe and verify the efficacy of Tuina combined with herbal ointment for patients with post-stroke depression, and to lay a foundation for further research on its mechanism of action. Methods/design: In this study, a randomized controlled trial will be conducted in parallel, including two intervention groups: Tuina with herbal ointment group and herbal ointment for control group. A total of 84 eligible participants will be randomly assigned to the groups in a 1:1 ratio. All participants will receive conventional antidepressant venlafaxine treatment (75 mg QD), on which they received two different interventions. The interventions for both groups will be carried out 5 times each week for a period of 2 weeks. The primary outcome will be the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD). Secondary outcomes will include transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), as well as 36-item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36) and Treatment Emergent Symptom Scale (TESS). They will be assessed at the baseline, at the end of the intervention (2 weeks), and during the 1 month and 3 months of follow-up by repeated measures analysis of variance. The significance level is 5%. Adverse events will be monitored at each visit to assess safety. All outcomes will be assessed and analyzed by researchers blinded to the treatment allocation. The purpose of this study will focus on observing the efficacy of Tuina with herbal ointment for patients with post-stroke depression, and to explore further the mechanisms of its effects. Discussion: This study may evaluate clinical application value and safety of Tuina with herbal ointment in PSD patients, which can provide basis for clinical research and mechanism exploration of PSD. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry ChiCTR2000033887. Registered on 15 June 2020. Dissemination: The results will be published in peer-reviewed journals and disseminated through the study’s website and conferences.
Drug addiction: from bench to bedside$$$ Drug addiction is responsible for millions of deaths per year around the world. Still, its management as a chronic disease is shadowed by misconceptions from the general public. Indeed, drug consumers are often labelled as “weak”, “immoral” or “depraved”. Consequently, drug addiction is often perceived as an individual problem and not societal. In technical terms, drug addiction is defined as a chronic, relapsing disease resulting from sustained effects of drugs on the brain. Through a better characterisation of the cerebral circuits involved, and the long-term modifications of the brain induced by addictive drugs administrations, first, we might be able to change the way the general public see the patient who is suffering from drug addiction, and second, we might be able to find new treatments to normalise the altered brain homeostasis. In this review, we synthetise the contribution of fundamental research to the understanding drug addiction and its contribution to potential novel therapeutics. Mostly based on drug-induced modifications of synaptic plasticity and epigenetic mechanisms (and their behavioural correlates) and after demonstration of their reversibility, we tried to highlight promising therapeutics. We also underline the specific temporal dynamics and psychosocial aspects of this complex psychiatric disease adding parameters to be considered in clinical trials and paving the way to test new therapeutic venues.
Comparative efficacy and cognitive function of magnetic seizure therapy vs. electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) has established efficacy in the treatment of depression and a growing evidence base in the treatment of depression. We conducted the first systematic review and meta-analysis of the efficacy of MST in anti-depressive treatment and its impact on cognitive function (INPLASY registration number: INPLASY202170061). We searched for controlled trials published in English between 1 January 2001 to 31 December 2020 in PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, Web of Science, and PsycINFO databases. The evaluation process strictly followed the Cochrane bias risk assessment tool into the literature, and Meta-analysis was performed according to the Cochrane System Reviewer’s Manual. Data from a total of 285 patients from 10 studies were retained in the quantitative synthesis. The results showed no significant difference between MST and ECT in the antidepressant effect (SDM −0.13 [−0.78;0.52]). Compared with ECT, MST showed shorter recovery time (MD −5.67 [−9.75; −1.60]) and reorientation time (MD −14.67 [−27.96; −1.41]); and MST showed less cognitive impairment on the immediate recall of words (SDM 0.80 [0.35;1.25]), delayed recall of words (SDM 0.99 [0.01;0.74]), visual-spatial immediate memory (SDM 0.51 [0.20;0.83]), visual-spatial delayed memory (SDM 0.57 [0.11;1.02]), and the verbal fluency (SDM 0.51 [0.20;0.83]). Our evidence-based study is the first meta-analysis on the efficacy of MST in anti-depressive treatment and its effect on cognitive function. It showed that the curative effect of MST in anti-depressive treatment is equivalent to that of ECT. Besides, depressive patients with MST benefit more from cognitive function compared with ECT.
Predictors and moderators of outcome of psychotherapeutic interventions for mental disorders in adolescents and young adults: protocol for systematic reviews$$$ Background: Adolescence and young adulthood is a risk period for the emergence of mental disorders. There is strong evidence that psychotherapeutic interventions are effective for most mental disorders. However, very little is known about which of the different psychotherapeutic treatment modalities are effective for whom. This large systematic review aims to address this critical gap within the literature on non-specific predictors and moderators of the outcomes of psychotherapeutic interventions among adolescents and young adults with mental disorders. Methods: The protocol is being reported in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis Protocols (PRISMA-P) Statement. PubMed and PsycINFO databases will be searched for randomized controlled and quasi-experimental/naturalistic clinical trials. Risk of bias of all included studies will be assessed by the Mixed Methods Appraisal Tool. The quality of predictor and moderator variables will be also assessed. A narrative synthesis will be conducted for all included studies. Discussion: This systematic review will strengthen the evidence base on effective mental health interventions for young people, being the first to explore predictors and moderators of outcome of psychotherapeutic interventions for a wide range of mental disorders in young people. Systematic review registration: PROSPERO CRD42020166756.
Transcranial direct current stimulation combined with robotic training in incomplete spinal cord injury: a randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial$$$ Study design: A randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial. Objective: To test the effects of tDCS, combined with robotic training, on gait disability in SCI. Our hypothesis was that participants who received active tDCS would experience greater walking gains, as indexed by the WISCI-II, than those who received sham tDCS. Setting: University of São Paulo, Brazil. Methods: This randomized, double-blind study comprised 43 participants with incomplete SCI who underwent 30 sessions of active (n = 21) or sham (n = 22) tDCS (20 min, 2 mA) before every Lokomat session of 30 min (3 times a week over 12 weeks or 5 times a week over 6 weeks). The main outcome was the improvement in WISCI-II. Participants were assessed at baseline, after 15 and 30 sessions of Lokomat, and after three months of treatment. Results: There was a significant difference in the percentage of participants that improved in WISCI-II at the 30-session, compared with baseline: 33.3% in the sham group and 70.0% in the active group (p = 0.046; OR: 3.7; 95% CI: 1.0–13.5). At the follow-up, the improvement compared with baseline in the sham group was 35.0% vs. 68.4% for the active group (p = 0.046; OR: 3.7; 95% CI: 1.0–13.5). There was no significant difference at the 15-session. Conclusion: Thirty sessions of active tDCS is associated with a significant improvement in walking, compared to sham. Moreover, 15 sessions had no significant effect. The improvement in WISCI-II can be related to different aspects of motor learning, including motor recovery and compensation.
The effect of bilateral tDCS over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the cognitive abilities of men with opioid use disorder under methadone therapy: A sham-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background/aim: Opioid use disorder (OUD) can have negative impact on cognitive functions. This study aims to evaluate the effect of bilateral transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) over the right/left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on the cognitive abilities of OUD men. Methods: This study is a double-blind sham-controlled randomized clinical trial with a pretest/posttest design. Participants were 31 men with OUD living in Zanjan, Iran, assigned to three groups of left anode/right cathode tDCS, right anode/left cathode tDCS, and sham tDCS. The two active groups received tDCS (2 mA) at 10 sessions each for 10–20 min. The Cognitive Abilities Questionnaire (CAQ) in Persian was used to measure their cognitive abilities before and after intervention. Collected data were analyzed in SPSS v.22 software. Results: Bilateral DLPFC stimulation resulted in a significant improvement in cognitive flexibility, planning, decision making, inhibitory control/selective attention, and memory of patients in the two active tDCS groups, while the sham tDCS had no significant effect on their cognitive abilities. Conclusion: Bilateral tDCS over DLPFC, as an effective and complementary treatment, can improve the cognitive abilities of men with OUD. Trial registration: This study is a double-blind sham-controlled clinical trial (Parallel, IRCT20170513033946N5. Registered 19 Jan 2019, https://en.irct.ir/trial/36081).
Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) and International Society for Bipolar Disorders (ISBD) recommendations for the management of patients with bipolar disorder with mixed presentations$$$ Objectives: The 2018 Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) and International Society for Bipolar Disorders (ISBD) guidelines provided clinicians with pragmatic treatment recommendations for bipolar disorder (BD). While these guidelines included commentary on how mixed features may direct treatment selection, specific recommendations were not provided—a critical gap which the current update aims to address. Method: Overview of research regarding mixed presentations in BD, with treatment recommendations developed using a modified CANMAT/ISBD rating methodology. Limitations are discussed, including the dearth of high-quality data and reliance on expert opinion. Results: No agents met threshold for first-line treatment of DSM-5 manic or depressive episodes with mixed features. For mania + mixed features second-line treatment options include asenapine, cariprazine, divalproex, and aripiprazole. In depression + mixed features, cariprazine and lurasidone are recommended as second-line options. For DSM-IV defined mixed episodes, with a longer history of research, asenapine and aripiprazole are first-line, and olanzapine (monotherapy or combination), carbamazepine, and divalproex are second-line. Research on maintenance treatments following a DSM-5 mixed presentation is extremely limited, with third-line recommendations based on expert opinion. For maintenance treatment following a DSM-IV mixed episode, quetiapine (monotherapy or combination) is first-line, and lithium and olanzapine identified as second-line options. Conclusion: The CANMAT and ISBD groups hope these guidelines provide valuable support for clinicians providing care to patients experiencing mixed presentations, as well as further influence investment in research to improve diagnosis and treatment of this common and complex clinical state.
Confirmatory Efficacy and Safety Trial of Magnetic Seizure Therapy for Depression (CREST-MST): study protocol for a randomized non-inferiority trial of magnetic seizure therapy versus electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is well-established and effective for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), but in Canada and the USA, less than 1% of patients with TRD receive ECT mainly due to its cognitive adverse effects (i.e. amnesia). Thus, new treatment alternatives for TRD are urgently needed. One such treatment is magnetic seizure therapy (MST). ECT involves applying a train of high-frequency electrical stimuli to induce a seizure, whereas MST involves applying a train of high-frequency magnetic stimuli to induce a seizure. Methods: In this manuscript, we introduce our international, two-site, double-blinded, randomized, non-inferiority clinical trial to develop MST as an effective and safe treatment for TRD. This trial will compare the efficacy of MST to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse width electroconvulsive therapy (RUL-UB-ECT) with a combined primary endpoint of remission of depression and superior cognitive adverse effects in 260 patients with TRD. Amelioration of suicidal ideation will be assessed as a secondary endpoint. Inpatients or outpatients, over 18 years of age with a MINI International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) diagnosis of non-psychotic major depressive disorder (MDD) can be enrolled in the study provided that they meet illness severity and full eligibility criteria. Participants are randomized to receive MST or RUL-UB ECT, 2-3 days per week over seven weeks, or a maximum of 21 treatments. The study will involve before-, during-, and after-treatment assessments of depression severity, suicidal ideation, subjective side-effects, and cognitive performance consistent with an intent-to-treat study design approach. Discussion: Positive results from this trial could have an immediate and tremendous impact for patients with TRD. If MST demonstrates comparable antidepressant treatment efficacy to ECT, but with greater cognitive safety, it could rapidly be adopted into clinical practice. Indeed, given that the administration of MST is nearly identical to ECT, the majority of ECT facilities in North America could readily adopt MST. Furthermore, the potential for cognitive safety could lead to improved treatment acceptability. Healthcare providers, patients and care partners, and policymakers would therefore demand this form of convulsive therapy. Trial status: Enrollment for this study began on June 26, 2018, and is estimated to complete recruitment by July 2024. At the time of submission, we have enrolled and randomized 117 participants. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03191058, Registered on June 19, 2017. Primary sponsor: Daniel Blumberger (DMB), Principal Investigator Daniel.Blumberger@camh.ca, 416-535-8501 x 33662 Contact for public queries: DMB, Daniel.Blumberger@camh.ca Contact for scientific queries: ZJD, Zdaskalakis@health.ucsd.edu.
Effect of medication therapy combined with transcranial direct current stimulation on depression and response inhibition of patients with bipolar disorder type I: a clinical trial$$$ Objective: Bipolar Disorder (BD) is one of the most common mental disorders associated with depressive symptoms and impairment in executive functions such as response inhibition. This study aimed to investigate the effectiveness of medication therapy combined with Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on depression and response inhibition of patients with BD. Method: This is a double-blinded randomized clinical trial with pretest, posttest, and follow-up design. Participants were 30 patients with BD randomly assigned to two groups of Medication+tDCS (n = 15, receiving medications plus tDCS with 2 mA intensity over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 10 days, two sessions per day each for 20 min) and Medication (n = 15, receiving mood stabilizers including 2–5 tables of 300 mg (mg) lithium, 200 mg sodium valproate, and 200 mg carbamazepine two times per day). Pretest, posttest and 3-month follow-up assessments were the 21-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and a Go/No-Go test. Collected data were analyzed in SPSS v.20 software. Results: The mean HDRS score in both groups was reduced after both interventional techniques, where the group received combined therapy showed more reduction (P < 0.01), although their effects were not maintained after 3 months. In examining response inhibition variable, only the combined therapy could reduce the commission error of patients under a go/no-go task (p < 0.05), but its effect was not maintained after 3 months. There was no significant difference in the group received medication therapy alone. Conclusion: Medication in combination with tDCS can reduce the depressive symptoms and improve the response inhibition ability of people with BD. Trial registration: This study was registred by Iranian Registry of Clinical Trials (Parallel, ID: IRCT20191229045931N1, Registration date: 24/08/2020).
Cost-utility analysis of esketamine and electroconvulsive therapy in adults with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has long been used for treating individuals with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Esketamine has recently emerged as a new treatment for TRD due to its rapid antidepressant effects. To further inform the decision regarding choice of treatment, this paper aims to evaluate whether ECT or esketamine is the more cost-effective option. Methods: The cost-effectiveness was derived as cost per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY) using a Markov model from a societal and life-time perspective. The incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) was calculated. Health states included different depression and remission states and death. Data to populate the model was derived from randomised controlled trials and other research. Various sensitivity analyses were carried out to test the robustness of the model. Results: The base case scenario shows that ECT is cost-effective compared to esketamine and yields more QALYs at a lower cost. The sensitivity analysis shows that ECT is cost-effective in all scenarios and ECT dominates esketamine in 12 scenarios. Conclusions: This study found that, from a cost-effectiveness point of view, ECT should be the first-hand option for individuals with TRD, when other first line treatments have failed. Considering the lack of economic evaluation of ECT and esketamine, this study is of great value to decision makers.
Antidepressant efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in antidepressant-nonresponding bipolar depression: a single-blind randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: To examine the antidepressant efficacy and response predictors of R-DLPFC-LF rTMS for antidepressant-nonresponding BD. Methods: We conducted a single-blind randomized sham-controlled trial for 54 (28 sham, 26 active) patients with antidepressant-nonresponding BD (baseline MADRS ≥ 20). Patients received 15 daily sessions of active or sham neuronavigated rTMS (Figure-of-8 coil, five 1 Hz 60 s 110% RMT trains). Outcome measures included depressive response (≥ 50% MADRS reduction, CGI ≤ 2) and remission (MADRS < 7, CGI = 1) rates, treatment emergent hypo/mania (YMRS), depressive and anxiety symptoms (HAM-A). Results: 48 patients (25 sham, 23 active) completed treatment, with 3 drop-outs each in active and sham groups. Active rTMS did not produce superior response or remission rates at endpoint or 6 or 12 weeks (ps > 0.05). There was no significant group * time interaction (ps > 0.05) in a multivariate ANOVA with MADRS, HAMA and YMRS as dependent variables. Exploratory analysis found MADRS improvement to be moderated by baseline anxiety (p = 0.02) and melancholia (p = 0.03) at week 3, and depressive onset at weeks 6 (p = 0.03) and 12 (p = 0.04). In subjects with below-mean anxiety (HAMA < 20.7, n = 24), MADRS improvement from active rTMS was superior to sham at week 3 (ITT, t = 2.49, p = 0.04, Cohen’s d = 1.05). No seizures were observed. Groups did not differ in treatment-emergent hypomania (p = 0.1). Limitations: Larger sample size might be needed to power subgroup analyses. Moderation analyses were exploratory. Single-blind design. Unblinding before follow-up assessments due to ethical reasons. Conclusions: 1-Hz 110% RMT (5 × 60 s trains) R-DLPFC-LF rTMS was not effective for antidepressant non-responding BD but may be further investigated at increased dosage and/or in BD patients with low anxiety. Trial registration CCRB Clinical Trials Registry, CUHK, CUHK_CCT00440. Registered 04 December 2014, https://www2.ccrb.cuhk.edu.hk/registry/public/279.
Habitual caffeine consumption moderates the antidepressant effect of dorsomedial intermittent theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background: Potentiating current antidepressant treatment is much needed. Based on animal studies, caffeine may augment the effects of currently available antidepressants. Objective: Here, we tested whether habitual caffeine consumption moderates the antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS). Methods: Forty patients with current depressive episodes were randomized to active iTBS (n = 19) or sham treatment (n = 21; shielded side of the coil and weak transcutaneous electrical stimulation) delivered two times per day for 10–15 weekdays. Neuronavigated stimulation was applied to the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex. Symptom improvement was measured using change in self-reported Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores. Pretreatment habitual caffeine consumption was quantified using self-reports of number of cups of coffee and energy drinks consumed the 2 days before the treatment starts. Results: Habitual caffeine consumption was associated with symptom improvement following active iTBS (r = 0.51, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.08–0.78, p = 0.025) but not following sham treatment (r = −0.02, 95% CI: −0.45 to 0.42, p = 0.938). A multiple regression analysis corroborated the findings by showing a significant caffeine consumption × treatment group interaction (β = 0.62, p = 0.043), but no main effects of treatment group (β = 0.22, p = 0.140) or caffeine consumption (β = −0.01, p = 0.948). No group differences in pretreatment symptom scores or caffeine consumption were detected (p values > 0.86). Conclusion: Habitual caffeine consumption moderated the antidepressant effect of dorsomedial iTBS, consistent with caffeine improving antidepressant pharmacological treatments in animals. Caffeine is an antagonist of adenosine receptors and may enhance antidepressant effects through downstream dopaminergic targets.
Is transcranial direct current stimulation, alone or in combination with antidepressant medications or psychotherapies, effective in treating major depressive disorder? A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown mixed results for depression treatment. The efficacies of tDCS combination therapies have not been investigated deliberately. This review aims to evaluate the clinical efficacy of tDCS as a monotherapy and in combination with medication, psychotherapy, and ECT for treating adult patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) and identified the factors influencing treatment outcome measures (i.e. depression score, dropout, response, and remission rates). Methods: The systematic review was performed in PubMed/Medline, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Web of Sciences, and OpenGrey. Two authors performed independent literature screening and data extraction. The primary outcomes were the standardized mean difference (SMD) for continuous depression scores after treatment and odds ratio (OR) dropout rate; secondary outcomes included ORs for response and remission rates. Random effects models with 95% confidence intervals were employed in all outcomes. The overall effect of tDCS was investigated by meta-analysis. Sources of heterogeneity were explored via subgroup analyses, meta-regression, sensitivity analyses, and assessment of publication bias. Results: Twelve randomised, sham-controlled trials (active group: N = 251, sham group: N = 204) were included. Overall, the integrated depression score of the active group after treatment was significantly lower than that of the sham group (g = − 0.442, p = 0.017), and further analysis showed that only tDCS + medication achieved a significant lower score (g = − 0.855, p < 0.001). Moreover, this combination achieved a significantly higher response rate than sham intervention (OR = 2.7, p = 0.006), while the response rate remained unchanged for the other three therapies. Dropout and remission rates were similar in the active and sham groups for each therapy and also for the overall intervention. The meta-regression results showed that current intensity is the only predictor for the response rate. None of publication bias was identified. Conclusion: The effect size of tDCS treatment was obviously larger in depression score compared with sham stimulation. The tDCS combined selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors is the optimized therapy that is effective on depression score and response rate. tDCS monotherapy and combined psychotherapy have no significant effects. The most important parameter for optimization in future trials is treatment strategy.
Confirmatory Efficacy and Safety Trial of Magnetic Seizure Therapy for Depression (CREST-MST): protocol for identification of novel biomarkers via neurophysiology$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), especially for acute suicidal ideation, but the associated cognitive adverse effects and negative stigma limit its use. Another seizure therapy under development is magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which could potentially overcome the restrictions associated with ECT with similar efficacy. The neurophysiological targets and mechanisms of seizure therapy, however, remain poorly understood. Methods/design: This neurophysiological study protocol is published as a companion to the overall Confirmatory Efficacy and Safety Trial of Magnetic Seizure Therapy for Depression (CREST-MST) protocol that describes our two-site, double-blind, randomized, non-inferiority clinical trial to develop MST as an effective and safe treatment for TRD. Our aim for the neurophysiological component of the study is to evaluate two biomarkers, one to predict remission of suicidal ideation (primary outcome) and the other to predict cognitive impairment (secondary outcome). Suicidal ideation will be assessed through cortical inhibition, which according to our preliminary studies, correlates with remission of suicidal ideation. Cortical inhibition will be measured with simultaneous transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and electroencephalography (EEG), TMS-EEG, which measures TMS-evoked EEG activity. Cognitive adverse effects associated with seizure therapy, on the contrary, will be evaluated via multiscale entropy analysis reflecting the complexity of ongoing resting-state EEG activity. Discussion: ECT and MST are known to influence cortical inhibition associated with depression, suicidal ideation severity, and clinical outcome. Therefore, evaluating cortical inhibition and brain temporal dynamics will help understand the pathophysiology of depression and suicidal ideation and define new biological targets that could aid clinicians in diagnosing and selecting treatments. Resting-state EEG complexity was previously associated with the degree of cognitive side effects after a seizure therapy. This neurophysiological metric may help clinicians assess the risk for adverse effects caused by these useful and effective treatments. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.govNCT03191058. Registered on June 19, 2017.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of cocaine addiction: A systematic review$$$ Long-term cocaine use is associated with cognitive deficits and neuro-psychiatric patholo-gies. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging therapeutic strategy relating to changes in brain activity. It stimulates the prefrontal cortex and is involved in inhibitory cognitive control, decision making and care. This systematic review aims to evaluate and synthesize the evidence on the safety, effectiveness, and cost-effectiveness of rTMS for the treatment of cocaine ad-diction. A systematic review of the literature was carried out. The following electronic databases were consulted from inception to October 2020: MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and Web of Science. Randomised controlled trials, non-randomised controlled trials and case-series and full economic evaluations were included. Twelve studies were included. No identified study reported data on cost-effectiveness. Significant results of the efficacy of TMS have been observed in terms of the reduction of craving to consume and the number of doses consumed. No serious adverse effects have been observed. Despite the low quality of the studies, the first results were observed in terms of reduction of cocaine use and craving. In any case, this effect is considered moderate. Studies with larger sample sizes and longer follow-ups are required.
The role of ventromedial and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in attention and interpretation biases in individuals with general anxiety disorder (GAD): A tDCS study$$$ Background: and purpose of the study: Individuals with general anxiety disorder (GAD) have deficits in emotional and cognitive processing, including cognitive bias, which plays a causal role in anxiety. Hyperactivity of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is assumed to be involved in cognitive bias. We aimed to explore the causal contribution of the dorsolateral and ventromedial prefrontal cortices (dlPFC, vmPFC) on cognitive bias via non-invasive brain stimulation, and expected a bias-reducing effect of cortical activity enhancement over these areas in GAD, with a larger contribution of the vmPFC to perceptual, and of the dlPFC to interpretation bias. Material and methods: The study was conducted in a randomized, single-blinded, and complete crossover design. Thirty-four adults with GAD, received transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in 5 separate sessions (1.5 mA, 20 min) with the following electrode montages: anodal dlPFC/cathodal vmPFC, anodal vmPFC/cathodal dlPFC, anodal dlPFC/cathodal right shoulder, anodal vmPFC/cathodal left shoulder, and sham stimulation. During stimulation, in each session, participants performed the Dot-Probe and Reading Mind from Eyes tests to measure attention and interpretation biases. Results: A significant effect of stimulation condition on attention and interpretation biases was observed. Anodal vmPFC and dlPFC stimulation coupled with an extracranial cathodal electrode reduced attention bias to threat-related stimuli in the dot-probe test. Furthermore, anodal dlPFC/cathodal vmPFC stimulation reduced negative interpretation bias in reading from eyes test. Conclusion: As suggested by the results of this study, both dlPFC and vmPFC are involved in cognitive bias in GAD, but with partially different roles. Anodal stimulation over the right vmPFC and the left dlPFC reduced attention bias, supporting the relevance of these areas for attention bias. For interpretation bias, the significant effect of anodal dlPFC/cathodal vmPFC stimulation, but only trendwise effect of anodal tDCS over the dlPFC combined with an extracephalic return electrode is in accordance with a predominant effect of the dlPFC on interpretation bias, but does not rule out an additional minor involvement of the vmPFC. Based on these results, a new model is suggested for the neural underpinnings of anxiety symptoms.
Efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation on global cognition and neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment: A meta-analysis and systematic review$$$ Background: Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques have shown some promise in improving cognitive and neuropsychiatric symptoms (NPS) in people with Alzheimer's disease (AD) and its prodromal stage, mild cognitive impairment (MCI). However, data from clinical trials involving NIBS have shown inconsistent results. This meta-analysis investigated the efficacy of NIBS, specifically repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) compared to sham stimulation on global cognition and NPS in people with AD and MCI. Method: Multi-session randomized sham-controlled clinical trials were identified through MEDLINE, PsycINFO, and Embase until June 2021. Standardized mean difference (SMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI) between the active and sham treatments were calculated using random-effects meta-analyses. Included studies reported outcome measures for global cognition and/or NPS. Heterogeneity, from different NIBS techniques, disease populations, or tests used to assess global cognition or NPS, was measured using chi-square and I2, and investigated using subgroup analyses. Possible effects of covariates were also investigated using meta-regressions. Result: The pooled meta-analyses included 19 studies measuring global cognition (Nactive=288, Nsham=264), and 9 studies investigating NPS (Nactive=165, Nsham=140). NIBS significantly improved global cognition (SMD=1.14; 95% CI=0.49,1.78; p = 0.001; I2 = 90.2%) and NPS (SMD=0.82; 95% CI=0.13, 1.50; p = 0.019; I2 = 86.1%) relative to sham stimulation in patients with AD and MCI. Subgroup analyses found these effects were restricted to rTMS but not tDCS, and to patients with AD but not MCI. Meta-regression showed that age was significantly associated with global cognition response (Nstudies=16, p = 0.020, I2 = 89.51%, R2 = 28.96%), with larger effects sizes in younger populations. All significant meta-analyses had large effect sizes (SMD ≥0.8), suggesting clinical utility of NIBS in the short term. There remained substantial heterogeneity across all subgroup analyses and meta-regressions (all I2 > 50%). Egger's tests showed no evidence of publication biases. Conclusion: rTMS improved global cognition and NPS in those with AD. Further studies in MCI and using tDCS will help to fully evaluate the specific NIBS techniques and populations most likely to benefit on global cognition and NPS measures. Additional research should investigate the long term clinical utility of NIBS in these populations.
Optimizing cognitive-behavioral therapy for social anxiety disorder and understanding the mechanisms of change: Study protocol for a randomized factorial trial$$$ Background: Social anxiety disorder (SAD) is characterized by a marked fear of negative evaluation in social situations and significant impairments. Even with the most effective treatments, remission rates are around 50%. An important reason for the limited effectiveness of treatments is the lack of evidence-based explanation of how treatments work and what their active ingredients might be. An approach to unpack the active ingredients and mechanisms of treatment is the factorial design. Objectives: The study is a factorial trial aiming (1) to examine the main effects and interactions for the four main treatment components of internet-based cognitive-behavioral therapy (ICBT) for SAD (i.e., psychoeducation, cognitive restructuring, attentional training, and exposure) and (2) to examine whether and which change mechanisms mediate the relationship between treatment components and symptom reduction. Methods: A total of 464 adults diagnosed with SAD will be randomized to one of 16 conditions containing combinations of the treatment components. The primary endpoint is SAD symptomatology at eight weeks. Secondary endpoints include symptoms of depression and anxiety, quality of life, and negative effects. Hypothesized change mechanisms are the increase of knowledge about SAD, the decrease of dysfunctional cognitions, the decrease of self-focused attention, and the decrease of avoidance and safety behaviors. Discussion: A better understanding of the differential efficacy of treatment components and mechanisms of treatment underlying ICBT for SAD might inform clinicians and researchers to plan more potent and scalable treatments. Trial registration: clinicaltrials.gov (NCT04879641) on June, 11th 2021. https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04879641.
Physical Activity and the Health of Wheelchair Users: A Systematic Review in Multiple Sclerosis, Cerebral Palsy, and Spinal Cord Injury$$$ Objective: To understand the benefits and harms of physical activity in people who may require a wheelchair with a focus on people with multiple sclerosis (MS), cerebral palsy (CP), and spinal cord injury (SCI). Data Sources: Searches were conducted in MEDLINE, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health, PsycINFO, Cochrane CENTRAL, and Embase (January 2008 through November 2020). Study Selection: Randomized controlled trials, nonrandomized trials, and cohort studies of observed physical activity (at least 10 sessions on 10 days) in participants with MS, CP, and SCI. Data Extraction: We conducted dual data abstraction, quality assessment, and strength of evidence. Measures of physical functioning are reported individually where sufficient data exist and grouped as “function” where data are scant. Data Synthesis: No studies provided evidence for prevention of cardiovascular conditions, development of diabetes, or obesity. Among 168 included studies, 44% enrolled participants with MS (38% CP, 18% SCI). Studies in MS found walking ability may be improved with treadmill training and multimodal exercises; function may be improved with treadmill, balance exercises, and motion gaming; balance is likely improved with balance exercises and may be improved with aquatic exercises, robot-assisted gait training (RAGT), motion gaming, and multimodal exercises; activities of daily living (ADL), female sexual function, and spasticity may be improved with aquatic therapy; sleep may be improved with aerobic exercises and aerobic fitness with multimodal exercises. In CP, balance may be improved with hippotherapy and motion gaming; function may be improved with cycling, treadmill, and hippotherapy. In SCI, ADL may be improved with RAGT. Conclusions: Depending on population and type of exercise, physical activity was associated with improvements in walking, function, balance, depression, sleep, ADL, spasticity, female sexual function, and aerobic capacity. Few harms of physical activity were reported in studies. Future studies are needed to address evidence gaps and to confirm findings.
Long-term risk of developing dementia after electroconvulsive therapy for affective disorders$$$ Objectives: Severe depression is associated with an increased risk of developing dementia, however, whether treatment with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) modify this risk remains unknown. Methods: In this matched cohort study, 1089 consecutive in-patients with affective disorders, receiving ECT during the period 1982 to 2000, were matched with 3011 in-patients with affective disorders not treated with ECT (non-ECT), and 108,867 individuals randomly selected from the background population. The comparison cohorts were matched on sex, age, and the non-ECT cohort was further matched according to diagnoses and admission period and hospital. Dementia diagnoses were retrieved from the national patient health registry. Analyses were adjusted for disease severity, somatic, and psychiatric comorbidities. Results: The cumulative incidence of dementia was 13.45% (10.75-16.46%) in the ECT cohort after 34 years of follow-up, 10.53% (8.5-12.81%) in the non-ECT cohort, and 8.43% (8.17-8.7%) in the background cohort. Using the ECT cohort as reference and age as the underlying time scale, the adjusted hazard ratio of developing dementia was 0.73 (0.52-1.04) in the non-ECT cohort and 0.61 (0.49-0.76) in the background cohort. The stratified analysis based on age at index (<65 years; 65-80 years; >80 years) found no age-related difference in the risk of developing dementia between the ECT cohort and non-ECT cohort. Conclusions: The ECT treatment of affective disorders was not associated with an increased long-term risk of developing dementia compared with in-patients with affective disorders not treated with ECT.
Commentary on techniques to relieve pain associated with botulinum injections for palmar and plantar hyperhidrosis$$$ In this issue of Dermatologic Surgery, Nasser and colleagues1 provide a comprehensive overview of the modalities available to diminish pain associated with botulinum toxin (BTX) injections for treatment of palmoplantar hyperhidrosis (HH). Limited by cost and tolerability, BTX injections are used for HH once patients have failed other modalities such as topical therapies and/or iontophoresis. As discussed in the article, one major limitation of injection therapy, particularly in heavily innervated areas such as the palms and soles, is the significant associated pain experienced by patients during the procedure. When treating palmoplantar hyperhidrosis, sub-dermal injections are placed in a grid-like fashion on the palms and soles, requiring between 20 and 40 injections per hand or foot. And although a variety of efforts have been used to reduce pain during injection, there is a lack of consensus and quality of evidence for these methods. Most publications in the medical literature are expert opinions and studies with severe limitations, as opposed to prospective, randomized, controlled trials. In this article, the authors highlight the pros and cons of each pain control method including the degree of invasiveness, duration of postprocedure impairment, local adverse side effects, time necessary to achieve anesthesia, and requirement of prior training. A reasonable approach for a practitioner is to first implement a less invasive method such as cooling and/or topical anesthesia. If this does not result in adequate pain control for a patient, a more invasive method may be pursued such as a nerve block or Bier's block (which would require significant prior training).
P.0723 Correlation between static and dynamic impedance in bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy and further identification of influential factors$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered the most effective treatment in psychiatry, with particular efficacy in the major psychoses (depression, mania, schizophrenia, catatonia). Stimulation parameters have been continuously improved to increase efficacy and reduce side effects. However, specifics and influences on certain stimulation parameter configurations as well as pre-stimulation preparations are still not fully understood. One of these factors is the impedance, which is measured using a test current prior to stimulation. This initial “static impedance” represents a cumulative approximation of patient properties such as skin and eventually skull and brain as well as properties of the preparation of the skin and adhesion of the stimulation electrodes. During the actual stimulation with the brief alternating pulses (“double dose setting” of the Thymatron ® IV), the so-called “dynamic impedance” is measured during the stimulation. As the charge applied during stimulation is being linked to cognitive side effects, therapists aim at using the lowest possible charge required to evoke a “sufficient” seizure, characterized by factors such as optimal duration, high amplitude and interhemispheric coherence and the postictal suppression index. Therefore, preparation of the skin to keep impedance low is important (other assumed factors such as skull thickness, and other aspects from subcutis to brain cannot be influenced by the therapist). However, the exact relationship between static and dynamic impedance and the influence of other factors has not been studied extensively. Therefore, we retrospectively collected a relatively large dataset from a single centre with longstanding standardized procedures in ECT application, skin preparation and anaesthesia to investigate the relationship between static impedance (which can be measured before stimulation) and dynamic impedance (which is relevant during the actual stimulation). Overall 963 ECT treatments, conducted between May 2012 and March 2020 in 78 randomly selected patients, were included in the analysis. Treatment was performed using a Thymatron® IV-System with bifrontal electrode positioning using Thymapad® electrodes. The seizure was characterized using the usual quality measurements based on EEG recordings as provided by the Thymatron® system, but not EMG. Anaesthesia was done using mostly Disoprivane, often complemented with Remifentanyl. In certain cases, Etomidate was used. Caffeine (200 mg) was used on a case-by-case basis to increase the duration of the seizure. Stimulation intensity at the start of a treatment series was estimated using an age-based method. Statistical analysis was done using linear mixed models to identify significant factors influencing the relationship between static and dynamic impedance. Static impedance was the strongest predictor of dynamic impedance and highly correlated (Spearman Rho = 0.76). Higher age and female sex increased dynamic impedance. Disoprivane as compared to etomidate as anaesthetic had a weak but significant dose-dependent effect on dynamic impedance. Dynamic impedance was not associated with the duration of the resulting seizure, but only with the amplitude and power of the seizure. In summary, these data point to the relevance of a good preparation of the skin prior to the stimulation to keep the static impedance as low as possible to induce a seizure. No conflict of interest
P.0694 Pharmacological approach to psychotic depression: a retrospective study of antidepressant and antipsychotic use in a psychiatry ward$$$ Introduction: The occurrence of hallucinations or delusions in depression, known as psychotic depression, is a severe presentation of the disease. Delusions are usually mood congruent and typically present as delusions of guilt, hypochondria, impoverishment, persecutory or with nihilistic content. Worse prognosis mood-incongruent delusions may also occur. Psychotic symptoms can present throughout the whole spectrum of depressive symptoms [1]. There is still a lack of consensus in guidelines, reflecting in clinical practice, as most clinicians until recent years avoided prescribing antipsychotics for psychotic depression. Nowadays it is known that the combination of antidepressants and antipsychotics is more effective than either one on its own. Moreover, psychotic depression is a underdiagnosed condition, limiting effective and incisive treatment, and failure to respond to previous adequate treatment results in a reduced chance of response to subsequent treatment [2]. We aimed to study the pharmacological approach to psychotic depression in our ward during the last five years, drawing conclusions about what is being done in our hospital. Methods: We collected data from patients admitted to our ward from January 2016 to December 2020 with psychotic depression (recurrent or single episode), ICD 9 - 296.34, 296.24, ICD-10 - F33.3, F33.2. We performed a retrospective analysis of demographic data and therapeutic approach. Statistical analysis was performed with SPSS software (version 27). Psychotropics were considered to have an antidepressant or antipsychotic effect according to the minimum effective dose established by current guidelines. Results: A total of 73 patients were admitted with the diagnosis of psychotic depression, 61,6% (n=45) were diagnosed with recurrent depression and 38,4% (n=28) with a single depressive episode. 60,3% female (n=44) and 39,7% male (n=29). The median age was 62 years (varying from 26 years to 90 years). 63% had previous admissions to our hospital (n=46), with a median of 2 previous admissions. Median duration of current admission was 22 days. Most patients were discharged with a combination of antidepressant and antipsychotic (72,5%, n=53). 11% were discharged with antidepressant alone (n=8), 11% with antipsychotic alone (n=8) 4,1% with antipsychotic, antidepressant and mood stabilizer (n=3) and 1,4% with antipsychotic and mood stabilizer (n=1). SSRI were more commonly prescribed (35,6%, n=26)., followed by clomipramine (26%, n=19) and venlafaxine (20,5%, n= 15). 23 patients (32,5%) were treated with more than one antidepressant, with mirtazapine being the most common combination (n=19). Patients under antipsychotics were moslty discharged with atypical antipsychotics (90,8%, n=69). 13,7% of patients (n=10) also underwent electroconvulsive therapy. Discussion: Psychotic depression is a serious condition, with most patients being treated with a combination of antidepressant and antipsychotic and 13.7% undergoing electroconvulsive therapy. The limitations of this study include: I) small sample size. II) possible errors in diagnosis codification, III) some antipsychotics were used in doses that augment the treatment of depression but do not exert a significant antipsychotic effect. There is a need for more randomized controlled trials in order to provide stronger recommendations for guidelines and achieve greater consensus. No conflict of interest
P.0894 Reducing between-subject variability of motor evoked potential's amplitude: neuronavigation vs normalization$$$ Introduction: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) has several different applications, including the assessment of cortical excitability in humans in vivo. When applied over the motor cortex, TMS pulses result in muscle responses that can be recorded with electromyography (EMG) as Motor Evoked Potentials (MEPs). MEPs have been widely explored as potential biomarkers for neuropsychiatric disorders [1,2]. However, their inherent variability, as well as high methodological heterogeneity across research groups, has led to problems of reproducibility. Methodologic differences such as inter-pulse interval (IPI), filtering parameters and coil placement strategies play an important role in inducing high variability. Furthermore, use of neuronavigation has been claimed to assure precise coil positioning [3], thus potentially decreasing variability. Here, we aim to explore the effect of neuronavigation in between-subject variability and, inspired by EMG literature [4], further test if MEP normalization will also reduce the variability of MEP amplitude. Methods: Twenty healthy participants were recruited at Champalimaud Centre for the Unknown, Lisbon, Portugal and tested in neuronavigated and non-neuronavigated cohorts, matched for age and gender. Forty TMS single-pulses were applied at 120% resting motor threshold in random IPIs (6-10s) over the left motor cortex of the First Dorsal Intraosseous. MEPs were recorded using an in-house EMG system. Before MEP measurements, participants were asked to perform Maximal Voluntary Isometric Contractions (MVICs). MEP peak-to-peak amplitude was normalized following two different strategies: external reference normalization using MVICs and internal reference normalization using maximum peak-to-peak, MEP maximum and MEP absolute maximum. For each strategy, MEP peak-to-peak amplitude per subject was defined as the average of 30 randomly selected MEPs. Then, coefficients of variation (CV) were calculated for each method in both cohorts. Following a bootstrapping paradigm, through iterative re-sampling of 30 MEPs per subject, repeated 5000, a distribution of CVs per method in each cohort was obtained, thus allowing for the statistical comparison of between-subject variability. Within-subject variability was also assessed in the neuronavigated cohort using intra-class correlation coefficient (ICC) for data from two separate sessions performed, on average, 6 weeks apart. Results:Ten right-handed participants (50% female) were included in each cohort. Mean age was 28.5 ± 8.9 and 29.4 ± 9.9 for the non-neuronavigated and neuronavigated cohorts, respectively. In the absence of normalization, the 95% confidence intervals (CI) of the CVs for the non-neuronavigated and neuronavigated cohorts were [0.870,0.872] and [0.670,0.671], respectively. While normalization using an external reference did not reduce CV, internal reference normalization, in particular maximum peak-to-peak, reduced the CV in both non-neuronavigated ([0.468,0.469]) and neuronavigated cohorts ([0.339,0.340]). However, within-subject variability within the neuronavigated cohort improved only slightly when comparing the absence of normalization (ICC = 0.65) to normalization using maximum peak-to-peak (ICC = 0.68) and MEP absolute maximum (ICC = 0.78, respectively). Other normalization methods reduced the reliability of the measures. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that neuronavigation and normalization reduce between-subject variability of MEP amplitude, especially when used together. Additionally, normalization may reduce within-subject variability improving the reliability of the measure. Additional data is necessary to explore the use of normalized MEPs as potential biomarkers in neuropsychiatric disorders. Conflict of interest Disclosure statement: AJO-M was national coordinator for Portugal of a non-interventional study (EDMS-ERI-143085581, 4.0) to characterize a Treatment-Resistant Depression Cohort in Europe, sponsored by Janssen-Cilag, Ltd (2019-2020), is recipient of a grant from Schuhfried GmBH for norming and validation of cognitive tests, and is national coordinator for Portugal of trials of psilocybin therapy for treatment-resistant depression, sponsored by Compass Pathways, Ltd (EudraCT number 2017-003288-36 and 2020-001348-25), and of esketamine for treatment-resistant depression, sponsored by Janssen-Cilag, Ltd (EudraCT NUMBER: 2019-002992-33). None of the aforementioned agencies had a role in the design and conduct of the study, in the collection, management, analysis, and interpretation of the data, in the preparation, review, or approval of the abstract, nor in the decision to submit the abstract. The remaining authors have declared that they have no potential conflicts of interest involving this work, including relevant financial activities outside the submitted work and any other relationships or activities that readers could perceive to have influenced, or that give the appearance of potentially influencing what is written.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with severe depression: A study protocol for systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials$$$ Introduction Depression is characterised by easy recurrence, high disability and high burden, and antidepressant therapy is the standard treatment. However, its treatment effect on patients with severe depressive disorder has been unsatisfactory. Previous studies have shown that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), as a neurotherapy, can effectively mitigate the severity of depressive symptoms. Yet, more evidence is still required for TMS to treat severe depression. This study will be the first systematic review of the efficacy and tolerability of TMS for treating severe depression. We expect it to guide future clinical practice of TMS for the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Methods and analysis We will search for the randomised controlled trial (RCT) involving rTMS for treating depression in eight electronic databases, including PubMed, Web of Science, EMBASE, the Cochrane Library and Wanfang Database, from publication up to September 2021. We will define Improvement in depressive symptoms, the difference between pretreatment (baseline) and post-treatment as the primary outcomes. The difference between pretreatment and post-treatment changes in resting state fMRI will be regarded as the secondary outcomes. Quality assessment of the included articles will be independently performed according to the Cochrane Risk of Bias tool. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval is not essential because there is no need to collect individual patient data. And this study will be published in a peer-reviewed journal. Trial registration number CRD42020211460.
Electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression: What is new?$$$ Despite major advances in the treatment of mood disorders, major depression, a common mental disorder, remains a serious public health problem. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) regardless of the anesthetic agent used, is the most effective form of treatment in major depression and the gold standard therapy in treatment resistant depression. Ketamine is one of the anesthetic drugs approved by the Αmerican Psychiatric Association Task Force Report for use in ECT. However, it has been used infrequently as an anesthetic in ECT. The initial reports suggested that ketamine has antidepressant properties resulting in rapid antidepressant response when administered in subanesthetic dose (0.5 mg/kg) in slow intravenous injection in patients suffering from depression. In recent trials has been reported that ketamine as the only anesthetic or as an adjunctive to another anesthetic agent may enhance the antidepressant effect of ECT either by increasing efficacy or by producing a rapid antidepressant response. ECT with ketamine may also cause less cognitive side effects. The most notable limitations of these studies are the small number of patients enrolled and several methodological differences (patients characteristics, electrode placements, titration method, anesthetic agent used with ketamine). The results of the clinical trials have been summarized in six meta-analysis and suggest that ketamine when used as a sole anesthetic agent or as an adjunctive anesthetic in ECT may accelerates the antidepressant response but does not augment ECT efficacy. It also does not improve the cognitive profile of the treatment. Larger, double-blind randomized controlled trial are needed for a definite conclusion.
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on early motor recovery in acute stroke-a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive, portable, easy to use and relatively inexpensive equipment to modulate cortical excitability. Neuromodulation by tDCS enhances synaptic plasticity. Use of tDCS in the acute period post stroke could improve brain plasticity and result in better motor recovery. Aim: Measure the effects of tDCS on functional and sensory outcomes throughout the first year post onset of stroke. Methods: 40 acute stroke patients were randomized and placed into either the treatment or sham group. Anodal tDCS was applied (2 mA, 20 min) 5 times a week during the first month post stroke. Patients were evaluated with the Wolf Motor Function Test, the Semmes Weinstein Monofilament Test, the Upper Extremity section (UEFM), the Lower Extremity section (LEFM) and the Somatosensory section of the Fugl Meyer Test, the Tardieu Spasticity Scale, the Stroke Impact Scale (SIS), the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the Barthel Index. Evaluations were held at 48 h post stroke, week 1, 2, 3, 4, 3 months, 6 months and 1 year. Results: There were statistically and clinically significant improvements after tDCS in all functional motor outcomes, and somatosensory functions. Differences between both groups for the main outcome (WMFT time) were 51% (p = 0.04) at one month, and 57% (p = 0.02) at one year. Conclusion: tDCS seems to be an effective adjuvant to conventional rehabilitation techniques. If applied in the acute stages of stroke, functional recovery is not only accelerated, but improved, and results are maintained up to one-year post stroke.
Interventions for the management of abdominal pain in Crohn's disease and inflammatory bowel disease$$$ Background: Crohn's disease is a remitting and relapsing disorder that can affect the whole gastrointestinal tract. Active disease symptoms include abdominal pain, fatigue, weight loss, and diarrhoea. There is no known cure; however, the disease can be managed, and therefore places a huge financial burden on healthcare systems. Abdominal pain is a common and debilitating symptom of Crohn's and other inflammatory bowel diseases (IBDs), and is multifaceted. Abdominal pain in Crohn's disease could be a symptom of disease relapse or related to medication adverse effects, surgical complications and strictures or adhesions secondary to IBD. In the absence of these factors, around 20 to 50% of people with Crohn's in remission still experience pain. Objectives: To assess the efficacy and safety of interventions for managing abdominal pain in people with Crohn's disease and IBD (where data on ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease could not be separated). Search methods: We searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, three other databases, and clinical trials registries on 29 April 2021. We also searched the references of trials and systematic reviews for any additional trials. Selection criteria: All published, unpublished, and ongoing randomised trials that compared interventions for the management of abdominal pain in the setting of Crohn's disease and IBD, with other active interventions or standard therapy, placebo, or no therapy were included. We excluded studies that did not report on any abdominal pain outcomes. Data collection and analysis: Five review authors independently conducted data extraction and 'Risk of bias' assessment of the included studies. We analysed data using Review Manager 5. We expressed dichotomous and continuous outcomes as risk ratios and mean differences with 95% confidence intervals. We assessed the certainty of the evidence using GRADE methodology. Main results: We included 14 studies (743 randomised participants). Five studies evaluated participants with Crohn's disease; seven studies evaluated participants with IBD where the data on ulcerative colitis and Crohn's disease could not be separated; and two studies provided separate results for Crohn's disease participants. Studies considered a range of disease activity states. Two studies provided intervention success definitions, whilst the remaining studies measured pain as a continuous outcome on a rating scale. All studies except one measured pain intensity, whilst three studies measured pain frequency. Withdrawals due to adverse events were directly or indirectly reported in 10 studies. No conclusions could be drawn about the efficacy of the majority of the interventions on pain intensity, pain frequency, and treatment success, except for the comparison of transcranial direct current stimulation to sham stimulation. The certainty of the evidence was very low in all but one comparison because of imprecision due to sparse data and risk of bias assessed as unclear or high risk. Two studies compared a low FODMAP diet (n=37) to a sham diet (n=45) in IBD patients. The evidence on pain intensity was of very low certainty (MD -12.00, 95% CI -114.55 to 90.55). One study reported pain intensity separately for CD participants in the low FODMAP group [n=14, mean(SD)=24 (82.3)] and the sham group [n=12, mean(SD)=32 (69.3)]. The same study also reported pain frequency for IBD participants in the low FODMAP group [n=27, mean(SD)=36 (26)] and sham group [n=25, mean(SD)=38(25)] and CD participants in the low FODMAP group [n=14, mean(SD)=36 (138.4)] and sham group [n=12, mean(SD)=48 (128.2)]. Treatment success was not reported. One study compared a low FODMAP diet (n=25) to high FODMAP/normal diet (n=25) in IBD patients. The data reported on pain intensity was unclear. Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. One study compared medicine-separated moxibustion combined with acupuncture (n=51) versus wheat bran-separated moxibustion combined with shallow acupuncture (n=51) in CD patients. The data reported on pain intensity and frequency were unclear. Treatment success was not reported. One study compared mindfulness with CBT (n=33) versus no treatment (n=33) in IBD patients. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of this treatment on pain intensity and frequency (MD -37.00, 95% CI -87.29 to 13.29). Treatment success was not reported. One study compared soft non-manipulative osteopathic treatment (n=16) with no treatment besides doctor advice (n=14) in CD patients. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of this treatment on pain intensity (MD 0.01, 95% CI -1.81 to 1.83). Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. One study compared stress management (n=15) to self-directed stress management(n=15) and to standard treatment (n=15) in CD patients. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of these treatments on pain intensity (MD -30.50, 95% CI -58.45 to -2.55 and MD -34.30, 95% CI -61.99 to -6.61). Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. One study compared enteric-release glyceryl trinitrate (n=34) with placebo (n=36) in CD patients. The data reported on pain intensity was unclear. Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. One study compared 100 mg olorinab three times per day (n=8) with 25 mg olorinab three times per day (n=6) in CD patients. Pain intensity was measured as a 30% reduction in weekly average abdominal pain intensity score for the 100mg group (n=5) and the 25mg group (n=6). The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of this treatment on pain intensity (RR 0.66, 95% CI 0.38 to 1.15). Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. One study compared relaxation training (n=28) to a waitlist (n=28) in IBD patients. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of this treatment on pain intensity (MD -0.72, 95% CI -1.85 to 0.41). Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. One study compared web-based education (n=30) with a book-based education (n=30) in IBD patients. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of this treatment on pain intensity (MD -0.13, 95% CI -1.25 to 0.99). Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. One study compared yoga (n=50) with no treatment (n=50) in IBD patients. The data reported on treatment success were unclear. Pain frequency and intensity were not reported. One study compared transcranial direct current stimulation (n = 10) to sham stimulation (n = 10) in IBD patients. There may be an improvement in pain intensity when transcranial direct current is compared to sham stimulation (MD -1.65, 95% CI -3.29 to -0.01, low-certainty evidence). Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. One study compared a kefir diet (Lactobacillus bacteria) to no intervention in IBD patients and provided separate data for their CD participants. The evidence is very uncertain about the effect of this treatment on pain intensity in IBD (MD 0.62, 95% CI 0.17 to 1.07) and CD (MD -1.10, 95% CI -1.67 to -0.53). Treatment success and pain frequency were not reported. Reporting of our secondary outcomes was inconsistent. The most adverse events were reported in the enteric-release glyceryl trinitrate and olorinab studies. In the enteric-release glyceryl trinitrate study, the adverse events were higher in the intervention arm. In the olorinab study, more adverse events were observed in the higher dose arm of the intervention. In the studies on non-drug interventions, adverse events tended to be very low or zero. However, no clear judgements regarding adverse events can be drawn for any interventions due to the low number of events. Anxiety and depression were measured and reported at the end of intervention in only one study; therefore, no meaningful conclusions can be drawn for this outcome. Authors' conclusions: We found low certainty evidence that transcranial direct current stimulation may improve pain intensity compared to sham stimulation. We could not reach any conclusions on the efficacy of any other interventions on pain intensity, pain frequency, and treatment success. The certainty of the evidence was very low due to the low numbers of studies and participants in each comparison and clinical heterogeneity amongst the studies. While no serious or total adverse events were elicited explicitly with any of the treatments studied, the reported events were very low. The certainty of the evidence for all comparisons was very low, so no conclusions can be drawn.
Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Combined With Brief Exposure for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Prospective Multisite Randomized Trial$$$ Background: Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is both prevalent and debilitating. While deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) has shown preliminary efficacy, exposure therapy remains the most efficacious, though limited, treatment in PTSD. The medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) is implicated in extinction learning, suggesting that concurrent mPFC stimulation may enhance exposure therapy. In this randomized controlled multicenter trial, the efficacy and safety of mPFC dTMS combined with a brief exposure procedure were studied in patients with PTSD. Methods: Immediately following exposure to their trauma narrative, 125 outpatients were randomly assigned to receive dTMS or sham. Twelve sessions were administered over 4 weeks, with a primary end point of change in 5-week Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-5 score. This clinical study did not include biological markers. Results: Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-5 score improved significantly in both groups at 5 weeks, though the improvement was smaller in the dTMS group (16.32) compared with the sham group (20.52; p =.027). At 9 weeks, improvement continued in Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-5 score in both groups but remained smaller in dTMS (19.0) versus sham (24.4; p =.024). Conclusions: Both groups showed significant PTSD symptom improvement, possibly from the brief script-driven imagery exposure. While our design was unable to rule out placebo effects, the magnitude and durability of improvement suggest that repeated ultrabrief exposure therapy alone may be an effective treatment for PTSD, warranting additional study. The surprising and unexpected effect in the dTMS group also suggests that repeated mPFC stimulation with the H7 coil may interfere with trauma memory–mediated extinction. Our results provide new insight for dTMS approaches for possible future avenues to treat PTSD.
A Patient With Electroconvulsive Therapy-resistant Major Depressive Disorder With a Full Response to Heated Yoga: A Case Report$$$ Depression remains difficult to treat as a result of less than optimal efficacy and troublesome side effects of antidepressants. The authors present the case of a patient with treatment-resistant depression with melancholic features who had previously been unresponsive to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) plus an antidepressant regimen but whose condition fully remitted with the addition of a standardized form of heated hatha yoga (HY; Bikram yoga) practiced in a room heated to 105°F. The patient was a 28-year-old woman who underwent 8 weeks of HY as part of a randomized controlled trial of HY for depression while continuing her antidepressant treatment. The patient was asked to attend a minimum of 2 weekly, 90-minute HY classes. After 8 weeks (12 classes in total), the patient no longer met the criteria for a major depressive episode with melancholic features, per Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) criteria. Her depressive symptoms had improved dramatically, with Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology, Clinician-Rated (IDS-C30), and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D28) scores decreasing from 28 at baseline to 3, and from 28 at baseline to 4, respectively, indicating remission. This patient's ECT-resistant depression remitted with the addition of HY to her antidepressant regimen. Because of her youth and athleticism, this patient was likely well suited to this rigorous form of yoga. Further research is needed to explore HY as a potential intervention for treatment-resistant depression.
Commentary: Treatment-resistant Depression: Considerations Related to ECT and Ketamine$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) may be responsive to interventions beyond antidepressants including brain stimulation such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or to ketamine or esketamine, the latter of which is approved for TRD in an intranasal form. The 3 cases presented in this issue deal with an array of clinical considerations in treating patients with TRD, including the use of ECT in a patient with a history of liver transplantation, the use of heated yoga in a patient nonresponsive to ECT, and intranasal ketamine abuse in a patient with comorbid migraines. Gunther and colleagues described the case of a 73-year-old man who presented with a major depressive episode with psychotic features not responsive to medications 26 years after liver transplantation. Despite his past transplant and antirejection medications, the patient was cleared for ECT and received 9 bitemporal treatments with good response. Sakurai and colleagues reported the case of a 28-year-old woman with chronic TRD and multiple previous ECT treatments who had only a partial response to several antidepressants and maintenance ECT. She was evaluated and treated with a course of twice-weekly 90-minute heated yoga and experienced a remission of her depression. Finally, Rivas-Grajales and colleagues described a 52-year-old woman with recurrent TRD and chronic migraines who was receiving 2 antidepressants and migraine medication, who presented emergently with agitation and paranoia in the context of receiving intranasal ketamine from multiple providers, suggesting a pattern of misuse. Her symptoms abated despite her refusal of prescribed antipsychotics. These 3 cases highlight different challenges and complexities in treating patients with TRD. While ECT remains safe and effective, even in cases of organ transplantation, there is potential for the development of nonpharmacologic adjunctive treatments, such as heated yoga (which is under randomized study). And while eskatamine is an approved treatment for TRD, screening and ongoing monitoring is important to prevent misuse or abuse.
Electroconvulsive therapy for preventing relapse and recurrence in bipolar disorder$$$ Objectives: This is a protocol for a Cochrane Review (intervention). The objectives are as follows:. To assess the benefits and harms of ECT for preventing relapse and recurrence of affective episodes (depression, hypomania, mania or mixed state) in children, adolescents, adults, and older people diagnosed with bipolar disorder.
Future Therapeutic Strategies for Freezing of Gait in Parkinson’s Disease$$$ Freezing of gait (FOG) is a common and challenging clinical symptom in Parkinson’s disease. In this review, we summarise the recent insights into freezing of gait and highlight the strategies that should be considered to improve future treatment. There is a need to develop individualised and on-demand therapies, through improved detection and wearable technologies. Whilst there already exist a number of pharmacological (e.g., dopaminergic and beyond dopamine), non-pharmacological (physiotherapy and cueing, cognitive training, and non-invasive brain stimulation) and surgical approaches to freezing (i.e., dual-site deep brain stimulation, closed-loop programming), an integrated collaborative approach to future research in this complex area will be necessary to systematically investigate new therapeutic avenues. A review of the literature suggests standardising how gait freezing is measured, enriching patient cohorts for preventative studies, and harnessing the power of existing data, could help lead to more effective treatments for freezing of gait and offer relief to many patients.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and repetitive TMS in multiple sclerosis$$$ Multiple sclerosis (MS) is the most well-known autoimmune disorder of the central nervous system, and constitutes a major cause of disability, especially in young individuals. A wide array of pharmacological treatments is available, but they have often been proven to be ineffective in ameliorating disease symptomatology or slowing disease progress. As such, non-invasive and non-pharmacological techniques have been gaining more ground. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) utilizes the electric field generated by a magnetic coil to stimulate neurons and has been applied, usually paired with electroencephalography, to study the underlying pathophysiology of MS, and in repetitive trains, in the form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), to induce long-lasting changes in neuronal circuits. In this review, we present the available literature on the application of TMS and rTMS in the context of MS, with an emphasis on its therapeutic potential on various clinical aspects, while also naming the ongoing trials, whose results are anticipated in the future.
Accounting for symptom heterogeneity can improve neuroimaging models of antidepressant response after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Depression symptom heterogeneity limits the identifiability of treatment-response biomarkers. Whether improvement along dimensions of depressive symptoms relates to separable neural networks remains poorly understood. We build on work describing three latent symptom dimensions within the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and use data-driven methods to relate multivariate patterns of patient clinical, demographic, and brain structural changes over electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to dimensional changes in depressive symptoms. We included 110 ECT patients from Global ECT-MRI Research Collaboration (GEMRIC) sites who underwent structural MRI and HDRS assessments before and after treatment. Cross validated random forest regression models predicted change along symptom dimensions. HDRS symptoms clustered into dimensions of somatic disturbances (SoD), core mood and anhedonia (CMA), and insomnia. The coefficient of determination between predicted and actual changes were 22%, 39%, and 39% (all p <.01) for SoD, CMA, and insomnia, respectively. CMA and insomnia change were predicted more accurately than HDRS-6 and HDRS-17 changes (p <.05). Pretreatment symptoms, body-mass index, and age were important predictors. Important imaging predictors included the right transverse temporal gyrus and left frontal pole for the SoD dimension; right transverse temporal gyrus and right rostral middle frontal gyrus for the CMA dimension; and right superior parietal lobule and left accumbens for the insomnia dimension. Our findings support that recovery along depressive symptom dimensions is predicted more accurately than HDRS total scores and are related to unique and overlapping patterns of clinical and demographic data and volumetric changes in brain regions related to depression and near ECT electrodes.
Hesperetin ameliorates electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory impairment through regulation of hippocampal BDNF and oxidative stress in a rat model of depression$$$ Depression is one of the most common mental health disorders and it is generally characterized by negative mood. Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression, however, it can cause cognitive deficit. Hesperetin, an active ingredient in citrus peels, has antioxidant and neuroprotective properties. In this study, we evaluated the effect of hesperetin on memory impairment induced by ECT in a reserpine-induced depression model in male rat. For this purpose, 105 male rats weighing 230−250 g were randomly divided into control and reserpine-treated groups. The reserpine-treated animals were subdivided into: Reserpine, Hesperetin (10 and 20 mg/kg), ECT and ECT+Hesperetin (10 and 20 mg/kg). After taking the drugs, the effect of hesperetin was evaluated through behavioral NORT, Y Maze, FST, SPT and also via assessment of hippocampal brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and oxidative stress biomarkers i.e., MDA, SOD and GSH. As a result, our biochemical studies showed a significant decrease of MDA in groups treated with ECT+Hesperetin as compared to ECT and hesperetin groups (P < 0.001) and a marked increase in SOD, GSH and BDNF in ECT+Hesperetin 20 group as compared to other groups (p < 0.05). Also, the results of behavioral tests revealed that treatment with hesperetin can increase the novel object recognition index and alternation behaviors in Y maze test as compared to the groups treated with hesperetin or ECT (p < 0.05). These results suggest that co-administration of hesperetin with ECT is effective for improvement of cognitive function and can alleviate ECT-induced memory impairment in reserpine-treated rats.
Stepped care for the treatment of depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: The Stepped Care Model (SCM) proposes a sequential approach in the treatment of depression, applying interventions of increasing intensity according to the level of severity of the individual. Methods: A systematic review was carried out until January 2020 in eight electronic databases. We included randomized (RCT) and non-randomized controlled trials comparing the SCM to usual non-sequential care. Results: Eighteen RCT with patients with confirmed or probable depression diagnosis were included. Meta-analyses yielded high heterogeneity, and subgroup analyses showed significant effects of the SCM only in studies with baseline moderately severe symptoms on average, compared to samples with mild/moderate depression. In the former subgroup, effects at 3-6 and 9-12 months were small for symptoms’ reduction (g = -0.33, 95%CI: -0.55, -0.17 and -0.34, 95%CI: -0.53, -0.16) and moderate-to-strong in response and remission (Risk Ratios between 1.70-1.90). Overall, a significant benefit on quality of life was also observed (6 months: g = 0.31, 95%CI: 0.12, 0.49; 12 months: g = 0.18, 95%CI: 0.06, 0.31). More patients in the SCM groups were prescribed antidepressants at 6 months (RR = 1.31, 95%CI: 1.09, 1.57; I² = 87%). Limitations: The search does not guarantee the identification of all the relevant literature. Most included studies show uncertain or high risk of bias. Conclusions: The SCM seems to outperform usual care in populations with at least moderately severe symptoms on average. Results show high heterogeneity and future research should explore its sources.
No antidepressant effects of low intensity transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields for treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: Noninvasive neurostimulation with transcranial Pulsed Electromagnetic Fields (tPEMF) may be a promising method for treatment resistant depression (TRD). Studies shown substantial improvement of depressive symptoms in patients with TRD, but there is no information on long-term antidepressant effects. The aim of this study was to investigate the short- and long-term efficacy of tPEMF in participants with TRD. Methods: Eligible participants with TRD in this sham-controlled double-blind multicenter trial were randomly assigned to five weeks either daily active or sham tPEMF. Severity of depression and anxiety was assessed pre- and directly post-treatment and five and fifteen weeks post-treatment. Primary outcome was change on the 17-item Hamilton depression rating scale directly post-treatment. Secondary outcome was change on the Hamilton-17 during follow-up and change on the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology Self-Report and the Beck Anxiety Index. Results: Of the 55 included participants, 50 completed the treatment protocol. Depressive symptoms improved over time in both groups. The improvement continued until the last follow-up measure. There was no difference in outcome between the active and the sham group on change in depression post-treatment or on any secondary measure. Conclusion: Treatment with this type of active tPEMF was not superior to sham in patients with TRD. This is in contrast to a previous study using a similar design and power calculation, but a higher magnetic field strength, that reported improvement of depression after treatment with tPEMF compared to sham. An important limitation of our study was the fact that no different dosing regimens were tried.
Effects of somatic treatments on suicidal ideation and completed suicides$$$ Objective: This work was undertaken to define and characterize the role of currently available somatic treatments in psychiatry in either increasing or reducing the risk for suicide. Methods: Members of the Suicide Prevention Task Group of the National Network of Depression Centers performed a literature review of somatic treatments known to increase or reduce the risk for suicide. The reviews ventured to include all relevant information about the risk for both suicide ideation and completed suicides. Results: Lithium and clozapine are the only two somatic treatments that have high-quality data documenting their antisuicide effects in mood disorders and schizophrenia, respectively. Lithium discontinuation is also associated with increased suicide risk. Ketamine and esketamine may have a small, but immediate, antisuicide effect. Despite the recent Food and Drug Administration approval of esketamine use in depressed suicidal patients, the small disproportional overrepresentation of suicide in subjects who had received esketamine versus placebo (3 vs. 0 among > 3500 subjects) requires ongoing evaluation. The purported antisuicide effect of electroconvulsive therapy is based on low-quality data. The effect of antidepressants is not at all clear. There appears to be direct evidence for antidepressants increasing suicidal ideation and the risk for suicide over the short-term in young people, but indirect (low quality) evidence that antidepressants reduce suicide risk over the long term. Conclusions: Clinicians have an expanding pharmacopeia to address suicide potential in their patients. Some of the agents with documented antisuicide effects may also increase suicidality under specific circumstances.
Effectiveness of magnetic stimulation in the treatment of urinary incontinence: a systematic review and results of our study$$$ Urinary incontinence (UI) is becoming an increasingly common health problem. UI treatment can be conservative or surgical. This paper focuses on the effectiveness of magnetic stimulation (MS) in the treatment of UI. We performed a systematic review in order to combine and compare results with results from our clinical study. A clinical prospective non‐randomized study was carried out at the Ljubljana University Medical Center’s Gynecology Division. It included 82 randomly selected female patients, irrespective of their UI type. The success rate of using MS in treating UI was based on standardized ICIQ‐UI SF questionnaires. Patients completed 10 therapy sessions on MS, and follow‐up was performed 3 months after the last therapy session. UI improved after treatment with MS. The ICIQ‐UI SF score improved in patients regardless of the type of UI. However, the greatest decrease in post‐treatment assessment ICIQ‐UI SF scores was seen in patients with stress urinary incontinence (SUI). Based on the findings described above, it can be concluded that MS is a successful non‐invasive conservative method for treating UI. Future studies are necessary, all of which should include a large sample size, a control group, an optimal research protocol, pre‐treatment analyses, standardization, and longer follow‐ups.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for provoked vestibulodynia: What roles do psychosexual factors play in treatment response?$$$ There is growing evidence that provoked vestibulodynia (PVD), a frequent and debilitating condition, is characterized by central sensitization. This study aimed to examine predictive factors of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) efficacy in this chronic pain population. Exploratory analysis derived from a randomized controlled trial was performed to assess predictors of pain reduction among 39 women with PVD who received 10 daily sessions of either active or sham tDCS. Clinical characteristics (e.g. pain intensity, duration and pain sensitivity) and psychosexual factors (e.g. pain catastrophizing, pain-related fear, anxiety, depressive symptoms and vaginal penetration cognitions) were assessed at baseline and used to predict tDCS response at 3-month follow-up. Analysis revealed that higher depressive symptoms and lower negative self-image cognitions were significant predictors of pain reduction at follow-up and accounted for 62.3% of the variance in the active tDCS group. Higher genital incompatibility cognitions were related to poorer response, regardless of treatment group. These findings suggest that women with PVD presenting higher depressive symptoms and lower levels of negative self-image cognitions could derive greater benefits from tDCS. These results suggest that tDCS could be effective in a subgroup of women with PVD - a possibility worth exploring with future prospective larger studies.
Characterizing Seizure-Induced Changes in the Glioma Microenvironment$$$ Purpose/Objective(s): Growing evidence indicates that the neurotransmitters dysregulated in psychiatric disorders are similarly dysregulated in glioblastoma (GBM) biology. Patients with psychiatric disorders are classically thought of having excessive glutamate (major depression, bipolar depression), excessive dopamine (mania, psychosis), and/or insufficient serotonin (major depression, anxiety). Analogously, GBM cells are dependent on bountiful neuronal glutamate, utilize elevated dopamine receptor expression to activate the hypoxic response and augment progression, and catabolize serotonin to drive proliferation. The clinical induction of seizure, known as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), has been used by psychiatrists since the 1930s to treat severe cases of depression, mania, psychosis, and catatonia. ECT has been shown to decrease extracellular glutamate and glutamate receptor expression in vivo and increase blood-brain barrier (BBB) permeability. ECT, then, may have previously unexplored oncologic value. We hypothesized that seizure-induced changes in the glioma microenvironment occur with ECT, increasing permeability of the BBB, slowing tumor progression, and prolonging overall survival in glioma-bearing mice. Materials/Methods: C57BL6 mice were orthotopically injected with CT-2A-Luc mouse glioma cells. Mice were randomized to receive ECT via ear-clip electrodes or sham treatment daily up to five times per week until survival endpoints were reached. Seizure duration and rates of tonic hindlimb extension were recorded. Intracranial progression was monitored via bioluminescent signal from CT-2A-Luc xenografts. BBB permeability was assessed by subjecting mice to ECT or sham treatment immediately following tail vein injection of sodium fluorescein. Mice were saline perfused and brains were harvested for fluorescent spectroscopy. Results: Intracranial progression was maximally reduced in ECT-treated mice relative to sham-treated mice after 17 treatments (mean sham radiance 4.7 × 109 photons/s versus mean ECT radiance 2.6 × 109 photon/s, P = 0.013). This translated into an improvement in overall survival from median 29 days in sham-treated mice to 34.5 days in ECT-treated mice (P = 0.0018). Mean seizure duration was 41.8 seconds and positively correlated with overall survival (Pearson coefficient r = 0.63, P = 0.028). Tonic hindlimb extension occurred in 68% of seizures and positively correlated with overall survival (Pearson coefficient r = 0.72, P = 0.0078). Brain parenchymal uptake of sodium fluorescein was significantly higher in ECT-treated mice, with a mean relative increase in ECS to sham radiance of 1.47 (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Repeated ECT slows tumor progression and prolongs overall survival in C57BL6 mice bearing CT-2A-Luc xenografts. The BBB is compromised immediately following ECT. ECT merits further oncologic investigation as a potential therapeutic in GBM. Author Disclosure: T. Sita: None. L. Hurley: None. C. Dussold: None. S. Sachdev: None. R. Stupp: Research Grant; CarThera, Paris. Consultant/ad hoc advisor for research protocol development; GT Medical Technologies, Insightec; Northwest Biotherapeutics. Scientific Advisory Board; CranioVation, TriAct, Hemispherian. IDMC of an ongoing clinical trial; Celularity. A. Stegh: None.
Effectiveness of noninvasive brain stimulation in the treatment of anxiety disorders: A meta-analysis of sham or behaviour-controlled studies$$$ Background: The possibility of using noninvasive brain stimulation to treat mental disorders has received considerable attention re-cently. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are considered to be effective treatments for depressive symptoms. However, no treatment recommendation is currently available for anxiety disorders, suggesting that evidence is still limited. We conducted a systematic review of the literature and a quantitative analysis of the effectiveness of rTMS and tDCS in the treatment of anxiety disorders. Methods: Following PRISMA guidelines, we screened 3 electronic databases up to the end of February 2020 for English-language, peer-reviewed articles that included the following: a clinical sample of patients with an anxiety disorder, the use of a noninvasive brain stimulation technique, the inclusion of a control condition, and pre/post scores on a validated questionnaire that measured symptoms of anxiety. Results: Eleven papers met the inclusion criteria, comprising 154 participants as-signed to a stimulation condition and 164 to a sham or control group. We calculated Hedge’s g for scores on disorder-specific and general anxiety questionnaires before and after treatment to determine effect size, and we conducted 2 independent random-effects meta-analyses. Considering the well-known comorbidity between anxiety and depression, we ran a third meta-analysis analyzing outcomes for depression scores. Results showed a significant effect of noninvasive brain stimulation in reducing scores on disorder-specific and general anxiety questionnaires, as well as depressive symptoms, in the real stimulation compared to the control condition. Limitations: Few studies met the inclusion criteria; more evidence is needed to strengthen conclusions about the effectiveness of noninvasive brain stimulation in the treatment of anxiety disorders. Conclusion: Our findings showed that noninvasive brain stimulation reduced anxiety and depression scores compared to control conditions, suggesting that it can alleviate clinical symptoms in patients with anxiety disorders.
A randomized sham controlled comparison of once vs twice-daily intermittent theta burst stimulation in depression: A Canadian rTMS treatment and biomarker network in depression (CARTBIND) study$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a newer form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for patients with treatment resistant depression (TRD). Applying multiple daily iTBS sessions may enable patients to achieve remission more rapidly. Objective: We compared the efficacy and tolerability of a twice-daily versus once-daily iTBS protocol in patients with TRD. We hypothesized that twice-daily iTBS would result in a greater improvement in depression scores compared to once-daily iTBS. Methods: 208 participants (131 females) with TRD were randomized to receive either iTBS (600 pulses) delivered twice-daily with a 54-min interval between treatments or once-daily (1200 pulses) with 1 sham treatment with the same interval between treatments, to ensure equal levels of daily therapeutic contact and blinding of patients and raters. The primary outcome measure was change in depression scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-17) after 10 days of treatment and 30 days of treatments. Results: HRSD-17 scores improved in both the twice-daily and once-daily iTBS groups; however, these improvements did not significantly differ between the two groups at either the 10-day or 30-day timepoints. Response and remission rates were low (<10%) in both groups after 10 days and consistent with prior reports at 30 days; these rates did not differ between the treatment groups. Conclusions: These results suggest that twice-daily iTBS does not accelerate response to iTBS and is not different from once-daily treatment in terms of improving depressive symptoms in patients with TRD. Clinicaltrials.gov ID: NCT02729792 (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02729792)
Deiodinase variation and liothyronine treatment interaction to accelerate ECT response in major depression: Pilot data and implications for thyroid pharmacogenomic testing in mood disorders$$$ Background: Concurrent liothyronine treatment has been shown to accelerate time to response in patients treated for major depression. However, the relationship between genetic variation in deiodinase and T3 treatment response has received little investigation. Methods: This is a post-hoc analysis of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of concurrent liothyronine (T3-Cytomel®, n = 23; mean dose 46.3 ± 3.3 mcg) in patients with major depression where a clinical recommendation was made to pursue ECT. The primary outcome measure was time to 50% reduction in depressive symptoms. Multivariable linear models were used to examine effect of T3 and placebo and genetic variants as predictors of change in HAMD24 and number of ECT treatments. Results: Survival analysis did not show a significant effect for the T3 + ECT group achieving a faster time to response compared to placebo + ECT (p + ECT). Survival analysis for RUL lead placement alone showed a significant effect for the T3 + ECT group achieving a faster time to response compared to p + ECT (p = 0.01) with significantly fewer ECT treatments (p = 0.03). Carriers of the functional SNP rs11206244 gene DI01-C785T minor allele (TT and CT) vs. non-carriers (CC), showed fewer ECT treatments in the T3 + ECT group, compared to p + ECT (5.3 ± 1.0 vs. 8.3 ± 2.1, p = 0.045). Conclusions: These pilot data identify clinically relevant genetic variation in DI01- C785T contributing to an accelerated response time, but not an overall greater symptom reduction. Exogenous T3 supplementation may be therapeutic by attenuating a baseline DI01 relative functional deficit which functionally reduces peripheral conversion of T4 to biologically active T3. Further work is encouraged to assess genetic variation of thyroid deiodinase enzymes in larger samples of depressed patients to better optimize accelerating strategies to ECT and more broadly, thyroid augmentation strategies in major depressive and bipolar disorders.
Transcranial direct current stimulation combined with alcohol cue inhibitory control training reduces the risk of early alcohol relapse: A randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Approximately half of all people with alcohol use disorder (AUD) relapse into alcohol reuse in the next few weeks after a withdrawal treatment. Brain stimulation and cognitive training represent recent forms of complementary interventions in the context of AUD. Objective: To evaluate the clinical efficacy of five sessions of 2 mA bilateral transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for 20 min over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) (left cathodal/right anodal) combined with alcohol cue inhibitory control training (ICT) as part of rehabilitation. The secondary outcomes were executive functioning (e.g. response inhibition) and craving intensity, two mechanisms strongly related to abstinence. Methods: A randomized clinical trial with patients (n = 125) with severe AUD at a withdrawal treatment unit. Each patient was randomly assigned to one of four conditions, in a 2 [verum vs. sham tDCS] x 2 [alcohol cue vs. neutral ICT] factorial design. The main outcome of treatment was the abstinence rate after two weeks or more (up to one year). Results: Verum tDCS improved the abstinence rate at the 2-week follow-up compared to the sham condition, independently of the training condition (79.7% [95% CI = 69.8–89.6] vs. 60.7% [95% CI = 48.3–73.1]; p = .02). A priori contrasts analyses revealed higher abstinence rates for the verum tDCS associated with alcohol cue ICT (86.1% [31/36; 95% CI = 74.6–97.6]) than for the other three conditions (64% [57/89; 95% CI = 54–74]). These positive clinical effects on abstinence did not persist beyond two weeks after the intervention. Neither the reduction of craving nor the improvement in executive control resulted specifically from prefrontal-tDCS and ICT. Conclusions: AUD patients who received tDCS applied to DLPFC showed a significantly higher abstinence rate during the weeks following rehabilitation. When combined with alcohol specific ICT, brain stimulation may provide better clinical outcomes. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov number NCT03447054 https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03447054.
Usefulness of Hamilton rating scale for depression subset scales and full versions for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objectives We investigated the predictive value of subset scales and full versions of the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) for therapeutic outcomes in ECT. Methods This secondary analysis of patients with major depression (N = 136; 63% female; age = 56.7 [SD = 14.8]) from the EFFECT-Dep trial (NCT01907217) examined the predictive value of Evans-6, Toronto-7, Gibbons-8 and Maier-Philip 6 HAMD subset scales and three 'full' versions (HAMD-17, HAMD-21 and HAMD-24) on therapeutic outcomes. We also examined early improvement on subset scales and full versions as predictors of response and remission and explored predictive abilities of individual HAMD-24 items. Results The subset scales and full scales lacked sufficient predictive ability for response and remission. Receiver operating characteristic curves identified a lack of discriminative capacity of HAMD subset scales and full versions at baseline to predict response and remission. Only the Maier-Philip-6 was significantly associated with percentage reduction in HAMD-24 scores from baseline to end of ECT course. Early improvement on most of the subset scales and full versions was a sensitive and specific predictor of response and remission. Four of the HAMD-24 items were significantly associated with response and one with remission. Conclusions Limited utility of the HAMD subset scales and full versions in this context highlight a need for more tailored depression rating scales for ECT.
Stanford neuromodulation therapy (SNT): a double-blinded, randomized, and controlled trial$$$ Abstract Background: Depression is the leading cause of disability worldwide, affecting 322 million people, half of whom have treatment-resistant depression. Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is an FDA-approved treatment for treatment-resistant depression but is limited by suboptimal efficacy and 6-week duration. We addressed this by developing a neuroscience-informed, accelerated iTBS protocol, previously referred to as Stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (SAINT) and now entitled Stanford neuromodulation therapy (SNT). This protocol was associated with ∼90% remission after 5 days of open-label treatment. Herein, we report the results of a sham-controlled, double-blinded trial of SNT for treatment-resistant depression. Methods: Participants with treatment-resistant depression, currently experiencing moderate-to-severe depressive episodes, were randomized to active or sham SNT. Resting-state fMRI was used to individually target the region of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex most functionally anticorrelated with subgenual anterior cingulate cortex. The primary outcome was Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score, 4 weeks after treatment. Results: At the planned interim analysis, 32 participants with treatment-resistant depression had been enrolled and 29 participants who continued to meet inclusion criteria received either active (n=14) or sham (n=15) SNT. Mean percent reduction in MADRS score 4-weeks after treatment was 52.5% (33.0-72.1, n=14) of baseline in the active group and 11.1% (n=15, -1.3-23.4) in the sham group. Conclusions: Our accelerated, high-dose, iTBS protocol with functional-connectivity-guided targeting (SNT) is more effective than sham for treatment-resistant depression. Further trials are needed to determine durability and compare SNT to other treatments. ClinicalTrials.gov NCT03068715. Keywords: Depression, TMS, left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex
Evidence for NIBS in post-stroke and Vascular depression$$$ Abstract Background: Cerebrovascular disease (CVA) increases the risk for depression both acutely and chronically. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been FDA approved as a treatment of major depressive disorder after successful clinical trials in patients without stroke. There is evidence for clinical efficacy of medications and psychotherapies to treat depression co-morbid with CVA thought the evidence is based on small clinical trials. Objective: In this study we aimed to clarify the current evidence for the safety and efficacy of rTMS in MDD co-morbid with acute CVA (post-stroke depression) and chronic CVA (vascular depression) Methodology: We conducted a systematic review on the evidence for short-term efficacy of rTMS in MDD co-morbid with CVA (post acute stroke and vascular depression). Randomized controlled and observation trials were included in the review based on pre-set criteria. Quality of the evidence was evaluated using standardized scales. Results: A total of 5 trials were included (3 randomized controlled and 2 observational). 146 patients with MDD comorbid with chronic CVA (=vascular depression) and 40 patients with MDD post acute stroke (-post stroke depression) treated with rTMS were included in the review. Evidence suggests preliminary efficacy and general safety of rTMS in this population. Discussion: Despite evidence of preliminary efficacy and safety of rTMS in post stroke depression and vascular depression, no firm conclusions can be reached at this point due to to small size and heterogeneity of studies available in the literature. Conclusion: Larger, well-designed studies are needed to confirm efficacy and safety of rTMS and other modalities of NIBS in MDD co-morbid with acute and chronic CVA. Further clarification of these findings and their significance will be discussed in this presentation. Keywords: Post stroke depression, vascular depression, rTMS, Systematic Review
Quantitative ictal electroencephalography (qEEG) comparison of Focal Electrically-Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) and Ultrabrief Pulse Right Unilateral Electroconvulsive Therapy (UBP-RUL ECT)$$$ Abstract Background: Focal Electrically-Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) is designed to focus the ECT electrical stimulus to initiate seizure activity in right orbitofrontal cortex. Prior research suggests that FEAST is more focal than traditional forms of ECT, but there is a lack of supporting quantitative electroencephalography (qEEG) data. We compared qEEG recordings in participants receiving FEAST or ultrabrief pulse right unilateral (UBP-RUL) ECT. Methods: Using a non-randomized, open-label design, 38 depressed adults were recruited after referral for ECT. Twenty patients elected FEAST (14 women; age 45.2±12.7), and 18 elected UBP-RUL ECT (15 women; age 42.9±16.9). At every treatment we used a four-lead EEG montage (bilateral frontal and temporal sites) referenced to the ipsilateral mastoids, and quantified EEG power and coherence. A blinded rater artifacted the qEEG and identified epochs corresponding to baseline, early, peak, and total seizure and postictal periods, averaging across sessions for each participant. We conducted repeated measures ANOVAs on log-transformed delta band (1.6-3.8 Hz) data, with between-subject factors of condition, sex, age, average charge, and number of sessions, with electrode site (4) as the repeated measure. Results: During the 10 seconds of peak seizure activity, across all EEG electrodes FEAST produced significantly lower delta band power than UBP-RUL (p = 0.015) despite being delivered at a higher charge. At the early seizure timepoint (defined as the 6 seconds following ECT administration), there was a trending effect of condition on seizure magnitude with the conditions differing least in the right frontal site. Conclusions: These qEEG data suggest that FEAST may produce lower amplitude seizures than UBP-RUL. This reduced seizure strength may be due to a smaller population of neurons synchronously firing with FEAST supporting increased focality. Future directions include linking these neurophysiologic effects to behavioral outcomes, and examining this preliminary effect in a larger sample size. Keywords: ECT, EEG, FEAST, Depression
Does Synchronizing TMS pulses with EEG alpha Phase improve the Antidepressant Efficacy of Prefrontal TMS?$$$ Abstract Research suggests that timing the delivery of TMS relative to an endogenous brain state may affect efficacy and short-term brain dynamics. We have developed a novel closed-loop system where a TMS pulse train is triggered by a patient’s EEG rhythm. In this double blind, randomized controlled trial, we aimed to test the hypothesis that daily prefrontal rTMS over 4-6 weeks with the initial TMS pulse of each train synchronized to the subject’s alpha phase (SYNC), will result in improvement in depression. We wished to compare antidepressant effects to standard therapy (UNSYNC) to see if synchronization boosts the clinical effect. Before starting the clinical trial, subjects undergo a TMS-fMRI-EEG scan. While in the fMRI scanner equipped with EEG and interleaved TMS, we deliver single TMS pulses over the prefrontal cortex (F3) and determine for each patient the EEG alpha phase that maximally induces BOLD changes in the anterior cingulate. During treatments, we use this information to deliver personalized EEG-triggered repetitive TMS (rTMS) to major depressive disorder (MDD) patients. Both SYNC and UNSYNC treatment groups receive 4-6 weeks of daily TMS over the left prefrontal cortex. Treatment sessions last approximately 1.5 hours, requiring EEG leads before and during treatments. Recruitment will continue through November 2021 but clinical data are blinded. We found entrainment of EEG in the SYNC group (Faller poster, this meeting). For the overall study we enrolled 21 patients (mean age 45±12, 16 female). The average baseline Hamilton depression rating scale (HRDS) score is 30±6 and the average post-treatment HRDS score is 15±8. To date we have 11 responders and 10 non-responders with only one dropout. Unblinded clinical results will be presented at the meeting. Synchronizing TMS pulses to each person’s alpha frequency and EEG phase locking is possible in a clinical trial setting. Keywords: TMS, EEG, fMRI, MDD
Vagus nerve stimulation: Changing the paradigm for chronic difficult to treat depression$$$ Abstract Few treatment options exist for patients who have failed multiple somatic therapies for depression. The situation gets increasingly dire when patients have been depressed for over five years, have failed ECT (or require frequent courses of ECT), have difficult to treat bipolar depression or have comorbid post traumatic stress disorder. While an implantable vagus nerve stimulation device (VNS) was FDA approved in 2005, its availability has been limited by poor third party coverage with the claim that the evidence base was insufficient to support its routine use. With the publication of an 800 patient open label comparator trial of VNS vs. treatment as usual (TAU) in 2017, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid (CMS) agreed to fund a large (up to 1000 subjects) randomized clinical trial (RCT) of VNS in participants with four or more adequate treatment trials in subjects with either unipolar or bipolar depression. As VNS seems poised to gain acceptance as a supported therapy for a highly difficult to treat depressed population, it is timely to review the existing evidence base for this treatment option. This presentation will focus on gaining insights into the results of two prior RCTs as well as one very large open label study and several smaller studies. The focus will be on understanding the patient cohort for VNS therapy with emphasis on the level of treatment resistance, the effect of a bipolar depression diagnosis, outcomes when there is a history of childhood abuse and how responders and non-responders to ECT fare. Insights gained from treating many of these patients will be shared—how improvement from VNS seems to differ from improvement from other somatic therapies, what patients should be targeted for VNS and how to make best use of the programming capacity of the VNS device. Keywords: VNS, treatment resistant depression, outcomes
Protocol of Non-invasive Current Stimulation in Acute Posterior-circulation Stroke with High Risk for Falling (NAPS trial): A Randomized Double-blind Sham-controlled Study$$$ Abstract Background: Posterior-circulation stroke accounts for approximately 20∼30% of all ischemic stroke. It can manifest as symptoms with a variety of headache, nausea, diplopia, ataxia and gait disturbance. Among them, imbalance and gait problem are main symptoms that can induce a difficulty for living daily life and a high risk for falling in these patients. In many neurological diseases including stroke and cerebellar ataxia, a therapeutic approach to imbalance and gait problem through brain stimulation has received much attention at neurorehabilitation field. However, there has been no such effort focusing on acute posterior-circulation stroke patients with imbalance and/or gait problem. Our study’s aim is to investigate the effect of non-invasive repetitive transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of cerebellum on improving balance/gait control in acute posterior-circulation stroke patients with imbalance or gait problem. Methods: Acute posterior-circulation stroke patients who were admitted within 5 days of symptom onset and at high risk for falling due to imbalance and/or gait problem, were recruited and randomized into two groups: intervention (tDCS stimulation) and control (sham stimulation) groups. Intervention group will receive 10 daily sessions of tDCS for 2 weeks (2 mA for 20 min). Outcome measurement was performed at baseline, after 2 weeks (the end of stimulation), and 4 weeks. Primary outcome was mean difference of Performance-oriented assessment of mobility (POMA) total score (baseline - 4 weeks) between the two groups. Secondary outcomes were difference of the balance and gait score of POMA, Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI), Falls Self-Efficiency Scale (FES-I), Beck Depression Invention (BDI), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI) and gait analysis. Conclusion: Our study focuses on the acute-stage (<1 week of symptom onset) and more specific symptoms in posterior-circulation stroke patients to improve the clinical outcome and quality of life in those and prove the effect of early tDCS intervention. Keywords: Transcranial direct current stimulation, Acute stroke, Posterior-circulation, Outcome
Cognitive training with and without transcranial direct current stimulation in older adults with HIV-related cognitive deficits: Delayed impact on mood$$$ Abstract In a study of computer-delivered cognitive training with and without transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) compared to a control, we assessed 46 participants' mood before treatment, immediately after completing six 20-minute treatment sessions over two weeks, and then again one month later. Participants were persons 50 years of age and older with HIV-associated neurocognitive disorder confirmed based on their performance on a battery of neuropsychological measures. Participants were randomly assigned to receive (1) active tDCS with computer cognitive training (a game-based intervention), (2) sham tDCS with cognitive training, or (3) sham tDCS with watching educational videos as a control. Analyses were completed using mixed-effects models computed in R. Participants who received active treatments showed moderate to large treatment effects, especially in the areas of attention and response inhibition. Participants in all groups showed modest improvement in mood, but group differences did not emerge at initial follow up. At one-month follow-up, participants who received cognitive training and active tDCS reported substantial declines in depressive symptoms compared to those who received only training or those in the control group. This finding is consistent with a delayed response to the mood-improving impact of tDCS observed in other studies. This finding suggests the importance of observing the impact of tDCS with cognitive training over at least several weeks of treatment and the need to provide adequate follow-up in assessing treatment effects. Keywords: HIV, computer based cognitive training, HIV associated neurocognitive disorder
A comparison of symptom-specific resting state functional connectivity biomarkers of 10 Hz and iTBS-rTMS in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Abstract Major depressive disorder is a heterogeneous disorder associated with limited antidepressant response to first- and second-line interventions. Circuit-based predictors of symptom-specific response will be critical to personalizing existing TMS treatments both in terms of stimulation site and specific stimulatory parameters. Therefore, the aim of this study is to identify similar and distinct resting-state functional connectivity (RSFC) characteristics predictive of symptom-specific response to left dorsolateral TMS using 10 Hz or intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS). Participants were randomized to receive either 4-6 weeks of 10 Hz or iTBS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) as part of a noninferiority trial evaluating the efficacy of these two interventions. Resting-state functional neuroimaging was acquired the week prior to and following treatment. Whole-brain RSFC and symptom-specific change were used to determine RSFC dimensions predictive of improvements in each treatment arm. Dimensions were extracted using regularized canonical correlation analysis. Optimized models were used to delineate clusters (biotypes) that different in terms of symptom-specific response and RSFC. These models were also validated using RSFC and clinical data from the treatment arm excluded during training. The results indicate that there are both similar and distinct patterns of RSFC predictive of symptom-specific response for 10 Hz and iTBS over the left DLPFC, including nodes from limbic, subcortical, fronto-parietal, cingulo-opercular and default mode networks. CCA models generalized significantly better in unseen participants from the same treatment arm relative to unseen data from the other treatment arm (p < 0.05). The study demonstrates the potential utility of multivariate models in identifying homogeneous clusters characterized by treatment- and symptom-specific RSFC characteristics of treatment response. Keywords: rTMS, Treatment Resistant Depression, Biotyping
Evidences for LTP Induction by 10 Hz rTMS in Human Motor Cortex$$$ Abstract Our understanding of how repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) changes the human brain on a cellular level is incomplete. Long-term potentiation (LTP) is a popular candidate mechanism, but has lacked specificity in human studies thus far. Moreover, pharmacology combined with mechanism-revealing paired-pulse (PPTMS) neurophysiology measures before and after rTMS remain essentially unexplored. Moreover, mechanistic studies with 10 Hz rTMS and pharmacology have not been previously reported. We tested the sufficiency of n-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor agonism with d-cycloserine (DCS) vs. placebo in a double-blind randomized crossover study on motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) from ten healthy adults before and after a 10 Hz rTMS ‘plasticity protocol’ (300 pulses, 1.5s on, 58.5 s off, 80% motor threshold (MT)). Brain excitability before and after rTMS was measured with single-pulse MEPs and MTs determined at 15 minute increments for 1-hour after rTMS; as well as cortical-silent period, input/output (I/O) curves, paired-pulse TMS, including intracortical inhibition and facilitation (ICI, ICF), which were obtained from a subthreshold conditioning pulse followed by a suprathreshold test pulse at 3 ms and 15 ms apart, respectively. 100 mg d-cycloserine (DCS) or identical placebo capsule was administered 2 hours before rTMS. In the DCS condition, MEPs were enhanced over the course of 1-hour after rTMS vs placebo (p = 0.038; effect size = 0.387), ICF showed significantly less facilitation after rTMS (p = 0.037, Cohen’s d = 1.13), and ICI showed significantly more inhibition after rTMS (p = 0.027, Cohen’s d = 1.16). CSP, MTs, and I/O curves were not different. Taken together, these data suggest that 10-Hz rTMS may produce facilitation in the motor cortex through LTP. Evidences include enhanced MEP facilitation over 1-hour peaking at 30 minutes; an apparent occlusion effect when superimposed with ICF, and an apparent homeostatic depression effect when superimposed with ICI. Keywords: LTP, TMS, Mechanism, Motor-evoked potential
App-based Psychological Interventions and Home-use Brain Stimulation for Depression (PSYLECT)$$$ Abstract Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common mental disorder, characterized by recurrences and treatment-refractoriness. Current first line treatments are associated with discontinuation due to adverse events and logistical burdens. In this scenario, non-invasive brain stimulation modalities, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), have proven to be effective, safe and tolerable alternatives for the treatment of MDD. However, recent meta-analyses showed that tDCS as monotherapy presents only modest effects for treating depression. In turn, recent trials suggested a possible combined mechanism of tDCS with other treatments. Therefore, the Psylect trial aims to evaluate the efficacy, safety and feasibility of home-use tDCS, combined with an app-based behavioral intervention (BT), for the treatment of MDD. In this trial, we will enroll 210 adult patients with MDD, to receive one of three possibilities: (1) active combination of tDCS and BT; (2) active tDCS and sham-BT; or (3) double sham, for 6 weeks. At study entry, participants will not have to discontinue their antidepressants. However, the antidepressants will be required to remain at stable doses throughout the study. This trial is double-blinded and sham-controlled in order to better estimate the combined treatment effect. However, participants will be invited to receive the active treatments in an open-label follow-up phase, if: (1) they received any kind of sham during the double-blind phase, and (2) remain clinically depressed at endpoint. Before trial initiation, eligible participants will receive proper in-person training on how to operate the home-use tDCS device (Flow Neuroscience, Sweden), and how to connect it to the BT-app (Flow Depression). Furthermore, throughout the trial, participants will have remote access to our research team for guidance and management of adverse events. The investigators hypothesize that the combined treatment will be more effective in improving depressive symptoms, compared to tDCS-only or double-sham, while being safe, tolerable and fit for home-use. Keywords: MDD, tdcs, home-use, Behavioral Intervention
Developing rules to change rTMS protocol during an index course in light of early non-response$$$ Abstract Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) involving significant investment of patient and clinician time and resources. Strategies for predicting non-response to a full treatment course would have relevance in both clinical practice and research protocol design. Method: This is a secondary analysis of THREE-D trial including 356 TRD patients who received a course of rTMS. We computed heuristic rules, logistic regression, elastic net classifier, and random forest classifier to predict treatment response and remission to rTMS. Accuracy, area under the curve (AUC), sensitivity, specificity, positive predictive value, and negative predictive value were computed. Results: With ML, AUCs achieved for response and remission was maximum when using clinical information after one week of treatment (0.840 and 0.878 respectively). Heuristic rules for the clinician-rated HRSD, a <10% improvement had an NPV of 74.3% in predicting end-treatment non-response at week 2, and an NPV of 86.% at week 3. For the self-rated QIDS-SR, <5% improvement had an NPV of 80.0% at week 2, and an NPV of 90.7% at week 3. Conclusion: Early non-improvement predicted non-response following a full treatment course regardless of analytic method used. Self-rated scales had notably superior performance. Our results may inform future trials which could investigate changing treatment strategy half way through a course of rTMS for those who are not improving. Keywords: Machine Learning, Heuristics, Outcome, Clinical decision
Prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation in the treatment of major depressive disorder$$$ Abstract Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is effective for major depressive disorder (MDD). Prolonged iTBS (piTBS) using 1800 pulses was shown to be better than placebo (Li et al. 2014, but not superior to standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) (Li et al. 2020) for MDD. In a recent study by Cole et al. (2019), remission rates of up to 90% were reported using a 10x daily accelerated piTBS protocol. Still, the real-world effectiveness of piTBS is still debated. Objective: We conducted a retrospective analysis assessing the safety, tolerability, and preliminary effectiveness of a 3x daily piTBS protocol. Methods: 27 MDD patients (43.5 years; 66.7% female) received at least one session of piTBS. Treatment consisted of 3x daily sessions, 50 min intersession intervals, total of 30 sessions over 10 days. Stimulation was delivered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) at 120% of the resting motor threshold (MT) using R30/X100 stimulators with B70 coils (MagVenture, Farum, Denmark). Outcomes were assessed using the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Primary endpoints were response rates (score reductions of ≥50% from baseline) and remission rates (score <10) following treatment. Results: Four participants (18.2%) responded, with two of those having reached remission (9.1%). Six (22.2%) participants did not complete the treatment: four (14.8%) because of tolerability issues (three because of pain and one because of increased anxiety) and two (9.1%) due to lack of significant improvement. Conclusion: Our results raise questions about the clinical utility of piTBS for MDD. This is in line with recent work from McCalley et al. (2021) that did not find a statistically significant increase in cortical excitability following iTBS 1800 vs. sham in healthy controls. The treatment period might also have been too short. More work is required to understand the effects of piTBS in MDD. Keywords: TMS, neuromodulation, theta burst, mood disorders
Motor cortical treatment targets for chronic pelvic pain: Big data, small data, and clinical trials$$$ Abstract Studies over the last 30 years have established that motor cortical stimulation has an analgesic effect. While chronic pain continues to be a major burden on the healthcare system and society at-large, development of motor cortical stimulation has not advanced as rapidly as prefrontal cortical stimulation for depression. This may be due to the traditional view that pain is a symptom of peripheral disease and not of brain dysfunction, but here I show emerging evidence that not only challenges that view but points to motor cortex itself as a critical element of neural dysfunction in chronic pelvic pain. We do this with a combination of multimodal imaging data from the multi-site NIH-funded MAPP Research Network (“Big” Data), as well as targeted studies in my lab at USC mapping the brain motor network of pelvic floor muscle control (“Small” Data). In this talk, I will provide evidence that motor cortex has very direct control over pelvic floor muscle activity, that this control is used even in a resting state to exert an inhibitory influence on pelvic floor muscle activity, and that motor cortex displays markers of hypoactivity in patients with chronic pelvic pain which may explain the large body of research suggesting poorly-regulated pelvic muscle activity in this population. Finally, I will describe a new NIH-funded randomized clinical trial in my lab, which will be the first to examine changes in pain and brain activity associated with motor cortical repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for chronic pelvic pain. Keywords: Chronic pelvic pain, TMS, Big data
Exploring the role of Polygenetic risk scores for MDD treatment outcome in sex and different antidepressants groups$$$ Abstract Antidepressant drugs have become the cornerstone of the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). Nonetheless, firmly established associations between Antidepressant outcomes and biological variables are currently lacking. Polygenic risk scores (PRSs) carry clinical potential but associations with treatment response in psychiatry are seldom reported. We recently reported that PRS Schizophrenia is associated with a better response to ECT, therefore in this study we aimed to extend those findings to antidepressant treatments and investigate the potential for differential response between ECT and antidepressants using PRSs. To determine whether PRS of MDD, antidepressant response (AD), and schizophrenia (SCZ) predict antidepressant treatment outcome in MDD patients and to explore the role of gender. We generate abovementioned PRSs for a European based major depressive disorder cohort (n=359). The MDD participants were randomized to escitalopram, sertraline or venlafaxine-extended release. The 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale change (HDRS) scores were established pre- antidepressants treatments and after eight weeks. Then ΔHDRS score, response and remission were obtained. Regression analyses with PRSs as independent variables and several covariates were performed in male and female and different antidepressant groups respectively. Explained variance (R2) at the optimal p-value threshold (oPt) is reported. Our results have shown that that genetic liability of SCZ is associated with better response to ECT and results for antidepressants will be presented. Our findings strengthen the positioning of genetic underpinning of psychiatric disorders as relevant to treatment response in psychiatry, which leads a better understanding of antidepressant clinical decision-making. Keywords: major depressive disorder, Antidepressant outcomes, Polygenic risk scores, ECT
Efficacy of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) To Decrease Disgust and Moral Rigidity. Implications For the Treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD).$$$ Abstract Introduction: Several studies indicate that the deontological guilt is related to disgust, and it has been suggested to play a pivotal role in the genesis of obsessive-compulsive (OC) symptoms. At a brain level, deontological guilt has been demonstrated to selectively activate the insula, a region responsible for disgust-processing and consistently hyperactivated in persons with OCD. The present study aimed to test the hypothesis that indirect inhibition of the insula via cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) would decrease disgust and moral rigidity. Methods: By a randomized, sham-controlled, within-subject design, thirty-six healthy individuals underwent 15-min anodal, cathodal, and sham tDCS over the temporal lobe (T3). Trait levels of anxiety, depression, disgust sensitivity, OC tendencies, scrupulosity, and altruistic conduct, as well as pre- and post-stimulation momentary emotional states were assessed. Measures of parasympathetic nervous system activity (Heart Rate Variability, HRV) was derived during the entire experimental protocol. After the first 10 min of stimulation, participants were asked to complete a computerized moral task and a word-stem completion task with either disgust-related words or neutral alternatives. Results: Compared to sham condition, anodal and cathodal stimulation of T3 respectively enhanced and decreased self-reported disgust, severity of moral judgements in the deontological domain, and HRV. Significant and positive associations emerged in the anodal condition between self-reported deontological guilt and the Fear-of-Sin (FoS) subscale of the Pennsylvania Inventory of Scrupulosity, and between self-reported deontological guilt and the washing and obsessing subscales of the Obsessive-Compulsive Inventory-Revised (OCI-R); in the cathodal condition, disgust was inversely correlated with the washing, obsessing (OCI-R), and FoS subscales. Discussion: Results suggest a decrease in self-reported and physiological disgust following cathodal tDCS on T3, with stronger effects in individuals with higher levels of OC traits, with potential implications for the treatment of OCD. Keywords: transcranial direct current stimulation, disgust, deontological guilt, obsessive compulsive disorder
Analysis of secondary behavioral outcomes in patients undergoing tDCS and CBT for pain and opioid misuse$$$ Abstract One of the limitations of tDCS is the difficulty in localizing currents and subsequent difficulty of predicting behavioral outcomes of a particular electrode placement. This project attempts to address this limitation by analyzing behavioral outcomes on a study population undergoing tDCS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) by analyzing longitudinal change in four other behavioral outcomes associated with the target brain region. A series of repeated measures factorial ANOVAs were run on data taken from 73 participants who were randomized to receive either real (N=44) or sham (N=29) tDCS paired with Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) weekly for 11 weeks. All analyses were conducted with group assignment as a between subjects factor and time as a within subjects factor, and yielded that the main effect of time was significant for anxiety (F=6.122, p=.016), depression (F=6.762, p=.011), pain catastrophizing (F=30.782, p<0.000), and sleep (F=17.820, p<0.000). However, no significant interaction was found between time and group assignment, suggesting that while the CBT treatment showed significant improvements in these non-target behavioral outcomes, those improvements were not significantly aided by the addition of tDCS. This is despite previous analyses of these data yielding significant improvement of the target variable in the group that received real tDCS over the group that received sham tDCS. Keywords: tDCS, target areas, CBT, pain
Accelerated rTMS for Intact and Impaired Cognition: Establishing Safety, Neurocircuit Effects, and the Dose-Response Relationship$$$ Abstract The goal of this talk is twofold. First we aim to address enduring safety concerns regarding accelerated rTMS, particularly in the case of vulnerable neurological patients. Second we aim to address the dose-response curve for improving cognitive performance with rTMS. Toward the first goal, we will present findings from post-stroke patients with vascular cognitive impairment (VCI; N=14) and patients with amnestic mild cognitive impairment (MCI; N=14). We administered accelerated rTMS (intermittent theta burst) to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) delivered in runs of 600 pulses, eight times/day for three days. Participants completed at pre- and post-treatment in-depth neuroradiological characterization and safety assessment with flair, diffusion, susceptibility, angiography, perfusion gradient and volumetric imaging as well as neuropsychological assessment. No adverse events occurred as indexed in neuroradiological, neuropsychological or subjective side effects. This is the first comprehensive neuroradiological and neuropsychological examination of the safety of accelerated rTMS in VCI and MCI, or any condition. Toward the second goal, we will present findings from a study of the near-continuous dose response curve for accelerated rTMS toward improving intact cognition. We implemented a range of doses, including doses far exceeding those typically applied within healthy samples. Forty healthy participants were randomized to ten doses of accelerated rTMS to left dlPFC ranging from one to 10 active intermittent theta burst rTMS sessions/day for five days (600 pulses/session, total pulses 3,000 – 30,000). Pre- and post-rTMS participants completed neuropsychological assessment, structural MRI, and EEG. While dose-response results are blinded until the last four of the 40 participants complete participation this month, results will be presented for the dose-response curve for cognitive performance and EEG. We will additionally present the interim findings from an ongoing dose-response study of rTMS for mood and cognitive impairment in depression and anxiety. Keywords: stroke, MCI, TMS, safety
Neuroversion: a possible mechanism of action of ECT in acute mania$$$ Abstract The first-line treatments for acute mania are lithium, antiepileptic mood-stabilizers, and antipsychotic drugs. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is reserved for drug-resistant patients, although it is the first-line treatment for severe or delirious mania with life-threatening physical exhaustion. Contrary to depression, there is a paucity of evidence for the use of ECT in acute mania. However, available literature indicates that ECT seems effective in treating acute mania, with response rates between 80% and 90%, even in drug-resistant patients. Yet, its electrophysiological and molecular pathways remain unknown. We present the curious case of a 63-year-old woman, followed at our psychiatric outpatient clinic for bipolar disorder type I, admitted to our inpatient unit in a manic state with psychotic features. Due to bradycardia episodes secondary to the psychiatric medication, she was submitted to ECT. After a single session, her symptoms improved, despite no evoked seizures. We compare this curious phenomenon to the well-known procedure of cardioversion and name it neuroversion – in other words, a possible normalization of brain activity and behavior triggered by a unique session of electrical stimulation. However, we acknowledge that further research, including randomized clinical trials, are needed to study this reported event. Keywords: Neuroversion, Electroconvulsive therapy, Mania, Bipolar Disorder
Default mode network connectivity and brain derived neurotrophic factor in brain stimulation of traumatic brain injury patients$$$ Abstract Brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is the best-known predictor of patient response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment for depression. BDNF is a protein encoded by the BDNF gene that plays a significant role in the growth and maintenance of neurons. RTMS is also used as a treatment for traumatic brain injury (TBI), but biological markers underlying treatment response for TBI have not been clearly identified. Here we examine the relationship between levels of BDNF and default mode network (DMN) connectivity in a double-blind randomized clinical trial using rTMS for Veterans with TBI. Twenty-four Veterans (21 male; mean age: 44 yrs.) with TBI were enrolled in treatment (n = 11) or sham (n = 10) at VA Palo Alto. FDA approved parameters for depression were used (10 Hz stimulation at left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex). Blood samples and MRI scans were collected at baseline and post treatment (T20). Treatment did not significantly affect BDNF levels (Active: -0.31±3.02; Sham: 0.25±3.10) or DMN connectivity (Active: -0.35±2.15; Sham: -1.64±1.46; p>0.1). BDNF change was significantly correlated with DMN connectivity (p<.0211). At T20 DMN was the outcome, there were no significant effects of treatment on BDNF levels, baseline DMN or treatment/sham (p> 0.1). There was an overall effect of age on post T20 DMN (p=.0496). Results show a correlation between BDNF change and DMN connectivity with higher BDNF levels associated with lower DMN connectivity – this relationship being an indicator of improved brain function. This association is not driven by rTMS treatment. Although the sample size is small, biomarker targets for rTMS treatment in TBI are important to study as these patients suffer from numerous psychiatric problems. Keywords: brain derived neurotrophic factor, transcranial magnetic stimulation, traumatic brain injury
Variability in TMS-EEG response can partially be described by the phase of ongoing brain oscillation$$$ Abstract Background: The cortical response to transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has notable inter-trial variability. One source of variability is the influence of the phase of neural oscillations on TMS-induced potentials (TIPs). Here, we investigate the effect of brain oscillatory activity on TIPs in both healthy controls (HC) and patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: We analyzed data from 33 MDD and 35 HC participants, who had received single pulse (SP) TMS over the left DLPFC. After pre-processing and artifact removal, the Laplacian transformation was applied to the TMS-EEG signal, and then the data were filtered into delta, theta, alpha, and beta frequency bands. Each trial was classified by the pre-TMS phase (3 ms before onset) which was separated into 5 categories: 0°, 90°, 180°, 270°, and random phase. The effect of SP TMS on each trial was measured by the amplitude of TIP components, represented by cortical evoked activity (CEA). Results: In both the HC and MDD group, in all frequency bands, CEA was significantly larger for 270° and/or 90° compared with positive and/or negative peaks pre-TMS phase (corrected p-value <0.001). The random phase resulted in higher activity compared with positive and/or negative peaks, but not 270° and 90°. In HC 270° and 90° in the beta band and 270° in the theta band caused larger cortical reactivity than random phase (p-value <0.001). In MDD, 90° in the beta band and 270° in the alpha band resulted in a greater CEA than the random phase (p-value <0.001). Conclusion: Our results suggest the phase of brain oscillations can modulate the TIP in both HC and MDD. Aligning the TMS pulse with a specific phase of EEG might reduce variability in the neurophysiological measurement, and subsequently can produce more robust long-lasting plastic changes and increase the efficacy of neuro-modulatory treatment. Keywords: TMS-EEG, Cortical oscillations, TMS-induced potential, Major depressive disorder
Intermittent theta-burst stimulation reduces amygdala activation during perception of negative picture stimuli in depression$$$ Abstract Depression is characterized by disturbed emotional processing, with increased amygdala reactivity during perception of negative emotional stimuli. Here, we assessed whether intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) modulates amygdala activity during an emotional picture anticipation paradigm using functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in a patient sample with depression. Patients were randomized to either active (n=21) or sham (n=21) iTBS over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC), delivered twice daily for ten days at target intensity. Depression symptom assessment and fMRI scanning took place just before treatment start and once again four weeks later. During fMRI scanning, picture stimuli of negative and positive valence were presented, indicated by a prior red or green screen, respectively. Behavioral valence ratings of the picture stimuli were conducted outside of the scanner. Amygdala activation during perception of negative picture stimuli was reduced after active, but not sham, iTBS (left amygdala: F(1,25)= 7.22, p=.013, right amygdala: F(1,25)=8.65, p=.007). Baseline amygdala reactivity was not correlated with depressive symptom levels. Behavioral valence ratings remained unchanged after active iTBS. The findings suggest a treatment effect of active iTBS in an emotional processing network in depression, spanning the DMPFC and amygdala. Keywords: dorsomedial prefrontal cortex, emotion, iTBS, transcranial magnetic stimulation
The influence of sample and treatment characteristics on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: a meta-analysis and meta-regression$$$ Abstract Background: In the largest meta-analysis on the effectiveness of rTMS to date and driven by a priori hypotheses we identified population and treatment characteristics that impact on change in depressive symptom severity, treatment response and remission. Methods: We searched four databases for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting on the therapeutic efficacy of high-frequent, low-frequent, or bilateral rTMS for depression compared to sham. Study and sample characteristics as well as rTMS parameters and outcome variables were extracted. We calculated standardized effect sizes (hedge’s g) for change in depression severity, and risk ratios (RR) for response and remission. Results: Fifty-seven RCTs with a total of 2564 subjects were included in the meta-analysis. We found a large effect size for reduction in depression severity after active compared to sham rTMS (Hedge’s g = 0.832). Risk ratios for response and remission were also large with 2.264 and 2.303 respectively. Although we found no significant effect of population and treatment characteristics on rTMS efficacy, a trend was seen for worse outcomes in psychotic depression, but better outcomes in bipolar depression. We conducted various sensitivity analyses that demonstrated the robustness of these findings. Conclusions: Despite the lack of a significant influence of sample and treatment characteristics, we validated the efficacy of rTMS for depression across three different sets of clinically relevant outcomes. Our results, based on the largest set of studies to date, support the use of rTMS as a non-invasive and effective treatment option for depression. Keywords: rTMS, Depression, Meta-analysis, Meta-regression
Accelerated rTMS for enhancing intact cognition: examining safety and the dose-response relationship$$$ Abstract Background: The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortical site typically targeted with therapeutic rTMS for depression is seated in a network integral to higher order cognition. It is not surprising that cognitive improvements have been reported as ancillary benefits to rTMS for depression. However, among healthy individuals, excitatory rTMS to left dlPFC has shown mixed findings on cognition. We proposed that a near continuous assessment of the dose response curve could highlight whether rTMS has promise to improve intact cognition. Thus we implemented a wide range of doses, including far exceeding those typically applied within healthy samples. Methods: Forty healthy participants were randomized to ten doses of accelerated rTMS to left dlPFC. Participants received from one to 10 active intermittent theta burst rTMS sessions/day for five days (600 pulses, 120% resting MT; 15-minute intersession interval). Each of the ten doses increased by one additional active session per day resulting in a range of 5-50 active sessions (total pulses 3,000 – 30,000). Pre- and post-rTMS participants completed neuropsychological/neuropsychiatric assessment, ratings of treatment acceptability and structural MRI. Results: No adverse events occurred as indexed in MRI, neuropsychological or neuropsychiatric assessment or subjective report of side effects. Accelerated rTMS was rated as acceptable and credible. Integrity of the blind was maintained despite the within-subject exposure to both sham and active stimulation within and across days. While dose-response results are blinded until the last four of the 40 participants complete participation this month, results will be presented for the dose-response curve for cognitive performance. Conclusions: This is the first comprehensive examination of the potential rTMS dose-response relationship for accelerated rTMS among healthy control participants, or any condition. Findings will help to establish whether accelerated rTMS could be utilized to reliably enhance intact cognition and, importantly, resolve the dosing range most effective for targeting such improvements. Keywords: rTMS, dose, cognition, healthy
Electrophysiological and behavioral effects of bilateral and unilateral rTMS on rumination and depression$$$ Abstract Introduction: Rumination is a common symptom of major depressive disorder (MDD), however, few studies assessed behavioral and physiological effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on this specific symptom, which is the aim of this investigation. Methods: 61 participants (36 women) with minimum Hamilton’s score of 19 were included in a double-blind study in three groups of sham, bilateral, and unilateral stimulation. Electroencephalography was recorded before and after 20 rTMS sessions. Ruminative response scale (RRS) was administered and total score as well as sub-scales of brooding and reflection were analyzed. Phase locked value (PLV) and eLORETA measures were used as the sensor and source level connectivity measures, respectively. Results: Hamilton’s scores decreased after treatment in both unilateral and bilateral groups. Considering responders to the treatment, unilateral and bilateral groups significantly differed in RRS total scores, with more reductions in the bilateral group. There were significant modulations in PLV in the default mode network (DMN) in delta, theta, alpha, and beta frequencies in the bilateral group, responders of which showed decreased PLVs in DMN in beta and gamma frequency bands. Positive PLV-brooding correlations in delta and theta, and negative PLV-reflection correlations in theta, alpha, and beta frequency bands were found. In the unilateral group, increased connectivity in the DMN in beta frequency was observed, in responders of which, PLVs increased in theta, beta, and decreased in alpha and beta frequencies. Positive PLV- brooding correlations in delta and theta plus negative PLV-reflection correlations in theta frequencies were observed in DMN. Source level connectivity analyses yielded increased connectivity in DMN. Conclusion: The protocols resulted in differential DMN modulations, however, they were both effective in alleviating rumination as well as depression symptoms. DMN activity can thus be considered a candidate for treatment response prediction, especially based on specific symptoms of depression, e.g, rumination. Keywords: rTMS, Rumination, Brooding, Reflection
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of bipolar depression$$$ Abstract Background: There is a significant lack of effective treatment strategies for bipolar depression (BDE). While the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression disorder (MDD) is well established, there is substantially less evidence supporting its efficacy in BDE. Based on imaging studies, stimulation sites routinely used in MDD, specifically the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), might not be the best choice for BDE treatment. Instead, the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex (VLPFC) abnormalities have been found frequently in patients with BDE. Methods: A four-week, double-blind, randomized, parallel-group, sham-controlled study aimed at comparing the efficacy of 10Hz rTMS over the right VLPFC, the left DLPFC 10Hz rTMS, and sham rTMS as an add-on treatment in patients with BDE. rTMS were guided by an individual MRI T1 scan. The primary endpoint was a change in the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score from baseline to week 4. Secondary endpoints were changes in self-assessment, and response, remission, and adverse event rates. Results: Sixty patients were randomly assigned to study groups per twenty in each, and forty-six completed the four-week double-blind phase. Discontinuation rates and adverse events were comparable among groups. Mean change from baseline to week 4 in MADRS was greater in both active groups compare to sham (right VLPFC: -11.71, 95%CI -14.06 to -9.37; left DLPFC: -11.23, -13.64 to -8.82, sham: -7.19, -9.57 to -4.81) yet only trend to significant differences were found (right VLPFC vs sham: -4.52, 95%CI -9.25 to 0.21, p=0.08; left DLPFC vs sham -4.04, 95%CI -8.83 to 0.75, p=0.18). Neither secondary endpoint analyses yielded significant differences. Conclusions: Despite the medium-sized study, we failed to confirm the superiority of two differently located 10Hz rTMS over sham rTMS used as an add-on treatment for BDE. Supported by grant No.16-31380A of the MH CR and the CNPS grant. Keywords: bipolar disorder, bipolar depression, transcranial magnetic stimulation, right ventrolateral cortex
The consortium of Researchers for ECT (CORE) - past, present and future$$$ Abstract The Consortium of Researchers for ECT (CORE) was established in 1996 with the goal to conduct multicenter clinical trials in Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT). The group comprised of four clinical sites: Medical University of South Carolina (MUSC) in Charleston, SC, Mayo Clinic, Rochester MN, University of Texas SW, Dallas TX, and Hillside Hospital, Glen Oaks NY, NY. The database coordinating center was based at MUSC. The CORE group conducted 3 multicenter clinical trials, all funded by the National Institute of Mental health (NIMH). The first study by the group compared the clinical outcomes of 201 patients who were randomly assigned to receive continuation ECT or continuation pharmacotherapy for 6 months after a successful course of bitemporal ECT for major depression. This is the first randomized controlled trial to establish the clinical effectiveness of continuation ECT. The second study by the CORE group, with the addition of the New Jersey Medical School in Newark, NJ and the subtraction of the clinical site of MUSC, compared the effectiveness and tolerability of the 3 most used electrode placements, i.e. bitemporal, bifrontal and right unilateral (RUL) for the treatment of unipolar depression. The study found only numerical but no statistically significant differences in the efficacy and tolerability of the 3 placements with bitemporal slightly more effective than bifrontal and frontal slightly more effective than RUL. The third study by the group, Preventing Relapse in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) compared the efficacy and tolerability of continuation ECT plus venlafaxine to venlafaxine alone in preventing relapse after acute ECT in geriatric patients. The combination of venlafaxine and continuation ECT was superior to venlafaxine alone. We’ll discuss in detail the primary results of the above studies, as well as additional analyses that have contributed to the shaping of the current clinical practice of ECT. Keywords: Electroconvulsive, Multicenter, Depression, Research Collaboration
Overview of a large transcranial magnetic stimulation patient outcomes database$$$ Abstract While there is a clear evidence base from randomized clinical trials that demonstrate the efficacy of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), greater understanding of best practices in routine clinical practice is critically needed. This symposium will provide an in depth look at the first ten years of data collection of patient demographics, treatment parameters and outcomes from the NeuroStar® Advanced Therapy System Clinical Outcomes Registry. Methods: Registry data were collected at 103 practice sites. Of 7759 participants, 5010 patients were included in an intent-to-treat (ITT) sample, defined as a primary MDD diagnosis, age ≥ 18, and completion of the Patient Health Questionaire-9 (PHQ-9) before TMS and with at least one PHQ-9 assessment after baseline. Completers (N = 3,814) were responders or had received ≥ 20 sessions and had an end of acute treatment PHQ-9 assessment. CGI-S ratings were obtained in smaller samples. Results: In the total ITT and Completer samples, response (58–83%) and remission (28–62%) rates were notably high across self-report and clinician-administered assessments. Female patients and those treated with a larger number of pulses per session had superior clinical outcomes. Conclusions: The extent of clinical benefit reported by patients and clinicians following TMS in routine practice compares favorably with alternative interventions for treatment-resistant depression. Strong efficacy and the low side effect and medical risk profile suggest that TMS be evaluated as a first-line treatment for MDD. The findings demonstrate the power of creating a large registry of clinical outcomes in MDD. Keywords: TMS, treatment outcomes, registry
How to use multimodal neuroimaging to personalize rTMS parameters for depression treatment$$$ Abstract Even though repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is already an FDA approved technique to treat depression, the overall clinical effectiveness is still rather modest. Overly general stimulation protocols that neither consider subject-specific depression symptomology nor individualized brain characteristics such as anatomy, or structural, and functional connections, may be the cause of the high inter- and intra-individual variability in rTMS response rates. This work gives an overview of ways of how we think that multimodal neuroimaging could provide insights into individual brain characteristics and therefore be used to personalize rTMS parameters; coil position, stimulation intensity, and timing. The optimal coil positioning could potentially be derived using a three-step process: 1) identification of the optimal (indirect) target area based on the symptom pattern; 2) derivation of the cortical (direct) target location based on functional and/or structural connectomes derived from functional and diffusion MRI data; 3) determination of the ideal coil position by computational modeling, such that the electric field distribution overlaps with the cortical target. TMS-induced electric field simulations require anatomical, and potentially diffusion, MRI data. Information about the induced field strengths can be used to derive optimal stimulation intensities. Besides MRI, EEG can provide complementary information regarding the ongoing oscillating brain-states. This information could be used to apply timely TMS pulse trains during preferred states or personalize the frequency of the stimulation. The added value of these personalized stimulation protocols is logically reasoned, but speculative. Randomized clinical trials will be required to compare clinical responses from standard rTMS protocols to personalized protocols. Ultimately, we hypothesize that optimized clinical response results from precision protocols derived from combinations of personalized stimulation parameters. Keywords: TMS, personalized medicine, MRI, EEG
Heartbeat evoked potential in major depressive disorder: Differential treatment prediction for antidepressant medication and rTMS$$$ Abstract Background: Treatment in major depressive disorder (MDD) is nowadays still based on trial-and-error and remission rates remain low. Treatment stratification between equally effective treatments based on biomarkers could be a possible strategy to increase remission rates. Here we explored the heartbeat-evoked potential (HEP) as a biomarker for predicting treatment outcome to antidepressant and rTMS treatment. Methods: Data were analyzed from the international Study to Predict Optimized Treatment in Depression (iSPOT-D; n=552 MDD patients, 301 females, randomized to escitalopram, sertraline or venlafaxine and n=247 HC, 141 females) and from a multi-site, open-label study (n=163 MDD patients treated with rTMS, 87 females). Primary outcome measure is remission. Cardiac field artefacts were removed from the baseline EEG using Independent Component Analysis (ICA). The HEP was measured with a latency of approximately 8ms after the R-peak of the ECG signal and the area under the curve (AUC; μV2) was measured with a bandwidth of 20ms. Differences between remitters and non-remitters were statistically assessed by Repeated Measures ANOVAs for sites FP1, Cz and Oz. Results: In the subgroup treated with venlafaxine, remitters showed a lower HEP than non-remitters on site Cz (p=.007). The rTMS group showed a difference in the opposite direction although this was not significant. Treatment outcome prediction based on the cut-off AUC-value determined by calculating Youden’s J resulted in enhanced remission rates: +23% for antidepressant medication treatment and +5% for rTMS treatment. Stratifying to one of the treatments based on the average AUC cut-off of both treatments resulted in enhanced treatment outcome prediction for AD (+26%) but showed a small decrease (-0.07%) for rTMS treatment. Conclusion: These data suggest that the HEP could be used as a stratification method between AD or rTMS, however further out-of-sample replication is warranted. Keywords: Major depressive disorder, Heartbeat evoked potential, EEG, Treatment outcome prediction
Clinical TMS in veterans decreases measures that predict suicide risk$$$ Abstract Background: The US Department of Veterans Affairs (VHA) identifies suicide prevention as a priority. Veterans complete suicides at higher rates than the general population. A validated measure of depression severity, the 9-item Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ9), is routinely used throughout VHA as a screening tool. Two large-scale EMR/death registry studies by Simon et al (2013) and Louzon et al (2016) have established that higher levels of suicidal ideation as measured by PHQ9 item9 are associated with increasing risk of completed suicide in general populations and veterans, respectively. Moreover, Simon et al (2017) subsequently showed that a decrease in suicidal ideation (over two paired completions of the PHQ9) was associated with decreased risk of suicide attempts over the following 90 days. We sought to determine whether clinical TMS as practiced at the VHA Pittsburgh Healthcare System (VAPHS) decreased overall depression severity and suicidal ideation as measured by PHQ9. Methods: We performed a retrospective intention-to-treat, last-observation-carried-forward analysis of all 40 patients engaged in TMS treatment between 7/01/2018 and 6/30/2021, using only data obtained as part of routine care. PHQ9 total and PHQ9-item9 were included as response variables in separate mixed regression models with Treatment Phase (PreTMS, PostTMS) as fixed effect and Subject as random effect. Results: The proportion of TMS treated patients that were Responders (=>50% decrease from PreTMS PHQ9 total score) or Remitters (postTMS PHQ9 total score < 5) was 47.5 and 22.5 percent, respectively. TMS treatment produced significant decreases in both total PHQ9 score and suicidal ideation with the latter decrease extrapolated to a 45% decrease in excess near-term suicide risk. Conclusion: Clinical TMS as practiced at VAPHS improved depression and likely decreased subsequent risk of suicide in treated veterans at least over the short term. These results support further expansion of TMS treatment by VHA. Keywords: suicide, ptsd, hazard ratio, major depression
Cranial electrotherapy stimulation after transcranial magnetic stimulation for maintenance of improvement in treatment-resistant depression: a pilot study$$$ Abstract Background: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) can significantly improve depression acutely in those with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). However, relapse is not uncommon, with 20% relapsing in 6 months and nearly 40% relapsing within a year. Cranial electrotherapy stimulation (CES) is FDA-cleared for depressive symptoms, but has not been assessed after TMS to improve maintenance in TRD. Objective: To assess the tolerability of home-based CES in TRD after treatment with TMS, and to assess whether the benefits of TMS can be extended with CES over 8 weeks. Design: This was a prospective open label study over 8 weeks with 10 patients. Patients with response to TMS as defined by at least a 50% improvement on the PHQ9 were offered CES for 8 weeks at home. Their PHQ9 scores at the end of 8 weeks were compared to their PHQ9 scores at the end of TMS treatment. Results: Before TMS, the mean PHQ9 score was 19.89, and the mean score after TMS was 4.67. The mean score after CES was 5.33 (5.0 with intent to treat, LOCF). Using the t-test for 2 dependent means, t = 0.65 and p = 0.53, indicating no significant difference between mean PHQ9 score at the end of TMS treatment and mean PHQ9 score at the end of CES treatment. 7/9 (78%) of patients who achieved response and 3/4 (75%) of patients who achieved remission at the end of TMS were able to maintain their status with CES. 1 patient dropped out due to intolerability (1/10, 10%). Conclusion: CES was tolerable in TRD after TMS for most patients. Further, patients on average were able to maintain benefits of their TMS treatment with at-home CES for 8 weeks. Future studies should use a randomized controlled design with a sham arm to build upon this pilot study data. Keywords: Neuroplasticity, Maintenance, Treatment-Resistant Depression, Cranial Electotherapy Stimulation (CES)
A randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled study of left prefrontal cortex 15 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in cocaine consumption and craving$$$ Background: Cocaine use disorder (CUD) is a global health issue with no effective treatment. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is a recently proposed therapy for CUD. Methods: We conducted a single-center, randomised, sham-controlled, blinded, parallel-group research with patients randomly allocated to rTMS (15 Hz) or Sham group (1:1) using a computerised block randomisation process. We enrolled 62 of 81 CUD patients in two years. Patients were followed for eight weeks after receiving 15 15 Hz rTMS/sham sessions over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) during the first three weeks of the study. We targeted the DLFPC following the 5 cm method. Cocaine lapses in twice a week urine tests were the primary outcome. The secondary outcomes were craving severity, cocaine use pattern, and psychometric assessments. Findings: We randomly allocated patients to either an active rTMS group (32 subjects) or a sham treatment group (30 subjects). Thirteen (42%) and twelve (43.3%) of the subjects in rTMS and sham groups, respectively, completed the full trial regimen, displaying a high dropout rate. Ten/30 (33%) of rTMS-treated patients tested negative for cocaine in urine, in contrast to 4/27 of placebo controls (p = 0.18, odd ratio 2.88, CI 0.9-10). The Kaplan-Meier survival curve did not state a significant change between the treated and sham groups in the time of cocaine urine negativisation (p = 0.20). However, the severity of cocaine-related cues mediated craving (VAS peak) was substantially decreased in the rTMS treated group (p<0.03) after treatment at T1, corresponding to the end of rTMS treatment. Furthermore, in the rTMS and sham groups, self-reported days of cocaine use decreased significantly (p<0.03). Finally, psychometric impulsivity parameters improved in rTMS-treated patients, while depression scales improved in both groups. Conclusions: In CUD, rTMS could be a useful tool for lowering cocaine craving and consumption.
Deep Brain Stimulation of the Ventral Capsule/ Ventral Striatum for Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Decade of Clinical Follow-Up$$$ Objective: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an emerging therapy for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) that has shown variable efficacy. This report describes long-term outcomes of DBS for TRD. Methods: A consecutive series of 8 patients with TRD were implanted with ventral capsule/ventral striatum (VC/VS) DBS systems as part of the Reclaim clinical trial. Outcomes from 2009 to 2020 were assessed using the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Demographic information, MADRS scores, and data on adverse events were collected via retrospective chart review. MADRS scores were integrated over time using an area-under-the-curve technique. Results: This cohort of patients had severe TRD-all had failed trials of ECT, and all had failed a minimum of 4 adequate medication trials. Mean ± SD follow-up for patients who continued to receive stimulation was 11.0 ± 0.4 years (7.8 ± 4.3 years for the entire cohort). At last follow-up, mean improvement in MADRS scores was 44.9% ± 42.7%. Response (≥ 50% improvement) and remission (MADRS score ≤ 10) rates at last follow-up were 50% and 25%, respectively. Two patients discontinued stimulation due to lack of efficacy, and another patient committed suicide after stimulation was discontinued due to recurrent mania. The majority of the cohort (63%) continued to receive stimulation through the end of the study. Conclusions: While enthusiasm for DBS treatment of TRD has been tempered by recent randomized trials, this small open-label study demonstrates that some patients achieve meaningful and sustained clinical benefit. Further trials are required to determine the optimal stimulation parameters and patient populations for which DBS would be effective. Particular attention to factors including patient selection, integrative outcome measures, and long-term observation is essential for future trial design.
A single session of theta burst stimulation alters metabolic activity in the core depression network (#230)$$$ Introduction: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has emerged as a promising new treatment for depression.1 Effects of left DLPFC iTBS in humans however are not well understood. In this sham controlled double blind randomized cross-over study, we tested the effects of a single session of iTBS on [18F]FDG uptake and resting state fMRI (rsfMRI) in healthy individuals. Methods: Planned unblinding and interim analyses were carried out on 8 healthy individuals (6 females, mean±sd age 27.5±8.2). All subjects underwent a standard iTBS stimulation (80% active motor threshold; 600 pulses) and a sham stimulation on separate days. iTBS was targeted to the DLPFC using neuronavigation (MNI coordinates-38, 44, 26).1 [18F]FDG was injected as a bolus immediately after both stimulations. Between the bolus and data collection, subjects rested for 40 minutes eyes open in a quiet and dimly lit room. [18F]FDG emission data was collected for 30 minutes simultaneously with rsfMRI using a Siemens PET/MRI scanner. Difference between iTBS and sham in standardized uptake value ratio images and rsfMRI connectivity was calculated, and effects of stimulation were analyzed using voxel-wise one sample t-tests (Figure 1). All tests were thresholded at voxel-wise p-values<0.01, uncorrected. Results: Preliminary results suggest that compared to sham stimulation, iTBS increased [18F]FDG uptake in the pregenual anterior cingulate cortex (pgACC), in the anterior insula and in the left caudate. iTBS decreased [18F]FDG uptake in the somatosensory cortex. RsfMRI connectivity between the stimulation site and the pgACC was lower after iTBS than after sham stimulation. Conclusion: To our knowledge this is the first PET/MRI study on iTBS. Our interim analysis suggests that a single session of iTBS is sufficient to modulate the metabolic activity of the core depression network. These results are in line with previous studies that have used a conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. If these results are confirmed in the final analysis of a larger sample, they can be used to optimize and design more personalized iTBS treatments in clinical populations.
Progress of transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of children and adolescents psychiatric disorders$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique. It can modulate brain current activities and treat psychiatric disorder through affecting neural excitability and synaptic plasticity. At present, there are substantial application researches of tDCS, and it is effective on the treatment of adult depressive disorder, bipolar depressive disorder, schizophrenia and other mental diseases. Preliminary researches have showed that children and adolescents have certain tolerance to tDCS, however, there are only few randomized controlled clinical studies about tDCS applying to the children and adolescents with psychiatric disorders, and reliable conclusions couldn't be drawn due to limitations of small sample size and open label trials. This paper reviews the utilization of tDCS among children and adolescents with schizophrenia, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, autism spectrum disorder and dyslexia. Details including parameters, efficacy, side effects and limitations are discussed, and different sessions, duration, current, intensity, stimulation sites and effect are compared. Information discussed may provide reference for development of neuromodulation techniques and clinical applications of tDCS to the treatment of children and adolescents with psychiatric disorders.
Electroconvulsive therapy for acute affective episodes in people with bipolar disorder$$$ Objectives: This is a protocol for a Cochrane Review (intervention). The objectives are as follows:. To assess the benefits and harms of electroconvulsive therapy for an acute affective episode (hypomania, mania, mixed state or depression) in children, adolescents, adults and older people with bipolar disorder.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Treatment for Anorexia Nervosa$$$ Background: Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a life-threatening illness with poor treatment outcomes. Although transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising non-invasive brain stimulation method, its effect in patients with AN remains unclear. Objective: This study investigated changes in maladaptive eating behavior, body mass index (BMI), and depression after 10 sessions of anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Methods: In this double-blind, randomized controlled trial, 43 inpatients with AN were divided to receive either active (n = 22) or sham (n = 21) tDCS over the left DLPFC (anode F3/cathode Fp2, 2 mA for 30 min). All patients filled the Eating Disorder Examination Questionnaire (EDE-Q) and Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (ZUNG), and their BMI was measured. These values were obtained repeatedly in four stages: (1) before tDCS treatment, (2) after tDCS treatment, (3) in the follow-up after 2 weeks, and (4) in the follow-up after 4 weeks. Results: Primary outcomes (EDE-Q) based on the ANOVA results do not show any between-group differences either after the active part of the study or in the follow-up. Secondary analysis reveals a reduction in some items of EDE-Q. Compared with sham tDCS, active tDCS significantly improved self-evaluation based on body shape (p < 0.05) and significantly decreased the need of excessive control over calorie intake (p < 0.05) in the 4-week follow-up. However, the results do not survive multiple comparison correction. In both sham and active groups, the BMI values improved, albeit not significantly. Conclusion: We did not observe a significant effect of tDCS over the left DLPFC on complex psychopathology and weight recovery in patients with AN. tDCS reduced the need to follow specific dietary rules and improved body image evaluation in patients with AN. Tests with a larger sample and different positions of electrodes are needed. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT03273205.
Modulation of Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Glutamate/Glutamine Levels Following Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Young Adults With Autism$$$ Altered excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmission has been implicated in autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Interventions using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to enhance or inhibit cortical excitability are under study for various targets, though the mechanistic effects of rTMS have yet to be examined in ASD. Here, we examined whether an excitatory rTMS treatment course modulates glutamatergic (Glx) or γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) metabolite levels in emerging adults with ASD. Twenty-eight participants with ASD and executive function impairment [23.3 ± 4.69 years; seven-female] underwent two magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) scans of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). MRS scans were acquired before and after participants with ASD were randomized to receive a 20-session course of active or sham rTMS to the DLPFC. Baseline MRS data was available for 19 typically developing controls [23.8 ± 4.47 years; six-female]. Metabolite levels for Glx and GABA+ were compared between ASD and control groups, at baseline, and metabolite level change, pre-to-post-rTMS treatment, was compared in ASD participants that underwent active vs. sham rTMS. Absolute change in Glx was greater in the active vs. sham-rTMS group [F(1,19) = 6.54, p = 0.02], though the absolute change in GABA+ did not differ between groups. We also examined how baseline metabolite levels related to pre/post-rTMS metabolite level change, in the active vs. sham groups. rTMS group moderated the relation between baseline Glx and pre-to-post-rTMS Glx change, such that baseline Glx predicted Glx change in the active-rTMS group only [b = 1.52, SE = 0.32, t(18) = 4.74, p < 0.001]; Glx levels increased when baseline levels were lower, and decreased when baseline levels were higher. Our results indicate that an interventional course of excitatory rTMS to the DLPFC may modulate local Glx levels in emerging adults with ASD, and align with prior reports of glutamatergic alterations following rTMS. Interventional studies that track glutamatergic markers may provide mechanistic insights into the therapeutic potential of rTMS in ASD. Clinical Trial Registration: Clinicaltrials.gov (ID: NCT02311751), https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02311751?term=ameis&rank=1; NCT02311751.
Effects of treatment refractoriness and brain-derived neurotrophic factor Val66Met polymorphism on antidepressant response to low-dose ketamine infusion$$$ Evidence suggests that levels of treatment refractoriness and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) rs6265 polymorphism are related to the antidepressant effects of conventional antidepressants and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. However, whether these factors are associated with the antidepressant effects of low-dose ketamine remains unclear. In total, 71 patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) were randomized to 0.5 mg/kg ketamine, 0.2 mg/kg ketamine, and saline control infusion groups. They were further divided into three treatment refractoriness groups according to the Maudsley staging method and were genotyped for Val66Met BDNF polymorphism. Participants’ Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores were assessed preinfusion, at 40, 80, 120, and 240 min postinfusion, and sequentially on days 2–7 and 14 after infusion. Patients with any Val allele exhibited an antidepressant response (p = 0.029) to 0.5 mg/kg ketamine vs. 0.2 mg/kg ketamine vs. saline control infusions. However, the trajectory of HDRS scores did not differ (p = 0.236) between the treatment groups among Met/Met carriers. In the low treatment refractoriness group, the 0.2 mg/kg ketamine infusion exhibited the optimal antidepressant effect (p = 0.002); in the moderate treatment refractoriness group, the 0.5 mg/kg ketamine infusion achieved the strongest antidepressant effect (p = 0.006); however, in the high treatment refractoriness group, the trajectory of depressive symptoms did not differ between treatments (p = 0.325). In future clinical practice, ketamine dose may be adjusted according to the level of treatment refractoriness and BDNF rs6265 polymorphism to achieve the optimal antidepressant effect for patients with TRD.
Treatment of major depressive disorder with bilateral theta burst stimulation: study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled multicenter trial (TBS-D)$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is currently evolving as an effective and safe therapeutic tool in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). However, already established rTMS treatment paradigms are rather time-consuming. With theta burst stimulation (TBS), a patterned form of rTMS, treatment time can be substantially reduced. Pilot studies and a randomized controlled trial (RCT) demonstrate non-inferiority of TBS to 10 Hz rTMS and support a wider use in MDD. Still, data from placebo-controlled multicenter RCTs are lacking. In this placebo-controlled multicenter study, 236 patients with MDD will be randomized to either intermittent TBS (iTBS) to the left and continuous TBS (cTBS) to the right dlPFC or bilateral sham stimulation (1:1 ratio). The treatment will be performed with 80% resting motor threshold intensity over six consecutive weeks (30 sessions). The primary outcome is the treatment response rate (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale reduction ≥ 50%). The aim of the study is to confirm the superiority of active bilateral TBS compared to placebo treatment. In two satellite studies, we intend to identify possible MRI-based and (epi-)genetic predictors of responsiveness to TBS therapy. Positive results will support the clinical use of bilateral TBS as an advantageous, efficient, and well-tolerated treatment and pave the way for further individualization of MDD therapy. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT04392947).
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for cognitive function in adults with bipolar disorder: A pilot study$$$ Background: Cognitive deficits are prevalent in bipolar disorder and are a significant contributor to negative patient-reported outcomes. Herein we conducted a pilot study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to improve cognitive function in adults with bipolar disorder. Methods: The study was a triple-blinded, randomized, placebo-control trial. Participants (aged 18 to 60) with a diagnosis of DSM-5-defined bipolar disorder (I or II) were recruited and randomized (N=36) to receive either a sham treatment (n=20) or an active rTMS treatment (n=16). Patients completed the Measurement and Treatment Research to Improve Cognition in Schizophrenia (MATRICS) Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB) at baseline and 1-2 weeks after the rTMS intervention. Results: A significant group by time interaction was observed in the Hopkins Verbal Learning Test-Revised (HVLT-R), (F (1, 34) = 17.0, p < 0.001, partial η2 = 0.33). Post-hoc analysis revealed that although both groups did not significantly differ at baseline (p = 0.58), patients in the active rTMS group significantly improved following neurostimulation (p = 0.02) for HVLT-R. Moreover, within-subject analysis indicated that the active rTMS group significantly improved in score from pre-treatment to post-treatment (p < 0.001), while the sham group did not improve (p = 0.94) for HVLT-R. No significant differences were seen in the other cognitive measures. Limitations: The study was conducted in a small sample. Conclusion: This pilot study, which was intended to establish feasibility, suggests that rTMS may offer benefit in select domains of cognitive functioning in bipolar disorder. None of the measures across subdomains revealed a dyscognitive effect.
A systematic review on neuromodulation therapies for reducing body weight in patients with obesity$$$ The global prevalence of obesity increases yearly along with a rising demand for efficacious, safe, and accessible treatments. Neuromodulation interventions (i.e., deep brain stimulation [DBS], transcranial magnetic stimulation [TMS], transcranial direct current stimulation [tDCS], percutaneous neurostimulation [PENS], vagus nerve stimulation [VNS], and gastric electrical stimulation [GES]) have been proposed as novel therapies. This systematic review sought to examine the safety and efficacy of neuromodulation therapies in reducing body weight in patients with obesity. Using PRISMA guidelines, we performed a systematic review for studies on neuromodulation for the treatment of obesity, resulting in 60 trials included (7 DBS, 5 TMS, 7 tDCS, 17 PENS and VNS, and 24 GES; a total of 3,042 participants). While promising results have been reported in open label studies, double-blinded randomized clinical trials often did not reach their primary endpoints, with no technique inducing a striking reduction in body weight. Bearing in mind the complexity and multifactorial nature of obesity, it is possible that a single treatment may not be enough for patients to lose or maintain the weight lost at long term.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for smoking cessation: a pivotal multicenter double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation method increasingly used to treat psychiatric disorders, primarily depression. Initial studies suggest that rTMS may help to treat addictions, but evaluation in multicenter randomized controlled trials (RCTs) is needed. We conducted a multicenter double-blind RCT in 262 chronic smokers meeting DSM-5 criteria for tobacco use disorder, who had made at least one prior failed attempt to quit, with 68% having made at least three failed attempts. They received three weeks of daily bilat­eral active or sham rTMS to the lateral prefrontal and insular cortices, followed by once weekly rTMS for three weeks. Each rTMS session was administered following a cue-induced craving procedure, and participants were monitored for a total of six weeks. Those in abstinence were monitored for additional 12 weeks. The primary outcome measure was the four-week continuous quit rate (CQR) until Week 18 in the intent-to-treat efficacy set, as determined by daily smoking diaries and verified by urine cotinine measures. The trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02126124). In the intent-to-treat analysis set (N=234), the CQR until Week 18 was 19.4% following active and 8.7% following sham rTMS (X2=5.655, p=0.017). Among completers (N=169), the CQR until Week 18 was 28.0% and 11.7%, respectively (X2=7.219, p=0.007). The reduction in cigarette consumption and craving was significantly greater in the active than the sham group as early as two weeks into treatment. This study establishes a safe treatment protocol that promotes smoking cessation by stimulating relevant brain circuits. It represents the first large multicenter RCT of brain stimulation in addiction medicine, and has led to the first clearance by the US Food and Drug Administration for rTMS as an aid in smok­ing cessation for adults.
Acute and long term treatment of manic episodes in bipolar disorder$$$ Bipolar disorder is a disabling psychiatric disorder which causes premature death and loss of quality of life. Despite the developments, novel treatments are partially effective and insufficient responses to treatment may cause loss of quality of life. Contemporary approaches to treatment planning involve taking the current symptoms and the personal treatment history of the patient into account and tailoring them for the treatment of each patient, i.e. individualized treatment. In this article, effects and side effects of antipsychotics, mood stabilizers and sedative hypnotic medications are reviewed and presented briefly for clinicians. Although novel developments have been observed in the literature about mixed states and psychotic symptoms, evidence-based options are still limited. Efficacy of mood stabilizers may be prolonged and additional medications may also be needed frequently in patients treated with mood stabilizers. Antipsychotics may cause several side effects and cannot be maintained for a long time in some of those patients. These factors may limit the use of mood stabilizers or antipsychotics. Therefore, the experience of the clinician and personal history of the patient still have importance in the procedure.
A randomized clinical trial of in-person vs. home-based telemedicine delivery of Prolonged Exposure for PTSD in military sexual trauma survivors$$$ Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is common in women who experienced Military Sexual Trauma (MST). Despite Veterans Affairs Medical Center-wide screening and tailored MST services, substantial barriers to care exist, and about 50 % of those who start evidence-based treatment for PTSD drop out prematurely. Home-based telemedicine (HBT) may reduce logistical and stigma related barriers to mental health care, thereby reducing dropout. The current randomized clinical trial (NCT02417025) for women veterans with MST-related PTSD (N = 136) compared the efficacy of HBT delivery of Prolonged Exposure (PE) to in-person delivery of PE on measures of PTSD and depression, as well as on “PE dose” received. Hypotheses predicted that women in the HBT PE group would complete more sessions, and evince greater PTSD and depression symptom reduction compared to in-person PE. Results revealed that there were no differences in dose received or PTSD symptom reduction between in-person and HBT conditions; however, dose (i.e., more sessions) was related to reduced PTSD symptom severity. Future research should examine other factors associated with high PTSD treatment dropout among MST patients.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in fibromyalgia: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ This article aimed to investigate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in fibromyalgia. The PubMed, Medline, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science databases were searched for articles published through 14 August 2021. We enrolled only randomized controlled trials. The Cochrane Collaboration risk of bias tool was used for quality assessment. Outcomes were analyzed as standardized mean differences (SMDs) with 95% CIs. The beta coefficient and p value were adopted for meta-regression. We included 18 studies comprising 643 participants. A significant reduction in disease influence, as measured by the Fibromyalgia Impact Question-naire, was observed (SMD, −0.700, 95% CI, −1.173 to −0.228), and the reduction was larger in older patients (β = −0.1327, p = 0.008). The effect persisted at least two weeks after the final treatment session (SMD, −0.784, 95% CI, −1.136 to −0.432). Reductions in pain, depression, and anxiety were discovered, which persisted for at least two weeks after the last intervention. The effects on pain and depression remained significant up to one and a half months after the final session. No serious adverse events were reported by the included articles. In conclusion, our systematic review and meta-analysis revealed that rTMS is safe and effective for managing multiple domains of fibrom-yalgia-related symptoms and older patients may have a stronger treatment effect. Larger randomized controlled trials with sufficient male populations are warranted to confirm our findings, detect rare adverse events, and determine the optimal stimulation parameters.
Electric neurostimulation in sleep disorders - yesterday and today. A comparative analysis of historical and contemporary case reports and clinical studies$$$ Background: Insomnia is a widespread symptom of many psychiatric and neurological disorders, but can also be a clinically relevant disorder of its own. The application of low-dose electricity as a treatment for both has had a long history, dating back to the 19th century, but has seen somewhat of a renaissance in therapies such as tDCS. Objective: The aim of this publication was to identify and present original works from the second half of the 19th century as well as contemporary studies that investigated the therapeutic value of electricity in treating sleep disorders. Methods: While the nine historical sources identified mostly presented impressive successes in treatment, the nine modern publications had much more heterogeneous and moderate results. Results: The discussion of these differences refers to the scientific discourse of the late 19th century about the placebo-effect and the role of suggestibility in the therapeutic process and outcome. Conclusion: In conclusion profound parallels can be seen between treatment innovations and methodological discussions in the 1880–1890s and nowadays.
A new approach to assess blinding for transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with fibromyalgia. A randomized clinical trial$$$ Correct blinding is essential for preventing potential biases. The aim of this study was to assess the blinding of participants and a therapist following treatment with transcranial direct current stimulation in subjects with fibromyalgia using James’ and Bang’s blinding indexes. Eighty subjects were randomly allocated either active or sham stimulation groups in an intervention of five sessions lasting 20 min each. A questionnaire was delivered to both the therapist and patients after the last session to record their guess of which treatment had been applied. No differences between the groups were noted at baseline in terms of demographic or clinical data. James’ BI was 0.83 (CI 95%: 0.76–0.90) for the patients and 0.55 (CI 95%: 0.45–0.64) for the therapist. Bang’s BI for subjects was −0.08 (CI 95%: −0.24–0.09) and −0.8 (CI 95%: −0.26–0.1) for the active and sham transcranial direct current stimulation groups, respectively. Bang’s BI for the therapist was 0.21 (CI 95%: −0.02–0.43) and 0.13 (CI 95%: −0.09–0.35) for the active and sham transcranial direct current stimulation groups, respectively. Protocols of active and sham transcranial direct current stimulation applied in this study have shown satisfactory blinding of the therapist and subjects with fibromyalgia.
Can the addition of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy to pharmacotherapy improve relapse prevention in severe major depressive disorder? A randomized controlled trial$$$ Few systematic evaluations have been performed of the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as a relapse prevention strategy in major depressive disorder (MDD). This is a single-blind, multicenter, randomized controlled trial to compare the efficacy and tolerability of pharmacotherapy plus maintenance ECT (M-Pharm/ECT) versus pharmacotherapy alone (M-Pharm) in the prevention of MDD relapse. Subjects with MDD who had remitted with bilateral acute ECT (n = 37) were randomly assigned to receive M-Pharm/ECT (n = 19, 14 treatments) or M-Pharm (n = 18) for nine months. The subjects were followed up for 15 months. The main outcome was relapse of depression, defined as a score of 18 or more on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. At nine months, 35% of the subjects treated with M-Pharm/ECT relapsed as compared with 61% of the patients treated with M-Pharm. No statistically significant differences between groups were indicated by either Kaplan–Meier or Cox proportional hazards regression analyses. The subjects without psychotic features were at higher risk of relapse. There were no statistically significant differences in the MMSE scores of the two groups at the end of the study. Further studies are needed to better define the indications for M-ECT in order to improve its efficacy as a relapse prevention strategy.
Clinical Applications of Brain-Oscillation Synchronized Brain Stimulation$$$ This talk will discuss clinical applications of therapeutic brain-oscillation synchronized stimulation (“BOSS”) in neuropsychiatric disorders. A feasibility study in 17 patients with major depression, applying alpha phase synchronized rTMS of dorsolateral pre-frontal cortex (DLPFC) will be presented (BOSSFRONT). Participants underwent three separate single sessions of either i) alpha-synchronized rTMS triggered at the trough of instantaneous alpha oscillations, ii) intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), or iii) a control condition (Replay), in which TMS was applied with the same temporal stimulus sequence as during alpha-synchronized rTMS (i.e., not phase-locked to the current oscillatory neural activity). All 17 participants completed the study without serious adverse events. Triggering TMS synchronized to the trough of local endogenous alpha oscillations in left DLPFC was feasible in all subjects. Alpha-synchronized rTMS, but not iTBS or Replay, reduced resting-state alpha activity in left DLPFC and increased TMS-induced beta oscillations over frontocentral channels. Findings show that real-time EEG-triggered alpha-synchronized rTMS of left DLPFC is both feasible and safe in patients with MDD and suggest that it has neurophysiological effects that seem to differ from non-alpha-synchronized rTMS. Recent finding from a study with healthy participants will be presented that indicates a potential role for prefrontal theta oscillations as an alternative to alpha oscillations in EEG-triggered rTMS of dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC). Furthermore, pilot results from a randomized controlled proof-of-concept trial with 30 chronic stroke patients (STROKEBOSS) will be presented. Finally, the current challenges in realising the clinical potential of multi-locus brain-state dependent brain-stimulation as a personalised interventional therapy will be outlined and discussed.
Local and Remote Perfusion Changes After aiTBS Treatment in Depressed Patients$$$ Accelerated repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been put forward as a fast and effective treatment protocol to alleviate depressive symptoms. However, little is known on the potential predictive biomarkers related to response and remission. In our double blinded sham-controlled clinical cross-over trial (Trial registration: )., we investigated the effects on perfusion, and whether the clinical effects of accelerated intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (aiTBS) could be predicted by individual left DLPFC perfusion patterns, and by baseline left DLPFC - (subgenual)ACC covariance, measured by Arterial Spin Labeling (ASL). Although sgACC perfusion was no predictor of clinical responses, covariance patters with the individual targeted left DLPCC areas showed different patterns between responders and non-responders. Furthermore, clinical response was accompanied by perfusion increases in the individual stimulated areas. These findings add to the neurobiological impact of aiTBS and suggest that an individualized treatment approach may increase clinical outcome.
Characteristics of Attention Bias in Patients With Depression Disorder, and the Influence of High Frequency Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Therapy on the Attention Bias$$$ Background: Depression is a common mood disorder. It can not only cause patients significant and persistent symptoms of low mood, but also easily cause patients attention relief difficulties and excitatory processing of negative stimuli. Therefore, it can lead patients to develop a tendency to have negative attention bias. Negative attention bias lead to persistence of depression and promote the aggravation and development of patients’ mental health problems. This study analyzed the characteristics of attention bias in patient with depression disorder and explored the potential influence of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) therapy on the attention bias. Methods: 80 patients with depression diagnosis from the Forth People’s Hospital of Chengdu, China from January 2019 to December 2020 were selected for the study. We used the eye movement instrument to record how much time patient’s paid attention to calm, happy and sad mood pictures. Patients were randomly divided into control group and research group, 40 patients in each group. Control group was treated with drug therapy only. Research group was treated with drug therapy as well as high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) therapy. The fixation time of the emotional images before and after treatment was compared between two groups. Results: There was no significant difference in the fixation time of calm and happy mood pictures (p>0.05). The fixation time of sad mood pictures was significantly higher than the calm and happy mood pictures (p<0.05), which indicates that patients had negative attention bias. Before treatment, there was no significant difference in fixation time on emotional images between control and research group (p<0.05). After treatment, there was no significant difference in fixation time on the calm and happy mood pictures between the two groups. However, the fixation time on the sad mood images in the research group was significantly shorter than the control group (p<0.05). Conclusions: Patients with depression disorder in the study showed to have negative attention bias. The treatment of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation can effectively educe the negative attention bias in these patients. (Supported by Sichuan Science and Technology Program, 2020ZYD013)(Supported by the Project of Science and Technology Department of Sichuan Province,2020ZYD013)
Transcrani̇al magneti̇c sti̇mulati̇on over orbi̇tofrontal cortex in obsessi̇ve compulsi̇ve di̇sorder: A double-blind placebo-controlled tri̇al$$$ In this study, the effectiveness of low frequency (1 Hz) rTMS application to the orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) was investigated in medication-resistant OCD. Thirty-four medication-resistant OCD patients were divided into two groups in a crossover design. One group started with active rTMS, while the other started with sham rTMS, before crossing over at two weeks. rTMS application was added to the pharmacological treatments used by the patients. While there was a significant decrease in YBOCS total scores in the group which received TMS between Week 0 and 2, the decrease in the sham TMS group did not reach significance. There was a statistically significant decrease in YBOCS total scores in both groups between Weeks 2 and 4. In addition, the two groups did not differ from each other in terms of percentage change in scale scores between Weeks 0 and 2, Weeks 2 and 4, and Weeks 0 and 4. The results of this study suggest that rTMS applied at 1 Hz targeting the OFC is not effective for medication-resistant OCD. Future studies with the use of coils allowing deeper stimulation, higher-frequency stimulation, and longer duration of treatment may provide useful information in this regard.
8.2 ADAPTING AND INNOVATING TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION (TMS) INTERVENTIONS FOR CHILD AND ADOLESCENT PSYCHIATRIC DISORDERS$$$ Objectives: This session aims to review the historical development, recent research, future directions, and challenges related to the therapeutic application of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in child and adolescent psychiatry. Methods: A clinical child and adolescent psychiatry researcher will review historical studies of TMS in youth, recent results from RCTs, unpublished data with novel dosing, and future efforts. The discussion will focus on studies of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and MDD. The session will highlight research challenges and current clinical translational potential. Results: Recent efforts include randomized controlled trials of TMS for ASD and MDD. Elevated placebo response rates likely related to the structured nature of TMS delivery present an ongoing challenge for research studies in youth. Recent open-label data from a trial delivering sequential bilateral theta burst stimulation for MDD demonstrated improvements in the severity, feasibility, and tolerability of depressive symptoms. Long-interval cortical inhibition and N45, a biomarker collected with EEG, are promising target engagement biomarkers. Naturalistic data from adolescents treated with a bilateral 20 Hz and 1 Hz approach suggest clinical efficacy and tolerability. Future efforts include an accelerated, sequential bilateral theta-burst, randomized controlled trial with concurrent DBT sessions for adolescents with MDD and suicidal ideation. Conclusions: Despite research design challenges, research with TMS in child and adolescent psychiatry is promising. Future studies should consider all dosing parameters carefully. Brain state during treatment delivery is often overlooked. Future efforts should continue to focus on dose-finding studies informed by biomarkers for precision medicine approaches and treatment courses that can be delivered more rapidly for enhanced feasibility. DDD, NM, TREAT
5.3 REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL STIMULATION AS A TREATMENT INTERVENTION FOR TRANSITION-AGE YOUTH ON THE AUTISM SPECTRUM$$$ Objectives: There are no interventions proven to improve outcome in youth with autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising biological interventional tool. Thus far, few rigorous studies have been conducted to evaluate rTMS in ASD. Methods: We conducted a randomized double-blind, sham-controlled pilot study to test the feasibility and preliminary efficacy of a 4-week treatment course of excitatory 20Hz rTMS to bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex targeting executive function (EF) deficits in youth and emerging adults with ASD. Forty individuals with ASD, ages 16 to 35 years, without intellectual disability (ASD–) and with clinically significant EF deficits were recruited and randomized to either active rTMS or sham stimulation. Spatial working memory and everyday EF deficits were measured before, after, and at 1 month following rTMS. Results: Clinical trial participants included individuals with wide-ranging adaptive functioning, and cognitive ability. Ninety percent of participants completed the full rTMS treatment course. There were no significant differences in adverse effects between the active and sham groups. All adverse effects were of mild to moderate severity following rTMS. There were no differences in EF following active vs sham rTMS. However, participants with lower baseline adaptive functioning showed greater improvements in their EF performance following active vs sham rTMS. Participants with lower baseline adaptive functioning also showed improvements in symptoms of depression, measured using the Beck Depression Inventory. Conclusions: A 4-week excitatory rTMS treatment course was well-tolerated by youth and emerging adults with ASD– based on rates of participant retention and side effects. Although there were no differences between groups in EF performance across the whole sample of participants, those with more functional impairment at baseline showed both improvements in EF performance and symptoms of depression. Given high rates of depression in youth with ASD and the lack of proven treatments, our next study will be an efficacy study of rTMS for treatment of depression in transition-aged youth with ASD with significant clinical impairment. ASD, NM, ND
5.2 NURTURING NEUROMODULATION IN CHILD AND ADOLESCENT PSYCHIATRY: LESSONS LEARNED FROM RECENT STUDIES IN AUTISM SPECTRUM DISORDER AND DEPRESSION$$$ Objectives: The objective of this presentation is to review recent neuromodulation research focused on child and adolescent psychiatry to facilitate a discussion of research design challenges, safety concerns, ethics, regulatory compliance, and future directions. Methods: A clinical child and adolescent psychiatry researcher focused on adapting transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for youth will review recent studies as a framework for discussing ethical, regulatory, safety, and research design challenges. The research design and results from recent randomized controlled trials in autism spectrum disorder (ASD) and depression will be highlighted. Results: One recent randomized controlled trial of TMS for MDD (n = 103) demonstrated a change in depressive symptom severity and encouraging tolerability and safety findings. However, the change in depressive symptoms across 6 weeks was not significantly different than sham stimulation. Another recent, double-blind, sham controlled, pilot study of TMS treatment for executive function deficits in ASD (n = 40) also demonstrated the feasibility, tolerability, and safety of TMS. However, TMS treatment did not differ from sham stimulation with respect to improvement in executive function performance. Recent commentaries have highlighted the safety and ethical considerations of adapting brain stimulation treatments for youth. Conversely, recent efforts with trigeminal nerve stimulation demonstrated efficacy for ADHD. Conclusions: Recent findings examining brain stimulation interventions in youth highlight the well-known challenges related to pharmacology studies in children and adolescents. However, brain stimulation interventions add another layer of complexity for research designs and ethical considerations. Future studies must carefully consider dosing parameters, brain state, targeting, and efforts to mitigate the placebo effect. Long-term outcome measures with respect to efficacy and safety are lacking in the current evidence base. Future efforts will require innovative approaches and unique collaborations. ASD, NM, ND
A novel technique for accurate electrode placement over cortical targets for transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) clinical trials$$$ Objective. We present an easy-to-implement technique for accurate electrode placement over repeated transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) sessions across participants and time. tES is an emerging, non-invasive neuromodulation technique that delivers electrical stimulation using scalp electrodes. Approach. The tES electrode placement technique was developed during an exploratory clinical trial aimed at targeting a specific MNI-atlas cortical coordinate in N = 59 depressed participants (32 F, mean age: 31.1 ± 8.3 SD). Each participant completed 12 sessions of active or sham stimulation, administered using high-definition (HD) or conventional sized electrode montages placed according to the proposed technique. Neuronavigation data measuring the distances between the identified and the intended stimulation site, simulations, and cerebral blood flow (CBF) data at baseline and post-treatment were acquired to evaluate the targeting characteristics of the proposed technique. Main results. Neuronavigation measurements indicate accurate electrode placement to within 1 cm of the stimulation target on average across repeated sessions. Simulations predict that these placement characteristics result in minimal electric field differences at the stimulation target (>0.90 correlation, and <10% change in the modal electric field and targeted volume). Additionally, significant changes in %CBF (relative to baseline) under the stimulation target in the active stimulation group relative to sham confirmed that the proposed placement technique introduces minimal bias in the spatial location of the cortical coordinate ultimately targeted. Finally, we show proof of concept that the proposed technique provides similar accuracy of electrode placement at other cortical targets. Significance. For voxel-level cortical targets, existing techniques based on cranial landmarks are suboptimal. Our results show that the proposed electrode placement approach provides high consistency for the accurate targeting of such specific cortical regions. Overall, the proposed technique now enables the accurate targeting of locations not accessible with the existing 10-20 system such as scalp-projections of clinically-relevant cortical coordinates identified by brain mapping studies. Clinical trial ID: NCT03556124.
Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex to Reduce the Symptoms of the Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder$$$ Introduction: Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) is one of the most common debilitating mental disorders with a prevalence rate of 2% to 3% in the general population. Previous studies have indicated abnormalities in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) of OCD patients; thus, we decided to use transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) to decline these patients' symptoms. Methods: A total of 24 patients with OCD participated in this study with the hope of improvement after the application of tDCS. The subjects were randomly assigned to three groups of Sham, Right DLPFC, and Left DLPFC. tDCS was applied for five consecutive days and in each session, patients were subjected to 2 mA current flow for two 15 minutes followed by a 10-minute rest in between (every session lasted for 40 minutes). Results: Subsequently, the changes in obsessive-compulsive level and cognitive functions were evaluated via Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) and Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scale 21 (DASS-21) by comparing the results before (pre-test) and after (post-test) tDCS treatment. Conclusion: Ultimately, the scores of the Yale-Brown scale in the Left DLPFC group showed significant changes after treatment with tDCS (mean difference compared to the sham group: -6.18 and P≤0.05). Hereupon, this study demonstrated that transcranial direct current stimulation may cause improvements in symptoms of OCD.
Adding a Low Dose of Fentanyl to Propofol in Patients Receiving Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effects of low-dose fentanyl combined with a reduced dose of propofol on seizure duration and hemodynamic response during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Materials and Methods: Twenty-two patients with the American Society of Anesthesiologist Physical Status II to III undergoing ECT were enrolled in the present study. One hundred and five bilateral ECT sessions randomized to receive thiopental 2 mg/kg, propofol 1 mg/kg, and fentanyl 0.3 mcg/kg, followed by propofol 0.5 mg/kg. Succinylcholine 0.5 mg/kg was used for muscle paralysis. Seizure duration, awakening time and hemodynamic changes were compared between groups. Results: One hundred and five bilateral ECT treatments were randomized into thiopental group (n=35), propofol group (n=35), and fentanyl plus propofol group (n=35). The thiopental and fentanyl plus propofol groups had longer EEG and motor seizure durations than the propofol group, but the differences were not statistically significant. There was no difference in stimulus intensity across groups. However, fentanyl plus propofol group had statistically significant prolonged awakening time compare with thiopental group [mean difference 2.71, (95% CI 0.37 to 5.06, p=0.019)] and propofol group (mean difference 2.77, 95% CI 0.42 to 5.12, p=0.016). Only systolic blood pressure in propofol group was significantly lower than thiopental group [mean difference -10.4, (95% CI -19.4 to -1.38, p=0.018)]. There were no significant differences in diastolic blood pressure (df=2, F=2.546, p=0.083), heart rate (df=2, F=0.596, p=0.553), or oxygen saturation across group (df=2, F=2.914, p=0.059). Conclusion: Using a combination of low-dose fentanyl and low-dose propofol during ECT could be beneficial. Further investigation is needed to establish the optimal dose of propofol and fentanyl.
Effectiveness of High-Frequency Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Physical Exercise in Women With Fibromyalgia: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Fibromyalgia (FM) is characterized by chronic widespread pain and both physical and emotional alterations, which in turn may affect the individual's quality of life. Thus, interventions aimed at treating such symptoms, without increasing fatigue, are needed. The aim of this study was to explore the effect of high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-TMS) and physical exercise (PE) on pain, impact of FM, physical conditioning, and emotional status in women with FM. METHODS: Forty-nine women with FM were randomly allocated to: (1) a PE group (PEG, n = 16), who underwent an 8-week (two 60-minute sessions/wk) low-intensity PE program; (2) a TMS group (TMSG, n = 17) receiving a 2-week (five 20-minute sessions/wk) HF-TMS intervention; and (3) a control group (CG, n = 16). Pain (ie, perceived pain and average pressure pain threshold), perceived impact of FM (ie, overall impact, symptoms, and perceived physical function), physical conditioning (ie, endurance and functional capacity, fatigue, gait velocity, and power), and emotional status (ie, anxiety, depression, stress, and satisfaction) were assessed at baseline (T0) and after the intervention (T1, at 2 weeks for TMSG and at 8 weeks for PEG and CG). RESULTS: The TMSG showed significant improvement in all studied variables after the intervention except for satisfaction, whereas the PEG showed improved average pressure pain threshold, perceived overall impact of FM and total score, endurance and functional capacity, velocity and power, anxiety, depression, and stress. In contrast, the CG showed no improvements in any variable. CONCLUSION: Both PE and HF-TMS are effective in improving pain, impact of FM, physical conditioning, and emotional status in people with FM; HF-TMS achieved larger improvements in emotional status than PE. IMPACT: TMS and PE have similar benefits for physical status, whereas TMS has greater benefits than PE for emotional status in women with FM.
Long-term Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in Alzheimer's Dementia$$$ Introduction: To explore and develop effective treatments is crucial for patients with Alzheimer'sdementia (AD). In pathology, the amyloid deposits of AD result in disruption of the balance betweenlong-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) of neuronal cells and synaptic plasticity.Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed to affect long-term synaptic plasticitythrough LTP and LTD, thereby improving cognitive ability. Although an increasing number of studieshave been concluded a positive therapeutic effect on cognition in AD, tDCS studies to date are limitedon exploring the duration of its efficacy. In this pilot study, we investigate the effects of tDCS in AD andverify its extending beneficial effects for 3 months follow-up period after the end of stimulation.Method: 34 AD participants aged 55-90 years (mean age 75.9 (66-86)) were included in a double-blind,randomized, sham-controlled crossover study. All participants were randomly assigned to receive 10consecutive daily sessions of active tDCS (or sham) and switched groups 3 months later. The anodalelectrode was on the left dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex and the cathodal electrode was on the rightsupraorbital area. In each active session, we applied a current intensity of 2 mA and an electrode sizeof 25 cm2 for 30 min in the active group. All subjects received a series of neuropsychologicalassessments including CDR, MMSE, CASI and WCST at baseline and in 2 weeks, 4 weeks, and 12 weekspost-tDCS (or sham) 10 sessions. Chi-square tests, Wilcoxon signed rank tests and Mann-Whitney Utests were used to assess the differences in participant demographic characteristics and to comparethe differences of test scores between groups.Results: The active tDCS group showed significant improvements on CASI total scores from baseline to2-weeks, 1-month and 3-months after active stimulations, though the improvement declined overtime. There are also different presentations in total correct items, conceptual level responses, failureto maintain sets of WCST between active tDCS and sham groups. There is no difference in MMSE, CASIand WCST scores in the sham groups.Conclusion: These results suggest a long term-beneficial effects of tDCS in AD.
Magnitude of the Placebo Response across Treatment Modalities Used for Treatment-Resistant Depression in Adults: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Importance: The placebo effect in depression clinical trials is a substantial factor associated with failure to establish efficacy of novel and repurposed treatments. However, the magnitude of the placebo effect and whether it differs across treatment modalities in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is unclear. Objective: To examine the magnitude of the placebo effect in patients with TRD across different treatment modalities and its possible moderators. Data Sources: Searches were conducted on MEDLINE, Web of Science, and PsychInfo from inception to June 21, 2021. Study Selection: Randomized clinical trials (RCTs) were included if they recruited patients with TRD and randomized them to a placebo or sham arm and a pharmacotherapy, brain stimulation, or psychotherapy arm. Data Extraction and Synthesis: Independent reviewers used standard forms for data extraction and quality assessment. Random-effects analyses and standard pairwise meta-analyses were performed. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the Hedges g value for the reported depression scales. Secondary outcomes included moderators assessed via meta-regression and response and remission rates. Heterogeneity was assessed with the I2test, and publication bias was evaluated using the Egger test and a funnel plot. Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool was used to estimate risks. Results: Fifty RCTs were included involving various types of placebo or sham interventions with a total of 3228 participants (mean [SD] age, 45.8 [6.0] years; 1769 [54.8%] female). The pooled placebo effect size for all modalities was large (g = 1.05; 95% CI, 0.91-1.1); the placebo effect size in RCTs of specific treatment modalities did not significantly differ. Similarly, response and remission rates associated with placebo were comparable across modalities. Heterogeneity was large. Three variables were associated with a larger placebo effect size: open-label prospective treatment before double-blind placebo randomization (β = 0.35; 95% CI, 0.11 to 0.59; P =.004), later year of publication (β = 0.03; 95% CI, 0.003 to 0.05; P =.03), and industry-sponsored trials (β = 0.34; 95% CI, 0.09 to 0.58; P =.007). The number of failed interventions was associated with the probability a smaller placebo effect size (β = -0.12; 95% CI, -0.23 to -0.01, P =.03). The Egger test result was not significant for small studies' effects. Conclusions and Relevance: This analysis may provide a benchmark for past and future clinical RCTs that recruit patients with TRD standardizing an expected placebo effect size..
Ketamine and other glutamate receptor modulators for depression in adults with unipolar major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Many studies have recently been conducted to assess the antidepressant efficacy of glutamate modification in mood disorders. This is an update of a review first published in 2015 focusing on the use of glutamate receptor modulators in unipolar depression. Objectives: To assess the effects - and review the acceptability and tolerability - of ketamine and other glutamate receptor modulators in alleviating the acute symptoms of depression in people with unipolar major depressive disorder. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Ovid MEDLINE, Embase and PsycINFO all years to July 2020. We did not apply any restrictions to date, language or publication status. Selection criteria: Double- or single-blinded randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing ketamine, memantine, esketamine or other glutamate receptor modulators with placebo (pill or saline infusion), other active psychotropic drugs, or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adults with unipolar major depression. Data collection and analysis: Three review authors independently identified studies, assessed trial quality and extracted data. The primary outcomes were response rate (50% reduction on a standardised rating scale) and adverse events. We decided a priori to measure the efficacy outcomes at different time points and run sensitivity/subgroup analyses. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane tool, and certainty of the evidence was assessed using GRADE. Main results: Thirty-one new studies were identified for inclusion in this updated review. Overall, we included 64 studies (5299 participants) on ketamine (31 trials), esketamine (9), memantine (5), lanicemine (4), D-cycloserine (2), Org26576 (2), riluzole (2), atomoxetine (1), basimglurant (1), citicoline (1), CP-101,606 (1), decoglurant (1), MK-0657 (1), N-acetylcysteine (1), rapastinel (1), and sarcosine (1). Forty-eight studies were placebo-controlled, and 48 were two-arm studies. The majority of trials defined an inclusion criterion for the severity of depressive symptoms at baseline: 29 at least moderate depression; 17 severe depression; and five mild-to-moderate depression. Nineteen studies recruited only patients with treatment-resistant depression, defined as inadequate response to at least two antidepressants. The majority of studies investigating ketamine administered as a single dose, whilst all of the included esketamine studies used a multiple dose regimen (most frequently twice a week for four weeks). Most studies looking at ketamine used intravenous administration, whilst the majority of esketamine trials used intranasal routes. The evidence suggests that ketamine may result in an increase in response and remission compared with placebo at 24 hours odds ratio (OR) 3.94, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.54 to 10.10; n = 185, studies = 7, very low-certainty evidence). Ketamine may reduce depression rating scale scores over placebo at 24 hours, but the evidence is very uncertain (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0.87, 95% CI -1.26 to -0.48; n = 231, studies = 8, very low-certainty evidence). There was no difference in the number of participants assigned to ketamine or placebo who dropped out for any reason (OR 1.25, 95% CI 0.19 to 8.28; n = 201, studies = 6, very low-certainty evidence). When compared with midazolam, the evidence showed that ketamine increases remission rates at 24 hours (OR 2.21, 95% CI 0.67 to 7.32; n = 122,studies = 2, low-certainty evidence). The evidence is very uncertain about the response efficacy of ketamine at 24 hours in comparison with midazolam, and its ability to reduce depression rating scale scores at the same time point (OR 2.48, 95% CI 1.00 to 6.18; n = 296, studies = 4,very low-certainty evidence). There was no difference in the number of participants who dropped out of studies for any reason between ketamine and placebo (OR 0.33, 95% CI 0.05 to 2.09; n = 72, studies = 1, low-certainty evidence). Esketamine treatment likely results in a large increase in participants achieving remission at 24 hours compared with placebo (OR 2.74, 95% CI 1.71 to 4.40; n = 894, studies = 5, moderate-certainty evidence). Esketamine probably results in decreases in depression rating scale scores at 24 hours compared with placebo (SMD -0.31, 95% CI -0.45 to -0.17; n = 824, studies = 4, moderate-certainty evidence). Our findings show that esketamine increased response rates, although this evidence is uncertain (OR 2.11, 95% CI 1.20 to 3.68; n = 1071, studies = 5, low-certainty evidence). There was no evidence that participants assigned to esketamine treatment dropped out of trials more frequently than those assigned to placebo for any reason (OR 1.58, 95% CI 0.92 to 2.73; n = 773, studies = 4,moderate-certainty evidence). We found very little evidence for the remaining glutamate receptor modulators. We rated the risk of bias as low or unclear for most domains, though lack of detail regarding masking of treatment in the studies reduced our certainty in the effect for all outcomes. Authors' conclusions: Our findings show that ketamine and esketamine may be more efficacious than placebo at 24 hours. How these findings translate into clinical practice, however, is not entirely clear. The evidence for use of the remaining glutamate receptor modulators is limited as very few trials were included in the meta-analyses for each comparison and the majority of comparisons included only one study. Long term non-inferiority RCTs comparing repeated ketamine and esketamine, and rigorous real-world monitoring are needed to establish comprehensive data on safety and efficacy.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: A Systematic Review and Network Meta-analysis: La Stimulation Magnétique Transcrânienne Répétitive Pour le Traitement du Trouble de Stress Post-Traumatique : Une Revue Systématique et une Méta-Analyse en Réseau$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising treatment modality for Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Several targets and stimulation parameters have been investigated, and while previous meta-analyses have suggested that rTMS is efficacious, these have pooled different stimulation parameters and targets, and the relative efficacy of each is unknown. Methods: We therefore performed a systematic review and network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) by searching MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, and PsycINFO and retaining RCTs with at least 5 individuals per arm and clinician-rated PTSD symptoms (PROSPERO CRD42019134984). We adhered to PRISMA guidelines, and 2 independent reviewers screened studies for eligibility and extracted the primary outcome of clinician-rated PTSD symptoms. Dropouts were extracted as a proxy for acceptability. Random effects pairwise meta-analyses and a network meta-analysis were performed. Results: We synthesize data from 10 RCTs with a total of 421 participants. Two rTMS interventions targeting the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) improved PTSD symptoms relative to sham: low-frequency stimulation (SMD = 0.70; 95% CI, 0.22 to 1.18) and high-frequency stimulation (SMD = 0.71; 95% CI, 0.11 to 1.31). Medial PFC dTMS, right DLPFC intermittent theta-burst stimulation, and left DLPFC high-frequency stimulation did not separate from sham. Dropouts as a proxy for acceptability revealed no differences between any of the active conditions or sham nor did any of the active conditions differ from each other. Conclusion: The current literature does not support efficacy differences between interventions; however, protocols stimulating the right DLPFC appear superior to sham. It is unclear whether this reflects heterogeneity in pathology requiring a personalized medicine approach or nonspecific mechanisms of rTMS.
The Impact of Thoracic Epidural Analgesia Versus Four Quadrant Transversus Abdominis Plane Block on Quality of Recovery After Cytoreductive Surgery with Hyperthermic Intraperitoneal Chemotherapy Surgery: A Single-Center, Noninferiority, Randomized, Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Recovery after CRS-HIPEC influenced by several factors, including pain and opioid consumption. We hypothesized that 4Q-TAP blocks provide not inferior quality of recovery compared with TEA after CRS-HIPEC. We conducted a randomized, controlled trial to determine whether 4-quadrant transversus abdominis plane (4Q-TAP) block analgesia was noninferior to thoracic epidural (TEA) among patients who underwent cytoreductive surgery with hyperthermic intraperitoneal chemotherapy (CRS HIPEC). Methods: Patients 18 years or older who underwent a CRS-HIPEC surgery were randomly assigned to have either TEA or 4Q-TAP blocks. The primary outcome of this study was the change in quality of recovery 2 days after surgery. Secondary outcomes included quality of recovery on Days 1, 3, 5, 7, 10, and 30 postoperatively, opioid consumption, pain intensity, length of stay, and postoperative complications. Analyses were performed on a per-protocol basis. Results: Sixty-eight patients were included in the analysis. The difference between 4Q-TAP and TEA in the mean QoR-15 change from surgery at postoperative Days 1, 2, and 3 was 0.80 (P = 0.004), −4.5 (P = 0.134), and 3.4 (P = 0.003), respectively. All differences through postoperative day 30 were significantly within the noninferiority boundary of −10 except at postoperative Day 2 (P = 0.134). Length of stay, opioid-related adverse events, and frequency and grade of complications were not significantly different between TEA and 4Q-TAP patients. Conclusions: Despite the significantly higher use of opioids after CRS-HIPEC in patients with 4Q-TAP blocks, their short-term quality of recovery was not inferior to those treated with TEA. Patients undergoing CRS-HIPEC can be effectively managed with 4Q-TAP blocks.
Relapse following bitemporal and high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective acute treatment for severe and/or medication-resistant depression but maintaining remission following completion of a course remains a clinical challenge. Methods: EFFECT-Dep Trial (ISRCTN23577151) participants with a DSM-IV major depressive episode who met remission criteria after a randomly assigned course of twice-weekly brief-pulse bitemporal (1.5 × seizure threshold) or high-dose (6 × seizure threshold) right unilateral ECT were monitored for relapse for 12 months. In line with the pragmatic trial design, all patients received treatment-as-usual individualised pharmacotherapy during and after ECT; no remitter received continuation ECT. Results: Of 61 remitters, 24 (39.3%) relapsed, one (1.6%) withdrew from the study while in remission and the remaining 36 (59.0%) stayed well for a year. Most relapses occurred within the first six months, resulting in a cumulative six-month relapse rate of 31.1%. In a multivariable Cox proportional hazards regression model, older age (p = 0.039) and psychotic features at pre-ECT baseline (p = 0.037) were associated with a more favourable long-term prognosis while a greater number of previous depressive episodes (p = 0.028) and bipolar II (but not bipolar I) diagnosis (p = 0.030) were associated with a worse long-term outcome. Electrode placement and medication resistance prior to ECT had no effect on relapse. Adjusting for covariates, fewer patients treated with lithium relapsed in the overall group (p = 0.008) and in the unipolar depression subgroup (p = 0.027). Conclusion: Long-term outcome following high-dose right unilateral ECT does not differ from bitemporal ECT. Prognosis is particularly favourable in older adults, psychotic depression and patients maintained on lithium.
Therapeutic efficacy of connectivity-directed transcranial magnetic stimulation on anticipatory anhedonia$$$ Background: There are currently no effective treatments specifically targeting anticipatory anhedonia, a major symptom of severe depression which is associated with poor outcomes. The present study investigated the efficacy of individualized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC)–nucleus accumbens (NAcc) network on anticipatory anhedonia in depression. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial (NCT03991572) enrolled 56 depression patients with anhedonia symptoms. Each participant received 15 once-daily sessions of rTMS at 10 Hz and 100% motor threshold. Stimulation was localized to the site of strongest IDLPFC–NAcc connectivity by functional magnetic resonance imaging. The Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD) was used to measure depression severity, the temporal experience pleasure scale (TEPS) to measure anticipatory and consummatory anhedonia to specifically measure anticipatory/motivational anhedonia. Event-related potentials during the monetary incentive delay (MID) task were recorded to evaluate the electrophysiological correlates of reward anticipation and response. Results: Patients in the Real group showed significant improvements in anticipatory anhedonia and general depression symptoms posttreatment compared to the Sham group. The Real group also demonstrated more positive going cue-N2 and cue-P3 amplitude during MID reward trials after treatment. The change in cue-P3 posttreatment was positive correlated with improved TEPS-anti score. Conclusion: Individualized rTMS of the lDLPFC–NAcc network can effectively alleviate anticipatory anhedonia and improved the reward seeking as evidenced by enhanced MID behavioral performance and more positive going cue-N2 and cue-P3. The lDLPFC-NAcc network plays a critical role in anticipatory reward and motivation processing.
The effects of intensity on a phonological treatment for anomia in post-stroke aphasia$$$ Introduction: The evidence regarding optimal treatment intensity is mixed, and differing definitions have further confounded existing findings. The primary objective of this study was to compare the efficacy of Phonological Components Analysis (PCA) treatment for anomia delivered at intense and non-intense schedules, using a well-controlled design. The number of teaching episodes and active ingredients of therapy are important considerations when defining intensity. We hypothesized that an active ingredient of PCA is the self-generation of phonological components during therapy sessions. Our secondary aim was to examine whether component generation predicted treatment outcome. Methods: Sixteen adults (M = 52.63 years old, SD = 11.40) with chronic post-stroke aphasia (M = 4.52 years post-onset, SD = 5.55) were randomly assigned to intensive (IT) or standard (ST) PCA treatment conditions. Cumulative treatment intensity in both conditions was equivalent: ST participants received PCA 1 hour/day, 3 days/week for 10 weeks, whereas IT participants received PCA 3 hours/day, 4 days/week for 2.5 weeks. The primary outcome was naming accuracy on a set of treated and (matched) untreated words, measured pre- and post-treatment, and at four- and eight-week follow-ups. Results: IT and ST conditions were similarly efficacious. However, secondary analyses suggest an advantage for the IT condition in naming of the treated words immediately post-treatment, but not at follow-ups. The self-generation of phonological components emerged as a significant positive predictor of naming accuracy for both the treated and untreated words. However, this relationship did not reach significance once baseline anomia severity was accounted for. Conclusions: Although replication in a larger sample is warranted, results suggest that PCA treatment is similarly efficacious when delivered at different intensities. Other factors related to the quality of treatment (i.e., active ingredients such as cue-generation) may play an important role in determining treatment efficacy and must also be considered when comparing treatment intensities.
Neurophysiological effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treatment resistant depression$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective for treatment resistant depression (TRD), but little is known about rTMS’ effects on neurophysiological markers. We previously identified neurophysiological markers in depression (N45 and N100) of GABA receptor mediated inhibition. Here, we indexed TMS-electroencephalographic (TMS-EEG) effects of rTMS. Methods: TMS-EEG data was analyzed from a double blind 2:1 randomized active (10 Hz left/bilateral):sham rTMS TRD trial. Participants underwent TMS-EEG over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) before and after 6 weeks of rTMS. 30 had useable datasets. TMS-evoked potentials (TEP) and components (N45, N100, P60) were examined with global mean field analysis (GMFA) and locally in DLPFC regions of interest. Results: The N45 amplitude differed between active and sham groups over time, N100 amplitude did not. N45 (t = 2.975, p = 0.007) and N100 amplitudes (t = 2.177, p = 0.042) decreased after active rTMS, demonstrating alterations in cortical inhibition. TEP amplitudes decreased after active rTMS in left (t = 4.887, p < 0.001) and right DLPFC (t = 4.403, p < 0.001) not sham rTMS, demonstrating alterations in cortical excitability. Conclusions: Our results provide important new knowledge regarding rTMS effects on TMS-EEG measures in TRD, suggesting rTMS reduces neurophysiological markers of inhibition and excitability. Significance: These findings uncover potentially important neurophysiological mechanisms of rTMS action.
Blood transcriptional response to treatment-resistant depression during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are currently the first-line antidepressant drug treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). Treatment-resistant depression (TRD), defined as failure to achieve remission despite adequate treatment, affects ~30% of persons with MDD. The current recommended treatment for TRD is electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), while ketamine is an experimentally suggested treatment. This study aimed to elucidate the transcriptional differences in peripheral blood mononuclear cells (PBMC) between individuals with TRD and a control group without a psychiatric illness; and between patients with TRD, treated with either standard antidepressant drugs alone, or in combination with ECT or ketamine. Additionally, PBMC transcriptomics were compared between treatment responders, following completion of their treatment protocols. Total RNA was extracted from PBMC of the TRD group at two time points, and RNA and miRNA expression were profiled. Multiple mRNAs and miRNAs were found to be modified, with two protein coding genes, FKBP5 and ITGA2B, which are up- and downregulated, respectively; and several miRNAs have shown changes following successful ECT treatment. Further analysis demonstrated the direct functional regulation of ITGA2B by miR-24–3p. Our findings suggest that PBMC expression levels of FKBP5, ITGA2B, and miR-24–3p should be further explored as tentative ECT response biomarkers.
Efficacy of ehealth interventions for adults with diabetes: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ The aim is to provide meta-analytical evidence on eHealth interventions’ efficacy in supporting the psychosocial and physical well-being of adults with type 1 or type 2 Diabetes Mellitus (DM), and to investigate differences in interventions primarily targeted at providing glycemic control vs. psychosocial support. A PRISMA-guided systematic search was conducted. Randomized Controlled Trials (RCTs) regarding eHealth interventions for adults (18–65 years) with DM were included. Data were pooled using Standard Mean Difference (SMD); sub-group analysis and meta-regressions were performed when appropriate. Outcomes were Hemoglobin A1c (HbA1c), diabetes distress, quality of life, anxiety, stress, and depression. Intervention acceptability was assessed performing the Odds Ratio (OR) of drop-out rates. Thirteen RCTs comprising 1315 participants were included (52.09% females; Mage = 46.18, SD = 9.98). Analyses showed intervention efficacy on HbA1c (SMD = −0.40; 95% CI = −0.70, −0.12; k = 13) and depressive symptoms (SMD = −0.18; 95% CI = −0.33, −0.02; k = 6) at RCTs endpoint and were well accepted (OR = 1.43; 95% CI = 0.72, 2.81; k = 10). However, efficacy on HbA1c was not maintained at follow-up (SMD = −0.13; 95% CI = −0.31, 0.05; k = 6). eHealth interventions providing medical support were acceptable and effective in fostering glycemic control and decreasing depressive symptoms in the short-term only. Digital solutions should be developed on multiple levels to fully support the psychophysical well-being of people with DM.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and its role in suicidality – A systematic review$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a brain stimulation modality is approved for the treatment of resistant depression and its efficacy in depression is also well supported in several studies. However, its effect on suicidality is still unclear, unlike electroconvulsive therapy. Methodology: This paper provides a systematic review of the literature published till June 2021. Studies that used rTMS as either monotherapy or adjunctive treatment in patients with suicidality, irrespective of their diagnosis, were included. The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines was followed. A total of 20 studies (N = 1584) were included for the qualitative synthesis. The quality of studies was assessed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias tool for Randomised control trials (RCT) and the Newcastle–Ottawa Scale tool for Non-Randomised studies (NRS). Results: Of the 20 articles selected for qualitative synthesis, 11 were RCTs and 9 were NRS. The results are categorized in domains of type of the study, size of population, type of population, diagnosis, assessment scales, mode of rTMS, stimulus parameters, safety and efficacy. Conclusions: The high frequency rTMS at left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex as an adjunct to antidepressant medication is promising in reducing suicidal behaviour in treatment resistant depression. However, role of TMS targeting other areas of stimulation in mitigating suicide risk in other disorders could not be established due to scarcity of such studies. The results should be interpreted cautiously as considerable risk of bias was present in the reviewed studies.
The effects of individual cognitive behavior therapy on nausea and vomiting of pregnancy: A quasi-experimental study$$$ Background and purpose: Nausea and vomiting of pregnancy (NVP) is the third leading cause of hospitalization among pregnant women. It is caused by both biological and psychological factors. The present study aimed to examine the effects of the individual cognitive behavior therapy (ICBT) on NVP. Materials and methods: This two-group quasi-experimental study included 52 pregnant women with moderate to severe NVP. Participants were consecutively recruited and allocated to intervention and comparison group (26 in each group). Participants in the intervention groups received the ICBT in six sessions (in addition usual prenatal care), while those in the comparison group just received usual prenatal care. NVP was assessed before, immediately after, and one, two, three, and four weeks after the intervention. Data were collected via a socio-demographic and clinical characteristics questionnaire, the Pregnancy-Unique Quantification of Emesis/Nausea scale, the Spielberger State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, and the Edinburg Postnatal Depression Scale. The Chi-square, the independent-sample t, and the Mann-Whitney U tests as well as the generalized estimating equations were used, at a significance level of less than 0.05. Results: Compared to the comparison group, the ICBT group showed significant reductions in the number of vomiting episodes immediately and 1–4 weeks after intervention. For the nausea duration and number of retching episodes, the ICBT and comparison group showed significant time-group interactions, but generalized estimating equations testing revealed no significant group differences at before mentioned times. Conclusion: Further investigation with a randomized control group may have some implications towards integration of psychological interventions into routine prenatal care.
Accelerated theta burst stimulation for the treatment of depression: A randomised controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Theta burst pattern repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) is increasingly applied to treat depression. TBS's brevity is well-suited to application in accelerated schedules. Sizeable trials of accelerated TBS are lacking; and optimal TBS parameters such as stimulation intensity are not established. Methods: We conducted a three arm, single blind, randomised, controlled, multi-site trial comparing accelerated bilateral TBS applied at 80 % or 120 % of the resting motor threshold and left unilateral 10 Hz rTMS. 300 patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) were recruited. TBS arms applied 20 bilateral prefrontal TBS sessions over 10 days, while the rTMS arm applied 20 daily sessions of 10 Hz rTMS to the left prefrontal cortex over 4 weeks. Primary outcome was depression treatment response at week 4. Results: The overall treatment response rate was 43.7 % and the remission rate was 28.2 %. There were no significant differences for response (p = 0.180) or remission (p = 0.316) across the three groups. Response rates between accelerated bilateral TBS applied at sub- and supra-threshold intensities were not significantly different (p = 0.319). Linear mixed model analysis showed a significant effect of time (p < 0.01), but not rTMS type (p = 0.680). Conclusion: This is the largest accelerated bilateral TBS study to date and provides evidence that it is effective and safe in treating TRD. The accelerated application of TBS was not associated with more rapid antidepressant effects. Bilateral sequential TBS did not have superior antidepressant effect to unilateral 10 Hz rTMS. There was no significant difference in antidepressant efficacy between sub- and supra-threshold accelerated bilateral TBS.
A patient-oriented analysis of pain side effect: A step to improve the patient's experience during rTMS?$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an efficacious and well-tolerated intervention for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). A novel rTMS protocol, intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) has been recently implemented in clinical practice, and it is essential to characterize the factors associated to pain and the trajectory of pain of iTBS compared to standard rTMS protocols. Objective: We aimed to characterize the side effect profile and the pain trajectories of High-Frequency Left (HFL) and iTBS in TRD patients in the THREE-D trial. We also investigated factors associated to pain and the relationship between pain and clinical outcomes. Methods: 414 patients were randomized to either HFL or iTBS. Severity of pain was measured after every treatment. General Estimating Equation was used to investigate factors associated with pain. Latent class linear mixed model was used to investigate latent classes of pain trajectories over the course of rTMS. Results: Higher level of pain was associated with older age, higher stimulation intensity, higher anxiety, female, and non-response. The severity of pain significantly declined over the course of treatments with a steeper decrease early on in the course of the treatment in both protocols, and four latent pain trajectories were identified. The less favorable pain trajectories were associated with non-response and higher stimulation intensity. Conclusions: HFL and iTBS were associated with similar factors and pain trajectories, although iTBS was more uncomfortable. Response to rTMS was associated with less pain and more favorable pain trajectories furthering the evince base of overlapping neurobiological underpinnings of mood and pain. We translated these results into patient-oriented information to aid in the decision-making process when considering rTMS.
The long-term effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of intractable insomnia$$$ Objective: To explore the differences in clinical efficacy of different courses of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of intractable insomnia and the duration of clinical efficacy after cessation of treatment. Method: 70 patients with intractable insomnia were randomly divided into 1 treatment course group and 2 treatment courses group. The rTMS course consisted of daily sessions of 1200 stimuli for the r-DLPFC at a frequency of 1 Hz and 800 stimuli for parietal lobe (CPZ) at a frequency of 1 Hz. The pitchburg sleep index (PSQI), Hamilton depression scale (HAMD), Hamilton anxiety scale (HAMA), and cardiopulmonary coupled sleep (CPC) were assessed for 35 patients in each group at baseline, at 2 weeks, and at 1 and 3 months after treatment. Result: The scores of PSQI, HAMD and HAMA in the 2 groups were significantly improved after 1 month of follow-up after rTMS treatment (p < 0.01). The long-term effect of different treatment courses is different. After 2 consecutive courses of treatment, there was still a significant difference between the 3-month follow-up and the pre-treatment period (p < 0.05). However, there was no statistical difference between the 3-month follow-up of one course of treatment and the pre-treatment period. The results of CPC test showed that the improvement of total sleep time (TST), and deep sleep time (DST) was basically consistent with the assessment of PSQI, HAMD and HAMA that the clinical efficacy of the 3-month follow-up was better than that of one course of treatment after 2 consecutive courses of treatment. Conclusion: The treatment of refractory insomnia by rTMS is effective, and the duration of the curative effect is related to the course of treatment. 2 consecutive courses of treatment still have a certain effect after 3 months, which is worthy of clinical promotion.
Corrigendum to, ‘Accelerated theta burst stimulation for the treatment of depression: A randomised controlled trial’ [Brain Stimulat. 14(5) (2021) 1095–1105] (Brain Stimulation (2021) 14(5) (1095–1105), (S1935861X2100156X), (10.1016/j.brs.2021.07.018))$$$ The authors of this paper would like to point out that there is a missing comma in Table 7. The analysis of effect over time for the SSI measure should read: ‘F(4, 189.29) = 31.56’, not ‘F(4189.29) = 31.56).’ The authors apologise for this error.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) for major depression – Interim analysis of cloud supervised technical data from the DepressionDC trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of prefrontal cortex regions has been reported to exert antidepressant effects, though large scale multicenter trials in major depressive disorder (MDD) supporting this notion are still lacking. Application of tDCS in multicenter settings, however, requires measurement, storage and evaluation of technical parameters of tDCS sessions not only for safety reasons but also for quality control. To address this issue, we conducted an interim analysis of supervised technical data across study centers in order to monitor technical quality of tDCS in an ongoing multicenter RCT in MDD (DepressionDC trial). Methods: Technical data of 818 active tDCS sessions were recorded, stored in a data cloud, and analysed without violating study blinding. Impedance, voltage and current were monitored continuously with one data point recorded every second of stimulation. Results: Variability of impedance was considerable (1,42 kΩ, to 8,23 kΩ), inter-individually and even more intra-individually, but did not significantly differ between the study centre in Munich and all other sites. Conclusion: Measurement, centralized data storage via data cloud and remote supervision of technical parameters of tDCS are feasible and proposed for future RCTs on therapeutic tDCS in multiple settings.
Neuromodulatory treatments for psychiatric disease: A comprehensive survey of the clinical trial landscape$$$ Background: Numerous neuromodulatory therapies are currently under investigation or in clinical use for the treatment of psychiatric conditions. Objective/hypothesis: We sought to catalogue past and present human research studies on psychiatric neuromodulation and identify relevant trends in this field. Methods: ClinicalTrials.gov (https://www.clinicaltrials.gov/) and the International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (https://www.who.int/ictrp/en/) were queried in March 2020 for trials assessing the outcome of neuromodulation for psychiatric disorders. Relevant trials were categorized by variables such as neuromodulation modality, country, brain target, publication status, design, and funding source. Results: From 72,086 initial search results, 1252 unique trials were identified. The number of trials registered annually has consistently increased. Half of all trials were active and a quarter have translated to publications. The largest proportion of trials involved depression (45%), schizophrenia (18%), and substance use disorders (14%). Trials spanned 37 countries; China, the second largest contributor (13%) after the United States (28%), has increased its output substantially in recent years. Over 75% of trials involved non-convulsive non-invasive modalities (e.g., transcranial magnetic stimulation), while convulsive (e.g., electroconvulsive therapy) and invasive modalities (e.g., deep brain stimulation) were less represented. 72% of trials featured approved or cleared interventions. Characteristic inter-modality differences were observed with respect to enrollment size, trial design/phase, and funding. Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex accounted for over half of focal neuromodulation trial targets. The proportion of trials examining biological correlates of neuromodulation has increased. Conclusion(s): These results provide a comprehensive overview of the state of psychiatric neuromodulation research, revealing the growing scope and internationalism of this field.
Systematic Review of Preservation TMS that includes Continuation, Maintenance, Relapse-prevention, and Rescue TMS$$$ Abstract Background: A dearth of evidence-based information exists to guide the delivery of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) after a successful acute course of treatment for major depressive disorder. This project sought to review the literature to provide guidance to clinicians. Methods: The literature on preservation TMS was systematically reviewed. We defined preservation TMS as the use of TMS to sustain a clinical response after a successful somatic treatment. This is also variably referred to in the literature as maintenance, continuation, relapse prevention, or rescue TMS. The review protocol was registered on Open Science Framework and reported following PRISMA guidelines. Data were abstracted by two authors and discrepancies resolved by a third author. Primary outcome measures focused on clinical efficacy. The evaluated studies were graded using the Levels of Evidence criteria published by the Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine. Results: The initial search included 542 abstracts which resulted in 53 full articles being screened. Data were abstracted from 27 sources including: 4 randomized controlled trials: 14 open trials; and 9 case series. The use of randomization was limited, and only one randomized trial involved a sham-control. Overall, the quality of existing literature was low regarding efficacy but provides support for effectiveness and safety given the positive reports on mostly uncontrolled studies. Conclusions: Existing literature suggests that TMS preservation approaches significantly vary and are only marginally supported by research. Due to lack of good alternatives, however, preservation TMS will likely be required for certain patients to sustain wellness. More studies are critically needed.
Comparison of Left Unilateral TMS Treatment vs. Sequential Bilateral Treatment in a Large Registry Cohort$$$ Background: Best practices for administration of TMS in depressed populations remain uncertain. Many TMS providers utilize a sequential bilateral approach (10 Hz on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex followed by 1Hz applied to the right DLPFC) despite a meager evidence base. We compare unilateral left-sided and bilateral stimulation in a large naturalistic database. Methods: From 10,130 treated patients at 107 sites, 3,328 left-sided and 544 bilaterally treated patients qualified for the modified intent to treat (mITT) sample defined as: primary MDD diagnosis, age ≥ 18, completion of the Patient Health Questionaire-9 (PHQ-9) at baseline and at least once post baseline, as well as 100% of treatments left sided for the unilateral cohort and at least 90% of treatments bilateral for the bilateral cohort. The subgroup of completers (N=2,618 left, N=431 bilateral) were responders or had received ≥ 20 sessions and had an end of acute treatment PHQ-9 assessment. Clinical Global Inventory-Severity (CGI-S) was also collected. Results: Within each comparator group (mITT, completer) and with either outcome measure (PHQ-9 or CGI-S) there was never a superior outcome for the bilaterally treated group. All analyses found either no statistical difference (PHQ-9 for mITT and Completer) or statistical superiority of unilateral treatment (all CGI-S outcomes). For the mITT group, PHQ-9 response and remission rates were 65.1%/35.4% unilateral vs 61.1%/32.2% bilateral (both NS). For the CGI-S response/remission rates were 82.2%/61.0% unilateral vs. 67.3%/46.4% bilateral (p<.001 for both). Conclusions: These data do not support the use of bilateral TMS in the routine care of MDD. Conflicts of Interests: Please see Author Disclosures document Funding: This work was supported by Neuronetics.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Treatment of Major Depression during Pregnancy: A Case Series$$$ Background: Research to date using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) during pregnancy investigated lower motor threshold (MT) percentages, reduced pulses per session and fewer total number of sessions compared to standard of care rTMS depression protocols. We present a case series of four pregnant women with MDD treated with full intensity rTMS. Methods: Four pregnant women were treated with 36 rTMS sessions. Each session included 5Hz continuous theta burst stimulation to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 80%MT for 1200 pulses, 5Hz intermittent theta burst stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 80%MT for 200 pulses and 10Hz intermittent single pulse stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 120%MT for 3000 pulses. Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) was assessed at baseline, and around sessions 10, 20 and 30. Neonatal records documenting gestational age, maternal/infant complications, and APGAR scores were reviewed. Results: Four out of four (100%) women responded (50% or greater decrease in PHQ-9 scores). Two out of four (50%) women achieved remission (defined as a post-treatment PHQ-9 score ≤ 5). No adverse pregnancy or fetal outcomes were observed. Conclusions: Full intensity rTMS (standard of care MT percentages, total number of pulses per session and total number of sessions) was a safe and effective treatment for this sample of pregnant women with MDD. Continued research is needed to further assess the safety of full intensity rTMS for women with MDD during pregnancy and to compare efficacy outcomes with reduced intensity protocols. Conflicts of Interest: None to Report. Funding: Neuro Wellness Spa
Analysis of multi-center MDD trials indicates direct, polysymptomatic effect of rTMS on depression and anxiety with H1-coil and delayed, indirect effect on anxiety with figure-8 coil$$$ Background: rTMS with a figure of 8 (F8) coil effects depressive and anxiety symptoms in MDD differently depending on coil placement (Siddiqi et al., 2020). While a session for targeting each symptom cluster would be required, a broader coil, such as the H1 coil, that stimulates multiple cluster targets simultaneously may be more effective. Methods: This hypothesis was tested using data from RCTs using either the H1 (Levkovitz et al., 2015) or the F8 coil (George et al., 2010). Anxiety and depression clusters were extracted from the HDRS. The uniformity of symptom treatment was measured by pairwise correlations of the stimulation related change in severity of each cluster. A cross-lagged analysis determined whether the correlations resulted directly from the stimulation or were a byproduct of TMS’ anti-depressive effect leading to a reduction in anxiety. Results: The correlation r-values for H1 and F8 are 0.44 (p<0.00003) and 0.36 (p<0.0007) respectively. While the higher value for H1 over F8 is not significant (p = 0.28), only H1 is significant compared to its sham group (p=0.03). In addition, the cross lagged analysis revealed that for F8, the reduction in anxiety follows a decrease in depression. Conclusions: While both coils lead to a reduction of depression and anxiety, the correlation between symptoms for the F8 results not from simultaneous treatment of anxiety with depression but rather from a lagged reduction of anxiety that follows a decrease in depression. The correlation for the H1 meanwhile can be interpreted as resulting from simultaneous treatment of both as hypothesized. References: George, M.S., Lisanby, S.H., Avery, D., McDonald, W.M., Durkalski, V., Pavlicova, M., Anderson, B., Nahas, Z., Bulow, P., Zarkowski, P., Holtzheimer, P.E., Schwartz, T., Sackeim, H.A., 2010. Daily Left Prefrontal Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Therapy for Major Depressive Disorder: A Sham-Controlled Randomized Trial. Arch Gen Psychiatry 67, 507–516. Levkovitz, Y., Isserles, M., Padberg, F., Lisanby, S.H., Bystritsky, A., Xia, G., Tendler, A., Daskalakis, Z.J., Winston, J.L., Dannon, P., 2015. Efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: a prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial. World Psychiatry 14, 64–73. Siddiqi, S.H., Taylor, S.F., Cooke, D., Pascual-Leone, A., George, M.S., Fox, M.D., 2020. Distinct Symptom-Specific Treatment Targets for Circuit-Based Neuromodulation. AJP 177, 435–446. Disclosures: AZ and YR are inventors of deep TMS technology and have financial interest in BrainsWay Ltd., a company that develops and commercialize deep TMS devices. SZ and GP are BrainsWay employees. All other authors declare no competing interests.
EFFICACY OF UNILATERAL VS. BILATERAL RTMS TREATMENT ON SUICIDAL IDEATION IN PATIENTS WITH DEPRESSION AND COMORBID ANXIETY$$$ Background: This study assessed suicidal ideation (SI) severity in 1001 patients (nmales=321, Mage=44.82 years, SDage=15.93 years) primarily diagnosed with major depressive disorder (MDD) with a secondary diagnosis of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) using CHRT risk subscale scores (CHRT-R) and PHQ-9 Item #9 scores (I#9) before and after a course of rTMS in a naturalistic, clinical setting. Methods: Patients received 30 to 36 rTMS treatments (M=35.90, SD=.58) either bilaterally (right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) at 1 Hz for 360 pulses, then left dlPFC stimulation at 20 Hz for 1200 pulses (n=678)) or unilaterally (left dlPFC at 10 Hz for 3000 pulses (n=323)). PHQ-9, GAD-7, and CHRT scores were obtained before and after the treatment course. Results: 47.75% of patients (nMDD=1001) achieved MDD remission (≤4 on PHQ-9), 54.75% of patients (nGAD=1001) achieved GAD remission (≤4 on GAD-7). Of the 40.8% of patients with SI (nSI=408) prior to treatment, 299 (73.28%) achieved remission (I#9 score = 0) by the end of treatment (V=1356, dpaired=1.46, p<.001). Reductions in suicidality were statistically significant with a moderate effect size, on both the I#9 (V=4224, dpaired=.57, p<.001) and the CHRT-R subscale (V=15622, dpaired=.52, p<.001). Comparing outcomes for unilateral vs. bilateral rTMS, there were no significant differences in the degree of improvement in suicidality on either the I#9 score or CHRT-R score (p>0.05). Conclusions: Both unilateral and bilateral rTMS achieved significant reductions in suicidality, with moderate effect sizes overall. The two types of intervention each showed similar effectiveness against suicidality, without significant differences in outcome. Funding: Patients who were already seeking TMS treatment were financially responsible for their acute courses of rTMS treatment. Therapy may have been covered by insurance and/or privately paid for by the patient. Tablets used to conduct the assessments and for TMS therapy documentation are privately owned by Salience. Disclosures: All authors are employees of Salience and/or SHWC. J. Kriske holds stakes and serves as Director of Clinical Research & Development at Salience, N. Donachie serves as Chief Medical Officer and Medical Director at Salience & SHWC and holds stakes at SHWC, & J. Downar serves as Chief Clinical Officer at Salience & SHWC. J. Downar is employed by the University of Toronto.
Does 10-Hz rTMS work through long-term potentiation?$$$ Background: From the beginning of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), parameter selection has necessarily been largely educated guesswork thanks to infinite parameter space; rendering systematic testing impossible. However, better understanding of the fundamental mechanisms of rTMS could provide insight to better navigate parameter selection. Evidence for long-term potentiation (LTP) lacks specificity in human studies thus far. Moreover, pharmacology combined with mechanism-revealing paired-pulse (PPTMS) neurophysiology measures before and after rTMS remain essentially unexplored. Methods: We test the sufficiency of n-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor agonism on PPTMS, including intracortical inhibition and facilitation (ICI, ICF), before and after 10-Hz rTMS in ten healthy adults. In this double-blind randomized crossover study, ICI and ICF were obtained from a subthreshold conditioning pulse followed by a suprathreshold test pulse at 3 ms and 15 ms apart, respectively. 10 Hz rTMS duty cycle was 1.5s on, 58.5 s off at 80% motor threshold. 100 mg d-cycloserine (DCS) or identical placebo capsule was administered 2 hours before rTMS. Results: Mean ICF percent change for post-rTMS – pre-rTMS with DCS was -0.48, compared to 0.36 with placebo (Figure 1B, p = 0.037, Cohen’s d = 1.13). Mean ICI percent change post-rTMS – pre-rTMS was -0.26 with DCS, compared to 0.25 with placebo (Figure 1D, p = 0.027, Cohen’s d = 1.16). Conclusions: 10-Hz rTMS in the motor cortex produced facilitation through glutamatergic transmission; and when combined with DCS, appears to occlude ICF, and initiate homeostatic depression unmasked by ICI. These data provide evidence towards an LTP-like mechanism underlying 10-Hz rTMS. Conflicts of Interests: None to Report Funding: This work was supported by the DART Training Grant at Medical University of South Carolina, National Institutes of Health, Grant number: R25DA020537. Dr. Yuan’s effort was supported by NIMH grant R25MH101076.
Reintroduction TMS as a Strategy for Maintenance Treatment for Adolescents with Treatment Resistant Depression$$$ Background: The goal of this project was to characterize a 6-month course of adolescents with treatment resistant depression (TRD) who responded to acute 10 Hz TMS treatments. Methods: This study enrolled adolescents aged 12-21 years (N=65) who received protocol- defined benefit from acute TMS treatment in a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial of 10 Hz TMS. Patients were monitored for worsening with serial Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale (CGI-S) assessments. If the CGI-S worsened by 1 or more points, patients were retreated with active TMS for up to 6 weeks until depressive symptom severity returned to the baseline score at the beginning of the 6-month study. Results: Twenty-four adolescent patients discontinued the study prior to the end of 6 months. The remaining patients previously had either received 6 weeks of active TMS (n=14 with 12 receiving retreatment), 12 weeks of active TMS (n=5 with 2 receiving retreatment), 6 weeks of sham TMS and 6 weeks of active TMS (n=11 with 6 receiving retreatment) or 6 weeks of sham TMS (n=11 with 8 receiving retreatment). Retreatment was feasible, tolerable, and safe. There were no statistically significant differences in efficacy outcomes measuring depressive symptom severity or number of retreatment sessions delivered among the four groups of patients. Conclusions: This is the largest study of maintenance TMS for adolescents to date. This approach was feasible and effective for maintaining response following an acute course of active or sham TMS. Future studies should consider these results in novel acute TMS dose finding protocols for adolescent patients. Funding: This study was funded by Neuronetics, Inc. Conflicts of Interests: Dr. Croarkin has received research support from the National Institute of Mental Health, Magventure, Neuronetics, NeoSync and Pfizer. He has received material support from and provided consultation to Myriad Neuroscience. He has consulted for Procter & Gamble Company. Dr. Elmaadawi receives research support from Duke University and University of North Western. He receives research funding from Neurocrine, Inc and Neuronetics. Dr. Aaronson has received research support from Compass Pathways and Neuronetics and serves as a consultant to LivaNova, Neuronetics, Janssen, Genomind, and Sage Therapeutics. He serves on speaker boards for Janssen and Sunovion. Dr. Holbert has received material support (equipment) from Neuronetics. He is also a speaker for Neuronetics. Dr. Demitrack is a consultant to Neuronetics, Inc. and a full-time employee of Trevena, Inc. Dr. Strawn has received research support from Allergan, Neuronetics, Otsuka, the National Institute of Mental Health, National Institute of Child Health and Development and National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences as well as the Yung Family Foundation. He receives royalties from Springer Publishing and received honoraria from CMEology and Neuroscience Educational Institute. He receives royalties from UpToDate. Finally, he received material support from and provided consultation to Myriad Genetics, Intracellular Therapeutics and the FDA. The other authors have no disclosures.
iTBS combined with Cognitive Behavioral Therapy for treatment resistance depression (TRD).$$$ Objective: Compare the level of effectiveness of iTBS vs a combination of iTBS + CBT for the treatment of TRD patients. Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation has proven to be effective showing response and remission in patients with TRD diagnose. Adding to this, CBT is considered one of the most effective psychotherapies in the treatment of depression. A combination of these therapies (TMS+CBT) appears to be a better option for patients who have failed to achieve a satisfactory improvement from antidepressant medication rather than only TMS. Design / Methods: 14 patients (aged between 24 to 74 years old) diagnosed with treatment resistance depression (TRD). The therapy consisted of 30 TMS sessions with theta burst stimulation (iTBS). The patients were randomly divided into two groups. 7 patients received TMS therapy and the other half TMS combined with CBT. PHQ-9 scale was used for pre and post treatment evaluations. Results: All 14 patients completed the study without significant side effects. The iTBS + CBT group had a remission rate of 85,71%. The monotherapy group with iTBS had a remission rate of 42,85%. Conclusions: CBT adjunctive therapy to iTBS for treatment resistance depression appears to be well tolerated and seems feasible to apply. In this group of patients, the combination of iTBS and CBT shows better remission numbers than monotherapy with iTBS. Further search is needed to corroborate these findings. Conflicts of Interests: None to report. Funding: self-funding References 1. Vedeniapin, A., Cheng, L., & George, M. S. (2010). Feasibility of simultaneous cognitive behavioral therapy and left prefrontal rTMS for treatment resistant depression. Brain Stimulation: Basic, Translational, and Clinical Research in Neuromodulation, 3(4), 207-210. 2. Schiena, G., Maggioni, E., Pozzoli, S., & Brambilla, P. (2020). Transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder: Response modulation and state dependency. Journal of affective disorders, 266, 793-801. 3. Salemi Khamene, A., Bakhtiaripour, S., Naderi, F., Heidari, A., & Ehteshamzadeh, P. (2019). Comparing the effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive-behavioral therapy on anxiety and depression. Journal of fundamentals of mental health, 22(1), 27-30. 4. Donse, L., Padberg, F., Sack, A. T., Rush, A. J., & Arns, M. (2018). Simultaneous rTMS and psychotherapy in major depressive disorder: clinical outcomes and predictors from a large naturalistic study. Brain stimulation, 11(2), 337-345. 5. George, M. S. (2010). Transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression. Expert review of neurotherapeutics, 10(11), 1761-1772.
Early course PHQ-9 score reduction predicts outcomes in rTMS for Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Understanding predictors of rTMS responders could influence clinical decision making. The objective of this retrospective case series is to test whether early-course reduction in the PHQ-9 scores of patients being treated for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) with repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) would significantly differentiate responders from non-responders. Methods: 985 adult patients with Major Depressive Disorder who completed a treatment course of rTMS in the year 2020 (Left DLPFC, 120% MT, 10hz, 3,000 pulses per treatment) were randomly selected. PHQ-9 scores were assessed prior to initiating treatment and weekly until treatment completion. Patients with a ≥20% reduction in PHQ-9 scores at session 10 were compared to patients who had <20% reduction in PHQ-9 scores at session 10 regarding their ability to achieve remission (PHQ-9 score <5) or a clinically significant improvement of MDD symptomatology (PHQ-9 score reduction ≥50%). Results: Out of the 985 patients, those that had a ≥20% reduction in PHQ-9 scores at session 10 achieved clinical remission 54.07% of the time. (vs. 11.34%) and 81.60% of them achieved a clinically significant improvement (vs. 35.16%). A PHQ-9 score reduction of <20% at rTMS session 10 has a negative predictive value of 88.64% (84.59% -91.73%, 95% CI) of a patient achieving remission by the end of treatment. Conclusion: This retrospective case series suggests that PHQ-9 score changes by session 10 are a strong predictor of clinical response for patients with Major Depressive Disorder receiving rTMS and could prove useful for decision making in a clinical setting. Conflicts of interest: None to report Funding: This work was not funded
The Efficacy of Measurement-Based Care for Depressive Disorders: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Objective: To determine the efficacy of measurement-based care (MBC), defined as routinely administered outcome measures with practitioner and patient review to inform clinical decisionmaking, for adults with depressive disorders. Data Sources: Embase, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, ClinicalTrials.gov, CNKI, and Wanfang Data were searched through July 1, 2020, using search terms for measurement-based care, depression, antidepressant or pharmacotherapy, and randomized controlled trials (RCTs), without language restriction. Study Selection: Of 8,879 articles retrieved, 7 RCTs (2,019 participants) evaluating MBC for depressive disorders, all involving pharmacotherapy, were included. Data Extraction: Two independent reviewers extracted data. The primary outcome was response rate (≥50% improvement from baseline to endpoint on a depression scale). Secondary clinical outcomes were remission rate (endpoint score in remission range), difference in endpoint severity, and medication adherence. Results: Meta-analysis with random-effects models found no significant difference between MBC and comparison groups in response rates (3 studies; odds ratio [OR] = 1.66; 95% CI, 0.66-4.17; P = .279). MBC was associated with significantly greater remission rates (5 studies; OR = 1.83; 95% CI, 1.12-2.97; P = .015), lower endpoint severity (5 studies; standardized mean difference = 0.53; CI 0.06-0.99; P = .026), and greater medication adherence (3 studies; OR = 1.68; 95% CI, 1.22-2.30; P = .001). Conclusions: Although benefits for clinical response are unclear, MBC is effective in decreasing depression severity, promoting remission, and improving medication adherence in patients with depressive disorders treated with pharmacotherapy. The results are limited by the small number of included trials, high risk of bias, and significant study heterogeneity.
Recent advances in electroconvulsive therapy and physical treatments for depression$$$ This article gives an update for practitioners on recent developments in the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and related treatment modalities in the contemporary treatment of depression in the UK. Details are provided on new information on the efficacy and side-effects of ECT both in research studies and in the real world, together with recent research on ECT's mode of delivery. There is a focus on the safe administration of ECT in clinical practice. An update on the regulatory framework for ECT in the UK is provided, together with up-to-date information on the legal situation regarding its prescription. Finally, brief summaries of the current position for other neuromodulatory treatment modalities are given.
Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) versus sham ECT for depression: Do study limitations invalidate the evidence (and mean we should stop using ECT)?$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depression is a controversial treatment with highly polarised views about the balance between therapeutic benefits and adverse effects. Studies investigating whether ECT is more effective than a placebo treatment started in the 1950s, with the most important randomised controlled trials carried out about four decades ago in which ECT was compared with sham ECT (SECT) involving anaesthesia but no electrically induced seizure. Subsequently the data have been pooled in a number of meta-analyses which have found that ECT is an effective treatment. However, a recent review of the quality of the SECT-controlled studies, and the meta-analyses based on them, concludes that their quality is too poor to allow assessment of the efficacy of ECT and that, given its risks (permanent memory loss and death), the use of ECT should be suspended. This commentary critically discusses the methodology of this review and its conclusions.
On this month's Round the Corner: I welcome the argument about ECT$$$ A recent review of research in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depression, for which I was the first author, found that only 11 placebo-controlled studies have even been conducted, all pre-1986. Our review concluded that they were so flawed that the meta-analyses that relied on them were wrong to conclude that ECT is effective. This commentary responds to a critique of the review by Ian Anderson. Some valuable comments are acknowledged and several errors or misunderstandings rectified.
Adjuvant High-Definition Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia: A Pilot Study$$$ Objective In schizophrenia, negative symptoms account for a substantial amount of the comorbidity resulting in poor performance in social interaction, interpersonal relationships, economic functioning, and recreational activities. Research has implicated hypofrontality in the pathogenesis of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Conventional transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has attracted significant interest as an add-on treatment for negative symptoms in schizophrenia. High-definition tDCS (HD-tDCS), an optimized form of tDCS, has the potential for more focalized neuromodulation. Hence, we aimed to evaluate the efficacy of HD-tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the improvement of negative symptoms in schizophrenia. Methods Fourteen patients with schizophrenia with predominantly negative symptoms were enrolled for this pilot, randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind trial. Each participant received 10 sessions of HD-tDCS at 2 mA for 20 minutes twice daily over 5 days. Negative symptoms were assessed with the Scale for Assessment of Negative Symptoms and Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale for Schizophrenia. The Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia was used to rule out depressive symptoms. Assessments were carried out at baseline and at 2 weeks. Results The improvement in negative symptoms in the active group was statistically significant at P value of 0.05 as compared with the sham group. Conclusion These results suggest that HD-tDCS may lead to improvement in negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Its use as an adjunct to pharmacological treatment of negative symptoms may be worth considering.
Neurostimulation for cognitive enhancement in Alzheimer's disease (the NICE-AD study): A randomized clinical trial$$$ New therapies for symptoms in Alzheimer's disease (AD) are urgently needed. Prior studies suggest that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a noninvasive neuromodulatory method, may be a safe and potentially effective treatment, but conclusions have been limited by small-sample sizes and brief stimulation protocols. This double-blind randomized trial involving 100 older adults with mild-to-moderate AD examines effects of 6 months of at-home active tDCS or sham delivered over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The primary outcome is global cognitive performance. Secondary outcomes include executive-control/spatial selective attention, functional neuroplasticity, depressive symptoms, quality of life and the durability of effects 3 months after the stimulation period. The results will provide evidence on the efficacy of multimonth at-home tDCS in the AD treatment. =Clinical trial identifier NCT 04404153 (Clinicaltrials.gov).
Exploring the usefulness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment of pain and fatigue in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of pain and fatigue in Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: A broad range of non-motor symptoms (NMS) occurs in PD; amongst these pain and fatigue can be severe and debilitating problems1. The pathophysiology of pain and fatigue in PD is still not clear and there is limited evidence of successful drugs for their treatment2. RTMS is a promising tool for the treatment for chronic neuropathic and nonneuropathic pain of different etiologies, as well as fatigue3. Methods: PD patients attending our clinic from 2016 to 2018 were screened for pain and fatigue. Patients who met inclusion criteria were included in the study and randomly assigned into two groups, one receiving active and one sham rTMS. The treatment protocol consisted of one rTMS session per day, for five consecutive days. Each treatment session consisted of 25 series of 8s pulses, with 52s interval between series, at a stimulation frequency of 10Hz and 80% resting motor threshold intensity, over M1 contralateral to the most affected side. Before and after the treatment (day 5, 8, 15, 30), patients were assessed with the following clinical scales: visual analogue scale for pain (VAS) and fatigue (VAFS), King's Parkinson's Disease Pain Scale (KPDPS), Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS), PD quality of life questionnaire-8 (PDQ-8), Beck Depression Inventor (BDI), MDS-UPDRS part III. Results: Thirty (16.7%) PD patients affected by pain and fatigue were found, 21 of which met the inclusion criteria. Six of them were included into the study, 3 of which underwent the active and 3 the sham stimulation. The two groups did not differ at the baseline assessment, while in the active group there was an improvement (from 30-50%) of the VAS, VAFS, KPDPS, and FSS scale scores. This improvement was not observed in the sham group. There was not a clear difference before and after treatment in the BDI, PDQ-8, and MDS-UPDRS III scales in both groups. Conclusions: Our results show an improvement of pain and fatigue in the group receiving active rTMS, compared to the control group receiving sham stimulation. The improvement of pain and fatigue in the active group lasted for the duration of the study (i.e. 30 days). Despite the small number, the results are very encouraging, but need a larger number of patients to be confirmed.
Improvement of excessive daytime sleepiness with low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in Parkinson's disease: A preliminary Sham-Controlled study$$$ Objective: To explore whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can improve excessive daytime sleepiness (EDS) in individuals with Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: Excessive daytime sleepiness is commonly observed in individuals with PD. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is a promising therapeutic tool for improving non-motor symptoms of PD. However, the efficacy and safety of rTMS in treating EDS in PD was not reported previously. Methods: We conducted a randomized, single-blind, sham-controlled parallel study. A total of 53 individuals with PD received 10 daily sessions of 1-Hz rTMS applied to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Clinical assessments were completed at baseline, post-treatment, and 1 month after rTMS. Primary outcome was improvement of EDS evaluated via Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) 10 days after treatment. Change of scores on Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression 17-item (HRSD-17) and Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale part III (UPDRS-III) were used to evaluate sleep quality, depression severity and motor symptom, respectively, as the secondary outcome. Results: All participants completed the study and no adverse effect was noticed. Compared to baseline, significant improvement on ESS was observed 10 days after treatment in active rTMS group (9.42 ± 4.98 vs 7.00 ± 4.46; P<0.01). Changes of ESS scores were not significantly related to depression alleviation or motor improvement post-treatment after adjusting for disease duration (r=0.27, P=0.07). A decrease of scores on PSQI and UPDRS-III was observed with marginal significance. No significant changes were noticed in sham rTMS group. Conclusions: In patients with PD, low frequency rTMS over right DLPFC may have beneficial effect in short term, which effect might be independent of depression or motor symptom improvement.
Effects of low frequency repetitive transcranial stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal region on clinical symptoms and sleep structure of Parkinson's disease Abstract$$$ Objective: We aim to investigate the effects of low-frequency rTMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on sleep and other symptoms in PD patients. Background: Sleep disturbance is a common non-motor symptom of Parkinson's disease (PD). It seriously affects the life quality of PD patients. Repetitive transcranial stimulation (rTMS) has been used to improve symptoms of PD, yet few studies focused on its application in concurrent sleep disorder in PD. Methods: This was a randomized, double-blind, controlled study. A total of 22 PD patients were enrolled. 11 patients were allocated into active rTMS group and sham rTMS group, respectively. Low frequency (1Hz) rTMS were applied over right DLPFC for 10 consecutive days. Polysomnography (PSG) were used to evaluate objective sleep structure before and after rTMS intervention. Unified Parkinson's disease Rating Scale part III (UPDRS III) was used to assess motor symptoms. Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) and Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HAMA) was used to evaluate emotional symptoms. Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) was used to evaluate the sleep quality. Patients were followed up at baseline, after treatment, and 3 months after rTMS treatment. Results: A total of 20 patients completed the study and no severe adverse effect was noticed. In the active rTMS group, with comparison to baseline assessment, PSQI (11.10±6.42 vs. 8.30±3.53, P=0.042) and UPDRS III(26.00(13.25-31.00)vs. 20.00(8.25-24.00),P=0.024)were significantly lower at completion of treatment. The proportion of non-rapid eye movement (NREM) stage 2 sleep (7.90±7.21 vs. 12.55±8.34, P=0.012) decreased significantly. A tendency of increase was noticed on the proportion of REM sleep. No significant changes were observed in the group with sham rTMS. After 3 months, no significant difference was found in clinical scale evaluation between two groups. Conclusions: Low frequency rTMS over right DLPFC may improve sleep symptoms, adjust sleep structure and benefit motor symptom improvement in PD patients.
Cerebellar tDCS for multiple system atrophy cerebellar: Double blinded, randomized, sham-control, cross-over study$$$ Objective: The aim of study is to investigate an effect of a transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the primary motor cortex (M1) and cerebellum for patients with cerebellar dominant multiple system atrophy (MSA-C). Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is one of the non-invasive brain stimulation technics which modulate neuronal activity depending on polarity and stimulation site. There is controversy over the effect of tDCS for the degenerative cerebellar ataxia, especially for the MSA-C. Methods: We recruited the probable MSA-C patients and performed 3 weeks, sham-controlled, randomized, double blinded, cross-over clinical trial. All enrolled subjects were received 3 times of single section tDCS on every single visit in random order (M1, cerebellum or sham). Blinded raters assessed clinical scales including International Cooperative Ataxia Rating Scale (ICARS), Mini-mental state examination and Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI) before and immediately after the stimulation. Gait and static balance tests using the GAITRite walkway system and DIERS Pedoscan system were conducted, as well. Results: Total 16 participants were randomized, and one participant was dropped out at the third visit. ICARS total scores were improved after the single section of tDCS treatment, regardless of stimulation site (p < 0.001). However, the amount of improvement by M1 and cerebellar stimulation were not significantly higher than the sham stimulation (p = 0.980). In gait analysis, the gait velocity and step time were significantly improved after the M1 and cerebellar stimulation and the changes were statistically meaningful compared with the sham stimulation (velocity, p = 0.029; step time, p = 0.007). The step length and double support time were improved after the M1 and cerebellar stimulation (step length, p = 0.003; double support time, p < 0.001), but they were not significantly differed from sham stimulation (step length, p = 0.675; double support time, p = 0.665). None of static posturography parameters showed significant differences in all three groups. None of participants had side effect or significant adverse effect after treatment. Conclusions: The M1 and cerebellar tDCS for the patients with MSA-C showed effect on improvement of ICARS, gait velocity and step time. Further studies are needed to figure out the standardized protocol for maximizing the effect of tDCS in MSA-C.
Clinical effectiveness of non-TMS neurostimulation in depression: Clinical trials from 2010 to 2020$$$ Objective: Treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) have evolved, although there is still a strong unmet need for more effective and tolerable options. The present study summarizes and discusses recent evidence regarding the non-transcranial magnetic stimulation (non-TMS) neurostimulation treatment for MDD. Methods: The authors reviewed non-TMS neurostimulation clinical trials for MDD between 2010 and 2020. Electroconvulsive therapy was not included in this review. A systematic review was performed in MEDLINE database through PubMed, the Cochrane Collaboration's Clinical Trials Register (CENTRAL), PsycINFO and Thomson Reuters's Web of Science. Results: Only 20 articles met the inclusion criteria. Randomized controlled trials demonstrated efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in five of seven trials. tDCS augmented with sertraline, fluoxetine, citalopram and escitalopram was superior to placebo and to tDCS only. A comparative trial demonstrated that the duration of tDCS sessions can modulate the effectiveness of this treatment. Open trials indicated that deep brain stimulation, epidural cortical stimulation, trigeminal nerve stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy and vagus nerve stimulation may be effective in treatment-resistant depression. Conclusion: This review confirmed the efficacy of tDCS in MDD. Despite new evidence showing effectiveness for other non-TMS neurostimulation, their effectiveness is still unclear. Non-TMS neurostimulation RCTs with large samples and head-to-head studies comparing non-TMS neurostimulation and gold standard pharmacological treatments are still lacking.
Repeated Sessions of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Adolescents With Autism Spectrum Disorder: Study Protocol for a Randomized, Double-Blind, and Sham-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Social–emotional difficulties are a core symptom of autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Accordingly, individuals with ASD have problems with social cognition such as recognizing emotions from other peoples' faces. Various results from functional magnetic resonance imaging and electroencephalography studies as well as eye-tracking data reveal a neurophysiological basis of these deficits by linking them to abnormal brain activity. Thus, an intervention targeting the neural origin of ASD impairments seems warranted. A safe method able to influence neural activity is transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). This non-invasive brain stimulation method has already demonstrated promising results in several neuropsychiatric disorders in adults and children. The aim of this project is to investigate the effects of tDCS on ASD symptoms and their neural correlates in children and adolescents with ASD. Method: This study is designed as a double-blind, randomized, and sham-controlled trial with a target sample size of 20 male participants (aged 12–17 years) diagnosed with ASD. Before randomization, the participants will be stratified into comorbid depression, comorbid ADHS/conduct disorder, or no-comorbidity groups. The intervention phase comprises 10 sessions of anodal or sham tDCS applied over the left prefrontal cortex within 2 consecutive weeks. To engage the targeted brain regions, participants will perform a social cognition training during the stimulation. TDCS-induced effects on ASD symptoms and involved neural circuits will be investigated through psychological, neurophysiological, imaging, and behavioral data at pre- and post-measurements. Tolerability will be evaluated using a standardized questionnaire. Follow-up assessments 1 and 6 months after the intervention will examine long-lasting effects. Discussion: The results of this study will provide insights into the changeability of social impairments in ASD by investigating social and emotional abilities on different modalities following repeated sessions of anodal tDCS with an intra-simulation training. Furthermore, this trial will elucidate the tolerability and the potential of tDCS as a new treatment approach for ASD in adolescents. Clinical Trial Registration: The study is ongoing and has been registered in the German Registry of Clinical Trials (DRKS00017505) on 02/07/2019.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and concurrent cognitive training on episodic memory in patients with traumatic brain injury: A double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled study$$$ Introduction Deficits in episodic memory following traumatic brain injury (TBI) are common and affect independence in activities of daily living. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and concurrent cognitive training may contribute to improve episodic memory in patients with TBI. Although previous studies have shown the potential of tDCS to improve cognition, the benefits of the tDCS applied simultaneously to cognitive training in participants with neurological disorders are inconsistent. This study aims to (1) investigate whether active tDCS combined with computer-assisted cognitive training enhances episodic memory compared with sham tDCS; (2) compare the differences between active tDCS applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) and bilateral temporal cortex (BTC) on episodic memory and; (3) investigate inter and intragroup changes on cortical activity measured by quantitative electroencephalogram (qEEG). Methods and analysis A randomised, parallel-group, double-blind placebo-controlled study is conducted. Thirty-six participants with chronic, moderate and severe closed TBI are being recruited and randomised into three groups (1:1:1) based on the placement of tDCS sponges and electrode activation (active or sham). TDCS is applied for 10 consecutive days for 20 min, combined with a computer-based cognitive training. Cognitive scores and qEEG are collected at baseline, on the last day of the stimulation session, and 3 months after the last tDCS session. We hypothesise that (1) the active tDCS group will improve episodic memory scores compared with the sham group; (2) differences on episodic memory scores will be shown between active BTC and lDLPFC and; (3) there will be significant delta reduction and an increase in alpha waves close to the location of the active electrodes compared with the sham group. Ethics and dissemination This study was approved by Hospital das Clínicas, University of São Paulo Ethical Institutional Review Border (CAAE: 87954518.0.0000.0068). Trial registration number NCT04540783.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Major Depressive Disorder in Older Adults: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in older adults is a serious public health concern. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-pharmacological intervention approved for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) treatment in adults, but its value in older adults remains unknown. The present study aims to systematically review and meta-analyze evidence of rTMS efficacy in MDD treatment among older adults. METHODS: We systematically reviewed the literature for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and open-label studies assessing rTMS for the treatment of MDD in patients older than 50 years-old, published until June 2020. Random-effects meta-analyses using standardized mean differences (SMD) were conducted to assess change in depression severity score (primary outcome), while odds-ratios (OR) were used to assess secondary categorical outcomes (response and remission). Additionally, univariate meta-regression analyses were performed to identify potential predictors of change in depression severity scores. RESULTS: Fourteen RCTs were included in meta-analyses and 26 studies (10 RCTs and 16 open-label studies) in meta-regression. Active rTMS was significantly superior to sham-treatment for reduction of severity (SMD=0.36; 95%CI=0.13-0.60), as well as response (OR=3.26; 95%CI=2.11-5.04) and remission (OR=4.63; 95%CI=2.24-9.55). Studies were of moderate to high quality, with funnel plots and Egger's regression test not suggestive of publication bias. In meta-regressions, higher mean age and number of sessions were significantly associated to greater improvement. CONCLUSIONS: Our results support that rTMS is an effective, safe and well-tolerated treatment for MDD in older adults, and that it should be considered in the treatment of this vulnerable population.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression and cognition in individuals with traumatic brain injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an FDA-approved therapy in major depressive disorder. However, its treatment efficacy on depression after traumatic brain injury (TBI) remains inconclusive. We conducted a meta-analysis to assess the effectiveness of executing rTMS over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on depression, cognitive impairment and post-concussion syndrome in individuals with traumatic brain injury. This study contained seven randomized controlled trials that published before April 5, 2020 in PubMed, Embase, Scopus, Cochrane, and Web of Science databases. The rTMS had significant anti-depressant effect (SMD = 1.03, p = 0.02), but the effects dissipated at 1-month follow-up (SMD = 0.39, p = 0.62). In the subgroup analysis, only applying rTMS to left DLPFC area of post-TBI patients showed significant anti-depressant effect (SMD = 0.98, p = 0.04). Moreover, current data observed that rTMS on post-TBI patients possessed substantial improvement in visuospatial memory (SMD = 0.39, p < 0.0001), but wasn't in processing speed (SMD = - 0.18, p = 0.32) and selective attention (SMD = 0.21, p = 0.31). In addition, the effect of rTMS is not superior to sham on postconcussion syndrome. In conclusion, the short-term antidepressant effect of left DLPFC rTMS in patients with TBI was significant. However, the effectiveness of rTMS on cognition and postconcussion syndrome in patients with post-TBI depression was limited.
Treatment of postoperative delirium with continuous theta burst stimulation: Study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Introduction Postoperative delirium is one of the most common postoperative complications among elderly patients (65 years old or older). However, there are no effective treatments for this condition. Recent research suggests that continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS), a non-invasive brain stimulation, can reduce pain level, improve cognitive function and affective symptoms in multiple diseases or dysfunctions, including anxiety disorders, major depressive disorder, sleep disorders and pain. But the potential benefits of cTBS in reducing postoperative delirium have not been investigated. Therefore, we propose determining whether cTBS can prevent and/or treat postoperative delirium in senior patients. Methods and analysis The study will be a double-blind, randomised controlled trial. Participants (65 years old or older) undergoing scheduled orthopaedic surgery (≥2 hours, general anaesthesia) will be randomised to receive either cTBS or sham stimulation with a focal figure-of-eight coil over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 80% of the resting motor threshold. Every patient will receive 2-3 sets of stimulations during postoperative days (40 s per session, 3 sessions per set, 1 set per day). Participants will be assessed twice daily by a research assistant blinded to allocation. The primary outcome will be the incidence of postoperative delirium measured by the Confusion Assessment Method on postoperative days 1, 2 and 3. The secondary outcomes will be the severity and duration of postoperative delirium, cognitive function, pain, sleep quality, activities of daily living, length of hospital stay, discharge-to-facility or home, and rate of complication and mortality during the hospital stay. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval has been obtained from the ethics committee of Shanghai 10th People's Hospital. The principal investigator will submit a research progress report to the ethics committee regularly. All participants will provide written informed consent. Study results will be published in a peer-reviewed journal.
tDCS randomized controlled trials in no-structural diseases: a quantitative review$$$ The increasing number and quality of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) employing transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) denote the rising awareness of neuroscientific community about its electroceutical potential and opening to include these treatments in the framework of medical therapies under the indications of the international authorities. The purpose of this quantitative review is to estimate the recommendation strength applying the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development and Evaluations (GRADE) criteria and PICO (population, intervention, comparison, outcome) model values for effective tDCS treatments on no-structural diseases, and to provide an estimate of Sham effect for future RCTs. Applying GRADE evaluation pathway, we searched in literature the tDCS-based RCTs in psychophysical diseases displaying a major involvement of brain electrical activity imbalances. Three independent authors agreed on Class 1 RCTs (18 studies) and meta-analyses were carried out using a random-effects model for pathologies sub-selected based on PICO and systemic involvement criteria. The meta-analysis integrated with extensive evidence of negligible side effects and low-cost, easy-to-use procedures, indicated that tDCS treatments for depression and fatigue in Multiple Sclerosis ranked between moderately and highly recommendable. For these interventions we reported the PICO variables, with left vs. right dorsolateral prefrontal target for 30 min/10 days against depression and bilateral somatosensory vs occipital target for 15 min/5 days against MS fatigue. An across-diseases meta-analysis devoted to the Sham effect provided references for power analysis in future tDCS RCTs on these clinical conditions. High-quality indications support tDCS as a promising tool to build electroceutical treatments against diseases involving neurodynamics alterations.
Pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions to enhance sleep in mild cognitive impairment and mild Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review$$$ Suboptimal sleep causes cognitive decline and probably accelerates Alzheimer's Disease (AD) progression. Several sleep interventions have been tested in established AD dementia cases. However early intervention is needed in the course of AD at Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) or mild dementia stages to help prevent decline and maintain good quality of life. This systematic review aims to summarize evidence on sleep interventions in MCI and mild AD dementia. Seven databases were systematically searched for interventional studies where ≥ 75% of participants met diagnostic criteria for MCI/mild AD dementia, with a control group and validated sleep outcome measures. Studies with a majority of participants diagnosed with Moderate to Severe AD were excluded. After removal of duplicates, 22,133 references were returned in two separate searches (August 2019 and September 2020). 325 full papers were reviewed with 18 retained. Included papers reported 16 separate studies, total sample (n = 1,056), mean age 73.5 years. 13 interventions were represented: Cognitive Behavioural Therapy – Insomnia (CBT-I), A Multi-Component Group Based Therapy, A Structured Limbs Exercise Programme, Aromatherapy, Phase Locked Loop Acoustic Stimulation, Transcranial Stimulation, Suvorexant, Melatonin, Donepezil, Galantamine, Rivastigmine, Tetrahydroaminoacridine and Continuous Positive Airway Pressure (CPAP). Psychotherapeutic approaches utilising adapted CBT-I and a Structured Limbs Exercise Programme each achieved statistically significant improvements in the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index with one study reporting co-existent improved actigraphy variables. Suvorexant significantly increased Total Sleep Time and Sleep Efficiency whilst reducing Wake After Sleep Onset time. Transcranial Stimulation enhanced cortical slow oscillations and spindle power during daytime naps. Melatonin significantly reduced sleep latency in two small studies and sleep to wakefulness transitions in a small sample. CPAP demonstrated efficacy in participants with Obstructive Sleep Apnoea. Evidence to support other interventions was limited. Whilst new evidence is emerging, there remains a paucity of evidence for sleep interventions in MCI and mild AD highlighting a pressing need for high quality experimental studies exploring alternative sleep interventions.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) versus transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the management of patients with fibromyalgia: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to compare the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on pain and quality of life in patients with fibromyalgia. Methods: Thirty participants were randomized into two groups of 15 patients, to receive 3 sessions of either high-frequency (10 Hz) rTMS or 2 mA, 20 min anodal transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) over 1 week. Pain was assessed using a Visual Analog Scale (VAS) before treatment, immediately after treatment, 6 and 12 weeks later. Quality of life was evaluated using the Revised Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQR) and psychiatric symptoms were measured using the Depression Anxiety Stress Scale-21 Item (DASS-21) before treatment, and 6 and 12 weeks after treatment. Results: For the VAS there was a significant time-group interaction, showing that the behavior of two groups differed regarding changes of VAS in favor of the RTMS group (df = 1.73, F = 4.80, p = <0.016). Time-group interaction effect on DASS-21 and FIQR was not significant. 66.6% of patients in rTMS group and 26.6% of patients in tDCS group experienced at least a 30% reduction of VAS from baseline to last follow-up (p = 0.028). Discussion: With the methodology used in this study, both rTMS and tDCS were safe modalities and three sessions of rTMS over DLPFC had greater and longer lasting analgesic effects compared to tDCS in patients with FM. However, considering the limitations of this study, further studies are needed to explore the most effective modality.
Aerobic Exercise Combined With Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over the Prefrontal Cortex in Parkinson Disease: Effects on Cortical Activity, Gait, and Cognition$$$ Background: Since people with Parkinson disease (PD) rely on limited prefrontal executive resources for the control of gait, interventions targeting the prefrontal cortex (PFC) may help in managing PD-related gait impairments. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can be used to modulate PFC excitability and improve prefrontal cognitive functions and gait. Objective: We investigated the effects of adding anodal tDCS applied over the PFC to a session of aerobic exercise on gait, cognition, and PFC activity while walking in people with PD. Methods: A total of 20 people with PD participated in this randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled crossover study. Participants attended two 30-minute sessions of aerobic exercise (cycling at moderate intensity) combined with different tDCS conditions (active- or sham-tDCS), 1 week apart. The order of sessions was counterbalanced across the sample. Anodal tDCS (2 mA for 20 minutes [active-tDCS] or 10 s [sham-tDCS]) targeted the PFC in the most affected hemisphere. Spatiotemporal gait parameters, cognitive functions, and PFC activity while walking were assessed before and immediately after each session. Results: Compared with the pre-assessment, participants decreased step time variability (effect size: −0.4), shortened simple and choice reaction times (effect sizes: −0.73 and −0.57, respectively), and increased PFC activity in the stimulated hemisphere while walking (effect size: 0.54) only after aerobic exercise + active-tDCS. Conclusion: The addition of anodal tDCS over the PFC to a session of aerobic exercise led to immediate positive effects on gait variability, processing speed, and executive control of walking in people with PD.
Efficacy and safety of electroconvulsive therapy plus medication versus medication alone in acute mania: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Although some studies have reported the potential efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of acute mania, there is no consensus on the matter. Therefore, we performed a meta-analysis to determine the efficacy and safety of ECT combination with medication (ECT-combo) vs. medication alone (Med-alone) in the treatment of acute mania. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of ECT-combo versus Med-alone in acute mania were searched in Chinese databases and English databases from their inceptions up to February 2020. Twelve RCTs (including 863 patients, n=863) met our criteria and were included into meta-analysis. The pooled results found that ECT-combo outperformed Med-alone in reducing manic symptoms from baseline to endpoint with a standardized mean difference of -3.50 (95% CI: -4.57, -2.44, p<0.00001). The significant difference occurred after 3-5 treatments or after a 1-week treatment. ECT-combo had significantly increased memory impairment compared to Med-alone. Apart from increased memory impairment in ECT-combo group (SMD=8.33; 95% CI: 2.73 to 25.45, p= 0.0002), no other statistically significant differences in side effects or drop-out rates were found between groups. The results of this meta-analysis suggest that ECT-combo was significantly superior to Med-alone in efficacy and well-tolerated as Med-alone in the acute treatment of mania. However, larger studies with randomized, double-blind design, and standardized treatment regimens are still warranted due to the high heterogeneity of studies included in the present meta-analysis.
Effects of Combined and Alone Transcranial Motor Cortex Stimulation and Mirror Therapy in Phantom Limb Pain: A Randomized Factorial Trial$$$ Phantom limb pain (PLP) is a frequent complication in amputees, which is often refractory to treatments. We aim to assess in a factorial trial the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and mirror therapy (MT) in patients with traumatic lower limb amputation; and whether the motor cortex plasticity changes drive these results. In this large randomized, blinded, 2-site, sham-controlled, 2 × 2 factorial trial, 112 participants with traumatic lower limb amputation were randomized into treatment groups. The interventions were active or covered MT for 4 weeks (20 sessions, 15 minutes each) combined with 2 weeks of either active or sham tDCS (10 sessions, 20 minutes each) applied to the contralateral primary motor cortex. The primary outcome was PLP changes on the visual analogue scale at the end of interventions (4 weeks). Motor cortex excitability and cortical mapping were assessed by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). We found no interaction between tDCS and MT groups (F = 1.90, P =.13). In the adjusted models, there was a main effect of active tDCS compared to sham tDCS (beta coefficient = −0.99, P =.04) on phantom pain. The overall effect size was 1.19 (95% confidence interval: 0.90, 1.47). No changes in depression and anxiety were found. TDCS intervention was associated with increased intracortical inhibition (coefficient = 0.96, P =.02) and facilitation (coefficient = 2.03, P =.03) as well as a posterolateral shift of the center of gravity in the affected hemisphere. MT induced no motor cortex plasticity changes assessed by TMS. These findings indicate that transcranial motor cortex stimulation might be an affordable and beneficial PLP treatment modality.
Effects of high-frequency prefrontal rTMS on heart frequency rates and blood pressure in schizophrenia$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a safe non-invasive neuromodulation technique used for the treatment of various neuropsychiatric disorders. The effect of rTMS applied to the cortex on autonomic functions has not been studied in detail in patient cohorts, yet patients who receive rTMS may have disease-associated impairments in the autonomic system and may receive medication that may pronounce autonomic dysfunctions. Methods: Using data from the ‘rTMS for the Treatment of Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia’ (RESIS) trial we evaluated the effect of rTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on autonomic nervous system-related parameters such as blood pressure (BP) and heart rate (HR) in both reclining and standing postures from screening up to 105 days after intervention among patients with schizophrenia. Results: 157 patients received either active (n = 76) or sham (n = 81) rTMS treatment. Apart from gender no significant group differences were observed. During intervention, Linear Mixed Model (LMM) analyses showed no significant time × group interactions nor time effects for any of the variables (all p > 0.055). During the whole trial beside a significant time × group interaction for diastolic BP (p = 0.017) in the standing posture, no significant time × group interactions for other variables (all p > 0.140) were found. Conclusion: These secondary analyses of the largest available rTMS trial on the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia did not show a significant effect of active rTMS compared to sham rTMS on heart rate or blood pressure, neither during the intervention period nor during the follow-up period.
D-cycloserine normalizes long-term motor plasticity after transcranial magnetic intermittent theta-burst stimulation in major depressive disorder$$$ Objectives: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is associated with glutamatergic alterations, including the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDA-R). The NMDA-R plays an important role in synaptic plasticity, and individuals with MDD have been shown to have impairments in repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) motor plasticity. Here, we test whether D-cycloserine, a NMDA-R partial agonist, can rescue TMS motor plasticity in MDD. Methods: We conducted randomized double-blind placebo-controlled crossover studies in healthy (n = 12) and MDD (n = 12) participants. We stimulated motor cortex using TMS intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) with placebo or D-cycloserine (100 mg). Motor evoked potentials (MEPs) were sampled before and after iTBS. Stimulus response curves (SRC) were characterized at baseline, +90 minutes, and the following day. Results: Acute iTBS MEP facilitation is reduced in MDD and is not rescued by D-cycloserine. After iTBS, SRCs shift to indicate sustained decrease in excitability in healthy participants, yet increased in excitability in MDD participants. D-cycloserine normalized SRC changes from baseline to the following day in MDD participants. In both healthy and MDD participants, D-cycloserine stabilized changes in SRC. Conclusion: MDD is associated with alterations in motor plasticity that are rescued and stabilized by NMDA-R agonism. Significance: Agonism of NMDA receptors rescues iTBS motor plasticity in MDD.
Efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation in decreasing depression symptoms during the peripartum period: A systematic review$$$ Background: Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques have been suggested as alternative treatments to decrease depression symptoms during the perinatal period. These include brain stimulation techniques that do not require surgery and that are nonpharmacological and non-psychotherapeutic. NIBS with evidence of antidepressant effects include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), transcranial electric stimulation (TES) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Objectives: This systematic review aims to summarize evidence on NIBS eﬃcacy, safety and acceptability in treating peripartum depression (PPD). Methods: We included randomized, non-randomized and case reports, that used NIBS during pregnancy and the postpartum. The reduction of depressive symptoms and neonatal safety were the primary and co-primary outcomes, respectively. Results: rTMS shows promising results for the treatment of PPD, with clinically signiﬁcant decreases in depressive symptoms between baseline and end of treatment and overall good acceptability. Although the safety profile for rTMS is adequate in the postpartum, caution is warranted during pregnancy. In TES, evidence on efficacy derives mostly from single-arm studies, compromising the encouraging findings. Further investigation is necessary concerning ECT, as clinical practice relies on clinical experience and is only described in low-quality case-reports. Limitations: The reduced number of controlled studies, the lack of complete datasets and the serious/high risk of bias of the reports warrant cautious interpretations. Conclusions and implications: Existing evidence is limited across NIBS techniques; comparative studies are lacking, and standard stimulation parameters are yet to be established. Although rTMS benefits from the most robust research, future multicenter randomized clinical trials are needed to determine the position of each NIBS strategy within the pathways of care.
Comparing the impact of multi-session left dorsolateral prefrontal and primary motor cortex neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (nrTMS) on Chronic Pain Patients$$$ Repetitive transcranial stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to produce an analgesic effect and therefore has a potential for treating chronic refractory pain. However, previous studies used various stimulation parameters (including cortical targets), and the best stimulation protocol is not yet identified. The present study investigated the effects of multi-session 20 Hz (2000 pulses) and 5 Hz (1800 pulses) rTMS stimulation of left motor cortex (M1-group) and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC-group), respectively. The M1-group (n = 9) and DLPFC-group (n = 7) completed 13 sessions of neuronavigated stimulation, while a Sham-group (n = 8) completed seven sessions of placebo stimulation. The outcome was measured using the German Pain Questionnaire (GPQ), Depression, Anxiety and Stress Scale (DASS), and SF-12 questionnaire. Pain perception significantly decreased in the DLPFC-group (38.17%) compared to the M1-group (56.11%) (p ≤ 0.001) on the later sessions. Health-related quality of life also improved in the DLPFC-group (40.47) compared to the Sham-group (35.06) (p = 0.016), and mental composite summary (p = 0.001) in the DLPFC-group (49.12) compared to M1-group (39.46). Stimulation of the left DLPFC resulted in pain relief, while M1 stimulation was not effective. Nonetheless, further studies are needed to identify optimal cortical target sites and stimulation parameters.
Cognitive adverse effect of electroconvulsive therapy: Is it preventable?$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been widely accepted as among the most effective therapeutic methods for major depressive disorder (MDD) or schizophrenia patients who show poor response to standard pharmacological treatment. One of the adverse effects of ECT which remains controversial is cognitive impairment. Methods: In this article, we review the available literature about pharmacological agents that could prevent the cognitive adverse effects of ECT. Results: Among the agents that have been shown to prevent cognitive adverse effects of ECT in humans include piracetam, naloxone, anesthetic agents, anticholinesterase drugs, memantine, thyroid hormones, and a combination of herbs. Conclusion: While preventing the cognitive adverse effects of ECT is currently not attainable, using pharmacological agents/ herbs have been found to confer beneficial effects in reducing cognitive impairment.
Neurotherapeutics for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD): A review$$$ This review focuses on the evidence for neurotherapeutics for attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD). EEG-neurofeedback has been tested for about 45 years, with the latest meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials (RCT) showing small/medium effects compared to non-active controls only. Three small studies piloted neurofeedback of frontal activations in ADHD using functional magnetic resonance imaging or near-infrared spectroscopy, finding no superior effects over control conditions. Brain stimulation has been applied to ADHD using mostly repetitive transcranial magnetic and direct current stimulation (rTMS/tDCS). rTMS has shown mostly negative findings on improving cognition or symptoms. Meta-analyses of tDCS studies targeting mostly the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex show small effects on cognitive improvements with only two out of three studies showing clinical improvements. Trigeminal nerve stimulation has been shown to improve ADHD symptoms with medium effect in one RCT. Modern neurotherapeutics are attractive due to their relative safety and potential neuroplastic effects. However, they need to be thoroughly tested for clinical and cognitive efficacy across settings and beyond core symptoms and for their potential for individualised treatment.
PL2. Noninvasive brain stimulation – The past, the present and the future$$$ Non-invasive brain stimulation started in the antiquity by treating headache with electric fishes (∼ 1 A, ∼ 700 V). Transcranial direct current stimulation dominated research in the 19th century after the invention of the voltaic pile (∼ 1 mA, ∼10 V). At present the main applications involve either weak electric stimulation of many different types (transcranial direct, alternating, random noise or combinations) of currents or high energy pulsed stimulations (∼8 kA, ∼ 10 µs) mediated by transcranial magnetic energy transfer (transcranial magnetic stimulation: TMS). Inhibitory or excitatory after-effects are guided by stimulus intensity, duration and intervals (cf. theta burst, quadripulse and others). In general, lower intensities lead to inhibition and higher intensities to excitation. There is no linear correlation between the duration of stimulation and the size of the after-effects, prolongation of stimulus duration may lead to an oscillating pattern of inhibition or excitation. Missing the right windows in time or in amplitude may lead to no or opposite results explaining the variability and conflicting data in the field. Intracellular calcium increase may be a key leader for deciding between LTD- or LTP-like after-effects. Uncontrolled consumption of nicotine and caffeine increase variability further. Co-application of drugs may guide after-effects in terms of selectivity and duration of after-effects. Current developments encompass new physical techniques such as varying TMS pulse widths, multi-electrode stimulation, interference fields, ultrasound or near infrared stimulation, hypothesis driven protocols based on neurophysiological features of cortical neurons, optimized techniques on realistic individual head models for targeting current flow to predefined areas and others. Clinical applications targeting cortical excitability increases (e.g. depression, pain) or decreases (e.g. epilepsy, migraine) seem to be more rewarding than those requiring structural repair (e.g. stroke).
Effects of N-Methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) and Ca2dependent protein kinase IIα (CaMKIIα) on learning and memory impairment in depressed rats with different charge by modified electroconvulsive shock$$$ Background: With the development of modified electroshock therapy (MECT), it has become necessary to increase the electric quantity in order to achieve a good antidepressant effect, but this increase will lead to more serious learning and memory impairment. The purpose of this study was to investigate the intrinsic mechanism of cognitive impairment induced by high-energy electroconvulsive shock (MECS, an animal model of MECT). Methods: Rats were randomly divided into 6 groups: Control (C, n=6), M0, M60, M120, M180, and M240 groups (MECS at 0, 60, 120, 180, and 240 mC stimulation intensity after 80 mg/kg propofol, with 12 rats in each group). Their depression-like behavior and learning and memory ability were evaluated by sucrose preference test (SPT), open field test (OFT), and Morris water maze test (MWM). The expression of phospho-NMDA receptor 1 (GluN1), GluN2A, GluN2B, Ca2dependent protein kinase IIα (CaMKIIα), p-T305-CaMKII, and postsynaptic densities-95 (PSD-95) in hippocampus were detected by western blot. The co-expression of CaMKIIα and GluN2B subunit was detected by co-immunoprecipitation (CO-IP). Results: The chronic unpredictable mild stresses (CUMS) procedure successfully induced depression-like behavior in rats, which was improved in varying degrees after MECS. The results showed that the expression of GluN1, GluN2A, GluN2B, and PSD-95 decreased with the increase of charge, while p-T305-CaMKII increased, which led to the deterioration of learning and memory ability, but the expression change of CaMKIIα was not statistically significant. Conclusions: Increase in the MECS charge adjusts the synaptic plasticity by changing the binding amount of CaMKIIα and its subunit GluN2B and the level of CaMKII autophosphorylation, thereby impairing learning and memory functions.
A preliminary study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants in the treatment of first-episode late-life depression$$$ Objective To explore the clinical efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in the treatment of first-episode late-life depression. Methods From June 2019 to January 2020, first-episode elderly patients with depression in Beijing Anding Hospital affiliated to Capital Medical University were screened and randomly divided into test group (true rTMS+SSRIs, n=26) and control group (rTMS sham+SSRIs, n=25) according to the random number table method. All the patients were treated for 4 weeks and followed up for 4 weeks after treatment. The test group received 20 sessions (5 sessions per week) of 10 Hz rTMS (120% of motor threshold). Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD17) and The Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) were used to assess the clinical symptoms at the end of the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th week of treatment and at the end of the 4th week of the follow-up after treatment, and the response rate and the rate of recovery were compared between the two groups, analyzed by the χ2 test and repeated measurement analysis of variance. Results (1) At the end of the 4th week of treatment 69.23% (18/26) subjects in the test group and 36.00% (9/25) in the control group significantly improved their depressive condition, which was defined as a more than 50% HAMD17 reduction (χ2=5.649, P=0.017). However, there was no significant difference between the two groups when compared the rate of recovery, which was defined as a HAMD17 ≤7 (P>0.05). (2) At the end of the 4th week of the follow-up, there was no significant difference in the response rate nor the rate of recovery between the two groups (P>0.05). (3) During the entire observation period, there was an interaction between the time point and the group in HAMD17 total score and PHQ-9 total score (F=66.313, P=0.008; F=8.571, P<0.01). Conclusion There might be potential advantages in the combination treatments by rTMS at 120% MT and SSRIs antidepressants for the elderly depressive patients, and the onset of efficacy is faster than that of pharmacotherapy alone, while the large sample clinical studies are still needed to confirm the benefits.
Deep brain stimulation for treatment resistant depression: A decade of clinical follow-up$$$ Introduction: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a prevalent and debilitating disease that is a significant source of morbidity and mortality. While many treatments are available including psychotherapy, medication, and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), a sizeable number of patients (30-40%) remain symptomatic despite treatment. These patients are diagnosed with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an emerging therapy for TRD that has shown variable efficacy. In this study, we describe our long-term clinical outcomes of DBS for TRD. Methods: A consecutive series of 8 patients with severe TRD were implanted with DBS systems targeting the ventral capsule/ventral striatum as part of the Reclaim clinical trial (NCT00837486). This study included a 16-week blinded phase followed by an open-label long-term phase. Outcomes were assessed using the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Demographics, MADRS scores, and adverse events were collected via retrospective chart review. Results: This cohort of patients had severe TRD- 75% had trials of ECT and all had at least 4 failed medication trials. Mean follow-up for patients who kept their devices was 10.53±0.17 years and it was 7.45±1.41 years for the entire cohort. At last follow-up, mean improvement in MADRS scores was 42.9±13.7%. Response (≥50% improvement) and remission (MADRS≤10) rates at last follow-up were 37.5% and 25%, respectively. Two patients discontinued stimulation due to lack of efficacy and one committed suicide. The majority of the cohort (63%) continues to receive stimulation. Conclusion: While enthusiasm for DBS treatment of TRD has been tempered by recent randomized trials, this open-label study demonstrates that many patients achieve meaningful and sustained clinical benefit from DBS. Further trials are required to determine the optimal stimulation parameters and patient populations for which DBS would be effective. Particular attention to factors that include electrode placement technique, patient selection, and long-term observation (i.e., 1-5 years) is essential for future trial design.
An epigenetic basis of inbreeding depression in maize$$$ Inbreeding depression is widespread across plant and animal kingdoms and may arise from the exposure of deleterious alleles and/or loss of overdominant alleles resulting from increased homozygosity, but these genetic models cannot fully explain the phenomenon. Here, we report epigenetic links to inbreeding depression in maize. Teosinte branched1/cycloidea/proliferating cell factor (TCP) transcription factors control plant development. During successive inbreeding among inbred lines, thousands of genomic regions across TCP-binding sites (TBS) are hypermethylated through the H3K9me2-mediated pathway. These hypermethylated regions are accompanied by decreased chromatin accessibility, increased levels of the repressive histone marks H3K27me2 and H3K27me3, and reduced binding affinity of maize TCP-proteins to TBS. Consequently, hundreds of TCP-target genes involved in mitochondrion, chloroplast, and ribosome functions are down-regulated, leading to reduced growth vigor. Conversely, random mating can reverse corresponding hypermethylation sites and TCP-target gene expression, restoring growth vigor. These results support a unique role of reversible epigenetic modifications in inbreeding depression.
Determinants of sham response in tDCS depression trials: a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Randomised clinical trials (RCTs) investigating transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) efficacy for depression show significant heterogeneity in outcomes. Objective: To investigate the magnitude of the sham tDCS response and its potential moderators in the treatment of depression. Methodology: A systematic review and aggregate meta-analysis (PROSPERO ID CRD42020161254). The systematic review was conducted in the PubMed, Scopus (EMBASE) and Cochrane Library databases. Only RCTs enrolling adult subjects with an acute depressive episode with a sham tDCS group were included. Results: Twenty-three studies (twenty-five datasets, 501 participants) were included. Sham tDCS response was large (Hedges' g = 1.09; 95% CI: 0.8;1.38). Secondary and subgroup analyses showed that sham protocols employing a ramp-up/ramp-down at the beginning and end of stimulation presented a significantly lower sham response compared to other protocols. Univariate meta-regression analyses found that sham response was associated with higher risk of blinding bias, and with thetreatment effect size of the active tDCS group. Subgroup analyses also showed that placement of the cathode over the lateral right frontal area (F8) presented a significantly lower sham response. Other moderators, including treatment resistance, baseline severity of depressive symptoms, and total charge delivered were not associated with the magnitude of the sham response. Conclusion: The sham tDCS response was large. Our findings demonstrate the need for standardization of sham tDCS protocols and bring attention to important considerations that can guide future RCTs employing tDCS for the treatment of MDD.
A Secondary Analysis on Effects of Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation to Reduce Anger in Veterans With Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ Introduction: Anger is an important clinical feature of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) that can hamper recovery. We recently reported that intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) demonstrated preliminary efficacy to reduce symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder and major depression; here, we performed a secondary analysis testing whether iTBS reduced symptoms of anger over the course of iTBS treatment and compared to sham stimulation. Materials and Methods: Fifty veterans with chronic PTSD received ten daily sessions of sham-controlled, double-blind iTBS (1800 pulses/session, once per weekday) targeting the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (intent-to-treat = 25 per group). Participants who completed the double-blind phase were offered another ten sessions of unblinded iTBS. Participants completed the Dimensions of Anger Reactions scale at pre-iTBS baseline, treatment midpoints, and endpoints of the blinded and unblinded phases, and at one-month after the last stimulation session. Correlations between anger, PTSD, depression, and sleep were also explored. Results: After the first week, during the double-blind phase, participants randomized to active stimulation reported significantly reduced anger compared to sham stimulation (p = 0.04). Participants initially randomized to sham appeared to catch-up to the point they no longer differed from those initially randomized to active iTBS when they received iTBS during the unblinded phase (p = 0.14). Anger reduction was maintained at one-month after iTBS in participants initially randomized to active stimulation (i.e., total of four weeks of iTBS). Conclusions: This secondary analysis suggests that iTBS might reduce anger in veterans with PTSD. Future studies focused on more granular level anger outcomes and effects of number of stimulation sessions are needed.
Long-Term Effects of Self-Administered Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Episodic Migraine Prevention: Results of a Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Migraine is a multifactorial neurovascular disorder, which affects about 12% of the general population. In episodic migraine, the visual cortex revealed abnormal processing, most likely due to decreased preactivation level. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is able to modify cortical excitability and might result in an alleviation of migraine occurrence if used repetitively. Objective: To test the hypothesis that self-administered anodal tDCS over the visual cortex significantly decreases the number of monthly migraine days in episodic migraine. Materials and Methods: The study was single-blind, randomized, and sham-controlled. Inclusion criteria were age 18–80 years and an ICHD-3 diagnosis of episodic migraine. Exclusion criteria were pregnancy, presence of a neurodegenerative disorder, a contraindication against MRI examinations, and less than two migraine days during the 28-day baseline period. Patients in whom the baseline period suggested chronic migraine were excluded. After baseline, participants applied daily either verum (anodal-1 mA to 20 min) or sham tDCS (anodal-1 mA to 30 sec) at Oz (reference Cz electrode) for 28 days. Headache diaries were used to record the number of migraine days at baseline, during the stimulation period, and during four subsequent 28-day periods. Results: Twenty-eight patients were included; two were excluded after the baseline period because less than two migraine days occurred; three were excluded because their headache diaries suggested the diagnosis of chronic migraine. Twenty-three datasets were taken for further analysis. Compared to sham tDCS (n = 12), verum tDCS (n = 11) resulted in a lower number of migraine days (p = 0.010) across all follow-up periods. We found no significant change in total headache days (p = 0.165), anxiety (p = 0.884), or depression scores (p = 0.535). No serious adverse events occurred; minor side effects were similar in both groups. Conclusions: This study provides Class II evidence that self-administered anodal tDCS over the visual cortex in episodic migraine results in a significantly lower number of monthly migraine days. However, it has neither an immediate nor a long-term effect.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Concussion: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: Post-concussive symptoms (PCSs) are common, disabling, and challenging to manage. Evolving models of concussion pathophysiology suggest evidence of brain network dysfunction that may be amenable to neuromodulation. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has emerged as a potential novel treatment option for PCSs. Objectives: To systematically review rTMS trials for the treatment of symptoms following concussion/mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI). Materials and Methods: We conducted a systematic review of Pubmed/Medline, Embase, and PsychINFO databases were searched up to May 19, 2020. Studies were included if they were prospective rTMS treatment studies of patients with mTBI/concussion. Variables including patient demographics, study design, rTMS protocol parameters, primary outcome measures, and efficacy data were extracted and qualitatively synthesized. rTMS methodology and study quality were also evaluated. Results: Of the 342 studies identified, 11 met eligibility criteria and were included for synthesis. Forty-one percent of patients were female and age ranged from 18 to 65 (average age = 38.5 years). Post-concussive depression (seven studies) and headache (four studies) were the most commonly investigated symptoms. The majority of trials were sham-controlled with randomized control trial (RCT) designs, but all were small pilot samples (n < 30). Methodological heterogeneity and a low number of identified trials precluded quantitative meta-analysis. Regarding rTMS for post-concussive depression, positive results were found in two out of four studies with depression as a primary outcome, and all three studies that assessed depression as a secondary outcome. All four rTMS studies for post-concussive headache reported positive results. Conclusions: rTMS for the treatment of concussion/mTBI shows promising preliminary results for post-concussive depression and headache, symptoms that otherwise have limited effective treatment options. More studies with larger sample sizes are needed to further establish potential efficacy.
Rekindling action language: A neuromodulatory study on parkinson’s disease patients$$$ Impairments of action semantics (a cognitive domain that critically engages motor brain networks) are pervasive in early Parkinson’s disease (PD). However, no study has examined whether action semantic skills in persons with this disease can be influenced by non-invasive neuromodulation. Here, we recruited 22 PD patients and performed a five-day randomized, blinded, sham-controlled study to assess whether anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (atDCS) over the primary motor cortex, combined with cognitive training, can boost action-concept processing. On day 1, participants completed a picture-word association (PWA) task involving action-verb and object-noun conditions. They were then randomly assigned to either an atDCS (n = 11, 2 mA for 20 m) or a sham tDCS (n = 11, 2 mA for 30 s) group and performed an online PWA practice over three days. On day 5, they repeated the initial protocol. Relative to sham tDCS, the atDCS group exhibited faster reaction times for action (as opposed to object) concepts in the post-stimulation test. This result was exclusive to the atDCS group and held irrespective of the subjects’ cognitive, executive, and motor skills, further attesting to its specificity. Our findings suggest that action-concept deficits in PD are distinctively grounded in motor networks and might be countered by direct neuromodulation of such circuits. Moreover, they provide new evidence for neurosemantic models and inform a thriving agenda in the embodied cognition framework.
Safety and efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation (Tms) in pediatric depression$$$ Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), a form of Non-Invasive Brain Stimulation (NIBS), has gained popularity in the last couple of decades. It is approved for treating depression in adults and is under investigation in pediatric depression. This paper aims to evaluate Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) studies in pediatric depression and provide a narrative overview by reviewing the research databases (PubMed, Science Direct, and Cochrane Library). Recent evidence suggests that in pediatric patients of treatment-resistant depression, repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) of the frequency of 10 Hz when applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), can lead to remission, improvement in depressive symptoms, or decrease in recurrence of episodes. Existing literature also suggests that TMS's adverse effects in the pediatric population are minimal and comparable to those in the adult population. However, the limitations of existing studies, including lack of double-blind sham-controlled randomized trials or RCTs (only one RCT exists to date), small sample sizes, absence of long term follow-ups, and lack of homogenous age distribution, render the evidence insufficient for approval of TMS use in pediatric depression. This review suggests that although there is a scope of TMS use in pediatric depression, more proof is required to establish and quantify its efficacy and standardize its dosing regimens.
The effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on depression, anxiety, and stress in patients with epilepsy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Epilepsy is a chronic disorder that affects both sexes and causes some physiological and psychological disabilities. The present study aimed to examine the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the psychological profile of patients with epilepsy. Methods: The design of the present study was a randomized clinical trial with a pretest-posttest and a control group. The statistical population comprised patients with epilepsy, who were referred for treatment to a private health center in Urmia in 2019. The sample consisted of 30 patients with epilepsy selected via the convenience sampling method. Data collection was performed through the use of the Depression, Anxiety, and Stress Scale-21 (DASS-21) questionnaire. After the pretest, 15 subjects were randomly assigned to the intervention group, and 15 subjects were placed in the control group. The intervention was performed in 10 sessions, and the duration of stimulation was 20 minutes. The anode was placed in the F3 region (left hemisphere), the cathode in the F4 (right hemisphere), and the current intensity was 1.5 mA. After the intervention, the posttest was conducted for both groups, and the data were analyzed using a univariate covariance analysis in the SPSS software, version 23. A P value of less than 0.05 was considered statistically significant. Results: The results of the ANCOVA analyses revealed significant differences between the intervention and control groups. The tDCS group represented a significant decrease in the scales of depression, anxiety, and stress in the posttest in comparison with the pretest (P≤0.001). Conclusion: The results showed that tDCS could reduce depression, anxiety, and stress with the changes caused in the brain system. Trial Registration Number: IRCT20190803044417N1.
Willingness to pay for a quality-adjusted life year for depressive disorders compared to heart disease based on population preferences$$$ Purpose: According to estimations of the World Health Organization, depressive disorders, and cardiovascular disease will be the leading causes for global burden of disease in 2030. The aim of the present study was to estimate the value a representative sample of the German population places on quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) for depressive disorders compared to heart disease. Methods: A representative sample of N = 967 of the German general public was randomly presented with one of two hypothetical health-loss scenarios: One version of the questionnaire presented respondents with health loss due to depression, while the other version dealt with health loss due to experiencing a heart disease. Respondents were asked to indicate their willingness to pay (WTP) for four hypothetical health-gain scenarios with different treatment options. Results: In the depression questionnaire median WTP values ranged from 1000 to 1500 EUR; in the heart disease questionnaire from 1000 to 2000 EUR. Results of the Mann–Whitney U-Test and Median Test indicate higher WTP values for heart disease compared to depressive disorders when QALY gains were minor and stretched over a long period of time, and when treatment with bypass operation (rather than treatment with ECT) was offered. Zero WTP was significantly higher in all scenarios of the depression questionnaire in comparison to the hearth disease questionnaire. Conclusion: Results indicate that respondents valued the necessity of paying for treatment higher when presented with heart disease compared to depression.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation over the posterior superior temporal sulcus for children with autism spectrum disorder: A 4-week randomized blinded controlled trial followed by another 4-week open-label intervention$$$ The posterior superior temporal sulcus is a potential therapeutic target of brain stimulation for autism spectrum disorder. We conducted a 4-week randomized, single-blind parallel sham-controlled trial, followed by additional 4-week open-label intervention to evaluate the feasibility and efficacy regarding intermittent theta burst stimulation over the bilateral posterior superior temporal sulcus in autism spectrum disorder. In total, 78 intellectually able children and adolescents were randomized to the active (n = 40) and sham groups (n = 38). During the first 4 weeks, the active group received two-session/week intermittent theta burst stimulation, whereas the sham group received the same number of sham stimulation. After unblinding, both groups received eight-session real stimulation over the additional 4 weeks. In total, 91% participants completed the protocol with mild and transitory side-effects. There was no significant group-by-time interaction for active versus sham group on clinical symptoms and social cognitive performances in the first 4 weeks. The within-group analysis revealed 8 weeks (including a 4-week blind trial and a 4-week open-label intervention) of intermittent theta burst stimulation achieved greater efficacy than 4-week interventions. Participants with higher intelligence, better social cognitive performances, alongside less attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder severity at baseline, were more likely to be responders. Our study demonstrated the feasibility of long-term intermittent theta burst stimulation over the posterior superior temporal sulcus in children and adolescents with autism spectrum disorder. However, the findings from the first 4-week blind trial do not support the therapeutic efficacy of intermittent theta burst stimulation over the posterior superior temporal sulcus on the clinical symptoms and cognitive performance of social impairment, given the current stimulation protocol. The exploratory analyses suggest that the therapeutic efficacy might be moderated by several individual characteristics and more intermittent theta burst stimulation sessions. Lay abstract: Intermittent theta burst stimulation is a varied form of repetitive transcranial magnetic non-invasive brain stimulation technique used to treat several neurological and psychiatric disorders. Its feasibility and therapeutic effects on the bilateral posterior superior temporal sulcus in children with autism are unknown. We conducted a single-blind, sham-controlled parallel randomized clinical trial in a hitherto largest sample of intellectually able children with autism (N = 78). Participants randomized to the active group received two-session/week intermittent theta burst stimulation for continuous 8 weeks. Those in the sham group received two-session/week sham stimulations in the first 4 weeks and then active intervention for the following 4 weeks after unblinding. First, we found that continuous 8-week intermittent theta burst stimulation on the bilateral posterior superior temporal sulcus in children with autism is safe and tolerable. Second, we found that 8-week intermittent theta burst stimulation produced greater therapeutic efficacy, although we did not find any significant effects of 4-week intermittent theta burst stimulation on core symptoms and social cognitive performances in autism. Further analysis revealed that participants with higher intelligence and better social cognitive performance, alongside less attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder severity at baseline, were more likely to be responders. This study identified that the factors contribute to responders and the results suggest that longer courses of non-invasive brain stimulation may be needed to produce therapeutic benefits in autism, with consideration of heterogeneous responses.
Cortical Thickness in the Right Anterior Cingulate Cortex Relates to Clinical Response to Left Prefrontal Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation: An Exploratory Study$$$ Objectives: Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) is a promising treatment option for depressed patients. However, there is a large interindividual variability in clinical effectiveness and individual biomarkers to guide treatment outcome are needed. Materials and Methods: Here, the relation between cortical thickness and clinical response (17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale) was studied using anatomical MRI data of 50 depressed patients who were included in a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded, cross-over aiTBS design (NCT01832805). Results: Baseline cortical thickness in the right caudal part of the anterior cingulate cortex (cACC) was significantly correlated with direct clinical responses in the subgroup who received active aiTBS during the first stimulation week. No correlations were found between baseline cortical thickness and delayed clinical effectiveness. In this particular region, longitudinal changes in cortical thickness were significantly correlated with clinical effectiveness. Furthermore, direct changes in cortical thickness in the right cACC showed predictive potential of delayed clinical responses. Conclusion: Cortical thickness within the right cACC might be an important biomarker to predict clinical responses to aiTBS. Additional studies are warranted to substantiate the specific biomarker potential of these parts of the ACC.
Cannabidiol modulation of hippocampal glutamate in early psychosis$$$ Background: Emerging evidence supports the antipsychotic effect of cannabidiol, a non-intoxicating component of cannabis, in people with psychosis. Preclinical findings suggest that this antipsychotic effect may be related to cannabidiol modulating glutamatergic signalling in the brain. Aim: The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of cannabidiol on the neurochemical mechanisms underlying psychosis. Methods: We investigated the effects of a single oral dose of cannabidiol (600 mg) in patients with psychosis, using a double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled, repeated-measures, within-subject cross-over design. After drug administration, 13 patients were scanned using proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy to measure left hippocampal glutamate levels. Symptom severity was rated using the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale 60 min before drug administration (pre-scan), and 270 min after drug administration (post-scan). Effects of cannabidiol on hippocampal glutamate levels, symptom severity, and correlations between hippocampal glutamate and symptoms were investigated. Results: Compared to placebo, there was a significant increase in hippocampal glutamate (p=0.035), and a significantly greater decrease in symptom severity (p=0.032) in the psychosis patients under cannabidiol treatment. There was also a significant negative relationship between post-treatment total Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale score and hippocampal glutamate (p=0.047), when baseline Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale score, treatment (cannabidiol vs placebo), and interaction between treatment and glutamate levels were controlled for. Conclusions: These findings may suggest a link between the increase in glutamate levels and concomitant decrease in symptom severity under cannabidiol treatment observed in psychosis patients. Furthermore, the findings provide novel insight into the potential neurochemical mechanisms underlying the antipsychotic effects of cannabidiol.
Efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating depression: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising nonpharmacological intervention for treating depression. We aimed to provide an updated meta-analysis assessing the anti-depressant efficacy of tDCS. Methods: We searched the literature from the first available date to 30 December 2020 to identify relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Results: 27 RCTs (N = 1204 patients, 653 in active tDCS and 551 in sham tDCS) were included. Active tDCS was superior to sham tDCS (g = 0.46, 95 % CI 0.15−0.76) in modulating depressive symptoms measured by depression rating scales. Active tDCS was also superior to sham tDCS in reducing response and remission rates, but these differences did not reach statistically significant levels (ORresponse = 1.75, 95 % CI 0.85–3.58; ORremission = 1.29, 95 % CI 0.59–2.83). The two groups had comparable dropout rates (OR = 1.28, 95 % CI 0.62–1.64). Conclusion: For treatments of depressive episodes, tDCS may be efficacious. Specific tDCS parameters (e.g., a 2-mA stimulation current and 30-min sessions) and clinical characteristics (e.g., antidepressant-free) may augment the treatment efficacy of tDCS.
Objective electrophysiological fatigability markers and their modulation through tDCS$$$ Objective: Cognitive fatigability is a frequent symptom after sustained performance. Fatigability is evident in healthy subjects but is also often comorbid in several neuropsychiatric diseases. However, to date, clinical diagnostic almost solely relies on the self-reported subjective experience of fatigue. The goals of this present study were i) to complement the purely subjective fatigue diagnostic with objective electrophysiological fatigability parameters and ii) to prove the potential therapeutic application of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a fatigability intervention. Methods: We performed a pseudo-randomized, sham-controlled, parallel-group trial. Forty healthy participants received either anodal or sham tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) while they performed an exhaustive cognitive task to induce cognitive fatigability. To assess fatigability changes, we analyzed variations of prepulse inhibition (PPI) and P50 suppression as well as frontomedial theta and occipital alpha power with time-on-task. Results: The task reliably induced subjective exhaustion in all participants. Furthermore, we confirmed fatigability-related increases in frontomedial theta and occipital alpha power throughout the task. Additionally, fatigability significantly reduced PPI as well as P50 sensory gating. Anodal tDCS over the left DLPFC successfully counteracted fatigability and reduced the fatigability-related increase in alpha power as well as the decline in both gating parameters. Conclusion: Occipital alpha and sensorimotor/sensory gating are suitable parameters to assess the severity of fatigability objectively. Anodal tDCS can counteract fatigability and has therapeutic potential for the treatment of fatigability in neuropsychiatric diseases. Significance: Fatigability can be objectively assessed by electrophysiological measures and attenuated by tDCS.
Clinical and Functional Connectivity Outcomes of 5-Hz Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation as an Add-on Treatment in Cocaine Use Disorder: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Cocaine use disorder (CUD) is a global condition lacking effective treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may reduce craving and frequency of cocaine use, but little is known about its efficacy and neural effects. We sought to elucidate short- and long-term clinical benefits of 5-Hz rTMS as an add-on to standard treatment in patients with CUD and discern underlying functional connectivity effects using magnetic resonance imaging. Methods: A total of 44 patients with CUD were randomly assigned to complete the 2-week double-blind randomized controlled trial (acute phase) (sham [n = 20, 2 female] and active [n = 24, 4 female]), in which they received two daily sessions of rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (PFC). Subsequently, 20 patients with CUD continued to an open-label maintenance phase for 6 months (two weekly sessions for up to 6 mo). Results: rTMS plus standard treatment for 2 weeks significantly reduced craving (baseline: 3.9 ± 3.6; 2 weeks: 1.5 ± 2.4, p = .013, d = 0.77) and impulsivity (baseline: 64.8 ± 16.8; 2 weeks: 53.1 ± 17.4, p = .011, d = 0.79) in the active group. We also found increased functional connectivity between the left dorsolateral PFC and ventromedial PFC and between the ventromedial PFC and right angular gyrus. Clinical and functional connectivity effects were maintained for 3 months, but they dissipated by 6 months. We did not observe reduction in positive results for cocaine in urine; however, self-reported frequency and grams consumed for 6 months were reduced. Conclusions: With this randomized controlled trial, we show that 5-Hz rTMS has potential promise as an adjunctive treatment for CUD and merits further research.
Effectiveness of dry needling techniques in patients with knee osteoarthritis: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Dry needling has been found to be effective in various myofascial pain syndromes and musculoskeletal conditions. However, there is a need to evaluate the effects of dry needling techniques in patients with knee osteoarthritis. Hence, the objective of this systematic review was to identify and critically review the evidence on the short-term and long-term effects of dry needling techniques in patients with knee osteoarthritis. Methods: Databases such as Pubmed, Cochrane library, and Scopus were searched from their inception to July 2019 for randomized controlled trials using dry needling as an active intervention against control/sham/placebo treatment in patients with knee osteoarthritis. The quality of the selected studies was analyzed using Cochrane tool for assessment of risk of bias. Results: Out of 247 studies, 9 studies were included in the review. The qualitative synthesis for myofascial trigger point dry needling showed contradictory results. The mean difference for periosteal stimulation was significant on pain and function immediately post-treatment (p < 0.00001). The mean difference for intramuscular electrical stimulation on pain was significant (p = 0.03), but marked heterogeneity was found among the studies. Conclusion: Good quality studies on myofascial trigger point needling and intramuscular electrical stimulation are required to evaluate their effects in patients with knee osteoarthritis. The review demonstrates a moderate-quality evidence on the short-term effect of periosteal stimulation technique on pain and function in knee osteoarthritis. Future studies comparing the effects of various techniques of dry needling with different dosages and long-term follow up need to be conducted.
Dorsomedial prefrontal theta burst stimulation to treat anhedonia, avolition, and blunted affect in schizophrenia or depression – a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) has shown promise in open-label trials of depression. Methods: In this randomized, double-blind, sham controlled trial we evaluate iTBS over the DMPFC for anhedonia, avolition, and blunted affect in patients with schizophrenia or depression. Active iTBS was delivered over the DMPFC with 1200 pulses per session, twice daily over ten weekdays at target intensity with an angled figure-of eight coil. Sham condition comprised the magnetically shielded side of the coil and simultaneous transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation. Primary outcome was change on the Clinical Assessment Interview for Negative Symptoms (CAINS). Results: Twenty-eight patients were randomized to active iTBS and 28 to sham. Mean (standard deviation) change in CAINS score from baseline to the day after last treatment was -5.3 (8.1) in active iTBS and -2.1 (7.1) in sham. A linear model showed no significant effect of treatment, accounting for baseline scores p=.088. Sub analyses per diagnostic group showed a significant effect in patients with depression, p=.038, but not in the schizophrenia group, p=.850. However, overall depressive symptoms did not change significantly in patients with depression. There were three serious adverse events, all in the sham group. Limitations: Possibly too short treatment course and few patients with schizophrenia. Conclusion: In this first transdiagnostic randomized controlled trial of iTBS over DMPFC for anhedonia, avolition, and blunted affect it can be concluded that it was generally tolerable and safe but only more effective than sham in the subgroup of patients with depression.
Parsing the antidepressant effects of non-invasive brain stimulation and pharmacotherapy: A symptom clustering approach on ELECT-TDCS$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) presents small antidepressant efficacy at group level and considerable inter-individual variability of response. Its heterogeneous effects bring the need to investigate whether specific groups of patients submitted to tDCS could present comparable or larger improvement compared to pharmacotherapy. Aggregate measurements might be insufficient to address its effects. Objective: /Hypothesis: To determine the efficacy of tDCS, compared to pharmacotherapy and placebo, in depressive symptom clusters. Methods: Data from ELECT-TDCS (Escitalopram versus Electrical Direct-Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study, ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01894815), in which antidepressant-free, depressed patients were randomized to receive 22 bifrontal tDCS (2 mA, 30 min) sessions (n = 94), escitalopram 20 mg/day (n = 91), or placebo (n = 60) over 10 weeks. Agglomerative hierarchical clustering identified “sleep/insomnia”, “core depressive”, “guilt/anxiety”, and “atypical” clusters that were the dependent measure. Trajectories were estimated using linear mixed regression models. Effect sizes are expressed in raw HAM-D units. P-values were adjusted for multiple comparisons. Results: For core depressive symptoms, escitalopram was superior to tDCS (ES = −0.56; CI95% = -0.94 to −0.17, p =.009), which was superior to placebo (ES = 0.49; CI95% = 0.06 to 0.92, p =.042). TDCS but not escitalopram was superior to placebo in sleep/insomnia symptoms (ES = 0.87; CI95% = 0.22 to 1.52, p =.015). Escitalopram but not tDCS was superior to placebo in guilt/anxiety symptoms (ES = 1.66; CI95% = 0.58 to 2.75, p =.006). No active intervention was superior to placebo for atypical symptoms. Conclusions: Pharmacotherapy and non-invasive brain stimulation produce distinct effects in depressive symptoms. TDCS or escitalopram could be chosen according to specific clusters of symptoms for a bigger response. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01894815
Therapeutic neurostimulation in obsessive-compulsive and related disorders: A systematic review$$$ Invasive and noninvasive neurostimulation therapies for obsessive-compulsive and related disorders (OCRD) were systematically reviewed with the aim of assessing clinical characteristics, methodologies, neuroanatomical substrates, and varied stimulation parameters. Previous reviews have focused on a narrow scope, statistical rather than clinical significance, grouped together heterogenous protocols, and proposed inconclusive outcomes and directions. Herein, a comprehensive and transdiagnostic evaluation of all clinically relevant determinants is presented with translational clinical recommendations and novel response rates. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) studies were limited in number and quality but demonstrated greater efficacy than previously identified. Targeting the pre-SMA/SMA is recommended for transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). TMS yielded superior outcomes, although polarity findings were conflicting, and refinement of frontal/cognitive control protocols may optimize outcomes. For both techniques, standardization of polarity, more treatment sessions (>20), and targeting multiple structures are encouraged. A deep brain stimulation (DBS) ‘sweet spot’ of the striatum for OCD was proposed, and CBT is strongly encouraged. Tourette’s patients showed less variance and reliance on treatment optimization. Several DBS targets achieved consistent, rapid, and sustained clinical response. Analysis of fiber connectivity, as opposed to precise neural regions, should be implemented for target selection. Standardization of protocols is necessary to achieve translational outcomes. .
Meta-analysis of brain structural changes after electroconvulsive therapy in depression$$$ Background: Increases in the volume of the amygdala and hippocampus after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are among the most robust effects known to the brain-imaging field. Recent advances in the segmentation of substructures of these regions allow for novel insights on the relationship between brain structure and clinical outcomes of ECT. Objective: We aimed to provide a comprehensive synthesis of evidence available on changes in brain structure after ECT, including recently published data on hippocampal subfields. Methods: A meta-analysis of published studies was carried out using random-effects models of standardized mean change of regional brain volumes measured with longitudinal magnetic resonance imaging of depressive patients before and after a series of ECT. Results: Data from 21 studies (543 depressed patients) were analysed, including 6 studies (118 patients) on hippocampal subfields. Meta-analyses could be carried out for seven brain regions for which data from at least three published studies was available. We observed increases in left and right hippocampi, amygdalae, cornua ammonis (CA) 1, CA 2/3, dentate gyri (DG) and subicula with standardized mean change scores ranging between 0.34 and 1.15. The model did not reveal significant volume increases in the caudate. Meta-regression indicated a negative relationship between the reported increases in the DG and relative symptom improvement (−0.27 (SE: 0.09) per 10%). Conclusions: ECT is accompanied by significant volume increases in the bilateral hippocampus and amygdala that are not associated with treatment outcome. Among hippocampal subfields, the most robust volume increases after ECT were measured in the dentate gyrus. The indicated negative correlation of this effect with antidepressant efficacy warrants replication in data of individual patients.
Neuromodulation Approaches in Parkinson’s Disease Using Deep Brain Stimulation and Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Parkinson’s Disease (PD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease, characterized by progressive motor (such as resting tremor, hypokinesia, postural instability) and non-motor symptoms (such as neuropsychiatric decline and autonomic dysfunction). Since its introduction in the late 1980s, deep brain stimulation (DBS) has revolutionized the treatment of PD. Initially used in patients’ with advanced PD with either medically refractory motor symptoms or medication intolerance, DBS typically provides excellent improvement in motor symptoms. Indications for DBS have continued to expand, with demonstrated efficacy in early PD and essential tremor, and promising preliminary results in the treatment of epilepsy, psychiatric disease, and depression. Advancements in DBS hardware, programming, neuroimaging, and surgical techniques have led to progressive improvement in efficacy and safety profiles. Thanks to ongoing research into remote programming, adaptive DBS, new targets, and alternative interventions, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation, the opportunities for further improvements in DBS and neuromodulation are bright.
The Growing Role of Cognitive Behavior Therapy in the Treatment of Parkinson’s Disease$$$ Neuropsychiatric symptoms occur frequently in Parkinson’s disease (PD) patients. Pharmacological treatment of the psychiatric symptoms has been found to be inadequate. Cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) is an evidence based form of psychotherapy that is effective in treating a number of psychiatric disorders. In this article we examine the evidence of CBT in treating common psychiatric symptoms seen in PD patients, namely depression, anxiety, insomnia and impulse control behaviors. Most of the studies adapted CBT to address PD related concerns. Caregivers were frequently part of the CBT programs. Among the studies reviewed, randomized controlled trials showed significant effects in treating depression with CBT in PD patients. Studies have also provided preliminary data for effects of CBT on anxiety, impulse-control behaviors and insomnia. There is a need for more well designed studies with sufficient power for CBT to be established as a useful non-pharmacological treatment for psychiatric symptoms in PD.
Intensified electrical stimulation targeting lateral and medial prefrontal cortices for the treatment of social anxiety disorder: A randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, dose-comparison study$$$ Background: Social Anxiety Disorder (SAD) is the most common anxiety disorder while remains largely untreated. Disturbed amygdala-frontal network functions are central to the pathophysiology of SAD, marked by hypoactivity of the lateral prefrontal cortex (PFC), and hypersensitivity of the medial PFC and the amygdala. The objective of this study was to determine whether modulation of the dorsolateral and medial PFC activity with a novel intensified stimulation protocol reduces SAD core symptoms, improves treatment-related variables, and reduces attention bias to threatening stimuli. Methods: In this randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind trial, we assessed the efficacy of an intensified stimulation protocol (20 min, twice-daily sessions with 20 min intervals, 5 consecutive days) in two intensities (1 vs 2 mA) compared to sham stimulations. 45 patients with SAD were randomized in three tDCS arms (1-mA, 2-mA, sham). SAD symptoms, treatment-related variables (worries, depressive state, emotion regulation, quality of life), and attention bias to threatening stimuli (dot-probe paradigm) were assessed before and right after the intervention. SAD symptoms were also assessed at 2-month follow-up. Results: Both 1-mA and 2-mA protocols significantly reduced fear/avoidance symptoms, worries and improved, emotion regulation and quality of life after the intervention compared to the sham group. Improving effect of the 2-mA protocol on avoidance symptoms, worries and depressive state was significantly larger than the 1-mA group. Only the 2-mA protocol reduced attention bias to threat-related stimuli, the avoidance symptom at follow-up, and depressive states, as compared to the sham group. Conclusions: Modulation of lateral-medial PFC activity with intensified stimulation can improve cognitive control, motivation and emotion networks in SAD and might thereby result in therapeutic effects. These effects can be larger with 2-mA vs 1-mA intensities, though a linear relationship between intensity and efficacy should not be concluded. Our results need replication in larger trials.
An update on medical and surgical treatments of parkinson's disease$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is characterized by degeneration of dopaminergic neurons in the substantia nigra pars compacta and other neuronal populations. The worldwide prevalence of PD is over 7 million and has been increasing more rapidly than many other neurodegenerative disorders. PD symptoms can be broadly divided into motor (slowness, stiffness, tremor) and non-motor symptoms (such as depression, dementia, psychosis, orthostatic hypotension). Patients can also have prodromal symptoms of rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder, hyposmia, and constipation. The diagnosis of PD is mainly clinical, but dopamine transporter single-photon emission computed tomography can improve the accuracy of the diagnosis. Dopamine based therapies are used for the treatment of motor symptoms. Non-motor symptoms are treated with other medications such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (depression/anxiety), acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (dementia), and atypical antipsychotics (psychosis). Patients with motor fluctuations or uncontrolled tremor, benefit from deep brain stimulation. Levodopa-carbidopa intestinal gel is an alternative to deep brain stimulation for uncontrolled motor fluctuations. Rehabilitative therapies such as physical, occupational, and speech therapy are important during all stages of the disease. Management of PD is complex but there have been significant advancements in the treatment of motor and non-motor symptoms over the past few years. This review discusses the updates in the medical and surgical management of PD.
The Influence of Acute SSRI Administration on White Matter Microstructure in Patients Suffering from Major Depressive Disorder and Healthy Controls$$$ Background: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are predominantly prescribed for people suffering from major depressive disorder. These antidepressants exert their effects by blocking the serotonin transporter (SERT), leading to increased levels of serotonin in the synaptic cleft and subsequently to an attenuation of depressive symptoms and elevation in mood. Although long-term studies investigating white matter (WM) alterations after exposure to antidepressant treatment exist, results on the acute effects on the brain's WM microstructure are lacking. Methods: In this interventional longitudinal study, 81 participants were included (33 patients and 48 healthy controls). All participants underwent diffusion weighted imaging on 2 separate days, receiving either citalopram or placebo using a randomized, double-blind, cross-over design. Fractional anisotropy, mean diffusivity, axial diffusivity, and radial diffusivity were calculated within the FMRIB software library and analyzed using tract-based spatial statistics. Results: The repeated-measures ANOVA model revealed significant decreases after SSRI administration in mean diffusivity, axial diffusivity, and radial diffusivity regardless of the group (P <. 05, family-wise error [FWE] corrected). Results were predominantly evident in frontal WM regions comprising the anterior corona radiata, corpus callosum, and external capsule and in distinct areas of the frontal blade. No increases in diffusivity were found, and no changes in fractional anisotropy were present. Conclusions: Our investigation provides the first evidence, to our knowledge, that fast WM microstructure adaptations within 1 hour after i.v. SSRI administration precede elevations in mood due to SSRI treatment. These results add a new facet to the complex mode of action of antidepressant therapy. This study was registered at clinicaltrials.gov with the identifier NCT02711215.
The My Active and Healthy Aging ICT platform prevents quality of life decline in older adults: A randomised controlled study$$$ Introduction: Prevention of frailty is paramount in older adults. We evaluated the efficacy of a tailored multidomain intervention, monitored with the My Active and Healthy Aging platform, in reducing conversion from a prefrail status to overt frailty and preventing decline in quality of life. Methods: We performed a multicentre, multicultural, randomised control study. The effects of multidomain interventions on frailty parameters, quality of life, physical, cognitive, psychosocial function, nutrition and sleep were evaluated in a group of 101 prefrail older subjects and compared with 100 prefrail controls, receiving general health advice. Results: At the 12-month assessment, controls showed a decline in quality of life that was absent in the active group. In addition, active participants showed an increase in mood and nutrition function. No effect on remaining parameter was observed. Discussion: Our study supports the use of personalised multidomain intervention, monitored with an information and communication technology platform, in preventing quality of life decline in older adults.
Anesthesia for Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Niche Role for Sevoflurane$$$ Anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) usually involves the intravenous (IV) administration of drugs such as methohexital, thiopental, propofol, etomidate, or ketamine. Sevoflurane is an inhalational anesthetic agent that has been available for the past 3 decades. Although many studies have examined sevoflurane in the context of ECT, treatment guidelines make either no mention or only passing mention of its potential use in the ECT procedure. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis identified 12 randomized clinical trials (pooled N = 377) of sevoflurane vs IV anesthetics in patients receiving ECT. The meta-analysis found that sevoflurane was associated with shorter EEG seizure duration than barbiturate, ketamine, or propofol anesthesia; that the postictal suppression index did not differ significantly between sevoflurane and propofol; that sevoflurane increased heart rate more than did the IV anesthetics; that sevoflurane increased mean arterial pressure more than did barbiturates and propofol but less than did ketamine; and that, overall, adverse events did not differ significantly between sevoflurane and IV anesthetics. Other known disadvantages of sevoflurane include the need for additional anesthesia instrumentation, the potentiation of action of nondepolarizing muscle relaxants, and the increased complexity of the ECT procedure. These findings and considerations do not encourage the use of sevoflurane for ECT anesthesia. However, there may be a niche role for sevoflurane in patients who are afraid of needlesticks or who are too agitated for an IV line to be set up while they are conscious and in patients who characteristically experience prolonged ECT seizures. Sevoflurane could also be useful in the final trimester of pregnancy because it may inhibit ECT-induced uterine contractions. Importantly, undesired effects of sevoflurane on seizure duration and the hemodynamic response to ECT can be attenuated by discontinuing its administration after induction.
Cognitive function after electroconvulsive therapy for depression: relationship to clinical response$$$ BACKGROUND: As uncertainty remains about whether clinical response influences cognitive function after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depression, we examined the effect of remission status on cognitive function in depressed patients 4 months after a course of ECT. METHOD: A secondary analysis was undertaken on participants completing a randomised controlled trial of ketamine augmentation of ECT for depression who were categorised by remission status (MADRS ⩽10 v. >10) 4 months after ECT. Cognition was assessed with self-rated memory and neuropsychological tests of anterograde verbal and visual memory, autobiographical memory, verbal fluency and working memory. Patients were assessed through the study, healthy controls on a single occasion, and compared using analysis of variance. RESULTS: At 4-month follow-up, remitted patients (N = 18) had a mean MADRS depression score of 3.8 (95% CI 2.2-5.4) compared with 27.2 (23.0-31.5) in non-remitted patients (N = 19), with no significant baseline differences between the two groups. Patients were impaired on all cognitive measures at baseline. There was no deterioration, with some measures improving, 4-months after ECT, at which time remitted patients had significantly improved self-rated memory, anterograde verbal memory and category verbal fluency compared with those remaining depressed. Self-rated memory correlated with category fluency and autobiographical memory at follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: We found no evidence of persistent impairment of cognition after ECT. Achieving remission improved subjective memory and verbal memory recall, but other aspects of cognitive function were not influenced by remission status. Self-rated memory may be useful to monitor the effects of ECT on longer-term memory.
Acupuncture and Derived Therapies for Pain in Palliative Cancer Management: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis Based on Single-Arm and Controlled Trials$$$ Background: Acupuncture is a classical complementary therapy, but benefits in palliative cancer pain are still unclear due to lack of consistent evidence. Objectives: To comprehensively evaluate the effectiveness of acupuncture and derived therapies (such as electroacupuncture, laser acupuncture, and transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation) for analgesia in palliative cancer care based on both single-arm and controlled trials. Design: Eight databases were searched from inception to August 31, 2020. Both single-arm trials and controlled trials were included. The primary outcome was the change in pain intensity, as evaluated by the numeric rating scale (NRS) and the visual analog scale. Subjects: Adults with cancer. Results: Forty-one controlled studies with 2685 participants and 18 single-arm studies with 1084 participants were included. For controlled trials, meta-analysis indicated that acupuncture and derived therapies in addition led to greater reductions in the NRS score than conventional analgesics alone (weighted mean difference [WMD]: 1.33 [0.85-1.82], p < 0.001). For single-arm trials, meta-analysis showed that both the immediate effect (WMD: 1.57 [1.43-1.71], p < 0.001) and long-term longitudinal effect (WMD: 1.81 [1.25-2.37], p < 0.001) of acupuncture on analgesia were positive, as evaluated by the NRS, respectively. The benefits of acupuncture and derived therapies were also seen in quality of life and the global improvement rate. LI4 (Hegu) was the most frequently used acupoint. Conclusions: This systematic review supported the application of acupuncture and derived therapies for managing pain during palliative cancer care from two dimensions. Further studies could explore the effect of acupuncture on other predominant symptoms in palliative cancer patients.
Unchanged Cognitive Performance and Concurrent Prefrontal Blood Oxygenation After Accelerated Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation in Depression: A Sham-Controlled Study$$$ Aim: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) delivered over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) has shown promise as a treatment for anhedonia and amotivation in patients with depression. Here, we investigated whether this protocol modulates cognitive performance and concurrent prefrontal blood oxygenation. We also examined whether depressed patients exhibit cognitive dysfunction and prefrontal hypoactivity at baseline compared to healthy controls. Methods: This sham-controlled study comprises 52 patients randomized to either active or sham accelerated iTBS over the DMPFC (applied twice daily) for 10 consecutive treatment days, and 55 healthy controls. Cognitive performance was assessed at baseline and once again 4 weeks later using a cognitive test battery targeting attention, inhibitory control, and numerical, verbal, and visual working memory. Concurrent prefrontal oxygenated hemoglobin (oxy-Hb) was captured with functional near-infrared spectroscopy. Results: Active iTBS over DMPFC did not affect cognitive performance or concurrent oxy-Hb change compared to sham iTBS in patients with depression. Compared to controls, patients at baseline showed impaired performance in the Trail Making Test, the Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test, the Animal Naming Test, and the Digit Symbol Substitution Test, however no difference in prefrontal oxy-Hb was observed. Conclusion: Patients with treatment-resistant depression displayed cognitive deficits, however without prefrontal hypoactivity, compared to healthy controls at baseline. iTBS treatment did not alter cognitive performance, nor concurrent prefrontal blood oxygenation, in patients. Taken together, iTBS can likely be considered a cognitively safe treatment option in this sample of patients.
A Systematic Review of Neuromodulation Treatment Effects on Suicidality$$$ Introduction: Neuromodulation is an important group of therapeutic modalities for neuropsychiatric disorders. Prior studies have focused on efficacy and adverse events associated with neuromodulation. Less is known regarding the influence of neuromodulation treatments on suicidality. This systematic review sought to examine the effects of various neuromodulation techniques on suicidality. Methods: A systematic review of the literature from 1940 to 2020 following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guideline was conducted. Any reported suicide-related outcome, including suicidal ideation, suicide intent, suicide attempt, completed suicide in reports were considered as a putative measure of treatment effect on suicidality. Results: The review identified 129 relevant studies. An exploratory analysis of a randomized controlled trial comparing the effects of sertraline and transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) for treating depression reported a decrease in suicidal ideation favoring tDCS vs. placebo and tDCS combined with sertraline vs. placebo. Several studies reported an association between repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and improvements in suicidal ideation. In 12 of the studies, suicidality was the primary outcome, ten of which showed a significant improvement in suicidal ideation. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and magnetic seizure therapy was also shown to be associated with lower suicidal ideation and completed suicide rates. There were 11 studies which suicidality was the primary outcome and seven of these showed an improvement in suicidal ideation or suicide intent and fewer suicide attempts or completed suicides in patients treated with ECT. There was limited literature focused on the potential protective effect of vagal nerve stimulation with respect to suicidal ideation. Data were mixed regarding the potential effects of deep brain stimulation on suicidality. Conclusions: Future prospective studies of neuromodulation that focus on the primary outcome of suicidality are urgently needed. Systematic Review Registration: https://www.crd.york.ac.uk/prospero/display_record.php?RecordID=125599, identifier: CRD42019125599.
Challenging control over emotions in borderline personality disorder - a tDCS study$$$ Background: Deficient cognitive control (CC) over emotional distraction is a central characteristic of borderline personality disorder (BPD). Reduced activation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) has been linked to this deficit. This study investigates whether it is possible to ameliorate CC deficits via anodal tDCS over the left dlPFC in BPD. Furthermore, we investigate whether the extent of CC impairment influences how well one responds to tDCS. Methods: The effect of a single-session tDCS (1 mA for 20 min, reference electrode on the contralateral mastoid bone) to the left dlPFC (F3) on the CC of patients with BPD (N = 20) and healthy control participants (HCs, N = 20) was examined in a double-blinded, balanced randomized, sham-controlled crossover trial. A delayed response working memory task with negative, neutral and positive pictures presented during the delay period was conducted to assess CC. Stimulation was applied simultaneously with the task. Results: Negative pictures caused prolonged response times as compared to a control condition in patients with BPD and HCs. Anodal tDCS to the left dlPFC did not significantly reduce this interference effect in the overall sample. Further analyses showed, however, that participants with impaired CC profited the most from anodal tDCS. In the subgroup of participants who actually showed an interference effect we found the expected significant amelioration of CC under tDCS. Conclusions: The present study demonstrates that anodal tDCS applied to the left dlPFC improves deficient CC. Thereby, base-level performance moderates tDCS effects. Hence, tDCS might be suitable to support behavioral trainings to enhance CC specifically in people whose impairments in CC are comparably high.
Magnetic seizure therapy for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a potential alternative to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Reports to date on use of MST for patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) are limited. Objectives: To evaluate the effects of MST in comparison with sham-MST, antidepressant, and other forms of electric or magnetic treatment for adults with TRD. Search methods: In March 2020, we searched a wide range of international electronic sources for published, unpublished, and ongoing studies. We handsearched the reference lists of all included studies and relevant systematic reviews and conference proceedings of the Annual Meeting of the American College of Neuropsychopharmacology (ACNP), the Annual Scientific Convention and Meeting, and the Annual Meeting of the European College of Neuropsychopharmacology (ECNP) to identify additional studies. Selection criteria: All randomised clinical trials (RCTs) focused on MST for adults with TRD. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors extracted data independently. For binary outcomes, we calculated risk ratios (RRs) and 95% confidence intervals (CIs). For continuous data, we estimated mean differences (MDs) between groups and 95% CIs. We employed a random-effects model for analyses. We assessed risk of bias for included studies and created a 'Summary of findings' table using the GRADE approach. Our main outcomes of interest were symptom severity, cognitive function, suicide, quality of life, social functioning, dropout for any reason, serious adverse events, and adverse events that led to discontinuation of treatment. Main results: We included three studies (65 participants) comparing MST with ECT. Two studies reported depressive symptoms with the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD). However, in one study, the data were skewed and there was an imbalance in baseline characteristics. Analysis of these two studies showed no clear differences in depressive symptoms between treatment groups (MD 0.71, 95% CI -2.23 to 3.65; 2 studies, 40 participants; very low-certainty evidence). Two studies investigated multiple domains of cognitive function. However most of the outcomes were not measured by validated neuropsychological tests, and many of the data suffered from unbalanced baseline and skewed distribution. Analysis of immediate memory performance measured by the Wechsler Memory Scale showed no clear differences between treatment groups (MD 0.40, 95% CI -4.16 to 4.96; 1 study, 20 participants; very low-certainty evidence). Analysis of delayed memory performance measured by the Wechsler Memory Scale also showed no clear differences between treatment groups (MD 2.57, 95% CI -2.39 to 7.53; 1 study, 20 participants; very low-certainty evidence). Only one study reported quality of life, but the data were skewed and baseline data were unbalanced across groups. Analysis of quality of life showed no clear differences between treatment groups (MD 14.86, 95% CI -42.26 to 71.98; 1 study, 20 participants; very low-certainty evidence). Only one study reported dropout and adverse events that led to discontinuation of treatment. Analysis of reported data showed no clear differences between treatment groups for this outcome (RR 1.38, 95% CI 0.28 to 6.91; 1 study, 25 participants; very low-certainty evidence). Adverse events occurred in only two participants who received ECT (worsening of preexisting coronary heart disease and a cognitive adverse effect). None of the included studies reported outcomes on suicide and social functioning. No RCTs comparing MST with other treatments were identified. Authors' conclusions: Evidence regarding effects of MST on patients with TRD is currently insufficient. Our analyses of available data did not reveal clearly different effects between MST and ECT. We are uncertain about these findings because of risk of bias and imprecision of estimates. Large, long, well-designed, and well-reported trials are needed to further examine the effects of MST.
Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) in Bipolar Disorder Patients with Ultra-Rapid Cycling and Unstable Mixed States$$$ Background and Objectives: Unstable mixed episodes or rapid switching between opposite affective poles within the scope of short cycles was first characterized in 1967 by S. Mentzos as complex polymorphous states with chaotic overlap of manic and depressive symptoms. Well-known examples include antidepressant-induced mania/hypomania and rapid/ultra-rapid/ultradian cycling, when clinicians observe an almost continuous mixed state with a constant change of preponderance of manic or depressive symptoms. Achieving stable remission in these cases is challenging with almost no data on evidence-based treatment. When mood stabilizers are ineffective, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been suggested. Objectives: After reviewing the evidence from available literature, this article presents our own clinical experience of ECT efficacy and tolerability in patients with ultra-rapid cycling bipolar disorder (BD) and unstable mixed states. Materials and Methods: We conducted an open, one-year observational prospective study with a "mirror image" design, including 30 patients with rapid and ultra-rapid cycling BD on long-term mood stabilizer treatment (18 received lithium carbonate, 6 on valproate and 6 on carbamazepine) with limited effectiveness. A bilateral ECT course (5-10 sessions) was prescribed for regaining mood stability. Results: ECT was very effective in 12 patients (40%) with a history of ineffective mood stabilizer treatment who achieved and maintained remission; all of them received lithium except for 1 patient who received carbamazepine and 2 with valproate. Nine patients (30%) showed partial response (one on carbamazepine and two on valproate) and nine patients (30%) had no improvement at all (four on carbamazepine and two on valproate). For the whole sample, the duration of affective episodes was significantly reduced from 36.05 ± 4.32 weeks in the year prior to ECT to 21.74 ± 12.14 weeks in the year post-ECT (p < 0.001). Depressive episodes with mixed and/or catatonic features according to DSM-5 specifiers were associated with a better acute ECT response and/or long-term mood stabilizer treatment outcome after ECT. Conclusions: ECT could be considered as a useful option for getting mood instability under control in rapid and ultra-rapid cycling bipolar patients. Further randomized trials are needed to confirm these results.
Effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) on cognition$$$ Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) is a modern non-invasive brain stimulation method demonstrated as effective in the treatment of major depression and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). This review aims to survey present knowledge concerning the cognitive function changes identified in dTMS research. A systematic literature search in PubMed and Google Scholar was performed and 23 out of 64 studies on dTMS and cognitive functioning were included in the review. Ten studies were conducted with patients with affective disorders, six with healthy participants, two with schizophrenia patients, two with OCD patients, and one study each with patients suffering from central neuropathic pain, autistic disorder, and attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. The best outcomes were obtained after 20 sessions of high-frequency dTMS with OCD patients, where, in addition to clinical improvement, patients showed amelioration of cognitive functions, specifically in cognitive control domains. The studies on patients with depression appear to show inconsistent results, from cognitive improvement in open-label studies to no improvement versus sham dTMS in controlled trials. Experimental research in healthy volunteers suggests an influence of dTMS on memory and self-agency, and also contain contradictory results. Most studies did not demonstrate a significant improvement in cognitive functioning. However, randomized sham-controlled trials with larger groups of medication-free patients and inclusion of functional imaging or electrophysiological recording connected with dTMS application are necessary for more detailed and confident conclusions concerning the effect of dTMS on cognitive functions.
Improved Pre-attentive Processing With Occipital rTMS Treatment in Major Depressive Disorder Patients Revealed by MMN$$$ Objectives: To investigate the improvement effect of occipital repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with escitalopram oxalate tablets on pre-attentive processing in patients with first-episode, medication-naive depression. Methods: Patients who were hospitalized between January and December 2019 were selected. They were randomly allocated to real occipital rTMS stimulation group with 27 cases receiving intermittent theta-burst (iTBS) and sham stimulation group with 24 cases over 20 days. The rTMS treatment target is located at the Oz point of the occipital region. Both groups took escitalopram oxalate tablets, and the average daily drug dose was 15.294 ± 5.041 mg. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) was used to assess the symptoms of depression before and after treatment, and mismatch negativity (MMN) was used to assess the improvement of pre-attentive processing before and after treatment. Results: After 20 days of treatment, the total score of HAMD (13.495 ± 3.700) in both groups was significantly lower than that before treatment [21.910 ± 3.841, F(1, 49) = 46, 3.690, p < 0.001]. After treatment, the latency of MMN in the real stimulation group (182.204 ± 31.878 ms) was significantly lower than that in the sham stimulation group (219.896 ± 42.634 ms, p < 0.001), and the amplitude of MMN in the real stimulation group (−7.107 ± 3.374 ms) was significantly higher than that in the sham stimulation group (−2.773 ± 3.7 32 ms, p < 0.001). Conclusion: Occipital rTMS treatment can enhance the early therapeutic effect and effectively improve the pre-attentive processing of patients with depression and provide a scientific basis for the new target of rTMS therapy in clinical patients with depression.
A Systematic Review of Long-Interval Intracortical Inhibition as a Biomarker in Neuropsychiatric Disorders$$$ Long-interval intracortical inhibition (LICI) is a paired-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) paradigm mediated in part by gamma-aminobutyric acid receptor B (GABAB) inhibition. Prior work has examined LICI as a putative biomarker in an array of neuropsychiatric disorders. This review conducted in accordance with the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) sought to examine existing literature focused on LICI as a biomarker in neuropsychiatric disorders. There were 113 articles that met the inclusion criteria. Existing literature suggests that LICI may have utility as a biomarker of GABAB functioning but more research with increased methodologic rigor is needed. The extant LICI literature has heterogenous methodology and inconsistencies in findings. Existing findings to date are also non-specific to disease. Future research should carefully consider existing methodological weaknesses and implement high-quality test-retest reliability studies.
Effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation on the neural processing of emotional stimuli in healthy volunteers$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation that has shown to be effective in treatment-resistant depression. Through studying the effect of iTBS on healthy subjects, we wished to attain a greater understanding of its impact on the brain. Our objective was to assess whether 10 iTBS sessions altered the neural processing of emotional stimuli, mood and brain anatomy in healthy subjects. Methods: In this double-blind randomized sham-controlled study, 30 subjects received either active iTBS treatment (10 sessions, two sessions a day) or sham treatment over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Assessments of mood, structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and functional MRI (fMRI) were performed before and after iTBS sessions. During the fMRI, three different categories of stimuli were presented: positive, negative and neutral photographs. Results: This study showed that, during the presentation of negative stimuli (compared with neutral stimuli), 10 sessions of iTBS increased activity in the left anterior insula. However, iTBS did not induce any change in mood, regional gray matter volume or cortical thickness. Conclusions: iTBS modifies healthy subjects’ brain activity in a key region that processes emotional stimuli. (AFSSAPS: ID-RCB 2010A01032-37).
Feasibility and effect of electroacupuncture on cognitive function domains in patients with mild cognitive impairment: A pilot exploratory randomized controlled trial$$$ Although Electroacupuncture (EA) has been reported to be potentially effective for cognitive disorders, there is limited information about which domains of cognitive function can be im-proved by EA treatment. Sixty patients with MCI were randomly assigned (1:1:1) to groups to re-ceive 24 sessions over 12 weeks of EA, sham EA, or usual care. In the EA group, electric stimulation was applied at bilateral PC6 and HT7. Various cognitive tests included in the Seoul Neuropsycho-logical Screening Battery II (SNSB-II) were performed at baseline and post-treatment to explore effects of EA on five cognitive domains: attention, language, visuospatial function, memory, and frontal/executive function. Among 60 randomized participants (63.7 ± 7.1 years, 89.7% females), 45 (75%) completed the study. Of the five cognitive function domains of SNSB-II, the T score of visuospatial function showed a tendency to be higher in the EA group than in the usual care group at post-treatment assessment (mean difference: 10.16 (95% CI, 1.14, 19.18), Cohen’s d = 0.72, p = 0.0283). According to the results of this pilot study, the estimated effect size of EA on the visuospa-tial function of MCI patients compared to usual care was medium. Large-scale clinical trials are needed to confirm effects of EA on cognitive functions.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for cognitive impairment in alzheimer’s disease and its impact on self-rated quality of life and caregiver’s burden$$$ Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is associated with progressive memory loss and decline in executive functions, as well as neuropsychiatric symptoms. Patients usually consider quality of life (QoL) and mood as more important for their health status than disease-specific physical and mental symptoms. In this open-label uncontrolled trial, 12 subjects diagnosed with AD underwent 10 sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (10 Hz, 20 min, 2000 pulses/day, 110% MT). Outcomes were measured before and 30 days after treatment. Our primary objective was to test the efficacy of rTMS as an add-on treatment for AD on the global cognitive function, assessed through the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and the Mattis Dementia Rating Scale (MDRS). As secondary objectives, the detailed effect on cognitive functions, depression and anxiety symptoms, QoL, and functionality in daily life activities were evaluated, as well as correlations between QoL and cognition, depression and anxiety scores. The treatment significantly enhanced semantic memory and reduced anxiety. Improvement of these features in AD could become an important target for treatment strategies. Although limited by its design, this trial may contribute with another perspective on the analysis and the impact of rTMS on AD.
Impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (Rtms) on theory of mind and executive function in major depressive disorder and its correlation with brain-derived neurotrophic factor (bdnf): A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Studies have implicated hypofrontality in the pathogenesis of impaired theory of mind (ToM) and executive function (EF) in major depressive disorder (MDD). These symptoms are usually resistant to treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to reverse hypofrontality. Moreover, BDNF is an effective biomarker of antidepressant effects, but there have been very few studies on the correlation between BDNF and rTMS. We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of 20 sessions of a 10 Hz unilateral rTMS intervention over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in improving ToM and EF in patients with MDD and its correlation with BDNF. Methods: A total of 120 MDD patients were enrolled in this randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind trial. Each participant received 20 sessions of rTMS at 10 Hz frequency through the active or the sham coil over 4 weeks. ToM was assessed with the facial emotion identification test (FEIT) and hinting task (HT). EF was assessed with the Wisconsin card sorting test (WCST). BDNF assessments were carried out at baseline and 2-, 4-, 12-, and 24-week follow-ups. Results: The improvement in the ToM (FEIT, HT) in the active rTMS group was significantly different from that in the sham rTMS group (F = 18.09, p < 0.001; F = 5.02, p = 0.026). There were significant differences in the WCST (categories completed, response errors, response perseverative errors, non-response perseverative errors) after logarithmic transformation at different time points in the active rTMS group (F = 14.71, p < 0.001; F = 5.99, p = 0.046; F = 8.90, p = 0.031; F = 2.31, p = 0.048). However, there was no significant difference in log transformed BDNF concentration between the two groups (t = 0.07 to t = 1.29, p > 0.05). BDNF was negatively correlated with WCST categories completed at the 24th week (r = −0.258, p = 0.046). Conclusions: The results show that rTMS may improve the ToM and EF of patients with MDD and there was no significant correlation with serum BDNF concentration. RTMS can not only be used for treatment of patients with MDD but also has a positive effect on ToM and EF.
Foam rolling elicits neuronal relaxation patterns distinct from manual massage: A randomized controlled trial$$$ The present double-blinded, randomized controlled study sought to compare the effects of a full-body manual massage (MM) and a foam rolling (FR) intervention on subjective and objective indexes of performance and well-being. A total of 65 healthy individuals were randomly allocated to an FR, MM, or a control group who received a cognitively oriented relaxation routine. Self-report ratings of perceived anxiety, muscle relaxation, and muscle pain were used to index changes in affect and physical sensations. The sit-and-reach and toe-touch tests, as well as a mental calculation task, were used to index motor and cognitive performances, respectively. We also conducted resting-state electroencephalography and continuous skin conductance recordings before and after the experimental intervention. Both FR and MM groups exhibited neural synchronization of alpha and beta oscillations during the posttest. Skin conductance increased from the pretest to the posttest in the relaxation group, but decreased in the FR group. All interventions improved range of motion, although only the MM group outperformed the relaxation group for the toe-touch performance. MM was associated with reduced muscle pain and increased muscle relaxation. Reduced perceived anxiety after the intervention was observed in the FR group only. Overall, MM and FR both improved objective and subjective indexes of performance and well-being. Differences between the two massage interventions are discussed in relation to the effects of pressure stimulation on autonomic regulations and the proactive vs. retroactive nature of FR, compared to MM.
In-vivo imaging of targeting and modulation of depression-relevant circuitry by transcranial direct current stimulation: a randomized clinical trial$$$ Recent clinical trials of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in depression have shown contrasting results. Consequently, we used in-vivo neuroimaging to confirm targeting and modulation of depression-relevant neural circuitry by tDCS. Depressed participants (N = 66, Baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) 17-item scores ≥14 and <24) were randomized into Active/Sham and High-definition (HD)/Conventional (Conv) tDCS groups using a double-blind, parallel design, and received tDCS individually targeted at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). In accordance with Ampere’s Law, tDCS currents were hypothesized to induce magnetic fields at the stimulation-target, measured in real-time using dual-echo echo-planar-imaging (DE-EPI) MRI. Additionally, the tDCS treatment trial (consisting of 12 daily 20-min sessions) was hypothesized to induce cerebral blood flow (CBF) changes post-treatment at the DLPFC target and in the reciprocally connected anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), measured using pseudo-continuous arterial spin labeling (pCASL) MRI. Significant tDCS current-induced magnetic fields were observed at the left DLPFC target for both active stimulation montages (Brodmann’s area (BA) 46: pHD = 0.048, Cohen’s dHD = 0.73; pConv = 0.018, dConv = 0.86; BA 9: pHD = 0.011, dHD = 0.92; pConv = 0.022, dConv = 0.83). Significant longitudinal CBF increases were observed (a) at the left DLPFC stimulation-target for both active montages (pHD = 3.5E−3, dHD = 0.98; pConv = 2.8E−3, dConv = 1.08), and (b) at ACC for the HD-montage only (pHD = 2.4E−3, dHD = 1.06; pConv = 0.075, dConv = 0.64). These results confirm that tDCS-treatment (a) engages the stimulation-target, and (b) modulates depression-relevant neural circuitry in depressed participants, with stronger network-modulations induced by the HD-montage. Although not primary outcomes, active HD-tDCS showed significant improvements of anhedonia relative to sham, though HDRS scores did not differ significantly between montages post-treatment.
Effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on implicit motor learning and language-related brain function: An fMRI study$$$ Aim: Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is known as a useful application for improving depressive symptoms or cognitive performance. Antidepressive effects by anodal tDCS over the left DLPFC are expected, but the neural mechanisms of these effects are still unclear. Further, in depression, reduced performance and left prefrontal hypofunction during the verbal fluency task (VFT) are generally known. However, few studies have examined the effect of tDCS on the language-related cerebral network. We aimed to investigate whether anodal tDCS at the left DLPFC affects cognitive performance and the neural basis of verbal fluency. Methods: Nineteen healthy volunteers participated in this study. The effects of tDCS on cognitive behavior and cerebral function were evaluated by (i) performance and accuracy of implicit/explicit motor learning task (serial reaction time task/sequential finger-tapping task), and (ii) cerebral activation while the subjects were performing the VFT by using a functional MRI protocol of a randomized sham-controlled, within-subjects crossover design. Results: Reaction times of the implicit motor learning task were significantly faster with tDCS in comparison with the sham. Further, language-related left prefrontal-parahippocampal-parietal activation was significantly less with tDCS compared with the sham. Significant correlation was observed between shortened response time in serial reaction time task and decreased cerebral activation during VFT with tDCS. Conclusion: Anodal tDCS over the left DLPFC could improve cognitive behavior of implicit motor learning by improving brain function of the frontoparietal-parahippocampal region related to motor learning, as well as language-related regions.
Strategies to Prolong Ketamine’s Efficacy in Adults with Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Introduction: Ketamine treatment is capable of significant and rapid symptom improvement in adults with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). A limitation of ketamine treatment in TRD is the relatively short duration of time to relapse (e.g., median 2–4 weeks). The objective of the systematic review herein is to identify strategies capable of prolonging the acute efficacy of ketamine in adults with TRD. Methods: PubMed/MEDLINE databases were searched from inception to December 2020 for clinical studies written in English using the following key terms: ketamine, prolong, and depression. A total of 454 articles were identified from the literature search which included all clinical studies regarding prolonging the antidepressant effects of ketamine. Twenty-two articles were included: ten randomized controlled trials (RCTs), eight prospective open-label trials, one retrospective chart review, and three case reports. The Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines were used for data extraction. The primary outcome was prolonged effect, defined as statistically significant antidepressant effects following acute ketamine treatment. Results: A total of 454 articles were identified, and 22 articles were included. Different treatment modalites including pharmacological interventions, manualized-based psychotherapies, electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and intravenous monotherapy were examined to determine their impact on the prolongation of antidepressant effects following acute ketamine treatment. No treatment modality, other than repeat-dose IV ketamine, has demonstrated ability to significantly prolong the acute efficacy of IV ketamine in TRD. Conclusion: Hitherto, available open-label data and controlled trial data support repeat administration of IV ketamine as an effective strategy to prolong the efficacy of ketamine’s antidepressant effects (although not the focus of the study herein, maintenance repeat-dose esketamine treatment is proven effective in esketamine responders). There is a need to identify multimodality strategies that are safe and capable of prolonging the efficacy of ketamine in adults with TRD.
The promise of machine learning in predicting treatment outcomes in psychiatry$$$ For many years, psychiatrists have tried to understand factors involved in response to medications or psychotherapies, in order to personalize their treatment choices. There is now a broad and growing interest in the idea that we can develop models to personalize treatment decisions using new statistical approaches from the field of machine learning and applying them to larger volumes of data. In this pursuit, there has been a paradigm shift away from experimental studies to confirm or refute specific hypotheses towards a focus on the overall explanatory power of a predictive model when tested on new, unseen datasets. In this paper, we review key studies using machine learning to predict treatment outcomes in psychiatry, ranging from medications and psychotherapies to digital interventions and neurobiological treatments. Next, we focus on some new sources of data that are being used for the development of predictive models based on machine learning, such as electronic health records, smartphone and social media data, and on the potential utility of data from genetics, electrophysiology, neuroimaging and cognitive testing. Finally, we discuss how far the field has come towards implementing prediction tools in real-world clinical practice. Relatively few retrospective studies to-date include appropriate external validation procedures, and there are even fewer prospective studies testing the clinical feasibility and effectiveness of predictive models. Applications of machine learning in psychiatry face some of the same ethical challenges posed by these techniques in other areas of medicine or computer science, which we discuss here. In short, machine learning is a nascent but important approach to improve the effectiveness of mental health care, and several prospective clinical studies suggest that it may be working already.
Efficacy and acceptability of pharmacological, psychosocial, and brain stimulation interventions in children and adolescents with mental disorders: an umbrella review$$$ Top-tier evidence on the safety/tolerability of 80 medications in children/adolescents with mental disorders has recently been reviewed in this jour­nal. To guide clinical practice, such data must be combined with evidence on efficacy and acceptability. Besides medications, psychosocial inter­ventions and brain stimulation techniques are treatment options for children/adolescents with mental disorders. For this umbrella review, we systematically searched network meta-analyses (NMAs) and meta-analyses (MAs) of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating 48 medications, 20 psychosocial interventions, and four brain stimulation techniques in children/adolescents with 52 different mental disorders or groups of mental disorders, reporting on 20 different efficacy/acceptability outcomes. Co-primary outcomes were disease-specific symptom reduction and all-cause discontinuation (“acceptability”). We included 14 NMAs and 90 MAs, reporting on 15 mental disorders or groups of mental disorders. Overall, 21 medications outperformed placebo regarding the co-primary outcomes, and three psychosocial interventions did so (while seven outperformed waiting list/no treatment). Based on the meta-analytic evidence, the most convincing efficacy profile emerged for amphetamines, methylphenidate and, to a smaller extent, behavioral therapy in attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder; aripiprazole, risperidone and several psychosocial interventions in autism; risperidone and behavioral interventions in disruptive behavior disorders; several antipsychotics in schizophrenia spectrum disorders; fluoxetine, the combination of fluoxetine and cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), and interpersonal therapy in depression; aripiprazole in mania; fluoxetine and group CBT in anxiety disorders; fluoxetine/selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, CBT, and behavioral therapy with exposure and response prevention in obsessive-compulsive disorder; CBT in post-traumatic stress disorder; imipramine and alarm behavioral intervention in enuresis; behavioral therapy in encopresis; and family therapy in anorexia nervosa. Results from this umbrella review of interventions for mental disorders in children/adolescents provide evidence-based information for clinical decision making.
Advances in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for posttraumatic stress disorder: A systematic review$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) has gained interest over the past two decades. However, it has yet to be recommended in major treatment guidelines. We conducted a systematic review of randomized controlled trials to examine the efficacy of rTMS for PTSD. Thirteen studies with 549 participants were included in this review. We compared the effects of (1) rTMS versus sham, and (2) high-frequency (HF) versus low-frequency (LF) rTMS, on posttreatment PTSD scores and other secondary outcomes. We calculated the standardized mean differences (SMD) to determine the direction of effects, and unstandardized mean differences to estimate the magnitude of efficacy. At post-treatment, rTMS was superior to sham comparison in reducing PTSD (SMD = −1.13, 95% CI: −2.10 to −0.15) and depression severity (SMD = −0.83, 95% CI: −1.30 to −0.36). The quality of evidence, however, was rated very low due to small samples sizes, treatment heterogeneity, inconsistent results, and an imprecise pooled effect. HF rTMS was associated with slightly improved, albeit imprecise, outcomes compared to LF rTMS on PTSD (SMD = −0.19, 95% CI: −1.39 to 1.00) and depression (SMD = −1.09, 95% CI: −1.65 to −0.52) severity. Further research is required to advance the evidence on this treatment.
Reduce depression and anxiety in methadone users with transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ Background: Research shows that transcranial direct current stimulation is effective in reducing depression and anxiety. Objectives: This research is aimed at reducing depression and anxiety in methadone users with transcranial direct current stimulation. Methods: This study is a randomized clinical trial with a pretest-posttest. The sample of this study was 60 methadone users who had severe depression and anxiety. Participants were allocated to two experimental (n = 30) and control groups (n = 30). The two regions, F3 (cathode) and F4 (anode) were stimulated with a current of 2 mA for 20 minutes in 10 sessions. Participants were assessed before and after stimulation with Beck’s depression inventory and Berger’s anxiety test. Results: Data analysis showed that tDCS reduced the symptoms of depression and anxiety in methadone users (P < 0.01). Conclusions: It seems that the method of tDCS can reduce the severity of symptoms of depression and anxiety. Therefore, it can be claimed that this intervention can be considered by experts as a complementary intervention along with other psychological and pharmacological treatments.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation as a translational biomarker for AMPA receptor modulation$$$ TAK-653 is a novel α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid receptor (AMPAR)-positive allosteric modulator being developed as a potential therapeutic for major depressive disorder (MDD). Currently, there are no translational biomarkers that evaluate physiological responses to the activation of glutamatergic brain circuits available. Here, we tested whether noninvasive neurostimulation, specifically single-pulse or paired-pulse motor cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation (spTMS and ppTMS, respectively), coupled with measures of evoked motor response captures the pharmacodynamic effects of TAK-653 in rats and healthy humans. In the rat study, five escalating TAK-653 doses (0.1–50 mg/kg) or vehicle were administered to 31 adult male rats, while measures of cortical excitability were obtained by spTMS coupled with mechanomyography. Twenty additional rats were used to measure brain and plasma TAK-653 concentrations. The human study was conducted in 24 healthy volunteers (23 males, 1 female) to assess the impact on cortical excitability of 0.5 and 6 mg TAK-653 compared with placebo, measured by spTMS and ppTMS coupled with electromyography in a double-blind crossover design. Plasma TAK-653 levels were also measured. TAK-653 increased both the mechanomyographic response to spTMS in rats and the amplitude of motor-evoked potentials in humans at doses yielding similar plasma concentrations. TAK-653 did not affect resting motor threshold or paired-pulse responses in humans. This is the first report of a translational functional biomarker for AMPA receptor potentiation and indicates that TMS may be a useful translational platform to assess the pharmacodynamic profile of glutamate receptor modulators.
Theta burst stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) may be refractory to or have contraindications that preclude treatment with antidepressant pharmacotherapies. Alternative therapies such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) continue to evolve, and include theta burst stimulation (TBS), which has advantages over conventional rTMS. The aim of this study was to identify and meta-analyze efficacy data from all randomized controlled trials (RCTs) investigating TBS as a treatment for MDD. Published reports of RCTs (January 1, 2010 to October 23, 2020) were identified via systematic searches in computerized databases, followed by review of individual reports for inclusion. Inclusion criteria included primary diagnosis of MDD ≥ 1 week duration of therapy with ≥10 sessions, and treatment with any form of TBS. The Cochrane GRADE methodology and PRISMA criteria were used for evaluation of individual trials. Data from ten RCTs were included, representing 667 patients. Of these, 8 RCTs compared TBS to sham treatment and one compared TBS to standard rTMS (i.e., high frequency stimulation over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex [HFL]). Quality of evidence assessment yielded high confidence in the finding of TBS being superior to sham on response measured by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HRSD) (RR = 2.4; 95% CI: 1.27 to 4.55; P = 0.007; I2 = 40%). Comparison of HRSD response rates for TBS versus rTMS produced no statistically significant difference (RR = 1.02; 95% CI: 0.85 to 1.23; P = 0.80; I2 = 0%). The incidence of adverse events between TBS and rTMS was not statistically different. The findings of a positive effect of TBS vs. sham, and noninferiority of TBS vs. standard HFL rTMS support the continued development of TBS to treat depression.
A systematic review of the association between perinatal depression and cognitive development in infancy in low and middleincome countries$$$ The association between perinatal depression and infant cognitive development has been well documented in research based in high-income contexts, but the literature regarding the same relationship in low and middle-income countries (LMICs) is less developed. The aim of this study is to systematically review what is known in this area in order to inform priorities for early intervention and future research in LMICs. The review protocol was pre-registered on Prospero (CRD42018108589) and relevant electronic databases were searched using a consistent set of keywords and 1473 articles were screened against the eligibility criteria. Sixteen articles were included in the review, seven focusing on the antenatal period, eight on the postnatal period, and one which included both. Five out of eight studies found a significant association between antenatal depression (d = .21-.93) and infant cognitive development, while four out of nine studies found a significant association with postnatal depression (d = .17-.47). Although the evidence suggests that LMICs should prioritise antenatal mental health care, many of the studies did not adequately isolate the effects of depression in each period. Furthermore, very few studies explored more complex interactions that may exist between perinatal depression and other relevant factors. More high-quality studies are needed in LMIC settings, driven by current theory, that test main effects and examine moderating or mediating pathways to cognitive development.
Effectiveness and acceptance of technology-based psychological interventions for the acute treatment of unipolar depression: Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Evidence on technology-based psychological interventions (TBIs) for the acute treatment of depression is rapidly growing. Despite extensive research in this field, there is a lack of research determining effectiveness and acceptance of TBIs considering different application formats in people with a formally diagnosed depressive disorder. Objective: The goal of the review was to investigate the effectiveness and acceptance of TBIs in people with diagnosed depression with particular focus on application formats (stand-alone interventions, blended treatments, collaborative and/or stepped care interventions). Methods: Studies investigating adults with diagnosed unipolar depressive disorders receiving any kind of psychotherapeutic treatment delivered (at least partly) by a technical medium and conducted as randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were eligible for inclusion. We searched CENTRAL (Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials; August 2020), MEDLINE, PsycINFO, PSYNDEX, CINAHL (January 2018), clinical trial registers, and sources of grey literature (January 2019). Two independent authors decided about study inclusion and extracted data. We performed random effects meta-analyses to synthesize the data. Results: Database searches resulted in 15,546 records of which 78 completed studies were included. TBIs delivered as stand-alone interventions showed positive effects on posttreatment depression severity when compared to treatment as usual (SMD -0.44, 95% CI -0.73 to -0.15, k=10; I2=86%), attention placebo (SMD -0.51, 95% CI -0.73 to -0.30; k=12; I2=66%), and waitlist controls (SMD -1.01, 95% CI -1.23 to -0.79; k=19; I2=73%). Superior long-term effects on depression severity were shown when TBIs were compared to treatment as usual (SMD -0.24, 95% CI -0.41 to -0.07; k=6; I2=48%) attention placebo (SMD -0.23, 95% CI -0.40 to -0.07; k=7; I2=21%) and waitlist controls (SMD -0.74, 95% CI -1.31 to -0.18; k=3; I2=79%). TBIs delivered as blended treatments (providing a TBI as an add-on to face-to-face treatment) yielded beneficial effects on posttreatment depression severity (SMD -0.27, 95% CI -0.48 to -0.05; k=8; I2=53%) compared to face-to-face treatments only. Additionally, TBIs delivered within collaborative care trials were more effective in reducing posttreatment (SMD -0.20, 95% CI -0.36 to -0.04; k=2; I2=0%) and long-term (SMD -0.23, 95% CI -0.39 to -0.07; k=2; I2=0%) depression severity than usual care. Dropout rates did not differ between the intervention and control groups in any comparison (all P≥.09). Conclusions: We found that TBIs are effective not only when delivered as stand-alone interventions but also when they are delivered as blended treatments or in collaborative care trials for people with diagnosed depression. Our results may be useful to inform routine care, since we focused specifically on different application formats, formally diagnosed patients, and the long-term effectiveness of TBIs.
The Relationship Between Corticomotor Reorganization and Acute Pain Severity: A Randomized, Controlled Study Using Rapid Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Mapping$$$ Objective: Although acute pain has been shown to reduce corticomotor excitability, it remains unknown whether this response resolves over time or is related to symptom severity. Furthermore, acute pain research has relied upon data acquired from the cranial "hotspot,"which do not provide valuable information regarding reorganization, such as changes to the distribution of a painful muscle's representation within M1. Using a novel, rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) mapping method, this study aimed to 1) explore the temporal profile and variability of corticomotor reorganization in response to acute pain and 2) determine whether individual patterns of corticomotor reorganization are associated with differences in pain, sensitivity, and somatosensory organization. Methods: Corticomotor (TMS maps), pain processing (pain intensity, pressure pain thresholds), and somatosensory (two-point discrimination, two-point estimation) outcomes were taken at baseline, immediately after injection (hypertonic [n = 20] or isotonic saline [n = 20]), and at pain resolution. Follow-up measures were recorded every 15 minutes until 90 minutes after injection. Results: Corticomotor reorganization persisted at least 90 minutes after pain resolution. Corticomotor depression was associated with lower pain intensity than was corticomotor facilitation (r = 0.47 [P = 0.04]). These effects were not related to somatosensory reorganization or peripheral sensitization mechanisms. Conclusions: Individual patterns of corticomotor reorganization during acute pain appear to be related to symptom severity, with early corticomotor depression possibly reflecting a protective response. These findings hold important implications for the management and potential prevention of pain chronicity. However, further research is required to determine whether these adaptations relate to long-term outcomes in clinical populations.
Concurrent treatment of ptsd and sud using prolonged exposure: Effectiveness for veterans exposed to military sexual trauma$$$ Purpose: Military sexual trauma (MST) is associated with increased risk of co-occurring posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and substance use disorder (SUD) among Veterans. Interventions that address both PTSD and SUD have been developed; however, it is unclear whether these treatments are efficacious for Veterans who have experienced MST. The current study examined severity of MST exposure as a predictor of treatment outcomes among a primarily male sample of U.S. military Veterans who received integrated, trauma-focused treatment for PTSD and SUD or cognitive behavioral treatment for SUD. Method: A secondary analysis was performed using data from a randomized controlled trial (RCT) that tested the efficacy of Concurrent Treatment of PTSD and Substance Use Disorders using Prolonged Exposure (COPE) compared to Relapse Prevention (RP). Data: Data from 81 Veterans (90.1% male) randomized to receive COPE or RP were analyzed using mixed models to determine whether severity of MST exposure impacted changes in PTSD symptom severity, percent days using substances, and depressive symptom severity, while accounting for treatment condition. Results: Findings revealed that 38.9% of Veterans reported a history of MST. Models initially examined whether there was an effect of MST by treatment condition; this was null for all models and was subsequently excluded to yield more parsimonious models. MST severity was not a predictor of treatment outcome in any of the models, suggesting a similar treatment response among those with varying levels of MST exposure in both treatment conditions. Conclusions: Veterans with co-occurring PTSD and SUD who have been exposed to a range of MST experiences may benefit from integrated, trauma-focused treatments, such as COPE, and treatment focused on substance use.
Effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation on cognitive functioning and hippocampal volumes in bipolar depression$$$ Neuromodulation therapies such as Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), which were initially developed to treat mood and other psychiatric symptoms, also have the potential to treat neurocognitive symptoms in mood disorders. In this presentation, we describe a secondary analysis of cognitive outcome and hippocampal volume data in a pilot trial aimed at treating depressive symptoms in patients with bipolar depression using a briefer variant of rTMS, intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS). In a two-site double-blind randomized sham controlled trial, 16 patients received active iTBS delivered to the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPF) and 15 patients received sham stimulation across a 4-week period. The primary Cognitive outcome was a composite cognitive score derived from performance on verbal memory, nonverbal memory, attention, working memory, processing speed, and executive function neuropsychological tasks. Left, right, and total hippocampal volumes were derived from T1 weighted MRI scans using the longitudinal ComBat method to harmonize imaging data across both sites. Although no significant cognitive improvements in the composite cognitive score or individual cognitive test scores were observed in the active relative to the placebo group, there was a trend for increased left hippocampal volume in the active relative to the placebo group. Moreover, left hippocampal volume increases were associated with improvements in nonverbal memory in the active patient group. Although very preliminary, these findings illustrate how neurostimulation procedures such as iTBS may have an impact on medial temporal structural brain changes, which in turn may have a beneficial effect on memory functioning.
Long-Term Symptom Relief in Severe Treatment-Resistant Depression Using Subcallosal Cingulate DBS$$$ Introduction: Major depressive disorder affects 17% of Americans over their lifetime. Depression is associated with a 20-fold increase in suicide risk, suggesting that many of the 47,000 suicides each year in the U.S. and 800,000 worldwide may be preventable with improved depression treatment. Electroconvulsive therapy can be effective for drug-resistant patients, but relapse is common and side effects may hinder continued use. Initial open-label studies demonstrated positive results from DBS in the subcallosal cingulate, but a randomized controlled trial (BROADEN) comparing active to sham DBS for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) at 6 months was halted by the sponsor after a futility analysis. Despite promising experiences of single-center studies, there is a need for long-term effectiveness data from larger study cohorts. Methods: The pooled analysis combines open-label follow-up data from BROADEN (N = 90), Toronto crossover study (N = 31), Emory (N = 21), depression pilot study (N = 21), and a European study (N = 9) that all had different initial experimental designs but used subcallosal cingulate DBS for TRD. Results are at 6-month intervals from 1-5 years after device activation in subjects with non-bipolar TRD. Based on change in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17), we report rates of response (≥50% reduction in HDRS-17) and remission (HDRS-17 score ≤ 7). Results: There were 172 subjects (48 ± 7 years, 58% female) in 5 independent studies who received subcallosal cingulate DBS for depression from 2005-2016. Length of illness averaged 26 years, including 8.1 years in the current major depressive episode. All subjects failed ≥4 adequate antidepressant trials, and 88% had previous electroconvulsive therapy. In BROADEN, subjects averaged 14 failed treatments in the current episode. HDRS-17 was 22.8 ± 4.3 at baseline, and decreased by 40% to 13.7 ± 7.7 at 12 months and 46% to 12.2 ± 7.2 at 24 months. At 12 months, 38% of subjects were responders, and 54% responded at 24 months. At least 50% of subjects were responders at each time point from 24 to 60 months. Remitter rate was 26% at 12 months and remained above one quarter at all subsequent time points. In 117 subjects with at least 2 years of data, 81% achieved response at least once within 5 years of follow-up and 61% experienced remission of depression symptoms. Suicide rate was 0.55 events per 100 patient-years. Conclusion: In subjects with depressive episodes averaging 8 years, at least 50% achieved ≥50% reduction in symptoms at each time point from 2 to 5 years. Open-label data suggest DBS can be a durable and effective treatment for severe chronic depression.
Transcranial electrical stimulation is safe and efficient in patients with systemic autoimmune myopathies$$$ Background: There is currently few information regarding rehabilitation in patients with systemic autoimmune myopathies (SAMs). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown promising results for the motor performance of healthy individuals as for patients with, e.g., post-stroke hemiparetic limbs. Objectives: The present study was aimed to assessing the safety and efficiency of tDCS in patients with SAMs. Methods: This study is a prospective, randomized, sham controlled, double blind, and clinical trial with ethical approval. Eighteen adult patients with dermatomyositis, polymyositis, antisynthetase syndrome or immune-mediated necrotizing myopathies in remission or with minimal disease activity were enrolled from 2018 to 2019. Patients were allocated randomly in two groups to receive sham or active tDCS with 2mA amplitude submitted for 20 minutes for three consecutive days. The 5x7cm sponge-electrodes were positioned with the anode over the left (C1) or right (C2) -contralateral to the dominant limb, whereas the cathode over the FP2 or FP3, respectively (10-10 EEG electrodes placement). The groups were evaluated in four moments: pre-stimulation, and 30 minutes, 3 weeks and 8 weeks post-tDCS. They were evaluated in the different moments with International Myositis Assessment and Clinical Studies Group set scores, Short-Form health survey (SF-36), state-trait anxiety inventory (STAI), Beck depression inventory (BDI), timed up-and-go test (TUG), time-stands test (TST), isokinetic extension and flexion testing of bilateral knee and elbow. A specific security questionnaire for tDCS was used after the active or sham stimulation in all patients. Results: The demographic data, kind of myositis, disease duration, and disease status (all with low disease activity) were comparable between both active and sham tDCS groups. After interventions, there was improvement of values of patient's VAS (P=0.042) and serum levels of creatine phosphokinase (P=0.005), independent of the group. Moreover, in active tDCS group, the physical aspects of SF-36 in week 8 (P<0.001), mean and better TST at each evaluation (P<0.001), absolute peak tork (P<0.001) and peak tork adjusted for body weight values (P<0.001) of stimulated inferior limb extension also improved. No differences were observed in the STAI, BDI, or TUG in both groups. The patients' adherence to the protocol was 100% and no adverse event was reported, including disease relapsing. Conclusion: This unprecedented study evidences the safety of tDCS, besides the potential efficiency in improving rehabilitation of tDCS in SAMs. More studies with a large samples and period of tDCS sessions are necessaries to corroborate with the present study.
Placebo response in treatment resistant depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of multiple treatment modalities$$$ Aims. The placebo response in depression clinical trials is a major contributing factor for failure to establish the efficacy of novel and repurposed treatments. However, it is not clear as to what the placebo response in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) patients is or whether it differs across treatment modalities. Our objective was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of the magnitude of the placebo response in TRD patients across different treatment modalities and its possible moderators. Method. Searches were conducted on MEDLINE and PsychInfo from inception to January 24, 2020. Only studies that recruited TRD patients and randomization to a placebo (or sham) arm in a pharmacotherapy, brain stimulation, or psychotherapy study were included (PROSPERO 2020 CRD42020190465). The primary outcome was the Hedges' g for the reported depression scale using a random-effects model. Secondary outcomes included moderators assessed via meta-regression and response and remission rate. Heterogeneity was evaluated using the Egger's Test and a funnel plot. Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool was used to estimate risks. Result. 46 studies met our inclusion criteria involving a total of 3083 participants (mean (SD) age: 45.7 (6.2); female: 52.4%). The pooled placebo effect for all modalities was large (N = 3083, g = 1.08 ,95% CI [0.95-1.20)I 2 = 0.1). The placebo effect in studies of specific treatment modalities did not significantly differ: oral medications g = 1.14 (95%CI:0.99-1.29); parenteral medications g = 1.32 (95%CI:0.59-2.04); ayahuasca g = 0.47 (95%CI:-0.28- 1.17); rTMS g = 0.93 (95%CI:0.63-1.23); tDCS g = 1.32 (95% CI:0.52-2.11); invasive brain stimulation g = 1.06 (95%CI:0.64- 1.47). There were no psychotherapy trials that met our eligibility criteria. Similarly, response and remission rates were comparable across modalities. Heterogeneity was large. Two variables predicted a lager placebo effect: open-label prospective design (B:0.32, 95%CI: 0.05-0.58; p:0.02) and sponsoring by a pharma- ceutical or medical device company (B:0.39, 95%CI:0.13-0.65, p:0.004)). No risk of publication bias was found. Conclusion. The overall placebo effect in TRD studies was large (g = 1.08) and did not differ among treatment modalities. A better understanding of the placebo response in TRD will require: standardizing the definition of TRD, head-to-head comparisons of treatment modalities, an assessment of patient expectations and experiences, and standardized reporting of outcomes.
Characterizing Cortical Oscillatory Responses in Major Depressive Disorder Before and After Convulsive Therapy: A TMS-EEG Study$$$ Background: Combined transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) is emerging as a powerful technique for interrogating neural circuit dysfunction in psychiatric disorders. Here, we utilized time-frequency analyses to characterize differences in neural oscillatory dynamics between subjects with major depressive disorder (MDD) and healthy controls (HC). We further examined changes in TMS-related oscillatory power following convulsive therapy. Methods: Oscillatory power was examined following TMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal and motor cortices (DLPFC and M1) in 38 MDD subjects, and 22 HCs. We further investigated how these responses changed in the MDD group following an acute course of convulsive therapy (either magnetic seizure therapy [MST, n = 24] or electroconvulsive therapy [ECT, n = 14]). Results: Prior to treatment, MDD subjects exhibited increased oscillatory power within delta, theta, and alpha frequency bands with TMS-EEG over the DLPFC, but showed no differences to HCs with stimulation over M1. Following MST, DLPFC stimulation revealed attenuated baseline-normalized power in the delta and theta bands, with reductions in the delta, theta, and alpha power following ECT. TMS over M1 revealed reduced delta and theta power following ECT, with no changes observed following MST. An association was also observed between the treatment- induced change in alpha power and depression severity score. Limitations: Limitations include the modest sample size, open-label MST and ECT treatment designs, and lack of a placebo condition. Conclusions: These results provide evidence of alterations in TMS-related oscillatory activity in MDD, and further suggest modulation of oscillatory power following ECT and MST.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of neuromodulation procedures in the treatment of treatment-resistant depression: a network meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Nearly half of the patients with depression experience suboptimal benefits from antidepressants. Neuromodulation therapies, a kind of technology that can regulate neuronal firing activity by electrical or magnetic stimulation, were introduced to improve this situation. However, the results from clinical trials have been inconsistent. Methods: We followed the extension of the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) statement to perform this network meta-analysis (NMA). The results were evaluated by relative risk (RR) for the response, remission, and discontinuation rates. Results: In total, 49 trials with 2,941 patients were included in this study. Bilateral theta burst stimulation (TBS, RR 5.00, 95% CI 1.11-22.44), priming transcranial magnetic stimulation (pTMS, RR 2.97, 95% CI 1.20-7.39), low-frequency right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) (LFR-rTMS, RR 2.62, 95% CI 1.56-4.39), high-frequency left repetitive TMS (HFL-rTMS, RR 2.18, 95% CI 1.52-3.13), and bilateral repetitive TMS (BL-rTMS, RR 3.08, 95% CI 1.78-5.31) were demonstrated to have higher response rates than sham control. BL-rTMS (RR 3.12, 95% CI 1.06-9.09) was found to have a higher response rate than deep brain stimulation in this NMA. All measures had the non-inferiority acceptability than the sham-control. BL-rTMS was more acceptable than bitemporal ECT (BT-ECT, RR 0.18, 95% CI 0.03-0.89), while pTMS was more acceptable than BT-ECT (RR 0.08, 95% CI 0.01-0.55), HFL-rTMS (RR 0.34, 95% CI 0.12-0.93), and deep TMS (RR 0.15, 95% CI 0.02-0.96). Conclusion: Besides electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), rTMS, priming TMS, and bilateral TBS proved effective for patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). BL-rTMS showed high efficacy and acceptability, and bilateral TBS had the potential to be the most efficacious neuromodulation measures.
Down and High: Reflections Regarding Depression and Cannabis$$$ In light of the recent changes in the legal status of cannabis in Canada, the understanding of the potential impact of the use of cannabis by individuals suffering from depression is increasingly considered as being important. It is fundamental that we look into the existing literature to examine the influence of cannabis on psychiatric conditions, including mood disorders. In this article, we will explore the relationship that exists between depression and cannabis. We will examine the impact of cannabis on the onset and course of depression, and its treatment. We have undertaken a wide-ranging review of the literature in order to address these questions. The evidence from longitudinal studies suggest that there is a bidirectional relationship between cannabis use and depression, such that cannabis use increases the risk for depression and vice-versa. This risk is possibly higher in heavy users having initiated their consumption in early adolescence. Clinical evidence also suggests that cannabis use is associated with a worse prognosis in individuals with major depressive disorder. The link with suicide remains controversial. Moreover, there is insufficient data to determine the impact of cannabis use on cognition in individuals with major depression disorder. Preliminary evidence suggesting that the endogenous cannabinoid system is involved in the pathophysiology of depression. This will need to be confirmed in future positron emission tomography studies. Randomized controlled trials are needed to investigate the potential efficacy of motivational interviewing and/or cognitive behavioral therapy for the treatment of cannabis use disorder in individuals with major depressive major disorder. Finally, although there is preclinical evidence suggesting that cannabidiol has antidepressant properties, randomized controlled trials will need to properly investigate this possibility in humans.
Pridopidine for the Improvement of Motor Function in Patients With Huntington's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Background: Huntington's disease (HD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder. Generally, it is characterized by deficits in cognition, behavior, and movement. Recent studies have shown that pridopidine is a potential and effective drug candidate for the treatment of HD. In the present study, we performed a meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy and safety of pridopidine in HD. Methods: The MEDLINE, EMBASE, CENTRAL, and Clinicaltrials.gov databases were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) which had that evaluated pridopidine therapy in HD patients. Results: We pooled data from 1,119 patients across four RCTs. Patients in the pridopidine group had a significantly lower Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale (UHDRS)-modified Motor Score (mMS) (MD −0.79, 95% CI = −1.46 to −0.11, p = 0.02) than those in the placebo group. Additionally, no differences were observed in the UHDRS-Total Motor Score (TMS) (MD −0.91. 95% CI = −2.03 to 0.21, p = 0.11) or adverse events (RR 1.06, 95% CI = 0.96 to 1.16, p = 0.24) in the pridopidine and placebo groups. In the subgroup analysis, the short-term (≤12 weeks) and long-term (>12 weeks) subgroups exhibited similar efficacy and safety with no statistical significance in TMS, mMS, or adverse events. However, TMS (MD −1.50, 95% CI = −2.87 to −0.12, p = 0.03) and mMS (MD −1.03, 95% CI = −1.87 to −0.19, p = 0.02) were observed to be improved significantly when the dosage of pridopidine ≥90 mg/day. Additionally, pridopidine (≥90 mg/day) increased total adverse events (RR 1.11, 95% CI = 1.00 to 1.22, p = 0.04) compared with placebo. On this basis, we analyzed the incidence of various adverse events when the dosage was ≥90 mg/day. Nonetheless, these results were within the acceptable threshold, although patients developed symptoms, such as nasopharyngitis and insomnia. Conclusion: Pridopidine improved mMS and had no statistical significance in association with TMS or adverse events. Pridopidine (≥90 mg/day) improved TMS and mMS but increased adverse events, such as nasopharyngitis and insomnia. More RCTs were expected to assess pridopidine in HD.
Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Increases GABA in the Medial Prefrontal Cortex: A Preliminary Sham-Controlled Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy Study in Acute Bipolar Depression$$$ Background: Magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) has been used to identify gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) alterations in mood disorders, particularly in the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) where decreased concentrations have been associated with anhedonia. In major depressive disorder (MDD), prior work suggests that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) increases mPFC GABA concentrations proportional to antidepressant response. To our knowledge, this has not been examined in acute bipolar depression. Methods: As part of a multicentre 4-week randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial using intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in individuals with acute bipolar depression, we quantified mPFC GABA and Glx (glutamate+glutamine) concentrations using a 3T MRS scan at baseline and after the intervention. Depressive symptoms were measured using the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HRDS-17), and anhedonia was measured using the Snaith-Hamilton Pleasure Scale (SHAPS). Results: The trial was terminated for futility and magnetic resonance spectroscopy data was acquired for 18 participants. At baseline, there were no associations between GABA or Glx concentrations and anhedonia, however GABA was negative correlated with depressive symptom severity on the HRDS-17. Compared to the sham-iTBS group, participants receiving active-iTBS had a significant increase in mPFC GABA concentrations. This was unrelated to antidepressant outcomes or improvements in anhedonia. Conclusion: Our data suggests that iTBS targeting the DLPFC is associated with physiological changes in the mPFC. In acute bipolar depression, our preliminary data suggests that mPFC GABA is dissociated from antidepressant iTBS treatment outcomes and anhedonia.
Neurophysiological Changes After Paired Brain and Spinal Cord Stimulation Coupled With Locomotor Training in Human Spinal Cord Injury$$$ Neurophysiological changes that involve activity-dependent neuroplasticity mechanisms via repeated stimulation and locomotor training are not commonly employed in research even though combination of interventions is a common clinical practice. In this randomized clinical trial, we established neurophysiological changes when transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the motor cortex was paired with transcutaneous thoracolumbar spinal (transspinal) stimulation in human spinal cord injury (SCI) delivered during locomotor training. We hypothesized that TMS delivered before transspinal (TMS-transspinal) stimulation promotes functional reorganization of spinal networks during stepping. In this protocol, TMS-induced corticospinal volleys arrive at the spinal cord at a sufficient time to interact with transspinal stimulation induced depolarization of alpha motoneurons over multiple spinal segments. We further hypothesized that TMS delivered after transspinal (transspinal-TMS) stimulation induces less pronounced effects. In this protocol, transspinal stimulation is delivered at time that allows transspinal stimulation induced action potentials to arrive at the motor cortex and affect descending motor volleys at the site of their origin. Fourteen individuals with motor incomplete and complete SCI participated in at least 25 sessions. Both stimulation protocols were delivered during the stance phase of the less impaired leg. Each training session consisted of 240 paired stimuli delivered over 10-min blocks. In transspinal-TMS, the left soleus H-reflex increased during the stance-phase and the right soleus H-reflex decreased at mid-swing. In TMS-transspinal no significant changes were found. When soleus H-reflexes were grouped based on the TMS-targeted limb, transspinal-TMS and locomotor training promoted H-reflex depression at swing phase, while TMS-transspinal and locomotor training resulted in facilitation of the soleus H-reflex at stance phase of the step cycle. Furthermore, both transspinal-TMS and TMS-transspinal paired-associative stimulation (PAS) and locomotor training promoted a more physiological modulation of motor activity and thus depolarization of motoneurons during assisted stepping. Our findings support that targeted non-invasive stimulation of corticospinal and spinal neuronal pathways coupled with locomotor training produce neurophysiological changes beneficial to stepping in humans with varying deficits of sensorimotor function after SCI.
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on the psychomotor, cognitive, and motor performances of power athletes$$$ In sports science, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has many unknown effects on neuromuscular, psychomotor and cognitive aspects. Particularly, its impact on power performances remains poorly investigated. Eighteen healthy young males, all trained in a jumping sport (parkour) performed three experimental sessions: anodal tDCS applied either on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC, cathode in supraorbital area) or on the primary motor cortex (M1, cathode on contralateral shoulder), and a placebo condition (SHAM), each applied for 20 min at 2 mA. Pre and post, maximal vertical and horizontal jumps were performed, associated to leg neuromuscular assessment through electromyography and peripheral nerve stimulations. Actual and imagined pointing tasks were also performed to evaluate fine motor skills, and a full battery of cognitive and psychomotor tests was administered. M1 tDCS improved jump performance accompanied by an increase in supraspinal and spinal excitabilities. dlPFC stimulation only impacted the pointing tasks. No effect on cognitive tests was found for any of the tDCS conditions. To conclude, the type of performance (maximal versus accurate) affected depended upon the tDCS montage. Finally, athletes responded well to tDCS for motor performance while results to cognitive tests seemed unaffected, at least when implemented with the present rationale.
Exploring Nonmotor Neuropsychiatric Manifestations of Parkinson Disease in a Comprehensive Care Setting$$$ Parkinson disease (PD) is a debilitating neurological condition that includes both motor symptoms and nonmotor symptoms (NMS). Psychiatric complaints comprise NMS and are collectively referred to as neuropsychiatric manifestations. Common findings include atypical depressive symptoms, anxiety, psychosis, impulse control disorder, deterioration of cognition, and sleep disturbances. Quality of life (QoL) of patients suffering from NMS is greatly impacted and many times can be more debilitating than motor symptoms of PD. We expand on knowledge gained from treatment models within a comprehensive care model that incorporates multidisciplinary specialists working alongside psychiatrists to treat PD. Insight into background, clinical presentations, and treatment options for patients suffering from neuropsychiatric manifestations of PD are discussed. Identifying symptoms early can help improve QoL, provide early symptom relief, and can assist tailoring treatment plans that limit neuropsychiatric manifestations.
Ontario health technology assessment series: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for people with treatment-resistant depression: A health technology assessment$$$ Background Major depression is one of the most diagnosed mental illnesses in Canada. Generally, people are treated successfully with antidepressants or psychotherapy, but some people do not respond to these treatments (called treatment-resistant depression [TRD]). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) delivers magnetic pulses to stimulate the areas of the brain associated with mood regulation. Several modalities of rTMS exist (e.g., high frequency rTMS, intermittent theta burst stimulation [iTBS], deep transcranial magnetic stimulation). We conducted a health technology assessment of rTMS for people with TRD, which included an evaluation of effectiveness, safety, cost-effectiveness, the budget impact of publicly funding rTMS, and patient preferences and values. Methods We performed a systematic literature search of the clinical evidence. We assessed the risk of bias of each included study using the Risk of Bias in Systematic Reviews (ROBIS) tool and Cochrane Risk of Bias for Randomized Controlled Trials and the quality of the body of evidence according to the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) Working Group criteria. We performed a systematic economic literature search and conducted a cost–utility analysis with a 3-year horizon from a public payer perspective. We also analyzed the 5-year budget impact of publicly funding rTMS for people with TRD in Ontario. To assess the potential value of rTMS, we spoke with people who have TRD. Seven rTMS modalities were considered: Lowfrequency (1 Hz) stimulation, high-frequency (10–20 Hz) stimulation, unilateral stimulation, bilateral stimulation, iTBS, continuous theta burst stimulation, and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation. Results We included 58 primary studies, 9 systematic reviews, and 1 network meta-analysis in the clinical evidence review. Most rTMS modalities were more effective than sham treatment for all outcomes (GRADE: Moderate to High). All rTMS modalities were similar to one another in response and remission rates (GRADE: Not reported) and were similar to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in response and remission rates (GRADE: Moderate). Moreover, in both the reference case and scenario analyses, two rTMS modalities (rTMS or iTBS), followed by ECT when patients did not respond to initial treatment, were less expensive and more effective than ECT alone. They were cost-effective compared with pharmacotherapy alone at a willingness-to-pay amount of $50,000 per quality-adjusted life-year (QALY). The annual budget impact of publicly funding rTMS would range from $9.3 million in year 1 to $15.76 million in year 5, for a total of $63.2 million over the next 5 years. People with TRD we spoke with reported that their experiences were generally favourable, and their attitudes toward rTMS were positive. Similarly, psychiatrists had positive attitudes toward and acceptance of rTMS. Our quantitative literature review on preferences revealed some gaps in psychiatrists’ knowledge of rTMS, which could have been influenced by their level of training on rTMS. Conclusions Most rTMS modalities are likely more effective than sham rTMS on all outcomes. All rTMS modalities are similar to ECT and to one another in response and remission rates. Compared with ECT alone, two rTMS modalities (highfrequency rTMS and iTBS), followed by ECT when necessary in a stepped care pathway, were less costly and more effective for managing adults with TRD. These types of rTMS (high-frequency rTMS and iTBS) were cost-effective compared with pharmacotherapy alone at a willingness-to-pay amount of $50,000 per QALY. Publicly funding rTMS (high-frequency rTMS and iTBS) for the treatment of adults with TRD in Ontario over the next 5 years would add $63.2 million in total costs. People with TRD had positive experiences and attitudes toward rTMS.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation of the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Alters Emotional Modulation of Spinal Nociception$$$ Emotion has a strong modulatory effect on pain perception and spinal nociception. Pleasure inhibits pain and nociception, whereas displeasure facilitates pain and nociception. Dysregulation of this system has been implicated in development and maintenance of chronic pain. The current study sought to examine whether emotional modulation of pain could be altered through the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to enhance (via anodal stimulation) or depress (via cathodal stimulation) cortical excitability in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Thirty-two participants (15 female, 17 male) received anodal, cathodal, and sham tDCS on three separate occasions, followed immediately by testing to examine the impact of pleasant and unpleasant images on pain and nociceptive flexion reflex (NFR) responses to electrocutaneous stimulation. Results indicated that tDCS modulated the effect of image content on NFR, F(2, 2175.06) = 3.20, P=.04, with the expected linear slope following anodal stimulation (ie, pleasant < neutral < unpleasant) but not cathodal stimulation. These findings provide novel evidence that the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is critical to emotional modulation of spinal nociception. Moreover, the results suggest a physiological basis for a previously identified phenotype associated with risk for chronic pain and thus a potentially new target for chronic pain prevention efforts. Perspective: This study demonstrated that reduction of dorsolateral prefrontal cortical excitability by transcranial direct current stimulation attenuates the impact of emotional image viewing on nociceptive reflex activity during painful electrocutaneous stimulation. This result confirms there is cortical involvement in emotional modulation of spinal nociception and opens avenues for future clinical research.
Speed of electroconvulsive therapy for depression: Effects of electrode placement$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a rapidly effective treatment for severe depression. Treatment with right unilateral (RUL) or bitemporal (BT) ECT may explain individual differences in speed of ECT effectiveness. There is limited evidence for demographic and clinical factors that predict speed of response and remission with ECT. We aimed to investigate differences in speed of improvement as well as achieving response and remission between twice-weekly brief-pulse high-dose (6 × seizure threshold) RUL ECT and moderate-dose (1.5 × seizure threshold) BT ECT. We also explored demographic and clinical characteristics that predict speed of response and remission. Methods: Weekly 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores were assessed among patients with severe depression who participated in the EFFECT-Dep trial (ISRCTN23577151). Speed of improvement in patients randomised to RUL ECT (n = 69) or BT ECT (n = 69) was compared using independent sample t tests. Pearson's chi-square and Fisher's exact tests compared proportions of responders and remitters at each weekly assessment. Predictors of speed of response and remission were explored using Cox regression analyses. Results: There were no significant differences between RUL and BT ECT in speed of improvement, response or remission. Exploratory analyses indicated that speed of response and remission were not predicted by a wide variety of demographic and clinical characteristics. Conclusion: ECT electrode placement did not have predictive value when determining speed of improvement, response and remission with ECT. Other clinical factors, such as cognitive side-effects, may be more relevant when making the clinical choice between RUL and BT ECT.
Electroconvulsive Therapy and Movement Disorders. New Perspectives on A Time-Tested Therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been a very well known therapy in Psychiatry for over 80 years. ECT is considered useful in treating acute mania, severe depression and other psychiatric conditions. Over time, this therapy has also been used in several movement disorders including Parkinson disease (PD) and Huntington disease (HD). In this brief review, I summarize the recent History and evolution of ECT, its proven and potential applications in movement disorders as well as its potential mechanisms.
A double-blind sham-controlled phase 1 clinical trial of tDCS of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in cocaine inpatients: Craving, sleepiness, and contemplation to change$$$ Impaired inhibitory control accompanied by enhanced salience attributed to drug-related cues, both associated with function of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), are hallmarks of drug addiction, contributing to worse symptomatology including craving. dlPFC modulation with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) previously showed craving reduction in inpatients with cocaine use disorder (CUD). Our study aimed at assessing feasibility of a longer tDCS protocol in CUD (15 versus the common five/10 sessions) and replicability of previous results. In a randomized double-blind sham-controlled protocol, 17 inpatients with CUD were assigned to either a real-tDCS (right anodal/left cathodal) or a sham-tDCS condition for 15 sessions. Following the previous report, primary outcome measures were self-reported craving, anxiety, depression, and quality of life. Secondary measures included sleepiness, readiness to change drug use, and affect. We also assessed cognitive function including impulsivity. An 88% retention rate demonstrated feasibility. Partially supporting the previous results, there was a trend for self-reported craving to decrease in the real-tDCS group more than the sham-group, an effect that would reach significance with 15 subjects per group. Quality of life and impulsivity improved over time in treatment in both groups. Daytime sleepiness and readiness to change drug use showed significant Group × Time interactions whereby improvements were noted only in the real-tDCS group. One-month follow-up suggested transient effects of tDCS on sleepiness and craving. These preliminary results suggest the need for including more subjects to show a unique effect of real-tDCS on craving and examine the duration of this effect. After replication in larger sample sizes, increased vigilance and motivation to change drug use in the real-tDCS group may suggest fortification of dlPFC-supported executive functions.
Treatment effect variability in brain stimulation across psychiatric disorders: A meta-analysis of variance$$$ Noninvasive brain stimulation methods such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are promising add-on treatments for a number of psychiatric conditions. Yet, some of the initial excitement is wearing off. Randomized controlled trials (RCT) have found inconsistent results. This inconsistency is suspected to be the consequence of variation in treatment effects and solvable by identifying responders in RCTs and individualizing treatment. However, is there enough evidence from RCTs that patients respond differently to treatment? This question can be addressed by comparing the variability in the active stimulation group with the variability in the sham group. We searched MEDLINE/PubMed and included all double-blinded, sham-controlled RCTs and crossover trials that used TMS or tDCS in adults with a unipolar or bipolar depression, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia spectrum disorder, or obsessive compulsive disorder. In accordance with the PRISMA guidelines to ensure data quality and validity, we extracted a measure of variability of the primary outcome. A total of 130 studies with 5748 patients were considered in the analysis. We calculated variance-weighted variability ratios for each comparison of active stimulation vs sham and entered them into a random-effects model. We hypothesized that treatment effect variability in TMS or tDCS would be reflected by increased variability after active compared with sham stimulation, or in other words, a variability ratio greater than one. Across diagnoses, we found only a minimal increase in variability after active stimulation compared with sham that did not reach statistical significance (variability ratio = 1.03; 95% CI, 0.97, 1.08, P = 0.358). In conclusion, this study found little evidence for treatment effect variability in brain stimulation, suggesting that the need for personalized or stratified medicine is still an open question.
Promises and pitfalls of deep neural networks in neuroimaging-based psychiatric research$$$ By promising more accurate diagnostics and individual treatment recommendations, deep neural networks and in particular convolutional neural networks have advanced to a powerful tool in medical imaging. Here, we first give an introduction into methodological key concepts and resulting methodological promises including representation and transfer learning, as well as modelling domain-specific priors. After reviewing recent applications within neuroimaging-based psychiatric research, such as the diagnosis of psychiatric diseases, delineation of disease subtypes, normative modeling, and the development of neuroimaging biomarkers, we discuss current challenges. This includes for example the difficulty of training models on small, heterogeneous and biased data sets, the lack of validity of clinical labels, algorithmic bias, and the influence of confounding variables.
Can seizure therapies and noninvasive brain stimulations prevent suicidality? A systematic review$$$ Background: Suicide is a major public health issue and the majority of those who attempt suicide suffer from mental disorders. Beyond psychopharmacotherapy, seizure therapies and noninvasive brain stimulation interventions have been used to treat such patients. However, the effect of these nonpharmacological treatments on the suicidal ideation and incidence of suicidality remains unclear. Here, we aimed to provide an update on the effects of seizure therapies and noninvasive brain stimulation on suicidality. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of the literature in the PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Elsevier ScienceDirect, and Wiley Online Library databases using the MeSH terms “Electroconvulsive Therapy”, “Magnetic Seizure Stimulation”, “repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation”, “transcranial Direct Current Stimulation”, “Cranial Electrostimulation” and “suicide”. We included studies using seizure therapies and noninvasive brain stimulation as a main intervention that evaluated suicidality, regardless of diagnosis. Results: Among 1,019 records screened, 26 studies met the inclusion criteria using either electroconvulsive therapy (n = 14), magnetic seizure therapy (n = 2), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (n = 9), or transcranial direct current stimulation (n = 1). We observed that studies reported significant results, suggesting these techniques can be effective on the suicidal dimension of mental health pathologies, but a general statement regarding their efficacy is premature due to limitations. Conclusions: Future enquiry is necessary to address methodological limitations and evaluate the long-term efficacy of these methods both alone and in combination with pharmacotherapy and/or psychotherapy.
Motor cortex transcranial direct current stimulation effects on knee osteoarthritis pain in elderly subjects with dysfunctional descending pain inhibitory system: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Although evidence has indicated a positive effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on reducing pain, few studies have focused on the elderly population with knee osteoarthritis (KOA). Objective: To evaluate whether tDCS reduces KOA pain in elderly individuals with a dysfunctional descending pain inhibitory system (DPIS). Methods: In a double-blind trial, individuals ≥ 60 years with KOA pain and a dysfunctional DPIS, we randomly assigned patients to receive 15 daily sessions of 2 mA tDCS over the primary motor cortex (anode) and contralateral supraorbital area (cathode) (M1-SO) for 20 min or sham tDCS. Change in pain perception indexed by the Brief Pain Inventory (BPI) at the end of intervention was the primary outcome. Secondary outcomes included: disability, quantitative sensory testing, pain pressure threshold and conditioned pain modulation (CPM). Subjects were followed-up for 2 months. Results: Of the 104 enrolled subjects, with mean (SD) age of 73.9 (8.01) years and 88 (84.6%) female, 102 finished the trial. In the intention-to-treat analysis, the active tDCS group had a significantly greater reduction in BPI compared to the sham group (difference, 1.59; 95% CI, 0.95 to 2.23; P < 0.001; Cohen's d, 0.58); and, also a significantly greater improvement in CPM-pressure in the knee (P = 0.01) and CPM-pain in the hand (P = 0.01). These effects were not sustained at follow-up. The intervention was well tolerated, with no severe adverse effects. Conclusion: M1-SO tDCS is associated with a moderate effect size in reducing pain in elderly patients with KOA after 15 daily sessions of stimulation. This intervention has also shown to modulate the DPIS.
Is the response to rTMS largely the result of non-specific effects?$$$ The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of depression is disputed. This is partly because, to date, insufficient good-quality studies have been conducted, and a definitive clinical profile for which rTMS is best suited is yet to be determined. However, another equally important reason for questioning the efficacy of rTMS is that the clinical response to its application is thought to be the result of predominantly non-specific and placebo effects. Therefore, in this viewpoint we examine this possibility in detail and propose a meaningful way forward for rTMS research.
Cortical Thickness Changes Following Accelerated Neuromodulation Therapy for Treatment-Resistant Depression Predict Depression Scores at One-Month$$$ Background: Accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation (aiTBS) is a safe and effective non-invasive neuromodulation therapy for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), yet the mechanisms underlying this effect are not well known. One potential mechanism involves neuroplastic changes to the cortex induced by repetitive stimulation. To assess this, we compared cortical thickness changes from baseline to immediate post-treatment in individuals undergoing aiTBS for TRD in a sham-controlled trial. We also examined the predictive value of early cortical changes on depression scores at one-month post-treatment. Methods: Twenty-nine TRD patients were randomized to receive active or sham aiTBS targeted to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. MRI scans and depression assessments were acquired at baseline, immediate post-treatment, and one-month post-treatment. Cortical thickness analysis assessed cortical changes relative to treatment outcome, from baseline to immediately post-treatment, using a whole-brain, longitudinal, vertex-wise approach controlling for age and sex. Cortical values from significant clusters were submitted to step-wise linear regression to predict depression scores at one-month post-treatment. Results: Active and sham aiTBS groups differed in 9 brain clusters spanning the anterior and posterior cingulate (PCC) cortices, insula, postcentral, supramarginal, and temporal gyri (p< 0.01, corrected). Of these 9 clusters, only right PCC thickness change predicted depression scores at one-month post-treatment. Conclusions: Active aiTBS is associated with a distinct pattern of cortical thickness change relative to treatment outcome compared to sham stimulation. PCC thickness change immediately post-treatment predicted depression scores at one-month post-treatment, suggesting a potential role of the PCC as an early biomarker of prolonged aiTBS treatment response. Supported By: NARSAD Keywords: Depression, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS), Target Engagement, Neuromodulation
A Single Session of DLPFC RTMS is Sufficient to Modulate the Fronto-Parietal Network$$$ Background: Brain stimulation treatments are used to treat medication-resistant psychiatric disorders. Repetitive TMS (rTMS) is FDA-approved for depression and OCD, and clinical trials for PTSD and substance use are underway. Despite this, we lack an understanding of how a single session of rTMS modulates brain networks. Here we characterize the duration, specificity, and strength of how rTMS modulates large-scale brain networks. Methods: We recruited 32 healthy subjects and performed a randomized, sham-controlled, single rTMS ‘dose,’ cross-over study evaluating the network effects of rTMS. Each subject received active left dlPFC rTMS at 120% motor threshold (MT) with 5s trains and 10s rest periods, for a total of 3,000 pulses. Sham rTMS was performed with a flipped TMS coil and electrical scalp stimulation to mimic rTMS. RsEEG and TMS-EEG were recorded before and after rTMS. EEG artifacts were cleaned using custom independent component analysis. A group x time x condition analysis of variance (MANOVA) determined the main effects and interactions between group (active versus sham), time (pre vs post), and brain changes (frontoparietal, default mode, salience networks). Results: For both active and sham rTMS sessions, we observed non-specific (with respect to brain networks) significant decreases in alpha resting EEG power and in the p200 (positive deflection from 150-250ms) of the TEP. We also observed a significant TEP p30 suppression specific to parietal cortex functionally connected to the dlPFC. We did not observe specific resting EEG effects. Conclusions: While rTMS elicits several non-specific brain changes, it also induces regional connectivity changes specific to the targeted brain network. Supported By: DP5OD028128 Keywords: TMS-EEG, rTMS, Neuromodulation, HF-rTMS, TMS Induced Response
Clinical Outcomes in a Large Registry of Patients with Major Depressive Disorder Treated With Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Background: Randomized clinical trials have demonstrated that Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is an effective treatment for episodes of major depressive disorder (MDD). However, characterization of outcomes in routine clinical practice is needed, as well as identification of patient- and treatment-related outcome predictors. This study documented patient-rated (PHQ-9) and clinician-rated (CGI-S) clinical outcomes in the NeuroStar® Advanced Therapy System Clinical Outcomes Registry. Methods: Registry data were collected at 103 practice sites. Of 7,759 participants, 5,010 patients were included in an intent-to-treat (ITT) sample, defined as a primary MDD diagnosis, age ≥ 18, and completion of the PHQ-9 before TMS and with at least one PHQ-9 assessment after baseline. Completers (N=3,814) were responders or had received ≥ 20 sessions and had an end of acute treatment PHQ-9 assessment. CGI-S ratings were obtained in smaller samples. Results: In the total ITT and Completer samples, response (58-83%) and remission (28-62%) rates were notably high across self-report and clinician-administered assessments. Female patients and those treated with a larger number of pulses per session had superior clinical outcomes. Conclusions: The extent of clinical benefit reported by patients and clinicians following TMS in routine practice compares favorably with alternative interventions for treatment-resistant depression. Strong efficacy and the low side effect and medical risk profile suggest that TMS be evaluated as a first-line treatment for MDD. The findings derive from the largest registry of clinical outcomes in MDD for any treatment. Funding Source: Neuronetics Inc Keywords: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Efficacy, Gender, Aging
Differential Changes in Resting-State Functional Connectivity Imparted by Rapidly-Acting Antidepressant Treatments$$$ Background: Previous studies report changes of resting-state functional connectivity (RSFC) following rapidly-acting antidepressant treatments. It remains unclear, however, whether electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), serial ketamine infusion (SKI), and total sleep deprivation (TSD) differentially affect between-network RSFC patterns. Here, we used machine learning and general linear models (GLMs) to identify separable treatment-related RSFC changes for ECT, SKI, and TSD interventions. Methods: Patients with depression (N=129) receiving SKI (n=60), TSD (n=49), or ECT (n=20) were included. Resting-state images were parcellated with the Glasser atlas, adding the habenula. We calculated the partial correlation of change (pre- to post-treatment) for between-network connectivity for each participant. Random forest (RF) classifiers were used to predict patient treatment arms given changes in between-network RSFC. Classifiers were trained and tested using stratified 10-fold cross validation with nested feature selection and parameter optimization. Permutation tests assessed model performance. Results: The classifier’s overall balanced accuracy was 47% (p<0.01) while class-specific F1-scores were 0.67, 0.65, and 0.0 for SKI, TSD, and ECT, respectively. Reduced connectivity between components of the visual network (VN), ventral attention network (VAN), and default mode network (DMN) including the posterior cingulate, paracentral lobule, anterior cingulate, and orbitofrontal cortex were predictive of having received SKI treatment. Increased connectivity between right visual areas V1 and V2, bilateral cerebellum, and bilateral putamen was predictive of having undergone TSD. Conclusions: We report preliminary evidence that SKI, TSD, and ECT differentially affect patterns of RSFC. These findings will help to characterize unique treatment-responsive biomarkers among antidepressant interventions with different mechanistic actions. Funding Source: NARSAD 27786; K99 MH119314 Keywords: Resting State Functional Connectivity, Depression, Machine Learning, Ketamine, Sleep Deprivation
Safe Use of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation in Veterans With Alcohol Use Disorder$$$ Background: Alcohol use disorder (AUD) is highly prevalent and can complicate treatment of depression and posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Transcranial magnetic stimulation is a promising treatment for these disorders, yet research often excludes AUD patients out of concern for safety or poorer outcomes. Thus, we revisited a prior study of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) for PTSD, to evaluate safety and whether AUD impacted clinical outcomes. Methods: Fifty Veterans with PTSD (n=17, with AUD) received 10 days of sham-controlled iTBS, followed by 10 unblinded sessions. Stimulation was delivered at 80% of the motor threshold for 1800 pulses to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Safety, PTSD and depressive outcomes were evaluated with repeated measures analysis of variance, to examine the effects of time, treatment group and comorbid AUD. Results: There were no significant differences in safety outcomes between patients with and without AUD. There was a significant linear treatment group x AUD x time interaction (F(1,46)=7.58, p=.008, ηp2=.14; moderate effect). Patients with AUD who received active stimulation demonstrated a sharper rate of improvement in depression symptoms (F(1,15)=8.91, p=.009, ηp2=.37; large effect). AUD was not associated with PTSD symptom change. Conclusions: While these results require replication, they indicate that iTBS is likely to be safe in this patient group. Furthermore, active stimulation yielded improved outcomes for patients with AUD, and comorbid AUD did not impact PTSD outcomes. These findings indicate that comorbid AUD should not preclude clinical use of iTBS, and that iTBS should be further investigated as a potential novel treatment option for AUD. Supported By: Supported by U.S. Veterans Affairs grants I21 RX002032 and IK2 CX001824 Keywords: Depression, Neurostimulation, PTSD, Alcohol Use Disorder, Double Blind Clinical Trial
Structural Network Plasticity After rTMS Treatment in Depression$$$ Background: Functional network connectivity is altered after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depressive disorder (MDD). Whether structural network plasticity occurs after rTMS remains unclear. Multivariate cortical mapping was used to assess whether change in structural covariance of the DLPFC target network was associated with post-treatment clinical response. Methods: We included 268 persons with MDD (38% male, 18-64 y/o) who participated in a randomized trial to assess high-frequency versus theta-burst stimulation rTMS (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01887782). Patients were grouped according to change on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Score (HSRD) at study completion (non-responders <50%/responders ≥50%). T1 MRI were acquired pre- and post-treatment. Cortical thickness maps were computed using FreeSurfer. To derive the TMS target (MNI seed=x–38,y+44,z+26) network, a multivariate seed-based analysis was performed using Partial Least Squares. A scalar network expression score was derived for each individual by computing the dot product between the baseline group average network map and an individual’s thickness map. Post-treatment network expression scores were computed from the post-treatment thickness maps and the baseline group-average network map. Larger scores indicated higher expression of the group-level network pattern. Finally, the correlation between the change in network expression score and clinical change after treatment was computed. Results: The target network corresponded to topography of the anti-correlated DLPFC-subgenual anterior cingulate network pattern reported in functional connectivity studies. Change in structural covariance of this structural network was correlated with clinical response on the HSRD (r[131]=0.23,p=.007). Conclusions: This study suggests that structural network plasticity may partially underpin clinical response to TMS in depression. Supported By: CIHR MOP-136801, Norris Scholar Award & Labatt Family Network for Research in Depression, Department of Psychiatry, University of Toronto Keywords: Structural Covariance Networks, Networks Plasticity, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Cortical Thickness
Effect of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Anxiety$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment protocols that have been effective in reducing anxiety symptoms comorbid with depression, has not shown the same efficacy in non-depressed individuals, calling for a novel approach to general anxiety reduction. In this study, continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) will be used to stimulate the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) in order to target regions in the fear/anxiety circuit. Our aim is to determine the effects of a one-week course of cTBS on anxiety and anxiety-related working memory deficits in comparison to the sham stimulation. Methods: In this double-blinded, cross-over design, 7 healthy subjects received 4, 40 second cTBS sessions delivered over the course of a week with a post stimulation testing session occurring 24 hours following the final cTBS session. The effects of the stimulation on anxiety and anxiety-related working memory deficits were assessed using the unpredictable shock-threat paradigm and Sternberg working memory task during threat of shock, respectively. Results: In this preliminary report, pre-to-post stimulation changes are still blinded. However, data from the pre-stimulation sessions show an increase in anxiety when shocks were unpredictable compared to neutral in the unpredictable shock-threat task. Though accuracy in the Sternberg task in pre-stimulation sessions showed little change across conditions, reaction time was slower during threat of shock compared to safe from shock. Conclusions: Upon completion, we expect that the rTMS will strengthen inhibition circuits in the right dlPFC, facilitating anxiety regulation and reducing anxiety-related working memory deficits. We also expect to demonstrate target engagement through simultaneous TMS/fMRI. Supported By: K01 Keywords: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), DLPFC, Anxiety
Characteristics of Patients Who Received Deep Brain Stimulation in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder Versus Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is cleared for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) but is an investigational treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). Also, ECT can be used in treatment resistant MDD but not OCD. The aim of this study is to compare the characteristics of patients who received DBS as part of standard care for OCD versus those who received it a part of a research protocol for MDD. Methods: The inpatient sample (N=110) was drawn from the 2012–2014 Nationwide Inpatient Sample (NIS), and included adults with a primary discharge diagnosis of MDD (N=50) or OCD (N=60) and primary procedure with DBS. The study compared various patient demographics, clinical, hospital and insurance variables between the 2 groups. Results: DBS recipients with OCD were younger compared to those with MDD. DBS recipients with MDD tended to be from high-income families compared to those with OCD. DBS patients with MDD were in the South region while DBS patients with OCD were in the Midwest and South regions of the United States (US). The study did not detect a significant difference in the length of stay (LOS) and total charges among DBS recipients with OCD versus MDD. Conclusions: DBS patients with MDD are typically older with more financial resources compared to those with OCD. DBS is federally cleared for OCD, but not MDD, demonstrating the need for further investigation to establish DBS as a federally cleared treatment for difficult to treat MDD if well-powered randomized trials further support its use. Supported By: None Keywords: Healthcare Utilization, Deep Brain Stimulation, Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder, Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Depression
Enhancing Cognition in Older Persons: A Pilot Clinical Trial of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS)$$$ Background: Low-burden, accessible interventions are needed to prevent cognitive decline in individuals at high-risk for decline. Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are two interventions which can be delivered remotely, improving their reach and scalability. This study aimed to assess the feasibility, safety and tolerability of combining MBSR with tDCS, and the preliminary efficacy on improving cognition, mood symptoms, social functioning and mindfulness. Methods: We randomized 26 individuals aged 60 years or older with cognitive complaints and mood symptoms (Active: 12, mean age=68.34, SD=5.88; Sham: 14, mean age=69.04, SD=4.99). All participants completed an 8-week course of MBSR with active or sham tDCS. Participants attended weekly MBSR sessions and completed daily at-home MBSR with tDCS. Cognition, depression, anxiety, social functioning, and everyday mindfulness were assessed before and after treatment. Results: MBSR+tDCS was safe and well-tolerated, though adherence to the interventions was mediocre. Both groups improved in cognition (F(1,20)=17.05, p=0.001) and anxiety(F(1,21)=7.05, p=0.02), with no effect of tDCS (cognition: F(1,20)=1.81, p=0.19); anxiety: F(1,20)=0.04, p=0.84)). There was no change in depression or social functioning (p > 0.05). While there was no significant difference between the groups on everyday mindfulness(F(1,21)=3.68, p=0.07), the effect size of difference between the groups was 0.55, favoring active tDCS. Conclusions: Our findings suggest it is feasible and safe to combine tDCS with MBSR in older depressed and anxious adults, including during remote, at-home use. Active tDCS may facilitate the learning of mindfulness. Future research should focus on improving adherence to MBSR with tDCS and then determining efficacy using larger samples. Supported By: NIMH R25 MH112473, Canada Research Chair Grant #: 950-230879 Keywords: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), Mindfulness Intervention, Depression, Anxiety, Cognition, Aging and Memory
Targeting the Reconsolidation of Traumatic Memories With Electroconvulsive Therapy for the Treatment of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ Background: Treatment resistance in Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) is common. Traumatic memories that underlie PTSD may be vulnerable to disruption during reconsolidation. Given that Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) is known to have amnestic side effects, this study examines the efficacy of ECT to disrupt reconsolidation when paired with memory re-activation as a treatment for PTSD. Methods: Twenty-eight participants with severe depression with comorbid PTSD referred for ECT were randomized to receive a reactivation of a traumatic or non-traumatic memory using script driven imagery prior to each ECT treatment. Primary outcomes were change in scores on the Modified PTSD Symptom Scale - Self Report (MPSS-SR) and the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-5 (CAPS-5). Autonomic changes as indexed by heart rate were measured as a secondary outcome. Assessment raters were blinded to treatment allocation. Results: In 25 patients who completed any post-ECT assessment, no significant group differences were found in the MPSS-SR or CAPS-5 scores from baseline to post-ECT assessments, nor at 3-month follow up. Both groups improved substantially at post-ECT and 3-month timepoints, with large effect sizes (Partial eta squared > 0.13). No significant differences were found between groups or over time in heart rate changes. Conclusions: ECT paired with pre-treatment traumatic memory reactivation was not significantly different in treating PTSD symptoms compared to ECT alone. This study highlights the challenges found in translating neuroscientific research in memory reconsolidation to clinical trials. Our data provides support for the efficacy of ECT alone for improving symptoms of PTSD with comorbid depression. Supported By: N/A Keywords: Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Electroconvulsive Therapy, Randomized Controlled Trial, Reconsolidation, Memory
Circulating Quinolinic Acid is Reduced Following Behavioral Activation Therapy in Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Behavioral activation (BA) therapy is an effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) that targets anhedonia by enhancing opportunities for positive reinforcement. Anhedonic depression is also associated with alterations of the kynurenine pathway (KP), namely a decreased serum ratio of kynurenic acid (KynA) to quinolinic acid (QA). Whether this putative neuroprotective index is predictive of BA therapy outcomes or altered by BA therapy has not been evaluated. Methods: Fifty-six depressed individuals provided serum samples to measure KP metabolites before a ten-week course of BA therapy and 29 of these individuals also provided post-therapy samples. Depressive symptoms were measured weekly. Data were analyzed using linear mixed models. Results: BA therapy was associated with significant decreases in PROMIS-Depression scores (p<0.001, Cohen’s d>0.5). KynA/QA was significantly increased at post-therapy relative to baseline (p<0.001, d=2.2), an effect driven by a decrease in QA post-therapy (p<0.001, uncorrected, d=3.39). The change in KynA/QA was nominally associated with the magnitude of change in PROMIS-D scores (p=0.074, Cohen’s f2=0.054). Baseline KynA/QA did not predict treatment response. Conclusions: QA is a neurotoxic metabolite associated with MDD and is also decreased following treatment with ketamine or electroconvulsive therapy. Thus, QA reduction may be a common mechanistic pathway for the therapeutic effects of antidepressant treatments. Randomized controlled designs will be necessary to establish causal relationships between BA therapy, symptom reduction, and QA concentrations. Supported By: This work was supported by the William K. Warren Foundation, the National Institute of Mental Health (K23MH108707; R21MH113871), and the National Institute of General Medical Sciences (P20GM121312). Keywords: Depression, Behavioral Activation Therapy, Kynurenine Pathway, Treatment Study, Quinolinic Acid
A Double-Blind, Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial of Accelerated Intermittent Theta-Burst (aiTBS) for Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Background: Depression is the leading cause of disability worldwide and half of all depressed patients are treatment-resistant. Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is an FDA-approved non-invasive brain stimulation treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), but this treatment has a response rate of only ∼50% and a 6-week duration. We used neuroscience research to develop a 5-day accelerated, high-dose iTBS protocol with optimized stimulation parameters which was associated with a 90% remission rate in an open-label trial. We report the results of a randomized double-blind sham-controlled trial of this protocol. Methods: Participants were randomized (1:1) to receive either active or sham treatment involving 50 iTBS sessions in 5 days. Resting-state fMRI scans were used to individually target the region of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex most anti-correlated with the subgenual cingulate in each participant. The Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale scores 4 weeks after treatment were used as the primary outcome measure. Results: At the planned interim analysis, 32 participants with TRD had been enrolled and 29 participants who continued to meet inclusion criteria received either active (n=14) or sham (n=15) treatment. After the 5-day treatment, 85.7% of participants in the active group responded to treatment compared to 26.7% in the sham group. Conclusions: Active aiTBS was superior to sham treatment. The response and remission rates were substantially higher than those reported for current treatments for TRD, but direct comparison studies are needed. The rapid antidepressant responses induced by aiTBS provide an opportunity to treat patients in emergency room or inpatient settings. Funding Source: Charles R. Schwab, David and Amanda Chao Fund II, Amy Roth PhD Fund, Neuromodulation Research Fund, The Lehman Family, Still Charitable Trust, Marshall and Dee Ann Payne Fund and the Gordie Brookstone Fund. Keywords: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS), Depression, Treatment-Resistant Depression, Neuronavigation
Structural Changes Induced by Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in Depression$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a low-cost neuromodulation technique. Although previous studies have demonstrated the antidepressant potential of tDCS, contrasting findings from recent clinical trials have highlighted the need to understand its underlying neurobiological effects. In this study, we investigated whether a tDCS treatment series elicits structural brain changes in patients with depression. Methods: Using a randomized double-blind parallel design, a total of 59 moderately depressed participants (baseline Hamilton-Depression-Rating scores: ≥14 and <24) were enrolled to receive active or sham tDCS. The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) served as the stimulation target, and tDCS was administered using two montages: a focal high-definition (HD)-montage, or a conventional F3/F8 (10-20 EEG system) montage (n=20/19/20 in active-HD, active-conventional, and sham groups, respectively). Each tDCS session included 2mAx20 min of active/sham stimulation delivered using a double-blind stimulator for a total of 12 treatments over 12 consecutive working days. T1-weighted structural MRI data was acquired at baseline and following 12 treatments. Changes in gray-matter (relative to baseline) were estimated using voxel-based morphometry, and analyzed using a 1-way ANOVA. Results: Results revealed significant (p<0.05, family-wise corrected) gray-matter increases in the left DLPFC for both active-stimulation groups compared to sham, with post-hoc t-tests revealing significant changes for each active-stimulation group (active-HD: p=0.0002, cohen’s d=1.3/, active-conventional: p=0.045, d=0.59). Conclusions: TDCS treatments resulted in gray-matter increases at the left DLPFC stimulation-target, similar to reports of structural neuroplasticity occurring with other neurostimulation treatments for depression, including electroconvulsive therapy. Future work will investigate treatment-induced mood-improvements and their correlations with the observed gray-matter increases. Supported By: US NIH grant R61MH110526 Keywords: Gray-Matter Changes, tDCS, VBM, Depression
Comparison of Prolactin and Cortisol Response to Magnetic Seizure Therapy and Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and magnetic seizure therapy (MST) induce therapeutic seizures by delivering current to the brain via scalp electrodes or high-intensity magnetic stimulation, respectively. The induced electric field and the subsequent seizure differ between ECT and MST. We measured peri-treatment serum prolactin and cortisol levels as indicators of the degree of seizure spread induced by the two modalities. Methods: This was a double-blinded randomized controlled clinical trial. Patients (n=33) diagnosed with major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder (age 51 ± 2.5) received right unilateral ultrabrief-pulse ECT or MST three times weekly until the patient achieved remission. Serum levels of prolactin and cortisol were measured 5 min prior, at 5, 15, 30 min timepoints relative to start of stimulation during the second, sixth, and penultimate treatments. A 3-level hierarchical linear model was used to assess the change in hormone levels, adjusting for age and sex. Results: Prolactin levels for ECT and MST increased relative to baseline (t=3.48, p < 0.01) with a higher increase for ECT compared to MST (t=2.43, p < 0.05), and with significant effects of age (p<0.05) and sex (p < 0.01). For cortisol, there was a significant effect of sex on peak change within session (p < 0.001); however, there were no main effects of peri-treatment time and treatment modality. Conclusions: MST induces a lower prolactin surge compared to ECT, which implies less seizure spread to subcortical regions controlling neuroendocrine response. Prolactin levels decreased over the treatment course with ECT consistent with an increase in seizure threshold over time. Supported By: The study was supported by grants from the Stanley Medical Research Foundation. The authors are supported in part by the National Institute of Mental Health Intramural Research Program. Keywords: Magnetic Seizure Therapy, Prolactin, Cortisol, Depression, Electroconvulsive Therapy
Electroconvulsive therapy with a memory reactivation intervention for post-traumatic stress disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Post-traumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) often does not respond to available treatments. Memories are vulnerable to disruption during reconsolidation, and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has amnestic effects Objective/hypothesis: To test the use of ECT to disrupt the reconsolidation of traumatic memories as a potential treatment for PTSD Methods: Participants were adults from the civilian population and were referred for ECT treatment for severe depression with comorbid PTSD symptoms. Twenty-eight participants were randomly assigned to reactivation of a traumatic or non-traumatic memory using audio script driven imagery prior to each ECT treatment. Primary outcomes were change in scores on the Modified PTSD Symptom Scale - Self Report (MPSS-SR) and the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-5 (CAPS-5). Secondary outcomes included a comparison of the change in heart rate while listening to the script Results: Twenty-five female patients who completed a post-ECT assessment were included in the analysis. No significant group differences were found in the MPSS-SR or CAPS-5 scores from pre-ECT to post-ECT or 3-month follow-ups. However, both groups improved at post-ECT and 3-month follow up. Partial eta squared estimates of effect size showed large effect sizes for all outcomes (η2 > 0.13). Changes in heart rate were not significantly different between groups or over time Conclusions: ECT paired with pre-treatment traumatic memory reactivation was not more effective for treating PTSD symptoms than ECT with non-traumatic memory reactivation. While our primary hypothesis was not supported, our data provides further support for the efficacy of ECT for improving symptoms of PTSD with comorbid depression. ClinicalTrials.gov. https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04027452. Identifier: NCT04027452.
Targeting location relates to treatment response in active but not sham rTMS stimulation$$$ Background: Precise targeting of brain functional networks is believed critical for treatment efficacy of rTMS (repetitive pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation) in treatment resistant major depression. Objective: To use imaging data from a “failed” clinical trial of rTMS in Veterans to test whether treatment response was associated with rTMS coil location in active but not sham stimulation, and compare fMRI functional connectivity between those stimulation locations. Methods: An imaging substudy of 49 Veterans (mean age, 56 years; range, 27–78 years; 39 male) from a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded clinical trial of rTMS treatment, grouping participants by clinical response, followed by group comparisons of treatment locations identified by individualized fiducial markers on structural MRI and resting state fMRI derived networks. Results: The average stimulation location for responders versus nonresponders differed in the active but not in the sham condition (P = .02). The average responder location derived from the active condition showed significant negative functional connectivity with the subgenual cingulate (P < .001) while the nonresponder location did not (P = .17), a finding replicated in independent cohorts of 84 depressed and 35 neurotypical participants. The responder and nonresponder stimulation locations evoked different seed based networks (FDR corrected clusters, all P < .03), revealing additional brain regions related to rTMS treatment outcome. Conclusion: These results provide evidence from a randomized controlled trial that clinical response to rTMS is related to accuracy in targeting the region within DLPFC that is negatively correlated with subgenual cingulate. These results support the validity of a neuro-functionally informed rTMS therapy target in Veterans.
Use of electroconvulsive therapy in adolescents-A retrospective survey on 12-to 17-year-old patients at three university hospitals in Germany$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective and well-researched therapy in adult psychiatry and has been successfully used especially as a treatment for severe depressive, catatonic, and psychotic disorders. Although severe disease progressions also occur in child and adolescent psychiatry, ECT is used much less frequently there. This may be because hardly any data have been collected on the use, effectiveness, and tolerability of ECT in child and adolescent psychiatric patients. This article outlines the application, effectiveness, and tolerability of ECT when applied to young adolescents in Germany. ï»¿Methods:ï»¿ A retrospective survey on ECT in 29 patients under 18 years of age was conducted at three German university centers. All documented cases were recorded and evaluated for effectiveness and tolerability. In addition, a comprehensive PubMed-based database search was carried out. ï»¿Results and conclusions:ï»¿ Internationally, there are no meta-analyses or randomized controlled studies and hardly any published cases on electroconvulsive therapy in German child and adolescent psychiatry. Our data on ECT show high efficacy in previously treatment-resistant and severely ill patients. Side effects occurred rarely. There was no evidence of differences between adults and adolescents in indication (depression, catatonia, schizophrenia), effectiveness, tolerability, and negative predictors of response to ECT. The results also suggest that the use of ECT in adolescents should be considered earlier in the treatment course.
The australian tms debate$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) was introduced as a treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in the late 20th century. Australian psychiatrists have played foundational roles since that time. TMS is accepted in dozens of countries as a safe treatment. In early 2019, a debate as to whether sufficient information is available to justify TMS in the treatment of MDD was initiated in the Australian and New Zealand Journal of Psychiatry (Aust N Z J Psychiatry). Objectives: To examine and comment on the debate as to whether sufficient information is available to justify TMS in the treatment of MDD. Methods: The author is from the positive camp. He explored four documents: the first (from the negative camp) being the initial Aust N Z J Psychiatry publication, the second and third (from the positive camp) being responses to the initial paper and the fourth being a final utterance (from the negative camp). More recent publications were also considered. Findings: This author found (not surprisingly) there is scientific and clinical experience to justify TMS in the treatment of MDD. The negative camp wanted doubleblind, placebo-controlled trials of every feature/variable of the effect of TMS so that protocols could regulate every aspect of TMS treatment. Conclusions: TMS is a safe, effective and economical treatment of MDD. The use of antidepressant medication and electroconvulsive therapy have not been codified to the extent that all flexibility of treatment has been removed. To seek this for TMS will unreasonably delay the introduction, to the detriment of suffering patients.
The role of transcranial magnetic stimulation in anxiety disorders: A review of the literature$$$ Background: The evidence base for the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to treat major depression is extensive. However, there are an increasing number of reports of rTMS being used to treat anxiety disorders. Objectives: This study aims to update the evidence base for rTMS in the treatment of anxiety disorders. Methods: A narrative literature review was conducted, using medical subject headings (MeSH) search terms in Medline and then obtaining articles from reference lists in key papers and systematic reviews. Findings: The evidence base is strongest for obsessive- compulsive disorder (OCD) and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), followed by generalised anxiety disorder (GAD) and depression with comorbid anxiety. Studies are limited by low numbers and a varying range of stimulus parameters and target sites being used. For OCD, more than 20 randomised controlled trials (RCTs) and several meta-analyses have shown that rTMS can improve OCD symptoms in the short term and for PTSD, six RCTs have shown that some PTSD symptoms can improve with rTMS. However, for both conditions, the optimum stimulation site and treatment parameters are unclear. For GAD, two RCTs have shown some encouraging improvement in anxiety symptoms, independent of response in depressive symptoms. For depression with comorbid anxiety, two recent RCTs have shown that the anxiety does not attenuate the response in depressive symptoms. Conclusions: rTMS remains an experimental treatment for anxiety disorders, to be used after more conventional treatments have failed. OCD and PTSD have the strongest evidence of benefit. More research is required, especially to determine the optimal treatment parameters.
Effects of iTBS-rTMS on the Behavioral Phenotype of a Rat Model of Maternal Immune Activation$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is considered a promising therapeutic tool for treating neuropsychiatric diseases. Previously, we found intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) rTMS to be most effective in modulating cortical excitation-inhibition balance in rats, accompanied by improved cortical sensory processing and sensory learning performance. Using an animal schizophrenia model based on maternal immune activation (MIA) we tested if iTBS applied to either adult or juvenile rats can affect the behavioral phenotype in a therapeutic or preventive manner, respectively. In a sham-controlled fashion, iTBS effects in MIA rats were compared with rats receiving vehicle NaCl injection instead of the synthetic viral strand. Prior to iTBS, adult MIA rats showed deficits in sensory gating, as tested with prepulse inhibition (PPI) of the acoustic startle reflex, and deficits in novel object recognition (NOR). No differences between MIA and control rats were evident with regard to signs of anxiety, anhedonia and depression but MIA rats were somewhat superior to controls during the training phase of Morris Water Maze (MWM) test. MIA but not control rats significantly improved in PPI following iTBS at adulthood but without significant differences between verum and sham application. If applied during adolescence, verum but not sham-iTBS improved NOR at adulthood but no difference in PPI was evident in rats treated either with sham or verum-iTBS. MIA and control rat responses to sham-iTBS applied at adulthood differed remarkably, indicating a different physiological reaction to the experimental experiences. Although verum-iTBS was not superior to sham-iTBS, MIA rats seemed to benefit from the treatment procedure in general, since differences—in relation to control rats declined or disappeared. Even if classical placebo effects can be excluded, motor or cognitive challenges or the entire handling procedure during the experiments appear to alleviate the behavioral impairments of MIA rats.
Structural correlates underlying accelerated magnetic stimulation in Parkinson's disease$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive neuromodulation technique with great potential in the treatment of Parkinson's disease (PD). This study aimed to investigate the clinical efficacy of accelerated rTMS and to understand the underlying neural mechanism. In a double-blinded way, a total of 42 patients with PD were randomized to receive real (n = 22) or sham (n = 20) continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) on the left supplementary motor area (SMA) for 14 consecutive days. Patients treated with real cTBS, but not with sham cTBS, showed a significant improvement in Part III of the Unified PD Rating Scale (p <.0001). This improvement was observed as early as 1 week after the start of cTBS treatment, and maintained 8 weeks after the end of the treatment. These findings indicated that the treatment response was swift with a long-lasting effect. Imaging analyses showed that volume of the left globus pallidus (GP) increased after cTBS treatment. Furthermore, the volume change of GP was mildly correlated with symptom improvement and associated with the baseline fractional anisotropy of SMA-GP tracts. Together, these findings implicated that the accelerated cTBS could effectively alleviate motor symptoms of PD, maybe by modulating the motor circuitry involving the SMA-GP pathway.
Does Cathodal vs. Sham Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over Contralesional Motor Cortex Enhance Upper Limb Motor Recovery Post-stroke? A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Background: During recovery from stroke, the contralesional motor cortex (M1) may undergo maladaptive changes that contribute to impaired interhemispheric inhibition (IHI). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) with the cathode over contralesional M1 may inhibit this maladaptive plasticity, normalize IHI, and enhance motor recovery. Objective: The objective of this systematic review and meta-analysis was to evaluate available evidence to determine whether cathodal tDCS on contralesional M1 enhances motor re-learning or recovery post-stroke more than sham tDCS. Methods: We searched OVID Medline, Embase, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for participants with stroke (>1 week post-onset) with motor impairment and who received cathodal or sham tDCS to contralesional M1 for one or more sessions. The outcomes included a change in any clinically validated assessment of physical function, activity, or participation, or a change in a movement performance variable (e.g., time, accuracy). A meta-analysis was performed by pooling five randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and comparing the change in Fugl–Meyer upper extremity scores between cathodal and sham tDCS groups. Results: Eleven studies met the inclusion criteria. Qualitatively, four out of five cross-over design studies and three out of six RCTs reported a significant effect of cathodal vs. sham tDCS. In the quantitative synthesis, cathodal tDCS (n = 65) did not significantly reduce motor impairment compared to sham tDCS (n = 67; standardized mean difference = 0.33, z = 1.79, p = 0.07) with a little observed heterogeneity (I2 = 5%). Conclusions: The effects of cathodal tDCS to contralesional M1 on motor recovery are small and consistent. There may be sub-populations that may respond to this approach; however, further research with larger cohorts is required.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: A three-arm parallel-group dose-response randomized pilot trial$$$ Background:The optimal dose (number of pulses per session) of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), using the H-coil, in major depressive disorder (MDD) has not previously been reported.Objective:To explore the relationship between rTMS dose and antidepressant effect, and collect data for the design of a definitive trial.Methods:This was a double-blind, three-arm parallel-group, randomized [1:1:1], pilot trial conducted in Stockholm, Sweden (September 2014 to September 2016). The primary outcome was change in depression severity measured with the Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) after 4 weeks. Participants (n = 29) with MDD were randomized to 1000, 2000, or 4000 pulses of rTMS for 20 sessions during 4 weeks.Results:At 4 weeks, the 3 treatment groups reduced the mean MADRS (95% CI) by 11.6 (4.0-19.2), 9.1 (5.0-13.3), and 11.3 (4.1-18.5) points respectively. Eleven participants met criteria for response and 10 for remission. No serious adverse events occurred. Ratings of subjective memory improved in all groups. Exploring the effect of dose and time, 4000 pulses had the largest reduction in MADRS during the first 2 weeks. A comparison of change in MADRS between 2000 and 4000 pulses after 2 weeks will require a sample size of 66 patients at power.80 and alpha.05.Conclusions:It is feasible to conduct a definitive trial investigating whether a higher number of magnetic pulses per treatment session gives a more rapid antidepressive response.
Treatment for Major Depressive Disorder by Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Different Parameters: A Randomized Double-Blinded Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been proven to be safe and effective in treating major depressive disorder (MDD). However, the treatment parameters of rTMS are still divergent and need to be optimized further. The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of rTMS in treating MDD with different parameters of stimulating frequency and location, and course of treatment. Methods: A total of 221 patients with MDD were recruited in the randomized, double-blind, controlled trial. All eligible patients were randomly assigned into four treatment groups: (1) 10 Hz in left dorsolateral pre-frontal cortex (DLPFC) (n = 55), (2) 5 Hz in left DLPFC (n = 53), (3) 10 Hz in bilateral DLPFC (n = 57), and (4) 5 Hz in bilateral DLPFC (n = 56). The patients received treatment for 6 weeks and an additional 6-week optional treatment. The efficacies were evaluated by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-24 items (HDRS) and Clinical Global Impressions Scale (CGI). The trial is registered at the Chinese Clinical Trial Registry as ChiCTR-TRC-12002248. Results: The ANOVAs of HDRS scores up to 6 weeks and 12 weeks with repeated measure of time showed a significant effect of duration without statistical difference among four treatment groups and no significance when time was interacted with inter-group as well. The response rates up until the 5th week were significantly different with the previous week. Conclusions: It concludes that there were no statistical differences in the efficacy of rTMS between unilateral left and bilateral DLPFC, and between 5 and 10 Hz for treating MDD.
Methodological aspects of randomized controlled trials for tinnitus: A systematic review and how a decision support system could overcome barriers$$$ Although a wide range of tinnitus management interventions is currently under research and a variety of therapeutic interventions have already been applied in clinical practice, no optimal and universal tinnitus treatment has been reached yet. This fact is to some extent a consequence of the high heterogeneity of the methodologies used in tinnitus related clinical studies. In this manu-script, we have identified, summarized, and critically appraised tinnitus-related randomized clinical trials since 2010, aiming at systematically mapping the research conducted in this area. The results of our analysis of the 73 included randomized clinical trials provide important insight on the identification of limitations of previous works, methodological pitfalls or gaps in current knowledge, a prerequisite for the adequate interpretation of current literature and execution of future studies.
Influence of an adjuvant antidepressant on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: The primary indication for electroconvulsive therapy is medication-resistant major depression. There is some evidence that combining electroconvulsive therapy with an antidepressant, instead of electroconvulsive therapy monotherapy, might improve remission rates. However, data on this topic have not been systematically studied. We undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis to determine the effectiveness of an adjuvant antidepressant during electroconvulsive therapy for major depression. Methods: Embase, Medline Ovid, Web of Science, Cochrane Central, PsychINFO Ovid and Google Scholar were searched up to January 2019. Randomized controlled trials and cohort studies reporting on the influence of an adjuvant antidepressant on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy for major depression were included. Authors independently screened records, extracted data and assessed study quality. We reported this systematic review and meta-analysis following Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. Results: Nine studies were included in the meta-analysis. The meta-analysis revealed a significant advantage of adjuvant antidepressants versus placebo. The overall effect size per category of antidepressant was as follows: tricyclic antidepressants: Hedges’ g 0.32 (95% confidence interval: [0.14, 0.51]) (k = 6) with low heterogeneity (I2: 4%, p = 0.39); selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors/serotonin noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors: Hedges’ g 0.27 (95% confidence interval: [0.03, 0.52]) (k = 2) with a lack of heterogeneity (I2: 0%, p = 0.89); and monoamine oxidase inhibitors: Hedges’ g 0.35 (95% confidence interval: [−0.07, 0.77]) with moderate heterogeneity (I2: 43%, p = 0.17) (k = 3). Conclusion: An adjuvant antidepressant enhances the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy for major depression. Tricyclic antidepressants, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors/serotonin noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors and monoamine oxidase inhibitors showed the same effect size. However, the effect sizes of tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors are most likely underestimated, due to insufficient doses in most of the included studies. We recommend the routine use of an adequately dosed antidepressant during electroconvulsive therapy for major depression.
A happiness magnet? Reviewing the evidence for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder$$$ Objectives: First, to conduct a historical review of the evidence for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depressive disorder and determine a clinical algorithm. Second, to identify opportunities for research. Methods: Literature searches were conducted of the MEDLINE database, UpToDate and the Australian National University Library SuperSearch from 1 January 2000 to 30 September 2019. The search terms used were ‘transcranial magnetic stimulation’, ‘major depressive disorder’ and ‘depression’. Results: There were 24 meta-analyses identified, demonstrating a clear clinical effect. Left high-frequency rTMS had the most evidence. Ideal clinical parameters and study design were explored. Conclusion: Use of rTMS for some patients with depression is justified. Open research questions include the comparative efficacy of right low-frequency and bilateral stimulation, the role of rTMS in medication-naïve patients, and maintenance of effect.
Identification of psychiatric disorder subtypes from functional connectivity patterns in resting-state electroencephalography$$$ The understanding and treatment of psychiatric disorders, which are known to be neurobiologically and clinically heterogeneous, could benefit from the data-driven identification of disease subtypes. Here, we report the identification of two clinically relevant subtypes of post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and major depressive disorder (MDD) on the basis of robust and distinct functional connectivity patterns, prominently within the frontoparietal control network and the default mode network. We identified the disease subtypes by analysing, via unsupervised and supervised machine learning, the power-envelope-based connectivity of signals reconstructed from high-density resting-state electroencephalography in four datasets of patients with PTSD and MDD, and show that the subtypes are transferable across independent datasets recorded under different conditions. The subtype whose functional connectivity differed most from those of healthy controls was less responsive to psychotherapy treatment for PTSD and failed to respond to an antidepressant medication for MDD. By contrast, both subtypes responded equally well to two different forms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for MDD. Our data-driven approach may constitute a generalizable solution for connectome-based diagnosis.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: a randomised trial with neurophysiological insight$$$ Objective: Despite high incidence of depression after stroke, few trials have investigated the therapeutic efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Here, we aimed to evaluate clinical benefit of delivering a higher dose of rTMS compared to previous stroke trials. Secondary aims were to document adverse effects and investigate the role of functional connectivity as a potential mechanism of clinical response to rTMS treatment. Methods: Eleven chronic stroke survivors were recruited to a double-blind, Sham-controlled, randomised trial to investigate 10 sessions of high-frequency rTMS for depression. Clinical assessments were obtained at baseline, after treatment and a 1-month follow-up. Adverse events were documented at completion of the treatment. Resting electroencephalography recordings were performed at baseline and after treatment to estimate functional connectivity. Results: There were no differences in baseline characteristics between groups (all p ≥ 0.42). Beck Depression Inventory scores decreased for the Active rTMS group from baseline to 1-month follow-up (p = 0.04), but did not change for the Sham group at post-treatment or follow-up (p ≥ 0.17). Stronger theta frequency functional connectivity between the left frontal cortex and right parietal cortex was associated with lower baseline depression (r = − 0.71, p = 0.05). This network strength increased following Active rTMS, with change in connectivity associated with improvement in BDI scores (r = 0.98, p = 0.001). Adverse events were transient and minor and were not statistically different between groups (p ≥ 0.21). Conclusions: Active rTMS significantly improved depression and was well tolerated. The mechanistic role of theta frequency functional connectivity appears worthy of further investigation. The trial was registered on the Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12619001303134) on September 23, 2019.
Efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for obsessive-compulsive disorder: a randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a frequent, disabling disorder with high rates of treatment resistance. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a safe, tolerable noninvasive neuromodulation therapy with scarce evidence for OCD. This double-blind, randomized, and sham-controlled study investigates the efficacy of tDCS as add-on treatment for treatment-resistant OCD (failure to respond to at least one previous pharmacological treatment). On 20 consecutive weekdays (4 weeks), 43 patients with treatment-resistant OCD underwent 30 min active or sham tDCS sessions, followed by a 8 week follow-up. The cathode was positioned over the supplementary motor area (SMA) and the anode over the left deltoid. The primary outcome was the change in baseline Y-BOCS score at week 12. Secondary outcomes were changes in mood and anxiety and the occurrence of adverse events. Response was evaluated considering percent decrease of baseline Y-BOCS scores and the Improvement subscale of the Clinical Global Impression (CGI-I) between baseline and week 12. Patients that received active tDCS achieved a significant reduction of OCD symptoms than sham, with mean (SD) Y-BOCS score changes of 6.68 (5.83) and 2.84 (6.3) points, respectively (Cohen’s d: 0.62 (0.06–1.18), p = 0.03). We found no between-group differences in responders (four patients in the active tDCS and one in the sham group). Active tDCS of the SMA was not superior to sham in reducing symptoms of depression or anxiety. Patients in both groups reported mild adverse events. Our results suggest that cathodal tDCS over the SMA is an effective add-on strategy in treatment-resistant OCD.
Accelerated brain aging predicts impulsivity and symptom severity in depression$$$ Multiple structural and functional neuroimaging measures vary over the course of the lifespan and can be used to predict chronological age. Accelerated brain aging, as quantified by deviations in the MRI-based predicted age with respect to chronological age, is associated with risk for neurodegenerative conditions, bipolar disorder, and mortality. Whether age-related changes in resting-state functional connectivity are accelerated in major depressive disorder (MDD) is unknown, and, if so, it is unclear if these changes contribute to specific cognitive weaknesses that often occur in MDD. Here, we delineated age-related functional connectivity changes in a large sample of normal control subjects and tested whether brain aging is accelerated in MDD. Furthermore, we tested whether accelerated brain aging predicts individual differences in cognitive function. We trained a support vector regression model predicting age using resting-state functional connectivity in 710 healthy adults aged 18–89. We applied this model trained on normal aging subjects to a sample of actively depressed MDD participants (n = 109). The difference between predicted brain age and chronological age was 2.11 years greater (p = 0.015) in MDD patients compared to control participants. An older MDD brain age was significantly associated with increased impulsivity and, in males, increased depressive severity. Unexpectedly, accelerated brain aging was also associated with increased placebo response in a sham-controlled trial of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation targeting the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex. Our results indicate that MDD is associated with accelerated brain aging, and that accelerated aging is selectively associated with greater impulsivity and depression severity.
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Working Memory Performance and Brain Structure in People With Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: There are currently no approved treatments for working memory deficits in schizophrenia spectrum disorders (SSDs). The objective of the present study was to assess whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in people with SSDs 1) improves working memory deficits and 2) changes brain structure. Methods: We conducted a double-blind, parallel, randomized, sham-controlled study at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health in Toronto, Canada. We randomized 83 participants with SSDs to receive either active 20 Hz rTMS applied to the bilateral DLPFC or sham rTMS for 4 weeks. The participants also completed pre/posttreatment magnetic resonance imaging. Clinical and cognitive assessments were performed at baseline, treatment end, and 1 month later. The primary outcome was change in verbal n-back working memory performance accuracy (d-prime). The secondary outcome measures were change in DLPFC thickness and fractional anisotropy of white matter tracts connecting to the DLPFC. Prespecified exploratory outcome measures were changes in general cognition; positive, negative, and depressive symptoms. Results: Compared with sham treatment, active rTMS did not lead to significant change in working memory performance; it was associated with an increase in right DLPFC thickness but not fractional anisotropy. Prespecified exploratory analysis showed a significant decrease in depressive symptoms in the active group; the decrease in depressive symptoms was correlated with an increase in right DLPFC thickness. Conclusions: Although rTMS applied to the bilateral DLPFC was not efficacious in treating working memory deficits in SSDs, it did increase right DLPFC thickness and decrease depressive symptoms. These findings deserve further study given the lack of efficacy of antidepressant medications in SSDs.
Efficacy of intensive orbitofrontal continuous Theta Burst Stimulation (iOFcTBS) in Obsessive Compulsive Disorder: A Randomized Placebo Controlled Study$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can non-invasively modulate specific brain regions in Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Citing orbito-frontal cortex (OFC) hyper-connectivity with striatum as the most consistent finding implicated in patho-physiologically of OCD, we aimed to study the effect of novel continuous Theta Burst Stimulation (cTBS) targeting OFC in OCD subjects on a randomized placebo control design. Thirty-three patients were randomly allocated to active cTBS (n= 18) and sham (n= 15) groups. They received 10 TBS sessions, 2 per day (total of 1200 pulses; intensive protocol) for 5 days in a week. The Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A), and Clinical Global Impression-Severity (CGI-S) scores were assessed at baseline, after last session and at 2 weeks post-rTMS. On repeated measures-ANOVA, a significant group*time effect (from pretreatment to 2 weeks post TBS) for obsessions, compulsions, HAM-A, HAM-D, and CGI scores was found. But when controlled for confounding variables, only HAM-A scores and CGI effect retained statistical significance. We conclude that intensive OFC cTBS (iOFcTBS) in OCD is well tolerated with clinically significant improvements in anxiety symptoms and global severity. This improvement in anxiety symptoms could be due to modulations of state dependent dysregulation in OCD.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation as a Therapeutic and Probe in Schizophrenia: Examining the Role of Neuroimaging and Future Directions$$$ Schizophrenia is a complex condition associated with perceptual disturbances, decreased motivation and affect, and disrupted cognition. Individuals living with schizophrenia may experience myriad poor outcomes, including impairment in independent living and function as well as decreased life expectancy. Though existing treatments may offer benefit, many individuals still experience treatment resistant and disabling symptoms. In light of the negative outcomes associated with schizophrenia and the limitations in currently available treatments, there is a significant need for novel therapeutic interventions. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique that can modulate the activity of discrete cortical regions, allowing direct manipulation of local brain activation and indirect manipulation of the target’s associated neural networks. rTMS has been studied in schizophrenia for the treatment of auditory hallucinations, negative symptoms, and cognitive deficits, with mixed results. The field’s inability to arrive at a consensus on the use rTMS in schizophrenia has stemmed from a variety of issues, perhaps most notably the significant heterogeneity amongst existing trials. In addition, it is likely that factors specific to schizophrenia, rather than the rTMS itself, have presented barriers to the interpretation of existing results. However, advances in approaches to rTMS as a biologic probe and therapeutic, many of which include the integration of neuroimaging with rTMS, offer hope that this technology may still play a role in improving the understanding and treatment of schizophrenia.
A systematic review of ketamine for the treatment of depression among older adults$$$ Introduction: Depression is the second most prevalent mental health disorder among older adults after anxiety disorders. It effects 7% of the general older population globally 5.6% of US older adults. Suicide rates also increase between ages of 60-90 in both men and women around the world. A large body of literature shows increased association of late life depression with increased morbidity and mortality in this age group. Evidence for depression as a risk factor for physical and cognitive decline that results in lower quality of life and function among older adults underlines the importance of early recognition and prompt treatment of this serious condition. The most common modalities currently used for treatment of late life depression include pharmacotherapy, psychotherapy and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Pharmacotherapy mostly consists of antidepressants targeting the monoaminergic system. Ketamine has recently emerged as a novel, rapid acting option for treatment resistant depression in adults. Ketamine is a N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist, which has been used primarily as an anesthetic since the 1960s. In 1990s preclinical studies demonstrated the role of NMDA receptor antagonists in treatment of depression, which was later confirmed in a pilot clinical study. Berman et al administered subanaesthetic doses of Ketamine (0.5mg/kg) vs. placebo to 7 study participants which resulted in robust decreases in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores within 4 hours of the infusion in all participants. The effect was sustained for 3 days followed by diminution of the scores and relapse of symptoms. This rapid onset anti-depressant effect of ketamine compared to conventional antidepressants attracted considerable interest and these findings have since been reliably replicated in multiple different studies, using different protocols and routes of administration of ketamine. This systematic review evaluates randomized controlled trials completed in the older adult population with depression to appraise the efficacy and tolerability of ketamine specifically in this population. Methods: The authors followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) On November 09, 2019 the authors conducted a comprehensive search of multiple databases: PubMed (through November 09, 2019), MEDLINE (Ovid ALL 1946 to November 08, 2019), Embase (Ovid 1974 to 2019 November 08), PsycINFO (Ovid 1806 to October Week 4 2019), Web of Science Core Collection (through November 09, 2019), and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (Issue 11 of 12, November 2019). The search strategy was filtered for human studies in PubMed, MEDLINE, and Embase using controlled vocabulary terms in the search strategy. On December 13, 2019 an updated search was completed. The search repeated the controlled vocabulary terms and free text terms. Results: A total of 1699 citations were deduplicated to 1005 and uploaded to Covidence for screening by two separate screeners. Two studies were found to meet the inclusion criteria for this review. The first study showed a significant reduction in depression symptoms with use of repeated subcutaneous ketamine administration among older adults with depression. The second study failed to achieve significance on its primary outcome measure but did show a decrease in MADRS scores with intranasal ketamine. This study also showed a higher response and remission rates in esketamine group when compared to the placebo group. Both the studies showed relapse in symptoms after a week of last treatment, but the benefits were better sustained with repeated treatments. The adverse effects from ketamine generally lasted only lasted a few hours and abated spontaneously without any additional intervention. No cognitive adverse effects were noted in either trial from the use of ketamine. Conclusions: The current evidence for use of ketamine among older adults with depression indicates some benefits with one positive and one negative trial. Although one of the trails did not achieve significance on primary outcome measure, it still showed benefit of ketamine in reducing depressive symptoms. Both studies show longer sustenance of antidepressant effects at higher doses and with repeated treatments. One of the studies showed better ketamine efficacy in younger old subjects (65 to 74 years) when compared to older old (³75 years) subjects. Ketamine was well tolerated in both studies with adverse-effects being mild and transient. Additionally, there were no negative cognitive effects of ketamine noted among any of the study participants. Based on the limited current evidence, it is our opinion that ketamine shows some benefit in relieving depressive symptoms in older adults. However, there is dearth of randomized controlled trials and we need more well designed studies to arrive at a reliable conclusion regarding ketamine's benefit in treating depression among older adults. Funding: None
Enhancing Cognition in Older Persons: A Pilot Clinical Trial of Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) and transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS)$$$ Introduction: Low-burden and accessible interventions are needed to prevent cognitive decline in individuals at high-risk for decline. Mindfulness-Based Stress Reduction (MBSR) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are two interventions which can be delivered remotely, improving their reach and scalability. This aim of this study is to assess the feasibility, safety and tolerability of combining MBSR with tDCS, and the preliminary efficacy on improving cognition, mood symptoms, social functioning and mindfulness. Methods: We randomized 26 individuals aged 60 years or older with cognitive complaints and mood symptoms (Active: 12, mean age=68.34, SD=5.88; Sham: 14, mean age=69.04, SD=4.99). All participants completed an 8-week course of MBSR with active or sham tDCS. Participants attended weekly MBSR sessions, and completed daily at-home MBSR with tDCS. Cognition, depression, anxiety, social functioning and everyday mindfulness were assessed before and after treatment. Results: MBSR+tDCS was safe and well-tolerated, though adherence to the interventions was mediocre. Both groups improved in cognition(F(1,20)=17.05, p=0.001) and anxiety(F(1,21)=7.05, p=0.02), with no effect of tDCS (cognition: F(1,20)=1.81, p=0.19); anxiety: F(1,20)=0.04, p=0.84). There was no change in depression or social functioning (p > 0.5). Interestingly, while there was no significant difference between the two groups on everyday mindfulness (F(1,21)=3.68, p=0.07), the effect size of difference between the groups was 0.55, favoring active tDCS. Conclusions: Our findings suggest it is feasible and safe to combine tDCS with MBSR in older depressed and anxious adults, including during remote, at-home use. Active tDCS may facilitate the learning of mindfulness. Future research should focus on improving adherence to MBSR with tDCS and then determining efficacy using larger samples. Funding: This study was supported primarily by the National Institute of Mental Health (R25 MH112473 to Washington University) and the Canadian Institutes of Health Research (Canada Research Chair Grant #: 950-230879 to the University of Toronto). Magstim/Newronika loaned equipment for the project. Additional funding was provided by the Paula J. Clayton MD Hawthorne Foundation Research Award, the Taylor Family Institute for Innovative Psychiatric Research, and the Center for Brain Research in Mood Disorders.
Sustaining Remission of Psychotic Depression: The STOP-PD II Study Treatment Risks and Benefits in Late Life$$$ Psychotic depression (PD) is a severe disorder that may be more common among the older vs. younger adults. The significant morbidity and disability associated with acute episodes of PD can be especially prominent in the elderly. Treatment guidelines recommend either electroconvulsive therapy or the combination of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications for the acute treatment of PD. However, little is known about the risks and benefits of antipsychotic medication during continuation and maintenance treatment. Premature discontinuation of antipsychotic medication carries the potential risk of early relapse of a severe and potentially lethal disorder. Conversely, the continuation of antipsychotic medication can expose a patient to known adverse effects, such as weight gain and metabolic disturbance, extrapyramidal symptoms and potential impact on brain structure and connectivity. For this symposium, we will first review the epidemiology of PD, its clinical presentation, diagnostic challenges, as well as controversies in treatment with special emphasize on the difference between older vs. younger patients. Then, we will report the results of a NIMH-funded, multicenter randomized placebo-controlled trial (STOP-PD II) that assessed the risks and benefits of continuing antipsychotic medication in 126 adults with PD once the episode of depression had responded to treatment with an antidepressant (sertraline) and an antipsychotic (olanzapine). Notably, 42.9% (n=54) of study participants were aged 60+ years. Finally, we will present the findings of a separate NIMH-funded study that examined the effects of olanzapine vs. placebo on brain structure and connectivity in a subset of STOP-PD II participants using magnetic resonance imaging – this is the first placebo-controlled RCT to examine the effects of antipsychotic medication on brain structure and connectivity in humans. For both studies, differences in outcomes between older adults and younger adults will be highlighted.
The use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) following traumatic brain injury (TBI): A scoping review$$$ There is continued interest in developing effective and innovative treatment approaches to manage and improve outcomes after traumatic brain injury (TBI). Included in this, is the potential use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a neuromodulatory tool currently recommended by the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence as a treatment for depression. This review considers the application of rTMS after TBI, focussing on its therapeutic efficacy for a broad range of sequalae, whether an optimal and safe rTMS protocol can be determined, and recommendations for future clinical and research work. Five research databases (MEDLINE, CINAHL, PsychINFO, SCOPUS, and Web of Science) were electronically searched, identifying 30 empirical studies (single and multiple subject case reports; randomized controlled trials) for the full review. Evidence suggests that rTMS has the potential to be an efficacious therapeutic intervention for multiple symptoms after TBI, including depression, dizziness, central pain, and visual neglect. However, the picture is less encouraging for prolonged disorders of consciousness and mixed for cognitive outcomes. Overall, rTMS was well-tolerated by patients, although some incidents of side effects and seizures have been reported. Recommendations are made for more comprehensive guidelines and sufficient reporting of rTMS parameters and procedures.
Diagnosing and treating major depressive episodes that lie along the mood disorders spectrum: Focus on depression with mixed features$$$ Growing evidence indicates that historical descriptions of mixed depression - broadly defined as major depressive episodes with subthreshold manic or hypomanic (hypo/manic) symptoms - are incredibly clinically relevant in this day-and-age. However, the first operational definition of mixed depression did not occur in the modern nomenclature until 2013 with publication of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th Edition (DSM-5), and there has not been enough time to evaluate these criteria empirically. Thus, the most valid operational definition of a mixed depressive episode is still unknown, widely accepted treatment guidelines are not available, and no treatment has regulatory approval for mixed depression - whether associated with bipolar I disorder, bipolar II disorder, or major depressive disorder. This is despite seven drugs having regulatory indications for mixed episodes, defined as the co-occurrence of syndromal depression and syndromal mania, and now recognized as mania with mixed features by DSM-5. Indeed, we found only two randomized, placebo-controlled trials in patients with protocol defined mixed depression, one with ziprasidone and one with lurasidone. Both studies were positive, suggesting treatment with second-generation antipsychotics may be helpful for mixed depressive episodes associated with bipolar II or unipolar disorder. We found no randomized control trial of antidepressant monotherapy in mixed depression and many clinical reports that such treatment may worsen mixed depression Randomized, placebo-controlled trials of antidepressants, antipsychotics, and mood stabilizers - alone and in combination - in individuals with carefully defined mixed depression are needed before firm treatment guidelines can be produced.
Combination therapy of transcranial magnetic stimulation with ketamine for patients with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a safe, effective and non-invasive treatment for many psychiatric illnesses, including treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Ketamine, an NMDA receptor antagonist, is also an effective antidepressant. This retrospective review examined the clinical benefits of combining these two established treatments for patients suffering from TRD in a novel approach coined combination TMS with ketamine (CTK). Methods.Agroup of 28 adult patients with a primary diagnosis of unipolar (n=18) or bipolar (n=10) depression received three CTK treatments a week at a private neuropsychiatric practice. Patients were given a concurrent treatment of rTMS (1Hz; 40 minutes; 130% of motor threshold) with bio-marker-determined IV ketamine infusions (0.2-4.7 mg/kg; 30 minutes). The TMS coil was positioned on the mid-prefrontal area. Frequency of treatment was dependent on patient responsiveness (10-30 sessions), which was measured as symptom reduction on the Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scale. CGI data was evaluated pre-treatment, post-treatment and at two-year follow-up. Results. Mean reduction in CGI severity for the patient group following CTK was 4.46 ± 0.54 at a 99% confidence interval and was deemed statistically significant using a paired t-test (a=0.01, t=22.81, p < 0.0001). This significant reduction in CGI severity was sustained for at least 2 years following treatment completion. Conclusions. Despite years of unsuccessful treatments, all 28 patients in this trial obtained substantial and enduring reductions in their depressive symptoms followingCTKtherapy. Further research into method optimization and randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Long-term efficacy and safety of deutetrabenazine for chorea in huntington's disease: results from the arc-hd open-label study$$$ Background. Chorea is a prominent motor dysfunction in Huntington's disease (HD). Deutetrabenazine, a vesicular monoamine transporter 2 (VMAT2) inhibitor, is FDA-approved for the treatment of chorea in HD. In the pivotal, 12-week First-HD trial, deutetrabenazine treatment reduced the Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale (UHDRS) total maximal chorea (TMC) score versus placebo. ARC-HD, an open-label extension study, evaluated long-term safety and efficacy of deutetrabenazine dosed in a response-driven manner for treatment of HD chorea. Methods. Patients who completed First-HD (Rollover) and patients who converted overnight from a stable dose of tetrabenazine (Switch) were included. Safety was assessed over the entire treatment period; exposure-adjusted incidence rates (EAIRs; adverse events [AEs] per person-year) were calculated. A stable, post-titration time point of 8 weeks was chosen for efficacy analyses. Results. Of 119 patients enrolled (Rollover, n=82; Switch, n=37), 100 (84%) completed ≥1 year of treatment (mean [SD] follow-up, 119 [48] weeks). End of study EAIRs for patients in the Rollover and Switch cohorts, respectively, were: any AE, 2.6 and 4.3; serious AEs, 0.13 and 0.14; AEs leading to dose suspension, 0.05 and 0.04. Overall, 68% and 73% of patients in Rollover and Switch, respectively, experienced a study drug-related AE. Most common AEs possibly related to study drug were somnolence (17% Rollover; 27% Switch), depression (23%; 19%), anxiety (9%; 11%), insomnia (10%; 8%), and akathisia (9%; 14%). Rates of AEs of interest include suicidality (9%; 3%) and parkinsonism (6%; 11%). In both cohorts, mean UHDRS TMC score and total motor score (TMS) decreased from baseline to Week 8; mean (SD) change in TMC score (units) was -4.4 (3.1) and -2.1 (3.3) and change in TMS was -7.1 (7.3) and -2.4 (8.7) in Rollover and Switch, respectively. While receiving stable dosing from Week 8 to 132 (or end of treatment), patients showed minimal change in TMC score (0.9 [5.0]), but TMS increased compared to Week 8 (9.0 [11.3]). Upon drug withdrawal, there were no remarkable AEs and TMC scores increased 4.4 (3.7) units compared to end of treatment. Conclusions. The type and severity of AEs observed in long-term deutetrabenazine exposure are consistent with the previous study. Efficacy in reducing chorea persisted over time. There was no unexpected worsening of HD or chorea associated with HD upon deutetrabenazine withdrawal.
EEG and ECG based response predictors in depression: Time for personalised medicine or treatment stratification?$$$ In depression (MDD) treatment there is a clear need for novel treatments, biomarkers and individualized treatment approaches. One of the most promising and most widely investigated biomarkers for antidepressant treatments is the EEG. Most EEG biomarkers however, still lack robustness and reproducibility and suffer significant publication bias as highlighted in a recent meta-analysis (Widge et al., 2018). Therefore, large controlled validation studies are needed with a focus on robustness, replication and clinical relevance. In this presentation resultswill be presented from the largest EEG Biomarker study to date, the international Study to Predict Optimized Treatment in Depression (iSPOT-D), where 1008 MDD patients were randomized to Escitalopram, Sertraline and Venlafaxine. Drug-class specific (Arns et al., 2016) and drug-specific (Arns, Gordon & Boutros, 2015) biomarkers will be highlighted as well as preliminary data from a prospective feasibility trial. Furthermore, data will be presented on repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) treatment in MDD on EEG and clinical predictors (Krepel et al., 2018; 2019) and a new method called Neuro-Cardiac-Guided TMS (NCG TMS), that exploits network connectivity in the frontal vagal pathway, as a target engagement approach (Iseger et al., 2019). Finally, clinical implications and implementations will be discussed from a 'treatment stratification' perspective, which might be a more realistic goal relative to 'personalized medicine' perspective.
Effect of add-on cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (c-TDCS) over pre-supplementary motor area (pre-SMA) in patients with obsessive compulsive disorder: A randomized sham controlled study$$$ Introduction: Patients with OCD often show unsatisfactory response to first-line treatment, giving rise to a need for novel therapeutic approaches. Recent studies using tDCS for OCD treatment have shown promise. Objectives: To assess efficacy and safety of add-on c-tDCS over pre-SMA compared to sham stimulation in patients with OCD. Methods: In this double-blinded study, fourteen patients with OCD were randomized to receive 10 sessions of either active (Cathode over pre-SMA, anode over right deltoid, 2mA, 20 minutes per session, 2 sessions per day, 2 hours apart) or sham tDCS. YBOCS, HAM-D, HAM-A, CGI, Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST), and Stroop Test were administered at baseline, posttDCS, and 1 month post-tDCS. Results: Group-time interaction effect for YBOCS scores with Repeated Measures ANOVA was not statistically significant, however, reduction in scores in active group was higher, with large effect size (YBOCS scores: Obsessions-ηp 2=.344, Compulsions-ηp 2= .384, Total-ηp 2=.392) (Fig.1 & 2). At 1 month, 42.9% patients in active group and none in sham group showed response. CGI-S score (p=0.016, ηp 2=.531) (Fig. 3) and four parameters of WCST (Perseverative responses:p=0.038, ηp 2=.448;Percent perseverative responses:p=0.026, ηp 2=.485;Percent perseverative errors:p=0.038, ηp 2=.447;Trials to complete first category:p=0.011, ηp 2=.563) significantly reduced in active group. No significant difference in change in depressive and anxiety symptoms between groups, or change in Stroop Test performance was noted. Adverse effects included transient headache and tingling sensation. Conclusions: Cathodal tDCS over pre-SMA may be effective in reduction of obsessions, compulsions, illness severity, and enhancing cognitive flexibility in patients with OCD, with no major adverse effects. Larger studies are required to confirm these findings.
Effect of electrode placement on speed of response to ECT$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can be rapidly effective in treating severe depression. Right unilateral (RUL) or bitemporal (BT) electrode placement may affect the speed of ECT effectiveness although our current understanding of demographic and clinical factors for predicting predict speed of response and remission with ECTis limited.We investigated differences in improvement speed and also time to achieving response and remission criteria between briefpulse moderate-dose (1.5 x seizure threshold) BT ECT and high-dose (6 x seizure threshold) RUL ECT. Additionally, we explored the influence of demographic and clinical characteristics. Methods: Se analysed weekly 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores obtained from severely depressed patients participating in the EFFECT-Dep trial (ISRCTN23577151). Improvement speeds in patients treated randomly with a course of either BT (n = 69) or RUL ECT (n = 69) were compared using independent sample t-tests. Weekly proportions of responders and remitters were compared using chi-square tests. Cox regression analyses were used to explore predictors of speed to achieve response and remission status. Results: Se found no differences between RUL and BT ECT in speed of improvement or time to achieve response or remission. Exploratory analyses indicated that a wide variety of demographic and clinical features did not serve to predict speed of response and remission to ECT. Conclusion: Electrode placement did not substantially influence speed of improvement, response and remission with twice-weekly brief-pulse ECT. Minimising the cognitive side-effects of ECT may be of more relevance when choosing between BT and RUL electrode placement for ECT.
Modulating Inhibitory Control Processes Using Individualized High Definition Theta Transcranial Alternating Current Stimulation (HD θ-tACS) of the Anterior Cingulate and Medial Prefrontal Cortex$$$ Increased frontal midline theta activity generated by the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) is induced by conflict processing in the medial frontal cortex (MFC). There is evidence that theta band transcranial alternating current stimulation (θ-tACS) modulates ACC function and alters inhibitory control performance during neuromodulation. Multi-electric (256 electrodes) high definition θ-tACS (HD θ-tACS) using computational modeling based on individual MRI allows precise neuromodulation targeting of the ACC via the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC), and optimizes the required current density with a minimum impact on the rest of the brain. We therefore tested whether the individualized electrode montage of HD θ-tACS with the current flow targeted to the mPFC-ACC compared with a fixed montage (non-individualized) induces a higher post-modulatory effect on inhibitory control. Twenty healthy subjects were randomly assigned to a sequence of three HD θ-tACS conditions (individualized mPFC-ACC targeting; non-individualized MFC targeting; and a sham) in a double-blind cross-over study. Changes in the Visual Simon Task, Stop Signal Task, CPT III, and Stroop test were assessed before and after each session. Compared with non-individualized θ-tACS, the individualized HD θ-tACS significantly increased the number of interference words and the interference score in the Stroop test. The changes in the non-verbal cognitive tests did not induce a parallel effect. This is the first study to examine the influence of individualized HD θ-tACS targeted to the ACC on inhibitory control performance. The proposed algorithm represents a well-tolerated method that helps to improve the specificity of neuromodulation targeting of the ACC.
Determining the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on tinnitus and tinnitus-related outcomes: Protocol for a systematic review$$$ Introduction Tinnitus is the awareness of a sound in the ear or head in the absence of an external source. It affects around 10%-15% of people. About 20% of people with tinnitus also experience symptoms such as depression or anxiety that negatively affect their life. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a technique involving constant low-intensity direct current delivered via electrodes on the head. It is postulated to modulate (suppress or enhance) neural activity in the region between electrodes. As such, it represents a potential treatment option for tinnitus, as well as comorbid depression or anxiety. This systematic review will estimate the effects of tDCS on outcomes relevant to tinnitus. In addition, it will determine whether there is any relationship between stimulation parameters (electrode montage, current intensity, and length and frequency of stimulation sessions) and the effect of tDCS on these outcomes. Methods and analysis Electronic searches for peer-reviewed journal articles will be performed in the Cochrane Register of Studies online (the Cochrane Ear, Nose and Throat Disorders Group Register and CENTRAL, current issue), PubMed, EMBASE, CINAHL, LILACS, KoreaMed, IndMed, PakMediNet, CNKI, AMED, PsycINFO, Web of Science, ClinicalTrials.gov, ICTRP and Google Scholar using the following search terms: transcranial Direct Current Stimulation OR tDCS AND tinnitus OR depression OR anxiety OR quality of life OR adverse effects OR neurophys∗. Searches were not limited by date. Methods are reported according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses Protocols (PRISMA-P). Randomised controlled trials will be included if they report at least one of the following outcomes: tinnitus symptom severity, anxiety or depression as measured by relevant validated instruments. Where available, data on quality of life, adverse effects and neurophysiological changes will also be reviewed. In addition to an analysis of the effect of each parameter, an analysis will be performed to uncover any interactions between parameters. Where appropriate, meta-analyses will be performed. Ethics and dissemination This systematic review will make use of secondary data only. As no data will be obtained from participants directly, ethical approval has not been sought. No other ethical issues are foreseen. Findings will be submitted for peer-reviewed publication and presented at academic conferences. The results of this review will inform future research. PROSPERO registration number CRD42020185567.
Systemic Review on Transcranial Electrical Stimulation Parameters and EEG/fNIRS Features for Brain Diseases$$$ Background: Brain disorders are gradually becoming the leading cause of death worldwide. However, the lack of knowledge of brain disease’s underlying mechanisms and ineffective neuropharmacological therapy have led to further exploration of optimal treatments and brain monitoring techniques. Objective: This study aims to review the current state of brain disorders, which utilize transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) and daily usable noninvasive neuroimaging techniques. Furthermore, the second goal of this study is to highlight available gaps and provide a comprehensive guideline for further investigation. Method: A systematic search was conducted of the PubMed and Web of Science databases from January 2000 to October 2020 using relevant keywords. Electroencephalography (EEG) and functional near-infrared spectroscopy were selected as noninvasive neuroimaging modalities. Nine brain disorders were investigated in this study, including Alzheimer’s disease, depression, autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, epilepsy, Parkinson’s disease, stroke, schizophrenia, and traumatic brain injury. Results: Sixty-seven studies (1,385 participants) were included for quantitative analysis. Most of the articles (82.6%) employed transcranial direct current stimulation as an intervention method with modulation parameters of 1 mA intensity (47.2%) for 16–20 min (69.0%) duration of stimulation in a single session (36.8%). The frontal cortex (46.4%) and the cerebral cortex (47.8%) were used as a neuroimaging modality, with the power spectrum (45.7%) commonly extracted as a quantitative EEG feature. Conclusion: An appropriate stimulation protocol applying tES as a therapy could be an effective treatment for cognitive and neurological brain disorders. However, the optimal tES criteria have not been defined; they vary across persons and disease types. Therefore, future work needs to investigate a closed-loop tES with monitoring by neuroimaging techniques to achieve personalized therapy for brain disorders.
Effects of tDCS during inhibitory control training on performance and PTSD, aggression and anxiety symptoms: a randomized-controlled trial in a military sample$$$ BACKGROUND: Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), anxiety, and impulsive aggression are linked to transdiagnostic neurocognitive deficits. This includes impaired inhibitory control over inappropriate responses. Prior studies showed that inhibitory control can be improved by modulating the right inferior frontal gyrus (IFG) with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in combination with inhibitory control training. However, its clinical potential remains unclear. We therefore aimed to replicate a tDCS-enhanced inhibitory control training in a clinical sample and test whether this reduces stress-related mental health symptoms. METHODS: In a preregistered double-blind randomized-controlled trial, 100 active-duty military personnel and post-active veterans with PTSD, anxiety, or impulsive aggression symptoms underwent a 5-session intervention where a stop-signal response inhibition training was combined with anodal tDCS over the right IFG for 20 min at 1.25 mA. Inhibitory control was evaluated with the emotional go/no-go task and implicit association test. Stress-related symptoms were assessed by self-report at baseline, post-intervention, and after 3-months and 1-year follow-ups. RESULTS: Active relative to sham tDCS neither influenced performance during inhibitory control training nor on assessment tasks, and did also not significantly influence self-reported symptoms of PTSD, anxiety, impulsive aggression, or depression at post-assessment or follow-up. CONCLUSIONS: Our results do not support the idea that anodal tDCS over the right IFG at 1.25 mA enhances response inhibition training in a clinical sample, or that this tDCS-training combination can reduce stress-related symptoms. Applying different tDCS parameters or combining tDCS with more challenging tasks might provide better conditions to modulate cognitive functioning and stress-related symptoms.
Efficacy of Active vs Sham Intermittent Theta Burst Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Patients with Bipolar Depression: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Major depressive episodes in bipolar disorder are common and debilitating. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is well established in the treatment of major depressive disorder, and the intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) protocol is replacing conventional protocols because of noninferiority and reduced delivery time. However, iTBS has not been adequately studied in bipolar disorder and, therefore, its efficacy is uncertain. Objective: To determine whether iTBS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) is safe and efficacious in the treatment of acute bipolar depression. Design, Setting, and Participants: This study was a double-blind, 4-week, randomized clinical trial of iTBS targeting the LDLPFC. Two Canadian academic centers recruited patients between 2016 and 2020. Adults with bipolar disorder type I or type II experiencing an acute major depressive episode were eligible if they had not benefited from a first-line treatment for acute bipolar depression recommended by the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments and were currently treated with a mood stabilizer, an atypical antipsychotic, or their combination. Seventy-one participants were assessed for eligibility, and 37 were randomized to daily sham iTBS or active iTBS using a random number sequence, stratified according to current pharmacotherapy. Data analysis was performed from April to September 2020. Interventions: Four weeks of daily active iTBS (120% resting motor threshold) or sham iTBS to the LDLPFC. Nonresponders were eligible for 4 weeks of open-label iTBS. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary outcome was the change in score on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale from baseline to study end. Secondary outcomes included clinical response, remission, and treatment-emergent mania or hypomania. Results: The trial was terminated for futility after 37 participants (23 women [62%]; mean [SD] age, 43.86 [13.87] years; age range, 20-68 years) were randomized, 19 to sham iTBS and 18 to active iTBS. There were no significant differences in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale score changes (least squares mean difference between groups, -1.36 [95% CI, -8.92 to 6.19; P =.91] in favor of sham iTBS), and rates of clinical response were low in both the double-blind phase (3 of 19 participants [15.8%] in the sham iTBS group and 3 of 18 participants [16.7%] in the active iTBS group) and open-label phase (5 of 21 participants [23.8%]). One active iTBS participant had a treatment emergent hypomania, and a second episode occurred during open-label treatment. Conclusions and Relevance: iTBS targeting the LDLPFC is not efficacious in the treatment of acute bipolar depression in patients receiving antimanic or mood stabilizing agents. Additional research is required to understand how transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment protocols differ in efficacy between unipolar and bipolar depression. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02749006.
Effects of tDCS on neuroplasticity and inflammatory biomarkers in bipolar depression: Results from a sham-controlled study$$$ Objectives: We investigated the role of peripheral biomarkers associated with neuroplasticity and immune-inflammatory processes on the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a safe, affordable, and portable non-invasive neuromodulatory treatment, in bipolar depression. Methods: This is an exploratory analysis using a dataset from the sham-controlled study the Bipolar Depression Electrical Treatment Trial (BETTER)(clinicaltrials.gov NCT02152878). Participants were 52 adults with type I or II bipolar disorder in a moderate-to-severe depressive episode, randomized to 12 bifrontal active or sham tDCS sessions over a 6-week treatment course. Plasma levels of brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), glial cell derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), interleukins (IL) 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 18, 33, 1β, 12p70, 17a, interferon gamma (IFN), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNF) and its soluble receptors 1 and 2, ST2, and KLOTHO were investigated at baseline and endpoint. We performed analyses unadjusted for multiple testing to evaluate whether baseline biomarkers were predictive for depression improvement and changed during treatment using linear regression models. Results: A time x group interaction (Cohen's d: -1.16, 95% CI = −1.96 to −0.3, p =.005) was found for IL-8, with greater reductions after active tDCS. Higher baseline IL-6 plasma levels was associated with symptomatic improvement after tDCS (F(1,43) = 5.43; p =.025). Other associations were not significant. Conclusions: Our exploratory findings suggested that IL-6 is a potential predictor of tDCS response and IL-8 might decrease after tDCS; although confirmatory studies are warranted due to the multiplicity of comparisons.
Efficacy and tolerability of theta-burst stimulation for major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is the current treatment option for major depression (MD). Theta-burst stimulation (TBS), a variation of rTMS, affords a short stimulation duration, low stimulation pulse intensity, and possibility to improve rTMS efficiency. This systematic review and meta-analysis examined the studies on efficacy and tolerability of TBS in patients with MD. Methods: This study followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. We searched the literature from 1990 until May 24, 2020, and performed a random-effects meta-analysis by including response and remission rates of depression and dropout rates as main outcome measures. Results: In total, 10 studies including 6 randomized controlled trials (RCTs; n = 294) and 4 uncontrolled clinical trials (non-RCTs; n = 297) were included. The overall effect size of response rate and remission rates were 0.38 (95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.29–0.48) and 0.20 (95% CI: 0.13–0.29), respectively. Notably, the TBS group showed favorable efficacy without major adverse events. Conclusions: TBS treatment was more efficient in terms of time and energy than the standard rTMS was. Our meta-analysis provided evidence that the application of TBS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is associated with significant antidepressant effects along with favorable tolerability.
A randomized controlled trial on the efficacy of life review therapy targeting incurably ill cancer patients: do their informal caregivers benefit?$$$ Purpose: Investigate whether Life Review Therapy and Memory Specificity Training (LRT-MST) targeting incurably ill cancer patients may also have a beneficial effect on caregiving burden, symptoms of anxiety and depression, and posttraumatic growth of the informal caregivers. Methods: Data was collected in the context of a randomized controlled trial (RCT) (secondary analyses) on the effect of LRT-MST among incurably cancer patients. Informal caregivers of participating patients were asked to complete outcome measures at baseline (T0), post-intervention (T1), and 1-month follow-up (T2): caregiver burden (caregivers reaction assessment scale (CRA)), symptoms of anxiety and depression (hospital anxiety and depression scale), and posttraumatic growth (posttraumatic growth inventory). Linear mixed models (intention to treat) were used to assess group differences in changes over time. Effect size and independent samples t tests were used to assess group differences at T1 and T2. Results: In total, 64 caregivers participated. At baseline, 56% of the caregivers experienced anxiety and 30% depression. No significant effect was found on these symptoms nor on posttraumatic growth or most aspects of caregiver burden. There was a significant effect of LRT-MST on the course of self-esteem (subscale CRA) (p = 0.013). Effect size was moderate post-intervention (ES = − 0.38, p = 0.23) and at 3-month follow-up (ES = 0.53, p = 0.083). Conclusions: Many caregivers of incurably ill cancer patients experience symptoms of anxiety and depression. LRT-MST does not improve symptoms of depression and anxiety, negative aspects of caregiver burden, or posttraumatic growth. LRT-MST may have a protective effect on self-esteem of informal caregivers (positive aspect of caregiver burden). Trial registration number: Netherlands Trial Register (NTR 2256), registered on 23-3-2010.
A Preliminary Study of Adjunctive Nonconvulsive Electrotherapy for Treatment-Refractory Depression$$$ Nonconvulsive electrotherapy (NET) defined as electrical brain stimulation administered like standard electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), but below seizure threshold, could be effective for patients with treatment-refractory depression (TRD) with fewer adverse neurocognitive outcomes. However, there is a lack of studies in Chinese patients with TRD. Thus, this study was conducted to examine the efficacy and safety of adjunctive NET for Chinese patients with TRD. Twenty TRD patients were enrolled and underwent six NET treatments. Depressive symptoms, response, and remission were assessed with the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) at baseline and after 1, 3, and 6 NET treatments. Neurocognitive function was assessed by the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) at baseline and after the completion of six NET treatments. Mean HAMD-17 scores declined significantly from 26.2 to 10.4 (p < 0.001) after post-NET. The rates of response and remission were 60.0% (95% CI: 36.5–83.5) and 10.0% (95% CI: 0–24.4), respectively. Neurocognitive performance improved following a course of NET. No significant association was found between changes in depressive symptoms and baseline neurocognitive function. Adjunctive NET appeared to be effective for patients with TRD, without adverse neurocognitive effects. Randomized controlled studies were warranted to confirm these findings.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on anxiety symptoms in patients with major depression: An analysis from the THREE-D trial$$$ Background: Despite the advances in the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), there is relatively little information about its effect on comorbid anxiety symptoms. Methods: Data from a large randomized noninferiority trial comparing intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) and high-frequency (10 Hz) rTMS delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (HFL) were analyzed. The primary aim was assessing changes in anxiety/somatization items from the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and the Brief Symptom Inventory (BSI-A), using baseline-adjusted change with an analysis of covariance (ANCOVA), with the final scores as the outcome and baseline scores as the adjustment covariates. Results: The analytical cohort comprised 388 participants (189 in HFL and 199 in iTBS groups). From baseline to the end of the rTMS course, the combined score from the anxiety items from the HAM-D dropped from 7.43 (SD = 2.15) to 4.24 (SD = 2.33) in the HFL group, and 7.33 (SD = 2.13) to 3.76 (SD = 2.23) in the iTBS group. The ANCOVA resulted in an effect from time (p <.0001), but not from group allocation (p =.793) or time × group interaction (p =.976). We observed mean changes in the BSI-A of −3.5 (SD = 5.4) and −3.2 (SD = 4.8), with significant effect of time (p <.0001) in the ANCOVA, but not group allocation (p =.793) or group × time interaction (.664). Conclusions: Our findings suggest that both 10 Hz and iTBS may yield potential reductions in anxiety symptoms when used for the treatment of MDD. Our findings warrant future research into the effects of left-sided rTMS on depressed patients struggling with concurrent anxiety symptoms.
Distinct trajectories of response to prefrontal tDCS in major depression: results from a 3-arm randomized controlled trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a safe, effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). While antidepressant effects are heterogeneous, no studies have investigated trajectories of tDCS response. We characterized distinct improvement trajectories and associated baseline characteristics for patients treated with prefrontal tDCS, an active pharmacotherapy (escitalopram), and placebo. This is a secondary analysis of a randomized, non-inferiority, double-blinded trial (ELECT-TDCS, N = 245). Participants were diagnosed with an acute unipolar, nonpsychotic, depressive episode, and presented Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (17-items, HAM-D) scores ≥17. Latent trajectory modeling was used to identify HAM-D response trajectories over a 10-week treatment. Top-down (hypothesis-driven) and bottom-up (data-driven) methods were employed to explore potential predictive features using, respectively, conservatively corrected regression models and a cross-validated stability ranking procedure combined with elastic net regularization. Three trajectory classes that were distinct in response speed and intensity (rapid, slow, and no/minimal improvement) were identified for escitalopram, tDCS, and placebo. Differences in response and remission rates were significant early for all groups. Depression severity, use of benzodiazepines, and age were associated with no/minimal improvement. No significant differences in trajectory assignment were found in tDCS vs. placebo comparisons (38.3, 34, and 27.6%; vs. 23.3, 43.3, and 33.3% for rapid, slow, and no/minimal trajectories, respectively). Additional features are suggested in bottom-up analyses. Summarily, groups treated with tDCS, escitalopram, and placebo differed in trajectory class distributions and baseline predictors of response. Our results might be relevant for designing further studies.
Right unilateral versus bilateral formula-based electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression in elderly patients: a randomised, open label, pilot controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the most effective treatment of depression in the elderly population; however, it is still unclear which type of ECT is most beneficial in this population. The aims of this study were: (i) to assess the feasibility of a randomised controlled trial in elderly depressed patients treated with right unilateral (RUL) or fronto-temporal bilateral (BT) formula-based ECT; (ii) to compare formula-based RUL and BT ECT in terms of efficacy, safety and tolerability in this population. Methods: The study lasted 3 years and managed to randomise 29 patients over 65 years old to receive either BT (n = 14) or RUL (n = 15) ECT. Brief pulse width (0.5 ms) and age-based dosing method were applied. The clinical efficacy was assessed using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, somatic state was monitored throughout the ECT course. In neuropsychological examination general cognitive performance, executive functions, verbal fluency, memory, autobiographical memory were evaluated. Results: The recruitment was poor due to small number of patients able to give informed consent. ECT proved to be a highly effective and safe method of treatment among elders. Formula-based RUL ECT did not differ from BT in antidepressant efficacy and had cognitive advantages - the indices of general cognitive performance, verbal fluency and memory were significantly better than before the treatment in the RUL group. Decline in retrieval consistency of autobiographical memory was more pronounced in the BT group, although it was observed across both groups. Conclusions: Formula-based RUL ECT might not differ from BT in antidepressant efficacy and has an advantage in terms of tolerability.
Post-stroke depression: Chaos to exposition$$$ Cerebral ischemia contributes to significant disabilities worldwide, impairing cognitive function and motor coordination in affected individuals. Stroke has severe neuropsychological outcomes, the major one being a stroke. Stroke survivors begin to show symptoms of depression within a few months of the incidence that overtime progresses to become a long-term ailment. As the pathophysiology for the progression of the disease is multifactorial and complex, it limits the understanding of the disease mechanism completely. Meta-analyses and randomized clinical trials have shown that intervening early with tricyclic antidepressants and selective serotonin receptor inhibitors can be effective. However, these pharmacotherapies possess several limitations that have given rise to newer approaches such as brain stimulation, psychotherapy and rehabilitation therapy, which in today's time are gaining attention for their beneficial results in post-stroke depression (PSD). The present review highlights numerous factors like lesion location, inflammatory mediators and genetic abnormalities that play a crucial role in the development of depression in stroke patients. Further, we have also discussed various mechanisms involved in post-stroke depression (PSD) and strategies for early detection and diagnosis using biomarkers that may revolutionize treatment for the affected population. Towards the end, along with the preclinical scenario, we have also discussed the various treatment approaches like pharmacotherapy, traditional medicines, psychotherapy, electrical stimulation and microRNAs being utilized for effectively managing PSD.
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Multicomponent Therapy in Patients With Fibromyalgia: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a chronic painful condition partly due to alterations in pain modulation by the central nervous system. Multicomponent therapy (MT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have both been reported as pain modulators in patients with FM. The aim of this study was to compare the effects of rTMS on pain with a combination of MT and rTMS versus MT alone. Methods: Thirty-nine FM patients with visual analog scale (VAS) results for pain of ≥40 mm were randomized to active or sham rTMS (high-frequency, primary motor cortex M1) plus 12 weeks of MT (3 sessions per week combining aerobic training, pool-based exercises, and relaxation). Repetitive TMS was started 2 weeks prior to MT and maintained until the end of the program (week 14). Assessments were achieved at baseline, at week 14, and at 6 months (week 40) after completion of the program. The main criterion was pain reduction, as assessed by the weekly mean self-reported level of pain (reported daily). Secondary outcomes were cardiorespiratory fitness (graded maximal exercise test), cardiac autonomic adaptations, and FM impact (using scales for FM impact, depression, sleep efficiency, and pain catastrophizing). Results: The reduction of the weekly mean of pain reported daily did not differ significantly between groups (using repeated measures of analysis of variance [ANOVA]). Two-way ANOVAs showed that pain VAS results, as well as cardiorespiratory fitness, quality of life, depression, and catastrophizing, improved significantly at week 14 and remained stable until week 40. Neither cardiac autonomic adaptations nor sleep efficiency changed significantly. Conclusion: Repetitive TMS did not reduce pain in patients with FM who followed the MT program.
Impact of bifrontal transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on decision-making and stress reactivity. A pilot study$$$ Stress is an adaptive response with repercussions on the human health. The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is thought to be involved in stress regulation by contributing to limit its biological and behavioral pejorative consequences. Here, to investigate the contribution of the DLPFC in stress response, we applied transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) over the DLPFC during acute stress exposure in healthy participants. We hypothesized that active tDCS compared to sham would impact top-down control of the DLPFC on goal-directed behavior and hypothalamo–pituitary–adrenal (HPA) axis activity. In a double-blind sham-controlled study, 30 healthy subjects were randomly allocated to receive either active (2 mA, n = 15) or sham tDCS (n = 15) with the anode over the left DLPFC and the cathode over the right DLFPC. During the 30-min stimulation period, participants faced an experimental acute stress paradigm. Changes in goal-directed behavior were measured with a decision-making task. HPA axis reactivity was assessed by repeated measures of salivary cortisol. Acute stress decreased appetite for immediate reward in the sham group (mean - 4.40%; p = 0.017) whereas no significant effect of stress was observed in the active group. During stress exposure, we observed a significant larger elevation of salivary cortisol (p = 0.045; Cohen's d = 0.431) in the sham tDCS group (+179.8%; Standard error of the mean (SEM) = 20.6) than in the active group (+138.5%; SEM = 14.2). Stimulating the DLPFC using bifrontal tDCS may prevent stress-induced acute effects on both biological and behavioral outcomes.
The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on emotional processing in apathetic patients with Parkinson's disease: A Placebo-controlled ERP study$$$ Background: : Few studies have examined the effect of rTMS on impaired emotional processing in apathetic Parkinson's disease (PD) patients, which impelled us to use a combination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with event-related potentials (ERPs) to gain insight into the underlying mechanisms. Methods: : Apathetic and non-apathetic patients diagnosed with PD performed a facial emotion categorization task, and ERP data were collected before and after HF-rTMS or sham stimulation over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). We observed the behavioural results and early components of P100 and N170. Results: : After rTMS, accuracy (ACC) was higher for negative expressions, and reaction times (RTs) were shorter for all expressions in both apathetic and non-apathetic patients. P100 amplitudes significantly increased except for negative expressions in the right hemisphere, and hemisphere lateralization was reversed in apathetic patients. P100 amplitudes increased for all expressions bilaterally in non-apathetic patients. N170 amplitudes in apathetic patients increased, and hemisphere lateralization was normalized. Neither the apathetic sham group nor the non-apathetic cohort of patients showed changes in P100 or N170 lateralization. Limitations: : The effects of rTMS on PD patients relative to normal subjects should be compared and observed over a long period of time. Conclusions: : HF-rTMS over the right DLPFC is beneficial for emotional processing in both apathetic and non-apathetic PD patients but shows different sensitivities. The effect of rTMS on emotional processing impairments in apathetic PD patients is profound. Treatment with rTMS may be an important, novel nonpharmaceutical approach for apathy in PD patients.
A comparison of 15 minute vs 30 minute repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation sessions for treatment resistant depression – are longer treatment sessions more effective?$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is a safe and effective treatment for treatment resistant depression (TRD). The number of patients able to be treated with rTMS is determined by the availability of the machine and staff. If treatment delivered in a shorter time were just as effective as longer treatments, then more patients could be treated with the same resources. Method: This naturalistic study investigated 145 first-time patients treated with 15 minute (900 pulses) or 30 minute (1800 pulses) RLF rTMS for TRD 3 days/week for 6 weeks. Response and remission rates for the two groups were compared. We investigated whether longer right unilateral low (1Hz) frequency (RLF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment sessions are more effective than shorter sessions in achieving response and remission for treatment resistant depression (TRD). Results: The duration of rTMS treatment sessions had no effect on treatment outcomes over the course of 6 weeks. The group treated with 15 minute rTMS sessions showed a partial response rate of 28.2%, a response rate of 11.5% and remission rate of 21.8%, which did not differ significantly from patients receiving 30 minute sessions who had a partial response rate of 25.4%, response rate of 17.9% and remission rate of 22.4%. Limitations: Participants were not randomized and the inclusion criteria were broad and reflected the nature of patients seen in routine practice. Conclusions: Fifteen minute rTMS sessions 3 days/week for 6 weeks were as effective as 30 minute sessions, providing a pragmatic advantage for shorter treatments.
Left versus right subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the subcallosal cingulate has emerged as a promising therapy for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). To date, all studies have employed bilateral stimulation; however, the physiology of affect and pathophysiology of depression are known to be asymmetric across hemispheres. Unilateral stimulation may provide efficacy while decreasing risk. Five patients were exposed to unilateral open-label DBS to the subcallosal cingulate for 12 weeks each to the left and then right hemispheres in a double-blind, crossover fashion. After 12 weeks of stimulation to each hemisphere, bilateral stimulation was initiated, and patients were followed for 12 additional weeks. Additionally, nine months of long-term follow up data were collected. Left, but not right, unilateral stimulation was associated with significant decrease in depression scores; with bilateral stimulation, all patients improved and one patient remitted. No serious adverse events were associated with surgery or acute or chronic stimulation. This small study suggests that unilateral DBS to the subcallosal cingulate may be an effective treatment for TRD. All patients improved with bilateral stimulation, though antidepressant effects following 12 weeks were modest. These findings contrast somewhat with prior open-label trials, though duration of bilateral stimulation was shorter in this trial. The current study continues to confirm safety of implantation and use of DBS to the subcallosal cingulate for patients with TRD and highlights the importance of personalization of therapy, for example by hemisphere, in future trials.
Nonpharmacological interventions for relapse prevention in unipolar depression: A network meta-analysis$$$ Background: The development of prophylactic interventions for major depressive disorder (MDD) is an important issue in clinical practice. We aimed to compare the relative efficacy of nonpharmacological interventions for relapse prevention in adult patients with MDD. Methods: Randomized controlled trials investigating nonpharmachological interventions for relapse prevention were included. A Bayesian network meta-analysis was performed. Hazard ratios are reported as effect sizes with 95% credible intervals. Global inconsistency, local inconsistency, heterogeneity, and transitivity were evaluated. Confidence for the results comparing the active treatment with control conditions or antidepressant medicine (ADM) was assessed. Results: Thirty-six trials were included. Most nonpharmacological interventions were various forms of psychotherapy; others were noninvasive neurostimulation techniques (3 studies with electroconvulsive therapy and 1 study with transcranial magnetic stimulation). Psychotherapy as a monotherapy following ADM or psychotherapy produced significantly better outcomes than control conditions, and there was no significant difference between psychotherapy and ADM. The combination of psychotherapy and ADM was superior to either treatment alone. The results were similar for patients with at least 3 previous episodes. Neurostimulation techniques were also superior to controls, either as a monotherapy or combined with ADM. Conclusions: Our study provided evidence that psychotherapy as a monotherapy following ADM or psychotherapy was effective and performed as well as ADM for relapse prevention. Neurostimulation techniques also showed promising results but more studies are needed to confirm their efficacy. These findings may be informative for clinical practice and inspire future research.
A direct comparison of neuronavigated and non-neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation in the treatment of depression$$$ Objective: To investigate whether a four-week course of neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is superior to the non-neuronavigated F3-EEG method of positioning. Methods: We conducted a single-center, two-arm, randomized and double-blinded study (clinicaltrials.gov NCT03953521). 37 inpatients with an at least moderate depressive episode were randomized to receive either neuronavigated or 10-20-EEG-system based F3 guided iTBS. Both groups received twenty week daily sessions of iTBS while continuing to receive standard-of-care treatment by their ward physicians. For navigated iTBS, we used magnetic resonance imaging to target the border between the anterior and middle third of the middle frontal gyrus considered to represent the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC). Differences in the treatment arms were blinded by completely mimicking the procedures of the respective other treatment group. Rating physicians were not involved in the treatment procedure. Primary outcome was defined as the change of the 21-item version of the Hamilton Depression Score (HAMD) from baseline to end of treatment at week 4. Secondary outcomes included HAMD score during the treatment, Patient Health Questionnaire-9, WHO Quality of Life-BREF and Clinical Global Impression. For primary outcome, we used a planned group comparison for the absolute change in the HAMD. For secondary outcome measures we calculated analyses of variance (ANOVAs) with the within-subjects factor time (primary: baseline vs. week 4; secondary: all visits) and the between-subjects factor group (navigated vs. F3 guided group). We also did planned contrasts between both groups for all variables and all treatment and follow-up visits with the aim not to oversee any group differences. For group contrasts we used Student T-tests for metric and chi-square tests for categorial variables. Significance threshold was set to 5% uncorrected for multiple comparisons. Results: Enrolment of 80 patients with interim analysis was planned. Interim analysis was performed after 37 patients (intention to treat). 6 patients dropped out, leaving 31 for analysis. With respect to primary outcome criteria, absolute change in the HAMD did not differ significantly between groups. In accordance, relative change and number of responders and remitters were not significantly different. Overall number of responders was 53% and of remitters was 60%. On a descriptive level, the results favor the clinical effects of the F3 group for the absolute and relative change in the HAMD and the number of responders. Number of remitters were exactly the same for both groups. Therefore, we decided to stop the trial due to the added burden of magnetic resonance imaging and neuronavigated treatment in relation to the effect. Secondary outcomes did also not differ significantly between groups. Patients did not differ in their baseline characteristics nor with respect to intake of medication during the trial period and all had access to the same therapeutic interventions. Conclusion: We noticed a high antidepressive effect of add-on iTBS treatment to standard inpatient treatment but failed to demonstrate a clinical superiority of neuronavigated localization. The non-navigated, F3 guided iTBS treatment used as a control group may be sophisticated enough to dilute potential added benefits, and the difference between the localization approaches is either negligible or too small to justify the additional efforts of navigation. The effects of concomitant treatment may mask effects, but our patient population reflects clinical reality in an inpatient setting. Further prospective studies are warranted to compare neuronavigated with surface-based approaches.
P.301 Bilateral theta-burst stimulation improves affective symptoms but not executive functions in major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Theta-burst stimulation (TBS) is a promising tool to manage the affective symptoms of major depressive disorder (MDD) [1]. Despite being sparsely investigated, TBS might be beneficial for other symptoms such as cognitive impairment [2] that is common and persistent in MDD [3]. Objective: The present randomized, sham-controlled study aimed to examine the cognitive and affective effects of bilateral TBS in MDD. Methods: Sham or active TBS was administered daily for ten consecutive workdays to 20 MDD patients with stable antidepressant and/or benzodiazepine medication. TBS was delivered bilaterally with continuous TBS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), followed by intermittent TBS over the left DLPFC. One day before the first and after the last TBS session, the 21-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) [4], n-back, and Attention Network Task (ANT) [5] were administered to assess the affective symptoms, working memory, and attention, respectively. An independent sample t-test was used for the pre- minus post-TBS HDRS scores. The outcome measures included d’ and reaction times (RTs) for the 1-back task and the average of the 2- and 3-back tasks. For ANT, alertness, orientation, executive attention indices, and overall RT were calculated. All indices were analysed using mixed analyses of variance. Bayes Factors (BF) were calculated to measure the strength of evidence. Results: Depressive symptoms decreased in the active TBS group compared to the sham group which was supported by moderate-level evidence (t(18) = -2.522, p = 0.021, BF10 = 3.028). No apparent difference in working memory was found between the two groups regarding the d’ of the 1-back (F(1, 18) = 0.051, p = 0.824, BFincl = 0.312) or the averaged 2- and 3-back tasks (F(1, 18) = 0.321, p = 0.578, BFincl = 0.433). Similarly, alertness (F(1, 18) = 0.767, p = 0.393, BFincl = 0.500), orientation (F(1, 18) = 0.173, p = 0.682, BFincl = 0.430), and executive attention (F(1, 18) = 0.017, p = 0.897, BFincl = 0.373) indices showed no effects of TBS. BF10 values supported this with moderate-to-strong level of evidence (BF10 < 0.15). RTs of the 1-back task (F(1, 18) = 7.503, p = 0.013, BFincl = 4.501) significantly differed suggesting a potential TBS-induced improvement on psychomotor slowing. However, non-significant RTs for the 2- and 3-back task (F(1, 18) = 1.422, p = 0.249, BFincl = 0.630), ANT (F(1, 18) = 2.138, p = 0.161, BFincl = 1.164) and BFs yielded inconclusive evidence. Discussion: Substantial antidepressive effect of bilateral TBS in the active group was found; no evidence regarding the modulation of working memory and attention was shown. While affective changes were present, results might be slightly underpowered for some cognitive indices. The results may indicate that the given stimulation parameters are suboptimal to target cognitive functions or that the affective and cognitive-enhancing effects of TBS are independent. However, TBS seems to be a powerful tool to improve the affective symptoms in MDD while causing no immediate side effects regarding executive functions. Disclosure statement: This abstract was supported by the UNKP-20-3 New National Excellence Program.
P.303 Augmenting strategies for treatment-resistant major depression using atypical antipsychotics$$$ Background:There is no consensus definition for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) and only 17% of intervention studies enrolled samples meet the most frequently specified criteria for this disorder [1].A large proportion of patients (up to 60%) diagnosed with major depressive disorder(MDD)fail to respond to the first antidepressant,and one third of the depressed patients may develop treatment resistance [2].Multiple reasons for TRD should be taken into account by the case manager,starting from poor therapeutic adherence,organic or psychiatric co-morbidities or misdiagnosis of MDD [3].Although various therapeutic strategies have been investigated,including neuromodulation techniques(deep brain stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation) [4],only few data exist about the comparative efficacy of add-on strategies in TRD. Objective:To evaluate in a pragmatic randomized trial the medium-term effectiveness of atypical antipsychotics as add-on strategy in the treatment of TRD. Methods:A group of 19 patients,12 female and 7 male,mean age 52.6,diagnosed with MDD,severe episode,according to the DSM 5 criteria,in the last 6 months,undergoing treatment with stable-dose antidepressant for at least 4 weeks prior to baseline,were randomized in an open-label manner to antipsychotic add-on:aripiprazole(N=7, mean daily dose 10.7 mg),quetiapine (N=6,mean daily dose 108.3 mg),or olanzapine (N=6, mean daily dose 10.8 mg).Patients were monitored every 4 weeks for 6 months using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale(HDRS)-21 items,Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), EuroQOL(EQ-5D-5L),Global Assessment of Functioning(GAF),Clinical Global Impression-Severity(CGI-S)and Extrapyramidal Symptoms Rating Scale (ESRS).Inclusion criteria:lack of response to at least two antidepressants from different pharmacological classes administered for at least 6 weeks within the therapeutic range,baseline values for HDRS>20,MADRS>34 and CGI-S>3,lack of previous experience with any of the antipsychotics used in this trial.Exclusion criteria:comorbid substance-related disorders,severe organic diseases,active suicidal ideation.Intent-to-treat-analysis and last-observation-carried-forward were used in the statistical processing of data. Results:Patients treated with antipsychotics had lower final HDRS(-12.3,p<0.001)and MADRS scores(-18.8,p<0.001)and the difference to their baseline values became significant at week 8.CGI-S and GAF confirmed the favorable evolution under antipsychotic treatment(-2.2 and +24.5,p<0.001).The quality of life was significantly improved by the antipsychotic add-ons (+32.9 on the global scale, p<0.001). Regarding the clinical evolution under treatment, no significant differences were recorded at endpoint between the 3 antipsychotics in the main outcome(severity of depression),but aripiprazole had a trend to superiority in the quality of life(global score +9.6,p=0.245 and +7.9 p=0.366 vs.quetiapine and olanzapine).The ESRS monitoring did not record significant changes in any of the four dimensions(akathisia,Parkinsonism,dyskinesia,dystonia)between groups at end point.The tolerability of the administered agents was good,and no serious adverse events were reported. Conclusion:This pragmatic,open-label, randomized, medium-term trial supports the effectiveness of augmenting antidepressants with atypical antipsychotics in patients with TRD. Antipsychotics were well tolerated and the quality of life improved significantly during the augmented treatment.
Understanding intracortical excitability in phantom limb pain: A multivariate analysis from a multicenter randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: To explore associations of intracortical excitability with clinical characteristics in a large sample of subjects with phantom limb pain (PLP). Methods: Ancillary study using baseline and longitudinal data from a large multicenter randomized trial that investigated the effects of non-invasive brain stimulation combined with sensorimotor training on PLP. Multivariate regression modeling analyses were used to investigate the association of intracortical excitability, measured by percentages of intracortical inhibition (ICI) and facilitation (ICF) with clinical variables. Results: Ninety-eight subjects were included. Phantom sensation of itching was positively associated with ICI changes and at baseline in the affected hemisphere (contralateral to PLP). However, in the non-affected hemisphere (ipsilateral to PLP), the phantom sensation of warmth and PLP intensity were negatively associated with ICI (both models). For the ICF, PLP intensity (baseline model only) and age (longitudinal model) were negatively associated, while time since amputation and amputation level (both for longitudinal model only) were positively associated in the affected hemisphere. Additionally, use of antidepressants led to lower ICF in the non-affected hemisphere for the baseline model while higher amputation level also led to less changes in the ICF. Conclusion: Results revealed clear associations of clinical variables and cortical excitability in a large chronic pain sample. ICI and ICF changes appear not to be mainly explained by PLP intensity. Instead, other variables associated with duration of neuroplasticity changes (such as age and duration of amputation) and compensatory mechanisms (such as itching and phantom limb sensation) seem to be more important in explaining these variables.
Electroconvulsive therapy in Mania: A review of 80 years of clinical experience$$$ Resistance to pharmacological agents is commonly encountered in the treatment of acute episodes of mania. In contemporary practice guidelines, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), once awidely used standalone intervention formania, is no longer considered a first-line treatment. Stigma, logistics, and ethical factors constrain ECT administration in this condition and lead to its underutilization. However, the past three decades have produced promising research regarding the use of ECT inmania. Randomized controlled trials, albeit in limited numbers, the adoption of ultrabrief ECT, examination of the safety and efficacy of combining ECT with pharmacological agents, including lithium, and use of ECT as a maintenance strategy have enhanced our understanding of how and when to utilize this intervention in mania. In this comprehensive review, the authors summarize the evidence regarding the efficacy and safety of ECT in mania, including related syndromes, suchasdeliriousmania andmixedaffectivestates.The impact of technical parameters, particularly the choice of treatment frequency, electrode placements, and pulse width, are discussed in the light of recent evidence.
Burning mouth syndrome: A state of the art review for the oral healthcare provider$$$ Burning Mouth Syndrome (BMS) is a neurosensory disorder that affects the oral mucosa by causing a burning or stinging pain of varying degrees in different individuals. It is difficult to diagnose the condition as it does appear in conjunction with any clinical or laboratory abnormalities. The psychological and psychiatric issues involved along with the oral symptoms make oral healthcare provision in such individuals a challenging task. This review presents the oral healthcare provider an insight into the peculiar nature of BMS and the oral healthcare management of patients with BMS.
Esketamine in the management of treatment-resistant depression: what prospects for 2021?$$$ Esketamine combined to oral antidepressant is indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe major depressive episodes resistant to treatment. The antidepressant action of esketamine is secondary to an increased release of glutamate induced by the blockade of glutamatergic N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors located on GABAergic inhibitory interneurons. Although the nasal esketamine/oral antidepressant combination appears to be more effective than the nasal placebo/oral antidepressant combination in the management of treatment-resistant depression, its place in the treatment of this pathology is not yet completely clear. Indeed, the lack of studies comparing this combination nasal esketamine/oral antidepressant to some standard therapeutic strategies for treatment-resistant depression (such as electroconvulsive therapy) may potentially limit the interpretation of data currently available in the literature. However, in view of its potential clinical benefit, further investigations are necessary to determine the future place of esketamine in the therapeutic algorithms of treatment-resistant depression.
Active Placebo, the Parachute Meta-Analysis, the Nobel Prize, and the Efficacy of Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ The efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been recently questioned on the grounds that placebo-controlled (sham ECT) trials are all old and of poor quality; statements have been made that the prescription of ECT should immediately be suspended because its continued use cannot be scientifically justified. These criticisms have come from academicians and have been presented in scientific and news forums with wide readership. A rebuttal is therefore necessary, if only to counter the formation of negative attitudes among patients, health care professionals, and the general public. The quality of sham ECT randomized controlled trials (RCTs) is undoubtedly poor; however, this is so because these RCTs were conducted in an era in which such methodology was par for the field. What critics of ECT have not considered are the large, well-designed, well-conducted, and well-analyzed modern era RCTs that show that bilateral and high dose right unilateral ECT are more effective than low dose right unilateral ECT, or that brief-pulse ECT is more effective than ultrabrief-pulse ECT; in such situations, the inferior form of ECT may be regarded as an active placebo comparison group that represents a scientifically valid substitute for sham ECT. Critics of ECT also do not consider the parachute meta-analysis analogy; just as one does not need a meta-analysis of RCTs to conclude that parachutes work, so too one does not need a meta-analysis of new sham ECT RCTs to conclude that ECT works. ECT is usually recommended to patients who are catatonic, severely ill, or treatment-refractory, and if ECT did not work well in these patients, common sense tells us that it would not continue to be used for such patients more than 80 years after its introduction. Malaria therapy and leucotomy are somatic therapies that were honored with the Nobel Prize, but it is ECT that has survived.
Noninvasive Neuromodulation in Headache: An Update$$$ Background: Migraine is a common disabling primary headache condition. Although strives have been made in treatment, there remains an unmet need for safe, effective acute, and preventative treatments. The promising concept of neuromodulation of relevant neuronal targets in a noninvasive fashion for the treatment of primary headache disorders has led to the trial of numerous devices over the years. Objective: We aimed to review the evidence on current neuromodulation treatments available for the management of primary headache disorders. Methods: Randomized controlled trial as well as open-label and real-world studies on central and peripheral cephalic and noncephalic neuromodulation modalities in primary headaches were critically reviewed. Results: The current evidence suggests a role of single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation, supraorbital nerve stimulation, and remote noncephalic electrical stimulation as migraine abortive treatments, with stronger evidence in episodic rather than in chronic migraine. Single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation and supraorbital nerve stimulation also hold promising evidence in episodic migraine prevention and initial positive evidence in chronic migraine prevention. More evidence should clarify the therapeutic role of the external vagus nerve stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation in migraine. However, external vagus nerve stimulation may be effective in the acute treatment of episodic but not chronic cluster headache, in the prevention of hemicrania continua and paroxysmal hemicrania but not of short-lasting neuralgiform headache attacks. The difficulty in setting up sham-controlled studies has thus far prevented the publication of robust trials. This limitation along with the cost of these therapies has meant that their use is limited in most countries. Conclusion: Neuromodulation is a promising nonpharmacological treatment approach for primary headaches. More studies with appropriate blinding strategies and reduction of device cost may allow more widespread approval of these treatments and in turn increase clinician's experience in neuromodulation.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on meta-worry and neuropsychological functions among patients with depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is recommended as an effective treatment for both major depressive disorder (MDD) and treatment-resistant depression. Objectives: According to the possible impact of rTMS on cognitive psychological characteristics, this study aimed to determine the effectiveness of rTMS in meta-worry and neuropsychological functions among MDD patients. Methods: This quasi-experimental study was conducted on 30 patients with MDD referring to Atieh Clinical Neuroscience Center, Tehran, Iran, in 2019. The participants were randomly divided into two groups of intervention and control (n=15 each). The data collection tools included the Beck Depression Inventory, meta-worry subscale of the Anxious Thoughts Inventory, and Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery. Results: The comparison between the two groups showed that the scores of the meta-worry scale improved after the intervention in patients undergoing rTMS, compared to those in the control group (Z=-3.41; P=0.002); however, no difference was observed between the two groups in the follow-up (Z=-2.02; P=0.053). The assessment of neuropsychological functions among the patients undergoing rTMS and those in the control demonstrated that neuropsychological functions (i.e., Minimum Spanning Tree, Rapid Visual Information Processing, and Spatial Working Memory) were significantly different immediately after the intervention and in the follow-up (P<0.05) except for the Difficulty Maintaining Sleep (DMS) subtest. In addition, the mean depression score was significantly different between the two groups (Z=-4.17; P<0.005). There was a significant relationship between depression and all the subtests of neuropsychological functions except for DMS (P>0.05). Conclusion: In summary, the results of the current study indicated that the use of rTMS was an effective method in the improvement of neuropsychological functions except for DMS in patients with depression. However, the obtained findings did not demonstrate the persistent effect of multiple rTMS on meta-worry.
Intermittent Theta-Burst Stimulation Over the DorsoLateral PreFrontal Cortex (DLPFC) in Healthy Subjects Produces No Cumulative Effect on Cortical Excitability$$$ Background: Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) is a design of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) and could be a candidate to replace rTMS in the treatment of depression, thanks to its efficacy, shorter duration, and ease of use. The antidepressant mechanism of iTBS, and whether this mechanism is mediated by a modulation of cortical excitability, remains unknown. Methods: Using a randomized double-blind, sham-controlled trial, 30 healthy volunteers received either iTBS or a sham treatment targeting the left DorsoLateral PreFrontal Cortex (L-DLPFC), twice a day over 5 consecutive days. Cortical excitability was measured before and after the 5 days of stimulation. Results: No difference in cortical excitability was observed between active or sham iTBS. Conclusion: Our study does not support any effect on cortical excitability of repetitive iTBS targeting the L-DLPFC.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation With H-Coil in Alzheimer's Disease: A Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Pilot Study$$$ Focal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been applied to improve cognition in Alzheimer's disease (AD) with conflicting results. We applied rTMS in AD in a pilot placebo-controlled study using the H2-coil. H-coils are suitable for targeting wider neuronal structures compared with standard focal coils, in particular the H2-coil stimulates simultaneously the frontal-parietal-temporal lobes bilaterally. Thirty patients (mean age 70.9 year, SD 8.1; mean MMSE score 16.9, SD 5.5) were randomized to sham or real 10 Hz rTMS stimulation with the H2-coil. Each patient underwent 3 sessions/week for 4 weeks, followed by 4 weeks with maintenance treatment (1 session/week). Primary outcome was improvement of ADAS-cog at 4 and 8 weeks compared with baseline. A trend toward an improved ADAS-cog score over time was observed for patients undergoing real rTMS, with actively treated patients experiencing a mean decrease of −1.01 points at the ADAS-Cog scale score per time point (95% CIs −0.02 to −3.13, p < 0.04). This trend was no longer evident 2 months after the end of treatment. Real rTMS showed no significant effect on MMSE and BDI changes over time. These preliminary findings suggest that rTMS with H-coil is feasible and safe in patients with probable AD and might provide beneficial, even though transient, effects on cognition. This study prompts larger studies in the early stages of AD, combining rTMS and cognitive rehabilitation. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT04562506.
Is ketamine an appropriate alternative to ECT for patients with treatment resistant depression? A systematic review$$$ Objective: Ketamine has repeatedly shown to have rapid and robust antidepressant effects in patients with treatment resistant depression (TRD). An important question is whether ketamine is as effective and safe as the current gold standard electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: The literature was searched for trials comparing ketamine treatment with ECT for depression in the Pubmed/MEDLINE database and Cochrane Trials Library. Results: A total of 137 manuscripts were identified, 6 articles were included in this review. Overall quality of the included studies was diverse with relevant risk of bias for some of the studies. Results suggest that ketamine treatment might give faster but perhaps less durable antidepressant effects. Side effects differed from ECT, in particular less cognitive impairment was apparent in ketamine treatment. Limitations: The included studies have limited sample sizes, use different treatment protocols and in most trials, longer term follow up is lacking. Furthermore, allocation bias appears likely in the non-randomized trials. Conclusions: Current available literature does not yet provide convincing evidence to consider ketamine as an equally effective treatment alternative to ECT in patients with TRD. There are indications for a more favourable short term cognitive side effect profile after ketamine treatment. Methodologically well-designed studies with larger sample sizes and longer follow up duration are warranted.
Cognitive outcomes of the bipolar depression electrical treatment trial (BETTER): a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study$$$ Bipolar depression is associated with marked cognitive deficits. Pharmacological treatments for this condition are limited and may aggravate depressive and cognitive symptoms. Therefore, therapeutic interventions that preserve adequate cognitive functioning are necessary. Our previous results demonstrated significant clinical efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the Bipolar Depression Electrical Treatment Trial (BETTER). Here, cognitive outcomes of this study are reported. We randomized 59 patients with bipolar disorder I or II in an acute depressive episode to receive active (12 2 mA, 30-min, anodal-left, cathodal-right prefrontal cortex tDCS sessions) or sham tDCS. Patients were on stable pharmacological regimen for at least 2 weeks. A battery of 12 neuropsychological assessments in five cognitive domains (attention and processing speed, memory, language, inhibitory control, and working memory and executive function) was performed at baseline, after two weeks and at endpoint (week 6). No significant differences between groups over 6 weeks of treatment were observed for any cognitive outcomes. Moreover, no decrease in cognitive performance was observed. Our findings warrant further replication in larger studies. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT02152878
Association between tDCS computational modeling and clinical outcomes in depression: data from the ELECT-TDCS trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation intervention investigated for the treatment of depression. Clinical results have been heterogeneous, partly due to the variability of electric field (EF) strength in the brain owing to interindividual differences in head anatomy. Therefore, we investigated whether EF strength was correlated with behavioral changes in 16 depressed patients using simulated electric fields in real patient data from a controlled clinical trial. We hypothesized that EF strength in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), brain regions implicated in depression pathophysiology, would be associated with changes in depression, mood and anxiety scores. SimNIBS were used to simulate individual electric fields based on the MRI structural T1-weighted brain scans of depressed subjects. Linear regression models showed, at the end of the acute treatment phase, that simulated EF strength was inversely associated with negative affect in the bilateral ACC (left: β = − 160.463, CI [− 291.541, − 29.385], p = 0.021; right: β = − 189.194, CI [− 289.479, − 88.910], p = 0.001) and DLPFC (left: β = − 93.210, CI [− 154.960, − 31.461], p = 0.006; right: β = − 82.564, CI [− 142.867, − 22.262], p = 0.011) and with depression scores in the left ACC (β = − 156.91, CI [− 298.51, − 15.30], p = 0.033). No association between positive affect or anxiety scores, and simulated EF strength in the investigated brain regions was found. To conclude, our findings show preliminary evidence that EF strength simulations might be associated with further behavioral changes in depressed patients, unveiling a potential mechanism of action for tDCS. Further studies should investigate whether individualization of EF strength in key brain regions impact clinical response.
Longitudinal effects of rTMS on neuroplasticity in chronic treatment-resistant depression$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is amongst the most prevalent of psychiatric disorders. Unfortunately, a third of patients will not respond to conventional treatments and suffer from treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been proven effective in treating TRD. The research suggests that rTMS acts via neuroplastic effects on the brain, which can be measured by changes in hippocampal and amygdala volume as well as cortical thickness. This sham-controlled study investigates longitudinal effects of rTMS on the volumes of the hippocampus and amygdala and cortical thickness in patients with chronic TRD. 31 patients received 20 sessions of high-frequency rTMS (N = 15) or sham treatment (N = 16) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex during 4 consecutive weeks. Using structural magnetic resonance imaging, we investigated longitudinal treatment effects on hippocampus and amygdala volume as well as thickness of the paralimbic cortex. We found no clinical differences between the active and sham rTMS group. Longitudinal changes in hippocampal and amygdala volume did not differ significantly, although males showed a significant decrease in left amygdala volume, irrespective of treatment group. Changes in cortical thickness of the paralimbic cortex differed significantly between the active and sham groups. Most notably, the increase in cortical thickness of the isthmus of the left cingulate gyrus was greater in the active as compared to the sham rTMS group. Our data suggest that rTMS can induce neuroplastic changes, particularly in cortical thickness, independent of treatment response. We also found longitudinal changes in amygdala volume in males. For clinical effects to follow these neuroplastic effects, more intensive rTMS treatment might be needed in chronically depressed patients. Trial registration number: ISRCTN 15535800, registered on 29-06-2017.
A pilot investigation of accelerated deep transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols are being increasingly studied because of their potential to provide quicker and enhanced treatment efficacy. However, there is a lack of accelerated deep TMS with H1-coil (adTMS) treatment research. This randomized pilot study investigated the efficacy and safety of adTMS protocols. Twenty-eight TRD patients received 20-min sessions twice daily for 10 or 15 days. Primary outcomes were changes in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores and discontinuation because of adverse events (AE). Secondary outcomes were response, remission, daily changes in Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) scores, and AE incidence. HDRS scores decreased by 13 (95% CI 11–17; 59%, 95% CI 45–73%) and 13 (95% CI 11–14; 62%, 95% CI 54–69%) points in the 10- and 15-day protocols, respectively. The adjusted difference between the two protocols was not significant or clinically relevant. Remission was achieved by 38% and 42% after 10-day and 15-day protocols, respectively. The intervention was discontinued because of AEs in 3/33 (9%) patients. The BDI-II decreases were significant and clinically relevant during the first 8 days. Twice-daily adTMS for 10 days seems to be safe and effective, with rapid clinical benefits during the first week of treatment. These promising results warrant further investigation in larger randomized clinical trials comparing adTMS with the standard dTMS protocol.
Effects of bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on brain glutamate levels and resting state connectivity: multimodal MRI data for the cathodal stimulation site$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over prefrontal cortex (PFC) regions is currently proposed as therapeutic intervention for major depression and other psychiatric disorders. The in-depth mechanistic understanding of this bipolar and non-focal stimulation technique is still incomplete. In a pilot study, we investigated the effects of bifrontal stimulation on brain metabolite levels and resting state connectivity under the cathode using multiparametric MRI techniques and computational tDCS modeling. Within a double-blind cross-over design, 20 subjects (12 women, 23.7 ± 2 years) were randomized to active tDCS with standard bifrontal montage with the anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and the cathode over the right DLPFC. Magnetic resonance spectroscopy (MRS) was acquired before, during, and after prefrontal tDCS to quantify glutamate (Glu), Glu + glutamine (Glx) and gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA) concentration in these areas. Resting-state functional connectivity MRI (rsfcMRI) was acquired before and after the stimulation. The individual distribution of tDCS induced electric fields (efields) within the MRS voxel was computationally modelled using SimNIBS 2.0. There were no significant changes of Glu, Glx and GABA levels across conditions but marked differences in the course of Glu levels between female and male participants were observed. Further investigation yielded a significantly stronger Glu reduction after active compared to sham stimulation in female participants, but not in male participants. For rsfcMRI neither significant changes nor correlations with MRS data were observed. Exploratory analyses of the effect of efield intensity distribution on Glu changes showed distinct effects in different efield groups. Our findings are limited by the small sample size, but correspond to previously published results of cathodal tDCS. Future studies should address gender and efield intensity as moderators of tDCS induced effects.
Effectiveness of unihemispheric concurrent dual-site stimulation over m1 and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation on pain processing: A triple blind cross-over control trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the motor cortex (M1) produces short-term inhibition of pain. Unihemispheric concurrent dual-site tDCS (UHCDS-tDCS) over the M1 and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has greater effects on cortical excitability than when applied alone, although its effect on pain is unknown. The aim of this study was to test if anodal UHCDS-tDCS over the M1 and DLPFC in healthy participants could potentiate conditioned pain modulation (CPM) and diminish pain temporal summation (TS). Methods: Thirty participants were randomized to receive a sequence of UHCDS-tDCS, M1-tDCS and sham-tDCS. A 20 min 0.1 mA/cm2 anodal or sham-tDCS intervention was applied to each participant during three test sessions, according to a triple-blind cross-over trial design. For the assessment of pain processing before and after tDCS intervention, the following tests were performed: tourniquet conditioned pain modulation (CPM), pressure pain temporal summation (TS), pressure pain thresholds (PPTs), pressure pain tolerance, mechanosensitivity and cold hyperalgesia. Motor function before and after tDCS intervention was assessed with a dynamometer to measure maximal isometric grip strength. Results: No statistically significant differences were found between groups for CPM, pressure pain TS, PPT, pressure pain tolerance, neural mechanosensitivity, cold hyperalgesia or grip strength (p > 0.05). Conclusions: Neither UHCDS-tDCS nor M1-tDCS facilitated CPM or inhibited TS in healthy subjects following one intervention session.
Prefrontal resting-state connectivity and antidepressant response: no associations in the ELECT-TDCS trial$$$ Functional and structural MRI of prefrontal cortex (PFC) may provide putative biomarkers for predicting the treatment response to transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in depression. A recent MRI study from ELECT-TDCS (Escitalopram versus Electrical Direct-Current Theror Depression Study) showed that depression improvement after tDCS was associated with gray matter volumes of PFC subregions. Based thereon, we investigated whether antidepressant effects of tDCS are similarly associated with baseline resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC). A subgroup of 51 patients underwent baseline rsFC-MRI. All patients of ELECT-TDCS were randomized to three treatment arms for 10 weeks (anodal-left, cathodal-right PFC tDCS plus placebo medication; escitalopram 10 mg/day for 3 weeks and 20 mg/day thereafter plus sham tDCS; and placebo medication plus sham tDCS). RsFC was calculated for various PFC regions and analyzed in relation to the individual antidepressant response. There was no significant association between baseline PFC connectivity of essential structural regions, nor any other PFC regions (after correction for multiple comparisons) and patients’ individual antidepressant response. This study did not reveal an association between antidepressants effects of tDCS and baseline rsFC, unlike the gray matter volume findings. Thus, the antidepressant effects of tDCS may be differentially related to structural and functional MRI measurements.
Electroconvulsive Therapy Pulse Amplitude and Clinical Outcomes$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) pulse amplitude, which determines the induced electric field magnitude in the brain, is currently set at 800–900 milliamperes (mA) on modern ECT devices without any clinical or scientific rationale. The present study assessed differences in depression and cognitive outcomes for three different pulse amplitudes during an acute ECT series. We hypothesized that the lower amplitudes would maintain the antidepressant efficacy of the standard treatment and reduce the risk of neurocognitive impairment. Methods: This double-blind investigation randomized subjects to three treatment arms: 600, 700, and 800 mA (active comparator). Clinical, cognitive, and imaging assessments were conducted pre-, mid- and post-ECT. Subjects had a diagnosis of major depressive disorder, age range between 50 and 80 years, and met clinical indication for ECT. Results: The 700 and 800 mA arms had improvement in depression outcomes relative to the 600 mA arm. The amplitude groups showed no differences in the primary cognitive outcome variable, the Hopkins Verbal Learning Test-Revised (HVLT-R) retention raw score. However, secondary cognitive outcomes such as the Delis Kaplan Executive Function System Letter and Category Fluency measures demonstrated cognitive impairment in the 800 mA arm. Discussion: The results demonstrated a dissociation of depression (higher amplitudes better) and cognitive (lower amplitudes better) related outcomes. Future work is warranted to elucidate the relationship between amplitude, electric field, neuroplasticity, and clinical outcomes.
Role of rTMS in the treatment of cognitive impairments in Bipolar Disorder and Schizophrenia: a review of Randomized Controlled Trials.$$$ Background: Schizophrenia (SCZ) and Bipolar Disorder (BD) are severe psychiatric illnesses often characterized by mild-to-severe cognitive deficits. Since available pharmacotherapy showed poor efficacy in treating these cognitive impairments, new strategies are needed. Repeated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) represents a safe non-invasive technique that has been hypothesized to improve cognitive symptoms in these pathologies. Therefore, our brief review aims at summarizing the results of Randomized Controlled Trials (RCTs) using rTMS for improving cognitive symptoms in SCZ and BD. Methods: We performed a bibliographic research on PubMed, Google Scholar and Medline of RCTs conducted in patients with BD and SCZ, which evaluated cognitive outcomes after rTMS treatment. Results: The inclusion criteria were met by fifteen RCTs, twelve in SCZ and three in BD. Regarding patients with SCZ, the results showed that rTMS seemed to have poor effects on improving cognitive performances, with mixed results also observed for schizoaffective patients. In BD, overall the RCTs showed that rTMS in these patients seemed to improve cognitive domains in euthymic patients, while its effect during acute phases, especially depression, appeared limited. Limitations: Studies employed different rTMS protocols and evaluated different cognitive domains. Conclusions: Although the available evidence from RCTs evaluating the efficacy of rTMS on cognitive deficits in SCZ and BD are still mixed and heterogenous, overall they suggest that rTMS represents a potential clinical tool that could ameliorate cognitive symptoms, especially in specific patients’ subtypes. However, standardized protocols and further research are still necessary to evaluate the real efficacy of rTMS.
How well do clinical and demographic characteristics predict Patient Health Questionnaire-9 scores among patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder in a real-world setting?$$$ Objectives: To create and validate a model to predict depression symptom severity among patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) using commonly recorded variables within medical claims databases. Methods: Adults with TRD (here defined as > 2 antidepressant treatments in an episode, suggestive of nonresponse) and ≥ 1 Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ)-9 record on or after the index TRD date were identified (2013–2018) in Decision Resource Group's Real World Data Repository, which links an electronic health record database to a medical claims database. A total of 116 clinical/demographic variables were utilized as predictors of the study outcome of depression symptom severity, which was measured by PHQ-9 total score category (score: 0–9 = none to mild, 10–14 = moderate, 15–27 = moderately severe to severe). A random forest approach was applied to develop and validate the predictive model. Results: Among 5,356 PHQ-9 scores in the study population, the mean (standard deviation) PHQ-9 score was 10.1 (7.2). The model yielded an accuracy of 62.7%. For each predicted depression symptom severity category, the mean observed scores (8.0, 12.2, and 16.2) fell within the appropriate range. Conclusions: While there is room for improvement in its accuracy, the use of a machine learning tool that predicts depression symptom severity of patients with TRD can potentially have wide population-level applications. Healthcare systems and payers can build upon this groundwork and use the variables identified and the predictive modeling approach to create an algorithm specific to their population.
Trial design of comparing patient-specific versus weight-based protocols to treat vaso-occlusive episodes in sickle cell disease (COMPARE-VOE)$$$ Objectives: Painful vaso-occlusive episodes (VOE) are the most common reason for emergency department (ED) visits experienced by patients with sickle cell disease (SCD). The National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute (NHLBI) evidence-based recommendations for VOE treatment are based primarily on expert opinion. In this randomized controlled trial (RCT), we will compare changes in pain scores between patients randomized to a patient-specific analgesic protocol versus those randomized to a weight-based analgesic protocol, as recommended by the NHLBI guidelines. Methods: We report the rationale and design of a multi-site, phase III, single-blinded, RCT to be conducted in six EDs in the United States. Eligible participants will be randomized after providing consent, anticipating 50% of those randomized would have an ED visit during the enrollment period. A total of 230 participants with one VOE ED visit provides sufficient power to detect a clinically significant difference in pain score reductions of 14 between groups with 0.05 type I error. Uniquely, this trial randomizes participants in a larger population than the study population, given the impossibility of consenting and randomizing participants during emergencies. The primary endpoint is the change in pain scores in the ED from time of placement in treatment area to time of disposition (hospitalization, discharged home, or assigned to observation status) or a maximum treatment duration of 6 hours. Additional outcomes include hospitalizations and ED visits seven days post enrollment, side effects, and safety assessments. Conclusions: The COMPARE-VOE study design will provide high-level evidence to support the NHLBI VOE treatment guidelines.
Clinical and Neurophysiological Effects of the Therapeutic Combination of High-Frequency Rhythmic Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation of the Motor and Frontal Cortex in Parkinson’s Disease$$$ Objective. To run a parallel placebo-controlled trial to assess the effects of navigated combined high-frequency rhythmic transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary motor (bilateral) and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the clinical dynamics of the symptoms of Parkinson’s disease (PD). Materials and methods. A total of 46 patients took part in the trial and were randomized to active (n = 23) and placebo (n = 23) rTMS. Navigated therapeutic and placebo rTMS were performed for areas of the primary motor and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at a frequency of 10 Hz (20 daily sessions for three weeks). Changes in clinical symptoms were assessed on the MDS-UPDRS (parts I–IV) before sessions, immediately after 20 sessions, and 4–6 weeks after courses of rTMS. Nonmotor and mental symptoms were evaluated on the Hamilton depression scale (HDRS-17), the Beck scale (BDI-II), the depression, anxiety, and stress scale (DASS-21), and the mini mental state examination (MMSE). Results. Statistically signifi cant therapeutic effects were obtained with rTMS as compared with placebo, with greater reductions in total scores on the MDS-UPDRS (parts I–IV), the severity of nonmotor (part I)and motor (Part III, with greater therapeutic effects for rigidity, bradykinesia, and postural instability) signs, as well as the severity of motor complications of dopamine replacement therapy (part IV). The effects of rTMS on motor symptoms persisted at four weeks after completion of stimulation courses. It is also important to note that the signifi cant improvements in the rTMS and placebo groups were similar in terms of the magnitudes of reductions in the severity of daily motor symptoms (part II of the MDS-UPDRS) and increases in the total scores on the MMSE, HDRS, BDI-II, and DASS-21. Conclusions. Combined high-frequency rTMS of two areas of the cerebral cortex – the motor (bilaterally) and the left dorsolateral prefrontal – had positive therapeutic effects on the motor and affective symptoms of PD which were signifi cantly greater than obtained using placebo stimulation.
Systematic review of biological markers of therapeutic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in neurological and psychiatric disorders$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an evidenced based treatment for depression and an emerging treatment for several other neuropsychiatric disorders. The objective of this systematic review was to assess molecular changes produced by rTMS or molecular markers that predict treatment response in neuropsychiatric disorders. Methods: PubMed, PsycINFO, and Embase were searched through July 2019 for studies published in peer-reviewed journals. Eighty-nine studies were identified examining healthy adults and patients with neuropsychiatric disorders including depression, chronic pain, post-stroke deficits, and movement disorders. Results: Our ability to synthesize the information was limited by the large variability in treatment parameters and a limited number of placebo-controlled studies. While few findings were replicated by multiple strong studies, brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and gamma aminobutyric acid (GABA) in depression, BDNF in post-stroke deficits, and β-endorphin in chronic pain may be altered by rTMS. Conclusion: BDNF, GABA and β-endorphin were identified as potential molecular markers of rTMS and warrant further exploration. Significance: This study, which is the first systematic review to examine molecular markers of rTMS in both neurological and psychiatric disorders, provides an updated review of this subject and highlight the need for more placebo-controlled and adequately powered studies to identify biomarkers of rTMS.
Rapid symptom improvement in major depressive disorder using accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has contributed to increase in the remission rate for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). However, current rTMS treatment is practically inconvenient because it requires daily treatment sessions for several weeks. Accelerated rTMS treatment is as efficient and safe for MDD patients as conventional rTMS. Methods: Fifty-one patients with MDD participated in this study; they were randomized into accelerated rTMS (n = 21), conventional rTMS (n = 22), and sham-treatment (n = 8) groups. The accelerated and conventional rTMS groups received 15 sessions for 3 days and 3 weeks, respectively. The sham-treatment group received 15 sham rTMS sessions for 3 days. Primary outcome was assessed using self-report and clinician-rated Korean Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (KQIDS-SR and KQIDS-C, respectively). Adverse effects were monitored using the Frequency, Intensity, and Burden of Side Effects Rating scale. Changes in depressive symptoms were compared among the three groups using mixed model analyses. Results: For the KQIDS-SR score, there was a significant main effect of "time" (F3,47 = 11.05, p < 0.001), but no effect of "group" (F2,47 = 2.04, p = 0.142), and a trend-level interaction effect of "group × time" (F6,47 = 2.26, p = 0.053). Improvement in depressive symptoms, based on the KQIDS-SR score 3 weeks after treatment, was more prominent in the accelerated rTMS group than in the sham-treatment group (p = 0.011). Tolerability was comparable among the three groups. Conclusion: The accelerated rTMS treatment group showed rapid improvement of depressive symptoms compared with the sham-treatment and conventional rTMS treatment groups. Therefore, accelerated rTMS treatment could be a viable option for MDD, with improved accessibility.
Effects of High-Frequency Neuronavigated Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Fibromyalgia Syndrome: A Double-Blinded, Randomized Controlled Study$$$ OBJECTIVE: The primary aim of the study was to investigate the effect of 10-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on pain in fibromyalgia. Secondary aims were to determine its effects on stiffness, fatigue, quality of life, depression/anxiety, and cognitive functions. DESIGN: Twenty participants were randomized into two groups. Group A received 10-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and group B received sham stimulation. Visual analog scale for pain, visual analog scale-stiffness, Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, and Fatigue Severity Scale were assessed at the baseline, 2nd, and 6th weeks, whereas Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale and Addenbrooke's cognitive examination were assessed at the baseline and 6th week. RESULTS: There was no significant difference in visual analog scale-pain and Fatigue Severity Scale within and between groups over time (P > 0.05). In group A, significant improvement was found in visual analog scale-stiffness and fibromyalgia impact questionnaire at the 2nd week in comparison to the baseline (P < 0.05). However, no significant difference was detected in comparison with group B. There was no significant change in Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale scores between and within groups. All cognitive measures were similar in terms of differences from baseline between the groups (P > 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex did not show any significant beneficial effect on pain, stiffness, fatigue, quality of life, mood, and cognitive state over sham stimulation.
Prescription Opioid Use and Risk for Major Depressive Disorder and Anxiety and Stress-Related Disorders: A Multivariable Mendelian Randomization Analysis$$$ Importance: Growing evidence suggests that prescription opioid use affects depression and anxiety disorders; however, observational studies are subject to confounding, making causal inference and determining the direction of these associations difficult. Objective: To investigate the potential bidirectional associations between the genetic liability for prescription opioid and other nonopioid pain medications and both major depressive disorder (MDD) and anxiety and stress-related disorders (ASRD) using genetically based methods. Design, Setting, and Participants: We performed 2-sample mendelian randomization (MR) using summary statistics from genome-wide association studies (GWAS) to assess potential associations of self-reported prescription opioid and nonopioid analgesics, including nonsteroidal anti-inflammatories (NSAIDs) and acetaminophen-like derivatives use with MDD and ASRD. The GWAS data were derived from participants of predominantly European ancestry included in observational cohorts. Data were analyzed February 20, 2020, to May 4, 2020. Main Outcomes and Measures: Major depressive disorder, ASRD, and self-reported pain medications (opioids, NSAIDs, anilides, and salicylic acid). Results: The GWAS data were derived from participants of predominantly European ancestry included in the population-based UK Biobank and Lundbeck Foundation Initiative for Integrative Psychiatric Research studies: approximately 54% of the initial UK Biobank sample and 55.6% of the Lundbeck Foundation Initiative for Integrative Psychiatric Research sample selected for the ASRD GWAS were women. In a combined sample size of 737473 study participants, single-variable MR showed that genetic liability for increased prescription opioid use was associated with increased risk of both MDD (odds ratio [OR] per unit increase in log odds opioid use, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.06-1.22; P <.001) and ASRD (OR, 1.24; 95% CI, 1.07-1.44; P =.004). Using multivariable MR, these opioid use estimates remained after accounting for other nonopioid pain medications (MDD OR, 1.14; 95% CI, 1.04-1.25; P =.005; ASRD OR, 1.30; 95% CI, 1.08-1.46; P =.006), and in separate models, accounting for comorbid pain conditions. Bidirectional analyses showed that genetic liability for MDD but not ASRD was associated with increased prescription opioid use risk (OR, 1.18; 95% CI, 1.08-1.30; P <.001). These estimates were generally consistent across single-variable and multivariable inverse variance-weighted (MV-IVW) and MR-Egger sensitivity analyses. Pleiotropy-robust methods did not indicate bias in any MV-IVW estimates. Conclusions and Relevance: The findings of this mendelian randomization analysis suggest evidence for potential causal associations between the genetic liability for increased prescription opioid use and the risk for MDD and ASRD. While replication studies are necessary, these findings may inform prevention and intervention strategies directed toward the opioid epidemic and depression.
Non-invasive brain stimulation effectiveness in anxiety disorder treatment: a meta-analysis on sham/behavior-controlled studies$$$ Background: Recently, the possibility of using non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) to treat mental disorders received considerable attention. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are considered effective treatments for depressive symptoms. However, no recommendation is available for anxiety disorders, suggesting that evidence is still limited. Objective: We systematically revised the existing literature, and quantitatively analyzed the effectiveness of rTMS and tDCS in anxiety disorders treatment. Method: Following PRISMA guidelines, 3 electronic databases were screened to the end of February 2020 to select English-written peer-reviewed articles including (i) a clinical sample of patients with anxiety disorders, (ii) the use of a NIBS technique, (iii) the inclusion of a control condition, and (iv) pre-post scores at a validated questionnaire measuring anxious symptoms. Results: Eleven papers met the inclusion criteria, comprising 154 participants assigned to the real stimulation condition and 164 to the sham or control group. The Hedge g for scores at disorder specific and general anxiety questionnaires before and after the treatment was computed as effect size and analyzed in two independent random-effects meta-analyses. Considering the well-known comorbidity between anxiety and depression, a third meta-analysis was run, analyzing depression scores outcomes. Results showed a significant effect of NIBS in reducing questionnaires scores in the real vs. control condition at specific and general anxiety measures, and depressive symptoms. Conclusion: Albeit preliminary, our findings highlighted that real stimulation reduced anxiety and depression scores compared to the control condition, suggesting that NIBS can alleviate clinical symptoms in patients with anxiety diseases.
The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for bipolar depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has established efficacy in the treatment of unipolar depression and a growing evidence base in the treatment of bipolar depression. The objective of this study was to provide an estimate of the efficacy of rTMS in bipolar depression as an up to date synthesis of this literature is lacking. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of the sham-controlled randomized controlled trial (RCT) literature examining rTMS in bipolar depression. Studies were included if they included participants with bipolar depression in both sham- and active arms. The primary outcome parameter was rate of clinical response, defined as a 50% reduction as compared to baseline, on an established depression rating scale. Quantitative synthesis was performed using the Maentel-Haenszel random-effects model. Results: Data from a total of 274 patients from 14 studies were retained in the quantitative synthesis. The response rates were higher in rTMS compared to sham treatment (odds ratio (OR) = 2.72. 95%CI: 1.44–5.14). When stimulation protocols were analysed separately, statistically significant clinical response was only observed for high-frequency rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (OR = 2.57, 95%CI: 1.17–5.66). Limitations: Most data was extracted from trials including very few participants with bipolar depression (predominantly unipolar depression samples). Large confirmatory RCTs of rTMS specifically for bipolar depression are lacking. Conclusion: rTMS seems effective in the treatment of bipolar depression, but dedicated and adequately powered RCTs are needed in order to firmly conclude that rTMS should be offered routinely for the treatment of bipolar depression.
A double-blind randomized clinical trial of high frequency rTMS over the DLPFC on nicotine dependence, anxiety and depression$$$ High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC) is a widely applied treatment protocol for chronic smoking and major depressive disorder. However, no previous study has measured the effects of rTMS on both nicotine consumption and anxiety/depression in the same volunteers despite the relationship between them. The aim of this work was to evaluate the efficacy of 10 daily sessions of HF-rTMS over the L-DLPFC in chronic cigarette smokers' addiction and investigate the possible beneficial effects of this treatment procedure on symptoms of depression and anxiety in the same subjects. The study included 40 treatment-seeking nicotine-dependent cigarette smokers. Onset/duration of smoking, number of cigarettes/day, Fagerstrom Test of Nicotine Dependence (FTND), Tobacco Craving Questionnaire-Short Form (TCQ-SF), Hamilton depression and anxiety scales (HAM-D and HAM-A) were recorded. Participants were randomly assigned to the active or the sham treatment group. Those in the active group received 10 trains of 20 Hz stimulation, at 80% of the resting motor threshold (rMT) for 10 consecutive working days over L-DLPFC. Participants were reassessed immediately after treatment, and then 3 months later using all rating scales. There were no differences between active and sham groups at baseline. The cigarette consumption/day, and scores on FTND, and TCQ decreased significantly in both groups (p = 0.0001 for each) immediately after treatment. However, improvement persisted to 3 months in the active group but not in the sham group. Moreover, there was a significant reduction in HAM-D and HAM-A scores immediately after treatment in the active but not the sham group. Subjects with a longer history of smoking had a lower percent improvement in FTND (p = 0.005). Our findings revealed that HF-rTMS over L-DLPCF for 10 days reduced cigarette consumption, craving, dependence, and improved associated symptoms of anxiety and depression.ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT03264755 registered at 29/08/2017.
Psychiatric profile and quality of life of subjects with excess weight treated with transcranial direct current stimulation combined with a hypocaloric diet$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) may reduce appetite and caloric intake and may be able to play a role as an adjunct treatment for obesity. Stimulation of this brain area is also used for the treatment of depression, which shares a common pathophysiology with obesity. As a result, the effect of tDCS on mental health and its impact on the quality of life of subjects with excess weight needs to be addressed. Objective: To assess the effect of daily tDCS of the right DLPFC on mood, daytime sleepiness, anxiety and quality of life in subjects with excess weight on a hypocaloric diet. Methods: We randomly assigned 28 subjects to receive 20 sessions of active or sham tDCS over the right DLPFC for 20 consecutive weekdays. The severity of depressive and anxiety symptoms was assessed by the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory-State (STAI-S). Sleepiness was measured by a daytime sleepiness questionnaire (DSQ), and quality of life was measured by the 36-Item Short Form Health Survey (SF-36). Results: There were no significant changes in BDI, STAI-S and DSQ scores between groups, even after adjustments for the use of antidepressant medications and changes in body weight. There were also no significant changes in different subscales of the SF-36 quality of life questionnaire between groups. Conclusion: Repetitive tDCS on the right DLPFC is not associated with impairment in mental health or quality of life in overweight and obese subjects.
Non-pharmacological treatment for Parkinson disease patients with depression: a meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive-behavioral treatment$$$ Background: Nowadays, antidepressants still are the mainstay of treatment for depression in Parkinson’s disease (PD) but some recent studies report that medication might aggravate motor symptoms in PD patients. This meta-analysis aims to assess the effect of non-pharmacological treatments for depression in patients with PD. Materials and Methods: Only randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. The participants were PD patients with comorbid depression (dPD). The interventions had the equivalent effect of non-pharmacological treatments alone compared with control(s). Scores of depression scale were selected as the primary outcome, while scores of Unified Parkinson’s Disease Rating Scale part III and the incidence of side effects were the secondary outcome. The statistics were pooled and presented as weighted mean differences (WMDs), standardized mean differences (SMDs), or risk ratios (RRs) with their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: Fifteen articles were eventually included; twelve studies reported on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and three used cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). Other interventions failed to have qualified studies. Our data indicated that both rTMS and CBT could significantly improve depression scores in a short term (SMD = −0.621, 95% CI [−0.964, −0.278]; SMD = −1.148, 95% CI [−1.498, −0.798], respectively). In addition, rTMS could alleviate motor symptom (WMD = −2.617, 95% CI [−4.183, −1.051]) and was relatively safe (RR = 1.054, 95% CI [0.698, 1.592]). Conclusion: Our data suggest that rTMS can safely alleviate depression and motor symptoms in dPD at least for a short period. Moreover, compared with clinical monitoring, CBT can improve depressive symptoms.
Neuronavigation based 10 sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy in chronic migraine: an exploratory study$$$ Introduction: Chronic migraine is a disease of altered cortical excitability. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation provides a novel non-invasive method to target the nociceptive circuits in the cortex. Motor cortex is one such potential target. In this study, we targeted the left motor cortex using fMRI-guided neuronavigation. Materials and Methods: Twenty right-handed patients were randomized into real and sham rTMS group. Baseline subjective pain assessments were done using visual analog scale (VAS) and questionnaires: State-Trait Anxiety Inventory, Becks Depression Inventory, and Migraine Disability Assessment (MIDAS) questionnaire. Objectively, pain was assessed by means of thermal pain thresholds using quantitative sensory testing. For corticomotor excitability parameters, resting motor thresholds and motor-evoked potentials were mapped. For rTMS total, 600 pulses in 10 trains at 10 Hz with an intertrain interval of 60 s were delivered in each session. Ten such sessions were given 5 days per week over 2 consecutive weeks. The duration of each session was 10 min. Real rTMS was administered at 70% of Resting MT. All the tests were repeated post-intervention and after 1 month of follow-up. There are no studies reporting the use of fMRI-based TMS for targeting the motor cortex in CM patients. Results: We observed a significant reduction in the mean VAS rating, headache frequency, and MIDAS questionnaire in real rTMS group which was maintained after 1 month of follow-up. Conclusion: Ten sessions of fMRI-based rTMS over the left motor cortex may provide long-term pain relief in CM, but further studies are warranted to confirm our preliminary findings.
Effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with failed back surgery syndrome: A double-blind randomized placebo-controlled study$$$ Background: Failed back surgery syndrome (FBSS) is the term of persistent back /and or leg pain after lumbar surgery. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (r-TMS) is a technique that allows noninvasive and relatively painless stimulation of cerebral cortex. It can reduce the experience of chronic pain by producing the small electrical currents in the cortex via magnetic field. Objectives: The aim of this study is to determine the effectiveness of r-TMS treatment on patients with FBSS. Study Design: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial. Setting: The Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation Clinic of Istanbul Fatih Sultan Mehmet Training and Research Hospital, Istanbul, Turkey. Methods: In this double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 20 patients (aged 34-65 years) clinically diagnosed as FBSS who had a history of surgery for lumbar disc herniation with persistent back and leg pain were reviewed. Only patients with no root compression and or spinal stenosis in postoperative magnetic resonance imaging of lumbar spine were included. Patients were randomly assigned to r-TMS (n:10) and sham (n:10) groups. Patients in the r-TMS group received 5 Hz of r-TMS as a 20-minute (1,000 pulses) daily session, 5 days per week, for a total of 10 sessions. r-TMS was applied with MagVenture device (MagPro X100, Denmark, 2009) and figure 8 coil (MMC 140 parabolic, MagVenture). Control group received sham r-TMS with the same protocol. Each patient was evaluated at baseline, days 5 and 10 of treatment, and 1 and 3 months after treatment. Visual Analog Scale (VAS), DN4 (Douleur Neuropathique en 4 Questions), Oswestry Disability Index (ODI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) were used for evaluation. Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the groups for age, gender, number of surgeries, pain duration, working status, and drug usage. Significant improvements were achieved in DN4, ODI, BDI, and PSQI scores in the r-TMS group in comparison to the sham group. Both groups displayed improvements in VAS scores, whereas improvement in the sham group was limited to the first month. Achieved improvements in the r-TMS group in terms of VAS, DN4, ODI, BDI, and PSQI scores were sustained at the third month. Limitations: The limited number of patients and the short follow-up periods are the main limitations of our study. Further placebo-controlled studies with longer follow-up periods and greater number of cases would be beneficial for examining r-TMS application as a new treatment option in patients with FBSS. Conclusions: r-TMS might be an effective alternative treatment in patients with FBSS, further studies with larger groups are needed.
New approaches based on non-invasive brain stimulation and mental representation techniques targeting pain in parkinson’s disease patients: Two study protocols for two randomized controlled trials$$$ Pain is an under-reported but prevalent symptom in Parkinson’s Disease (PD), impacting patients’ quality of life. Both pain and PD conditions cause cortical excitability reduction and non-invasive brain stimulation. Mental representation techniques are thought to be able to counteract it, also resulting effectively in chronic pain conditions. We aim to conduct two independent studies in order to evaluate the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and mental representation protocol in the management of pain in PD patients during the ON state: (1) tDCS over the Primary Motor Cortex (M1); and (2) Action Observation (AO) and Motor Imagery (MI) training through a Brain-Computer Interface (BCI) using Virtual Reality (AO + MI-BCI). Both studies will include 32 subjects in a longitudinal prospective parallel randomized controlled trial design under different blinding conditions. The main outcomes will be score changes in King’s Parkinson’s Disease Pain Scale, Brief Pain Inventory, Temporal Summation, Conditioned Pain Modulation, and Pain Pressure Threshold. Assessment will be performed pre-intervention, post-intervention, and 15 days post-intervention, in both ON and OFF states.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized clinical trials$$$ We aimed to conduct a meta-analysis to evaluate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with post-stroke depression (PSD). Six relevant electronic databases (PubMed, CENTRAL, Embase, Web of Science, CINAHL, and PsycINFO) were searched. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) that compared rTMS with control condition for PSD were included. The mean change in depression symptom scores was defined as the primary efficacy outcome. Secondary outcomes included the remission rate of depression, stroke recovery, and cognitive function recovery. In total, 7 RCTs with 351 participants were included. At post-treatment, rTMS was significantly more effective than the control condition, with a standardized mean difference (SMD) of –1.15 (95%CI: –1.62 to –0.69; P<0.001, I2 =71%) and remission with an odds ratio (OR) of 3.46 (95%CI: 1.68 to 7.12; P<0.001; I2 =11%). As for stroke recovery, rTMS was also better than the control condition (SMD=–0.67, 95%CI: –1.02 to –0.32; P<0.001). However, no significant difference was found for cognitive function recovery between the two groups (SMD=4.07, 95%CI: –1.41 to 9.55; P=0.15). To explore the potential moderators for the primary outcome, a series of subgroup and sensitivity analyses were performed. The results implied that rTMS may be more effective in Asian samples than in North American samples (P=0.03). In conclusion, from the current evidence in this study, rTMS could be an effective treatment for patients with PSD. Further clinical studies with larger sample sizes and clearer subgroup definitions are needed to confirm these outcomes.
Recent updates on electro-convulsive therapy in patients with depression$$$ Objective Electro-convulsive therapy (ECT) has been established as a treatment modality for patients with treatment-resistant depression and with some specific subtypes of depression. This narrative review intends to provide psychiatrists with the latest findings on the use of ECT in depression, devided into total eight sub-topics. Methods We searched PubMed for English-language articles using combined keywords and tried to analyze journals published from 1995-2020. Results Pharmacotherapy such as antidepressants or maintenance ECT is more effective than a placebo as prevention of recurrence after ECT. The use of ECT in treatment-resistant depression, depressed patients with suicidal risks, elderly depression, bipolar depression, psychotic depression, and depression during pregnancy or postpartum have therapeutic benefits. As possible mechanisms of ECT, the role of neurotransmitters such as serotonin, dopamine, gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), and other findings in the field of neurophysiology, neuro-immunology, and neurogenesis are also supported. Conclusion ECT is evolving toward reducing cognitive side effects and maximizing therapeutic effects. If robust evidence for ECT through randomized controlled studies are more established and the mechanism of ECT gets further clarified, the scope of its use in the treatment of depression will be more expanded in the future.
Improvement in borderline personality disorder symptomatology after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex: Preliminary results$$$ Objective: Current treatment for borderline personality disorder (BPD) involves psychological and pharmacological interventions. However, neuromodulation techniques such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may positively affect BPD symptomatology. The objective of this study was to evaluate the clinical and neuropsychological effects of rTMS on the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) in BPD patients. Methods: Fourteen patients with BPD were randomized into two groups (active vs. sham) for 15 sessions of rTMS on the DMPFC. Clinical effects were measured using the Borderline Symptoms List (BSL), Clinical Global Impression Scale for BPD (CGI-BPD), Borderline Evaluation of Severity over Time (BEST), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HARS), and Barratt’s Impulsiveness Scale (BIS). Neuropsychological effects were determined by a Stop-Signal Task (SST), the Wisconsin Card-Sorting Test (WCST), and the Iowa Gambling Test (IGT). Results: Within-group comparison showed significant differences (p < 0.05) in CGI-BPD (total score and six of nine psychopathologic domains), BEST, HDRS, HARS, and IGT scores for active modality. Conclusion: The 5 Hz-DMPFC rTMS technique was well tolerated and lessened the severity of BPD symptomatology, especially abandonment, affective issues, interpersonal relationships, suicidal behavior, anger, and paranoid ideation. Cognitive improvement was seen in decision-making. Additional studies are needed to fully evaluate the effects of rTMS on BPD symptomatology. Clinical Trial Registration: NCT03832777.
Left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in adolescents: a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is prevalent and associated with a substantial psychosocial burden and mortality. There are few prior studies of interventions for TRD in adolescents. This was the largest study to date examining the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of 10-Hz transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for adolescents with TRD. Adolescents with TRD (aged 12–21 years) were enrolled in a randomized, sham-controlled trial of TMS across 13 sites. Treatment resistance was defined as an antidepressant treatment record level of 1 to 4 in a current episode of depression. Intention-to-treat patients (n = 103) included those randomly assigned to active NeuroStar TMS monotherapy (n = 48) or sham TMS (n = 55) for 30 daily treatments over 6 weeks. The primary outcome measure was change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D-24) score. After 6 weeks of blinded treatment, improvement in the least-squares mean (SE) HAM-D-24 scores were similar between the active (−11.1 [2.03]) and sham groups (−10.6 [2.00]; P = 0.8; difference [95% CI], − 0.5 [−4.2 to 3.3]). Response rates were 41.7% in the active group and 36.4% in the sham group (P = 0.6). Remission rates were 29.2% in the active group and 29.0% in the sham group (P = 0.95). There were no new tolerability or safety signals in adolescents. Although TMS treatment produced a clinically meaningful change in depressive symptom severity, this did not differ from sham treatment. Future studies should focus on strategies to reduce the placebo response and examine the optimal dosing of TMS for adolescents with TRD.
Diagnostics of inherited metabolic diseases in newborns with the hyperammonemia syndrome at the onset of disease (Pilot study)$$$ The aim of the study was to develop a diagnostic model that allows with a high degree of probability predicting the development of inherited metabolic disease (IMD) in newborns with the hyperammonemia syndrome at the onset of disease and determine the adequate management tactics for such patients. Materials and Methods. The study included 15 female and 5 male infants with the hyperammonemia syndrome. All the patients underwent a full range of clinical laboratory studies in accordance with the standards of treatment of the underlying disease. Blood ammonia measuring (quantitative assessment) was carried out on the basis of the biochemical laboratory of the Children’s City Clinical Hospital No.1 (Nizhny Novgorod, Russia) using a portable PocketChem BA blood ammonia meter (Japan) and Ammonia Test Kit II test strips (Japan) in accordance with the manufacturer’s protocol. The confirmation of the IMD diagnosis was carried out using the tandem mass spectrometry (TMS) method and molecular genetic testing (genome sequencing). To check the assumptions, all the patients during the follow-up were randomized retrospectively into two groups depending on the TMS results and molecular genetic testing. Group 1 (n=8) included the patients diagnosed with IMD and group 2 (n=12) included the patients with transient hyperammonemia in the neonatal period. Results. The clinical manifestations of the hyperammonemia syndrome in the neonatal period are most frequently realized in the form of a syndrome of CNS depression of varying degrees up to coma (75%), a convulsive syndrome (55%), vomiting (40%) without significant differences in the frequency of occurrence due to the causes of hyperammonemia. In a third of cases, the onset of the hyperammonemia syndrome occurs in the early neonatal period. The ammonia levels in patients with hyperammonemia caused by IMD are statistically significantly higher than those in patients with transient hyperammonemia (p=0.014) which may serve as the first diagnostic sign of IMD in a newborn. A tendency to a more frequent development of anemia in infants with IMD (p=0.084) has been established which might be due to the compensation of metabolic acidosis. The presence of anemia in combination with clinical features and the level of hyperammonemia increases the risk of IMD. In the course of the study, a diagnostic model was developed for predicting the risk of IMD development in a newborn at the onset of hyperammonemia. Through the discriminant analysis, a statistically significant relationship was established between the level of ammonia at the onset, blood glucose and base deficiency levels, blood lactate, hemoglobin, erythrocyte levels, the average volume of erythrocytes and the pH level (p=0.040) with the risk of IMD development. The sensitivity of the model has amounted to 87.5%, the specificity — 83.3%. The diagnostic efficiency of the model is 85.0%. Conclusion. The proposed model can be used at detecting the debut of the hyperammonemia syndrome in newborns in order to predict the probability of IMD and work out the adequate tactics of the management for these patients.
Special Report on the Impact of the COVID-19 Pandemic on Clinical EEG and Research and Consensus Recommendations for the Safe Use of EEG$$$ Introduction: The global COVID-19 pandemic has affected the economy, daily life, and mental/physical health. The latter includes the use of electroencephalography (EEG) in clinical practice and research. We report a survey of the impact of COVID-19 on the use of clinical EEG in practice and research in several countries, and the recommendations of an international panel of experts for the safe application of EEG during and after this pandemic. Methods: Fifteen clinicians from 8 different countries and 25 researchers from 13 different countries reported the impact of COVID-19 on their EEG activities, the procedures implemented in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, and precautions planned or already implemented during the reopening of EEG activities. Results: Of the 15 clinical centers responding, 11 reported a total stoppage of all EEG activities, while 4 reduced the number of tests per day. In research settings, all 25 laboratories reported a complete stoppage of activity, with 7 laboratories reopening to some extent since initial closure. In both settings, recommended precautions for restarting or continuing EEG recording included strict hygienic rules, social distance, and assessment for infection symptoms among staff and patients/participants. Conclusions: The COVID-19 pandemic interfered with the use of EEG recordings in clinical practice and even more in clinical research. We suggest updated best practices to allow safe EEG recordings in both research and clinical settings. The continued use of EEG is important in those with psychiatric diseases, particularly in times of social alarm such as the COVID-19 pandemic.
Electroconvulsive Therapy for Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a well-established treatment for psychiatric disorders, including depression and psychosis. ECT has been reported to be effective in treating such psychiatric symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) and has been also reported to be effective in treating motor symptoms. The aim of the study is to summarize previous clinical studies investigating the efficacy of ECT for symptoms in patients with PD. Methods: A systematic review and meta-analysis of any study designs assessing motor and/or non-motor symptoms in patients with PD before and after ECT. Co-primary outcomes were set as motor manifestations assessed using the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale or other rating scales, and non-motor symptoms included depression and psychosis. Secondary outcomes were wearing-off phenomenon and cognitive function. The impact of ECT on those symptoms was examined by comparing the severity of the symptoms before and after ECT using a random effect model and was expressed in standardized mean difference. Results: Of 1219 identified citations, 14 studies (n = 129; 1 randomized controlled study, 9 prospective observational studies, and 4 retrospective studies) were analyzed. The findings were as follows: ECT significantly improved motor manifestations in patients with PD, and the improvement was significant in the subpopulation without psychiatric symptoms; ECT significantly improved depression and psychosis; and ECT significantly relieved wearing-off phenomenon and did not worsen cognitive functioning. Conclusion: The current meta-analysis suggests the potential benefit of ECT on motor and non-motor symptoms in presumably complicated and difficult-to-treat subgroups. © 2020 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society.
Comeback of ketamine: Resurfacing facts and dispelling myths$$$ Initially known as CI-581, ketamine was first synthesized in 1962 as a replacement from phencyclidine. It has since been used as an anesthetic and analgesic. In addition, it has bronchodilating, sedative, and amnestic properties, preserving airway reflexes and sympathetic nervous system tone. Since the discovery of ketamine, it has been a major topic of discussion due to controversies regarding its usage in particular sets of patients. In the past 50 years, despite its potential benefits, it is not commonly used because of concerns of “emergence phenomenon,” its use as a substance of abuse, and its systemic side effects. Since 2012, three World Health Organization reviews on ketamine have addressed its international control. Researchers have been studying this wonder drug for a decade worldwide. Many myths of ketamine regarding emergence phenomenon and its use in traumatic brain injury and open eye injury have been disproved in recent times. It is becoming popular in pre-hospital settings, critical care, emergency medicine, low-dose acute pain services, and adjuvant in regional anesthesia techniques. This review highlights the current consensus on the various applications of ketamine in the literature.
Frontal transcranial direct current stimulation as a potential treatment of parkinson’s disease-related fatigue$$$ In contrast to motor symptoms, non-motor symptoms in Parkinson’s disease (PD) are often poorly recognized and inadequately treated. Fatigue is one of the most common non-motor symptoms in PD and affects a broad range of everyday activities, causes disability, and substantially reduces the quality of life. It occurs at every stage of PD, and once present, it often persists and worsens over time. PD patients attending the 2013 World Parkinson Congress voted fatigue as the leading symptom in need of further research. However, despite its clinical significance, little progress has been made in understanding the causes of Parkinson’s disease-related fatigue (PDRF) and developing effective treatment options, which argues strongly for a greater effort. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a technique to non-invasively modulate cortical excitability by delivering low electrical currents to the cerebral cortex. In the past, it has been consistently evidenced that tDCS has the ability to induce neuromodulatory changes in the motor, sensory, and cognitive domains. Importantly, recent data present tDCS over the frontal cortex as an effective therapeutic option to treat fatigue in patients suffering from multiple sclerosis (MS). The current opinion paper reviews recent data on PDRF and the application of tDCS for the treatment of fatigue in neuropsychiatric disorders to further develop an idea of using frontal anodal tDCS as a potential therapeutic strategy to alleviate one of the most common and severe non-motor symptoms of PD.
Efficacy and safety of multi-session transcranial direct current stimulation on social cognition in schizophrenia: A study protocol for an open-label, single-arm trial$$$ Backgrounds: Social cognition is defined as the mental operations underlying social behavior. Patients with schizophrenia elicit impairments of social cognition, which is linked to poor real-world functional outcomes. In a previous study, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) improved emotional recognition, a domain of social cognition, in patients with schizophrenia. However, since social cognition was only minimally improved by tDCS when administered on frontal brain areas, investigations on the effect of tDCS on other cortical sites more directly related to social cognition are needed. Therefore, we present a study protocol to determine whether multi-session tDCS on superior temporal sulcus (STS) would improve social cognition deficits of schizophrenia. Methods: This is an open-label, single-arm trial, whose objective is to investigate the efficacy and safety of multi-session tDCS over the left STS to improve social cognition in patients with schizophrenia. The primary outcome measure will be the Social Cognition Screening Questionnaire. Neurocognition, functional capacity, and psychotic symptoms will also be evaluated by the Brief Assessment of Cognition in Schizophrenia, UCSD Performance-Based Skills Assessment-Brief, and Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, respectively. Data will be collected at baseline, and 4 weeks after the end of intervention. If social cognition is improved in patients with schizophrenia by tDCS based on this protocol, we may plan randomized controlled trial.
Efficacy and safety of tdcs and tacs in treatment of major depressive disorder: A randomized, double-blind, factorial placebo-controlled study design$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) are regarded as promising antidepressant treatments. Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of tDCS, tACS, escitalopram, and placebo/ sham stimulation controls. Design: Randomized, parallel, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Methods: Sample sizes were calculated based on data from previous similar studies. Eligible non-treatment-resistant-depressive outpatient subjects with moderate-to-severe depression (HRDS ≥17) are randomized to receive (1) tDCS + placebo; (2) tACS + placebo; (3) escitalopram + placebo; or (4) sham stimulation + placebo. The intensity of electricity is 2 mA, lasting for 30 minutes over two consecutive working days (10 sessions in total). The medication lasts for 6 weeks. The primary outcome measure was the response rates within 6 weeks (week 6 is also the endpoint of the study), and secondary outcome measures included changes in other clinical measurements. Safety and acceptability are measured by adverse event rates and dropout rates. Exploring outcome consist of the performance of cognitive battery as well as neurophysiology results. Conclusion: To the best of our knowledge, the present study is the first double-blind controlled study comparing tDCS, tACS, and clinically used antidepressants, which will provide further evidence for their efficacy and safety in possible clinical applications.
Reduced synaptic plasticity contributes to resistance against constant-stimulus electroconvulsive treatment in a rat model of stress-induced depression$$$ Purpose: Depression is a common mood disorder in humans worldwide. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the most effective treatment for patients with drug-resistant or severe depression; however, during ECT, electrical resistance can occur, antagonizing ECT efficacy. We aimed to investigate how depressed patients develop resistance to electric shocks during ECT. Methods: Rats exposed to chronic unpredictable stress exert similar impairments in hippo-campal synaptic plasticity as those in depressed humans, including hippocampal neuronal atrophy and reduced synaptic function and synapse-related proteins. Therefore, a rat model was used to model depressive-like behaviors in the current study. Depression-like behavior was stimulated in Sprague Dawley (SD) rats that were then randomized into six groups: control group (C); a rat model of stress-induced depression group (D); and four groups in which a rat model of stress-induced depression received one, three, five, or seven electro-convulsive shocks (ECS; DE1, DE3, DE5, and DE7). The sucrose preference test (SPT) and Morris water maze (MWM) were utilized to evaluate anhedonia and spatial learning and memory in rats, respectively. Synaptic plasticity was recorded electrophysiologically in terms of field excitatory postsynaptic potential (fEPSP) and long-term potentiation (LTP). Results: The rat model of stress-induced depression triggered a decrease in the sucrose preference percentage (SPP) and the baseline fEPSP slope relative to those observed for the C group, and these changes were significantly rescued by ECT in a shock number-dependent manner within five shocks. However, the rat model of stress-induced depression displayed an increase in the escape latency and a decrease in space exploration time, in addition to decreased LTP relative to those in the C group, which was further augmented by ECT in a shock number-dependent manner within five shocks. Conclusion: Changes in synaptic plasticity might be responsible for the development of resistance against constant-stimulus ECT in a rat model of stress-induced depression.
Neurostimulation methods in the treatment of depression: A comparison of RTMS, TDCS, and venlafaxine using a pooled analysis of two studies$$$ Background: There are no head-to-head studies comparing the antidepressant effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). This pooled analysis compared indirectly the antidepressant efficacy and acceptability of rTMS, tDCS, and the antidepressant venlafaxine (VNF) extended-release. Methods: The analysis (n=117, both patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) and non-TRD were included) examined pooled data from two 4-week, single-centered, two-armed, double-blind, randomized studies (EUDRACT n. 2005-000826-22 and EUDRACT n. 2015-001639-19). The antidepressant efficacy of right-sided low-frequency rTMS (n=29) vs VNF (n=31) and left-sided anodal tDCS (n=29) vs VNF (n=28) was evaluated. The primary outcome was a change in the Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score from baseline to the treatment endpoint at week 4. The response was defined as a ≥50% reduction in the MADRS score and remission as the MADRS score ≤10 points, both were calculated for the primary treatment endpoint at week 4. Results: Mean change in total MADRS scores from baseline to week 4 was 7.0 (95% CI, 4.8–9.1) points in the rTMS group, 7.6 (95% CI, 5.5–9.8) in the tDCS group, and 8.9 (95% CI, 7.4–10.4) among patients in the VNF group, a non-significant difference (F(2111)=0.62, p=0.54). Similarly, neither the response rates nor remission rates for rTMS (response 31%; remission 17%), tDCS (24%, 17%), or VNF (41%; 27%) significantly differed among treatment groups (χ2=2.59, p=0.28; χ2=1.66, p=0.44). Twenty patients (17%) dropped out of the studies in a similar proportion across groups (rTMS 3/29, tDCS 6/29, VNF 11/59, χ2=1.41, p=0.52). Conclusion: Our current analysis found a comparable efficacy and acceptability in all three treatment modalities (rTMS, tDCS, and VNF) and clinical relevance for the acute treatment of major depressive disorder.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the cognitive impairment induced by sleep deprivation: a randomized trial$$$ Objective: Currently, an efficient method for improving cognitive impairment due to sleep deprivation (SD) is lacking. The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) during SD on reversing the adverse effects of SD. Methods: A total of 66 healthy people were randomized into the rTMS group and sham group. Both groups were deprived of sleep for 24 h. During SD, participants were asked to complete several cognitive tasks and underwent mood assessments. Saliva cortisol levels, plasma concentrations of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), precursor BDNF (proBDNF), and tissue-type plasminogen activator (tPA), and frontal blood activation were detected before and after SD. The rTMS group received real rTMS stimulation for 2 sessions of 10 Hz rTMS (40 trains of 50 pulses with a 20-second intertrain interval) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the sham group received sham stimulation during SD. Results: Twenty-four hours of SD induced a reduced accuracy in the n-back task, increases in both anxiety and depression, increased cortisol levels, decreased frontal blood activation and decreased BDNF levels in healthy people. Notably, rTMS improved the hyperactivity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis and decreased frontal blood activation induced by SD, and reduced the consumption of plasma proBDNF. Conclusions: Twenty-four hours of SD induced a cognitive impairment. The administration of high-frequency rTMS during sleep deprivation exerted positive effects on HPA axis and frontal activation and might help alleviate cognitive impairment in the long term.
Subanesthetic dose of ketamine for the antidepressant effects and the associated cognitive impairments of electroconvulsive therapy in elderly patients—A randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical study$$$ Objectives: We previously confirmed that low-dose ketamine, as an adjunctive anesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adult patients with depression, accelerates the effects of ECT and reduces the ECT-induced learning and memory deficits. This study explored the efficacy and safety of low-dose ketamine in elderly patients with depression. Methods: Elderly patients with depression (N = 157) were randomly divided into two groups: propofol anesthesia group (group P) and propofol combined with ketamine anesthesia group (group KP). Patients in group KP were given low-dose ketamine (0.3 mg/kg) for each ECT treatment; patients in group P were given the same amount of normal saline. Depressive symptoms and global cognitive functions were assessed using the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Mini-Mental State Examination, respectively, at baseline, 1 day after the 1st, 2nd, 4th, and 6th ECT sessions, and 1 day after the end of the ECT course. ECT effects of and complications were recorded. Results: In total, 67 patients in group KP and 70 in group P completed the study. After the ECT, the response and remission rates were 82.09% and 73.13%, respectively, in group KP, and 81.43% and 68.57%, respectively, in group P; there was no statistical difference between groups. However, the incidence of cognitive function impairment was lower in group KP (10.4%) than in group P (25.7%), while different electrical dose and seizure duration were required during the course of treatment between the two groups. There was no difference in the complications of ECT between groups. Conclusions: Low-dose ketamine is safe as an adjunct anesthetic for elderly patients subjected to ECT. It has a protective effect on cognitive function and may accelerate the antidepressant effects of ECT.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of adolescent attention deficit/ hyperactivity disorder: A narrative review of literature$$$ Attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), one of the most common neurodevelopmental disorders, affected 3.3 million adolescents in the United States (US) in 2016. Ten to 30 percent of these patients do not respond to standard pharmacotherapy and, as a result, suffer adverse physical/mental health and socioeconomic consequences. Despite being approved by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for treatment of adult depression, with evidence suggesting positive outcomes in children and adults in treatment of ADHD and good safety and tolerability records, there is no existent literature reviewing the efficacy, safety, and feasibility of use of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of adolescent ADHD. Thus, We have conducted this review for which a thorough literature search was conducted on PubMed and PsycInfo databases using a combination of MeSH terms that yielded 32 articles, five of which satisfied the inclusion criteria. We observed objective improvements in ADHD treatment outcomes in adolescent patients who participated in a randomized, sham-controlled, crossover pilot study that assessed the safety and efficacy of TMS. The study participants did not suffer any major adverse events, which was also supported by findings from other studies. However, since only one study out of five included in the review is an interventional study with limited number of study participants, there is a need to conduct large-scale clinical trials that recruit a greater number of study participants to explore the clinical efficacy and safety of TMS in the treatment of adolescent ADHD patients who do not respond to or tolerate standard pharmacotherapy based on the preliminary data extracted to this end.
The Diagnosis and Management of Reversible Dementia Syndromes$$$ Purpose of Review: This article discusses the diagnostic evaluation and management of reversible dementia syndromes. It highlights clinical syndromes and explores the recent literature implicating certain reversible factors in Alzheimer’s disease pathogenesis. Recent Findings: The prevalence of fully reversible dementia is low, but there is growing awareness for potentially reversible contributors to neurodegenerative disease. In particular, exposure to anticholinergic medications, obstructive sleep apnea, and depression have emerged as potentially modifiable targets in the pathogenesis of preclinical and early Alzheimer’s disease. Treatment of these factors may not only reverse any direct cognitive effects but also prevent downstream neurodegeneration. Summary: There is substantial opportunity to improve outcome in patients with dementia due to reversible etiologies. Even in the setting of primary neurodegenerative disease, conscientious effort is required to recognize and address reversible contributors.
Continuous theta-burst stimulation over the right orbitofrontal cortex in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder treatment: A randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Purpose: Examining whether modulation of right orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) activity by continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) affects obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) symptoms. Patients and Methods: A total of 28 treatment-resistant OCD participants were treated with either active or sham cTBS of the OFC twice per day, for five days a week, for 2 weeks, in a double-blinded manner. Clinical response to treatment was determined using the Yale– Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS). Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the 2 groups after two weeks of treatment in the Yale–Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale score (group*time interaction, F2,20=0.996, p=0.387) and other secondary outcome measures, including anxiety symptoms and responder rates. Depressive symptoms improved significantly in the active group (p=0.027), but the significant difference disappeared at 6 weeks (p=0.089). Conclusion: This is the first randomized controlled study using cTBS in the right OFC to observe the improvement of treatment-resistant OCD symptoms. It is safe to use cTBS, but 2 weeks of treatment is not enough to achieve a curative effect. Future studies are needed to explore more advanced stimulation parameters suitable for the treatment of OCD.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for the Treatment of Depression in Adolescence: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: There is evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective for treating adult depression. However, it remains unclear whether rTMS is an effective treatment for adolescent depression. This systematic review examines the existing literature on the effectiveness and acceptability of rTMS in the treatment of adolescent depression. Methods: After protocol registration (PROSPERO), we searched PubMed, Embase, PsycINFO, WoS and CENTRAL databases and the grey literature. We included studies that used rTMS in adolescents aged 12–25 years old who had a clinical diagnosis of depression. Study quality was assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. Results: Fourteen studies were identified, which included 8 open-trial studies (N = 142 participants) and six studies which performed further post-hoc/follow-up analyses on these open-trial datasets. All studies suffered from multiple biases but reported that rTMS treatment reduced depression scores in adolescents. A single study on theta burst stimulation also found a positive effect. No study to date includes a sham control. Reported side effects of rTMS included scalp pain, headache and dizziness. Limitations: Study methodologies precluded a meta-analysis. Conclusions: The current literature signals that rTMS could reduce adolescent depressive symptoms. However, sham controlled randomized trials are needed. These findings suggest that rTMS may be a promising treatment option for adolescents with depression.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease: Clinical evidence, latest concepts and future goals: A systematic review$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is becoming a major public-health issue in an aging population. Available approaches to treat advanced PD still have limitations; new therapies are needed. The non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) may offer a complementary approach to treat advanced PD by personalized stimulation. Although NIBS is not as effective as the gold-standard levodopa, recent randomized controlled trials show promising outcomes in the treatment of PD symptoms. Nevertheless, only a few NIBS-stimulation paradigms have shown to improve PD's symptoms. Current clinical recommendations based on the level of evidence are reported in Table 1 through Table 3. Furthermore, novel technological advances hold promise and may soon enable the non-invasive stimulation of deeper brain structures for longer periods.
Perisynaptic astrocytes as a potential target for novel antidepressant drugs$$$ Emerging evidence suggests that dysfunctions in glutamatergic signaling are associated with the pathophysiology of depression. Several molecules that act on glutamate binding sites, so-called glutamatergic modulators, are rapid-acting antidepressants that stimulate synaptogenesis. Their antidepressant response involves the elevation of both extracellular glutamate and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels, as well as the postsynaptic activation of the mammalian target of rapamycin complex 1. The mechanisms involved in the antidepressant outcomes of glutamatergic modulators, including ketamine, suggest that astrocytes must be considered a cellular target for developing rapid-acting antidepressants. It is well known that extracellular glutamate levels and glutamate intrasynaptic time-coursing are maintained by perisynaptic astrocytes, where inwardly rectifying potassium channels 4.1 (Kir4.1 channels) regulate both potassium and glutamate uptake. In addition, ketamine reduces membrane expression of Kir4.1 channels, which raises extracellular potassium and glutamate levels, increasing postsynaptic neural activities. Furthermore, inhibition of Kir4.1 channels stimulates BDNF expression in astrocytes, which may enhance synaptic connectivity. In this review, we discuss glutamatergic modulators’ actions in regulating extracellular glutamate and BDNF levels, and reinforce the importance of perisynaptic astrocytes for the development of novel antidepressant drugs.
Add-on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with opioid use disorder undergoing methadone maintenance therapy$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) shows potential therapeutic effects for individuals with addiction, but few studies have examined individuals with opioid use disorder (OUD). Objectives: We conducted an add-on double-blinded, sham-controlled rTMS feasibility pilot trial to examine OUD participants undergoing methadone maintenance therapy (MMT). The current report focused on the effects of rTMS on (1) craving and heroin use behavior and (2) depression, impulsivity, and attention. Methods: Active or sham rTMS treatment was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) over a total of 11 sessions in 4 weeks (15-Hz frequency, 4 seconds per train, intertrain interval of 26 seconds, 40 trains per session) in OUD participants (ClinicalTrials.gov registration number: NCT03229642). Craving, heroin use severity, urine morphine tests, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), the Barratt Impulsiveness Scale-11 (BIS-11), and the Continuous Performance Tests (CPTs) were measured. Results: Twenty-two OUD participants were enrolled, of which eleven (8 males) were undergoing active rTMS and nine (8 males) were in the sham rTMS group. After 12 weeks of follow-up, the active rTMS group did not show significantly greater improvements than the sham group with respect to craving, heroin use, or urine morphine test results. However, HDRS scores, BIS-11 attentional subscales, and CPTs commission T-scores (C-TS) were significantly lower in the active rTMS group (P = .003, 0.04, and 0.02, respectively) than in the sham group. Conclusion: Add-on rTMS did not appear to improve heroin use behavior but may have benefitted depressive symptoms, impulse control and attention in OUD participants undergoing MMT.
Management of primary headaches during pregnancy, postpartum, and breastfeeding: A systematic review$$$ Background: Primary headaches (migraine, tension headache, cluster headache, and other trigeminal autonomic cephalgias) are common in pregnancy and postpartum. It is unclear how to best and most safely manage them. Objective: We conducted a systematic review (SR) of interventions to prevent or treat primary headaches in women who are pregnant, attempting to become pregnant, postpartum, or breastfeeding. Methods: We searched Medline, Embase, Cochrane CENTRAL, CINAHL, ClinicalTrials.gov, Cochrane Database of SRs, and Epistemonikos for primary studies of pregnant women with primary headache and existing SRs of harms in pregnant women regardless of indication. No date or language restrictions were applied. We assessed strength of evidence (SoE) using standard methods. Results: We screened 8549 citations for studies and 2788 citations for SRs. Sixteen studies (mostly high risk of bias) comprising 14,185 patients (total) and 26 SRs met the criteria. For prevention, we found no evidence addressing effectiveness. Antiepileptics, venlafaxine, tricyclic antidepressants, benzodiazepines, β-blockers, prednisolone, and oral magnesium may be associated with fetal/child adverse effects, but calcium channel blockers and antihistamines may not be (1 single-group study and 11 SRs; low-to-moderate SoE). For treatment, combination metoclopramide and diphenhydramine may be more effective than codeine for migraine or tension headache (1 randomized controlled trial; low SoE). Triptans may not be associated with fetal/child adverse effects (8 nonrandomized comparative studies; low SoE). Acetaminophen, prednisolone, indomethacin, ondansetron, antipsychotics, and intravenous magnesium may be associated with fetal/child adverse effects, but low-dose aspirin may not be (indirect evidence; low-to-moderate SoE). We found insufficient evidence regarding non-pharmacologic treatments. Conclusions: For prevention of primary headache, calcium channel blockers and antihistamines may not be associated with fetal/child adverse effects. For treatment, combination metoclopramide and diphenhydramine may be more effective than codeine. Triptans and low-dose aspirin may not be associated with fetal/child adverse effects. Future research should identify effective and safe interventions in pregnancy and postpartum.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in chronic migraine and medication overuse headache: A pilot double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Objectives: Little evidence is available on the role of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in patients affected by chronic migraine (CM) and medication overuse headache (MOH). We aim to investigate the effects of tDCS in patients with CM and MOH as well as its role on brain activity. Methods: Twenty patients with CM and MOH were hospitalized for a 7-day detoxification treatment. Upon admission, patients were randomly assigned to anodal tDCS or sham stimulation delivered over the primary motor cortex contralateral to the prevalent migraine pain side every day for 5 days. Clinical data were recorded at baseline (T0), after 1 month (T2) and 6 months (T3). EEG recording was performed at T0, at the end of the tDCS/Sham treatment, and at T2. Results: At T2 and T3, we found a significant reduction in monthly migraine days (p = 0.001), which were more pronounced in the tDCS group when compared to the sham group (p = 0.016). At T2, we found a significant increase of alpha rhythm in occipital leads, which was significantly higher in tDCS group when compared to sham group. Conclusions: tDCS showed adjuvant effects to detoxification in the management of patients with CM and MOH. The EEG recording showed a significant potentiation of alpha rhythm, which may represent a correlate of the underlying changes in cortico-thalamic connections. Significance: This study suggests a possible role for tDCS in the treatment of CM and MOH. The observed clinical improvement is coupled with a potentiation of EEG alpha rhythm.
A Factor Analysis of the Suicide Cognitions Scale in Veterans with Military Sexual Trauma-Related Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ The Suicide Cognitions Scale (SCS) assesses suicide-specific cognitions which may drive suicide risk. Nonetheless, prior work has been mixed regarding optimal factor structure. Additionally, this measure has not been validated for use with veterans with military sexual trauma-related posttraumatic stress disorder (MST-related PTSD), a population that is at elevated risk for suicidal self-directed violence (SDV). This study sought to determine the optimal factor structure of the SCS for use with veterans with MST-related PTSD as well as its psychometric properties. An exploratory factor analysis revealed a four-factor structure, including unlovability, unbearability, unsolvability, and negative urgency. The SCS also demonstrated excellent internal consistency and good convergent validity. This study identified a novel factor, negative urgency, which may explain some of the predictive power of the SCS found in previous research. This paper provides initial support for a four-factor structure of the SCS among those with MST-related PTSD. Additional work remains necessary in evaluating the SCS as a tool for detecting risk for future suicidal SDV among veterans with MST-related PTSD.
Non-invasive neuromodulation for tinnitus: A meta-analysis and modeling studies$$$ Background: Patients with tinnitus often have poor quality of life, as well as severe anxiety and depression. New approaches to treat tinnitus are needed. Objective: Evaluate the effects of non-invasive neuromodulation on tinnitus through a metaanalysis and modeling study. The main hypothesis was that real as compared to sham neuromodulation that decreases tinnitus will modulate regions in line with the neurobiological models of tinnitus. Methods and results: The systematic review, conducted from Pubmed, Cochrane and PsycINFO databases, showed that active as compared to sham repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) reduced tinnitus, but active and sham transcranial direct current stimulation did not significantly differ. Further, rTMS over the auditory cortex was the most effective protocol. The modeling results indicate that this rTMS protocol elicited the strongest electric fields in the insula. Also, rTMS was particularly beneficial in women. Finally, the placebo effects were highly variable, highlighting the importance of conducting sham-controlled trials. Conclusion: In sum, neuromodulation protocols that target the auditory cortex and the insula may hold clinical potential to treat tinnitus.
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of formula-based unilateral vs bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression: A randomized open label controlled trial$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the most effective treatment of depression, though it is still unclear which of its type is the most beneficial. The aim of this study was to compare the formula-based right unilateral ECT (RUL) with the fronto-temporal bilateral ECT (BT), in terms of their efficacy, safety and tolerability in patients with bipolar or unipolar depression. Ninety-one patients were randomly assigned to either BT (n = 45) or RUL (n = 46) ECT. Brief pulse width (0.5 ms) and a formula-based dosing method were applied. The clinical efficacy was assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-21).The somatic state was monitored throughout the ECT course and cognitive examination included: general cognitive performance, executive functions, visual-spatial functions, verbal fluency, verbal memory and autobiographical memory. Efficacy outcomes were not found to be significantly different between groups when using higher doses of energy in RUL ECT. Patients in RUL group were less likely to be confused and experienced increased blood pressure. The indices of general cognitive performance and verbal auditory memory were also significantly better this group, while BT ECT did not change these functions. Both ECT types resulted in a decline in the retrieval consistency of autobiographical memory that persists for at least three months and was significantly more marked in BT group as compared to RUL. In conclusion, formula-based RUL ECT does not differ from BT in antidepressant efficacy and has an advantage in terms of safety (lower incidence of increased blood pressure and fewer disturbances of consciousness) and tolerability (impact on cognitive functions).
Is tDCS a potential first line treatment for major depression?$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a novel treatment option for major depression which could be provided as a first-line treatment. tDCS is a non-invasive form of transcranial stimulation which changes cortical tissue excitability by applying a weak (0.5–2 mA) direct current via scalp electrodes. Anodal and cathodal stimulation leads to depolarisation and hyperpolarisation, respectively, and cumulative effects are observed with repeated sessions. The montage in depression most often involves anodal stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Rates of clinical response, remission, and improvements in depressive symptoms following a course of active tDCS are greater in comparison to a course of placebo sham-controlled tDCS. In particular, the largest treatment effects are evident in first episode and recurrent major depression, while minimal effects have been observed in treatment-resistant depression. The proposed mechanism is neuroplasticity at the cellular and molecular level. Alterations in neural responses have been found at the stimulation site as well as subcortically in prefrontal-amygdala connectivity. A possible mediating effect could be cognitive control in emotion dysregulation. Additional beneficial effects on cognitive impairments have been reported, which would address an important unmet need. The tDCS device is portable and can be used at home. Clinical trials are required to establish the efficacy, feasibility and acceptability of home-based tDCS treatment and mechanisms.
A narrative review of risk factors and interventions for cancer-related cognitive impairment$$$ Cancer-related cognitive impairment (CRCI) refers to a series of cognitive impairment symptoms associated with alternations in brain structure and function, caused by a non-central nervous system malignant tumor and its related treatment. CRCI may present as memory loss, impaired concentration, difficulty in multitasking and word retrieval, and reduced comprehension speed. CRCI has become one of the prevalent factors that compromise the quality of life for cancer survivors. Different treatments, including surgery, chemotherapy, radiotherapy, endocrine therapy, and targeted drugs, may contribute to CRCI. Meanwhile, patients' factors, including emotional challenges and genetic makeup, also contribute to the development of CRCI. The condition can be treated with using stimulants methylphenidate and modafinil, metabolites of nicotine: Cotinine, antidepressants of fluoxetine and fluvoxamine, dementia drug of donepezil, and antioxidants ZnSO4, n-acetyl cysteine, propofol, and Chinese herbal of silver leaf medicine. Psychotherapies, including meditation and relaxation, cognitive rehabilitation training, along with physical therapies, including aerobic exercise, resistance training, balance training, yoga, qigong, tai chi electroencephalogram biofeedback, and acupuncture, are also beneficial in alleviating cancer-related cognitive impairment symptoms. In recent years, researchers have focused on factors related to the condition and on the available interventions. However, most research was conducted independently, and no review has yet summarized the latest findings. This review details and discusses the status of related factors and potential treatments for CRCI. We also supply specific recommendations to facilitate future research and integration in this field.
An updated meta-analysis: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating tinnitus$$$ Objective: To undertake an updated meta-analysis to obtain more evidence from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) to assess the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of tinnitus. Methods: PubMed®, Embase®, Web of Science, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, CBM, CNKI and Wanfang were searched for RCTs from inception up to March 2020. Studies meeting the eligibility criteria were included in the meta-analysis. The mean difference was calculated and the effect size was evaluated using a Z test. Results: The analysis included 12 randomized sham-controlled clinical trials with a total of 717 participants. Active rTMS was superior to sham rTMS in terms of the short-term and long-term effects (6 months) on the tinnitus handicap inventory scores, but an immediate effect was not significant. There was no significant immediate effect on the tinnitus questionnaire (TQ) and Beck depression inventory (BDI) scores. Conclusions: This meta-analysis demonstrated that rTMS improved tinnitus-related symptoms, but the TQ and BDI scores demonstrated little immediate benefit. Future research should be undertaken on large samples in multi-centre settings with longer follow-up durations.
Bright light therapy accelerates the antidepressant effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression: a pilot study$$$ Objectives: We performed a randomized single-blinded study to assess the superiority of the combination strategy of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) and Bright Light Therapy (BLT) over rTMS treatment alone in reducing depressive symptoms in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Methods: We enrolled 80 inpatients with a diagnosis of TRD. All patients were randomly assigned into two groups: group A was treated with rTMS, compared to group B treated with a combination of rTMS and BLT. Depressive symptoms were weekly assessed (T0, T1, T2, T3) through the 17-item Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS-17). Results: rANOVA (F=2.766, p=0.043) and post-hoc in HDRS-17 showed significant better scores in favour of group B every week (p<0.025, T1: 22.075 vs 17.200; T2: 16.100 vs 12.775; T3: 12.225 vs 8.900). Conclusions: The antidepressant effect of rTMS was enhanced and accelerated by its combination with BLT in treating resistant depression.KEYPOINTS Almost one third of depressed patients does not respond to antidepressants; emerging neuromodulation and chronobiological techniques are effective antidepressant augmentation treatments. The aim of this study was to assess the superiority of the combination strategy of Light Therapy and TMS over TMS treatment alone in a group of treatment resistant depressed patients. The implication of this study in clinical practice is that a safe, low risk and cost-effective treatment, as Light Therapy, improves and accelerates the antidepressant effect of TMS.
Anticonvulsant and antipsychotic medications in the pharmacotherapy of panic disorder: a structured review$$$ Background: As the remission rate of panic disorder (PD) achieved with conventional pharmacotherapy ranges between 20% and 50%, alternative psychopharmacological strategies are needed. We aimed to firstly review data regarding use of antipsychotic and non-benzodiazepine anticonvulsant medication in PD patients with or without comorbidities; secondly, to review data concerning reduction of panic symptoms during treatment of another psychiatric disorder with the same medications; and thirdly, to examine reports of anticonvulsant- or antipsychotic-induced new-onset panic symptomatology. Methods: We performed a PubMed search (last day: 28 April 2020) of English-language studies only, combining psychopathological terms (e.g. ‘panic disorder’) and terms referring either to categories of psychotropic medications (e.g. ‘anticonvulsants’) or to specific drugs (e.g. ‘carbamazepine’). All duplications were eliminated. All studies included in the review met certain inclusion/exclusion criteria. The level of evidence for the efficacy of each drug was defined according to widely accepted criteria. Results: In treatment-resistant PD, beneficial effects have been reported after treatment (mostly augmentation therapy) with a range of anticonvulsant (carbamazepine, gabapentin, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, oxcarbamazepine, valproate, vigabatrin, tiagabine) and antipsychotic (aripiprazole, olanzapine, risperidone, sulpiride) medications: overall, most medications appear generally well tolerated. Additionally, bipolar patients receiving valproate or quetiapine-XR (but not risperidone or ziprasidone) demonstrated reductions of comorbid panic-related symptoms. There are case reports of new-onset panic symptoms associated with clozapine, haloperidol, olanzapine and topiramate, in patients with conditions other than PD. The small-to-modest sample size, the lack of control groups and the open-label and short-term nature of most of the reviewed studies hinder definitive conclusions regarding either the short-term and long-term efficacy of antipsychotic and anticonvulsant medications or their potential long-term side effects. Conclusion: Some atypical antipsychotic and anticonvulsant medications may have a role in the treatment of some PD patients, mostly when more conventional approaches have not been successful, but the quality of supporting evidence is limited.
Using a machine learning approach to investigate factors associated with treatment-resistant depression among adults with chronic non-cancer pain conditions and major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: Presence of chronic non-cancer pain conditions (CNPC) among adults with major depressive disorder (MDD) may reduce benefits of antidepressant therapy, thereby increasing the possibility of treatment resistance. This study sought to investigate factors associated with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) among adults with MDD and CNPC using machine learning approaches. Methods: This retrospective cohort study was conducted using a US claims database which included adults with newly diagnosed MDD and CNPC (January 2007–June 2017). TRD was identified using a clinical staging algorithm for claims data. Random forest (RF), a machine learning method, and logistic regression was used to identify factors associated with TRD. Initial model development included 42 known and/or probable factors that may be associated with TRD. The final refined model included 20 factors. Results: Included in the sample were 23,645 patients (73% female mean age: 55 years; 78% with ≥2 CNPC, and 91% with joint pain/arthritis). Overall, 11.4% adults (N = 2684) met selected criteria for TRD. The five leading factors associated with TRD were the following: mental health specialist visits, polypharmacy (≥5 medications), psychotherapy use, anxiety, and age. Cross-validated logistic regression model indicated that those with TRD were younger, more likely to have anxiety, mental health specialist visits, polypharmacy, and psychotherapy use with adjusted odds ratios (AORs) ranging from 1.93 to 1.27 (all ps <.001). Conclusion: Machine learning identified several factors that warrant further investigation and may serve as potential targets for clinical intervention to improve treatment outcomes in patients with TRD and CNPC.
Efficacy of manual therapy on psychological status and pain in patients with neck pain A randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: To compare the effectiveness of Maitland versus Mulligan mobilization techniques on pain, functional disability, and psychological status in patients with neck pain. Methods. Forty-four patients with nonspecific neck pain were randomly assigned to the Maitland group (n=22 patients received Maitland therapy [central or unilateral postero-anterior pressure] for 2 sessions/ week for 3 weeks) and Mulligan group (n=22 patients received Mulligan sustained natural apophyseal glides for 2 sessions/week for 3 weeks). This study was conducted at the Rehabilitation Clinic, King Abdulaziz Hospital, Jeddah, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia between December 2016 to May 2017. The outcome measures were the numeric pain rating scale score, neck disability index score, beck depression inventory score, State-trait anxiety inventory score, fear avoidance beliefs questionnaire, and pain catastrophic scale results. The independent t-test, Shapiro-Wilk test, and paired t-test were used in data analysis. Results. There were significant improvements in mean values of the numeric pain rating scale, neck disability index, beck depression inventory, state-trait anxiety inventory scores, and pain catastrophic scale results after the interventions in both groups (p<0.05, all except fear avoidance beliefs results in mulligan group p>0.05), and there were no significant differences in mean values between the groups (p>0.05). Conclusion. In patients with nonspecific neck pain, Maitland and Mulligan mobilization techniques have positive effects on neck pain, functional disability, and selected psychological features with no significant difference between them.
Immediate and short-term efficacy of suicide-targeted interventions in suicidal individuals: A systematic review$$$ Objectives: To address the extreme suicide risk period following a suicidal crisis, we aimed to assess the current evidence for specific healthcare system-based interventions on suicide-related outcomes within one-week or one-month in individuals with current suicidal ideation (SI) or a recent suicide attempt (SA). Methods: We performed a database (Medline, Academic Search Complete, PsycARTICLES, the Cochrane library, PubMed) and manual reference search for randomised controlled trials, published between March 2000 and March 2020. Antisuicidal efficacy was defined as SI, SA, or a closely related concept. Quality was assessed with the Cochrane Risk of Bias 2 tool for randomised trials. Results: Out of 34 trials, five reported ketamine or esketamine superiority over placebo in reducing SI in depressed subjects within one week, while five studies had negative findings. Single trials reported positive results for one-month antisuicidal efficacy of buprenorphine, paroxetine, a crisis response plan, and assertive case management. Most trials were underpowered and had moderate-to-high risk of bias. Conclusions: Preliminary mixed evidence suggests the possible utility of several pharmacological (ketamine, esketamine paroxetine, and buprenorphine) and non-pharmacological (a crisis response plan, and assertive case management) interventions. Only the immediate efficacy of ketamine was supported by multiple studies, and replication is needed.
Economic burden of treatment-resistant depression among veterans in the United States$$$ Objective: Evidence is limited on the economic burden associated with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) among US veterans. We evaluated the economic burden among patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) with and without TRD, and those without MDD in the Veterans Health Administration (VHA). Methods: Three cohorts were identified using VHA claims data (01APR2014-31MAR2018). Patients with MDD (aged ≥18) who failed ≥2 antidepressant treatments of adequate dose and duration were defined as having TRD; patients with MDD not meeting this criterion constituted the non-TRD MDD cohort (index: first antidepressant claim). The non-MDD cohort included those without MDD diagnosis (index: randomly assigned). Patients with psychosis, schizophrenia, manic/bipolar disorder, or dementia in the 6-month pre-index period were excluded. Patients with non-TRD MDD and non-MDD were matched 1:1 to patients with TRD based on demographic characteristics (age, gender, race, index year). Health care resource utilization (HRU) and costs were analyzed during the post-index period using a negative binomial model and ordinary least squares regression model, respectively. Results: After 1:1 exact matching, 10,449 patients were included in each cohort (mean age: 48.9 years). Patients with TRD had higher per patient per year (PPPY) HRU than non-TRD MDD (all-cause inpatient visits: incidence rate ratio [IRR]: 1.70 [95% confidence interval: 1.57–1.83]) and non-MDD (IRR: 5.04 [95% confidence interval: 4.51–5.63]), and incurred higher total all-cause health care costs PPPY than non-TRD MDD (mean difference: $5,906) and non-MDD (mean difference: $11,873; all p<.0001). Conclusion: Among US veterans, TRD poses a significant incremental economic burden relative to non-TRD MDD and non-MDD.
Chinese Association for the Study of Pain: Expert consensus on chronic postsurgical pain$$$ Chronic postsurgical pain is a common surgical complication that severely reduces a patient’s quality of life. Many perioperative interventions and management strategies have been developed for reducing and managing chronic postsurgical pain. Under the leadership of the Chinese Association for the Study of Pain, an editorial committee was formed for chronic postsurgical pain diagnosis and treatment by experts in relevant fields. The editorial committee composed the main content and framework of this consensus and established a working group. The working group conducted literature review (1989–2020) using key words such as “surgery”, “post-surgical”, “post-operative”, “pain”, “chronic”, and “persistent” in different databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE, PubMed, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews. Only publications in the English language were included. The types of literature included systematic reviews, randomized controlled studies, cohort studies and case reports. This consensus was written based on clinical practice combined with literature evidence. The first draft of the consensus was rigorously reviewed and edited by all the editorial committee experts before being finalized. The level of evidence was assessed by methodological experts based on the Oxford Centre for Evidence-Based Medicine Levels of Evidence. The strength of recommendation was evaluated by all editorial committee experts, and the opinions of most experts were adopted as the final decision. The recommendation level “strong” generally refers to recommendations based on high-level evidence and consistency between clinical behavior and expected results. The recommendation level “weak” generally refers to the uncertainty between clinical behavior and expected results based on low-level evidence.
Cognitive Aftereffects of Acute tDCS Coupled with Cognitive Training: An fMRI Study in Healthy Seniors$$$ Enhancing cognitive functions through noninvasive brain stimulation is of enormous public interest, particularly for the aging population in whom processes such as working memory are known to decline. In a randomized double-blind crossover study, we investigated the acute behavioral and neural aftereffects of bifrontal and frontoparietal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with visual working memory (VWM) training on 25 highly educated older adults. Resting-state functional connectivity (rs-FC) analysis was performed prior to and after each stimulation session with a focus on the frontoparietal control network (FPCN). The bifrontal montage with anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex enhanced VWM accuracy as compared to the sham stimulation. With the rs-FC within the FPCN, we observed significant stimulation×time interaction using bifrontal tDCS. We found no cognitive aftereffects of the frontoparietal tDCS compared to sham stimulation. Our study shows that a single bifrontal tDCS combined with cognitive training may enhance VWM performance and rs-FC within the relevant brain network even in highly educated older adults.
A preliminary randomized controlled trial of different treatment regimens for melancholic depression$$$ Background: Fluoxetine, bupropion, cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), and physical therapies (modified electroconvulsive treatment or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimula-tion) can be used to manage melancholic depression. Objective: To compare the efficacy and safety of various treatments in patients with melancholic depression. Methods: This was a preliminary multicenter randomized controlled trial that included patients with depression in their first or recurrent acute episode between September 2016 and June 2019, and randomized to fluoxetine, fluoxetine+CBT, fluoxetine+bupropion, and fluoxetine+bupropion+brain stimulation. The primary endpoint was the decrease in the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (17-HDRS). The secondary endpoint included the scores from the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS-SR), QOL-6, and safety. Adverse events (AEs) were monitored. The follow-ups were performed at the end of the 0th, 2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th, and 12th weeks of treatment. Results: Finally, 113 patients were included in the analyses: fluoxetine (n=37), fluoxetine +CBT (n=27), fluoxetine+bupropion (n=34), and fluoxetine+bupropion+brain stimulation (n=15). The 17-HDRS and QIDS-SR scores decreased in all four groups (all P<0.05). There were no differences in the 17-HDRS scores among the four groups at the end of treatment (P=0.779), except for fluoxetine alone showing a better response regarding self-consciousness than fluoxetine+bupropion. The QOL-6 scores increased in all four groups. The occurrence of AEs among the four groups showed no significant difference (P=0.053). Conclusion: This preliminary trial suggests that all four interventions (fluoxetine, fluoxetine +CBT, fluoxetine+bupropion, and fluoxetine+bupropion+brain stimulation) achieved similar response and remission rates in patients with melancholic depression, but that fluoxetine had a better effect on self-consciousness than fluoxetine+bupropion. The safety profile was manageable.
Esketamine Nasal Spray for Rapid Reduction of Depressive Symptoms in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder Who Have Active Suicide Ideation with Intent: Results of a Phase 3, Double-Blind, Randomized Study (ASPIRE II)$$$ Background: Patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) having active suicidal ideation with intent require immediate treatment. Methods: This double-blind study (ASPIRE II) randomized adults (aged 18-64 years) with MDD having active suicidal ideation with intent to esketamine 84 mg or placebo nasal spray twice weekly for 4 weeks, given with comprehensive standard of care (hospitalization ≥5 days and newly initiated or optimized oral antidepressant[s]). Change from baseline to 24 hours post-first dose in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale total score (primary efficacy endpoint) was analyzed using ANCOVA. Clinical Global Impression-Severity of Suicidality-revised (key secondary endpoint) was analyzed using ANCOVA on ranks of change. Results: Of 230 patients who were randomized (115 per arm), 227 received study drug and were included in efficacy/safety analyses; 184 (80.0%) completed double-blind treatment. Greater improvement in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale total score was observed with esketamine (mean [SD]: -15.7 [11.56]) vs placebo (-12.4 [10.43]), each with standard of care, at 24 hours (least-squares mean difference [SE]: -3.9 [1.39], 95% CI: -6.60, -1.11; 2-sided P =. 006). This was also noted at the earlier (4-hour) timepoint (least-squares mean difference -4.2, 95% CI: -6.38, -1.94). Patients in both treatment groups experienced rapid reduction in Clinical Global Impression-Severity of Suicidality-revised score; the between-group difference was not statistically significant. The most common adverse events among esketamine-treated patients were dizziness, dissociation, nausea, dysgeusia, somnolence, headache, and paresthesia. Conclusion: This study confirmed rapid and robust reduction of depressive symptoms with esketamine nasal spray in severely ill patients with MDD who have active suicidal ideation with intent. Trial Registration: Clinical Trials.gov identifier: NCT03097133
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder: basic principles and future directions$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a safe and well-tolerated intervention for major depressive disorder (MDD). Over 150 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have been carried out, and its efficacy has been confirmed in dozens of meta-analyses. Real world data has also confirmed the effectiveness of rTMS for MDD in clinical practice, with the most recent literature indicating response rates of 40–50% and remission rates of 25–30%. In this review, we first offer an historical perspective, followed by a review of basic principles, such as putative mechanisms, procedures and protocols, stimulation targets, efficacy and durability of response, side effects, and the placebo controversy. In the second part of this review, we first discuss solutions to increase accessibility to rTMS, such as modifications to treatment equipment, protocols and setting. We continue with possible means to further increase effectiveness, such as treatment personalization and extension. We conclude by addressing the scheduling issue, with accelerated rTMS (arTMS) as a possible solution.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-traumatic stress disorder$$$ Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a debilitating psychiatric disorder. While current treatment options are effective for some, many individuals fail to respond to first-line psychotherapies and pharmacotherapy. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has emerged over the past several decades as a noninvasive neuromodulatory intervention for psychiatric disorders including depression, with mounting evidence for its safety, tolerability, and efficacy in treating PTSD. While several meta-analyses of TMS for PTSD have been published to date showing large effect sizes on PTSD overall, there is marked variability between studies, making it difficult to draw simple conclusions about how best to treat patients. The following review summarizes over 20 years of the existing literature on TMS as a PTSD treatment, and includes nine randomized controlled trials and many other prospective studies of TMS monotherapy, as well as five randomized controlled trials investigating TMS combined with psychotherapy. While the majority of studies utilize repetitive TMS targeted to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) at low frequency (1 Hz) or high frequency (10 or 20 Hz), others have used alternative frequencies, targeted other regions (most commonly the left DLPFC), or trialed different stimulation protocols utilizing newer TMS modalities such as synchronized TMS and theta-burst TMS (TBS). Although it is encouraging that positive outcomes have been shown, there is a paucity of studies directly comparing available approaches. Biomarkers, such as functional imaging and electroencephalography, were seldomly incorporated yet remain crucial for advancing our knowledge of how to predict and monitor treatment response and for understanding mechanism of action of TMS in this population. Effects on PTSD are often sustained for up to 2–3 months, but more long-term studies are needed in order to understand and predict duration of response. In short, while TMS appears safe and effective for PTSD, important steps are needed to operationalize optimal approaches for patients suffering from this disorder.
A randomized controlled trial of high rate rtms versus rtms and amitriptyline in chronic migraine$$$ Background: The patients with chronic migraine (CM) respond poorly to pharmacological agents including tricyclic antidepressants, β-blockers, anticonvulsants, calcium channel blockers, flunarizine, and melatonin. The combination of 2 or more pharmacological agents has not shown better efficacy but increased side effects. High rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been reported effective in episodic migraine and converts CM to episodic migraine. A combination of high rate rTMS with a pharmacological agent may be more effective compared to rTMS alone. Objectives: We evaluate the efficacy and safety of 10 Hz rTMS compared to rTMS and amitriptyline in CM. Study Design: Randomized controlled trial. Setting: Tertiary care teaching institute in India. Methods: Patients with CM as per International Classification of Headache Disorder third edition (ICHD-3) beta criteria were included whose age was between 18 years and 55 years. CM was defined if there were 15 headache days per month and at least 8 of these attacks having migraine characteristics for a period of more than 3 months. Patients with major psychiatric, other neurological or systemic disease, and those on migraine prophylaxis were excluded. The demographic details, frequency of headache attacks and headache days per month, migraine triggers, and associated symptoms were noted. The severity of headache was noted using a 0-10 Visual Analog Scale and the number of abortive drugs per month was noted. CM patients were randomly assigned to rTMS (group I) or rTMS and amitriptyline (group II). 10 Hz rTMS was applied using a figure of eight magnetic stimulation coil. The coil was placed over the left frontal cortex corresponding to the hot spot of the right abductor digiti minimi, which is approximately 7 cm lateral from the midline and 2 cm anterior to interaural line. The motor threshold was measured, and 70% of it was used for rTMS. Ten trains of 10 Hz rTMS, each train comprising of 60 pulses with an inter-train interval of 45 seconds were delivered in one session. Three such sessions were delivered on an alternate day and were repeated every month for 3 months. Amitriptyline was prescribed in a dose of 10mg, increased to 25mg after 2 weeks; thereafter increase in dose to 50 mg was optional. The primary outcome was > 50% reduction in headache days, and secondary outcomes were the reduction in severity of headache, abortive drug, and side effects. Results: Forty-one patients were included in group I and 42 in group II, and their baseline characteristics were comparable. A higher proportion of group II patients had more than 50% reduction in headache days at 3 months (76.2 vs 31.7%; P < 0.001) compared to group I. More than 50% reduction in headache severity was also greater in group II compared to group I at 3 months (47.6% vs 19.5%; P = 0.01). Side effects were comparable, and none had to be withdrawn. Limitations: A higher proportion of patients was shifted from group I to group II. Conclusion: Combination of rTMS and amitriptyline is safe and more effective in CM compared to rTMS alone.
The use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: a scoping review$$$ Purpose: This paper aims to explore the relevant literature available regarding the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a mode of treatment for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD); to evaluate the evidence to support the use of rTMS as a treatment option for OCD. Design/methodology/approach: The authors electronically conducted data search in five research databases (MEDLINE, CINAHL, Psych INFO, SCOPUS and EMBASE) using all identified keywords and index terms across all the databases to identify empirical studies and randomized controlled trials. The authors included articles published with randomized control designs, which aimed at the treatment of OCD with rTMS. Only full-text published articles written in English were reviewed. Review articles on treatment for conditions other than OCD were excluded. The Covidence software was used to manage and streamline the review. Findings: Despite the inconsistencies in the published literature, the application of rTMS over the supplementary motor area and the orbitofrontal cortex has proven to be promising in efficacy and tolerability compared with other target regions such as the prefrontal cortex for the treatment of OCD. Despite the diversity in terms of the outcomes and clinical variability of the studies under review, rTMS appears to be a promising treatment intervention for OCD. Research limitations/implications: The authors of this scoping review acknowledge several limitations. First, the search strategy considered only studies published in English and the results are up to date as the last day of the electronic data search of December 10, 2020. Though every effort was made to identify all relevant studies for the purposes of this review per the eligibility criteria, the authors still may have missed some relevant studies, especially those published in other languages. Originality/value: This review brought to bare the varying literature on the application of rTMS and what is considered gaps in the knowledge in this area in an attempt to evaluate and provide information on the potential therapeutic effects of rTMS for OCD.
Use of non-invasive stimulation in movement disorders: A critical review$$$ Background: Noninvasive stimulation has been widely used in the past 30 years to study and treat a large number of neurological diseases, including movement disorders. Objective: In this critical review, we illustrate the rationale for use of these techniques in movement disorders and summarize the best medical evidence based on the main clinical trials performed to date. Methods: A nationally representative group of experts performed a comprehensive review of the literature in order to analyze the key clinical decision-making factors driving transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in movement disorders. Classes of evidence and recommendations were described for each disease. Results: Despite unavoidable heterogeneities and low effect size, TMS is likely to be effective for treating motor symptoms and depression in Parkinson's disease (PD). The efficacy in other movement disorders is unclear. TMS is possibly effective for focal hand dystonia, essential tremor and cerebellar ataxia. Additionally, it is likely to be ineffective in reducing tics in Tourette syndrome. Lastly, tDCS is likely to be effective in improving gait in PD. Conclusions: There is encouraging evidence for the use of noninvasive stimulation on a subset of symptoms in selected movement disorders, although the means to optimize protocols for improving positive outcomes in routine clinical practice remain undetermined. Similarly, the best stimulation paradigms and responder profile need to be investigated in large clinical trials with established therapeutic and assessment paradigms that could also allow genuine long-term benefits to be determined.
Clinical effect and adverse reactions of modified electroconvulsive therapy for refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ To explore the clinical effect and adverse reactions of modified electroconvulsive therapy for refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder. 76 patients with refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder admitted to our hospital from June 2019 to February 2021 were selected and randomly divide into two groups, with 38 cases in each group. The control group was treated with conventional drug treatment and the study group was treated with modified electroconvulsive therapy on the basis of the control group. Follow-up was given every 6 w for a total of 12 w and corresponding evaluation was given every follow-up. The total effective rate of the study group was 92.11 %, which was significantly higher than that of the control group (78.95 %) and the difference was statistically significant (p<0.05). There was no significant difference in Yale-brown obsessive compulsive scale, Hamilton anxiety scale, Hamilton depression scale, Montreal cognitive assessment scale and Tang danlin scores between the two groups before treatment (p>0.05). At the 6th and 12th w after treatment, it increased with time compared with that before treatment, The scores of Yale-brown obsessive compulsive scale, Hamilton depression scale and Hamilton anxiety scale decreased gradually. The difference was statistically significant (p<0.05). The scores of Yale-brown obsessive compulsive scale, Hamilton anxiety scale and Hamilton depression scale in the study group were significantly lower than those in the control group at the 6th and 12th w. The difference was statistically significant (p<0.05), while the Montreal cognitive assessment scale scores and Tang danlin scores of patients in the study group were significantly higher than those in the control group at the 6th and 12th w after treatment than before treatment and the difference was statistically significant (p<0.05). The incidence of near memory impairment in the study group was significantly higher than that in the control group (p<0.05), but there was no significant difference in adverse reactions such as agitation, blurred vision, constipation and abnormal examination items (p>0.05). Modified electroconvulsive therapy for refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder has good clinical effect, low adverse reactions and can effectively improve patient's anxiety, depression and obsessive-compulsive symptoms, and improve patient's quality of life and cognitive function. However, there is a high incidence of near memory impairment.
Effects and safety of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in trigeminal neuralgia$$$ Background. Trigeminal neuralgia is the most common cause of facial pain. Insufficient effectiveness and frequent side effects of pharmacological therapy, as well as the risk of complications of invasive neurosurgical manipulations, determine the relevance of the development of new treatment approaches, one of which is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). The aim of the study is to determine the effectiveness of high-frequency rTMS of the primary motor cortex in terms of pain intensity and quality of life in patients with trigeminal neuralgia, as well as to assess the safety of the stimulation course. Materials and methods. This open-label non-randomized single arm study included 20 patients with classic trigeminal neuralgia according to the ICHD-3 classification. All patients received 10 sessions of navigated high-frequency rTMS of the primary motor cortex (hand area) of the hemisphere, contralateral to pain syndrome localization. The maximum and average pain intensity was assessed before and after 10 rTMS sessions according to a Numeric Pain Rating Scale (NPRS), as well as quality of life was measured according to the SF-36 questionnaire, and the severity of affective disorders according was measured to the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Safety and tolerability of rTMS were assessed using self-developed questionnaires for adverse events that occurred during stimulation and within 24 hours after the previous session. Results. A significant decrease in the maximum (p = 0.01) and average (p <0.01) pain intensity was shown after 10 sessions of rTMS. In 50 % of patients, the maximum pain intensity decreased by more than 30 % vs baseline. Significant changes were detected in the physical health measure of SF-36 quality of life questionnaire, particularly, in the "bodily pain" domain, as well as in such aspects of the mental health measure as "vitality" and "social functioning". The severity of affective disorders did not change significantly. A favorable profile of rTMS tolerability has been demonstrated. Conclusion. An open-label study showed the possible effectiveness of 10 sessions of high-frequency rTMS to reduce the pain intensity in patients with trigeminal neuralgia. For the first time, the spectrum of adverse events both during stimulation and within a day after its completion was systematically analyzed.
Appraising the effectiveness of electrical and magnetic brain stimulation techniques in acute major depressive episodes: an umbrella review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials$$$ Electrical and magnetic brain stimulation techniques present distinct mechanisms and efficacy in the acute treatment of depression. This was an umbrella review of meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials of brain stimulation techniques for managing acute major depressive episodes. A systematic review was performed in the PubMed/MEDLINE databases from inception until March 2020. We included the English language meta-analysis with the most randomized controlled trials on the effects of any brain stimulation technique vs. control in adults with an acute depressive episode. Continuous and dichotomous outcomes were assessed. A Measurement Tool to Assess Systematic Reviews-2 was applied and the credibility of evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation framework. Seven meta-analyses were included (5,615 patients), providing evidence for different modalities of brain stimulation techniques. Three meta-analyses were evaluated as having high methodological quality, three as moderate, and one as low. The highest quality of evidence was found for high frequency-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), transcranial direct current stimulation, and bilateral rTMS. There is strong clinical research evidence to guide future clinical use of some techniques. Our results confirm the heterogeneity of the effects across these techniques, indicating that different mechanisms of action lead to different efficacy profiles.
The Difficult Task of Diagnosing Depression in Elderly People with Cancer: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: Depression is a common psychiatric problem in the elderly and oncology patients. In elderly people with cancer, depression has a peculiar phenomenology. It has a significant impact on the quality of life. Moreover, it is associated with poor adherence to treatments, increased risk of suicide, and mortality. Nevertheless, the topic of depression in elderly people with cancer remains unexplored. Objective: The main goal of this article is to review the literature from the past 20 years on the relationships between depression, cancer, and aging. Methods: The methods followed the Prisma model for eligibility of studies. The articles in which the keywords “depression”, “cancer”, “ elderly, aging, or geriatric” were present, either in the text or in the abstract, were selected. 8.056 articles, by matching the keywords “depression and elderly and cancer,” were identified. Only 532 papers met the eligibility criteria of search limits and selection process. Out of 532 papers, 467 were considered irrelevant, leaving 65 relevant studies. Out of 65 suitable studies, 39 (60.0%) met our quality criteria and were included. Results: The risk factors associated with depression in elderly people with cancer can be divided into 4 groups: 1) tumor-related; 2) anticancer treatment-related; 3) patients-related; 4) number and type of comorbidity. The main obstacles in diagnosing depression in elderly patients with cancer are the overlap of the symptoms of cancer and side effects of treatment with the symptoms of depression but also the different ways of reporting depressive symptoms of elderly people and the different clinical types of depression. There is a lack of data regarding validated scales to assess depression in geriatric patients with cancer. Any mental illness, specifically co-occurring anxiety and depression, increases the risk of diagnosis delay and anticancer treatment adherence. Cancer and the diagnosis of mental disorders prior to cancer diagnosis correlate with an increased risk for suicide. A non-pharmacological therapeutic approach, pharmacological treatment and/or a combination of both can be used to treat elderly patients with cancer, but a detailed analysis of comorbidities and the assessment of polypharmacy is mandatory in order to avoid potential side-effects and interactions between antidepressants and the other drugs taken by the patients. Conclusion: Future research should be conducted with the aim of developing a modified and adapted assessment method for the diagnosis and treatment of depression in elderly people with cancer in order to improve their clinical outcomes and quality of life.
Melatonin serum level, sleep functions, and depression level after bilateral anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with Parkinson's disease: A feasibility study$$$ Objective: Parkinson's disease (PD) is associated with non-motor complications such as sleep disturbance and depression. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) showed therapeutic effects on the motor dysfunctions. However, the potential effects of tDCS therapy on melatonin hormone, sleep dysfunctions, and depression in patients with PD still unclear. This feasibility study aimed to identify any potential changes in melatonin serum level, sleep functions and depression after the bilateral anodal tDCS in patients with PD. Material and Methods: Tensessions of bilateral anodal tDCS stimulation applied over left and right prefrontal and motor areas were given to twenty-five patients with PD. Melatonin serum level, Pittsburgh sleep quality index, and geriatric depression scale examined before and after tDCS stimulation. Results: After bilateral anodal tDCS, there was a significant reduction in melatonin serum level, improvement in depression, improvements in overall sleep quality, and sleep latency. Correlations test showed significant associations between melatonin serum level reduction and changes in subjective sleep quality, and sleep duration, as well as between improvements in depression and overall sleep quality, sleep latency, and sleep disturbance. Conclusion: Bilateral anodal tDCS therapy was a feasible and safe tool that showed potential therapeutic effects on melatonin serum level, sleep quality, and depression level in patients with PD. Although the further large scale and randomized-control trial studies are crucially needed, there is still a need for such a feasibility study to be established before such trials can be implemented as is recommended in the new medical research council guidelines.
Effects of Competence Feedback on Therapist Competence and Patient Outcome: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective: Therapist competence is considered essential for the success of psychotherapy. Feedback is an intervention which has the potential to improve therapist competence. The present study investigated whether competence feedback leads to an improvement of therapist competence and patient outcome. Method: Sixty-seven master-level clinical trainees were randomly assigned to either a competence feedback group (CFG) or a control group (CG). Patients with a diagnosis of major depression (N = 114) were randomly assigned to CFG or CG. Treatment included 20 individual sessions of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). In CFG, therapists received, parallel to the treatment, five competence feedbacks, based on videotaped therapy sessions. Independent raters assessed therapist competence with the Cognitive Therapy Scale (CTS) and provided the competence feedback. Patient outcome was evaluated with the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) and therapeutic alliance (Helping Alliance Questionnaire [HAQ]) from both therapist’s (HAQ-T) and patient’s (HAQ-P) perspective were evaluated after each of the 20 sessions. Results: (a) Therapist competence (CTS) increased significantly more for CFG than CG. (b) Depression (BDI-II) decreased significantly across sessions for both groups, but without evidence for a group-differential benefit for the CFG. (c) Therapeutic alliance (HAQ-T/P) increased significantly across sessions for both groups from both perspectives, but without group differences. (d) There is a positive effect of BDI-II on CTS at the beginning and a negative effect of CTS on BDI-II at the end of therapy. Conclusion: Competence feedback improves therapists’ independently rated competence, but there is no evidence that competence feedback in CBT leads to better outcome.
Unstructured Group Support Enhances Compliance to Pharmacological Treatment by Improving Social Cognition in Patients with Bipolar Disorder: A Pilot fMRI Study$$$ Objective: Unstructured group support (UGS) has been shown to improve the prognosis of patients with bipolar disorder (BP). However, objective evidence is needed to support implementation of UGS intervention. This study aimed to investigate the effectiveness of UGS intervention and the associated alterations in the objective indexes, mainly global function connectivity density (gFCD), in BP patients. Methods: Remitted BP patients were enrolled and randomly assigned into a UGS group (received UGS intervention for 26 weekly UGS sessions, and a sham group (received sham intervention). The effects of UGS on adherence to the prescribed medications, social cognition, and quality of life were examined and compared between these 2 groups. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) was performed to determine the functional index and gFCD values, as an objective measurement of functional alterations in the brain. Results: The compliance rate was significantly greater in the UGS group than in the sham group at the 2-year follow-up, after 26 weekly intervention sessions. The proportion of patients with increased levels of compliance to pharmacological treatment, improved social cognition, and improved quality of life were significantly higher in the UGS group than in the sham group. Furthermore, consistent with these subjective measurements, the fMRI study revealed that gFCD values significantly increased in the regions of the brain that are related to social cognition, in patients with UGS intervention. Conclusion: UGS improves the compliance to pharmacological treatment, quality of life, and social cognition of remitted BP patients. Notably, these findings offer the first objective evidence that UGS enhances gFCD in BP patients. Thus, UGS implementation can help improve the psychiatric care for BP patients.
The Use of Tamoxifen as a Potential Treatment for Bipolar Disorder$$$ Bipolar disorder (BD) is a chronic mental disease that substantially affects the patient’s quality of life and causes significant morbidity and mortality. Although there are a variety of available treatments, therapeutic intervention is not beneficial in many cases and recurrence rates remain high. Recent data suggested tamoxifen, a drug with a wide range of activities, as a potential treatment for reducing manic symptoms of BD. Tamoxifen’s therapeutic effect on bipolar mania has not been fully elucidated, but it is believed to biochemically operate on protein kinase C (PKC) inhibition. In this article, we review preclinical and clinical studies investigating the efficacy of tamoxifen as a potential treatment for bipolar manic patients.
Emerging Perspectives in the Diagnosis and Management of Depression and Psychosis in Parkinson’s Disease$$$ Parkinson’s disease (PD) is a progressive, neurodegenerative movement disorder and the second most common neurodegenerative disorder in the United States after Alzheimer’s disease. While PD is perhaps best characterized by its motor symptoms, non-motor symptoms such as mood and psychotic symptoms can also cause significant changes in patients’ emotional wellbeing and affect their and their caregivers’ quality of life. Depression and psychosis are common in the PD population and should be screened for, diagnosed and managed. Firstly, a comprehensive, differential diagnostic evaluation should be done to rule out alternative diagnoses and aetiologies. For depression in PD, cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is often a first-line treatment due to its efficacy and minimal side-effect profile. If CBT is inadequate, antidepressants such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors should be initiated. Electroconvulsive therapy should also be considered as safe and effective for treating depression in PD. For psychosis in Parkinson’s disease (PDP), pimavanserin is the first-line pharmacological treatment. While more robust randomized clinical trials are necessary to further investigate alternative treatments, and the definition of and criteria for PDP must be better elucidated, clinicians should employ current strategies to diagnose and manage non-motor symptoms and ensure holistic care for patients with PD
Pramipexole in bipolar depression: a literature review and clinical recommendations$$$ Background Bipolar depression is a common clinical problem and forms a major challenge in clinical practice as there is a paucity of treatment options. Aim To review the evidence for pramipexole as a treatment option in treatment-resistant bipolar depression. Method A PubMed search was performed using the search terms bipolar disorder or mood disorder or depressive disorder, treatment resistant and pramipexole or dopamine agonist. There were no limits on publication year. Furthermore, we contacted authors of included articles to help develop clinical recommendations for the use of pramipexole in bipolar depression. Results Our results consist of 4 meta-analyses which are also systematic reviews. 2 RCTs, 1 open label trial, 2 naturalistic studies; 2 retrospective studies. The first RCT showed a significantly higher response compared to placebo (67% vs 20%), but not for remission (20% vs. 16%). A second RCT reported higher response and remission results with pramipexole compared to placebo (60% vs. 9%, 40% vs. 9%). Pramipexole was generally well tolerated. Conclusion The use of pramipexole in treatment resistant bipolar depression appears promising, but remains understudied. There is a need for randomized controlled trials.
Electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression in anorexia nervosa$$$ Background Often anorexia nervosa occurs with other psychiatric comorbidities of which mood disorders are the most frequent. Depressive feelings hamper the chance of a favourable outcome of this persistent disorder. In addition, the underweight makes antidepressants work suboptimal. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) offers an important therapeutic value in the treatment of mood disorders. We are investigating whether ECT can be an effective treatment method for patients with anorexia nervosa and major depressive disorder. Aim Analysis of the literature on the possible effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of major depressive disorder and anorexia nervosa supplemented with a case report. Method Literature study in PubMed, Web of Science and Embase and a case report. Results 262 published articles were found between 1955 and 2020, 16 were found to be relevant. Conclusion From the literature, clinical recommendations cannot be made binding. No randomized controlled trials have been published on this subject. However, we saw in our case study and in the literature found that clearing the depressive symptoms through electroconvulsive therapy led to an improvement in food and fluid intake. ECT has no effect on their deranged thought pattern.
Translumbosacral Neuromodulation Therapy for Fecal Incontinence: A Randomized Frequency Response Trial$$$ INTRODUCTION:Treatments for fecal incontinence (FI) remain unsatisfactory because they do not remedy the underlying multifactorial dysfunction(s) including anorectal neuropathy. The aim of this study was to investigate the optimal dose frequency, clinical effects, and safety of a novel treatment, translumbosacral neuromodulation therapy (TNT), aimed at improving neuropathy.METHODS:Patients with FI were randomized to receive 6 sessions of weekly TNT treatments consisting of 600 repetitive magnetic stimulations over each of 2 lumbar and 2 sacral sites with either 1, 5, or 15 Hz frequency. Stool diaries, FI severity indices, anorectal neurophysiology and sensorimotor function, and quality of life were compared. Primary outcome measure was the change in FI episodes/week. Responders were patients with ≥50% decrease in weekly FI episodes.RESULTS:Thirty-three patients with FI participated. FI episodes decreased significantly (Δ ±95% confidence interval, 4.2 ± 2.8 (1 Hz); 2 ± 1.7 (5 Hz); 3.4 ± 2.5 (15 Hz); P < 0.02) in all 3 groups when compared with baseline. The 1 Hz group showed a significantly higher (P = 0.04) responder rate (91 ± 9.1%) when compared with the 5 Hz group (36 ± 18.2%) or 15 Hz (55 ± 18.2%); no difference was found between the 5 and 15 Hz groups (P = 0.667). Anal neuropathy, squeeze pressure, and rectal capacity improved significantly only in the 1 Hz (P < 0.05) group compared with baseline, but not in other groups. Quality of life domains improved significantly (P < 0.05) with 1 and 5 Hz groups. No device-related serious adverse events were noted.DISCUSSION:TNT significantly improves FI symptoms in the short term, and the 1 Hz frequency was overall better than 5 and 15 Hz. Both anorectal neuropathy and physiology significantly improved, demonstrating mechanistic improvement. TNT is a promising, novel, safe, efficacious, and noninvasive treatment for FI (see Visual Abstract, Supplementary Digital Content 3, http://links.lww.com/AJG/B598).
Pharmacotherapy Prescriptions for Relapse Prevention of Psychotic Depression After Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Purpose/Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective in the treatment of acute episodes of psychotic depression. However, no adequately powered studies have directly investigated the efficacy of antipsychotic pharmacotherapy in relapse prevention of psychotic depression after ECT. In the absence of such literature, we reviewed the clinical practice of 4 academic medical centers that have made research contributions in the treatment of psychotic depression over the past 20 years. Methods/Procedures We reviewed medical records of patients with a diagnosis of psychotic depression who received 1 or more acute courses of ECT over the span of 3 years. Chi-square tests were used to compare pharmacotherapy prescribed at the time of completion of ECT. Findings/Results A total of 163 patients received 176 courses of ECT for separate episodes of psychotic depression. The combination of an antidepressant plus an antipsychotic was the most common regimen, ranging from 61.9% to 85.5% of all prescriptions. One center added lithium in 45.5% of cases treated with the combination of an antidepressant plus an antipsychotic. An antipsychotic alone was prescribed in less than 10% of cases. An antidepressant alone or other drug combinations were rare. Implications/Conclusions The combination of an antidepressant plus an antipsychotic was the most commonly prescribed regimen at the completion of ECT for relapse prevention in patients with psychotic depression acutely treated with ECT. Although this report offers a view of the clinical practice of 4 academic medical centers, it also points to the need of randomized controlled trials on continuation pharmacotherapy after treatment of psychotic depression with ECT.
Personalized Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Primary Progressive Aphasia$$$ Background: Primary progressive aphasia (PPA) is a neurodegenerative syndrome for which no effective treatment is available. Objective: We aimed to assess the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), using personalized targeting. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blind, pilot study of patients with PPA receiving rTMS, with a subgroup of patients receiving active- versus control-site rTMS in a cross-over design. Target for active TMS varied among the cases and was determined during a pre-treatment phase from a list of potential regions. The primary outcome was changes in spontaneous speech (word count). Secondary outcomes included changes in other language tasks, global cognition, global impression of change, neuropsychiatric symptoms, and brain metabolism using FDG-PET. Results: Twenty patients with PPA were enrolled (14 with nonfluent and 6 with semantic variant PPA). For statistical analyses, data for the two variants were combined. Compared to the control group (n=7), the group receiving active-site rTMS (n=20) showed improvements in spontaneous speech, other language tasks, patient and caregiver global impression of change, apathy, and depression. This group also showed improvement or stabilization of results obtained in the baseline examination. Increased metabolism was observed in several brain regions after the therapy, particularly in the left frontal and parieto-temporal lobes and in the precuneus and posterior cingulate bilaterally. Conclusion: We found an improvement in language, patient and caregiver perception of change, apathy, and depression using high frequency rTMS. The increase of regional brain metabolism suggests enhancement of synaptic activity with the treatment. Trial registration: NCT03580954 (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03580954)
Neurocognitive functioning in bipolar disorder: What we know and what we don’t$$$ Introduction: This narrative review of systematic reviews and meta-analyses aims at compiling available evidence in various aspects of neurocognitive functioning in Bipolar Disorder (BD). Methods: We conducted a MEDLINE literature search and identified 38 relevant systematic reviews and metaanalyses. Results: Current evidence suggests that BD is associated with cognitive impairment across multiple domains and during all clinical states. However, there is a considerable cognitive heterogeneity within BD, which cannot be explained by clinical subtypes, and the pattern of neurocognitive impairment in BD overlaps with other psychiatric conditions such as major depression and schizophrenia. Residual depressive symptoms, poor clinical course and higher number of manic episodes may negatively impact cognitive performance, which is a major predictor of general functioning in BD. Evidence from available prospective studies does not support the notion of progressive cognitive decline in BD while some evidence exists to suggest patients may show some improvements in cognitive functioning following the first manic episode. Furthermore, a subset of patients may show premorbid cognitive abnormalities that could signal an early neurodevelopmental aetiology. Preliminary findings from small studies identify potential pro-cognitive effects of Cognitive Remediation, erythropoietin, intranasal insulin, lurasidone, mifepristone, repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in BD. Discussion: Longitudinal studies in high-risk individuals can provide a better understanding of the development and progression of neurocognitive impairment in BD. Largescale randomised control trials are needed to compare the pro-cognitive efficacy of various pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions in different cognitive subgroups of patients at different stages of BD.
Task-related functional magnetic resonance imaging-based neuronavigation for the treatment of depression by individualized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the visual cortex$$$ To determine whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the visual cortex (VC) provides effective and well-tolerated treatment and whether magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measures functional change of the VC as a biomarker of therapeutic effect in major depressive disorder (MDD), we performed a sham-controlled, double-blind, randomized, three-arm VC rTMS treatment study in 74 MDD patients. Neuronavigated rTMS (10 Hz, 90% of resting motor threshold, 1,600 pulses over 20 min twice per day) was performed over the VC for five days. Clinical outcome was measured by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) at days 0, 1, 3, 5 and after terminating rTMS, with follow-up at four weeks. MRI was measured at days 0 and 5. The individualized group exhibited the greatest change in HAMD-24 scores after VC rTMS for 5 days (F=5.53, P=0.005), which were maintained during follow-up period (F=4.22, P=0.016). All patients reported good tolerance. Changes in VC task-related functional MRI correlated with symptomatic reduction in the individualized group. Treatment reduced the initially abnormal increase in resting state functional connectivity from the VC to the pre/subgenual anterior cingulate cortex at day 5, especially in the individualized group. We demonstrated therapeutic potential and good tolerance of VC rTMS in MDD patients, indicated by biomarkers of fMRI measurement.
Association of Therapies with Reduced Pain and Improved Quality of Life in Patients with Fibromyalgia: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Importance: Fibromyalgia is a chronic condition that results in a significant burden to individuals and society. Objective: To investigate the effectiveness of therapies for reducing pain and improving quality of life (QOL) in people with fibromyalgia. Data Sources: Searches were performed in the MEDLINE, Cochrane, Embase, AMED, PsycInfo, and PEDro databases without language or date restrictions on December 11, 2018, and updated on July 15, 2020. Study Selection: All published randomized or quasi-randomized clinical trials that investigated therapies for individuals with fibromyalgia were screened for inclusion. Data Extraction and Synthesis: Two reviewers independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias using the 0 to 10 PEDro scale. Effect sizes for specific therapies were pooled using random-effects models. The quality of evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment (GRADE) approach. Main Outcomes and Measures: Pain intensity measured by the visual analog scale, numerical rating scales, and other valid instruments and QOL measured by the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire. Results: A total of 224 trials including 29962 participants were included. High-quality evidence was found in favor of cognitive behavioral therapy (weighted mean difference [WMD], -0.9; 95% CI, -1.4 to -0.3) for pain in the short term and was found in favor of central nervous system depressants (WMD, -1.2 [95% CI, -1.6 to -0.8]) and antidepressants (WMD, -0.5 [95% CI, -0.7 to -0.4]) for pain in the medium term. There was also high-quality evidence in favor of antidepressants (WMD, -6.8 [95% CI, -8.5 to -5.2]) for QOL in the short term and in favor of central nervous system depressants (WMD, -8.7 [95% CI, -11.3 to -6.0]) and antidepressants (WMD, -3.5 [95% CI, -4.5 to -2.5]) in the medium term. However, these associations were small and did not exceed the minimum clinically important change (2 points on an 11-point scale for pain and 14 points on a 101-point scale for QOL). Evidence for long-term outcomes of interventions was lacking. Conclusions and Relevance: This systematic review and meta-analysis suggests that most of the currently available therapies for the management of fibromyalgia are not supported by high-quality evidence. Some therapies may reduce pain and improve QOL in the short to medium term, although the effect size of the associations might not be clinically important to patients..
The Application of a Machine Learning-Based Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging Approach in Major Depression$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) shows a high prevalence and is associated with increased disability. While traditional studies aimed to investigate global characteristic neurobiological substrates of MDD, machine learning-based approaches focus on individual people rather than a group. Therefore, machine learning has been increasingly conducted and applied to clinical practice. Several previous neuroimaging studies used machine learning for stratifying MDD patients from healthy controls as well as in differentially diagnosing MDD apart from other psychiatric disorders. Also, machine learning has been used to predict treatment response using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) results. Despite the recent accomplishments of machine learning-based MRI studies, small sample sizes and the heterogeneity of the depression group limit the generalizability of a machine learning-based predictive model. Future neuroimaging studies should integrate various materials such as genetic, peripheral, and clinical phenotypes for more accurate predictability of diagnosis and treatment response.
Verbal Fluency in Mild Alzheimer's Disease: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation over the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex$$$ Background: Recent studies showed that in healthy controls and in aphasic patients, inhibitory trains of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the right prefrontal cortex can improve phonemic fluency performance, while anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the left prefrontal cortex can improve performance in naming and semantic fluency tasks. Objective: This study aimed at investigating the effects of cathodal tDCS over the left or the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on verbal fluency tasks (VFT) in patients with mild Alzheimer's disease (AD). Methods: Forty mild AD patients participated in the study (mean age 73.17±5.61 years). All participants underwent cognitive baseline tasks and a VFT twice. Twenty patients randomly received cathodal tDCS to the left or the right DLPFC, and twenty patients were assigned to a control group in which only the two measures of VFT were taken, without the administration of the tDCS. Results: A significant improvement of performance on the VFT in AD patients was present after tDCS over the right DLPFC (p = 0.001). Instead, no difference was detected between the two VFTs sessions after tDCS over the left DLPFC (p = 0.42). Furthermore, these results cannot be related to task learning effects, since no significant difference was found between the two VFT sessions in the control group (p = 0.73). Conclusion: These data suggest that tDCS over DLPFC can improve VFT performance in AD patients. A hypothesis is that tDCS enhances adaptive patterns of brain activity between functionally connected areas.
Tinnitus and Brain Stimulation$$$ The pathophysiological mechanisms that underlie the generation and maintenance of tinnitus are being unraveled progressively. Based on this knowledge, a large variety of different neuromodulatory interventions have been developed and are still being designed, adapting to the progressive mechanistic insights in the pathophysiology of tinnitus. rTMS targeting the temporal, temporoparietal, and the frontal cortex has been the mainstay of non-invasive neuromodulation. Yet, the evidence is still unclear, and therefore systematic meta-analyses are needed for drawing conclusions on the effectiveness of rTMS in chronic tinnitus. Different forms of transcranial electrical stimulation (tDCS, tACS, tRNS), applied over the frontal and temporal cortex, have been investigated in tinnitus patients, also without robust evidence for universal efficacy. Cortex and deep brain stimulation with implanted electrodes have shown benefit, yet there is insufficient data to support their routine clinical use. Recently, bimodal stimulation approaches have revealed promising results and it appears that targeting different sensory modalities in temporally combined manners may be more promising than single target approaches. While most neuromodulatory approaches seem promising, further research is required to help translating the scientific outcomes into routine clinical practice.
Clinical Implications of Opioid Therapy$$$ Although opioids are potent central acting broad-spectrum analgesics, their effectiveness is diminished by various factors pertaining to their metabolism, drug interactions, genetic issues, adverse/side effects, and potential for abuse. All these factors present potential barriers to effective analgesia requiring specific considerations in clinical practice, which include monitoring and case-based intervention.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the modulation of cortical and spinal cord excitability in individuals with spinal cord injury$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been applied for modulating cortical excitability and treating spasticity in neurological lesions. However, it is unclear which rTMS frequency is most effective in modulating cortical and spinal excitability in incomplete spinal cord injury (SCI). Objective: To evaluate electrophysiological and clinical repercussions of rTMS compared to sham stimulation when applied to the primary motor cortex (M1) in individuals with incomplete SCI. Methods: A total of 11 subjects (35±12 years) underwent three experimental sessions of rTMS (10 Hz, 1 Hz and sham stimulation) in a randomized order at 90%intensity of the resting motor threshold and interspersed by a seven-day interval between sessions. The following outcome measures were evaluated: M1 and spinal cord excitability and spasticity in the moments before (baseline), immediately after (T0), 30 (T30) and 60 (T60) minutes after rTMS. M1 excitability was obtained through the motor evoked potential (MEP); spinal cord excitability by the Hoffman reflex (H-reflex) and homosynaptic depression (HD); and spasticity by the modified Ashworth scale (MAS). Results: A significant increase in cortical excitability was observed in subjects submitted to 10 Hz rTMS at the T0 moment when compared to sham stimulation (p = 0.008); this increase was also significant at T0 (p = 0.009), T30 (p = 0.005) and T60 (p = 0.005) moments when compared to the baseline condition. No significant differences were observed after the 10 Hz rTMS on spinal excitability or on spasticity. No inter-group differences were detected, or in the time after application of 1 Hz rTMS, or after sham stimulation for any of the assessed outcomes. Conclusions: High-frequency rTMS applied to M1 was able to promote increased cortical excitability in individuals with incomplete SCI for at least 60 minutes; however, it did not modify spinal excitability or spasticity.
Impact of active and sham bifrontal rTMS on cholinergic system in treatment-resistant depression and connection to treatment response: A preliminary study$$$ Background: Short-latency afferent inhibition (SAI) is a neurophysiological protocol measuring cholinergic activity likely mediated by the GABAA receptor subtype bearing the α1- subunit. It integrates afferent information from a peripheral nerve and modulates motor cortical excitability by inhibiting motor responses. It is measured by combining peripheral electrical nerve stimulation followed by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the contralateral primary motor cortex. The cholinergic system regulates several central nervous system functions, and dysfunction of the cholinergic system may contribute to the development of depression. This study evaluated how repetitive TMS (rTMS) impacts SAI in treatment-resistant major depression (TRD) and how SAI and treatment response are related. Methods: Twenty-two patients with TRD (age: 20-55 years, 12 females, 19 right-handed) were randomized to receive either active or sham rTMS. Active rTMS included 10 patients (6 females, 3 with psychotic depression) and sham rTMS 12 patients (6 females, 2 with psychotic depression). Altogether 30 treatment sessions were applied bifrontally: 10 Hz rTMS was targeted on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and 1 Hz rTMS on the right DLPFC. Before and after the treatment course, the patients participated in a SAI measurement which included three conditions: 1) baseline, i.e., TMS-evoked motor evoked potentials (MEPs) without preceding electrical stimulation, 2) combined electrical stimulation and TMS, the time interval between the stimulations was subject-specific somatosensory evoked potential N20 latency + 3ms and 3) combined electrical stimulation and TMS, the time interval between stimulations was N20 latency + 10ms (control condition, no SAI phenomenon expected based on previous literature on healthy subjects). Each SAI condition included 120 trials. To confirm the SAI phenomenon, conditions 2 and 3 were compared to condition 1 with a Wilcoxon Signed Ranks Test. In addition, SAI strength was assessed as a percentage decrease in MEP amplitude in conditions 2 and 3 from the baseline MEP. The severity of depression was evaluated with the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) before and after the treatment course. Response to treatment was defined as a HAMD decrement of 50% or more from the baseline. The differences in SAI between treatment responders and non-responders within a treatment group were assessed with a Mann-Whitney U Test. Results: In the active rTMS group, the SAI phenomenon appeared as previously described in healthy subjects, i.e., SAI significantly appeared before (p = 0.013) and after (p = 0.005) treatment only in condition 2. In the sham group, before the treatment, SAI appeared only in condition 2 (p = 0.004), whereas after treatment, SAI did not appear anymore in condition 2 (p = 0.071). However, instead of inhibition, condition 3 experienced a facilitatory phenomenon (p = 0.015). In the active treatment group, there were 6 responders and 4 non-responders, whereas, in the sham group, there were 8 responders and 3 non-responders. In one individual in the sham group, the response could not be evaluated due to missing after treatment HAMD. In the active treatment group, the responders had a significantly larger average SAI strength before the treatment than the non-responders (condition 2: p = 0.038, SAI% (responder) = 74%, SAI% (non-responder) = 21%; condition 3: p = 0.010, SAI% (responder) = 22%, SAI% (non-responder) = -45%). In the sham group, SAI strength between responders and nonresponders did not differ before or after the treatment. Conclusions: These preliminary results imply that SAI measured before the treatment could potentially predict treatment responders and non-responders in the active rTMS group. Active rTMS does not, however, change SAI behavior, whereas sham rTMS does. The SAI changes associated with sham are not connected to treatment response, and the underlying cause remains unknown.
Cerebellar transcranial-magnetic stimulation as a potential treatment in bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Bipolar Disorder (BD) symptoms include impairment in the coordination of cognitive processes and emotions. Recent work has implicated cerebellar (ceb) abnormalities in the pathophysiology of BD, including dysfunctional interactions between the ceb and the medial frontal cortex (MFC). As the ceb-MFC interactions are important for cognitive and mood regulation, the present work sought to boost ceb-PFC connectivity through cerebellar transcranial-magnetic stimulation (ceb-TMS). Additionally, ceb-TMS has recently been used to improve cognitive and mood symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. As schizophrenia and BD have phenomenological overlap, including the target symptoms of cognitive deficits and depressed mood, there is reason to be optimistic that patients with BD will benefit from the same treatment protocol. Methods: In the present double blinded clinical trial, the safety and efficacy of using ceb-TMS in BD was examined. Both men and women suffering from BD (n = 30) were pseudorandomly divided into active and sham treatment groups with optional crossover at the end of the trial. Neuro-navigated TMS of the cerebellar vermis or sham treatment was provided 2x/day for 5 days (total of 10 treatments). A theta-burst stimulation protocol was utilized, consisting of 50 Hz triplets repeated at 5 Hz delivered for 2 s and followed by an 8 s pause. Neurobiological mechanisms underlying cognitive symptoms in BD were investigated via electroencephalography (EEG - Aim 1). Effects of TMS on cognitive symptoms were evaluated via clinical scales and cognitive tasks including the supra-second interval timing task (Aim 2). Results: Contrary to our hypothesis, we found that participants who received active ceb-TMS showed reduced trial-wide low frequency activity (delta and theta bands) compared to those who received sham treatment. Reduction in low-frequency oscillations were specific to interval-timing task performance, as this effect was not observable during rest. Event-locked spectral analyses indicate that while participants who received sham treatment had an increase in cue-elicited low frequency power, this increase was prevented by the active ceb-TMS treatment. Despite oscillatory differences between sham and active groups, no significant differences in interval timing and cognitive/mood scales were detected. Conclusions: The present work suggests that ceb-TMS is a safe and well-tolerated treatment for individuals with BD. EEG analyses indicate that ceb-TMS leads to a reduction in MFC low-frequency activity. However, effects on mood/cognition were not detected.
Accurate DLPFC targeting improves ITBS response in treatment resistant depression and alters TMS-EEG markers of cortical excitation$$$ Background: iTBS is a 3-minute form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with considerable therapeutic efficacy in TRD when applied daily for up to 4 weeks. The delivery of the stimulus is affected by the considerable inter-individual heterogeneity in head structure, DLPFC anatomy and conductivity. As rTMS physiological changes are inextricably linked to the induced E-fields, the ability to direct the E-field effectively to each patient's unique DLPFC architecture offers a personalized approach compared to standard neuronavigation targeting approaches based on group averages. We recently demonstrated that TRD is associated with abnormalities in TMS-EEG markers of cortical inhibition in the DLPFC and rTMS alters TMS-EEG markers of cortical inhibition in conjunction with clinical improvement, whereas iTBS alters TMS-EEG markers towards greater cortical excitation. Methods: We utilized a novel E-field modeling pipeline (The Auxiliary Dipole Method (ADM)) to back-model the actual delivered E-fields in comparison to intended MNI group target for a subset of patients (n = 17) from a recent randomized controlled trial of iTBS in TRD. We then examined TMS-EEG results before and after the course of iTBS in 27 individuals from the same trial and compared the back-modeled delivered E-fields from the iTBS stimulation to the TMS-EEG markers and HRSD-17 scores. Results: We found a mean shift of 13.86 9.80mm. The shift was significantly greater in non-responders (17.73 + /-10.13mm) compared to responders (6.76 + /-2.93mm); (t(12.713) = 3.343, p = 0.005). Clinical response was correlated with a more accurately delivered iTBS pulse (i.e. closer to the intended group-based DLPFC MNI coordinates) (r = 0.638, p = 0.006). We examined 27 individuals from a recent trial investigating the efficacy of iTBS in TRD, and found that in responders, the GMFA-AUC amplitude, a TMS-EEG marker of cortical excitation, increases after a course of iTBS, where no change is seen in non-responders. In responders when the iTBS pulse was delivered closer to the intended DLPFC target, there was more cortical excitation (ie. larger GMFA-AUC change) (r = 0.853, p = 0.003). In non-responders, there was less accurate stimulus delivery and no change in GMFA-AUC (r = 0.377 p-0.461). Conclusions: The mean distance found is considerable, as E-field strength depreciates by half with 5mm intervals. Thus, while iTBS is a significant improvement in efficiency, an important explanation for the high proportion of non-responders may relate to suboptimal targeting of the DLPFC using methods developed for the motor cortex. Further, TMS-EEG markers of cortical excitation (GMFA-AUC) hold important promise as biological markers of iTBS response.
Antidepressant response of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy: Response trajectories by symptom clusters$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for severe depression, particularly for cases with psychotic features, treatment-resistance, and acute suicidality. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), in which seizures are induced using high-dose repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, can potentially offer similar efficacy as ECT, but with fewer adverse side effects. Although the efficacy rates between the two treatment modalities have been shown to be relatively similar, it is unclear whether they differentially act on depressive symptom dimensions and clusters. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of a double-blind, randomized, controlled trial comparing the efficacy of ECT (ultrabrief pulse, right unilateral electrode placement) and MST (circular coil over vertex). The randomized clinical trial was conducted under an Investigational Device Exemption from the US FDA and was approved by the Institutional Review Boards of the New York State Psychiatric Institute, Duke University Medical Center, and UT Southwestern Medical Center. Participants were referred for treatment with ECT, between the ages of 21 and 81, and met DSM-IV-TR criteria for a major depressive episode in the context of major depressive disorder or bipolar depression based on the Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnosis, and had a baseline 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) total score of 18 or greater. Exclusion criteria included a history of neurological disorders, head trauma, contraindications to transcranial magnetic stimulation, current unstable or serious medical illness, pregnancy, presence of implanted electronic devices, history of ECT in the prior six months or failure to previously respond to ECT, or a Mini Mental Status Exam total score less than 24. Data from an intent-to-treat sample of 72 participants were included in this analysis. First, we conducted an exploratory factor analysis of HAMD subitems at baseline. All but one participant scored 0 on the item Insight; therefore, we removed this item from the factor analysis (thus the HAMD now comprised 23 items). The number of factors was determined using parallel analysis. The minimum residual approach was used with oblique, oblimin rotations to allow for between-factor correlations. Items with loadings > = 0.3 were included for each factor. The factor scores at each treatment, calculated as the sum of individual item scores at each treatment, were normalized to baseline factor scores. Next, we performed latent class trajectory modeling to classify participants into classes based on fitting heterogeneous longitudinal polynomial response trajectories. We used the 24-item HAMD total score at each treatment for up to the eighth treatment, from a subset of 67 participants who had received a minimum of three ECT or MST treatments. We used a model with up to a cubic polynomial term, with quadratic random effects and a proportionality constraint to allow variance structures to vary across classes. To assess model adequacy, we calculated the average posterior probability of class membership (>0.7 in all classes is regarded as acceptable). We further assess model adequacy using odds of correct classification (>5 recommended) and mismatch (close of zero recommended). Finally, we explored whether baseline clinical, demographic characteristics, and treatment modalities were associated with response trajectories. Results: For the baseline 23-item HAMD, the Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin sampling adequacy measure was 0.58, which was minimally adequate for factor analysis. The 23 items loaded onto 4 factors. Factor 1 consisted of hopelessness (loading score = 0.77), depressed mood (0.61), work and activities (0.56), helplessness (0.53), worthlessness (0.44), psychic anxiety (0.40), and suicide (0.34); Factor 2 consisted of late insomnia (0.76), general somatic symptoms (0.34), psychomotor retardation (0.34), and early insomnia (0.30); Factor 3 consisted of weight loss (0.60), gastro-intestinal symptoms (0.56), hypochondriasis (0.53), and somatic anxiety (0.43); Factor 4 consisted of middle insomnia (0.70), guilt (0.64), and depersonalization (0.34). Over the first 8 treatments of ECT or MST, Factors 1 and 4 showed substantial reductions relative to baseline (z-scores∼-1.5 at treatment 8), whereas Factors 2 and 3 only slight reductions (z-score > -1). There was no difference between ECT and MST on the magnitude or speed of symptom factor score reduction. In the 3-class model, the response trajectories showed distinct temporal patterns. The first class, which we labeled “nonresponse” (N = 10, 14.9%), showed minimum HAMD reduction over the eight treatments. The second class, labeled as “linear response” (N = 46, 68.7%), showed steady linear reduction in HAMD. The third class, labeled as “rapid response” (N = 11, 16.4%), showed maximal HAMD reduction within the first three treatments. Further exploratory analysis showed that the three classes did not differ in baseline depression severity (symptom factor scores, or total HAMD), age, sex, or treatment modality. Conclusions: ECT and MST did not differ in their impact on symptom dimensions or the speed of symptom improvement. The most significant improvements observed were in the core mood symptoms of depression. We identified distinct classes of response trajectories. Future work is needed to identify predictors of response class using discrimination analysis with additional psychosocial and physiological covariates.
Intensive tms in treatment refractory patients with major depressive disorder: A pilot replication$$$ Background: Approximately 30% - 40% of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) have treatment resistant depression (TRD), defined as a failure to respond to two adequate medication trials or relapse during treatment. Patients with TRD experience severe depressive symptoms, including suicidal ideation. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has proven efficacy for the treatment of TRD but is still relatively under-utilized, and, like most depression treatments, there is a delay in the onset of beneficial effects of TMS, generally administered as a 4 week course. Few evidence-based interventions exist for depression treatment with rapid onset. Thus, testing the efficacy of rapid-acting treatments could potentially help short-circuit the descent into suicidal states and could accelerate recovery. In this study we sought to replicate a recently developed protocol (Williams, Sudheimer et al. 2018) for concentrating the usual 4 weeks of TMS into 5 days of intensive treatment using the same treatment parameters in a treatment refractory cohort. Methods: Participants (n = 7) were recruited from the outpatient clinics at the University of Pennsylvania. Participants (age 21-67; mean = 41.4; 4 males, 3 females) were required to meet criteria for unipolar TRD. They were excluded for symptoms of psychosis, other comorbid psychiatric illness including PTSD, OCD and substance abuse disorder, neurological syndromes including Parkinson's disease, seizure disorder, history of significant brain trauma, space occupying lesion, dementia, any serious medical illness (e.g. end stage renal disease), use of medications that could produce depression (e.g. beta-blockers) or MRI contraindications. All were assessed by SCID, Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and Scale for Suicidal Ideation (SSI) to determine if patients met inclusion and exclusion criteria. All underwent MRI scanning (Siemens 3T scanner) to obtain coordinates for neuronavigation guided TMS. Individualized targeting was conducted by selecting the dorsal lateral PFC coordinates corresponding to the gyral crest at the center of a meta-analytically derived DLPFC mask from Neurosynth (i.e. largest left hemisphere cluster using association test search term = dlPFC; z = 5.93 peak = -46, 38, 30) superimposed on each individual brain. The study was approved by the University of Pennsylvania Institutional Review Board. Participants were treated with open-label iTBS with 1800 pulses per session at 90% resting motor threshold and depth adjustment to the personalized anatomical target. Each session lasted 10min followed by a 50-min intersession interval. Our iTBS pulse parameters were identical to those used by Li et al. (Li, Chen et al. 2014) (3-pulse 50-Hz bursts at 5-Hz for 2-s trains, with trains every 10s). Ten sessions were applied per day (18000 pulses/day) for five consecutive days (90000 total pulses) using a Magventure Magpro X100 system. Depression severity was measured at baseline, immediately after the final session and at 2 weeks follow-up. To assess intensive TMS-induced changes in symptom severity from baseline, linear mixed effects regression models fit by restricted maximum likelihood (REML) were used with subject-level random intercepts. P-values for fixed-effects parameter estimates were estimated using Kenward-Roger's approximation and assessed individually at a 0.05 significance level. Results: Participants had a history of a mean of 6.6 failed treatment trials with antidepressant monotherapy and mean of 2.4 augmentation trials. All participants were significantly impaired by illness resulting in either unemployment or disability. MADRS scores significantly decreased following treatment (β = -12.7, se = 2.8, p < 0.001) and remained significant 2-weeks post-treatment (β = -12.4, se = 3.0, p = 0.002). SSI scores significantly decreased following treatment (β = -2.7, se = 0.9, p = 0.015) and remained low but not statistically different from baseline at 2-weeks posttreatment (β = -2.1, se = 1.0, p = 0.06). All participants tolerated the therapy without adverse events. Conclusions: This work confirms previously reported evidence for treatment of highly refractory depression with high-dose spaced iTBS. An important difference between this study and the Williams et al study (Stanford SAINT protocol) is the use of anatomical targeting rather than connectivity based targeting, which may have resulted in a less robust treatment response in the current study (37% vs 76% decrease). Nonetheless, we note that the patients who were treated in this study achieved an equivalent or better response in 5 days compared with traditional TMS lasting 4-6 weeks. We are planning a follow-up study with connectivity guided TMS to confirm the added benefit. A sham controlled study will be necessary to assess the treatment outcome in a larger sample of TRD patients.
Predicting treatment response to transcranial magnetic stimulation using an exponential decay function$$$ Background: Recovery from major depressive disorder (MDD) has been shown to follow a nonlinear pattern of treatment response that can be modeled using an exponential decay function. This pattern of large reductions in depressive symptoms early in treatment followed by smaller but continued improvements has been demonstrated at the group level for multiple antidepressant medications. However, it is unclear if this exponential pattern of symptom response can be extrapolated to other depression treatment modalities, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). The objective of this study was to apply this exponential decay model of treatment response to therapeutic TMS and investigate the utility of this model for predicting clinical outcomes based on early treatment response. Methods: We collected symptom rating data from a naturalistic sample of 97 patients treated with left-sided, high-frequency, clinical TMS at the Providence VA Medical Center at baseline and after every five TMS treatment sessions using the Patient Health Questionnaire 9 (PHQ-9). We constructed a nonlinear mixedeffects model using the exponential decay function, D(t) = A∗e∧ (-t/B) + C. In this model, symptom ratings (D) at treatment (t) are described using the magnitude of total response (A), decaying at a time constant (B), and approaching a minimum value (C). Model parameters A and C were treated as random effects at the patient level, and parameters A, B, and C were fit as fixed effects at the group level. We compared this nonlinear model to a corresponding linear mixed-effects model in which the slope and intercept were treated as random effects by patient using the Akaike information criterion (AIC) and likelihood ratio test (LRT). We then assessed the predictive utility of this model using leaveone- out cross-validation (LOOCV) by estimating the time constant (B) on a subset of the sample and using this estimate to calculate the predicted symptom level at the end of treatment (C) for the left-out individual based on symptom rating scores at baseline and after five or ten sessions of TMS. Results: The naturalistic sample of 97 patients receiving clinical TMS incorporated 562 observations with each individual contributing 2 to 9 (Median 6) longitudinal measurements of depressive symptoms as measured by PHQ-9. The pattern of treatment response to TMS was well modeled with the exponential decay function, yielding significant estimates for model parameters A, B, and C (all p < 0.001). On average, patients experienced a 5.8 point drop in PHQ-9 scores with a time constant (B) of 6.1 TMS treatments. When compared to a corresponding linear mixed-effects model, the exponential decay model displayed lower AIC values and a significant likelihood ratio (LRT = 63.2, p < 0.001), suggesting that the nonlinear model is a better fit. In subsets containing complete longitudinal data (n = 82-90), LOOCV yielded consistent estimates of the time constant B (mean 6.065, sd 0.12). By rearranging the exponential decay function using this time constant estimate (B) and symptom scores at baseline and after five (n = 90) or ten sessions (n = 82), we calculated predicted values of C for the left out patients. These predicted C values yielded significant correlations with the PHQ-9 scores at the end of treatment, accounting for 38% to 59% of the variance in final scores, using baseline and either scores after five or ten TMS sessions, respectively (all p < 0.001). Conclusions: These results provide evidence that the antidepressant response to TMS demonstrates a nonlinear pattern of symptom improvement that follows an exponential decay function. This modeling suggests that the greatest improvements in symptom reduction occur early in the TMS treatment course. These methods provide a mathematical description of the relationship between early symptom changes and treatment trajectories that could be used to predict TMS outcomes and guide clinical treatment decisions.
Dosing by design: Using functional and structural architecture to improve TMS outcomes$$$ Background: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) has emerged as a promising treatment for various psychiatric disorders. The optimal dose and stimulation location for each patient, however, remains elusive. Using the scaffolding of a large clinical trial, we retrospectively analyzed the influence of neural architecture and functional topography on treatment outcomes in a TMS trial for alcohol use disorder. Methods: In the Parent Study (randomized, double-blind, enrolled from 2016-2019), 51 heavy alcohol users were randomized to receive real or sham stimulation to the medial prefrontal cortex during an intensive outpatient treatment program (3600 pulses cTBS, 110% rMT, 10 visits; 36,000 pulses total; left frontal pole). Longitudinal functional and structural MRI data were acquired for each individual at baseline and 3 follow ups (up to 4 scans per individual). In the present study, anatomical data were used to calculate the amplitude of the realized TMS electric field at the cortex for each individual (SIMNIBS v3.1) and baseline functional MRI data were used to calculate the overlap between the TMS-induced field and individual functional maps. Multivariate linear regressions and clustering analyses were used to calculate the independent and synergistic impact of these factors on treatment outcomes. Results: Individuals for whom the TMS-induced electric field intersected spatial maps of brain regions significantly activated by drug cues (FWE corrected clusters p < 0.05) had the highest sobriety over the 4 month duration of the experiment (F(2, 49) =14.58, p = 0.02) and a greater change in depression symptoms (as measured by the Beck Depression Inventory; F(1,66)=5.016, p = 0.028), anxiety (as measured by the Spielberger Anxiety Inventory; State-F(1,66) =3.655, p = 0.06, Trait F(1,66)=7.746, p = 0.007) relative to individuals with non-overlapping TMS-electric fields and functional MRI activity. Conclusions: In this prospective clinical trial, the individuals with the best clinical outcomes were those in whom the TMSinduced electric field overlapped with their specific pattern of cueinduced BOLD signal within the medial prefrontal cortex. These data suggest that, instead of merely using a fixed stimulation location and motor-cortex-based dosing, patients treatment outcomes may be maximized by incorporating structural and functional architecture into dosing protocols.
Baseline memory function affects memory outcome in older adults with major depressive disorder treated with acute course electroconvulsive therapy and venlafaxine$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a significant public health challenge worldwide. Major depression in the older adult populations worsens overall health, results in functional impairment, and leads to increased morbidity, and mortality. Moreover, depression in older adults tends to be treatmentresistant. For such treatment-resistant depression, and in acute crises cases such as the presence of suicidality and psychotic features, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is often prescribed. While ECT is highly beneficial in older adults with depression, it can also produce adverse cognitive effects. We previously assessed broad neurocognitive and specific verbal learning and memory component effects of a combined regimen of ECT and venlafaxine in older adults with depression during Phase 1 of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study. Prior research and our findings demonstrated that ECT adversely impacts multiple neurocognitive functions including verbal learning and memory. However, there is limited information regarding how baseline memory function relates to memory outcomes following treatment with ECT. The purpose of this analysis was to examine how baseline cognitive function, specifically verbal memory, affected ECT-associated memory outcome. We explored whether, following acute treatment with a regimen of ECT and venlafaxine, older adults with relatively intact baseline memory function would retain stable memory performance better than those with impaired baseline memory. Methods: The PRIDE study was a NIMH funded, multicenter, randomized study of an individualized continuation ECT schedule combined with pharmacotherapy to enhance long-term outcomes in older adults with MDD. In Phase 1 of the study, patients received acute ECT thrice weekly combined with venlafaxine. ECT parameters were standardized as: right unilateral (RUL) electrode placement using a Somatics Thymatron System IV with an ultrabrief pulse width of 0.25ms and current of 0.9Amps or a MECTA SPECTRUM device with an ultrabrief pulse width of 0.3ms and current of 0.8Amps. Older adults (age > 60) with MDD were included. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. For the purposes of this analysis, the neurocognitive outcome data were collected with the 2nd edition of the California Verbal Learning Test (CVLT-II). The CVLT-II is a psychometrically sound measure of verbal learning and memory. The CVLT-II Standard and Alternate forms were used in order to minimize practice effects, with form order counterbalanced across study sites, subjects, and the two study time points (baseline, end) by a computerized algorithm. The CVLT-II was administered at Phase 1 baseline and within 72 hours following the last ECT session. CVLT-II raw scores were converted into demographic-adjusted scores. Based on baseline performance using the demographicadjusted scores, the study cohort was characterized as having strong (z-score > 0.5), average (z-score > -0.5 and < 0.5), or impaired (zscore < -1) memory performance. Descriptive statistics were used to characterize the demographic, memory function, and clinical features of the sample, as well as the impact on memory performance following treatment. Percentages may not add up to 100% due to missing data. Results: The study sample (n = 203) had a mean age of 69.9 (SD = 7.6), 14.5 (SD = 3.3) years of education, 57.5% were female and 95% were Caucasian. Verbal memory scores at baseline revealed that 32.1% showed strong performance, 35.4% showed average performance, and 32.5% showed impaired performance. Following acute treatment with RUL ultrabrief pulse ECT and venlafaxine, the three memory function groups showed differential outcomes. For those with strong baseline verbal memory function, 56.9% remained strong, 23.1% had average performance, and 9.2% displayed impaired performance. For those with average baseline verbal memory function, 31.9% remained average, 36.1% showed strong performance, and 15.3% had impaired performance. For those with impaired baseline verbal memory function, 36.4% remained impaired, 43.9% showed intact performance, and 6.1% had strong performance. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is one of the first studies to examine how baseline verbal memory function relates to performance following treatment with ECT and venlafaxine in older adults with MDD. Those with average and strong baseline performance showed relative stability and limited impairment after treatment. While some older adults with impaired baseline performance showed intact or strong performance after treatment, approximately 33% remained impaired. As such, average and strong baseline memory function may be a protective factor and impaired baseline memory function may be a risk factor for ECT-associated effects on memory performance. These findings are consistent with other treatments with known adverse cognitive effects where baseline cognitive function has been found to moderate treatment-associated cognitive outcomes. These findings highlight the importance of collecting neurocognitive information in older adults with depression who receive ECT. As this study only focused on verbal memory function, future research is warranted to examine other aspects of cognitive function such as attention, executive function, and working memory to examine how such baseline function may impact outcomes after treatment.
Incisionless MR-Guided Focused Ultrasound: Technical Considerations and Current Approaches in Psychiatric Disorders$$$ Introduction: Pharmacological and psychotherapeutic interventions represent the first-line treatment for psychiatric disorders. However, one-third of psychiatric patients achieve a limited response or suffer from drug-associated side effects. Under such circumstances, noninvasive [transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), ablative Gamma Knife radiosurgery (GKRS), MR-guided focused ultrasound (MRgFUS)] and invasive brain modulation procedures [deep brain stimulation (DBS), surface/ epidural brain stimulation (EpS), ablative radiofrequency (RFA), extracranial cervical vagus nerve stimulation (VNS)] have resulted in encouraging responsiveness (depending on the applied technique) and are currently under clinical investigation [1-16]. Noninvasive [transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial current stimulation, electroconvulsive therapy, gamma knife radiosurgery, MR-guided high intensity focused ultrasound] and invasive (deep brain stimulation, radiofrequency, surface/epidural brain stimulation, cervical vagus nerve stimulation] brain modulation procedures have exhibited a meaningful responsiveness in psychiatric disorders and are currently under clinical investigation. Most recently, a non-invasive approach, namely, stereotactic MRgFUS using high-intensity focused ultrasound lesioning (HIFU; 650-720 kHz) was clinically introduced targeting deeper brain areas, such as the basal ganglia and the thalamic nuclei. Stereotactic MR-guided high-intensity focused ultrasound (thermal lesioning) has been reported to be safe and effective for movement disorders, neuropathic pain and most recently neuropsychiatric disorders, while low-intensity focused ultrasound (non-lesioning thermal/mechanical) represents a non-lesioning approach to modulate deeper brain structures. This narrative review introduces and discusses the therapeutic potential of incisionless stereotactic MR-guided high-intensity focused ultrasound of deep brain structures for the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Methods/Materials: A literature review (PubMed, MEDLINE/ OVID, SCOPUS and manual searches of the bibliographies of known primary and review articles) was performed using the following search terms: MR-guided stereotactic ultrasound (highintensity/ low-intensity), psychiatric disorders, brain stimulation, randomized controlled trials, safety/efficacy, and complications. Results: Currently, stereotactic MR-guided high-intensity focused ultrasound ablation is under clinical investigation for obsessive-compulsive disorders (OCDs) [NCT 01986296/ NCT 03156335; anterior cingular cortex] and depression/anxiety disorders [NCT 02348411/ NCT 02685488; anterior cingulate cortex] and has demonstrated a clinical improvement in OCD and depression in preliminary reports. Low-intensity ultrasound applications have been explored in Alzheimeŕs disease (phase 1 study) and healthy subjects. Discussion: Therapeutic use of intracranial ultrasound has been under investigation for some decades, but its accessibility has been limited by the necessity of craniotomy and the lack of neuroimaging monitoring (thermal mapping) modalities to control the ablated tissue volume (basal ganglia/thalamic nuclei) through the intact skull (incisionless) by using a frame-based (stereotactic) MR-thermal mapping approach. Brain lesioning utilizing stereotactic MR-guided high-intensity ultrasound represents an emerging minimally invasive treatment strategy in neuropsychiatric disorders that may become complementary to established invasive and non-invasive brain stimulation procedures with comparable effectiveness. Conclusions: However, based upon its non-invasive and standardized procedural characteristics and the potential therapeutic impact, MRgFUS may be more appropriate than other brain stimulation methods for comparable clinical conditions. While these nascent developments are exciting and MRgFUS constitutes a potential renaissance for ablative and non-ablative brain modulation, the question whether MRgFUS serves as a complementary or competitive procedure compared to NIBS, DBS, RFA and GKRS remains premature to appraise at this stage. In addition, significant safeguards are highly waranted prior to performing this kind of procedure, as severely ill psychiatric patients deserves ressources that may not be considered ahead of time.
5th Iranian Symposium on Brain Mapping Updates$$$ The proceedings contain 20 papers. The topics discussed include: the prism of brain mapping techniques and the need for their translational researches and clinical applications; time-frequency analysis of electroencephalogram signals in a perceptual decision-making task of random dot kinematograms; disruption of resting-state functional brain networks in children with attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder: a resting state EEG study; EEG spectral and complexity indices change during Islamic praying; the influence of odors on time perception; improving the classification of real-world SSVEP data in brain-computer interface speller systems using deep convolutional neural networks; and machine learning techniques and nonlinear features of EEG signal to predict treatment response to rTMS in depression.
ANALYSIS OF THE IMPORTANCE OF FILM AND TELEVISION COMMUNICATION IN THE TREATMENT OF DEPRESSIVE PSYCHOSIS$$$ Background: Depressive psychosis can be interpreted as depression, depression, pessimism, deviations from the understanding of social things, and death thoughts and behaviors in severe cases in order to end pain, suffering and confusion. Depressive patients commit suicide at a rate of 20 times that of the average person. This shows the harm that depression can cause to depressed patients. and the rate of social disharmony is very high. Experts have long recommended that depression be prevented and treated as soon as possible, and that families and friends not be reminded of the tragedy that depresses you in the final form of suicide. Long-term clinical research has found that the main inducing factors of depression have a great relationship with one's own psychology, which avoids the misunderstanding that there is no proper way to mislead patients into another kind of area. Years of clinical research by psychiatrists on Dipu Yin music therapy, exercise therapy, reflex therapy, women's hormone replacement therapy, HRT experimental therapy, alternative therapy, electroconvulsive therapy have summarized a set of treatment standards for mild and severe depression - brain biogenic amine balance therapy, which is a scientific and appropriate treatment for the severity of depression symptoms, classification and treatment. Because the cause of its induced seizures for the psychological role, so pay attention to regulate and control the mood of patients is very important. The film and television cultural dissemination activities, not only to guide the psychological direction of patients, but also to ease the negative psychology of patients. At present, network culture, film and television culture, cell phone culture, idol culture and so on are widely popular in society, affecting people's life style, aesthetic taste, values. Film and television culture absorbs the essence of various arts, has a variety of forms of expression and means of communication, is an important carrier of entertainment and access to information. Film is a kind of world language art, and the product of the fusion of different cultures. Modern film, as the carrier of national culture, can express to the world and achieve the goal of dissemination and development. For the object and audience of communication, the concept of information, whether in material form or intangible, needs to be spread in a happy and broad way. The spread of culture is not a preaching chatter, but attracting the audience's own appreciation and experience and find resonance from it. Objective: The evaluation of a movie, mainly in the visual, auditory, sensory aspects of the audience to bring shock and can arouse the audience's resonance. Vision is the picture of a movie and the impression it conveys to the audience. Sensation refers to the psychological feelings of the audience. This feeling can be directly conveyed to the audience from the film itself through the screen and music, and can also indirectly allow the audience to think, associate, taste. People's senses are interlinked, feeling directly affect people's mood, so film and television dissemination of activities on the treatment of depressive psychosis will also play a positive role. Subjects and methods: Select a mental health center hospitalized 60 patients with depressive psychosis as the study subjects, using a random number table was divided into study group and control group of 30 cases. The study lasted one month. There was no significant difference between the two groups (P > 0.05) in sex, age and other general data. The control group was only treated with normal medication and normal nursing. On the basis of the control group, the study group increased the time of film and television transmission activity by two hours every day. The first half of the films to choose to take a positive, optimistic and humorous, family-based harmony. The second half of the month to education, publicity and cultural films mainly. While the patients in the study group watched the movie, the psychological changes and expression changes of the patients in the study group were recorded, and the patients in the study group were allowed to communicate, talk and speak out their ideas. At the end of the experiment, the data were analyzed by interview. Talk with control group and experimental group, visit time 20 min-30 min. After the interview, according to the performance of the two groups for statistical analysis. Methods: Using Excel statistics of the importance of video communication activities in the treatment of depressive psychosis. Results: The results of this test, with 1 to 4 levels of quantitative specific factors influence value, 1 means irrelevant, 2 means general, 3 means great, 4 means deeply affected. In order to reduce the subjective errors in the evaluation, 60 patients were evaluated and the results were rounded. The statistical table is shown in Table 1. (Table Presented) Participants 4 3 4 Conclusions: Through the investigation and research, it is found that the activity of film and television transmission plays an important role in the treatment of patients with depression and psychosis. Film and TV communication is a kind of leading intervention, which is different from other psychological interventions, and it is more effective in improving people's mental state, and it is more acceptable.
SELF-REGULATION OF PHYSICAL EXERCISE ON MENTAL STATUS OF PATIENTS WITH DEPRESSION$$$ Background: According to the survey, more than 40 million people in China have suffered from depression. The traditional treatment of depression mainly includes drug therapy and psychotherapy. With the progress of science and technology, there are various physical therapy methods such as improved electroconvulsive therapy and repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation. Because the above treatment methods are usually expensive, time-consuming and laborious, many people do not get timely and effective treatment. In addition, because people often regard depression as a manifestation of mental abnormality, most patients with depression refuse to admit that they are patients with mental illness and refuse to see a doctor. The high treatment cost of psychological, physical therapy and some drug treatment often makes the middle and low-class patients with depression afraid, and the various side effects or sequelae of cheap drug treatment make them hard to say, resulting in some patients receiving treatment with unsatisfactory effect or giving up treatment directly. Therefore, it is of great value to explore a treatment that can be applied to the vast majority of patients with depression. Physical exercise to alleviate depressive symptoms is an important part of the psychological benefits of exercise. However, previous studies have adopted inconsistent methods, and the exercise intervention items, time and intensity are also different. Subjects and methods: The object of this study is the psychological path that sports promote the development of teenagers' mental health quality. The subjects are young students. Study design: By means of data investigation, this paper constructs a psychological path for sports to promote the development of teenagers' mental health quality. Methods of statistical analysis: Using the methods of literature and logical analysis, this paper explores the relationship between physical exercise and depression. As a direct means to promote health, physical exercise is an effective way to prevent, slow down and treat depression. Results: 120 college students with moderate and mild depression were randomly divided into experimental group and control group. The experimental group was divided into antagonistic sports group and non-antagonistic sports group, with 40 people in each group; The depression level and exercise volume of 40 people in the control group were measured before the experiment and 3 months after the experiment. 120 questionnaires were distributed before and after the experiment, and 104 valid questionnaires were obtained after 3 months (39 in the control group, 34 in the antagonistic sports group and 31 in the nonantagonistic Sports Group), with an effective rate of 86%. Due to the loss of subjects, major changes and other reasons, 16 questionnaires were invalid. The composition of the subjects is shown in Table 1. The results of intervention effect of physical exercise on depressed college students are shown in Table 2. The one-way ANOVA showed that there was no significant difference in the depression level of the three groups before the experiment. The depression level of the subjects belonged to mild and moderate levels (the total SDS score of the control group was 50.71±5.68, the total SDS score of the experimental group was 52.09±9.31, and the total 2sds score of the experimental group was 50.35±7.72), and the depression level was in the same state before the experiment. After 12 weeks of physical exercise, the results of repeated measurement analysis of variance showed that the intra group time course factors had a significant effect on the changes of SDS total score, psychoaffective disorder, somatic disorder, psychomotor disorder and depression (P < 0.05); The interaction between sports intervention means and time course factors was significant (P < 0.05); At the same time, the results of analysis of variance of inter group effects showed that sports intervention had significant differences in the changes of SDS total score, psychoaffective state, somatic disorder, psychomotor disorder and psychological disorder of depression among the three groups (P < 0.05). Further through post hoc comparison, it was found that the total score of SDS, psycho affective state, somatic disorder Compared with the control group, psychomotor disorder and depression decreased significantly (P < 0.05), and the degree of decrease in experimental group 1 was more obvious than that in experimental group 2 (P < 0.05). Conclusions: The danger of depression has quietly approached each of us, and its harm is obvious to all. Based on the literature at home and abroad, it is found that physical exercise can prevent, slow down and treat depression. Therefore, it can be said that actively participating in physical exercise can not only promote physical health, but also protect human mental health. People with depression or who have developed depression should choose their favorite physical exercise items and keep physical exercise 3-5 times a week for 40 - 90min each time. Future research should explore the interaction between physical exercise and other health resources (such as psychological resilience, self-esteem, subjective well-being, social support, etc.) to inhibit depression, so as to make physical exercise play a better effect.
Low-frequency rTMS inhibits the anti-depressive effect of ECT. A pilot study$$$ Objective: Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the prefrontal cortex has been shown to have a statistically and clinically significant anti-depressant effect. The present pilot study was carried out to investigate if right prefrontal low-frequency rTMS as an add-on to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) accelerates the anti-depressant effect and reduces cognitive side effects. Methods: In this randomised, controlled, double-blind study, thirty-five patients with major depression were allocated to ECTþplacebo or ECTþlow-frequency right prefrontal rTMS. The severity of depression was evaluated during the course using the Hamilton scale for depression (the 17-item as well as the 6-item scale) and the major depression inventory (MDI). Furthermore, neuropsychological assessment of cognitive function was carried out. Results: The study revealed no significant difference between the two groups for any of the outcomes, but with a visible trend to lower scores for MDI after treatment in the placebo group. The negative impact of ECT on neurocognitive functions was short-lived, and scores on logical memory were significantly improved compared to baseline 4 weeks after last treatment. The ECT-rTMS group revealed generally less impairment of cognitive functions than the ECT-placebo group. Conclusion: The addition of low-frequency rTMS as an add-on to ECT treatment did not result in an accelerated response. On the contrary, the results suggest that low-frequency rTMS could inhibit the anti-depressant effect of ECT.
Effects of multisession transcranial direct current stimulation as an augmentation to cognitive tasks in patients with neurocognitive disorders in Japan: A study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Introduction Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a potentially novel strategy for cognitive enhancement in patients with disorders. We present a study protocol for a randomised controlled trial designed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of tDCS combined with cognitive tasks on cognition in such patients. Method and analysis This is a two-arm, parallel-design, randomised, sham-controlled trial, in which participants and raters will be blinded at a single centre. Stratified randomisation will be conducted, and a randomisation sequence will be generated through the Electronic Data Capture system. Patients who met the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-5 criteria for neurocognitive disorders will be recruited and randomised to receive either active (2 mA for 20 min) or sham (stimulation ramped up and down for 1 min) stimulation in 10 sessions over five consecutive days. A direct current will be transferred by a 35 cm 2 saline-soaked sponge electrode. An anode will be placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and a cathode will be placed over the right supraorbital cortex. Calculation tasks will be conducted in both arms as a cognitive task for 20 min during the stimulation. This task consists of basic arithmetic questions, such as single-digit addition, subtraction, multiplication and division. The primary outcome will be the mean change in the Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale-cognition at Day 5 after baseline. Depressive symptoms, as measured by the geriatric depression scale, and quality of life, as measured by the Medical Outcomes Study 36-item Short-Form Health Survey, will also be assessed. Data will be collected at baseline, within 3 days following the final stimulation and 1 month thereafter. The estimated sample size is 46 per group based on the assumptions that an estimated mean difference is-1.61 and SD is 2.7. Mixed models for repeated measures will be used for the statistical analysis. Ethics and dissemination The National Center of Neurology and the Psychiatry Clinical Research Review Board (CRB3180006) approved this study. The results of this study will be published in a scientific peer-reviewed journal. Trial registration details Japan Registry of Clinical Trials jRCTs032180016.
Theta-Burst Stimulation for Cognitive Enhancement in Parkinson's Disease With Mild Cognitive Impairment: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Background: Mild cognitive impairment is a common non-motor symptom of Parkinson's disease (PD-MCI) and has minimal treatment options. Objective: In this double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial, we assessed the effect of repeated sessions of intermittent theta-burst stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on cognition and brain connectivity in subjects with PD-MCI. Methods: Forty-one subjects were randomized to receive real (n = 21) or sham stimulation (n = 20). All subjects underwent neuropsychological assessments before, 1 day, and 1 month after stimulation. Subjects also underwent resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging before and 48 h after stimulation. The primary outcome was the change in the cognitive domain (executive function, attention, memory, language, and visuospatial abilities) z-scores across time. Results: There was an insignificant effect on cognitive domain z-scores across time when comparing real with sham stimulation and correcting for multiple comparisons across cognitive domains (p > 0.05 Bonferroni correction). However, the real stimulation group demonstrated a trend toward improved executive functioning scores at the 1-month follow-up compared with sham (p < 0.05 uncorrected). After real stimulation, the connectivity of the stimulation site showed decreased connectivity to the left caudate head. There was no change in connectivity within or between the stimulation network (a network of cortical regions connected to the stimulation site) and the striatal network. However, higher baseline connectivity between the stimulation network and the striatal network was associated with improved executive function scores at 1 month. Conclusions: These results suggest that intermittent theta-burst stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in subjects with PD-MCI has minimal effect on cognition compared with sham, although there were trends toward improved executive function. This intervention may be more effective in subjects with higher baseline connectivity between the stimulation network and the striatal network. This trial supports further investigation focusing on executive function and incorporating connectivity-based targeting. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT03243214.
Effect of magnetic stimulation of Shenmen point on cognitive function of chronic insomnia: A randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Background:Chronic insomnia (CI) can lead to cognitive dysfunction and bring great pain to patients' life. There is no effective intervention for cognitive dysfunction caused by CI. Shenmen (HT7) is the first choice for insomnia treatment. However, the effect and mechanism of this acupoint on cognitive function after insomnia is not clear. Therefore, the purpose of this study is to explore whether magnetic stimulation of HT7 can improve cognitive impairment of CI by regulating prefrontal lobe and its mechanism.Methods/Design:This is a randomized controlled clinical trial. Seventy-two subjects aged 18 to 65 years old with primary insomnia and more than 3 months were randomly divided into 2 groups according to the ratio of 1:1, and 36 healthy controls were included. The control group was given sleep hygiene and cognitive therapy in behavioral cognitive therapy technology, while the experimental group was given the behavioral cognitive therapy technology intervention and magnetic stimulation of HT7 acupoint for 30 times (2 times / d, 5 times / wk for 20 days), while the healthy control group had no intervention measures. Before treatment and 20 days after treatment, we evaluated the working memory (1-back test), episodic memory (Complex Figure Test), and problem-solving ability (Hanoi tower test) processed by prefrontal lobe to explore the effect of magnetic stimulation on cognitive function of CI and its possible mechanism. At the same time, insomnia severity index was used to evaluate sleep state, Becker depression scale was used to evaluate depression, and Beck anxiety scale was used to evaluate anxiety. Chi-squared test or rank sum test was used to collect the data of patients. If P value is less than or equal to.05, the difference will be considered statistically significant.Conclusion:This study explored the effect and mechanism of magnetic stimulation of Shenmen (HT7) on cognitive function of CI, and confirmed that magnetic stimulation of HT7 can be used as an alternative therapy to improve cognitive impairment of CI.
Comparison of the effects of intravenous propofol and inhalational desflurane on the quality of early recovery after hand-assisted laparoscopic donor nephrectomy: A prospective, randomised controlled trial$$$ Objectives We compared early recovery outcomes between living kidney donors who received total intravenous (IV) propofol versus inhalational desflurane during hand-assisted laparoscopic nephrectomy. Design A single-centre, prospective randomised controlled trial. Setting University hospital. Participants Study participants were enrolled between October 2019 and February 2020. A total of 80 living donors were randomly assigned to an intravenous propofol group (n=40) or a desflurane group (n=40). Intervention Propofol group received intravenous propofol and desflurane group received desflurane, as a maintenance anaesthetic. Primary and secondary outcome measures The quality of postoperative functional recovery was primarily assessed using the Korean version of the Quality of Recovery-40 (QoR-40K) questionnaire on postoperative day 1. Secondarily, ambulation, pain score, rescue analgesics, complications and total hospital stay were assessed postoperatively. Results Our study population included 35 males and 45 females. The mean age was 46±13 years. The global QoR-40K score (161 (154-173) vs 152 (136-161) points, respectively, p=0.001) and all five subdimension scores (physical comfort, 49 (45-53) vs 45 (42-48) points, respectively, p=0.003; emotional state, 39 (37-41) vs 37 (33-41) points, respectively, p=0.005; psychological support, 30 (26-34) vs 28 (26-32) points, respectively, p=0.04; physical independence, 16 (11-18) vs 12 (8-14) points, respectively, p=0.004; and pain, 31 (28-33) vs 29 (25-31) points, respectively, p=0.021) were significantly higher in the intravenous propofol group than the desflurane group. The early ambulation success rate and numbers of early and total steps were higher, but the incidence of nausea/vomiting was lower, in the intravenous propofol group than the desflurane group. The total hospital stay after surgery was shorter in the intravenous propofol group than the desflurane group. Conclusions Intravenous propofol may enhance the quality of postoperative recovery in comparison to desflurane in living kidney donors. Trial registration number KCT0004365.
The Importance of Individual Beliefs in Assessing Treatment Efficacy: Insights from Neurostimulation Studies$$$ In recent years, there has been debate about the effectiveness of treatments from different fields, such as neurostimulation, neurofeedback, brain training, and pharmacotherapy. This debate has been fuelled by contradictory and nuanced experimental findings. Notably, the effectiveness of a given treatment is commonly evaluated by comparing the effect of the active treatment versus the placebo on human health and/or behaviour. However, this approach neglects the individual’s subjective experience of the type of treatment s/he received in establishing treatment efficacy. Here, we show that individual differences in subjective treatment—the thought of receiving the active or placebo condition during an experiment—can explain variability in outcomes better than the actual treatment. We analysed four independent datasets (N=387 participants), including clinical patients and healthy adults from different age groups who were exposed to different neurostimulation treatments (transcranial magnetic stimulation: Study 1 & 2; transcranial direct current stimulation: Study 3 & 4). Our findings show that the inclusion of subjective treatment can provide a better model fit, either alone or in interaction with objective treatment (defined as the condition to which participants are assigned in the experiment). These results demonstrate the significant contribution of subjective experience in explaining the variability of clinical, cognitive and behavioural outcomes. We advocate for existing and future studies in clinical and non-clinical research to start accounting for participants’ subjective beliefs and their interplay with objective treatment when assessing the efficacy of treatments. This approach will be crucial in providing a more accurate estimation of the treatment effect and its source, allowing the development of effective and reproducible interventions.
Bipolar disorders$$$ Bipolar disorders are a complex group of severe and chronic disorders that includes bipolar I disorder, defined by the presence of a syndromal, manic episode, and bipolar II disorder, defined by the presence of a syndromal, hypomanic episode and a major depressive episode. Bipolar disorders substantially reduce psychosocial functioning and are associated with a loss of approximately 10–20 potential years of life. The mortality gap between populations with bipolar disorders and the general population is principally a result of excess deaths from cardiovascular disease and suicide. Bipolar disorder has a high heritability (approximately 70%). Bipolar disorders share genetic risk alleles with other mental and medical disorders. Bipolar I has a closer genetic association with schizophrenia relative to bipolar II, which has a closer genetic association with major depressive disorder. Although the pathogenesis of bipolar disorders is unknown, implicated processes include disturbances in neuronal-glial plasticity, monoaminergic signalling, inflammatory homoeostasis, cellular metabolic pathways, and mitochondrial function. The high prevalence of childhood maltreatment in people with bipolar disorders and the association between childhood maltreatment and a more complex presentation of bipolar disorder (eg, one including suicidality) highlight the role of adverse environmental exposures on the presentation of bipolar disorders. Although mania defines bipolar I disorder, depressive episodes and symptoms dominate the longitudinal course of, and disproportionately account for morbidity and mortality in, bipolar disorders. Lithium is the gold standard mood-stabilising agent for the treatment of people with bipolar disorders, and has antimanic, antidepressant, and anti-suicide effects. Although antipsychotics are effective in treating mania, few antipsychotics have proven to be effective in bipolar depression. Divalproex and carbamazepine are effective in the treatment of acute mania and lamotrigine is effective at treating and preventing bipolar depression. Antidepressants are widely prescribed for bipolar disorders despite a paucity of compelling evidence for their short-term or long-term efficacy. Moreover, antidepressant prescription in bipolar disorder is associated, in many cases, with mood destabilisation, especially during maintenance treatment. Unfortunately, effective pharmacological treatments for bipolar disorders are not universally available, particularly in low-income and middle-income countries. Targeting medical and psychiatric comorbidity, integrating adjunctive psychosocial treatments, and involving caregivers have been shown to improve health outcomes for people with bipolar disorders. The aim of this Seminar, which is intended mainly for primary care physicians, is to provide an overview of diagnostic, pathogenetic, and treatment considerations in bipolar disorders. Towards the foregoing aim, we review and synthesise evidence on the epidemiology, mechanisms, screening, and treatment of bipolar disorders.
The Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Anxiety in Patients With Moderate to Severe Traumatic Brain Injury: A Post-hoc Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is one of the leading causes of neuropsychiatric disorders in young adults. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to improve psychiatric symptoms in other neurologic disorders, such as focal epilepsy, Parkinson's disease, and fibromyalgia. However, the efficacy of rTMS as a treatment for anxiety in persons with TBI has never been investigated. This exploratory post-hoc analyzes the effects of rTMS on anxiety, depression and executive function in participants with moderate to severe chronic TBI. Methods: Thirty-six participants with moderate to severe TBI and anxiety symptoms were randomly assigned to an active or sham rTMS condition in a 1:1 ratio. A 10-session protocol was used with 10-Hz rTMS stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for 20 min each session, a total of 2,000 pulses were applied at each daily session (40 stimuli/train, 50 trains). Anxiety symptoms; depression and executive function were analyzed at baseline, after the last rTMS session, and 90 days post intervention. Results: Twenty-seven participants completed the entire protocol and were included in the post-hoc analysis. Statistical analysis showed no interaction of group and time (p > 0.05) on anxiety scores. Both groups improved depressive and executive functions over time, without time and group interaction (ps < 0.05). No adverse effects were reported in either intervention group. Conclusion: rTMS did not improve anxiety symptoms following high frequency rTMS in persons with moderate to severe TBI. Clinical Trial Registration: www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier: NCT02167971.
The role of left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in episodic migraine prophylaxis$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to examine the prophylactic role of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the frequency, and severity of migraine attacks in episodic migraineurs who failed medical treatment. Methods: A randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled study was designed to assess the effect of 5 Hz rTMS applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) in 33 migraineurs. Patients were followed up for 1 month before receiving rTMS, and for another month after the sessions by a headache diary. The primary outcome measure was the achievement of 50% reduction in the number of migraine attacks. Secondary outcome measures included migraine days, assessment of migraine attack severity, disability by HIT-6, and side-effects to the procedure. Results: The study revealed that 69.2% of the active treatment group achieved 50% or more reduction in the number of migraine attacks versus 25% of cases in the control group (p = 0.02). The absolute number of migraine attacks was reduced by 3.1 vs 1.5 in the active and control group, respectively. The number of cases with severe HIT-6 scores was reduced by 46.2% in active treatment group versus a 7.1% reduction in the control group (p = 0.02). Conclusion: High-frequency rTMS applied to LDLPFC can reduce the number of migraine attacks by 50% or more in almost 70% of a sample of episodic migraineurs with a concomitant decrease in functional disability. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, Identifier: NCT04031781. Registered 23 July 2019—retrospectively registered at https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04031781?term=Migraine+Prophylaxis&recrs=ce&type=Intr&cond=Migraine&rank=9.
The effects of vagus nerve stimulation on the course and outcomes of patients with bipolar disorder in a treatment-resistant depressive episode: a 5-year prospective registry$$$ Background: To compare illness characteristics, treatment history, response and durability, and suicidality scores over a 5-year period in patients with treatment-resistant bipolar depression participating in a prospective, multicenter, open-label registry and receiving Vagus Nerve Stimulation Therapy (VNS Therapy) plus treatment-as-usual (VNS + TAU) or TAU alone. Methods: Response was defined as ≥ 50% decrease from baseline Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) total score at 3, 6, 9, or 12 months post-baseline. Response was retained while MADRS score remained ≥ 40% lower than baseline. Time-to-events was estimated using Kaplan–Meier (KM) analysis and compared using log-rank test. Suicidality was assessed using the MADRS Item 10 score. Results: At baseline (entry into registry), the VNS + TAU group (N = 97) had more episodes of depression, psychiatric hospitalizations, lifetime suicide attempts and higher suicidality score, more severe symptoms (based on MADRS and other scales), and higher rate of prior electroconvulsive therapy than TAU group (N = 59). Lifetime use of medications was similar between the groups (a mean of 9) and was consistent with the severe treatment-resistant nature of their depression. Over 5 years, 63% (61/97) in VNS + TAU had an initial response compared with 39% (23/59) in TAU. The time-to-initial response was significantly quicker for VNS + TAU than for TAU (p < 0.03). Among responders in the first year after implant, the KM estimate of the median time-to-relapse from initial response was 15.2 vs 7.6 months for VNS + TAU compared with TAU (difference was not statistically significant). The mean reduction in suicidality score across the study visits was significantly greater in the VNS + TAU than in the TAU group (p < 0.001). Conclusions: The patients who received VNS + TAU included in this analysis had severe bipolar depression that had proved extremely difficult to treat. The TAU comparator group were similar though had slightly less severe illnesses on some measures and had less history of suicide attempts. Treatment with VNS + TAU was associated with a higher likelihood of attaining a response compared to TAU alone. VNS + TAU was also associated with a significantly greater mean reduction in suicidality. Limitations: In this registry study, participants were not randomized to the study treatment group, VNS Therapy stimulation parameters were not controlled, and there was a high attrition rate over 5 years. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov NCT00320372. Registered 3 May 2006, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT00320372 (retrospectively registered).
Cognitive improvement effects of electroacupuncture combined with computer-based cognitive rehabilitation in patients with mild cognitive impairment: A randomized controlled trial$$$ This outcome assessor-blinded, randomized controlled clinical trial investigated the effects of electroacupuncture combined with computer-based cognitive rehabilitation (EA-CCR) on mild cognitive impairment (MCI). A per-protocol analysis was employed to compare the efficacy of EA-CCR to that of computer-based cognitive rehabilitation (CCR). Thirty-two patients with MCI completed the trial (EA-CCR group, 16; CCR group, 16). Patients received EA-CCR or CCR treatment once daily three days per week for eight weeks. Outcome (primary, ADAS-K-cog; secondary, MoCA-K, CES-D, K-ADL, K-IADL, and EQ-5D-5L) measurements were performed at baseline (week 0), at the end of the intervention (week 8), and at 12 weeks after completion of the intervention (week 20). Both groups showed significant changes in ADAS-K-cog score (EA-CCR, p < 0.001; CCR, p < 0.001) and MoCA-K (EA-CCR, p < 0.001; CCR, p < 0.001). Only the EA-CCR group had a significant change in CES-D (p = 0.024). No significant differences in outcomes and in the results of a subanalysis based on age were noted between the groups. These results indicate that EA-CCR and CCR have beneficial effects on improving cognitive function in patients with MCI. However, electroacupuncture in EA-CCR showed no positive add-on effects on improving cognitive function, depression, activities of daily living, and quality of life in patients with MCI.
Double-blinded randomized pilot clinical trial comparing cognitive side effects of standard ultra-brief right unilateral ect to 0.5 a low amplitude seizure therapy (lap-st)$$$ Background: Concerns over cognitive side effects (CSE) of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) still limit its broader usage for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). The objectives of this study were to (1) examine the CSE of Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST) at 0.5 A compared to Ultra-brief Right Unilateral (UB-RUL) ECT using Time to Reorientation (TRO) as the main acute primary outcome, and (2) to compare effects on depressive symptoms between the two treatment groups. Methods: Participants were referred for ECT, consented for the study, and were randomized to a course of LAP-ST or standard UB-RUL ECT. TRO and depression were measured by the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Results: Eleven patients consented. Of these, eight with a current major depressive episode (MDE) of unipolar or bipolar disorders were randomized. TRO was faster for the LAP-ST (mean = 6.8 min; SE = 4.9) than standard RUL ECT (mean = 15.5 min; SE = 6.5). Depression improved similarly in the two arms of the study from baseline (MADRS: LAP-ST = 41.0; SE = 2.0, RUL = 39.0; SE = 3.8) to endpoint (MADRS score: LAP-ST = 8.0; SE7.2, RUL = 9.5; SE = 3.8). Conclusions: This pilot, randomized and blinded clinical trial, suggests that the LAP-ST (at 0.5 A) has faster reorientation and possibly lower CSE compared to standard RUL-UB ECT. Caution is advised in interpreting these results due to the small sample size of this pilot study. Thus, future studies with similar design are warranted for replicating these findings.
Protocol for transcranial direct current stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a debilitating disorder with an approximate lifetime prevalence of 1–3%. Despite advances in leading treatment modalities, including pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy, some cases remain treatment resistant. Non-invasive brain stimulation has been explored in this treatment-resistant population with some promising findings; however, a lack of methodological rigor has reduced the quality of the findings. The current paper presents the protocol for conducting research into the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of OCD. A double-blind randomised controlled trial (RCT) will be conducted involving active tDCS vs. sham tDCS on 40 general OCD patients. The intervention consists of 2 mA anodal stimulation over the pre-supplementary motor area (pre-SMA) with the cathode positioned over the orbitofrontal cortex (OFC). Participants will receive 10 sessions of 20 min of either sham-or active-tDCS over 4 weeks. Outcomes will be categorical and dimensional measures of OCD, as well as related secondary clinical measures (depression, anxiety, quality of life), and neurocognitive functions (inhibitory control, cognitive flexibility).
Parcel-guided rTMS for depression$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an approved intervention for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), but current targeting approaches are only partially successful. Our objectives were (1) to examine the feasibility of MRI-guided TMS in the clinical setting using a recently published surface-based, multimodal parcellation in patients with TRD who failed standard TMS (sdTMS); (2) to examine the neurobiological mechanisms and clinical outcomes underlying MRI-guided TMS compared to that of sdTMS. We used parcel-guided TMS (pgTMS) to target the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex parcel 46. Resting-state functional connectivity (rsfc) was assessed between parcel 46 and predefined nodes within the default mode and visual networks, following both pgTMS and sdTMS. All patients (n = 10) who had previously failed sdTMS responded to pgTMS. Alterations in rsfc between frontal, default mode, and visual networks differed significantly over time between groups. Improvements in symptoms correlated with alterations in rsfc within each treatment group. The outcome of our study supports the feasibility of pgTMS within the clinical setting. Future prospective, double-blind studies of pgTMS vs. sdTMS appear warranted.
Effectiveness and Safety of Ketamine for Unipolar Depression: a Systematic Review$$$ Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is a common psychiatric disorder with major implications for healthcare system and socioeconomic burden. For chronic and treatment-resistant depression, Ketamine has emerged as a possible treatment option. This systematic review explores the evidence for the effectiveness and tolerability of Ketamine in patients with MDD. This systematic review was conducted following the guidelines of Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) checklist. Eight electronic databases were searched by using search terms: (ketamine) AND (trial OR RCT OR clinical-trial) AND (depressive OR depression OR “depressive-disorder”). After a rigorous screening process against the predetermined eligibility criteria, 35 randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. Quality assessment of included studies was done by using the Cochrane risk-of-bias tool for RCTs. Thirty-five RCTs are included in this review article with majority of studies from United States, Iran, and China. Intravenous (IV) Ketamine was effective in 70% (21/30) of the included studies whereas oral and Intranasal (IN) Ketamine were effective in two and three studies, respectively. The majority of studies (6/8) using Ketamine as anesthetic agent during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) failed to show an improvement compared to the participants receiving ECT and placebo. The most common reported side effects were nausea, vomiting, dizziness, diplopia, drowsiness, dysphoria, hallucinations, and confusion. Ketamine is an effective treatment option for patients with MDD with undesirable effects when administered via oral, IV and IN routes. Ketamine agumentation of ECT requires further exploration in well-designed studies with adequate sample size. The short-lived antidepressant effect of Ketamine is a potential limitation, therefore, further studies administering multiple infusions for acute treatment and maintenance are necessary.
A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomized Sham-Controlled Trials of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Bipolar Disorder$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective in treating unipolar depression. However, the efficacy of rTMS in bipolar disorder (BD) is unclear. This meta-analysis aimed to examine the efficacy and tolerability of rTMS for both depressive and manic phases in BD. Methods: MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, CENTRAL databases were searched for controlled trials on treatment of BD with rTMS. Primary outcomes included changes in depression or mania scores, response and remission rates. Secondary outcomes included quality of life and functioning assessment. We used random-effects model, Hedge’s g, risk differences (RDs) and the number needed to treat (NNT). Results: Eleven randomized sham-controlled studies were included, with a total of 345 patients with BD (bipolar depression = 257, mania = 86, mixed affective = 2). Trials of rTMS in bipolar depression (N = 8) demonstrated small but significant improvement in depression scores [standardized mean difference = 0.302, p < 0.05], compared to control group. Furthermore, rTMS brought a higher remission rate than sham-controls [RD = 0.104 ± 0.044, p < 0.05, NNT = 10; and a trend of greater response rate [RD = 0.074 ± 0.039, p = 0.06]. Results were inconclusive for effect of rTMS in mania. In both depressive and manic groups, no serious adverse events were reported. Risk of treatment-emergent mania appeared low. Limitations: There was limited number of eligible primary studies, with variable randomization procedures. Conclusion: rTMS appears safe and effective in treating bipolar depression. More stringent RCTs are necessary for concrete conclusion about efficacy in mania.
The management of subacute and chronic vascular aphasia: an updated review$$$ Background: Post-stroke aphasia (PSA) is an impairment of the generation or comprehension of language due to acute cerebrovascular lesions. Subacute phase span the 7th day to 24 weeks post-onset while > 6 months is termed chronic phase. Language recovery does not arise immediately in chronic PSA, unlike the acute phase. The majority of the treatment modalities in these two PSA phases are still in the infancy stage, facing dilemmas and considered experimental requiring constant updates. Hence, we aimed to upgrade the existing literature regarding available PSA management options, advances, and drawbacks pertaining to subacute and chronic phases. Main text: In this review, we analyzed the management options for subacute and chronic vascular aphasia. MEDLINE, through PubMed, ScienceDirect, and Google Scholar were explored for English studies by utilizing the terms “stroke aphasia” Plus “vascular aphasia”; 160,753 articles were retrieved. The latest studies, published from 2016 to July 2020, were selected. Article headings and abstracts were analyzed for relevance and filtered; eventually, 92 articles were included in this review. Various management options were extracted as follows: noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS), technology-based therapies, speech-language therapy (SLT), pharmacotherapy, music-based therapies, and psychosocial interventions. Conclusion: The PSA therapy evolves towards more intense SLT therapy, yet the optimal dosage of the emerging high-intensity therapies is controversial. As spinal and cerebellar NIBS, Telespeech, and E-mental health mark PSA's future, distinct pharmacological options remain a dilemma. Across the continuum of care, PSA–depression comorbidity and inadequate PSA post-discharge education to patient’s families are the significant therapeutic challenges. Future therapeutic mechanisms, optimal dose/timing, and tolerability/safety exploration are obliged.
Management of Chronic Migraine in Children and Adolescents: A Brief Discussion on Preventive Therapies$$$ Pediatric migraine is a debilitating disease that affects about 10% of school-aged children. Like other pain disorders, migraines can be accompanied with sleep, mood, and cognitive difficulties, leading to interruptions in daily tasks required at both school and home. This paper serves as a review of the most current pharmacological treatments available for managing migraine in the pediatric population. Because the management of migraine is complex, we discuss the importance of multidisciplinary care involving pharmacological and non-pharmacological measures, behavioral modifications, and a shared treatment plan between the clinician, patient, and parent/care giver. A diverse group of medications are used to prevent migraine attacks including antiepileptics, antidepressants, antihistamines, and antihypertensive agents, in addition to newer classes of medications; yet there remains a serious lack of controlled studies in the pediatric population. Further clinical research is necessary to have Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved medications readily available for migraine sufferers.
Predictors of changes after reasoning training in healthy adults$$$ Objectives: To investigate predictors of performance changes and their time course in healthy older adults. Design: A post hoc analysis of a RCT investigating the effect of reasoning cognitive training (ReaCT) compared to an active control group (CG) during a time course. Setting and participants: An online, home-based RCT including n = 4,310 healthy participants (ReaCT: n = 2,557; CG: n = 1,753) aged 50 years and older. Methods: Multiple regression analyses were conducted to investigate predictors (age, sex, education, severity of depression, number of training sessions the participants attended, and neuropsychological baseline values) of the outcome measures grammatical reasoning, working memory, digit vigilance, verbal short-term memory, and verbal learning at 6 weeks, 3, and 6 months. Results: Being female and lower education predicted improvements in grammatical reasoning scores at 6 weeks and 3 months of training. Conclusion and implication: Identifying predictors for nonpharmacological interventions may help to set up a personalized medicine approach in order to prevent cognitive decline in healthy older adults.
Pain Management in Burn Patients$$$ Purpose of Review: This review focuses on the characteristics of pain following burn injury, methods of assessment, multimodal pharmacological treatment, and non-pharmacological adjuncts. Recent Findings: Opioid medications are the cornerstone of burn pain management protocols. Given the current opioid epidemic, current research focuses on other analgesic, anxiolytic, and sedative medications including gabapentin, ketamine, and dexmedetomidine. Non-pharmacological interventions discussed include music, massage, and more recently virtual reality and hypnosis. Further study addresses psychosocial contributions to the pain experience and associated symptoms of anxiety, sleep disturbance, and pruritus. Summary: Optimization of burn pain management requires a holistic approach and development of protocols utilizing multimodal pharmacological therapy as well as adjunctive non-pharmacological therapies. Many barriers to improved pain control exist, including inadequate education and provider bias. There is a growing need for the incorporation of mental health professionals and pain management specialists into multidisciplinary care teams.
Clinical outcomes in a large registry of patients with major depressive disorder treated with Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Background: Randomized clinical trials have demonstrated that Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is an effective treatment for episodes of major depressive disorder (MDD). However, characterization of outcomes in routine clinical practice is needed, as well as identification of patient- and treatment-related outcome predictors. This study documented patient-rated (PHQ-9) and clinician-rated (CGI-S) clinical outcomes in the NeuroStar® Advanced Therapy System Clinical Outcomes Registry. Methods: Registry data were collected at 103 practice sites. Of 7759 participants, 5010 patients were included in an intent-to-treat (ITT) sample, defined as a primary MDD diagnosis, age ≥ 18, and completion of the PHQ-9 before TMS and with at least one PHQ-9 assessment after baseline. Completers (N = 3,814) were responders or had received ≥ 20 sessions and had an end of acute treatment PHQ-9 assessment. CGI-S ratings were obtained in smaller samples. Results: In the total ITT and Completer samples, response (58–83%) and remission (28–62%) rates were notably high across self-report and clinician-administered assessments. Female patients and those treated with a larger number of pulses per session had superior clinical outcomes. Limitations: Site participation in the registry was voluntary and treatment was open label. Conclusions: The extent of clinical benefit reported by patients and clinicians following TMS in routine practice compares favorably with alternative interventions for treatment-resistant depression. Strong efficacy and the low side effect and medical risk profile suggest that TMS be evaluated as a first-line treatment for MDD. The findings derive from the largest registry of clinical outcomes in MDD for any treatment.
The 2020 Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists clinical practice guidelines for mood disorders: Major depression summary$$$ Objectives: To provide a succinct, clinically useful summary of the management of major depression, based on the 2020 Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists clinical practice guidelines for mood disorders (MDcpg2020). Methods: To develop the MDcpg2020, the mood disorders committee conducted an extensive review of the available literature to develop evidence-based recommendations (EBR) based on National Health and Medical Research Council (NHMRC) guidelines. In the MDcpg2020, these recommendations sit alongside consensus-based recommendations (CBR) that were derived from extensive deliberations of the mood disorders committee, drawing on their expertise and clinical experience. This guideline summary is an abridged version that focuses on major depression. In collaboration with international experts in the field, it synthesises the key recommendations made in relation to the diagnosis and management of major depression. Results: The depression summary provides a systematic approach to diagnosis, and a logical clinical framework for management. The latter begins with Actions, which include important strategies that should be implemented from the outset. These include lifestyle changes, psychoeducation and psychological interventions. The summary advocates the use of antidepressants in the management of depression as Choices and nominates seven medications that can be trialled as clinically indicated before moving to Alternatives for managing depression. Subsequent strategies regarding Medication include Increasing Dose, Augmenting and Switching (MIDAS). The summary also recommends the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and discusses how to approach non-response. Conclusions: The major depression summary provides up to date guidance regarding the management of major depressive disorder, as set out in the MDcpg2020. The recommendations are informed by research evidence in conjunction with clinical expertise and experience. The summary is intended for use by psychiatrists, psychologists and primary care physicians, but will be of interest to all clinicians and carers involved in the management of patients with depressive disorders.
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation along with a hypocaloric diet on weight loss in excessive weight people: A pilot randomized clinical trial$$$ Background & aims: The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex plays an important role in the desire to eat and food intake regulation and may be a target for transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to promote weight loss. Our aim was to test the effect of repeated, active tDCS along with a hypocaloric diet (HD) on weight loss in overweight adults. Methods: This was a randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind pilot study conducted in Porto Alegre, Brazil. Twenty-eight overweight adults were selected to receive 4-week (20 sessions, t0 to t20; 5 weekdays) fixed-dose tDCS along with an HD. Subjects were randomly assigned to active (AG) or sham (SG) tDCS groups. The primary outcome was weight loss as determined via body weight measurements at baseline (t0), weekly (t5, t10, t15, and t20), and after the intervention (tF). A visual analogue scale was used to assess desire to eat at t0 and at tF. Registered under ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier no. NCT02683902. Results: Although there was a greater weight loss in the AG (mean −4.5 kg [95%CI: −9.4, 0.5]) than in the SG (−2.3 kg [−5.0, 0.3]), this difference was not statistically significant. However, the AG showed a significant reduction in the desire for sweet foods (P = 0.005). Conclusions: Although this pilot study did not show that repeated tDCS is able to optimize weight loss, it was able to reduce the desire to eat sweet foods. These findings suggest that a protocol with a larger sample size could determine whether tDCS may be an adjunctive treatment of obesity.
Metacognitive therapy for bipolar II disorder: A single case series study$$$ Background: Bipolar Disorder (BD) is a severe mental disease with a considerable reduction in life quality and high mortality. Self-management interventions and Cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) are the most widely investigated psychological treatments for BD. However, recovery rates are low and only small to moderate effect sizes have been found. Metacognitive therapy is a relatively new treatment for mental disorders based on Wells and Matthews’ transdiagnostic model of emotional disorder – the Self-Regulatory Executive Function (S-REF). Method: MCT was delivered to three Danes with a diagnosis of BD ascertained using the SCID (Structured Clinical Interview for DSM). An A–B design with Multiple baseline measures was conducted and the effects associated with treatment was examined at post-treatment and follow-up and 6 and 12 months. The primary outcome was Beck's Depression Inventory II (BDI-II), rumination time and change in metacognitive beliefs were also assessed using the Cognitive Attentional Syndrome Scale (CAS 1). Results/conclusion: The results demonstrated improvements in depressive symptoms, rumination time and metacognitive beliefs after 7–12 sessions of MCT. Two out of three patients needed 1–3 booster sessions after approximately six months follow-up. However, the effects persisted at 12- months follow-up and all patients were recovered and did not meet the BD diagnosis according to the SCID. Limitations to the findings include the small number of participants and a decreasing baseline score in two of the participants. Nevertheless, it appears that metacognitive therapy is a feasible treatment for BD that might have potential positive effects. Larger studies and randomized controlled trials are now needed to investigate this further.
Efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for peripartum depression: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ This study aims to summarize and systematically review the efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for women with peripartum depression (PPD). Several databases (Wanfang, CNKI, VIP, CBM, PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, PsyINFO, Web of Science, and Clinical trial) were searched from inception until April 12, 2020. In total, ten randomized controlled trials (RCTs) met the eligibility criteria and were included in this systematic review. We calculated the combined effect size (standardized mean difference [SMD] and odds ratio [OR]) for the corresponding effects models. The aggregated result of 10 trials indicated a significant benefit of rTMS on PPD, and the aggregated result of remission showed significantly positive effects of Test group VS. Control group. In terms of treatment adverse effects, the aggregated result showed no statistical significance of headache and dry mouth between the two groups. The results of the meta-analysis suggest that rTMS is an effective and safe intervention for PPD. Owing to poor methodological quality among the included studies, high-quality multicenter RCTs are needed to further verify the effects of this treatment.
Good, better, best: Clinical scenarios for the use of L-methylfolate in patients with MDD$$$ Depression is among the most prevalent mental disorders worldwide, and a substantial proportion of patients do not respond adequately to standard antidepressants. Our understanding of the pathophysiology of depression is no longer limited to the chemical imbalance of neurotransmitters, but also involves the interplay of proinflammatory modulators in the central nervous system, as well as folate metabolism. Additional factors such as stress and metabolic disorders also may contribute. Multiple inflammatory, metabolic, and genetic markers have been identified and may provide critical information to help clinicians individualize treatments for patients to achieve optimal outcomes. Recent advancements in research have clarified underlying causes of depression and have led to possible new avenues for adjunctive treatment. Among these is L-methylfolate, a medical food that is thought to enhance synthesis of monoamines (serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine), suppress inflammation, and promote neural health. Clinical studies that assessed supplemental use of L-methylfolate in patients with usual care-resistant depression found that it resulted in improved outcomes. Patients with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor-resistant depression, and particularly subgroups with biomarkers of inflammation or metabolic disorders or folate metabolism-related genetic polymorphisms (or ≥2 of these factors), had the best responses. Considering this, the goals of this review are to 1) highlight recent advances in the pathophysiology of major depressive disorder as it pertains to folate and associated biomarkers and 2) establish the profiles of patients with depression who could benefit most from supplemental use of L-methylfolate.
The effect of pulse width on subjective memory impairment and remission rate 6 months after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objectives The aim of this study was to compare the 0.5-millisecond pulse width with broader brief width stimulus and ultrabrief pulse width stimulus in respect to rates of subjective memory impairment and remission 6 months after completion of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods This study used data from the Swedish National Quality Register for ECT. Inclusion criteria were bipolar or unipolar depression with or without psychosis, ECT with unilateral electrode placement, and data on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale - Self-Assessment and the memory item of the Comprehensive Psychopathological Rating Scale (CPRS-M) before and 6 months after ECT. The primary outcomes were the distributions of patients with a maximum of 10 on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale - Self-Assessment (remission) and a minimum of 2-step worsening in CPRS-M score according to the ECT pulse widths of <0.5, 0.5, and >0.5 millisecond. Result This study included 312 patients. The distributions of patients with remission or a minimum of 2-step worsening on the CPRS-M 6 months after completion of ECT showed no significant differences between the 3 pulse width groups. Older age was associated with a significantly higher rate of remission 6 months after ECT. Conclusions In this cohort of patients, no support was found for the previous research finding of lower rates of subjective memory disturbances 6 months after ultrabrief pulse width ECT in comparison with brief pulse width ECT. Older age was associated with higher remission rate 6 months after ECT. Large randomized studies are required to exclude the possibility of long-term differential effects between pulse widths.
Electrocardiogram corrected Q-T interval predicts response to vagus nerve stimulation in depression$$$ Introduction Recent studies have revealed a possible link between heart rate variability (HRV) and major depressive disorder (MDD), with decreased HRV in MDD compared with healthy subjects. Corrected Q-T interval (QTc) has been suggested to represent an indirect estimate of HRV, as QTc length is inversely correlated to parasympathetic activity in healthy subjects. This retrospective study assessed the ability of QTc length in predicting response to vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) treatment in refractory depression. Methods We measured QTc length in 19 patients suffering from refractory depression, selected to be implanted with VNS. Correlations were calculated between baseline QTc (preimplantation) and long-term mood response. Results Nineteen patients selected for VNS surgery were included in the study. Baseline 28-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores were 28.5 ± 6.8 and decreased to 15.1 ± 9.5 at 12 months and 12.4 ± 10.4 at 24 months post-VNS. Among the 19 patients, 53% (10) were responders and 26% (5) were in remission at 12 months. Pretreatment QTc averaged 425.5 ± 22.0. Patients with longer baseline QTc displayed larger improvement, with a significant correlation between mood and QTc values after 12 months (r(18) = -0.526, P = 0.02) and also after 24 months of VNS therapy (r(17) = -0.573, P = 0.016). Conclusions The presented analysis showed that increased QTc in patients with MDD might be used as a baseline biomarker for depressive episodes that might respond preferentially to VNS. The link between cardiovagal activity in depression and response to VNS treatment requires further investigation in larger cohorts and randomized controlled trials.
Low frequency right sided and high frequency left sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression: the evidence of equivalence$$$ Background: Multiple studies comparing the efficacy of lowfrequency (1 Hz), right-sided, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (LFR-TMS) and high-frequency (≥ 5 Hz), left-sided, transcranial magnetic stimulation (HFL-TMS) have failed to detect differences in these approaches. While the failure to detect differences in these studies using null hypothesis significance testing is insufficient to establish that LFR-TMS is as efficacious as HFL-TMS, formal equivalence testing of this same data can provide quantitative evidence for the absence of a clinically meaningful difference between these treatment protocols. This study aims to perform equivalence testing of the pooled efficacy outcomes from LFR-TMS and HFL-TMS treatments for depression. Methods: Study Selection: Randomized controlled trials of LFR-TMS and HFL-TMS for patients with major depressive episodes were identified through Pubmed following the methods described by Cao et al. (Front Psychiatry. 2018;9:413), but extending to June 21, 2020, and defining low-frequency stimulation as less than 5 Hz. Treatment response was defined as a 50% reduction in depression rating scales; remission was defined using established values on standardized rating scales. Data Analysis: Pooled odds ratios for response and remission rates were calculated using the Mantel-Haenszel fixed-effect method (R news. 2007;7:40-45.). Odds ratios were converted to effect size (Cohen's d) estimates (Stat Med. 2000;19:3127-3131.). Equivalence testing for meta-analysis was completed using the two one-sided test for meta-analysis (Soc Psychol Personal Sci. 2017;8:355-362.). The equivalence margin was set at d=0.25, following previous metaanalytic methods for equivalence testing of depression treatments (Am J Psychiatry. 2017;174:943-953). Additional analyses were performed using alternative study selection to assess the robustness of these findings. Results: Twelve randomized controlled trials were included in the analysis, with a total of 627 subjects with major depressive episodes treated with either LFR-TMS (n=320) or HFL-TMS (n=307). Forty-five percent (144/320) of subjects treated with LFR-TMS and 48% (148/307) of subjects treated with HFL-TMS were classified as responders. The pooled odds ratio was 1.12 (90% CI: 0.85-1.48), corresponding to an effect size of d = 0.064 (SE=0.09) nominally favoring HFL-TMS. Equivalence testing was significant (Z=-2.02, p=0.022), indicating evidence to reject the difference hypothesis for treatment response. A subset of six of these studies (n=431) reported remission rates in addition to response rates, with 26% (57/217) of patients randomized to LFRTMS achieving remission compared to 25% (54/214) in the HFLTMS groups. The pooled odds ratio was 0.92 (90% CI: 0.64-1.33), nominally in favor of LFR-TMS. Equivalence testing with the same margin was significant (Z=1.687, p=0.046), indicating equivalence. Additional sensitivity analyses, excluding three studies in which bipolar depression made up the majority of subjects, yielded similar results supporting equivalence for response rates (pooled OR = 1.10, 90% CI: 0.82-1.49; equivalence testing Z=-1.94, p=0.026 given margin of d=0.25) and modest results for remission rates (pooled OR = 0.87, 90% CI: 0.59-1.28; equivalence testing Z=-1.35, p=0.088). Conclusions: This study provides statistical evidence of the equivalence of LFR-TMS and HFL-TMS efficacy when used to treat major depressive episodes. If a true difference between LFR-TMS and HFL-TMS efficacy existed larger than the tested equivalency margin (d=0.25), the current findings of equivalence for response and remission rates would be unlikely (p<0.05). LFR-TMS protocols present many potential advantages over HFL-TMS, including safety, tolerability, and costs (Brain Stimul. 2020;13:1296-1297.). While low-frequency, right-sided stimulation protocols have not been studied to the same extent as HFL-TMS, the current findings of equivalent efficacy support a reappraisal of this approach for the treatment of depression.
Acute effects of electroconvulsive therapy and venlafaxine on verbal learning and memory dimensions in older adults with major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) represents one of the most significant health challenges worldwide and is a leading cause of disability. Major depression in the geriatric population is of particular interest as it can worsen functional impairment, morbidity, and mortality. Moreover, many older patients find little benefit from typical first-line antidepressant treatment strategies such as psychotropic medications and psychotherapy. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is often prescribed in such cases or for those who require expeditious treatment. We previously assessed broad neurocognitive effects of a combined regimen of ECT and venlafaxine in geriatric depression during Phase 1 of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study. While prior research and our recent findings demonstrated that ECT adversely impacts overall immediate and delayed recall of verbal information, the effects of ECT on multiple verbal learning and memory dimensions remain unclear. The purpose of this analysis was to address the limited information regarding the effects of ECT on verbal learning and memory component processes. We hypothesized that following administration of an acute course of RUL-UB ECT and venlafaxine, older adults would demonstrate changes in verbal learning and memory component processes (e.g. learning across repeated trials, semantic-cued recall). Methods: The PRIDE study was a NIMH funded, multicenter, randomized study of an individualized continuation ECT schedule combined with pharmacotherapy to enhance long-term outcomes in older adults with MDD. In Phase 1 of the study, patients received acute ECT 3x weekly combined with venlafaxine. ECT parameters were standardized as: RUL electrode placement using a Somatics Thymatron System IV with an ultrabrief pulse width of 0.25ms and current of 0.9Amps or a MECTA SPECTRUM device with an ultrabrief pulse width of 0.3ms and current of 0.8Amps. Older adults (age > 60) with MDD, based on semi-structured diagnostic interviews, were enrolled in the study. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. For the purposes of this study, the neurocognitive outcome data were collected with the 2nd edition of the California Verbal Learning Test (CVLT-II). The CVLT-II is a psychometrically sound measure of verbal learning and memory that consists of learning, recalling, and recognizing 16 words that are relatable among 4 semantic categories. Both the CVLT-II Standard and Alternate forms were used in order to minimize practice effects, with form order counterbalanced across study sites, subjects, and time points (baseline, end) via a computerized algorithm. The CVLT-II was administered at Phase 1 baseline and within 72 hours following the last ECT session (end). CVLT-II raw scores were converted intodemographic-adjusted scores using the CVLT-II scoring software. Descriptive statistics were used to characterize the demographic, neurocognitive, and clinical features of the sample. Comparisons of change from baseline to end across all variables were computed with paired t-tests. All statistical tests were two-tailed with alpha=0.05. Results: Relative to baseline following treatment with acute ECT and venlafaxine, older adults showed a statistically significant lower recall of word learning across three of the five learning trials. Specifically, word learning was lower on learning trials three (t= 2.10, p = 0.04), four (t=2.22, p = 0.03), and five (t=2.99, p = 0.003). Also, semantically-cued recall of words was significantly lower on both immediate (t=3.46p = 0.001) and delayed recall (t =2.34, p = 0.02) trials. Although statistically significant, for the study sample as a whole, the magnitude of change from baseline to end for most of verbal learning and memory variables was modest. There was no significant difference from baseline to end with regard to learning a second word list (t=-0.14, p=0.89). However, compared to initial learning of the first word list, it appears that participants recalled relatively fewer words on the second list suggesting possible proactive interference. The amount of intrusion errors remained stable from baseline to end. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first study to characterize the effects of ECT on specific verbal learning and memory dimensions in older adults with MDD. We found that acute ECT plus venlafaxine affected word learning across three of the five learning trials, which suggested that learning requiring repeated exposure or rehearsal over multiple trials may be adversely affected. Also, there was a decrease in semantically cued word recall, which suggested that participants were unable to benefit from semantic-cue strategies to recall words. These findings extend on our prior research and provide new evidence of possible mechanisms of action that ECT may acutely and transiently impact memory through its actions on learning and recall component processes. Of note, for the study sample as a whole, while some of the changes in variables were statistically significant, the degree of change was relatively modest. Future research is warranted to better understand the characteristic learning and memory processes that are most affected by ECT, to assess if these effects persist or stabilize over longer periods of time, and to elucidate the underlying mechanisms.
Long-term symptom relief in severe treatment-resistant depression using subcallosal cingulate dbs$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder affects 17% of Americans over their lifetime and confers excess risk of suicide and all-cause mortality. Electroconvulsive therapy can be effective for drugresistant patients, but relapse is common and side effects may hinder continued use. Transcranial magnetic stimulation appears more suited for moderate depression, and ketamine protocols are still in nascent stages of development. Initial open-label studies demonstrated positive results from Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) of the subcallosal cingulate region for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), but a randomized controlled trial (BROADEN) comparing active to sham DBS at 6 months was halted by the sponsor after a futility analysis. Reconciling these discrepant results requires long-term effectiveness data from larger patient cohorts. Methods: The pooled analysis combines open-label follow-up data from studies using Abbott (St. Jude Medical) DBS devices to stimulate the subcallosal cingulate region in patients with TRD: a randomized, double-blind sham-controlled multi-center trial with a 6-month primary endpoint (BROADEN, N=90), a randomized, double-blind sham-controlled crossover study at University of Toronto (N=31), an open-label study at Emory University (N=21), an open-label three-site pilot study in Canada (N=21), and a double-blind randomized trial evaluating the effect of stimulation frequency at 3 centers in Europe (N=9) . Since studies had different experimental designs in the first 6 months, results are reported from the time of stimulation activation. Based on change in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17), we report rates of response (≥50% reduction in HDRS-17) and remission (HDRS- 17 score ≤7) at 6-month intervals for up to 5 years. Results: There were 172 subjects (48±7 years, 58% female) in 5 independent studies who received subcallosal cingulate DBS for depression from 2005-2016. Length of illness averaged 26 years, including 8.1 years in the current major depressive episode. All subjects failed ≥4 adequate antidepressant trials, and 88% had previous electroconvulsive therapy. In BROADEN, subjects averaged 14 failed treatments in the current episode. Baseline HDRS- 17 for the 172 implanted subjects was 22.8±4.3 and decreased by 40% to 13.7±7.7 at 12 months and 46% to 12.2±7.2 at 24 months. At 12 months, 38% of subjects were responders, and 54% responded at 24 months. At least 50% of subjects were responders at each time point from 24 to 60 months. Remitter rate was 26% at 12 months and remained above 25% at all subsequent time points. Between 66% and 87% of the 12-month responders were responders at every subsequent follow-up visit. In 117 subjects with at least 2 years of data, 81% achieved response at least once within 5 years of follow-up and 61% experienced remission of depression symptoms. There were 3 suicides and 13 suicide attempts in a total of 523 patient-years. The event rate for suicide was 0.55 events per 100 patient-years (95% confidence interval 0.18-1.71); for suicide attempt, the rate was 2.39 (95% confidence interval 1.39-4.12). Infection classified as a serious adverse event occurred in 7 subjects, and there were no intracranial hemorrhages. Conclusions: In subjects with depressive episodes averaging 8 years duration, at least 50% achieved ≥50% reduction in symptoms at each time point from 2 to 5 years. Open-label data suggest DBS can be a safe, durable, and effective treatment for severe chronic depression, and response rates appear to improve over time.
Long-term efficacy and safety of deutetrabenazine for chorea in huntington's disease: Results fromthe ARC-HD open-label study$$$ Background: Chorea is a prominent motor dysfunction in Huntington's disease (HD). Deutetrabenazine (DTBZ), a VMAT2 inhibitor, is FDAapproved for the treatment of chorea in HD. In the pivotal, 12-week First-HD trial, DTBZ treatment reduced the Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale (UHDRS) total maximal chorea (TMC) score vs. placebo. ARC-HD, an open-label extension study, evaluated long-term safety and efficacy of DTBZ dosed in a response-driven manner for treatment of HD chorea. Methods: Patients who completed First-HD (Rollover) and patients who converted overnight from a stable dose of tetrabenazine (Switch) were included. Safety was assessed over the entire treatment period; exposureadjusted incidence rates (EAIRs; adverse events [AEs] per person-year) were calculated. A stable, posttitration time point of 8 weeks was chosen for efficacy analyses. All subjects provided consent to the study in accordance with the informed consent regulations at all involved centers. Results: Of 119 patients enrolled (Rollover, n = 82; Switch, n = 37), 100 (84%) completed ≥ 1 year of treatment (mean [SD] follow-up, 119 [48] weeks). End of study EAIRs for patients in the Rollover and Switch cohorts, respectively, were: any AE, 2.6 and 4.3; serious AEs, 0.13 and 0.14; AEs leading to dose suspension, 0.05 and 0.04. Overall, 68% and 73%of patients in Rollover and Switch, respectively, experienced a study drug-related AE. Most common AEs possibly related to study drug were somnolence (17% Rollover; 27% Switch), depression (23%; 19%), anxiety (9%; 11%), insomnia (10%; 8%), and akathisia (9%; 14%). Rates of AEs of interest include suicidality (9%; 3%) and parkinsonism (6%; 11%). In both cohorts, mean UHDRS TMC score and total motor score (TMS) decreased from baseline to Week 8; mean (SD) change in TMC score (units) was-4.4 (3.1) and-2.1 (3.3) and change in TMS was-7.1 (7.3) and-2.4 (8.7) in Rollover and Switch, respectively. While receiving stable dosing from Week 8 to 132 (or end of treatment), patients showed minimal change in the TMC score (0.9 [5.0]), but TMS increased compared to Week 8 (9.0 [11.3]). Upon drug withdrawal, there were no remarkable AEs and TMC scores increased 4.4 (3.7) units compared to the end of treatment. Conclusions: The type and severity of AEs observed in long-term DTBZ exposure are consistent with the previous study. Efficacy in reducing chorea persisted over time. There was no unexpected worsening of HD or chorea associated with HD upon DTBZ withdrawal.
Baseline predictors of cognitive change in the treatment of major depressive episode: Systematic review$$$ Background Cognitive impairment is a core feature of depression and has a negative effect on a person's functioning, in psychosocial and interpersonal areas, and on workforce performance. Cognitive impairment often persists, even with the remittance of mood symptoms. One potential way of improving treatment of cognitive impairment would be to identify variables that predict cognitive change in patients with depression. Aims To systematically examine findings from studies that investigate baseline variables and how they predict, or correlate with, cognitive change in mood disorders, and to examine methodological issues from these studies. Method Studies that directly measured associations between at least one baseline variable and change in cognitive outcome in patients with current major depressive episode were identified using PubMed and Web of Science databases. Narrative review technique was used because of the heterogeneity of patient samples, outcome measures and study procedures. The review was registered on PROSPERO with registration number CRD42020150975. Results Twenty-four studies met the inclusion criteria. Evidence from the present review for prediction of cognitive change from baseline variables was limited for demographic factors, with some preliminary evidence for depression, cognitive and biological factors. Identification of patterns across studies was difficult because of methodological variability across studies. Conclusions Findings from the present review suggest there may be some baseline variables that are useful in predicting cognitive change in mood disorders. This is an area warranting further research focus.
rTMS modulates precuneus-hippocampal subregion circuit in patients with subjective cognitive decline$$$ Hippocampal subregions (HIPsub) and their network connectivities are generally aberrant in patients with subjective cognitive decline (SCD). This study aimed to investigate whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) could ameliorate HIPsub network connectivity by modulating one node of HIPsub network in SCD. In the first cohort, the functional connectivity (FC) of three HIPsub (i.e., hippocampal emotional, cognitive, and perceptual regions: HIPe, HIPc, and HIPp) were analyzed so as to identify alterations in HIPsub connectivity associated with SCD. Afterwards, a support vector machine (SVM) approach was applied using the alterations in order to evaluate to what extent we could distinguish SCD from healthy controls (CN). In the second cohort, a 2-week rTMS course of 5-day, once-daily, was used to activate the altered HIPsub network connectivity in a sham-controlled design. SCD subjects exhibited distinct patterns alterations of HIPsub network connectivity compared to CN in the first cohort. SVM classifier indicated that the abnormalities had a high power to discriminate SCD from CN, with 92.9% area under the receiver operating characteristic curve (AUC), 86.0% accuracy, 83.8% sensitivity and 89.1% specificity. In the second cohort, changes of HIPc connectivity with the left parahippocampal gyrus and HIPp connectivity with the left middle temporal gyrus demonstrated an amelioration of episodic memory in SCD after rTMS. In addition, SCD exhibited improved episodic memory after the rTMS course. rTMS therapy could improve the posterior hippocampus connectivity by modulating the precuneus in SCD. Simultaneous correction of the breakdown in HIPc and HIPp could ameliorate episodic memory in SCD. Thus, these findings suggested that rTMS manipulation of precuneus-hippocampal circuit might prevent disease progression by improving memory as the earliest at-risk state of Alzheimer's disease in clinical trials and in practice.
Non-invasive Brain and Spinal Stimulation for Pain and Related Symptoms in Multiple Sclerosis: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: Neuropathic and nociceptive pain frequently affect patients with multiple sclerosis (MS), with a prevalence close to 90% and significant impact on general health and quality of life. Pharmacological strategies are widely used to treat pain in MS, but their effectiveness and side-effects are controversial. Among non-pharmacological treatments for pain, non-invasive brain and spinal stimulation (NIBSS) has shown promising preliminary results in MS. Objective: Systematic review to investigate the effect of NIBSS for the management of pain in MS. Methods: A literature search using Pubmed, Science Direct and Web of Science was conducted from databases inception to February 21, 2020 for studies assessing the analgesic effect of NIBSS on pain in MS. Results: A total of 279 records were title- and abstract-screened, nine were assessed for full text and included. The NIBSS techniques explored were transcranial direct current stimulation (N = 5), transcranial magnetic stimulation (N = 2), transcranial random noise stimulation (N =1), transcutaneous spinal direct current stimulation (N = 1). The targets were the primary motor cortex (M1; N = 4), the left dorsolateral pre-frontal cortex (DLPFC; N = 3), the spinal cord (N = 1), unspecified brain target (N = 1). The study designs were randomized (N = 7), open label (N = 1), single case report (N = 1). Despite the differences in study design, target and NIBSS technique that impeded a meta-analysis, all the studies converge in showing a significant improvement of pain after active NIBSS with less consistent effects on other symptoms of the pain-related cluster (depression, fatigue, cognition) and quality of life. Conclusions: Excitatory NIBSS over M1, left DLPFC and spinal cord appear to be the most effective protocols for pain in MS. Open questions include the use of neurophysiological or neuroimaging surrogate outcome measures, the stratification of patients according to the clinical profiles and underlying pathogenetic mechanisms and the combination of NIBSS to pharmacological treatment, neurorehabilitation, or psychotherapy to improve the clinical effect. The duration of the effect to NIBSS and the feasibility and efficacy of telemedicine NIBSS protocols are other open key questions.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation as an Add-on Treatment to Cognitive-Behavior Therapy in First Episode Drug-Naïve Major Depression Patients: The ESAP Study Protocol$$$ Background: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) affects more than 264 million people worldwide. Current treatments include the use of psychotherapy and/or drugs, however ~30% of patients either do not respond to these treatments, or do not tolerate the side effects associated to the use of pharmacological interventions. Thus, it is important to study non-pharmacological interventions targeting mechanisms not directly involved with the regulation of neurotransmitters. Several studies demonstrated that transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) can be effective for symptoms relief in MDD. However, tDCS seems to have a better effect when used as an add-on treatment to other interventions. Methods/Design: This is a study protocol for a parallel, randomized, triple-blind, sham-controlled clinical trial in which a total of 90 drug-naïve, first-episode MDD patients (45 per arm) will be randomized to one of two groups to receive a 6-weeks of CBT combined with either active or sham tDCS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The primary outcome will depressive symptoms improvement as assessed by the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at 6-weeks. The secondary aim is to test whether CBT combined with tDCS can engage the proposed mechanistic target of restoring the prefrontal imbalance and connectivity through the bilateral modulation of the DLPFC, as assessed by changes over resting-state and emotional task eliciting EEG. Discussion: This study evaluates the synergetic clinical effects of CBT and tDCS in the first episode, drug-naïve, patients with MDD. First episode MDD patients provide an interesting opportunity, as their brains were not changed by the pharmacological treatments, by the time course, or by the recurrence of MDD episodes (and other comorbidities). Trial Registration: This study is registered with the United States National Library of Medicine Clinical Trials Registry (NCT03548545). Registered June 7, 2018, clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03548545. Protocol Version 1.
A Randomized Sham-controlled Trial of 1-Hz and 10-Hz Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) of the Right Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Civilian Post-traumatic Stress Disorder: Un essai randomisé contrôlé simulé de stimulation magnétique transcrânienne repetitive (SMTr) de 1 Hz et 10 Hz du cortex préfrontal dorsolatéral droit dans le trouble de stress post-traumatique chez des civils$$$ Objective: Despite effective psychological and pharmacological treatments, there is a large unmet burden of illness in post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive intervention and a putative treatment strategy for PTSD. The evidence base to date suggests that rTMS targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), in particular the right DLPFC, leads to improvements in PTSD symptoms. However, optimal stimulation parameters have yet to be determined. In this study, we examine the efficacy of high- and low-frequency rTMS of the right DLPFC using a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled design in civilian PTSD. Methods: We conducted a 2-week single-site randomized sham-controlled trial of rTMS targeting the right DLPFC. We recruited civilians aged 19 to 70 with PTSD and randomized subjects with allocation concealment to daily 1-Hz rTMS, 10-Hz rTMS, or sham rTMS. The primary outcome was improvement in Clinician Administered PTSD Scale–IV (CAPS-IV). Secondary outcomes included change in depressive and anxiety symptoms. Results: We recruited 31 civilians with PTSD. One 1-Hz-treated patient developed transient suicidal ideation. Analyses revealed significant improvement in CAPS-IV symptoms in the 1-Hz group relative to sham (Hedges’ g = −1.07) but not in the 10-Hz group. This was not attributable to changes in anxious or depressive symptomatology. Ten-Hz stimulation appeared to improve depressive symptoms compared to sham. Conclusion: Low-frequency rTMS is efficacious in the treatment of civilian PTSD. Our data suggest that high-frequency rTMS of the right DLPFC is worthy of additional investigation for the treatment of depressive symptoms comorbid with PTSD.
Depression and heart failure: the lonely comorbidity$$$ Depression is a frequent and debilitating comorbidity that affects heart failure (HF) patients. Up to 30% of HF patients suffer from depression and even more have depressive symptoms. Moreover, depression carries a risk for HF, especially in high-risk groups, and is significantly associated with worse quality of life and clinical outcomes. The pathophysiology of depression and HF is poorly understood, but both diseases share several mechanisms and risk factors, including dysregulation of platelet reactivity, inflammation, neuroendocrine function, arrhythmias, high-risk behaviours, and social factors. Current HF guidelines advise to screen HF patients for depression and several screening questionnaires are available. Ultimately, the diagnosis of depression is based on DSM-5 criteria. Depression treatment consists of non-pharmacological and pharmacological therapies. Non-pharmacological therapies, such as exercise training and cognitive-behavioural therapy, have been shown to have beneficial effects on depressive symptoms. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, the mainstay of antidepressant therapy, appear to be safe in HF but have not shown superiority over placebo in HF in short- and long-term randomized clinical trials. New therapies to treat depression are under investigation and may offer the opportunity to improve depression management in HF, including N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonists, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and omega-3 supplementation. New technologies may offer several advantages for the screening and diagnosis of depression but they remain to be tested in future research. In this review, we examine the intersection of depression and HF, summarize the epidemiology and pathophysiology, and discuss new opportunities to diagnose and treat HF patients with depression.
Influence of transcranial direct current stimulation on psychomotor symptoms in major depression$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) might be a promising treatment strategy for depression. As disturbances in psychomotor activity are one of the key features of unipolar depression are, we aimed to evaluate the behavioral effects of ten tDCS sessions over a 5-day period on psychomotor retardation in depressed patients. Methods: Twenty-three treatment-resistant depressed patients received either active or sham anodal tDCS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (2 mA, 10 sessions over 1 week). Psychomotor functioning was registered by means of observer ratings (Salpêtrière Retardation Rating Scale—SRRS) and objective measures (kinematical analysis of movements, automatic imitation). Results: tDCS sessions resulted in improvements on SRRS scores, although active tDCS was not significantly superior to sham tDCS on the kinematical parameters. Furthermore, no general additional antidepressant effect of tDCS was observed. The relatively small sample size and the short periods of observation should be considered when interpreting these results. Conclusion: tDCS did not induce a clinically relevant effect on psychomotor function in active and sham stimulation groups.
Clozapine: An updated overview of pharmacogenetic biomarkers, risks, and safety—particularities in the context of COVID-19$$$ Background: clozapine (CLZ) use is precarious due to its neurological, cardiovascular, and hematological side effects; however, it is the gold standard in therapy-resistant schizophrenia (TRS) in adults and is underused. Objective: to examine the most recent CLZ data on (a) side effects concerning (b) recent pharmacological mechanisms, (c) therapy benefits, and (d) the particularities of the COVID-19 pandemic. Data sources: a search was performed in two databases (PubMed and Web of Science) using the specific keywords “clozapine” and “schizophrenia”, “side effects”, “agranulocytosis”, “TRS”, or “bipolar affective disorder (BAF)” for the last ten years. Study eligibility criteria: clinical trials on adults with acute symptoms of schizophrenia or related disorders. Results: we selected 37 studies, randomized controlled trials (RCTs), and clinical case series (CCS), centered on six main topics in the search area: (a) CLZ in schizophrenia, (b) CLZ in bipolar disorder, (c) side effects during the clozapine therapy, (d) CLZ in pregnancy, (e) CLZ in early-onset schizophrenia, and (f) CLZ therapy and COVID-19 infection. Limitations: we considered RCTs and CCS from two databases, limited to the search topics. Conclusions and implications of key findings: (a) clozapine doses should be personalized for each patient based on pharmacogenetics testing when available; the genetic vulnerability postulates predictors of adverse reactions’ severity; patients with a lower genetic risk could have less frequent hematological monitoring; (b) a CLZ-associated risk of pulmonary embolism imposes prophylactic measures for venous thromboembolism; (c) convulsive episodes are not an indication for stopping treatment; the plasma concentration of clozapine is a better side effect predictor than the dosage; (d) COVID-19 infection may enhance clozapine toxicity, generating an increased risk of pneumonia. Therapy must be continued with the proper monitoring of the white blood count, and the clozapine dose decreased by half until three days after the fever breaks; psychiatrists and healthcare providers must act together.
Antidepressant effects of ketamine and ECT: A pilot comparison$$$ Background: To compare the antidepressant effects and cognitive adverse effects of intravenous ketamine infusion and Electro-convulsive therapy (ECT) in persons with severe depressive episodes. Methods: This assessor-blinded randomized control trial included 25 patients (either sex; 18–65 years) meeting ICD-10 criteria for severe depression (bipolar or unipolar). Patients received either ECT (n = 13) or intravenous infusions of ketamine hydrochloride (0.5 mg/kg over 45 min; n = 12) for six alternate day sessions over a period of two weeks. Severity of depression was assessed at baseline and on every alternate day of intervention using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and self-reported Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: Baseline socio-demographic and clinical variables including HDRS (ECT: 25.15±6.58; Ketamine: 23.33±4.05, p = 0.418) and BDI (ECT: 37.07±6.58; Ketamine: 33.33±9.29; p = 0.254) were comparable. Repeated-measures analysis of variance revealed that ECT patients showed significantly greater reduction in HDRS (group*time interaction effect; F = 4.79; p<0.001) and BDI scores (group*time interaction effect; F = 3.83; p<0.01). ECT patients had higher response rate than ketamine patients [HDRS: ECT- 13/13(100%) vs ketamine- 8/12 (66.70%); p = 0.04]. This was true for remission as well [ECT- 12/13(92.30%) vs ketamine- 6/12(50%), p = 0.030; both HDRS and BDI]. Performance on Digit Symbol Substitution Test (as part of the Battery for ECT-Related Cognitive Deficits scale) significantly improved in ketamine patients (p = 0.02) while that in ECT patients worsened non significantly (p = 0.30). Limitations: Relatively small sample size; higher proportion of dropouts in the Ketamine arm. Conclusion: This study favoured ECT over ketamine for a better efficacy over six treatment sessions in severe depression. The results need to be replicated in larger studies. Trial registration: CTRI/2019/09/021184
Treating major depression and comorbid disorders with transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is a global disorder that negatively affects mood and quality of life. Antidepressant medication and psychotherapy are the most commonly prescribed treatments, but prior research has called their clinical efficacy into question. These treatments may be less effective when the patient has a diagnosed comorbid disorder. Method: A systematic review of the literature was conducted to investigate whether an alternative method of treatment, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), is effective for MDD with a diagnosed comorbidity. 110 articles were identified, of which 8 were included in the current review. Results: Response and remission rates vary. A range of 39.5-70% of participants experienced an antidepressant response to treatment, and 16.6-76.9% of patients achieved remission from MDD. A range of 48.6-84.6% of participants responded to treatment of their comorbid disorder, and 50-84.6% achieved remission of comorbid symptoms. Limitations: Limitations of the current review include small sample sizes, limited statistical power, homogenous samples, and a lack of sham or placebo-controlled studies. Conclusion: Preliminary results support that TMS is effective at treating symptoms of MDD and a comorbid disorder. Additional studies are needed to confirm these results.
The concept and management of acute episodes of treatment-resistant bipolar disorder: a systematic review and exploratory meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: The definitions of treatment-resistant bipolar disorder (TRBD) have varied across studies. Additionally, its management is clinically challenging. An updated synthesis and appraisal of the available evidence is needed. Methods: A systematic search of major electronic databases from inception up to May 25th, 2020, was conducted to identify randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions for the management of TRBD. When sufficient evidence was available, a meta-analysis was conducted. Results: Seventeen studies (n = 928 patients) were included in the qualitative synthesis. Fourteen studies (n = 803) assessed treatment-resistant acute bipolar depression (TRBD-De), including five neuromodulatory and nine pharmacological trials. Rapid- vs. standard up-titration of clozapine showed promising efficacy for TRBD mania, without significant adverse events. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was confirmed to be similarly effective for TRBD-De as for treatment-resistant unipolar depression: odd ratio, OR = 0.919 (95%C.I. = 0.44–1.917), I2 = 13.98, p = .822. TRBD-De patients exposed to ketamine at day one post-infusion had high odds of response: OR = 10.682 (95%C.I. = 2.142–53.272), I2 = 0, p = <.005. The pooled drop-out rate in the ketamine trials was 21.2%. Additional evidence is warranted to confirm the potential efficacy of pramipexole or stimulants for TRBD-De. Limitations: Publication/measurement bias; exploratory nature of the meta-analyses for interventions that included participants solely with TRBD-De. Conclusions: Overall, a few interventions are available for TRBD, including pramipexole, ECT, and clozapine, among others. Larger and better-designed trials for TRBD are warranted and should be based on more uniform operational definitions. PROSPERO registration number: CRD42018114567.
Efficacy of donepezil for the attenuation of memory deficits associated with electroconvulsive therapy$$$ We sought to confirm and extend the findings of studies that reported that acetylcholinesterase inhibitor drugs protect against electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)-induced cognitive impairment. We randomized 30 patients with depression (n=24) or schizophrenia (n=6) to receive either donepezil (10 mg/day; n=15) or placebo (n=15) during a fixed course of 6 thrice-weekly, modified, bifrontotemporal sine wave ECT, and for 30 days subsequently. We assessed memory using the Postgraduate Institute Memory Scale (PGI-MS) at baseline, and again at days 2, 7, and 30 after the ECT course. At baseline, memory functioning was comparable in the 2 groups. At 2 days post-ECT, memory functioning was impaired on almost all 10 subtests and on the total scale. At 30 days post-ECT, memory functioning improved to (numerically) above baseline levels on almost all subtests and on the total scale, with the bulk of the improvement evident by day 7, itself. There was no significant difference between groups in the primary outcome, improvement in PGI-MS scores between Days 2 and 30 post-ECT. On almost all subtests, also, there was no significant difference between groups. In summary, we found that donepezil (10 mg/day) did not improve memory outcomes after ECT.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: A novel approach in the treatment of vascular depression$$$ Background: Despite the impact of depression in terms of personal suffering and socioeconomic burden, most currently available treatment options are often ineffective. A particularly difficult-to-treat depressive disorder characteristic of the elderly is vascular depression, a late-life depressive syndrome related to a variety of potential vascular mechanisms. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), a non-invasive and effective somatic approach to depression, also showed positive effects on cognitive deficits. Aim: We performed a double-blind randomized study to investigate the efficacy of tDCS as augmentation strategy to sertraline in the treatment of vascular depression, hypothesizing a positive effect in both depressive symptoms and cognitive functions. Methods: We enrolled 93 inpatients over 60 years of age with a diagnosis of vascular depression. Depressive symptoms were weekly assessed (T0, T1, T2) with the 21-items Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS). Cognitive functioning was evaluated with the Milan Overall Dementia Assessment (MODA) at baseline and after the treatment protocol. All patients were randomly assigned into three groups, Group I: one tDCS stimulation per day, Group II: two tDCS stimulations per day, Sham group: one sham tDCS stimulation per day. Stimulation was performed for 10 consecutive working days. Results: A significant interaction time∗treatment was observed on HDRS scores (F = 14, p < 0.001). All groups improved at T1 but whereas Group II significantly differed from the Sham group (p < 0.001) we observed no difference between Sham and Group I. At T2 all groups improved but Group II showed the greater improvement (vs. Sham p < 0.001; vs. Group I p < 0.001) and the Sham group the smallest (vs. Group I p = 0.005). A significant interaction time∗treatment was also observed on MODA scores (F = 3.31, p = 0.04). Only subjects treated with tDCS improved at T2 (Group I: p < 0.001; Group II: p = 0.007). However, no difference between Group I and II was shown. Conclusion: tDCS as augmentation treatment of an adequate pharmacotherapy is a potential strategy in the management of vascular depression, a disease known to be often unresponsive to antidepressants only. Non-invasiveness, the absence of severe side effects and the possibility of administering it to outpatients at an affordable price make tDCS an important tool in clinical practice.
Induction of LTD-like corticospinal plasticity by low-frequency rTMS depends on pre-stimulus phase of sensorimotor μ-rhythm$$$ Background: Neural oscillations reflect rapidly changing brain excitability states. We have demonstrated previously with EEG-triggered transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of human motor cortex that the positive vs. negative peak of the sensorimotor μ-oscillation reflect corticospinal low-vs. high-excitability states. In vitro experiments showed that induction of long-term depression (LTD) by low-frequency stimulation depends on the postsynaptic excitability state. Objective/Hypothesis: We tested the hypothesis that induction of LTD-like corticospinal plasticity in humans by 1 Hz repetitive TMS (rTMS) is enhanced when rTMS is synchronized with the low-excitability state, but decreased or even shifted towards long-term (LTP)-like plasticity when synchronized with the high-excitability state. Methods: We applied real-time EEG-triggered 1-Hz-rTMS (900 pulses) to the hand area of motor cortex in healthy subjects. In a randomized double-blind three-condition crossover design, pulses were synchronized to either the positive or negative peak of the sensorimotor μ-oscillation, or were applied at random phase (control). The amplitude of motor evoked potentials was recorded as an index of corticospinal excitability before and after 1-Hz-rTMS. Results: 1-Hz-rTMS at random phase resulted in a trend towards LTD-like corticospinal plasticity. RTMS in the positive peak condition (i.e., the low-excitability state) induced significant LTD-like plasticity. RTMS in the negative peak condition (i.e., the high-excitability state) showed a trend towards LTP-like plasticity, which was significantly different from the other two conditions. Conclusion: The level of corticospinal depolarization reflected by phase of the μ-oscillation determines the degree of corticospinal plasticity induced by low-frequency rTMS, a finding that may guide future personalized therapeutic stimulation.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the primary motor cortex relieves musculoskeletal pain in patients with Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Pain is common in Parkinson's disease, and there is no effective treatment. We conducted a clinical trial to determine whether high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the primary motor cortex alleviates musculoskeletal pain in patients with Parkinson's disease. Methods: In this single-center and double-blind trial, 52 patients with Parkinson's disease and musculoskeletal pain were randomly allocated to 26-member groups receiving 5 sessions of either 20-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or sham stimulation over the primary motor cortex. The participants underwent assessments in the “ON” medication state at baseline, after the fifth session, and at 2- and 4-week follow-up timepoints. The primary outcomes were pain scores on a numeric rating scale. The secondary outcomes were scores on clinical scales assessing motor symptoms, depression, anxiety, autonomic symptoms, sleep quality, and the overall severity of Parkinson's disease. Results: Analyses revealed significant group × time interactions for numeric rating scale pain scores (p < 0.001), motor symptom scores (p < 0.001), depression scores (p = 0.009), anxiety scores (p = 0.013), and overall disease severity scores (p < 0.001). Post hoc analyses confirmed that the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation group, but not the sham stimulation group, exhibited significant improvements in numeric rating scale pain scores, motor symptom scores, depression scores, anxiety scores, and overall disease severity scores. Conclusion: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the primary motor cortex may be an effective adjunct therapy for alleviating musculoskeletal pain in patients with Parkinson's disease.
Gamma-transcranial alternating current stimulation and theta-burst stimulation: inter-subject variability and the role of BDNF$$$ Objective: The main limitation of neuromodulation techniques is inter-subject variability. Combining theta-burst stimulation (TBS) with gamma-transcranial alternating current stimulation (γ-tACS) allows to shape cortical plasticity. However, it is unknown whether γ-tACS modifies TBS-induced response variability. In this study, we measured the inter-subject variability of TBS-γ tACS and controlled the effect of the Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) Val66Met polymorphism. Methods: Intermittent TBS (iTBS)-sham tACS, iTBS-γ tACS, continuous TBS (cTBS)-sham tACS, and cTBS-γ tACS were applied in randomised sessions. Inter-subject variability was measured using grand average and clustering methods. TBS-γ tACS effects on motor evoked potentials (MEP) were compared between Val/Val and Met carriers. Results: We found that γ-tACS boosted iTBS-induced MEP facilitation and cancelled cTBS-induced MEP depression. Grand average analysis showed that γ-tACS prominently increased the percentage of iTBS responders and cTBS non-responders. The clustering method demonstrated that TBS-γ tACS response varied between subjects, a phenomenon unrelated to the BDNF genotype. Conclusions: Enhancing γ oscillations through tACS boosts iTBS-induced LTP-like plasticity and suppresses cTBS-induced LTD-like plasticity of the primary motor cortex in a reliable manner. The BDNF Val66Met polymorphism does not influence these effects. Significance: Since γ-tACS significantly increases the number of iTBS responders, it may be used in clinical settings.
Seizure threshold manipulation in electroconvulsive therapy via repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. A novel way of augmentation?$$$ Introduction: A high seizure threshold (ST) is an impeding factor in certain patients, potentially preventing a successful electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment. Several pharmacological and non-pharmacological methods have been put forward to augment ECT in such patients, however, to this date, only a handful of case reports existed about the potential role of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), as an augmentation method. Objectives: and Methods: In this randomized, double-blinded, sham controlled study, we set out to test the hypothesis of whether the application of high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF rTMS) lowers the seizure threshold for electroconvulsive therapy and whether it has an effect on other aspects of ECT treatment, such as seizure duration (SD), efficacy and safety. Results: 46 patients treated for a major depressive episode, indicated for ECT, were recruited to this study. A significantly lower seizure threshold was observed in the experimental group during ECT titration, on average a decrease by 34.55%, from 34.23 mC to 22.4 mC, p < 0.001 (Wilcox test). We had not observed a significant effect of TMS stimulation before ECT on seizure duration or clinical outcome. Another potentially important observation of this study is that 4 patients in the experimental group developed transient symptoms of hypomania/mania, all of which were stabilized after the combined stimulation protocol was halted spontaneously within a week, without the need to administer mood stabilizers. Conclusion: It is likely that HF rTMS stimulation prior to ECT is a novel and simple way of reducing the ST, which is useful in certain groups of patients undergoing this important treatment modality.
P.414 Neuronavigated and individualized alpha frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-refractory schizophrenia$$$ Background: Many patients with schizophrenia respond insufficiently to antipsychotic medication and other treatments. Treatment resistance usually refers to persistent positive symptoms, although negative and cognitive symptoms may be the main predictors for poor clinical prognosis [1]. Previous electroencephalogram (EEG) studies have reported altered brain oscillatory alpha (α) band activity at rest and during sensory or cognitive tasks in patients with schizophrenia [2]. Recently introduced method, navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) integrates the individual MRI data, and thus allows more precise targeting on brain cortical regions, enhancing the efficacy of rTMS [3]. It has been suggested that the individually α-frequency synchronized rTMS (αTMS) could improve the efficacy of rTMS therapies [4]. Objective: To investigate the efficacy of navigated and individualised αTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for treatment-refractory patients with schizophrenia. Methods: Forty-four male and right-handed patients with DSM-IV schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder were enrolled in this randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled study. Patients were medication-refractory, defined by CGI-S (Clinical Global Impression, Severity) 4 or more at baseline. Individual α-frequency was determined on each patient's average α-peak frequency obtained from 5 frontal EEG electrode leads (F7, F3, Fz, F4 and F8). Patients were randomly assigned to a 3-week course of individualised αTMS at 110% motor threshold or sham stimulation over the left DLPFC, as complementary therapy. Patients’ antipsychotic medication was kept unchanged for at least 2 weeks before and throughout the intervention. The clinical assessments were made with the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) at baseline, post-treatment and 3 months after stimulation period. Additional symptom analysis was performed using the PANSS five-factor model (i.e. negative, cognitive/disorganized, positive, excited and depressive/anxiety factors). Statistical significance was confirmed by t-tests, Mann-Whitney U tests, Fisher´s exact test, or repeated measures ANOVA, as appropriate. Results: Three patients of the active group did not complete the intervention. Side-effects led to discontinuation of stimulation period in two of these cases and one patient retracted his consent. One patient in the sham group was excluded from analysis due to missing data. The αTMS group did not differ significantly from the sham group with respect to pre-treatment demographic and clinical characteristics or TMS parameters (p > 0.05). A significant decrease in the PANSS total (p = 0.035) and general psychopathological (p = 0.033), and the PANSS five-factor model cognitive factor scores (p = 0.026) was observed in αTMS group (n = 19) compared with sham group (n = 21). No significant group differences on the other PANSS scores were found (p > 0.05). The improvement in general psychopathological (p = 0.014) and cognitive symptoms (p = 0.026) persisted through the 3-months follow-up assessment in active group compared to sham group. Conclusions: Application of navigated αTMS to the left DLPFC was beneficial compared with sham in improving total and general psychopathological, and also cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia. These results suggest that αTMS may be an efficient adjunctive therapy for treatment-refractory schizophrenia. No conflict of interest
P.263 Outcome of treatment in clinical practice compared to a clinical trial in treatment-resistant depression: a matched adjusted indirect comparison$$$ Background: Multiple factors contribute to the clinical response obtained in randomized clinical trials of depression, which cannot only be related to the pharmacological effects of the active drug. Depression trials are subject to high placebo response rates, where literature have highlighted factors such as high patient expectations and the care provided by healthcare professionals during visits. In addition, it is perceived that high response rates reflect a selected patient population with a low degree of comorbidity. How large the placebo- and care-related effect size really is, and consequently, how a selected patient population with depression similar to those included in clinical trials respond to standard of care (SOC) in a routine clinical setting has not been well described. Objectives: To quantify and compare the clinical response in patients with treatment resistant depression (TRD; defined as patients who received three or more treatments within an episode), given SOC in routine clinical practice to the response of a matched group of patients receiving placebo nasal spray and SSRI/SNRI in a randomized clinical trial. Methods: A cohort was created using TRD patients from the Treatment Resistant depression In STockholm (TRIST) retrospective register-based study treated in routine clinical practice [1]. The same inclusion and exclusion criteria as for the TRANSFORM 1 and 2 studies [2,3] were applied and patients were required to have MADRS-S ratings both when switching treatment and 4-8 weeks after. The TRANSFORM studies are prospective, randomized, double-blind controlled studies of TRD in which the control group received a newly initiated SSRI/SNRI in combination with a placebo nasal spray twice weekly for four weeks. To allow for comparison between groups, a proxy MADRS-S score for this group was created by removing the score of the MADRS-item apparent sadness [1]. 220 patients from the pooled comparator arms of the TRANSFORM studies were subsequently matched on ten important disease modifying criteria (including number of previous treatment failures, disease severity, age, sex) and compared to TRIST patients using the Matched Adjusted Indirect Comparison (MAIC) method [4]. Response (≥50% reduction of MADRS-S), remission (MADRS-S ≤10), and change from baseline were calculated and compared between groups. Results: In total 128 TRD patients from the TRIST-study were included in the matching procedure, of whom 106 were treated with oral antidepressants and 22 with ECT. The full matching reduced the effective sample of TRANSFORM-studies from 220 to 42 patients, while clinical outcomes remained stable. The adjusted response rate observed in TRIST was 15.5% compared to 45.1% in TRANSFORM (P-value, OR and [95% CI]; p=0.0002, 4.484 [2.031; 9.901]), remission rate was 10.7% in TRIST, compared to 28.6% (p=0.0115, 3.360 [1.312; 8.604] in TRANSFORM. Change from baseline was -6.48 MADRS-S points for TRIST compared to -13.9 for TRANSFORM (p <0.001, Diff: -7.42 [-9.77; -5.07]). Conclusion: These data demonstrate that the response and remission rates of the placebo-controlled group in the TRANSFORM-studies are considerably higher than in a similar cohort given SOC and provides a quantitative estimation of this effect. This difference is not explained by a difference in comorbidity between the groups. Disclosure statement: This abstract is financially supported by Janssen-Cilag AB. CB, AG, AL, BR, MS and SvS are employees of Janssen.
P.296 Interhemispheric imbalance of motor cortex excitability in affective disorders – a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Mood and emotions are key features in human experience and its normal function are known to be impaired in some of the most debilitating neuropsychiatric disorders – affective disorders. Historically, mood valence has been hypothesised to be lateralised in the brain, with negative emotions (depression) associated right hemisphere function, and positive emotions (euphoria) associated with left hemisphere function [1]. Consistent with this hypothesis, strong evidence claims a left-sided impairment in depression, suggested by left-sided predominance of brain lesions causing depression [2], dysfunction of left-sided functional networks and impaired function of left-sided hubs of the limbic circuit. Additionally, manic syndromes have been associated to right-sided dysfunction revealed by right lateralised lesions causing mania [3], right orbitofrontal and temporal abnormalities in bipolar disorder and state-related dysfunction in right-sided functional networks. Transcranial magnetic stimulation has been used as a non-invasive research tool to acquire in vivo neurophysiologic measures in humans [4], such as cortical excitability or plasticity measures, with promising biomarker features [5]. TMS may thus be used to access lateralisation of cortical excitability or plasticity measure in affective disorders. Aims: Our primary goal was to compare, using a meta-analytic approach, lateralisation of cortical excitability or plasticity, acquired using TMS, between healthy subjects and patients with depression or mania. Secondarily, we aim to understand if lateralisation of cortical excitability or plasticity is changed in response to treatment. Finally, we propose to explore determinants of cortical excitability lateralization, in patients with affective disorders. Methods: Using four different databases we performed a systematic review (PROSPERO registration CRD42019145239) of the evidence concerning interhemispheric differences in motor cortex excitability acquired by Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in patients with affective disorders. Three researchers reviewed available evidence separately according to PRISMA Guidelines. A meta-analytic approach was used to assess the presence of interhemispheric asymmetry in several cortical excitability and plasticity measures acquired with TMS, among patients with depression or mania and healthy subjects. We also studied predictors of greater interhemispheric asymmetry among the patients diagnosed with affective disorders. Results: From 1314 articles, 17 were included, 94.12% of which including patients with depression (unipolar or bipolar), and 11.76% included patients with mania. Resting motor threshold (MT) was significantly asymmetric in patients with depression, favouring a greater left-right difference (Cohen's=0.37; 95%CI=0.11-0.63), while in healthy controls from the same experiments, MT was symmetric. MT asymmetry in depressed subjects was no longer observed after treatment. Random-effects meta-regressions revealed that higher proportions of female participants decreased left-right imbalance. Anecdotally, in a single eligible study, manic patients also revealed similar imbalance trends but with opposite laterality, i.e. favouring right-left imbalance. While the remaining cortical excitability measures did not show significant differences in interhemispheric asymmetry, a trend for lower left intracortical facilitation was also found. Conclusion: In patients with affective disorders, there is an imbalance of interhemispheric cortical excitability, favouring a lower left-sided cortical excitability in depression, and possibly lower right-sided excitability in patients with mania. This evidence further suggests the relevance of lateralised brain function in patients with affective disorders. Disclosure statement: AJOM is supported by grant FCT-PTDC/MED-NEU/31331/2017 and FCT-PTDC/MEC-PSQ/30302/2017-IC&DT-LISBOA-01-0145-FEDER, funded by national funds from FCT/MCTES and co-funded by FEDER, under the Partnership Agreement Lisboa 2020 - Programa Operacional Regional de Lisboa. AJOM is also recipient of a grant from Schuhfried GmBH for norming and validation of cognitive tests, national coordinator for Portugal of a Non-interventional Study (EDMS-ERI-143085581, 4.0) to characterize a Treatment-Resistant Depression Cohort in Europe, sponsored by Janssen-Cilag Ltd, and national coordinator for Portugal of an international multicenter randomized trial to study safety and efficacy of psilocybin in Treatment-Resistant Depression (EudraCT Number: 2017-003288-36), sponsored by Compass Pathways, Ltd. None of the aforementioned agencies had a role in the design and conduct of the study, in the collection, management, analysis, and interpretation of the data, in the preparation, review, or approval of the manuscript, nor in the decision to submit the manuscript for publication.
Individualized theta-burst stimulation modulates hippocampal activity and connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Background: While intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) has been shown to improve symptoms of major depressive disorder (MDD), research has been largely limited to targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). New approaches utilize patients’ individual resting state fMRI data in order to identify superficial cortical stimulation targets functionally connected to deeper brain regions, thus enabling the modulation of previously inaccessible targets for antidepressant therapy. Objective: To improve iTBS treatment of MDD by inducing plasticity in the hippocampus through stimulation of an individually mapped, functionally interconnected site in the parietal cortex. Methods: Fifty-three MDD patients were randomized to three treatment groups and underwent 15 sessions of iTBS to the left DLPFC. This was augmented by adding a second daily session of (i) stimulation over individualized parietal targets functionally connected to the hippocampus, (ii) left DLPFC stimulation, or (iii) sham stimulation. To evaluate the improvement of treatment, we assessed depression severity, neuropsychological performance, functional connectivity and neural activation during an associative memory paradigm pre- vs. post-treatment. Results: Augmentation of left DLPFC stimulation by parieto-hippocampal stimulation increased functional connectivity between hippocampus and DLPFC as well as encoding-related hippocampal activation; the latter was associated with better performance during a spatial planning task dependent on prefrontal and hippocampal contributions. Depressive symptoms improved in all groups after treatment, with best clinical outcomes following twice-daily left DLPFC stimulation. Conclusion: Functional connectivity-guided stimulation of the hippocampus may serve as an adjunct to iTBS in order to target the cognitive symptoms of MDD.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS): A Large-Scale Retrospective Clinical Data Analysis Indicating rTMS as Effective Treatment for Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD)$$$ Background: Typical success rates of rTMS reported in the literature indicate remission and response rates of approximately 45% and 68%, respectively, for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) (Dunner, Aaronson, Sackeim, Janicak, Carpenter, Boyadjis, & Lanocha, 2014). To date, rTMS is FDA-cleared only for MDD and Obsessive Compulsive Disorder (OCD). This report aims to compare patient response rates reported in the literature to those of a multi-location organization consisting of three clinics, and demonstrates the efficacy of rTMS in treating not only MDD but also GAD. Comorbitiy of the two disorders is so prevalent that some authors suggest that GAD and MDD should be conceived and treated as a single disorder, while others suggest the two disorders should remain as distinct diagnoses, and one a comorbidity of the other (MacNamara, Kotov, & Hajcak 2015). GAD occurs prior to MDD in 54% of cases (Galyamina, Kovalenko, Smagin, & Kudryavtseva, 2017) causing impairment by causing feelings of excessive worry, irritability or restlessness and may include somatic responses such as nausea, palpitations, and insomnia. Methods: A total of 401 patients with a clinical diagnosis of MDD were treated with rTMS at the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Remission rates and response magnitudes were compared using an evaluative case report design, and patient data spanning the three clinical locations. Left hemisphere targets received either high-frequency rTMS (120% of MT, 10 Hz for 18 minutes) or intermittent Theta-Burst (120% of MT, 5 Hz for 3:08 minutes). Right hemisphere targets received rTMS (110% or 120% of MT, 1 Hz for 15 minutes) or continuous Theta-Burst (110% of MT. 5 Hz for 39 seconds). Bilateral treatment protocols varied in combinations of standard rTMS and Theta-Burst. Patient progress was monitored using the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9) for depression and Generalized Anxiety Disorder-7 (GAD-7) for anxiety. Results: In standard with this organization's clinical definitions, patients were considered in remission for scores of 5 or lower for PHQ-9 and GAD-7, for MDD and GAD respectively. For remission rates, 40.40% of patients reported a PHQ-9 score of 5/27 or lower according to the PHQ-9, and 44.03% of patients reported 5/21 or lower, according to the GAD-7. Conversely, response rates (indicated by a fifty percent or greater decrease in scores) were 59.71% for GAD7, and 67.42% for PHQ-9. Conclusion: In this retrospective analysis of three clinics’ outcomes, remission and response outcomes for GAD were similar to outcomes for MDD, indicating that rTMS shows significant efficacy for GAD treatment. A large, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial controlling for protocols, and demographics is needed to determine TMS for GAD is an effective treatment. Conflicts of Interest: All data was collected from clinics belonging to NeuroStim TMS Centers. Funding: Funding for this study was provided by NeuroStim TMS Centers. References Dunner, D. L., Aaronson, S. T., Sackeim, H. A., Janicak, P. G., Carpenter, L. L., Boyadjis, T., & Lanocha, K. (2014). A multisite, naturalistic, observational study of transcranial magnetic stimulation for patients with pharmacoresistant major depressive disorder: durability of benefit over a 1-year follow-up period. The Journal of clinical psychiatry, 75(12), 1394-1401. Galyamina, A. G., Kovalenko, I. L., Smagin, D. A., & Kudryavtseva, N. N. (2017). Interaction of Depression and Anxiety in the Development of Mixed Anxiety/Depression Disorder. Experimental Studies of the Mechanisms of Comorbidity (review). Neuroscience and Behavioral Physiology, 47(6), 699–713. MacNamara, A., Kotov, R., & Hajcak, G. (2015). Diagnostic and Symptom-Based Predictors of Emotional Processing in Generalized Anxiety Disorder and Major Depressive Disorder: An Event-Related Potential Study. Cognitive Therapy and Research, 40(3), 275–289.
CTMSS 2020 Annual Meeting$$$ The proceedings contains 59 papers. The topics discussed include: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Neuropathic Pain- An INS/NANS Expert Consensus Panel Review and Recommendation;Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS): A Large-Scale Retrospective Clinical Data Analysis Indicating rTMS as Effective Treatment for Generalized Anxiety Disorder (GAD);Neuronavigation Guided rTMS in Alleviating Gulf War Illness Symptoms;Anhedonia in Major Depressive Disorder: Can it be the Chicken AND the Egg for Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation?;Initial report on long-term durability of deep TMS for obsessive compulsive disorder;Preliminary characteristic of 45 patient of the study placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of using Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (EMTp) in smoking cessation.;Theta Burst but Not Standard Stimulation Resulting in Treatment Emergent Affective Switching (TEAS): An Inter-Subject Case-Control Series of Two Patients;Post Marketing Rate of Seizures During Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) Treatment with NeuroStar Advanced Therapy Is Lower Than Previously Estimated;Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Induces Insomnia; A Case Series;Elderly TMS Response and Duration: A 6 Month Study;Gender Related TMS Response in Depression and Insomnia;Audio-Guided Mindfulness Meditation During TMS Sessions for the Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD): A Feasibility Pilot Study;Abstract Outcomes of Ketamine IV Treatments for TMS Therapy Poor Responders;Gender Differences in Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment Outcomes for Major Depressive Disorder: A Single Institution Experience;Real-world efficacy of deep TMS for obsessive-compulsive disorder: interim post-marketing analysis of 192 patients from twenty-two sites;Incidence of side effects in patients receiving Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS);Music and rTMS; Novel combination approach for the treatment of depression;Systematic review and meta-analysis comparing iTBS vs. TMS vs. sham in randomized controlled trials.
Stanford Accelerated Intelligent Neuromodulation Therapy (SAINT-TRD) induces rapid remission from treatment-resistant depression in a double-blinded, randomized, and controlled trial.$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is the leading cause of disability worldwide and approximately 50% of MDD patients meet criteria for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an FDA-approved noninvasive brain stimulation treatment for TRD but is limited by low efficacy and 6-week treatment duration. Stanford Accelerated Intelligent Neuromodulation Therapy (SAINT) was developed with the aim of improving the efficacy and shortening the duration of rTMS treatment. Open-label trials have found a striking ∼90% remission rate from depression in severely treatment-resistant patients. Herein, we report the results of a sham-controlled, double-blinded clinical trial of SAINT for TRD. Methods: Participants aged between 22-80 years old with TRD and currently experiencing a moderate-severe depressive episode were recruited. Participants were randomized to receive either active or sham SAINT. Functional connectivity MRI (fcMRI) was used to individually target the region of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC) most functionally anticorrelated with subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC). The primary outcome was change in Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) one month after treatment. Results: At the planned interim analysis, thirty-two participants with TRD had been enrolled and 29 participants who continued to meet inclusion criteria received either active (n=14) or sham (n=15) SAINT. Participants had not responded to a mean of 5 adequate antidepressant medication trials. The remission rates were found to be 78.57% and 13.33% in the active (n=14) and sham (n=15) groups respectively with no severe adverse events. The trial was ended early due to superiority of the active treatment. Conclusions: SAINT, an accelerated, high-dose, rTMS protocol with fcMRI-guided targeting is significantly more effective than sham treatment for TRD. Our results could guide future clinical practice towards the use of neuroscience-informed stimulation parameter choices and personalized stimulation targets. The short 5-day duration of this treatment would allow SAINT to be used in emergency settings or during acute hospitalizations to rapidly ensure the safety of suicidal depressed patients. NCT03068715.
Use of Transcranial Magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression in MU health care: Effectiveness and outcome$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) received FDA approval in 2008 for Major depressive disorder. This study was completed to determine the efficacy of rTMS (repetitive TMS) in the management of patients with treatment resistant depression attending our Neuromodulation clinic from September 2018 through January 2020. Methods: 91 patients aged ≥ 18 were treated with rTMS for a maximum of 36 sessions. A Magventure Magpro X100 TMS machine was used and the coil was positioned over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and patients were treated at 120% of their Motor threshold, either with a 3 min theta burst or 20 min standard protocol. All patients in the study had failed at least two antidepressants and psychotherapy. Results: Out of 91 patients, 9 could not complete the treatment. 82 patients were thus included in the study. 33 patients (44%) achieved remission. Remission rate was defined as ≤ 4 on the PHQ9 or QIDS. 18 patients (22%) of the patients responded to the treatment (QIDS or PHQ score reduction >50%). Therefore, 62% of the patients benefited from the procedure. 4 patients (5%) reported worsening of symptoms. 5 patients (6%) had no resolution of symptoms. 27% of the subjects had some improvement in symptoms but did not reach response or remission criteria. Conclusion: Our response and remission rates are comparable to previous randomized controlled studies of rTMS for major depression and has shown positive outcome in patients with treatment resistant depression. Conflict of interest: None. Funding: No funding received.
Outcomes and feasibility from the first TMS specific web-based intervention$$$ Background: The authors sought to review the feasibility of an intervention combined with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for patients with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and assess outcomes on a self-rated measure of mood. Methods: A post hoc analysis was performed with de-identified data from patient users of the workbook. A subset of data was identified, n=20, and analyzed. This subset of patients had verified daily workbook use and a complete data set (diagnosis, demographics, medication history, TMS treatment protocols, number of delivered TMS sessions, weeks of workbook participation, etc.). Results: Overall patient PHQ-9 outcomes for the group were: Remission = 60%, Response = 85%, Nonresponse = 15%. The analysis showed that use of the workbook is feasible by a TMS operator and patients with electronic tablets and smartphones. Demographics of the patients were 50% (10/20) female, and 50% (10/20) male, with an average age of 33 years old, (range: 18-58). All patients had a primary diagnosis of Major Depressive Disorder, recurrent, severe and were quite treatment-resistant with an average number of antidepressants used prior to TMS initiation of 6.2 antidepressants (range of 4-18), and the average number of augmenting agents (antipsychotics, stimulants, anti-anxiety, folate supplements, e.g.) of 7.3 (range 1-20). The patients had an average of 41 (range 26-59) treatments and an average workbook use of 10.25 weeks (range 8-14 weeks of use). Of the patients treated throughout their TMS course with the standard protocol (10/20), PHQ-9 outcomes were: Remission = 80%, Response = 90%, Nonresponse = 10%. Conclusion: This study showed that the HIPAA compliant, web-based workbook can feasibly be used by TMS operators in combination with TMS Treatment for depressed patients. The interpretation of the reported outcome results is limited by the small number, the post hoc nature of the data analysis, and the lack of a randomized comparator group. A randomized clinical trial to test this workbook against nonconcurrent TMS and online CBT or other interventions, with specific education to improve operator and patient utilization, might answer if this combined intervention can improve outcomes for patients compared to standard TMS treatment. Funding: NeuroScience & TMS Treatment Centers Disclosures: - Dr. Cochran is the owner and author of Train Your Brain: Your record of Care with TMS,. - Dr. Cochran is on the speaker’s bureau for NeuroStar/Neuronetics and has done market research for MagStim and NeuroStar/Neuronetics. - Dr. Cochran owns a practice, NeuroScience and TMS Treatment Centers which purchased both a MagVenture device and two NeuroStar devices which are used with patients. - Lauren Valencia, LCSW is one of the authors of Train Your Brain, and works with Dr. Cochran - Kayla Evans is a TMS operator in Dr. Cochran’s practice. - C. Dean Cochran is Dr. Cochran’s son and a Data Science Analytics major at Centre College, Danville, KY.
THETA BURST AND STANDARD REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR MAJOR DEPRESSIVE DISORDER AT A SUBURBAN TERTIARY CLINIC$$$ Background: Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) is a neuromodulatory technique designed to mimic the natural rhythms of brain activity through short bursts of stimulation applied at a high frequency. We sought to review our clinic’s outcomes with TBS stimulation and Standard rTMS. Methods: We examined the effectiveness of TBS and rTMS for the treatment of depression in an applied clinical setting on different psychometric domains. Design/Methods: A retrospective review of medical records was carried out on patients with major depressive disorder treated using theta burst or standard rTMS methodology at AwakeningsKC Clinical Neuroscience Institute (CNI), a suburban tertiary psychiatric clinic. Patient received treatment according to usual care and were not randomized. A de-identified data set of psychometric outcomes was compiled and change from baseline scores were compared using t-test. Results: We surveyed 114 participants (N=45 males, N=59 females, N=10 undefined) treated for severe depression using theta burst (N=40) and rTMS (N=74). Average baseline summary scores [Beck Depression Inventory (BDI)=30.3±9; Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS)=31.2±8; Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAMA)=26.2±10; ADHDA=3.8±2; ADHDB=5.6±4] decreased significantly with treatment for all metrics to BDI=12.1±10 (t=14.4, p<0.001); MADRS=13.9±10 (t=12.2, p<0.0001); HAMA=13.8±10 (t=10.8, p<0.0001); ADHDPA= 2.6±2 (t=3.9; p=0.0002); ADHDPB=3.4±3 (t=4.3, p<0.0001). No statistically significant differences were found between theta burst and rTMS for any of these measures (p>0.05 for all measures). Conclusions: TBS for depression in an applied clinical practice was comparable to rTMS leading to a significant reduction in ratings for standard metrics after 6 weeks of standard therapy. Key Words: theta burst, rTMS, transcranial magnetic stimulation, depression. Conflicts of Interest and Funding Source: Dr. Davila is the owner of AwakeningsKC, Amelia Hess and Ananya are employed by AwakeningsKC
Systematic review and meta-analysis comparing iTBS vs. TMS vs. sham in randomized controlled trials.$$$ Background: The objective was to evaluate the outcomes (response and safety/adverse events) of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and to sham (iTBS v. sham) when used in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) in randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Methods: The use of preferred reporting items for systematic reviews and meta-analyses guidelines (PRISMA) was utilized. The Cochrane methodology for evaluating RCTs was employed using risk of bias assessments, data synthesis, and statistical methods, including forest plots (risk ratio; M-H random effects; 95% CI). Eligibility criteria for study inclusion/exclusion were formulated a priori. Eligibility criteria included: primary diagnosis of MDD, reporting of outcome(s) [response of ≥50% reduction in HDRS score; yes/no], ≥1 week duration of therapy, manuscript only publication, and safety. Results: A systematic review of the literature identified 270 records of which 8 manuscripts were used for qualitative and 7 for meta-analyses. Risk of bias demonstrated an overall low risk of bias (Fig 1; green, blank, red – low, unclear, high risk); forest plots of response rates of iTBS v sham (Fig 1; iTBS ≥50% response reduction v. sham; RR=1.91; 95% CI: 1.19-3.06; I2=0%; P=0.007); iTBS v. rTMS (no statistical difference on outcome of response; P=0.57); and adverse events iTBS v. sham (no statistical difference v. sham).Fig 1 [Formula presented] Conclusions: The response rates to iTBS v. sham were significantly improved; iTBS v. rTMS were statistically similar and adverse events no worse than sham. iTBS should be considered as an alternative to rTMS in those MDD patients where it is indicated.
A Multicenter, Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial of Left Prefrontal, 10 Hz, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Adolescents with Treatment Resistant Depression.$$$ Background: The objective of this study was to examine the feasibility, safety, and efficacy of 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depressive disorder in adolescents. Methods: Adolescent subjects with treatment resistant depression (n=103) aged 12-21 were enrolled in multicenter, randomized, sham-controlled trial of rTMS. Inclusion criteria included a score of 2 or more on item 1 of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) a total score of 20 or greater. Treatment resistance was defined as an ATR level of 1-4 in a current, discrete episode of depression. Subjects were randomized to either active NeuroStar TMS Therapy (n=48) or sham rTMS (n=55) for 30 daily treatments over 6 weeks as monotherapy. The primary outcome measure was the HAMD-24. Results: There were no baseline differences in demographics among the two arms. After 6 weeks of blinded treatment the LS mean (SE) HAMD-24 changes were 11.1 (2.03) in the active group and 10.6 (2.00) in the sham group with no statistically significant difference (p= 0.8, 95% CI -0.5 [-4.2, 3.3]). The response rate was 41.7% in the active group and 36.4% in the sham group (p= 0.6). The tolerability and safety findings were similar to existing adult data. Conclusions: Based on the largest study of adolescents to date, Left prefrontal 10 Hz rTMS monotherapy appears to be feasible, tolerable, and safe in adolescents with treatment resistant depression. Future studies should focus on study designs to reduce placebo response rates, larger sample size, and dose finding approaches for adolescents with depression. Funding: The study was funded by Neuronetics Disclosures: Dr. Croarkin has received research grant support from the National Institute of Mental Health, Brain and Behavior Research Foundation, and Pfizer, Inc. He has received equipment support from Neuronetics, Inc. and received supplies and genotyping services from Assurex Health, Inc. for investigator-initiated studies. He is the primary investigator for a multicenter study funded by Neuronetics, Inc. and a site primary investigator for a study funded by NeoSync, Inc. Dr. Croarkin has served as a paid consultant for Procter & Gamble Company and Myriad Neuroscience. Dr. Elmaadawi receives research support from Duke University and University of North Western. He receives research fund from Neurocrine, Inc and Neuronetics, Inc. He is also a speaker for Neuronetics, Inc. Dr. Aaronson has received research support from Compass Pathways and Neuronetics. He serves as a consultant to LivaNova, Neuronetics, Janssen, Genomind, and Sage Therapeutics. He is also on the speaker boards for Janssen and Sunovion. Dr. Schrodt has had consultation fees from Neuronetics. Dr. Holbert has received equipment support from Neuronetics, Inc. Ms. Verdoliva is an employee of NAMSA. NAMSA provides testing, consulting, and contract medical research services to the medical device industry. Ms. Heart is an employee of Neuronetics. Dr. Demitrack is a consultant to Neuronetics, Inc. and a full-time employee of Trevena, Inc. Dr. Strawn has received research support from Allergan, Neuronetics, Otsuka, the National Institutes of Health (National Institute of Mental Health, National Institute of Child Health and Development and National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences) and the Yung Family Foundation. He receives royalties from Springer Publishing and received honoraria from CMEology and Neuroscience Educational Institute. He receives royalties from UpToDate. Finally, he received material support from and provided consultation to Myriad Genetics.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Neuropathic Pain- An INS/NANS Expert Consensus Panel Review and Recommendation$$$ Introduction: Emerging evidence supports the use of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for treating Neuropathic Pain (NP). This 30-member multi-national multi-disciplinary expert panel under the leadership of both the International Neuromodulation Society (INS) and the North American Neuromodulation Society (NANS) aims to:1) assess and rate the existing outcome evidence of TMS in neuropathic pain; and 2) provide treatment recommendation/guideline. Methods: Studies were first rated by the American Academy of Neurology Classification of Evidence for Therapeutic Studies criteria. The overall clinical evidence and recommendation was then established based on the US Preventive Service Task Force (USPSTF)1 and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) criteria2. Results: The NP task group evaluated existing meta-analyses and previous Cochrane and expert panel reviews3-8 (see table 1) and rated the overall Study Design for TMS at the Motor Cortex (M1) as I (Randomized Controlled Studies based Evidence), Level of Certainty as High for NP with supraspinal neuroanatomical origin, Moderate for phantom limb pain and spinal cord injury, and Low for NP with peripheral origins. Conclusion: The task group granted USPSTF Level A (Extremely Recommendable) and CDC Level IB (Strongly Recommended for Clinical Implementation) recommendations supporting the adaptation of neuronavigation guided high frequency (>5Hz) rTMS for treating appropriate neuropathic pain indications such as post-stroke central pain and trigeminal neuralgia. NP conditions with more peripheral anatomical origins such as post-traumatic peripheral neuropathic pain responded to the treatment less favorably. Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPFC) can be considered and studied more extensively as an alternate treatment location for patients with diffuse NP problems or co-morbid severe depression9. [Formula presented] Author Disclosure: Dr. Leung was a paid consultant for Teijin Pharma and he receives royalty from Nova Publishing Company; Dr. Saitoh received speaking fee from Teijin Pharma. He developed and filled patents for new rTMS machine with the company in Japan; All other authors have no COI to disclose. Funding Information: None References: 1. Harris RP, Helfand M, Woolf SH, et al. Current methods of the US Preventive Services Task Force: a review of the process. Am J Prev Med. 2001;20(3 Suppl):21-35. 2. Mangram AJ, Horan TC, Pearson ML, et al. Guideline for prevention of surgical site infection, 1999. Hospital Infection Control Practices Advisory Committee. Infect Control Hosp Epidemiol. 1999;20(4):250-278; quiz 279-280. 3. Leung A, Donohue M, Xu R, et al. rTMS for Suppressing Neuropathic Pain: A Meta-Analysis. The journal of pain : official journal of the American Pain Society. 2009. 4. Jin Y, Xing G, Li G, et al. High Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Therapy For Chronic Neuropathic Pain: A Meta-analysis. Pain Physician. 2015;18(6):E1029-1046. 5. Goudra B, Shah D, Balu G, et al. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Chronic Pain: A Meta-analysis. Anesth Essays Res. 2017;11(3):751-757. 6. Lefaucheur JP, Andre-Obadia N, Antal A, et al. Evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Clinical neurophysiology : official journal of the International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. 2014;125(11):2150-2206. 7. Boldt I, Eriks-Hoogland I, Brinkhof MW, et al. Non-pharmacological interventions for chronic pain in people with spinal cord injury. Cochrane Database Syst Rev. 2014;11:CD009177. 8. Gao F, Chu H, Li J, et al. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for pain after spinal cord injury: a systematic review and meta-analysis. J Neurosurg Sci. 2017;61(5):514-522. 9. Leung A, Shirvalkar P, Chen R, et al. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Pain, Headache, and Comorbid Depression: INS-NANS Expert Consensus Panel Review and Recommendation. Neuromodulation. 2020;23(3):267-290.
Low Frequency (1Hz) dTMS H1 Coil over the Right DLPFC for Late Life TRD: Case Report$$$ Introduction and Objective: Deep TMS (dTMS) can be an effective brain stimulation treatment for late life treatment-resistant depression (LLTRD). Most TMS trials in LLTRD use high-frequency dTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Case Presentation: We report here a case of a 76 yo patient with severe LLTRD and comorbid anxiety, whose depression and anxiety remitted after a course of low-frequency 1Hz dTMS (44 treatments) over the right DLPFC, after having failed multiple pharmacotherapy trials, CBT psychotherapy, one course of intranasal ketamine therapy (16 treatments) and one course of bifrontal ECT (11 treatments). Due to a too high a Motor Threshold (MT) above 70, this patient could not be treated with the standard High Frequency (18Hz) dTMS protocol with the H1 coil over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Instead, he was treated “off label” with a Low Frequency (1Hz) dTMS protocol with the H1 coil over the right DLPFC at 120%MT with 4,000 pulses per treatment, 3 to 4 times per week for 6 weeks for a total of 20 treatments, followed by 1-2 times per week for an additional 18 weeks, for a grand total of 44 dTMS treatments. Depressive sxs and anxiety sxs were monitored via PHQ-9, QIDS-SR, BDI, BAI, GAD-7, and YBOCS. After 44 dTMS treatments his severe depressive sxs and anxiety sxs remitted for the first time in many years while he continued once-weekly maintenance dTMS treatments for 12 additional weeks (total 56 dTMS) during which he continued to remain in remission. Conclusion: Low Frequency dTMS over the right DLPFC can be an effective treatment for LLTRD with comorbid anxiety. Formal, prospective studies are needed to determine standardized dTMS protocols. References: 1. Kaster, T. S. et al. Efficacy, tolerability, and cognitive effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: a prospective randomized controlled trial. Neuropsychopharmacology 43, 2231–2238 (2018). 2. Hovav, S., Kinback, K. Deep TMS for comorbid Major Depressive Disorder and Anxiety - A Brief Report of Patients in a Real-World Practice. Brain Stimul. 7, (5), 20 (2014). 3. Tendler, A., Roth, Y., Barnea-Ygael, N., Zangen, A. How to Use the H1 Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Coil for Conditions Other than Depression. J. Vis. Exp. (119), e55100, doi:10.3791/55100 (2017). 4. Roth, Y., Amir, A., Levkovitz, Y., Zangen, A. Three-dimensional distribution of the electric field induced in the brain by transcranial magnetic stimulation using figure-8 and deep H-coils. J Clin Neurophysiol. 24, (1), 31-38 (2007). 5. Zangen, A., Roth, Y., Voller, B., & Hallett, M. Transcranial magnetic stimulation of deep brain regions: evidence for efficacy of the H-coil. Clin 6. Neurophysiol. 116 (4), 775-779 (2005). 7. Zangen, A., Roth, Y., Voller, B., & Hallett, M. Transcranial magnetic stimulation of deep brain regions: evidence for efficacy of the H-coil. Clin 8. Neurophysiol. 116 (4), 775-779 (2005). 9. Zangen, A., Roth, Y., Voller, B., & Hallett, M. Transcranial magnetic stimulation of deep brain regions: evidence for efficacy of the H-coil. Clin 10. Neurophysiol. 116 (4), 775-779 (2005). 11. 4. Zangen, A., Roth, Y., Voller, B., & Hallett, M. Transcranial magnetic stimulation of deep brain regions: evidence for efficacy of the H-coil. Clin 12. Neurophysiol. 116 (4), 775-779 (2005
“THE EFFICACY OF rTMS WITH PSYCHOTHERAPY, SLEEP MODIFICATIONS & EXERCISE.”$$$ (There was no funding for this study) Background: The objective was to measure whether repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) augmented with psychotherapy, sleep modifications & increased exercise would improve clinical outcomes – when compared to rTMS as a sole treatment modality for patients with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). Methods: Forty-three (43) patients (10 male, 33 female), aged 18-65 years of age, with MDD, severe, recurrent without psychotic features were studied retrospectively in a meta-analysis. Patients underwent 36 rTMS treatments NeuroStar ™ Advanced Therapy on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (120% MT, 5-10Hz in sequences of 40 pulse per 4 seconds with 11 second intervals for 18:45 minutes resulting in a total of 3000 pulses). Treatment occurred 5 times weekly for 6 weeks, and tapering treatments down to 3 treatments on week 7, 2 on week 8, and 1 on week 9. Patients underwent once weekly, skills-based Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and Dialectal Behavioral Therapy (DBT), were monitored via clinic provided fitness trackers and the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) was administered prior to each treatment, 3 weeks after completing TMS and 3 months after treatment. Results: Of the 43 patients treated (10 male, 33 female), 100% of participants completed the full course of 36 treatments. The participants showed greater symptom reductions compared to national averages. The PHQ-9 scale elicits a response defined as reduction of 50% from baseline and remission below 5. This study resulted in a response rate of 89.2% with a remission rate of 68%. NeuroStar Advanced Therapy shows national data response rates at 64% and remission rates at 33%. This data reflects the scales during, post, 3 weeks and 3 months after treatment. Conclusions: The addition of psychotherapy, exercise and sleep modifications to rTMS for MDD showed significant symptom reduction, eliciting a higher response and remission rate compared to rTMS alone. There was no randomization of groups however symptom reduction was measured against national response rates where rTMS was utilized alone. These promising initial findings suggest further investigation is warranted.
Audio-Guided Mindfulness Meditation During TMS Sessions for the Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD): A Feasibility Pilot Study$$$ Background: Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy (MBCT) has been shown to enhance long-term treatment outcomes for MDD, and engagement of specific brain activities during brain stimulation may produce synergistic effects. Audio-guided meditation exercises are a component of MBCT that might be combined with standard TMS therapy sessions. We developed and pilot-tested a modified MBCT protocol for MDD patients undergoing a standard course of TMS. Methods: Four MBCT audiotapes were selected with differing durations and types of mental focus. Patients listened to the audiotapes through headphones during daily TMS sessions for 5 consecutive weeks. The primary goal was to evaluate feasibility/acceptability of the intervention. Changes in self-rated measures of symptom severity, stress, life satisfaction and mindfulness were also assessed. Results: 52 consecutively treated patients at 2 sites were invited. Of the 29 consented, 17 completed the study and 12 terminated early. Reasons included negative reactions associated with combined approach (n=7), lack of interest in track content (n=2), difficulty with hearing (n=1), early TMS termination (n=1), and concerns for falling asleep (n=1). TMS percussive sensations and clicking sounds hindered patients’ ability to fully concentrate or clearly hear the audiotape narrator’s voice. Some became overwhelmed or felt increased pressure, anxiety, or aggravation trying to do meditation exercises while receiving TMS. Conclusion: There is a growing interest in combining TMS with other concurrent interventions to optimize outcomes. Our results highlight numerous feasibility issues with meditation via guided audiotapes during daily TMS. Revised protocols and randomized trials are needed to further develop this intervention.
Preliminary characteristic of 45 patient of the study placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind clinical trial to assess the safety and efficacy of using Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (EMTp) in smoking cessation.$$$ BACKGROUND: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a non invasive technique to modulate neuronal activity. TMS and Deep TMS are promising tools to treat nicotine addiction. This study aims to evaluate the efficacy/safety of dTMS on smoking cessation. OBJECTIVE: Preliminary descriptive analysis. METHODS: Inclusion criteria: to smoke more than 10 cigarettes/day, over 1 year with no interruption above 3months; both gender; aged between 22-70 years. Exclusion criteria: psychiatric disorders other than depression and/or anxiety (HAM-D<15, HAM-A<25); Mini Mental Status Exam (MMSE) score < 24; TMS safety concerns (ex. pacemakers); Motor Threshold above 83. Sample: 100 patients. Design: 15 daily/sessions + 6 sessions, over 12 weeks. TMS Parameters: 10HZ, 3 sec on, 15 seconds off, 1,800 pulses/session, targeting bilaterally PFC and Insula, H-ADD coil. Tobacco provocation cues just before the session. RESULTS: At screening phases, 445 patients were evaluated; 28,5% gave up participating; 61,3% were excluded by study criteria. 54 patients were eligible (10.1%), therefore 9 screening failure. Randomized group had 45 patients to receive intervention: active dTMS or sham. 8 patients stopped smoking (18.2%). None of them had weight gain. Drop out rate were 31.8%. 22 patients completed the 21 sessions without successful stopping smoking (50 % of randomized group) The demographic characteristics showed: • 22,2 men x 77,8 women • 98% with high school completed • 77,8% actively working, 15,5% retired, 6,7% unemployed • Age statistical average of 46 years There was no statistically significant difference in the HAM-D and HAM-A scales between the groups (success or not). The final means indicate values within the normal range on both scales. DISCUSSION: Since smoking is highly comorbid it has been extremely difficult to find an eligible sample for this type of controlled study. Besides this, high dropout rate may reflect the attrition of the smokers what is well known in literature. It may also be linked to the availability of candidates to fulfill 21 treatment visits plus 3 neuro-psychologic evaluation visits. The weight gain is an important aspect of all smoking treatment and also more expressive in those who try to stop smoking spontaneously. Thus, it is very interesting to find no weight gain during the cessation process over all 8 successful patients; however we cannot yet associate it definitely with the method because the study is still blind.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Neuropathic Pain: Treating Comorbid Pain and Depression Pilot Study$$$ Authors of poster and their CONFLICTS of interest: Dr. Bermudes was the founder, board member and paid Chief Medical Officer in TMS Health Solutions LLC. He has significant financial holdings in the company. He is a board member and past President of the Clinical TMS Society and received royalty from American Psychiatric Publishing Inc. Dr. Kuluva is a paid consultant for Sunovion Pharmaceuticals Speakers’ Bureau. Dr. Kuluva is Medical Director of TMS Neurology at TMS Health Solutions LLC. Intro: Major Depressive Disorder and Chronic Pain are often comorbid Authors have created the terms “Depression-Pain Syndrome” or “Depression-Pain Dyad” (1,2). The conditions are linked biologically, psychologically and socially (3,4,5). There have been multiple studies that show benefit of TMS in chronic pain (6). Our study looked at using TMS to treat patients with comorbid pain and depression. Methods: After performing a literature review, we designed a protocol targeting both M1 and the L-DLPFC in patients who have comorbid pain and depression. We stimulated each patient for 25 to 36 sessions with a protocol of 90 % of MT, 5Hz, 4 second trains for a total of 1000 pulses over M1 followed by high frequency L-DLPFC treatment. 120% of MT, 10 Hz, 15 second ITI for a total of 3000 pulses. To assess efficacy of treatment, we administered daily Visual Analogue Scale’s and weekly PHQ’s. The primary endpoints were change in VAS and PHQ. Results: On average, we saw a 44% reduction in VAS after 25 sessions and 56% reduction after 36 sessions. Patients also had a >50% reduction in depressive symptoms as measured by their PHQ. Conclusion: The pilot verified our hypothesis that treating both locations for a more prolonged course can be an effective means of treating comorbid pain and depression. We acknowledge that there were limitations to our pilot program: this was not a controlled trial, the nature of the pain was heterogenous and there was no randomization. However, this does represent a real-world study of patients that present for treatment of depression to a community clinic. Further well-controlled randomized studies would be of benefit to validate the use of TMS when MDD is comorbid with chronic pain. REFERENCES: 1. Lindsay PG, Wyckoff M. The depression-pain syndrome and its response to antidepressants. Psychosomatics. Jul 1981;22(7):571-573, 576-577. 2. Bair MJ, Robinson RL, Katon W, Kroenke K. Depression and pain comorbidity: a literature review. Arch Intern Med. Nov 10 2003;163(20):2433-2445. 3. Von Korff M, Dworkin SF, Le Resche L, Kruger A. An epidemiologic comparison of pain complaints. Pain. Feb 1988;32(2):173-183. 4. Han C, Pae CU. Pain and depression: a neurobiological perspective of their relationship. Psychiatry Investig. Jan 2015;12(1):1-8. 5. Lieberman MD, Eisenberger NI. The dorsal anterior cingulate cortex is selective for pain: Results from large-scale reverse inference. Proc Natl Acad Sci U S A. Dec 8 2015;112(49):15250-15255. 6. Leung A, Metzger-Smith V, He Y, et al. Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex rTMS in Alleviating MTBI Related Headaches and Depressive Symptoms. Neuromodulation. May 30 2017.
Elderly TMS Response and Duration: A 6 Month Study$$$ Background: This study used 15 patients having an age > 65 years and compared them to an equal number <65 years old randomly selected out of a group of 50 patients receiving TMS. They were followed over a 6 month period. The average age of the elderly patients was 70. Design/Methods: Using the Brainsway dTMS system the patients received on average 30.5 treatments over the left DLPFC up to 120%MT, while following the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), and the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) at start of treatment, end of treatment, 3 and 6 months following the completion of treatment. Results: Analyzing paired t-tests from start to end of treatment, the elderly had improvement on the PHQ-9 (p<.001) and BDI (<.001) scales, but not on either sleep scale (ISI p=.54 PSQI p=.23). Those <65 had statistically significant decreases on all scales (PHQ-9 p<.001, BDI p<.001, ISI p=.005, PSQI p=.004). In the elderly, the mean initial PHQ-9 score was 15.2 which decreased to 9.33 by the end of treatment, then was 10.7 at 3 months and 10.88 at 6 months. The initial mean BDI score was 28.2 which decreased to 13.87 by the end of treatment then 18 at 3 months, and 17.5 at 6 months. Three of the 15 elderly had booster sessions, averaging an addition of 14.6 treatments. Conclusions: This study documented improvement using TMS on mood (but not insomnia) scales in the elderly, with some increase in symptoms over a 6 month period. Conflict of Interest **No support was given for this study. The authors have no conflict of interest to report
Outcomes of Standard rTMS Treatment Compared to Theta Burst Protocol for Major Depressive Disorder in a Naturalistic Setting$$$ Background: Based on the finding of non-inferiority in a single large clinical trial, the FDA in 2018 cleared the MagVita (MV) device for the use of Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) in the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). This study examines the effectiveness of iTBS compared to standard rTMS (TMS) in the naturalistic setting of a community-based practice. Methods: This non-random, unblinded, retrospective review involved 786 patients with treatment-resistant MDD. 699 patients were treated with TMS to the L-DLPFC utilizing generally accepted protocols: NeuroStar (10 Hz, 3-5K pulses/treatment (PPT)), Brainsway (18 Hz, 1.98-2.7K PPT) and MagVita (10 Hz, 3-5K PPT). 87 patients were treated with iTBS on the MV device (50 Hz, 0.6-2.4K PPT), usually combined with R-DLPFC (1 Hz, 1.2 K PPT). iTBS was used for one of the following indications: intolerance of TMS, lack of response to TMS, emerging activation/anxiety with TMS or concern about induction of mania. Patients generally received a total of 30-36 sessions. Progress was tracked using the PHQ-9 and MADRS; response categories are based on generally-accepted standards. Results: Results of TMS vs iTBS, respectively, are as follows: Remission: 36% vs 24%; Full Response: 28% vs 29%; Partial Response: 17% vs 27%; Non-response: 13% vs 18%; Withdrawal: 6% vs 2%. Conclusions: The overall response rate (Remission plus Full plus Partial Response) of TMS vs iTBS was respectively 81% vs 79%, generally verifying the non-inferiority of iTBS. TMS was substantially superior to iTBS in rate of Remission but equivalent in rate of Full Response. This study is naturalistic and severely limited due to non-random, unblinded patient selection, retrospective review and the use of multiple protocols. A full statistical analysis was beyond the scope of this study. Conflicts of Interest: None to Report Funding: No external funding or other support was received.
Effectiveness of multiple rTMS treatments per day for Depressive Disorder at Living Mind, UK$$$ Background: The objective was to test whether multiple treatments of rTMS for Depressive Disorder can be administered safely within one day (2-3 treatments a day), 2-3 days a week instead of 5 days a week without losing effectiveness of rTMS. This would potentially be more convenient for the patients as compared to patients having to travel 5 days per week to the clinic. Methods: 23 patients completed 30 rTMS treatments over 6 weeks. 5 treatments over 2-3 days a week were delivered. HAM-D scores (17 item) were taken at the baseline and at the end of 6 weeks. The excitatory protocol (10Hz, 40ppt, 75 trains, iti 11secs)) was used targeting left DLPFC with 120% of resting motor threshold as treatment intensity. The side effects were also monitored throughout six-week period. Results: Of the 23 patients, 13 were male and 10 were female. The mean age was 36. Pre-rTMS HAM-D mean score was 23 and after 6 weeks, the mean HAM-D score became 7.9. The mean difference in HAM-D score was 15.8. The paired t-test was carried out to compare the pre and post-rTMS severity of Depression of the entire cohort of 23 patients. The p value was less than 0.0001 suggesting statistically significant drop in HAM-D scores after 6 weeks of rTMS in this cohort using multiple treatments per day. 17 patients reported side effects: mild headache and tiredness not affecting their daily lives. Conclusions: Multiple treatments i.e. 2-3 treatments a day (5 treatments, 2-3 days/week over 6 weeks) of rTMS is feasible, tolerable and effective in treating Depressive disorder. This needs to be studied in randomised controlled trials with bigger sample size to determine if it would give results similar to the standard rTMS protocols (1 treatment /day, 5 days per week for 6 weeks). Conflicts of Interest: None to report. All the authors work at Living Mind, UK. Funding: None received.
Comparison of Naturalistic Treatment Outcomes with the Standard 38-Minute Protocol vs. Shortened (“Dash”) Protocol: A NeuroStar® Registry Database Study$$$ Background: Optimized Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) protocols for major depressive disorder (MDD) are needed to improve patient convenience and access. The FDA-approved NeuroStar protocol initially required 38 minutes per session (based on 4-second trains and 26-second inter-train-intervals (ITIs)). In 2017, a new (“Dash”) protocol with shorter (11- to 25-second) ITIs was approved, reducing total session times to as short as 19 minutes. We compared naturalistic treatment outcomes for Standard and Shortened “Dash” TMS protocols. Methods: NeuroStar registry data from 103 practice sites represent 7,759 patients. N=5,010 selected for this analysis (intent-to-treat (ITT) sample) had primary MDD diagnoses, age ≥18, baseline PHQ-9 ≥10, and at least one PHQ-9 assessment after treatments began. N=613 received Standard protocol TMS and n=1,493 were treated with Dash. “Completers” (N=3,814) were those who received ≥20 sessions and had a PHQ-9 at end of their acute course. Results: Overall response rate was 57.7% (65.0% for completers) and remission (PHQ-9<5) rate 27.9% (31.7% for completers). No difference was detected between Standard and Dash protocols in longitudinal, mixed-model analyses of PHQ-9 scores. Logistic regression models with/without covariates (e.g., age, motor threshold) did not reveal an effect of protocol on response or remission. PHQ-9 improvement and number of treatments administered were equivalent for both protocols. Conclusions: These large TMS registry outcomes are consistent with other naturalistic data. No efficacy differences were found between Standard and Dash protocols, providing support for use of the quicker protocol in standard clinical practice. Limitations include lack of randomized assignment to protocol group. This study was supported by Neuronetics Inc.
Neuronavigation Guided rTMS in Alleviating Gulf War Illness Symptoms$$$ Background: Gulf War Illnesses(GWI) is a chronic multisymptomatic illness that includes pain and headaches. Unfortunately, there is no standard treatment available to relieve these debilitating symptoms. Objective: This study compares the effect of active repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with sham treatment in reducing GWI-related symptoms. Methods: 40 veterans with GWI were randomized to receive four induction sessions of either active(n=19) or sham(n=21) rTMS at >24 but <72 hours apart and an additional one-month maintenance session at the left motor cortex(10 Hz with 2000 pulses at 80% of resting motor threshold). Pain, headache, GWI-related symptoms and neuropsychological functions were assessed at pre-treatment, post-treatment one-week, one-month, and two-month visits. Results: Mixed effect ANOVA indicated significant 2-factor(TreatmentxVisit) interactions in New Clinical Fibromyalgia Diagnostic Criteria Muscle Widespread Pain Index(NCF-Muscle-WPI)(F=5.706, P=0.022) and Headache Impact Test Concentration(HIT-6-Con) score(F=12.194, P=0.001) with the active group showing significant improvements of HIT-6-Con and NCF-Muscle-WPI scores(±SD) from pre-treatment scores of 10.27(±1.58) and 8.45(±4.65) to post-treatment two-month scores of 8.89(±1.76) and 7.00(±3.85) respectively while the sham group showed no significant or worsening changes. The active group also showed a significant(P<0.02) improvement with Flanders Fatigue Scale score(±SD) at two-month post-treatment visits(from 17.86(±5.91) to 12.11(±5.98)) and trends of improvement in depressive symptoms and daily headache duration, intensity, and level of interference compared to sham. Conclusion: rTMS was shown to reduce GWI related symptoms in this small randomized study. A larger study will be needed to further determine the long-term validity of the treatment for GWI. Conflict of Interests: None to Report. Funding: This work was supported by the Department of Defense Grant W81XWH-16-1-0754.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Pain, Headache and co-morbid depression: INS-NANS Expert Consensus Panel Review and Recommendation$$$ Background: Persistent Post-Traumatic Brain Injury (PTBI) Related Headache (PTBI-HA) is one of the most common debilitating chronic pain conditions in patients after a mild/moderate traumatic brain injury. Unfortunately, conventional pharmacological treatments for PTBI-HA have not been shown to be effective. Under the guidance of a steering committee composed of International Neuromodulation Society (INS) and the North American Neuromodulation Society (NANS) leadership, this expert panel provided TMS treatment recommendations for the PTBI-HA. Methods: Individual studies were first rated by the guideline established by American Academy of Neurology Classification of Evidence for Therapeutic Studies. The overall clinical evidence was then rated based on Type of Study Design and Level of Certainty, and recommendation was provided based on the US Preventive Service Task Force (USPSTF) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) criteria. Based on the existing clinical outcome evidence for the short-term efficacy (1-2 month) in alleviating PTBI-HA symptoms, the majority of the task group members rated the Study Design as I (Randomized Controlled Trials) for TMS at M1 or left LDLPFC, Level of Certainty in Evidence as High for PTBI-HA. Results/Conclusions: The task group also rated USPSTF recommendation as A (Extremely Recommendable) and CDC recommendation as IA (Strongly Recommended) for the clinical implementation of the rTMS at either M1 or left LDLPFC for mild PTBI-HA with the latter being considered as alternate treatment location for patients with PTBI-HA and co-morbid severe depression.
Combination therapy with transcranial magnetic stimulation and ketamine for treatment-resistant depression: A long-term retrospe$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is a safe, effective and non-invasive treatment for many psychiatric illnesses, including treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Ketamine, an NMDA receptor antagonist, is also an effective antidepressant. This retrospective review examined the clinical benefits of combining these two established treatments for patients suffering from TRD in a novel approach coined combination TMS with ketamine (CTK). Methods: A group of 28 adult patients with a primary diagnosis of unipolar (n=18) or bipolar (n=10) depression received three CTK treatments a week at a private neuropsychiatric practice. Patients were given a concurrent treatment of rTMS (1Hz; 40 minutes; 130% of motor threshold) with bio-marker-determined IV ketamine infusions (0.2-4.7 mg/kg; 30 minutes). The TMS coil was positioned on the mid-prefrontal area. Frequency of treatment was dependent on patient responsiveness (10-30 sessions), which was measured as symptom reduction on the Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scale. CGI data was evaluated pre-treatment, post-treatment and at two-year follow-up. Results: Mean reduction in CGI severity for the patient group following CTK was 4.46 ± 0.54 at a 99% confidence interval and was deemed statistically significant using a paired t-test (α=0.01, t=22.81 p < 0.0001). This significant reduction in CGI severity was sustained for at least 2 years following treatment completion. Conclusions: Despite years of unsuccessful treatments, all 28 patients in this trial obtained substantial and enduring reductions in their depressive symptoms following CTK therapy. Further research into method optimization and randomized controlled trials are warranted.
Theta Burst but Not Standard Stimulation Resulting in Treatment Emergent Affective Switching (TEAS): An Inter-Subject Case-Control Series of Two Patients$$$ Background: TBS has been shown to be non-inferior to standard TMS (1). In a 2011 review of over 4,500 there were no reported manic or hypomanic episodes (2). Recent case reports show TEAS can occur with TBS (3,4). Here, I report on two patients that had prior standard TMS without TEAS, but developed TEAS with the use of TBS. Case 1: The pt was a 50 yo woman with recurrent MDD who had standard TMS with good results in 2014 and 2016. In 2019 she was treated with intermittent TBS using a MagPro R30 Cool-B70 at 120% MT totaling 600 pulses. After her third treatment she reported increased energy and improved mood. After her fourth treatment she felt “wired”. After her fifth treatment her husband called to report increased energy, little need for sleep, mood lability, and excessive cleaning. TMS was discontinued. At two weeks follow up she reported euthymic mood. Case 2: The patient was a 63 yo woman with Bipolar type II who had a successful course of standard TMS in 2018. in Dec 2019, she received intermittent TBS 750 p over the LDLPFC and 600 p of continuous TBS over the RDLPFC. After 18 treatments at five days a week, she developed irritability, increased sleep difficulties, “agitation”, and motor restlessness. Treatments were reduced to two days a week for the next three weeks with levelling of mood. Discussion: As TBS becomes more popular rare side effects such as TEAS may become more apparent. Conflicts of Interests: None to Report Funding: None to Report References: 1. Blumberger DM, Vila-Rodriguez F, Thorpe KE, et al. Effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (THREE-D): a randomised non-inferiority trial. Lancet. 2018; 391(10131):1683-1692. 2. Oberman L1, Edwards D, Eldaief M, Pascual-Leone A. Safety of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation: a systematic review of the literature. J Clin Neurophysiol. 2011 Feb;28(1):67-74. 3. Garg S, Agarwal R, Tikka SK, Khattri S. Treatment emergent affective switch with intermittent theta burst stimulation over right temporo-parietal junction: A case report. Brain Stimul. 2020 Jan - Feb;13(1):275-276. 4. S.S. Shere et al. Treatment emergent affective switch in depression: A possible role of theta burst stimulation. Brain Stimul. 2020 Mar - Apr;13(2):492-493.
Efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation on cognitive functioning in brain disorders: a meta-analysis$$$ BACKGROUND: Cognition is commonly affected in brain disorders. Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) may have procognitive effects, with high tolerability. This meta-analysis evaluates the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in improving cognition, in schizophrenia, depression, dementia, Parkinson's disease, stroke, traumatic brain injury, and multiple sclerosis. METHODS: A PRISMA systematic search was conducted for randomized controlled trials. Hedges' g was used to quantify effect sizes (ES) for changes in cognition after TMS/tDCS v. sham. As different cognitive functions may have unequal susceptibility to TMS/tDCS, we separately evaluated the effects on: attention/vigilance, working memory, executive functioning, processing speed, verbal fluency, verbal learning, and social cognition. RESULTS: We included 82 studies (n = 2784). For working memory, both TMS (ES = 0.17, p = 0.015) and tDCS (ES = 0.17, p = 0.021) showed small but significant effects. Age positively moderated the effect of TMS. TDCS was superior to sham for attention/vigilance (ES = 0.20, p = 0.020). These significant effects did not differ across the type of brain disorder. Results were not significant for the other five cognitive domains. CONCLUSIONS: Our results revealed that both TMS and tDCS elicit a small trans-diagnostic effect on working memory, tDCS also improved attention/vigilance across diagnoses. Effects on the other domains were not significant. Observed ES were small, yet even slight cognitive improvements may facilitate daily functioning. While NIBS can be a well-tolerated treatment, its effects appear domain specific and should be applied only for realistic indications (i.e. to induce a small improvement in working memory or attention).
Comparison of Rapid Antidepressant and Antisuicidal Effects of Intramuscular Ketamine, Oral Ketamine, and Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients with Major Depressive Disorder: A Pilot Study$$$ Purpose/Background This study was devised to compare the antidepressant and antisuicidal effects of oral and intramuscular (IM) ketamine versus electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods/Procedures In our pilot study, 45 patients with major depressive disorder (based on Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition, criteria) in the age range of 18 to 70 years who were determined suitable candidates for ECT got randomly divided into 3 equal groups. Each group received one of these treatment modalities: 0.5 mg/kg of IM ketamine; 1 mg/kg of oral ketamine; and ECT in 6 to 9 sessions during 3 weeks. Depression and suicidal ideation scores were recorded using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the Beck Scale for Suicidal Ideation, respectively, at baseline, 24 hours, 1 week, 2 weeks, and 3 weeks within the intervention. The measurements were repeated 1 week and 1 month after the end of the intervention as well. Vital signs and adverse effects were noted. Finally, satisfaction levels of patients for each method were recorded and compared between groups. Findings/Results The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the Beck Scale for Suicidal Ideation scores significantly improved in all groups compared with baseline with no significant differences between the 3 groups. The adverse effects for ketamine-consuming groups such as dissociative symptoms were brief and transient, whereas memory loss for the ECT group remained up to 1 month in some patients. Ketamine-receiving groups preferred it more than ECT. Implications/Conclusions Oral and IM ketamine probably have equal antidepressant in addition to more antisuicidal effects compared with ECT but had less cognitive adverse effects and higher preference by patients. Thereby, ketamine can be an alternative method in the treatment of patients with severe and/or suicidal MDD.
Customizing TMS applications in traumatic brain injury using neuroimaging$$$ Optimizing transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatments in traumatic brain injury (TBI) and co-occurring conditions may benefit from neuroimaging-based customization. Participants: Our total sample (N = 97) included 58 individuals with TBI (49 mild, 8 moderate, and 1 severe in a state of disordered consciousness), of which 24 had co-occurring conditions (depression in 14 and alcohol use disorder in 10). Of those without TBI, 6 individuals had alcohol use disorder and 33 were healthy controls. Of our total sample, 54 were veterans and 43 were civilians. Design: Proof-of-concept study incorporating data from 5 analyses/studies that used multimodal approaches to integrate neuroimaging with TMS. Main Measures: Multimodal neuroimaging methods including structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), MRI-guided TMS navigation, functional MRI, diffusion MRI, and TMS-induced electric fields. Outcomes included symptom scales, neuropsychological tests, and physiological measures. Results: It is feasible to use multimodal neuroimaging data to customize TMS targets and understand brain-based changes in targeted networks among people with TBI. Conclusions: TBI is an anatomically heterogeneous disorder. Preliminary evidence from the 5 studies suggests that using multimodal neuroimaging approaches to customize TMS treatment is feasible. To test whether this will lead to increased clinical efficacy, studies that integrate neuroimaging and TMS targeting data with outcomes are needed.
Effects of the trinity hospice care model on pain relief and compliance in advanced elderly cancer patients$$$ Objectives: Stroke is a cerebrovascular accident caused by various reasons. The mortality rate of cerebrovascular diseases ranks second in the world. This study mainly explored the application of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the precise treatment of patients with hemiplegia in cerebral anterior cerebral infarction and its effect on surface electromyography (EMG). Methods: 136 patients with anterior cerebral circulation and hemiplegia were selected as subjects from March 2019 to February 2020. These patients were divided into a control group (n = 68 cases) and an observation group (n = 68 cases) using a random number table method. The control group received conventional rehabilitation treatment, and the observation group combined with transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment based on the control group. Both groups completed 3 months of treatment. The surface electromyography level, the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS), Fugl-Meyer Motor Function Assessment (FMA), daily life activity (ADL), Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) and treatment prognosis was observed in the two groups. Results: After 3 months of treatment in the observation group, the surface EMG, RMS and MDF levels were higher than the control group (P < 0.05). Meanwhile, the FMA and ADL scores in the observation group were higher than the control group (P < 0.05). The scores of NIHSS, HAMD and HAMA were lower than those of the control group (P < 0.05). In addition, the mortality of the two groups was not statistically significant after 1 month of treatment (P > 0.05). And the number of complete or partial self-care ability patients in the observation group after 3 months of treatment was higher than the control group (P < 0.05). However, the mortality rate of 3 months of treatment was lower than the control group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: The use of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the precise treatment of patients with anterior cerebral circulation and hemiplegia can improve the electromyogram level of patient muscle surface, improve the ability of patient's exercise and daily activities, and can obtain good prognosis.
Effects of tms on eating behavior and weight loss in weight regain patients after bariatric surgery$$$ Background: Bariatric surgery (BS) is the most effective treatment for severe obesity. However, there are patients who present inadequate weight loss or weight regain in the postoperative period in whichmedications cannot guarantee their success. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a well-tolerated and safe alternative therapy which acts in the orexigenic and anorexigenic pathways. Our primary objective was evaluating if rTMS improve patients behavior and weight loss or maintenance in obese patients with weight regain after BS. Methods: We recruited 21 patients who underwent BS presenting inadequate weight loss or weight regain. They were randomly randomized into 2 groups. The intervention group performed rTMS sections at dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 3 months. The induction phase was carried out for 4 weeks, in which they received 2 sections per week. In the maintenance phase, a once-a-week stimulation was performed for 8 weeks. The control group underwent to the same protocol, but with 10% of the stimuli at midline cortex. Patients, evaluators and statistician were blindfolded. All patients were asked to answer: Yale Food Addiction Scale Adult Version, Binge Eating Scale, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, Barratt Impulsiveness Scale and were evaluated according to anthropometric measures, bioimpedance and biochemicals laboratory exams (triglycerides, cholesterol, glycemia, insulin, microalbuminuria, glycated hemoglobin and uric acid) before induction phase (T0), maintenance phase (T1) and in the end of them (T2). Results: Both groups were homogeneous among themselves in respect to all the variables. rTMS improved binge, food addiction and depression over T1 and T2 with no weight gain in the intervention group compared to placebo. Patients who had improved food addiction lost weight and improved insulin resistance (IR) Conclusions: rTMS has proved to be a good treatment for eating disorders such as binge, food addiction and depression which may help improving weight loss and IR.
Case Report of Dual-Site Neurostimulation and Chronic Recording of Cortico-Striatal Circuitry in a Patient With Treatment Refractory Obsessive Compulsive Disorder$$$ Psychiatric disorders are increasingly understood as dysfunctions of hyper- or hypoconnectivity in distributed brain circuits. A prototypical example is obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), which has been repeatedly linked to hyper-connectivity of cortico-striatal-thalamo-cortical (CSTC) loops. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) and lesions of CSTC structures have shown promise for treating both OCD and related disorders involving over-expression of automatic/habitual behaviors. Physiologically, we propose that this CSTC hyper-connectivity may be reflected in high synchrony of neural firing between loop structures, which could be measured as coherent oscillations in the local field potential (LFP). Here we report the results from the pilot patient in an Early Feasibility study (https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03184454) in which we use the Medtronic Activa PC+ S device to simultaneously record and stimulate in the supplementary motor area (SMA) and ventral capsule/ventral striatum (VC/VS). We hypothesized that frequency-mismatched stimulation should disrupt coherence and reduce compulsive symptoms. The patient reported subjective improvement in OCD symptoms and showed evidence of improved cognitive control with the addition of cortical stimulation, but these changes were not reflected in primary rating scales specific to OCD and depression, or during blinded cortical stimulation. This subjective improvement was correlated with increased SMA and VC/VS coherence in the alpha, beta, and gamma bands, signals which persisted after correcting for stimulation artifacts. We discuss the implications of this research, and propose future directions for research in network modulation in OCD and more broadly across psychiatric disorders.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation-Induced Plasticity Mechanisms: TMS-Related Gene Expression and Morphology Changes in a Human Neuron-Like Cell Model$$$ Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a form of non-invasive brain stimulation, used to alter cortical excitability both in research and clinical applications. The intermittent and continuous Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS and cTBS) protocols have been shown to induce opposite after-effects on human cortex excitability. Animal studies have implicated synaptic plasticity mechanisms long-term potentiation (LTP, for iTBS) and depression (LTD, for cTBS). However, the neural basis of TMS effects has not yet been studied in human neuronal cells, in particular at the level of gene expression and synaptogenesis. To investigate responses to TBS in living human neurons, we differentiated human SH-SY5Y cells toward a mature neural phenotype, and stimulated them with iTBS, cTBS, or sham (placebo) TBS. Changes in (a) mRNA expression of a set of target genes (previously associated with synaptic plasticity), and (b) morphological parameters of neurite outgrowth following TBS were quantified. We found no general effects of stimulation condition or time on gene expression, though we did observe a significantly enhanced expression of plasticity genes NTRK2 and MAPK9 24 h after iTBS as compared to sham TBS. This specific effect provides unique support for the widely assumed plasticity mechanisms underlying iTBS effects on human cortex excitability. In addition to this protocol-specific increase in plasticity gene expression 24 h after iTBS stimulation, we establish the feasibility of stimulating living human neuron with TBS, and the importance of moving to more complex human in vitro models to understand the underlying plasticity mechanisms of TBS stimulation.
Neuroimaging in the effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for patient with depression: A protocol for a coordinate-based meta-Analysis$$$ Introduction As a prevalent psychiatric disease, depression is a life-Threatening mental disorder that may cause work disability and premature death. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation procedure, which has been reported to have a significant effect on antidepressant treatment in recent years. However, the parameters of TMS for depression that can produce the best clinical benefits remain unknown. In the present study, we will evaluate the effect of TMS treatment for depression from the perspective of functional neuroimaging by performing a meta-Analysis based on included studies. Methods and analysis Two independent reviewers will search published studies in the following five databases: PubMed, Web of Science, Embase, China National Knowledge Infrastructure and WANGFANG DATA from inception to 1 June 2020. Then we will select studies according to predesigned inclusion and exclusion criteria. After extracting data from included studies, activation likelihood estimation will be applied to data synthesis. Any disagreement will be checked by the third reviewer who will also make the final decision. Ethics and dissemination This work does not require ethics approval as it will be based on published studies. This review will be published in peer-reviewed journals. PROSPERO registration number CRD42020165436.
Treating Post-traumatic Stress Disorder with Neuromodulation Therapies: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation, and Deep Brain Stimulation$$$ Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a prevalent and debilitating illness. While standard treatment with pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy may be effective, approximately 20 to 30% of patients remain symptomatic. These individuals experience depression, anxiety, and elevated rates of suicide. For treatment-resistant patients, there is a growing interest in the use of neuromodulation therapies, including transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), and deep brain stimulation (DBS). We conducted a systematic review on the use of neuromodulation strategies for PTSD and pooled 13 randomized clinical trials (RCTs), 11 case series, and 6 case reports for analysis. Overall, most studies reported favorable outcomes in alleviating both PTSD and depressive symptoms. Although several RCTs described significant differences when active and sham stimulations were compared, others found marginal or nonsignificant differences between groups. Also positive were studies comparing PTSD symptoms before and after treatment. The side effect profile with all 3 modalities was found to be low, with mostly mild adverse events being reported. Despite these encouraging data, several aspects remain unknown. Given that PTSD is a highly heterogeneous condition that can be accompanied by distinct psychiatric diagnoses, defining a unique treatment for this patient population can be quite challenging. There has also been considerable variation across trials regarding stimulation parameters, symptomatic response, and the role of adjunctive psychotherapy. Future studies are needed to address these issues.
Neuronavigation-Guided rTMS for the Treatment of Depressive Patients With Suicidal Ideation: A Double-Blind, Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ During the last decade, the problem of suicide has become more serious in individuals with depression. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). This study aims to investigate the efficacy of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)-based neuronavigation-guided daily high-dose rTMS for rapidly improving suicidal ideation in treatment-naive patients with MDD. In the present 1-week double-blind study, 42 treatment-naive patients with MDD with suicidal ideation were randomly assigned to the treatment of escitalopram oxalate tablets (10 mg/d) in combination with either active (n = 21) or sham (n = 21) rTMS. The TMS coil was positioned over a specified target location (−44, 40, and 29) in left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex based on MRI data. The severity of suicidal ideation was measured by the Beck Scale for Suicide Ideation (BSI). The 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) and Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) were utilized to assess the severity of depression. The Wisconsin Card Sorting Test, Continuous Performance Test, and Stroop Color–Word Test were adopted to assess executive function. In contrast to the sham group, the active rTMS group showed a significantly greater BSI score reduction at the third day and the seventh day (P < 0.001). Moreover, the active rTMS group showed a significantly greater HAMD (P < 0.001) and MADRS (P < 0.001) score reduction at the seventh day in comparison to the sham group. The present findings suggested that the neuronavigation-guided high-dose rTMS may be a novel method to rapidly reduce suicidal ideation and mitigate depressive symptoms.
No efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation on chronic migraine with medication overuse: A double blind, randomised clinical trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation was suggested to provide beneficial effects in chronic migraine, a condition often associated with medication overuse for which no long-term therapy is available. Methods: We conducted a randomised controlled trial to assess long-term efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation. Adults diagnosed with chronic migraine and medication overuse were assigned to receive in a 1:1:1 ratio anodal, cathodal, or sham transcranial direct current stimulation daily for five consecutive days, along with standardised drug withdrawal protocol. Primary outcome was 50% reduction of days of headache per month at 12 months. Co-secondary outcomes were 50% reduction of days of headache per month at 6 months, reduction of analgesic intake per month, and change in disability and quality of life, catastrophising, depression, state and trait anxiety, dependence attitude and allodynia intensity. Patients were not allowed to take any migraine prophylaxis drug for the entire study period. Results: We randomly allocated 135 patients to anodal (44), cathodal (45), and sham (46) transcranial direct current stimulation. At 6 and 12 months, the percentage of reduction of days of headache and number of analgesics per month ranged between 48.5% and 64.7%, without differences between transcranial direct current stimulation (cathodal, anodal, or the results obtained from the two arms of treatment, anodal plus cathodal) and sham. Catastrophising attitude significantly reduced at 12 months in all groups. There was no difference for the other secondary outcomes. Conclusions: Transcranial direct current stimulation did not influence the short and long-term course of chronic migraine with medication overuse after acute drug withdrawal. Behavioral and educational measures and support for patients’ pain management could provide long-term improvement and low relapse rate. Trial registration number NCT04228809
The influence of recreational substance use in tms research$$$ (1) Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) approaches are widely used to study cortical and corticospinal function. However, responses to TMS are subject to significant intra-and inter-individual variability. Acute and chronic exposure to recreational substances alters the excitability of the sensorimotor system and may contribute to the variability in TMS outcome measures. The increasing prevalence of recreational substance use poses a significant challenge for executing TMS studies, but there is a lack of clarity regarding the influence of these substances on sensorimotor function. (2) Methods: The literature investigating the influence of alcohol, nicotine, caffeine and cannabis on TMS outcome measures of corticospinal, intracortical and interhemispheric excitability was reviewed. (3) Results: Both acute and chronic use of recreational substances modulates TMS measures of excitability. Despite the abundance of research in this field, we identify knowledge gaps that should be addressed in future studies to better understand the influence of these substances on TMS outcomes. (4) Conclusions: This review highlights the need for TMS studies to take into consideration the history of participant substance use and to control for acute substance use prior to testing.
Effects of bilateral transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and global cognition in older patients with remitted major depression: A pilot randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: To assess the effects of a 10-day course of bilateral anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on working memory and global cognition in elderly participants with remitted major depressive disorder at 14 days (primary outcome) and 90 days (secondary outcome) post intervention. Design: Randomized double blind controlled trial (clinicaltrials.gov # NCT02212366). Setting: Community dwelling outpatient setting. Participants: Sixty or older with previous single or recurrent episodes of major depression currently in full remission. Intervention: A 10 day course of active or sham bilateral DLPFC anodal tDCS. Measurements: (a) Working memory assessed by a computerized N back task, and (b) global cognition assessed by a standard paper and pencil neuropsychological test battery. Results: Thirty-three participants, (mean (SD) age = 66. 5 (5.7) year) were enrolled, out of which 18 (mean (SD) age = 66. 3 (5.8) year) were randomized to active tDCS and 15 (mean (SD) age = 66. 7 (5.8) years) to sham tDCS. All randomized participants except one from the sham group -completed the tDCS course. There were no differences between the groups on working memory performance or global cognition at 14 or 90 days post intervention. Both groups showed promising changes in working memory and global cognition over time. Conclusions: tDCS was well tolerated in older patients with remitted MDD, however, as compared to the sham group, it did not improve working memory or global cognition. Future studies should investigate tDCS with alternative parameters to enhance cognition in this population.
Update on the Treatment of Ataxia: Medication and Emerging Therapies$$$ While rehabilitation therapies always help patients with ataxia, there are currently no FDA-approved treatments for ataxia. Medications are available to treat symptoms that may complicate an ataxic illness, e.g., tremor, myoclonus, dystonia, and rigidity, which are discussed elsewhere in this volume. Spasticity, pain, fatigue, depression, sleep disturbances, cognitive decline, and bowel and bladder dysfunction, if they occur, all have multiple available drugs and therapies for symptomatic use. There is also an extensive literature on off-label uses of various medications to improve imbalance. The pipeline of emerging therapies for symptomatic and possible disease-modifying management of ataxia gives hope that we will soon see the first of many FDA-approved drugs for ataxic illnesses.
The exploration of optimized protocol for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of methamphetamine use disorder: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Background: The prefrontal-striatal circuit is a core circuit related to substance dependence. Previous studies have found that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) (key region of executive network) had limited responses, while inhibiting hyperactivation of ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) (key region of limbic network) may be another strategy. However, there is currently no comparison between these two treatment locations. Methods: Seventy-four methamphetamine-dependent patients were randomly assigned to one of treatment groups with two-week treatment: (1) Group A: intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) targeting the left DLPFC; (2) Group B: continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) targeting the left vmPFC; (3) Group C: a combination of treatment protocol of Group A and Group B; (4) Group D: sham theta-burst stimulation. The primary endpoint was the change of cue-induced craving. The trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT03736317). Findings: The three real TBS groups had more craving decrease effect than the sham group (p<0.01). The changes of craving were positively correlated with the improvement of anxiety and withdrawal symptom. With the highest respondence rate, group C also had shorter respondence time than Group A (p = 0.03). Group C was effective in improve depression symptoms (p = 0.04) and withdrawal symptom (p = 0.02) compared with Group D. Besides, Group C was significant in improve sleep quality (p = 0.04) compared with Group A. Baseline depression scores and spatial working memory were positively predicting the intervention response. Interpretation: The rTMS paradigms involving vmPFC with cTBS are optimized protocols and well-tolerated for methamphetamine-dependent individuals, and they may have better efficacies compared with DLPFC iTBS. Emotion and cognitive function are rTMS treatment response predictors for methamphetamine-dependent patients. Funding: This work was supported by the National Key R&D Program of China (2017YFC1310400), National Natural Science Foundation of China (81,771,436, 81,801,319, 81,601,164), Shanghai Municipal Health and Family Planning Commission (2017ZZ02021), Municipal Human Resources Development Program for Outstanding Young Talents in Medical and Health Sciences in Shanghai (2017YQ013), Qihang Project of Shanghai Mental Health Center (2019-QH-05), Shanghai Sailing Program (19YF1442100), Shanghai Key Laboratory of Psychotic Disorders (13DZ2260500), Program of Shanghai Academic Research Leader (17XD1403300), Shanghai Municipal Science and Technology Major Project (2018SHZDZX05), and Shanghai Clinical Research Center for Mental Health (19MC1911100).
24.3 HIGH-FREQUENCY TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR TREATMENT-RESISTANT DEPRESSION IN ADOLESCENTS: THE FIRST MULTICENTER ACTIVE VS SHAM MULTICENTER TRIAL$$$ Objectives: This presentation aims to evaluate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of daily treatment of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex using high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) vs sham in adolescents with MDD refractory to antidepressant treatment. It also aims to evaluate the long-term durability of TMS therapy on adolescents with MDD. Methods: A total of 103 subjects aged 12-17 years with a primary diagnosis of MDD (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-24 [HAMD-24] Item 1 score of ≥2 on each item with a total score ≥20), and who met inclusion and exclusion criteria, were enrolled at 11 sites across the United States. Subjects were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either daily high-frequency with the NeuroStar TMS Therapy device (N = 48) or sham treatment (N = 55) for up to 6 weeks (30 treatments). The primary outcome was HAMD-24. Patients who did not meet the criteria for clinically significant benefit from both groups (defined by ≥25% reduction of HAMD-24 score) were offered the opportunity to enter Phase II, open-label active TMS therapy for up to 6 weeks (additional 30 treatments). Patients who received a clinically significant treatment benefit at the conclusion of either Phase I or II were offered the opportunity to proceed to Phase III, where patients were monitored for up to 6 months to determine the durability of the acute treatment phases of the study. TMS was monotherapy in the trial because no antidepressant medications were permitted concurrently during the course of all 3 study phases. Results: At baseline, we found that demographics, severity of illness, and number of antidepressant trials (ADTs) were not different between active and sham. In Phase I of the double-blinded 6 weeks active vs sham TMS treatment, the mean HAMD-24 changes were a 10.7-point improvement (28.8 to 18.1) in active vs 10.3 (29.5 to 19.2) in sham (p = 0.8; 95% CI, –1.4 [–3.3, 0.5]). There was a lack of a significant difference likely due to a known high placebo response in double-blinded trials for adolescents, rather than a low treatment response (the response rate in active was N = 20/48, 41.7%). Although, it did not reach statistical significance, there was a greater differentiation toward the benefit of active vs sham in adolescents with ≥2 ADTs. TMS treatments were safe and well-tolerated in adolescents, which is comparable to adult TMS trials. More importantly, TMS did not increase the suicidality in active vs sham (measured by the Columbia Suicide Rating Scale and the suicide questions on the HAMD-24 and Children's Depression Rating Scale [CDRS]). Finally, there was no significant difference between active vs sham after 6 months with regard to the treatment durability of TMS therapy. Conclusions: Adolescents with treatment-refractory depression responded well to TMS monotherapy, and they had a favorable safety profile. However, because active did not separate from sham in short- or long-term follow-ups, future studies should be focus on decreasing the placebo response and improving the power of the study. DDD, NM, MCS
10.2 CAN MAGNETS CURE DEPRESSION?: A SYSTEMATIC REVIEW OF REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION FOR ADOLESCENT DEPRESSION$$$ Background: Depression is a debilitating illness in adolescents, with lifetime prevalence between 11% and 14%. Studies have shown that antidepressants have limited efficacy in treating major depression in adolescents. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an easy, noninvasive stimulation of the brain cortex and has been increasingly considered for research in adolescents with treatment-resistant depression. Objectives: The primary goal of this literature review is to assess the efficacy and safety profile of rTMS in adolescent depression. Secondly, our aim was to elucidate the underlying mechanism of action involving modulation of glutaminergic neural activity. Methods: We performed a literature search of PubMed, Cochrane Library, Ovid, and Google Scholar from January 2000 to January 2020. The search terms used were repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation, adolescent depression, and depression. A total of 289 articles were identified; after applying exclusion criteria, this was narrowed down to 8 articles. Out of these 8 studies, 7 are open-label studies and 1 is a randomized controlled trial. Results: All studies supported the use of rTMS for adolescent depression. Six studies showed an improvement in depression symptoms in more than 60% of the patients. The sample size ranged from 2 to 32. The patient ages ranged between 13 and 21 years old, with approximately 60% being female. Six studies indicated that applying 10 Hz rTMS at 120% resting motor threshold to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) was beneficial for the treatment of adolescent depression. Patients received between 14 and 30 treatment sessions over a period of 2 to 8 weeks. Measures commonly used to determine the outcome of depression are the Children Depression Rating Scale and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. The reported side effects are self-limiting headaches, mild neck pain, and scalp discomfort. Two studies further implicated increased glutamate levels in LDLPFC with rTMS treatment, which correlated with a decrease in depression symptoms. Conclusions: rTMS is feasible, tolerable, and possibly effective for adolescents with treatment-resistant depression. Randomized controlled trials with larger sample sizes are needed to determine the definitive efficacy and safety of rTMS in adolescents. DDD, ADOL, OTH
10.14 TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION IN CHILDREN AND ADOLESCENTS WITH DEPRESSIVE DISORDERS: A REVIEW OF THE LITERATURE$$$ Objectives: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), as a noninvasive method of altering brain activity, has widened the array of therapeutic options available for various mental health disorders. A large number of studies have shown therapeutic benefits in a wide range of patient populations, with the majority of studies in adults. TMS is used increasingly for the treatment of child and adolescent depression. However, the scarcity of studies and lack of published guidelines for this population are notable. As TMS use is expanding in this population, an overview of the use of TMS in children and adolescents with depression may provide a much-needed and timely perspective on this neuropsychiatric intervention. Methods: We searched all published studies on TMS use in depressive disorders in children and adolescents. The search was conducted using the PubMed database. A total of 13 studies were found to have reported use of TMS in depression in children and adolescents. These studies, in addition to reporting on therapeutic response and side effects, report on acceptability among recipients and their parents. Results: We found various case series, open-label studies, as well as sham-controlled blind studies indicating that TMS has been effective in treating depression in children and adolescents. Few studies also indicated its potential long-term benefits in subjects. Most of the studies were limited by their small sample sizes and placebo responses. No significant side effects were found in our review; however, there were 2 case reports that reported on an epileptiform event after repetitive TMS (rTMS) in the presence of other risk factors. In terms of acceptability, rTMS is generally accepted in terms of adverse effects and treatment experience but is otherwise sometimes considered ineffective. Conclusions: Although the sample size of the studies can be a concern, they do report some exciting results on rTMS use in depression. Studies have shown that TMS is an effective treatment option for depressive disorders in children and adolescents. Initial studies look promising, but implications in large pediatric populations may be different, and there is a need for more double-blind, controlled trials with larger sample sizes. TREAT, DDD, NM
The comparison of hemodynamic effect of propofol and thiopental during electroconvulsive therapy: A prospective randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: To compare the hemodynamic effects of propofol with thiopental during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in psychiatric patients at the Faculty of Medicine Ramathibodi Hospital. Materials and Methods: Fifteen patients with ASA physical status I-II undergoing 139 ECT sessions participated in this study. Each patient randomly received either propofol or thiopental followed by succinylcholine for muscle relaxation. The systolic blood pressure (SBP), diastolic blood pressure (DBP), mean arterial blood pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), oxygen saturation (SpO2), and bispectral index (BIS) were recorded before anesthetic induction, after induction, before seizure, immediately at the end of the seizure, and at post anesthetic care unit (PACU). Results: At two to seven minutes after induction, SBP, and DBP was significantly higher in thiopental group than propofol group after receiving treatments (approximately 11 to 22 mmHg, 6 to 13 mmHg, respectively). The HR was significantly decreased in propofol group at two and three minutes (p=0.002), but not significantly different from PACU (p=0.076). The SpO2 was not significantly different between the two groups. Propofol significantly decreased electroencephalographic (EEG) and motor seizure duration (p<0.001). Conclusion: Propofol anesthesia provided better hemodynamic responses than thiopental during ECT. Hence, propofol might be a useful alternative to thiopental in patients at higher risk of cardiac complications secondary to marked hemodynamic changes during ECT. However, the duration of seizure in the propofol group was shorter than in the thiopental group.
Role of modafinil in the treatment of patients with methamphetamine dependence$$$ An update on randomized, controlled clinical trial; Purpose: Methamphetamine is a powerful, highly addictive stimulant which affects the central nervous system. Here we evaluated the efficacy of modafinil for the treatment of patients with MA dependence. Methods: A randomized parallel controlled trial study was designed to compare the effectiveness of take-home, self-administered modafinil treatment in the intervention and the controlled group in three months. The primary outcome measurements were severity and duration of craving, and self-reported methamphetamine consumption, which was confirmed by urine drug test. Results: The relapse rate in the intervention group was 40%, and the controlled group was 75%, indicating a decrease in relapse rate of MA in the intervention group. During the three months, the severity and the duration of the drug abuse craving in the intervention group were less than the controlled group. Patients in the intervention group experienced an increase in the retention rate and a decrease in the slip rate. Conclusion: The use of modafinil is not only effective on craving and relapse reduction, but also changes urine drug screens of patients with MA dependence to negative. The modafinil is safely indicated as an absolutely effective medication to reduce withdrawal symptoms and the craving of patients with MA dependence.
Modified electroconvulsive therapy in a resource-challenged setting: Comparison of two doses (0.5 mg/kg and 1 mg/kg) of suxamethonium chloride$$$ Background: Suxamethonium has been shown to have a superior modification of the convulsion associated with ECT compared to other muscle relaxants. The dosage of suxamethonium used in ECT varies widely based on the experiences of practitioners. The study aimed to determine and compare the effectiveness and side effect profile of 0.5 mg/kg and 1 mg/kg in modified ECT. Subjects and Methods: This was a prospective randomized crossover study, comparing the effects of suxamethonium at a dose of 0.5 mg/kg, and 1.0 mg/kg in 27 patients who had a total of 54 sessions of modified ECT. The primary outcome parameters were quality of convulsion and onset and duration of apnoea. The secondary outcome parameters were hemodynamic variables, arterial oxygen saturation, delayed recovery, muscle pain, vomiting, headache, prolonged convulsion, and serum potassium. Data collected were entered into proforma and analyzed using Statistical Package for Social Sciences (SPSS) version 17.0. Parametric variables are presented as means and standard deviations while non-parametric variables are presented as frequencies and percentages. The level of significance (P-value) was considered at 0.05. Results: Sixteen patients (59%) had acceptable convulsion modification with 0.5 mg/kg suxamethonium compared to 23 patients (85%) with the use of 1.0 mg/kg suxamethonium (P = 0.016). There was no statistically significant difference in the duration of convulsion, the onset of apnoea, and the duration of apnoea with the two doses. Changes in heart rate, blood pressure, arterial oxygen saturation, and serum potassium level that accompany the mECT were comparable with the two doses of suxamethonium studied. Conclusions: A better modification of convulsion with comparable hemodynamic and side effect profile is achieved during mECT with the use of 1.0 mg/kg suxamethonium compared to 0.5 mg/kg.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Fatigue in Patients with Sjogren's Syndrome: A Randomized, Double-blind Pilot Study$$$ Background/Purpose: Transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) has shown promise to decrease fatigue. However, it has never been examined in primary Sjogren Syndrome (pSS). We aimed to assess the effect of a tDCS protocol on fatigue in patients with pSS. Methods: This is a parallel, double-blind pilot study (NCT04119128). Women aged 18-65 years, with pSS, on sTable pharmacological therapy, with complaints of fatigue for at least three months, and with scores > 5 on Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS) were included. We randomized 36 participants to receive five consecutive or sham tDCS sessions, with an intensity of 2mA, for 20 minutes/day. Results: After five tDCS sessions, fatigue severity assessed by the FSS (primary outcome) demonstrated a mean group difference of -0.85 [95% confidence interval (CI) -1.57, -0.13; effect size 0.80] favoring the active group. The active group presented significantly greater reductions in fatigue as measured by the EULAR Sjögren's Syndrome Patient Reported Index after five tDCS sessions [mean group difference: 1.40; 95%CI -2.33, -0.48; effect size 1.04]. Although there were no between-group differences in the secondary outcomes of sleep, mood and anxiety, within-group comparisons evidenced a small but significant difference in the active group for depression and sleep. There were no significant cortisol changes. All reported adverse events were mild and transitory. Conclusion: tDCS seems to be safe and reduce fatigue in pSS. Given that tDCS treatment may have a differential effect on mood and sleep but not on cortisol levels, the dorsolateral prefrontal-affective network may mediate tDCS effects on fatigue.
Response shift in self-reported depression outcomes during treatment-resistant depression$$$ Aims: Major depressive disorder is known to affect patients' selfreferential thoughts. Most psychological treatments for depression aim at influencing self-referential processing and their efficacy is often measured with patient-reported outcomes. Hence, treatmentinduced changes in self-perception of a construct as depression over time (i.e., response shift) may impact the self-reported measure of depression and may lead to erroneous conclusions regarding treatment efficacy. It may also be of interest to measure changes in self-perception as it can be a goal of therapy. Response shift analysis seems essential to quantify changes in patients' self-perception and to adequately assess changes in self-reported depression outcomes. This study aimed at investigating response shift in patients with unipolar treatment-resistant depression in a clinical trial comparing the effects of three treatment strategies on depression outcomes. Methods: Response shift was investigated on data from a multicenter randomized trial involving 170 patients receiving either an antidepressant treatment (venlafaxine) or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or both. The Oort's procedure based on structural equation models (SEM) was performed in each group on the depression outcome measured by the dimensions of the Beck Depression Inventory: Negative self-reference, performance impairment and sad mood. Treatment effects on depression change were studied in a longitudinal multi-group SEM including all response shift effects previously detected according to group membership. Results: Response shift was only detected in patients receiving antidepressant alone. After 4 weeks of treatment, these patients tended to report higher scores of negative self-reference on average compared to baseline, given similar depression levels over time. This could reflect a treatmentinduced increased awareness of negative self-reference. Furthermore, the mean level of depression significantly decreased in all groups but has significantly more decreased in the antidepressant alone group. In contrast, the clinical trial, from which the data originated and in which response shift was not taken into account, had concluded to the same decrease of depression in each group. Conclusion: Response shift effect has led to underestimate the improvement of depression in the antidepressant treatment group and has biased the measure of treatment efficacy in this clinical trial. However, it may also have revealed increased awareness of negative self-reference in these patients.
Advances in treatment for postpartum major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: Postpartum depressive disorder (PPD) is a burdensome medical condition. To date, only one treatment (Brexanolone) has undergone registrational trials and is approved in the United States with an indication for the treatment of PPD. However, other treatments are prescribed and have been tested for this condition. Herein, the authors review the available scientific evidence pertaining to the somatic treatments of PPD. Areas covered: The authors evaluate the published open-label and randomized controlled trials (RCTs), examine the biological mechanisms of PPD treatments, and evaluate how the available data translates into information that may be useful for clinical practice. Expert opinion: Antidepressants have long been the mainstay of PPD treatment, despite the limited evidence from randomized clinical trials that supports this practice. Brexanolone improves treatment options for women with PPD. However, the relatively burdensome administration and monitoring protocol, along with the high cost of the medication, limit the possibility for an extensive use of this medication. Large, randomized, controlled trials of hormonal treatments in patients with PPD are warranted. Also, treatment with mood stabilizers and/or antipsychotics in women with major depressive disorder, who meet the DSM-5 mixed features specifiers in the post-partum period, should be tested in controlled clinical trials.
Exploring Theta Burst Stimulation for Post-traumatic Stress Disorder in Australian Veterans-A Pilot Study$$$ INTRODUCTION: Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a severe and debilitating condition affecting a significant proportion of the veteran community. A substantial number of veterans with PTSD fail to benefit from trauma-focused psychological therapies or pharmacotherapy or are left with residual symptoms, and therefore, investigation of new and innovative treatment is required. Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) is a novel form of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, which has been shown to improve depression symptoms and associated cognitive deficits. The current pilot study aimed to explore the acceptability, safety, and tolerability of intermittent TBS (iTBS) as a treatment for PTSD in Australian veterans. MATERIALS AND METHODS: This study employed a case series, repeated-measures design. Eight Australian Defence Force veterans with PTSD received 20 bilateral iTBS treatments (1 session per day, 5 days per week over a 4-week period) and were assessed on a range of mental health and neuropsychological measures, including the Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-5 (CAPS-5) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), at pretreatment, post-treatment, and a 3-month follow-up. RESULTS: Treatment was generally welltolerated, with reported side-effects including mild to moderate site-specific cranial pain and headaches during stimulation, which were relieved with the use of low dose analgesics. No serious side effects or adverse events were reported. Participants exhibited reductions in both PTSD and depression symptom severity (the repeated-measures effect size [dRM] for the CAPS-5 was -1.78, and the HAM-D was -1.16 post-treatment), as well as improvements in working memory and processing speed. Although significance cannot be inferred, these preliminary estimates of effect size indicate change over time. CONCLUSIONS: Bilateral iTBS appears to be welltolerated by Australian veterans. Within this repeated-measures case series, iTBS treatment shows promise in reducing both PTSD and mood symptoms, as well as improving cognitive difficulties associated with these disorders. Large-scale randomized controlled trials of this promising treatment are warranted.
Cognitive remediation following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with treatment resistant depression: Randomized controlled trail of an intervention for relapse prevention - Study protocol$$$ Background: Major depressive episode (MDE) is worldwide one of the most prevalent and disabling mental health conditions. In cases of persistent non-response to treatment, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and effective treatment strategy with high response rates. Unfortunately, longitudinal data show low sustained response rates with 6-month relapse rates as high as 50% using existing relapse prevention strategies. Cognitive side effects of ECT, even though transient, might trigger mechanisms that increase relapse in patients who initially responded to ECT. Among these side effects, reduced cognitive control is an important neurobiological driven vulnerability factor for depression. As such, cognitive control training (CCT) holds promise as a non-pharmacological strategy to improve long-term effects of ECT (i.e., increase remission, and reduce depression relapse). Method/design: Eighty-eight patients aged between 18 and 70 years with MDE who start CCT will be included in this randomized controlled trial (RCT). Following (partial) response to ECT treatment (at least a 25% reduction of clinical symptoms), patients will be randomly assigned to a computer based CCT or active placebo control. A first aim of this RCT is to assess the effects of CCT compared to an active placebo condition on depression symptomatology, cognitive complaints, and quality of life. Secondly, we will monitor patients every 2 weeks for a period of 6 months following CCT/active placebo, allowing the detection of potential relapse of depression. Thirdly, we will assess patient evaluation of the addition of cognitive remediation to ECT using qualitative interview methods (satisfaction, acceptability and appropriateness). Finally, in order to further advance our understanding of the mechanisms underlying effects of CCT, exploratory analyses will be conducted using video footage collected during the CCT/active control phase of the study. Discussion: Cognitive remediation will be performed following response to ECT, and an extensive follow-up period will be employed. Positive findings would not only benefit patients by decreasing relapse, but also by increasing acceptability of ECT, reducing the burden of cognitive side-effects. Trial registration: The study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov. Study ID: NCT04383509 Trial registration date: 12.05.2020.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex modulates resting-state connectivity in depressive patients: A sham-controlled study$$$ The mechanisms underlying repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment are largely unknown. Although there is a general lack of sham controlled studies, findings show altered functional connectivity to the stimulated region following treatment. When targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), connectivity with the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) is predictive of response, but less is known about the effects on functional connectivity of targeting the dorsomedial PFC (dmPFC). Here, 30 patients with an ongoing depressive episode were recruited and randomized to 20 sessions at target intensity of either active or sham intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) over dmPFC. Those receiving sham were offered active treatment in a subsequent open phase. A seven minute resting-state scan and depressive symptom assessment was performed before and after treatment. After exclusions due to attrition and excessive head movements 23 patients remained for analysis. Seed-based resting-state connectivity was calculated using two seeds for the dmPFC target as well as the sgACC. A symptom related increase in dmPFC connectivity after active treatment, compared to sham treatment, was found. The effect was observed in a region overlapping the precuneus and the posterior cingulate cortex (PCC), suggesting an increase in the connectivity between the targeted salience network and the default mode network mediating improvement in depressive symptoms. Connectivity between the precuneus and both the sgACC and the treatment target was predictive of symptom improvement following active treatment. The findings have implications for understanding the mechanisms behind iTBS and may inform future efforts to individualize the treatment.
The Combination of Propofol and Ketamine Does Not Enhance Clinical Responses to Electroconvulsive Therapy in Major Depression—The Results From the KEOpS Study$$$ Objective: We investigated the clinical effects of the combination of ketamine and propofol as anesthetic agents during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with uni- or bipolar major depressive episodes. We hypothesized that ketamine may confer short- and long- term advantages in improving depressive symptoms at the early stages of ECT. Methods: In a randomized placebo-controlled trial, remission rates after 4 and 8 weeks of ECT were compared between patients who were randomly allocated to receive either the combination of ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) + propofol (n= 11) or placebo + propofol (n = 16). Depressive symptoms were assessed weekly using the Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS); ECT sessions were administered twice per week for a maximum of 8 weeks (16 sessions). Results: After 4 weeks, we observed significantly fewer remitters (MADRS score < 10) in the ketamine + propofol group (0/11; 0%) than in the placebo + propofol group (5/16; 31%; χ2 = 4.22; p = 0.040). No significant difference was observed between the two groups regarding the number of patients who achieved remission weekly throughout the study period (Chi² = 3.588; p = 0.058). The mean duration of seizures was significantly shorter in the ketamine + propofol group than in the placebo + propofol group. Conclusions: The results from the current study corroborated results from previously published studies and did not support the use of the combination of ketamine + propofol as an anesthetic agent for ECT in patients with major depressive episodes in clinical settings.
Magnetic seizure therapy is efficacious and well tolerated for treatment-resistant bipolar depression: An open-label clinical trial$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant bipolar depression can be treated effectively using electroconvulsive therapy, but its use is limited because of stigma and cognitive adverse effects. Magnetic seizure therapy is a new convulsive therapy with promising early evidence of antidepressant effects and minimal cognitive adverse effects. However, there are no clinical trials of the efficacy and safety of magnetic seizure therapy for treatment-resistant bipolar depression. Methods: Participants with treatment-resistant bipolar depression were treated with magnetic seizure therapy for up to 24 sessions or until remission. Magnetic seizure therapy was applied over the prefrontal cortex at high (100 Hz; n = 8), medium (50 or 60 Hz; n = 9) or low (25 Hz; n = 3) frequency, or over the vertex at high frequency (n = 6). The primary outcome measure was the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. Participants completed a comprehensive battery of neurocognitive tests. Results: Twenty-six participants completed a minimally adequate trial of magnetic seizure therapy (i.e., ≥ 8 sessions), and 20 completed full treatment per protocol. Participants showed a significant reduction in scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. Adequate trial completers had a remission rate of 23.1% and a response rate of 38.5%. Per-protocol completers had a remission rate of 30% and a response rate of 50%. Almost all cognitive measures remained stable, except for significantly worsened recall consistency on the autobiographical memory inventory. Limitations: The open-label study design and modest sample size did not allow for comparisons between stimulation parameters. Conclusion: In treatment-resistant bipolar depression, magnetic seizure therapy produced significant improvements in depression symptoms with minimal effects on cognitive performance. These promising results warrant further investigation with larger randomized clinical trials comparing magnetic seizure therapy to electroconvulsive therapy. Clinical trial registration: NCT01596608; clinicaltrials.gov
How to treat mania$$$ Objective: In this paper, we aimed at reviewing evidence-based treatment options for bipolar mania and proposed tentative evidence-based clinical suggestions regarding the management of a manic episode, especially regarding the choice of the proper mood stabilizer and antipsychotic medication. Method: A narrative review was undertaken addressing 'treatment of bipolar mania'. Findings have been synthesized and incorporated with clinical experience into a model to support different treatment choices. Results: To date, there is solid evidence supporting the use of several medications, such as lithium, divalproex, and carbamazepine, and antipsychotics, such as chlorpromazine, haloperidol, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole, inhaled loxapine, asenapine, and cariprazine in acute mania, and some evidence supporting the use of clozapine or electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-refractory cases. However, in clinical practice, when making decisions about treatment, personalized treatment is needed, according to the different clinical presentations and more complex clinical situations within the manic episode and considering a long-term view and with the objective of not only a symptomatic but also functional recovery. After remission from acute mania, psychoeducation strategies are useful to ensure adherence. Discussion: Despite the evidence forefficacy of many currently available treatments for mania, the majority of RCTs provide little direction for the clinician as to what steps might be optimal in different presentations of mania as well as in the presence of specific patient characteristics. Manic episodes should be managed on a personalized basis considering the clinical course and patient criteria and with the expectation of maintaining that treatment in the long-term.
A randomized controlled trial of a standard 4-week protocol of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: Treatment options for major depressive disorder (MDD) in individuals who are depressed for at least 2 years and failed two or more different types of therapeutic intervention, remain scarce. Being less invasive than electroconvulsive therapy, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) might be an alternative treatment option. Research Question: Does high frequency rTMS applied over the left prefrontal cortex ameliorate depressive symptoms in patients with treatment resistant major depressive disorder and is the efficacy dependent on treatment resistance? Method: We performed a randomized controlled trial investigating the effect of twenty sessions of real or sham-rTMS, during 4 consecutive weeks. Efficacy was blindly rated with the Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS-17) at baseline and 1 week after end of treatment, and the Dutch method for quantification of treatment resistance in Depression (DM-TRD) was assessed at baseline. Results: An interim analysis showed no differences in antidepressant response between real and sham rTMS and we therefore discontinued the RCT after 31 patients. The mean difference of the HDRS score between baseline and post-treatment was 3.7 (± 4.0; change 16%), indicating a small but significant improvement across time (F(1,30)=25.4;p < 0.01). There were no differences however between the treatment arms (F(1.30) = 1.5;p = 0.23). We did find a negative correlation between the change in HDRS score and DM-TRD in the active rTMS group, but this correlation was not significantly different from the sham group. Conclusion: “Standard” 4-week rTMS treatment is not effective in chronic, severe treatment-resistant depressed patients. While a replication of our data in this patient group may be ethically difficult, further research with less treatment resistant patients might help in positioning rTMS within the current stepped care approach to depression.
Plasma Circular RNA DYM Related to Major Depressive Disorder and Rapid Antidepressant Effect Treated by Visual Cortical Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Background: Reduced plasma circular RNA DYM (circDYM) has been detected in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Mechanism research has demonstrated that circDYM, acting as a microRNA-9 sponge, suppressed microglial activation by increasing Heat Shock Protein 90 ubiquitination, indicating that circDYM could be a potential biomarker of MDD. Methods: Thirty-two normal controls (NCs) and 60 MDD patients were recruited. Enrolled patients were randomly allocated to the real or sham repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) group, followed by continuous five-day visual cortical rTMS or sham treatment. All participants underwent multidimensional neuropsychological assessments and detection of circDYM levels. Results: Initial scores on all emotional and psychosocial assessments in MDD were significantly different from those of NCs. As compared with the NC group, baseline plasma circDYM levels in MDD patients decreased remarkably (p=0.030) and showed significant positive correlations with the scores of the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (r=0.318, p=0.031) and retardation subscale (r=0.323, p=0.029). The increase in circDYM was noteworthy after rTMS (p=0.006), while downregulation with no statistical significance was observed after sham treatment (p=0.170). Limitations: It was not estimated on the correlation between plasma circDYM levels and long-term efficacy of rTMS. The mechanism of upregulated circDYM expression in response to visual cortical rTMS remained unrevealed, and the sample size was relatively small. Conclusions: This study verified the reduced circDYM levels in MDD patients, and further determined the upregulated circDYM expression after rTMS treatment, revealing the potential of circDYM as a biomarker for MDD diagnosis and antidepressant effect of visual cortical rTMS.
The Flow brain stimulation headset for the treatment of depression: overview of its safety, efficacy and portable design$$$ Introduction: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a prevalent and debilitating condition. First-line treatments include antidepressants and cognitive-behavioral psychotherapy (CBT). However, several patients present treatment-resistance and/or adverse effects. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a noninvasive neuromodulation technique, is an effective alternative for MDD. Areas covered: We hereby review a portable tDCS device designed to be combined with a cognitive-behavioral intervention. This home-use device was developed by Flow Neuroscience™ and was recently approved in the UK and European Union. We discuss present evidence on tDCS efficacy and safety, both as a monotherapy and as a combined treatment. Moreover, we show a computer modeling tDCS procedure based on Flow parameters and montage. Expert opinion: Electric field simulations revealed that Flow’s tDCS device targets prefrontal cortical areas involved in MDD pathophysiology. In addition, the safety and efficacy profile revealed from prior tDCS studies support its use in depression. Finally, combining tDCS with cognitive-behavioral interventions might further enhance overall efficacy, although this aspect should be investigated in upcoming randomized, placebo-controlled trials.
Accelerated iTBS treatment applied to the left DLPFC in depressed patients results in a rapid volume increase in the left hippocampal dentate gyrus, not driven by brain perfusion$$$ Background: Accelerated intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (aiTBS) has been shown to be an effective antidepressant treatment. Although neurobiological changes shortly after this intervention have been reported, whether aiTBS results in structural brain changes must still be determined. Furthermore, it possible that rapid volumetric changes are driven by factors other than neurotrophic processes. Objectives: We examined whether possible grey matter volumetric (GMV) increases after aiTBS treatment could be driven by increased brain perfusion, measured by Arterial Spin Labeling (ASL). Methods: 46 treatment-resistant depressed patients were randomized to receive 20 sessions of active or sham iTBS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. All sessions were delivered over 4 days at 5 sessions per day (trial registration: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT01832805). Patients were scanned the day before starting stimulation and three days after aiTBS. Results: There was a significant cluster of increased left hippocampal GMV in the dentate gyrus related to HRSD changes after active aiTBS, but not after sham stimulation. These GMV increases became more pronounced when accounting for changes in cerebral perfusion. Conclusions: Active, but not sham, aiTBS, resulted in acute volumetric changes in parts of the left dentate gyrus, suggesting a connection with adult neurogenesis. Furthermore, taking cerebral perfusion measurements into account impacts on detection of the GMV changes. Whether these hippocampal volumetric changes produced by active aiTBS are necessary for long-term clinical improvement remains to be determined.
The benefits and costs of changing treatment technique in electroconvulsive therapy due to insufficient improvement of a major depressive episode$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) technique is often changed after insufficient improvement, yet there has been little research on switching strategies. Objective: To document clinical outcome in ECT nonresponders who were received a second course using high dose, brief pulse, bifrontotemporal (HD BP BL) ECT, and compare relapse rates and cognitive effects relative to patients who received only one ECT course and as a function of the type of ECT first received. Methods: Patients were classified as receiving Weak, Strong, or HD BP BL ECT during three randomized trials at Columbia University. Nonresponders received HD BP BL ECT. In a separate multi-site trial, Optimization of ECT, patients were randomized to right unilateral or BL ECT and nonresponders also received further treatment with HD BP BL ECT. Results: Remission rates with a second course of HD BP BL ECT were high in ECT nonresponders, approximately 60% and 40% in the Columbia University and Optimization of ECT studies, respectively. Clinical outcome was independent of the type of ECT first received. A second course with HD BP BL ECT resulted in greater retrograde amnesia immediately, two months, and six months following ECT. Conclusions: In the largest samples of ECT nonresponders studied to date, a second course of ECT had marked antidepressant effects. Since the therapeutic effects were independent of the technique first administered, it is possible that many patients may benefit simply from longer courses of ECT. Randomized trials are needed to determine whether, when, and how to change treatment technique in ECT.
Change in core symptoms of borderline personality disorder by tDCS: A pilot study$$$ Borderline personality disorder (BPD) recognizes several psychopathological dimensions related to prefrontal cortex impairments. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) targeting the right prefrontal dorsolateral cortex (DLPFC) positively influence cognitive functions related to impulsivity in healthy subjects. A randomized double-blind study was designed to investigate whether tDCS could modulate core dimensions (impulsivity, aggression, affective dysregulation) of BPD. Also effects on decision making process and substances craving was assessed. Patients were randomized to receive active-tDCS at 2 mA versus sham-tDCS, once a day for 15 sessions. Anode was placed on the right DLPFC (F4), cathode on the left DLPFC (F3). Impulsivity and aggression measures were significantly reduced only in patients treated with active-tDCS. Decision-making process was marginally influenced by the active current. Craving intensity was reduced only in the active-tDCS sample. Both groups showed improvements in the affective dysregulation dimension and anxious and depressive symptoms. The application of bilateral tDCS targeting right DLPFC with anodal stimulation seems to improve core dimensions of BPD (mainly impulsivity and aggression) probably by restoring prefrontal activity. tDCS might be a potential tool for preventing self-harming behaviors.
Treatment of Depression After Traumatic Brain Injury: A Systematic Review Focused on Pharmacological and Neuromodulatory Interventions$$$ Background: Depression is the most common psychiatric sequela after traumatic brain injury (TBI) and poses a variety of treatment challenges. There is a lack of clinical trials focused on biological interventions used to manage TBI depression. Objective: The aim of this systematic review is to summarize the current evidence of psychotropic and neuromodulatory interventions used to treat TBI depression and to provide directions for future research. Methods: Key words were used to describe the following search terms: “traumatic brain injury”, “depression”, “pharmacological/drug therapy”, and “neuromodulation”. Studies focused on pharmacotherapy or neuromodulation in TBI depression were identified in 5 databases: Medline (PubMed), EMBASE (Embase.com), the Cochrane Library (Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Methodology Register), PsycINFO (EbscoHost), and Web of Science. Article inclusion/exclusion using Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA)-based systematic protocol of extraction and evaluation was applied. Level of evidence for each study was determined using the American Academy of Neurology criteria. Results: The initial search provided 1473 citations. Twenty-two studies met inclusion criteria. Sixteen studies explored pharmacological interventions with emphasis on serotonergic agents. Results between studies were conflicting, and interventions did not always outperform placebos, although sertraline provided the highest level of evidence for treatment of TBI depression. Six studies examining neuromodulatory interventions show preliminary evidence of efficacy with a range of interventions and modes of delivery used. Conclusions: Additional research including large-sample randomized-controlled trials using pharmacological, neuromodulation, or combination treatment is needed. These studies should incorporate premorbid psychosocial functioning, preinjury psychiatric disease, cognitive deficits, and functional recovery when examining outcomes.
Effect of psychotropic drugs on cortical excitability of patients with major depressive disorders: A transcranial magnetic stimulation study$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can be used to evaluate the effects of pharmacological interventions. The aim of this study was to assess the impact of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, sertraline, and the atypical antipsychotic drugs quetiapine and olanzapine, on cortical excitability in unmedicated patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). The study included 45 medication-free MDD patients diagnosed according to DSM V. They were divided randomly into three groups who received a single oral dose of one of the three drugs sertraline (50 mg), quetiapine (100 mg) and olanzapine (10 mg). Psychological evaluation was conducted using the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and Beck Depression Inventory Scale (BDI). Resting and active motor thresholds (rMT and aMT) together with contralateral and ipsilateral cortical silent periods (cSP, and iSP) were measured for each participant before and at the time of maximum concentration of drug intake. There was significant increase in excitability of motor cortex after sertraline without changes in GABAB neurotransmission. Quetiapine and olanzapine potentiated inhibitory GABAB neurotransmission (prolongation of cSP); olanzapine additionally prolonged the iSP. Thus TMS can differentiate between the impact of different psychotropic drugs on excitatory and inhibitory transmission in motor cortex.
Post-stroke depression: A 2020 updated review$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is common and associated with higher mortality, poorer recovery, more pronounced cognitive deficits, and lower quality of life than is stroke without depression. This manuscript will conduct an updated, comprehensive and clinically-useful review of the risk factors, pathophysiology, assessment, prevention, and treatment of PSD. Methods: This narrative review summarizes articles obtained on PubMed, Medline, EMBase, Google Scholar and the Cochrane Database. This review prioritized articles with a more robust level of evidence, such as original articles with longitudinal data and/or larger samples, randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, and metaanalyses. Results: One hundred twenty-four articles were reviewed, of which 44 (35%) were published before 2016 and 80 (65%) that were published since 2016. Discussion: Rates of PSD range from 18 to 33%, yet it is vastly underdiagnosed and undertreated. Risk factors for PSD include female sex, history of psychiatric illness, large or multiple strokes, injuries in frontal/anterior areas or in the basal ganglia, stroke occurrence within the past year, poor social support, and pronounced disability. The pathophysiology of PSD is multifactorial and likely involves decreased levels of monoamines, abnormal neurotrophic response, increased inflammation with dysregulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis, and glutamate-mediated excitotoxicity. The evidence for preventive interventions for PSD is somewhat inconsistent and modest. The best treatment for PSD consists of the combination of pharmacological, psychosocial and stroke-focused interventions. Conclusion: PSD is a common, treatable condition that is associated with several negative outcomes. Early detection and proper management are critical to obtain better outcomes in individuals with PSD.
A two-site, open-label, non-randomized trial comparing Focal Electrically-Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) and right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (RUL-UBP ECT)$$$ Background: Focal Electrically-Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) is a form of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) that spatially focuses the electrical stimulus to initiate seizure activity in right prefrontal cortex. Two open-label non-comparative studies suggested that FEAST has reduced cognitive side effects when compared to historical data from other forms of ECT. In two different ECT clinics, we compared the efficacy and cognitive side effects of FEAST and Right Unilateral Ultrabrief Pulse (RUL-UBP) ECT. Methods: Using a non-randomized, open-label design, 39 depressed adults were recruited after referral for ECT. Twenty patients received FEAST (14 women; age 45.2 ± 12.7), and 19 received RUL-UBP ECT (16 women; age 43.2 ± 16.4). Key cognitive outcome measures were the postictal time to reorientation and the Columbia University Autobiographical Memory Interview: Short-Form (CUAMI-SF). Antidepressant effects were assessed using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24). Results: In the Intent-to-treat sample, a repeated measures mixed model suggested no between group difference in HRSD24 score over time (F1,35 = 0.82, p = 0.37), while the response rate favored FEAST (FEAST: 65%; RUL-UBP ECT: 57.9%), and the remission rate favored RUL-UBP ECT (FEAST: 35%; RUL-UBP ECT: 47.4%). The FEAST group had numeric superiority in average time to reorientation (FEAST: 6.6 ± 5.0 min; RUL-UBP ECT: 8.8 ± 5.8 min; Cohens d = 0.41), and CUAMI-SF consistency score (FEAST: 69.2 ± 14.2%; RUL-UBP ECT: 63.9 ± 9.9%; Cohens d = 0.43); findings that failed to meet statistical significance. Conclusions: FEAST exerts similar efficacy relative to an optimal form of conventional ECT and may have milder cognitive side effects. A blinded, randomized, non-inferiority trial is needed.
Telomere length in depression and association with therapeutic response to electroconvulsive therapy and cognitive side-effects$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most acutely effective treatment for severe treatment-resistant depression. However, there are concerns about its cognitive side-effects and we cannot yet confidently predict who will experience these. Telomeres are DNA-protein complexes that maintain genomic integrity. In somatic cells, telomeres shorten with each cell division. Telomere length (TL) can thus provide a measure of 'biological' aging. TL appears to be reduced in depression, though results are mixed. We sought to test the following hypotheses: (1) that TL would be shorter in patients with depression compared to controls; (2) that TL would be a predictor of response to ECT; and (3) that shorter TL would predict cognitive side-effects following ECT. METHOD: We assessed TL in whole blood DNA collected from severely depressed patients (n = 100) recruited as part of the EFFECT-Dep Trial and healthy controls (n = 80) using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction. Mood and selected cognitive measures, including global cognition, re-orientation time, and autobiographical memory, were obtained pre-/post-ECT and from controls. RESULTS: Our results indicate that TL does not differ between patients with depression compared to controls. TL itself was not associated with mood ratings and did not predict the therapeutic response to ECT. Furthermore, shorter baseline TL is not a predictor of cognitive side-effects post-ECT. CONCLUSIONS: Overall, TL assessed by PCR does not represent a useful biomarker for predicting the therapeutic outcomes or risk for selected cognitive deficits following ECT.
Noninvasive Brain Stimulation Does Not Improve Neuropathic Pain in Individuals With Spinal Cord Injury: Evidence From a Meta-Analysis of 11 Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to examine the effectiveness of noninvasive brain stimulation on neuropathic pain in individuals with spinal cord injury. METHODS: A meta-analysis on pain intensity, depression, and anxiety levels was conducted to evaluate the effect of noninvasive brain stimulation on neuropathic pain in individuals with spinal cord injury. The authors searched Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE (PubMed), Embase (OvidSP), PsycINFO (OvidSP), and Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro). Randomized controlled trials comparing noninvasive brain stimulation with sham stimulation were included. RESULTS: Eleven studies were selected. The pooled analysis demonstrated no significant effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, or cranial electrotherapy stimulation on neuropathic pain reduction after spinal cord injury. In addition, noninvasive brain stimulation showed no beneficial effect over sham stimulation on the improvement of depression, while it yielded a significant reduction of anxiety levels immediately after treatment. Subgroup analysis showed that only cranial electrotherapy stimulation had a significant effect on the reduction of anxiety levels among the three types of noninvasive brain stimulation. CONCLUSIONS: In individuals with spinal cord injury, no significant effects of noninvasive brain stimulation on neuropathic pain and depression were observed. Cranial electrotherapy stimulation may be beneficial for the management of anxiety. These findings do not support the routine use of noninvasive brain stimulation for neuropathic pain in individuals with spinal cord injury.
Transcranial direct current stimulation over the supplementary motor area in Tourette syndrome: Preliminary findings of a randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: To test safety and efficacy of inhibitory transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the supplementary motor area (SMA) for the treatment of tics. Background: Following sparse anecdotal evidence, a recent randomized, sham-controlled trial of a single session of 1mA cathodal tDCS of SMA has shown acute improvement of tics without associated changes of M1 excitability. Methods: We are conducting a double-blind, randomized shamcontrolled trial comparing efficacy and safety of 5 consecutive daily sessions of 1mA tDCS over the SMA in patients with Tourette syndrome (TS), stable medical/behavioural therapy, and age >16 years. 1mA direct current is delivered by a constant-current stimulator while the patient engages in competing response strategies based on habit reversal training. The cathodal electrode is placed 1.8 cm anterior to the location of Cz, as per 10-20 electrode system. Each session consists of two 20'-long periods, during which the cathode position is alternated 0.5 cm right or left of the median sagittal plane, and the anode is placed over the contralateral mastoid. Primary endpoints are the change of the total tic severity score on the Yale Global Tic Severity Scale (YGTSS-TTS) between baseline and: visit 5 (right after the 5th session); visit 6 (7 days after visit 5). Resting state fMRI at baseline and visit 5 is performed in a subgroup of participants. Results: Our minimal sample size to detect a change of 9 points of the YGTSS-TTS at a 0.05 α level and a 0.2 β level is 24. We present interim findings from the first 12 participants (5 active, 7 sham; 8 males, 4 females; median age 28, range 17-61 years; history of ADHD in 4, OCD in 3, depressive disorder in 3). Improvement of the YGTSS-TTS between visit 5 and baseline was statistically significant in both arms, but greater in patients in the active arm (10.4; p=0.001) than in the sham arm (6.2; p=0.051). Mean YGTSS-TTS difference between visit 6 and baseline was statistically significant in patients in the active arm (11.6; p=0.02), but not in the sham arm (6.2; p=0.14). The treatment was well tolerated by all participants, with one patient in each arm reporting mild, transient headache. Conclusions: These preliminary results indicate excellent tolerability and promising efficacy of tDCS over the SMA in patients with TS.
Non-pharmacological treatment for Parkinson's disease patients with depression: A meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive-behavioral treatment$$$ Objective: This meta-analysis aims to assess the effect of nonpharmacological treatments for depression in patients with PD. Background: Antidepressants are the mainstay of treatment for depression in general, as well as depression in the context of Parkinson's disease (PD). Yet, some recent studies report that medication might aggravate motor symptoms in PD patients. Methods: Only randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included. The participants were PD patients with comorbid depression (dPD). The interventions had the equivalent effect of non-pharmacological treatments alone compared with control(s). Scores of depression scale were selected as the primary outcome, while scores of Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale part III and the incidence of side effects were the secondary outcome. The statistics were pooled and presented as weighted mean differences (WMDs), standardized mean differences (SMDs), or risk ratios (RRs) with their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: Fifteen articles were eventually included; twelve studies reported on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and three used cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT). Other interventions failed to have qualified studies. Our data indicated that both rTMS and CBT could significantly improve depression scores in a short term (SMD = -0.621, 95% CI [-0.964, -0.278]; SMD = -1.148, 95% CI [-1.498, -0.798], respectively). In addition, rTMS could alleviate motor symptom (WMD = -2.617, 95% CI [-4.183, -1.051]) and was relatively safe (RR = 1.054, 95% CI [0.698, 1.592]). Conclusions: Our data suggest that rTMS can safely alleviate depression and motor symptoms in dPD at least for a short period. Moreover, compared with clinical monitoring, CBT can improve depressive symptoms. Our data suggest that rTMS can safely alleviate depression and motor symptoms in dPD at least for a short period. Moreover, compared with clinical monitoring, CBT can improve depressive symptoms.
A case of improved psychotic depression and motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease following electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)$$$ Objective: To describe a case of motoric, affective, and psychotic symptoms improving in PD following ECT. Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) is a neurodegenerative disease caused by dopaminergic depletion in the basal ganglia. Non-motor features can independently include both depression and psychosis. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a treatment for a range of psychiatric conditions, including medication-refractory depression. There is limited data regarding the effect of ECT on motor, depressive, and psychotic symptoms in PD. Methods: Case Report. Results: A 62-year-old man had onset of left-handed tremor and rigidity, with subsequent abnormal ioflupane I123 SPECT (DaTscan®), supporting a diagnosis of PD. He had an initial motor response to levodopa. One year later, he developed medication-refractory depression. There was concurrent worsening of his motor symptoms, with poor response to increased levodopa. He presented to our clinic with significant motor parkinsonism, severe vegetative depression, and somatic pain associated with Cotard delusions that his bones and organs were broken. UPDRS Part 3 score at the time was 46. He was institutionalized a month later and received aggressive psychiatric care, including six sessions of ECT. Three months following ECT, he demonstrated profound improvement. He weaned off levodopa. His depression and delusions were resolved. He remained on 150mg quietiapine, 150mg venlafaxine, and 15mg mirtazapine. Off Levodopa, follow up UPDRS Part 3 was 17. Quetiapine was reduced to 100mg daily without clinical worsening. He remains off levodopa 6 months later. Conclusions: Both PD and psychotic depression involve changes in dopaminergic transmission and neuronal dopamine response. The effect of ECT on reducing PD symptoms may be mediated through striatal dopamine. Literature suggests that ECT may have “effects on [dopamine] release, receptor sensitivity, and other modulatory mechanisms.” This case demonstrates that ECT may be effective for the motoric, affective, and psychotic symptoms of PD though the mechanism is likely complex. The literature has few randomized control trials describing this relationship. Additional investigation is warranted.
Maladaptive motor cortex plasticity off medication in Parkinson's disease patients with levodopa-induced dyskinesias$$$ Objective: To test the hypothesis that motor cortex plasticity is maladaptive in Parkinson's disease (PD) patients suffering from dyskinesias, as compared to non-dyskinetic patients. Background: Levodopa-induced dyskinesias (LIDs) represent a common motor complication in PD, likely caused by maladaptive plasticity and disinhibition of both cortico-basal ganglia and cortico-cortical motor circuits. Whether the primary motor cortex (M1) is just a 'passive integrator' of subcortical and cortico-cortical abnormalities, or it also plays an active role in the pathophysiology of LIDs is not completely clear. Here we tested the hypothesis that M1 plasticity is maladaptive in dyskinetic patients OFF medication. Methods: We adopted a new perturbation strategy, by applying transcranial static magnetic field stimulation (tSMS) to M1 in two independent and parallel experiments. Experiment 1 was a randomized sham-controlled double-blind study (NCT02657681) in which we investigated the long-term effects (i.e. >24h) on cortical excitability - as measured by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) - induced by 9 sessions of 30-min tSMS over two weeks in dyskinetic patients OFF medication (n=50 recruited, 42 completed the study, 35 with cortical excitability data). Experiment 2 was an open study in which we investigated the acute effects on cortical excitability induced by 10-min tSMS in dyskinetic (n=22) vs. non-dyskinetic patients (n=22) OFF medication. We also studied a group of De novo PD patients naïve to levodopa (n=21) and a group of aged healthy subjects (n=21). Results: Experiment 1 showed that 9 sessions of real tSMS unexpectedly increased corticospinal excitability compared to sham, without significantly changing motor features OFF medication or the intensity of dyskinesias ON medication. Experiment 2 showed that 10-min tSMS induced maladaptive corticospinal potentiation in dyskinetic patients OFF medication, but not in non-dyskinetic patients nor in De novo PD patients, while inducing the expected corticospinal depression in healthy subjects. Conclusions: These results suggest that M1 corticospinal plasticity is maladaptive in dyskinetic PD patients OFF medication and may contribute to the pathophysiology of LIDs.
Effect of combined modality treatment on sustained phonation in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: To determine whether Lee Silverman Voice Treatment (LSVT-LOUD(R)) combined with Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in individuals with Parkinson's disease (PD) improves phonation to a greater extent than LSVT alone. Background: Individuals with PD exhibit dysphonia. LSVT is a behavioral treatment for improving voice in PD. TMS is a noninvasive procedure for influencing brain activity that enhances motor learning. LSVT is typically evaluated using voice intensity (dB) as the primary outcome measure. It is also of interest to examine the impact of LSVT+TMS on acoustic voice harmonic structure (cepstral peak prominence, CPP), perceived voice quality, and voice related quality of life. Methods: Twenty-two participants with PD aged 50 - 78 years were randomized into 3 groups: Right (RTMS), Left (LTMS) and Sham (STMS). All participants exhibited hypophonia. More than mild depression or cognitive impairment were excluded. Medication schedules were maintained throughout the study. TMS was administered using 3000 pulses at the rate of 5 Hz with intensity of 80 V/m to the primary motor cortex (M1) larynx area in the LTMS and RTMS conditions, but at < 25 V/m in the STMS, determined via MRI/FMRI co-registration. STMS was applied with a plastic spacer, 30 mm thick placed between the TMS coil and subjects' scalp. TMS was applied prior to LSVT. LSVT was administered by a LSVT certified SLP for 16 one-hour sessions. Patient were recorded on two different days at pre-treatment (tx), post-tx, and at FU in a sound treated booth for 3 trials of sustained vowel “ah”. Intensity (dB) was measured using the LSVT CompanionTM. CPP measures were obtained with Assessment of Dysphonia in Speech and Voice software. Participants rated their Voice-Related Quality of Life. Vowels were rated by two experienced voice clinicians for overall severity, breathiness, and roughness. Results: dB, CPP, voice quality and VRQOL increased significantly from pre-to-post treatment that was maintained at FU (p < .01). Actual and Sham TMS groups were not significantly different, indicating that improvements were due to LSVT alone. Conclusions: LSVT significantly improved voice harmonic structure, perceived voice quality, and voice related quality of life to a similar degree with or without concurrent TMS. Previously presented at the AnnualConvention of the American Speech-Language-Hearing Association, Orlando, FL. Nov 21-23, 2019.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with intensive physical therapy in cerebellar ataxia: A pilot study$$$ Objective: The present study investigated the efficacy and safety of combination treatment of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and physical therapy (PT) in patients with cerebellar variant of multiple system atrophy (MSA-C). Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation that influences the neural excitability of focal brain areas, and previous studies revealed rTMS of the cerebellum alleviated ataxia symptoms in patients with cerebellar ataxia. rTMS not only have some beneficial effects on cerebellar ataxia, but also can help to augment motor training-induced plasticity. Given this situation, combination treatment with rTMS and intensive physical therapy (rTMS+PT) may have a synergic effect on improving cerebellar ataxia. Methods: We recruited subjects with MSA-C, randomized into 2 groups (rTMS+PTMSA and controlMSA groups), and those with genetically confirmed spinocerebellar ataxia (rTMS+PTSCA group). Ten sessions of cerebellar rTMS and PT were performed in both rTMS+PTMSA and rTMS +PTSCA group for 2 weeks. Clinical scales were assessed at the baseline and, immediately, 4 and 12 weeks after the intervention in all enrolled subjects, and objective gait and balance analysis at the baseline and after the intervention in rTMS+PTMSA and rTMS+PTSCA groups. All the evaluations were performed by blinded raters. Results: A total of 34 subjects with MSA (14 for rTMS+PTMSA and 20 for controlMSA group) and 8 for rTMS+PTSCA group were enrolled. In rTMS +PTMSA group, cerebellar ataxia improved after the intervention both inclinical scale and objective evaluation unlike controlMSA group, and the benefit in clinical scale lasted until 12 weeks after treatment. Additionally, depression also improved in the rTMS+PTMSA group while no change in cognition and ADL. In rTMS+PTSCA group, ataxia improved in clinical scale, but no significant change in gait and balance analysis unlike rTMS+PTMSA group. For safety, there was no subject with adverse effects in our study. Conclusions: This preliminary study suggests that the combination of rTMS and PT could be effective and safe treatment option to control cerebellar ataxia in MSA-C.
High-frequency rTMS over the primary motor cortex relieves musculoskeletal pain in Parkinson's disease: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: To study the effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over primary motor cortex(M1) on musculoskeletal pain(MSP) in patients with Parkinson's disease. Background: Pain is one of the most common symptoms in Parkinson's disease (PD). The incidence can increase to 68-85%1, 2. However, it is often under-recognized and inadequately treated compare to motor symptoms3, wherein MSP is one of the most common type. The prevalence of MSP ranges from 40% to 90% in PD patients experiencing pain 4,5. So far, there is no standardized treatment plan for MSP yet, as it does not sufficient respond to the medical and surgical treatments of PD6,7. Level A evidence has been reported to support the beneficial effects of high frequency rTMS over M1 for pain syndromes. Here we explored the first rTMS cohort study for PD patients with MSP. Methods: A group of 52 PD patients with musculoskeletal pain(MSP) were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial. Patients were randomly allocated 1:1 to receive five sessions of either real (N=26) or sham (N=26) 20 Hz rTMS over M1. The patients were assessed at baseline (T0), after the the 5th (T1) sessions, and then 2 weeks (T2) and 4 weeks (T3) after the last session. The primary clinical outcome was the Numeric Rating Scale score (NRS), the secondary clinical outcome the Movement Disorder Society-Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale motor scores (MDS-UPDRS III and IV), Hamilton Depression Scale(HAMD), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA), the Scales for Outcomes in Parkinson's disease- Autonomic Symptoms(SCOUP-AUT), Parkinson's Disease Sleep Scale-2 (PDSS-2), and Peyronie's Disease Questionnaire (PDQ), assessed at T0, T1, T2, T3. All the assessments were carried out at the “ON” state. Results: Each group had two patients withdrew. With a four weeks' follow-up, there were significant interaction effects in the NRS (effect of group∗time, p = 0.00), MDS-UPDRS III (p = 0.00), HAMD (p = 0.00), HAMA (p = 0.013), and PDQ (p = 0.00). Post-hoc analyses revealed a significantly decreased NRS score at T1 and T2, and significant improvements of MDS-UPDRS III, HAMD, HAMA, PDQ at T1, T2 in the rTMS group. No significant improvements were found in the sham group. Conclusions: High-frequency rTMS over M1 may ultimately serve as an add-on therapy for alleviating MSP in PD.
Effects of quinolone and poloxamer otic suspension on tympanic membrane of rats$$$ Objectives: Quinolone ear drops at standard clinical concentrations, delivered twice daily for 10 days, can cause tympanic membrane perforations (TMPs) in intact rat tympanic membranes (TMs). A newly available single-dose otic preparation contains ciprofloxacin 6% suspended in a thermo reversible poloxamer (ie, liquid at cool temperatures and gel at body temperature). This study aimed to evaluate if a single application of 6% quinolone in poloxamer suspension promotes the development of TMPs in intact TMs. Methods: Rats were randomized to 5 groups (10/group), with 1 ear receiving a single otic instillation of 16% poloxamer 407 or 188, which are found in a commercial otic preparation and a wound dressing, respectively, or ofloxacin, ciprofloxacin, or neomycin-all at 6% concentrations in suspension with 16% poloxamer 407. The contralateral ear received saline. TMs were assessed over 42 days. Results: No TMPs were seen in ears treated with saline, poloxamer 407 or 188, or in ears treated with ofloxacin-, ciprofloxacin-, or neomycin-poloxamer suspension (all P > .05). White precipitates were observed in the ear canal and/or TM of cipro+poloxamer- and ofloxacin+poloxamer-treated ears. The incidence of white precipitates was higher in only the cipro+poloxamer-treated ears until day 10 (P < .0001 to P = .0004). TM surface irregularities, which appeared to be slight depressions of the pars tensa, were also observed mostly in the cipro+poloxamer-treated ears beginning at day 3, with 5 of 5 TMs still with pars tensa depressions at day 42 (P = .03 to P = .0033).
A Single Day of Accelerated rTMS Causes No Cerebral Glucose Metabolism Change Assessed by FDG-PET in Beagle Dogs$$$ Aim/Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an FDA-approved technique for major depressive disorders (MDD), but the underlying neurobiological mechanisms of action are not yet unraveled, and the stimulation parameters need to be optimized. According to our previous research, rTMS applied to the left frontal cortex alters regional cerebral perfusion in dogs using HMPAO-SPECT; more, the serotonin transporter (SERT) binding indices alterations in different brain regions were reported with [11C]DASB-PET. Similar changes have been observed in humans. This strengthens the idea that further functional imaging techniques in dogs could be used to investigate the neurobiological mechanism and refine the rTMS treatment parameters and efficacy. This study aims to investigate the effect of one-day rTMS on cerebral glucose metabolism by FDG-PET in healthy beagle dogs. Materials and Methods: Twelve beagle dogs were randomly divided into two unequal groups: five active high frequency (HF) rTMS (20Hz) sessions (n=8) and five sham sessions (n=4). The protocol for each dog is: an anatomical magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan and neuronavigation were conducted to locate the left frontal cortex; FDG-PET scan was applied before and 24-hour, 1-month and 3-month after the rTMS treatment; A linear mixed model and a likelihood ratio test were used to evaluate significance of the interaction. Results: No significant differences in glucose metabolism between active and sham accelerated HF rTMS were noted for just after the stimulations (24h), nor for the stimulated area, the left frontal cortex, or other brain regions compared to the baseline. And no long-term metabolic change was noticed in both active and sham group. Conclusion: Though the single day of accelerated HF rTMS study did not show a significant cerebral glucose metabolism change in beagle dogs, probably due to the limited rTMS sessions and the relatively small sample size, additional accelerated HF rTMS days should be added to evaluate the effects of accelerated HF-rTMS treatment in beagles.
The management of depression following traumatic brain injury: A systematic review with meta-analysis$$$ Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is prevalent. Declining mortality has led to increasing survivors with chronic sequalae, including depression. With a lack of guidelines, this review aims to provide a comprehensive, evidence-based summary of the management of depression following TBI. Methods: Systematic searches were conducted for quasi-experimental and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) assessing pharmacotherapy, psychological interventions, and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Databases searched CENTRAL, Medline, Embase, CINAHL, PsycINFO, Web of Science, and ProQuest dissertations. Data extraction and risk-of-bias tools were used. Where possible, outcomes were combined into meta-analyses. Results: 2719 studies were identified. After abstract screening and full-text reading, 34 remained. Prophylactic sertraline significantly reduced the odds of depression (OR (odds ratio) = 0.31 [95%CI (confidence interval) = 0.12 to 0.82]). Meta-analysis of RCT’s showed TMS to have the greatest reduction in depression severity (SMD (Standardized-Mean-Difference) = 2.43 [95%CI = 1.24 to 3.61]). Stimulants were the only treatment superior to control (SMD = −1.03 [95%CI = − 1.6 to −0.47]). Conclusion: Methylphenidate was the most effective pharmacotherapy. Sertraline appears effective for prevention. The efficacy of psychological interventions is unclear. TMS as a combination therapy appears promising. Heterogeneity of study populations and dearth of evidence means results should be interpreted cautiously.
Pain trajectories of dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta burst stimulation versus sham treatment in depression$$$ Background: Prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is an established add-on treatment for major depressive disorder and is increasingly feasible with protocols of short duration, such as intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS). The most common and limiting side effect is pain at the site of application. Our objective was to investigate how pain develops over time in patients with depression receiving iTBS compared to sham stimulation. Methods: This is a subsample from a randomized clinical trial. Patients received daily sessions of 2400 pulses of dorsomedial prefrontal iTBS or sham stimulation with transcutaneous electric stimulation during 2 to 3 weeks. After unmasking of treatment allocation, patients receiving sham treatment were offered active iTBS in an open phase. Patients rated pain on a scale from 0 to 10 after the last train of stimulation on the first, fifth and final treatment day. A Mann-Whitney U-test was conducted to test for group differences and related-samples Friedman's tests to analyze changes in pain ratings over time. Results: The scalp pain in the group receiving iTBS was rated higher than sham treatment on the first (U = 263.5, p = 0.035) and fifth day (U = 271.0, p = 0.020) but not on the final day (U = 210.5, p = 0.121). The pain decreased mainly during the first 5 days of treatment (χ 2 = 0.875, p = 0.040). In the open phase the pain decreased from the first day to the final day (χ 2 = 1.194, p = 0.001). Conclusions: The subjective pain perception of active dorsomedial iTBS was higher than sham treatment but decreased over time, indicating an analgesic effect, or habituation. The result from this study can be used to inform patients about what to expect regarding pain during an iTBS treatment course. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02905604. Registered 19 September 2016.
Novel TMS for Stroke and Depression (NoTSAD): Accelerated Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation as a Safe and Effective Treatment for Post-stroke Depression$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) affects up to 50% of stroke survivors, reducing quality of life, and increasing adverse outcomes. Conventional therapies to treat PSD may not be effective for some patients. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is well-established as an effective treatment for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and some small trials have shown that rTMS may be effective for chronic PSD; however, no trials have evaluated an accelerated rTMS protocol in a subacute stroke population. We hypothesized that an accelerated rTMS protocol will be a safe and viable option to treat PSD symptoms. Methods: Patients (N = 6) with radiographic evidence of ischemic stroke within the last 2 weeks to 6 months with Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) scores >7 were recruited for an open label study using an accelerated rTMS protocol as follows: High-frequency (20-Hz) rTMS at 110% resting motor threshold (RMT) was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) during five sessions per day over four consecutive days for a total of 20 sessions. Safety assessment and adverse events were documented based on the patients' responses following each day of stimulation. Before and after the 4-days neurostimulation protocol, outcome measures were obtained for the HAMD, modified Rankin Scale (mRS), functional independence measures (FIM), and National Institutes of Health Stroke Scales (NIHSS). These same measures were obtained at 3-months follow up. Results: HAMD significantly decreased (Wilcoxon p = 0.03) from M = 15.5 (2.81)−4.17 (0.98) following rTMS, a difference which persisted at the 3-months follow-up (p = 0.03). No statistically significant difference in FIM, mRS, or NIHSS were observed. No significant adverse events related to the treatment were observed and patients tolerated the stimulation protocol well overall. Conclusions: This pilot study indicates that an accelerated rTMS protocol is a safe and viable option, and may be an effective alternative or adjunctive therapy for patients suffering from PSD. Future randomized, controlled studies are needed to confirm these preliminary findings. Clinical Trial Registration: https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04093843.
The therapeutic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in elderly depression patients$$$ Background:Depression, a common psychiatric disorder in elderly, serves as a remarkable precipitating factor for suicide among the elderly people. Here, a randomized double-blinded study was performed to investigate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on improving the clinical symptoms and reducing suicidal ideation in elderly patients with depression.Methods:In this study, 103 elderly patients with depression and suicidal ideation were randomly divided into 2 groups, 48 cases in the rTMS group and 55 cases in the control group (sham rTMS). Both groups received routine drug therapy with rTMS or sham rTMS. The patients received evaluation by Hamilton depression scale and self-rating idea of suicide scale before treatment and after 2 and 4 weeks of treatment, respectively.Results:The measurement from the present study demonstrated that Hamilton depression scale and self-rating idea of suicide scale scores decreased to varying degrees in the 2 groups after treatment, and the decrease was more significant in rTMS group. The rate of marked effectiveness was much higher in rTMS group after 2 weeks of treatment compared with the control group. Furthermore, the rate of moderate effectiveness at 4 weeks after treatment was significantly higher in rTMS group compared with the control group.Conclusion:Together, the present study shows that rTMS with routine drug therapy exhibited effect with quick onset to improve the clinical symptoms and reduce suicidal ideation in elderly patients with depression.
The Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program: An update on bipolar depression$$$ Background: The Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program (PAPHSS) published algorithms for bipolar depression in 1999 and 2010. Developments over the past 9 years suggest that another update is needed. Methods: The 2010 algorithm and associated references were reevaluated. A literature search was conducted on PubMed for recent studies and review articles to see what changes in the recommendations were justified. Exceptions to the main algorithm for special patient populations, including those with attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), substance use disorders, anxiety disorders, and women of childbearing potential, and those with common medical comorbidities were considered. Results: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is still the first-line option for patients in need of urgent treatment. Five medications are recommended for early usage in acute bipolar depression, singly or in combinations when monotherapy fails, the order to be determined by considerations such as side effect vulnerability and patient preference. The five are lamotrigine, lurasidone, lithium, quetiapine, and cariprazine. After trials of these, possible options include antidepressants (bupropion and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are preferred) or valproate (very small evidence-base). In bipolar II depression, the support for antidepressants is a little stronger but depression with mixed features and rapid cycling would usually lead to further postponement of antidepressants. Olanzapine+fluoxetine, though Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for bipolar depression, is not considered until beyond this point, due to metabolic side effects. The algorithm concludes with a table of other possible treatments that have some evidence. Conclusions: This revision incorporates the latest FDA-approved treatments (lurasidone and cariprazine) and important new studies and organizes the evidence systematically.
Brain stimulation in eating disorders: State of the art and future perspectives$$$ The management of eating disorders (EDs) is still difficult and few treatments are effective. Recently, several studies have described the important contribution of non-invasive brain stimulation (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, and electroconvulsive therapy) and invasive brain stimulation (deep brain stimulation and vagal nerve stimulation) for ED management. This review summarizes the available evidence supporting the use of brain stimulation in ED. All published studies on brain stimulation in ED as well as ongoing trials registered at clinicaltrials.gov were examined. Articles on neuromodulation research and perspective articles were also included. This analysis indicates that brain stimulation in EDs is still in its infancy. Literature data consist mainly of case reports, cases series, open studies, and only a few randomized controlled trials. Consequently, the evidence supporting the use of brain stimulation in EDs remains weak. Finally, this review discusses future directions in this research domain (e.g., sites of modulation, how to enhance neuromodulation efficacy, personalized protocols).
What do we know about transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression?$$$ The interest in using non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) for the treatment of major depression (MD), including treatment resistant depression, is growing rapidly. The paper by Bennabi and Haffen (Brain Sci. 2018, 8) was an important step towards the formal acceptance of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a possible form of therapy. Their review demonstrated favourable support for the beneficial effects of tDCS for MD, coupled with necessary practical considerations, such as its relatively low cost, portability/ease of use in clinical settings, non-invasiveness, and good tolerability. Here, we provide a follow-up to their review and sketch a current update. Means for optimizing tDCS efficacy and potential limitations of current studies are discussed.
Interventions to address health outcomes among autistic adults: A systematic review$$$ Research has shown that autistic adults have poor health outcomes. We conducted a systematic review to identify existing interventions to address health outcomes for autistic adults and to determine whether these interventions address the priorities of the autistic community. We searched PubMed for articles that included an intervention, a primary health outcome measured at the individual (not system) level, and a sample population of at least 50% autistic adults. Studies were excluded if they were not peer-reviewed, had a focus on caregivers, were expert opinions on specific interventions, untested protocols, or interventions without a primary health outcome. Out of the 778 articles reviewed, 19 were found to meet the stated criteria. Based on the evidence gathered, two were considered emerging evidence-based approaches: cognitive behavioral approaches and mindfulness. The remaining interventions included in the review did not have sufficient evidence to support current use with this population. The majority of the studies included samples of young autistic adults, primarily male, without an intellectual disability. Anxiety, quality of life, depression, and behavioral issues were among the health outcomes measured in the final included articles. More research on preferred interventions with prioritized health outcomes of the autistic adult population is needed. Lay abstract: Autistic adults have more health problems then their same-aged peers. Yet little research has been conducted that focuses on addressing these health problems. In order to guide future research, it is important to know what intervention studies have been done to improve health outcomes among autistic adults. The project team and student assistants read studies that were published between 2007 and 2018 in the online research database, PubMed. We looked for studies published in English, which were peer-reviewed and included (1) an intervention, (2) an outcome that was related to health, and (3) a study group that included autistic adults. We did not include studies that had outcomes about employment (unless there was a health outcome), studies about caregivers or caregiving, or expert opinions about interventions. Of 778 reviewed articles, 19 studies met all of the criteria above. Within these studies, two approaches were found to have emerging evidence for their use in autistic adults: cognitive behavioral interventions and mindfulness-based approaches for improved mental health outcomes. The remaining intervention approaches did not have enough articles to support their use. Many of the outcomes were about reduced symptoms of co-occurring mental health diagnoses (e.g. reduced anxiety, depression). Most of the participants in these studies were male and did not have intellectual disability. Most study participants were adults younger than 40. There are not many intervention studies that address health outcomes among autistic adults. More research is needed on interventions which are desired by the adult autism community and address preferred health outcomes such as increased quality of life or well-being.
The impact of anodal tdcs on the attentional networks as a function of trait anxiety and depressive symptoms: A preregistered double-blind sham-controlled experiment$$$ Attention is a multifaceted construct, including three distinct attentional net-works: the alerting, orienting, and executive conflict networks. Recently, researchers have started to envision strategies to enhance the attentional networks, and transcra-nial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has emerged as a promising tool to do so, especially regarding the executive conflict network. On the other hand, other research lines have suggested that anodal tDCS might yield more substantial impacts among depressive and anxious participants. In this preregistered study, we thus examined two questions. First, we wanted to replicate previous observations and tested whether anodal tDCS does improve the executive conflict network's efficiency. Second, we set out to clarify the impact of anxiety and depressive symptoms on this effect. To do so, we adopted a double-blind within-subject protocol in an unselected sample (n = 50) and delivered a single session of anodal— applied over the dorsolateral part of the left prefrontal cortex—versus sham tDCS during the completion of a task assessing the attentional networks. We assessed anxiety and depressive symptoms at baseline. Although there were no significant direct effects of tDCS on the attentional networks, we found that the higher the levels of depression and trait anxiety, the larger the executive conflict network's enhancement during tDCS. By highlighting the importance of trait anxiety and depression when considering the impact of tDCS on the attentional networks, this study fulfills a valuable niche in clinical neurosci-ence, wherein preclinical data provide critical clues for larger, more definitive future translational efforts.
Comparison of the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) plus agomelatine to ECT plus placebo in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is commonly used to treat patients with treatment-resistant depression. We aimed to investigate whether combining an antidepressant agent with ECT might enhance therapeutic efficacy and prevent early relapse. Method: During the acute ECT phase, patients (N = 97) with treatment-resistant depression were randomized to receive ECT plus agomelatine 50 mg/day (n = 48) or ECT plus placebo (n = 49). Symptom severity measures, including the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) and other scales, functional impairment, quality of life, neuropsychological tests, adverse events and attitudes toward ECT, were assessed regularly. Remission was defined as a HAMD-17 score ≤7. If patients achieved post-ECT remission, they were prescribed agomelatine 50 mg/day and participated in a 12-week follow-up trial. HAMD-17 was rated at 4-week intervals. Relapse was defined as a HAMD-17 score ≥14, or rehospitalization for a psychiatric reason. Results: The two treatment groups were comparable at (i) baseline variables; (ii) score changes in all symptom measures, functional impairment, quality of life, and neuropsychological tests; (iii) frequency of adverse events and attitudes toward ECT; and (iv) post-ECT response/remission rates. There were no statistically significant differences following ECT in relapse rates and time to relapse between these two groups. Conclusion: Adding agomelatine to ECT yielded comparable response/remission rates to ECT without agomelatine in the acute ECT phase. Starting agomelatine in combination with ECT did not seem to be more efficacious in preventing relapse than starting agomelatine after the acute ECT course. More research is needed to guide clinical recommendations.
Modulation of self-appraisal of illness, medication adherence, life quality and autonomic functioning by transcranial direct current stimulation in schizophrenia patients$$$ Objectives: Little is known about the impact of fronto-temporal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on attitudes toward mental illness, psychosocial and autonomic functioning, life quality, and medication adherence among schizophrenia patients. Methods: Sixty schizophrenia patients were randomly allocated to receive 10 sessions of active (2 mA, 20 min, 2 sessions/day for five weekdays) or sham fronto-temporal tDCS. Self-Appraisal of Illness Questionnaire (SAIQ), Medication Adherence Rating Scale (MARS), World Health Organization Quality of Life-BREF (WHOQOL-BREF) and indices of heart rate variability (HRV) were measured at baseline, immediately after tDCS and at one-month follow-up visit. Results: There were significant group-by-time interactions for scores of SAIQ presence/outcome subscale, total MARS and its subscale of subjective response to taking medication, WHOQOL-BREF psychological domain. Relative to sham, tDCS significantly improved self-awareness of presence/outcome of schizophrenia (Cohen's d = 0.465, p = 0.0011), subjective response to taking medication (Cohen's d = 0.639, p < 0.001) and psychological domain of life quality (Cohen's d = 0.459, p = 0.00114). These effects lasted for less than one month. The group-by-time interactions were non-significant for clinician-rated psychosocial functioning, mean RR intervals, and all HRV indices. Conclusion: Fronto-temporal tDCS briefly optimizes self-reported insight levels, beliefs about treatment adherence, and psychological domain of life quality in patients with schizophrenia. Further studies are required to confirm whether patients treated with 5-day, 10-session tDCS in combination with multisession “maintenance” stimulation every month would attain favourable outcomes. Significance: We provide novel evidence for the potential utility of tDCS in schizophrenia.
Vascular endothelial growth factor and pigment epithelial-derived factor in the peripheral response to ketamine$$$ Background: Ketamine is a rapid-acting antidepressant but its mechanism remains unclear. Vascular endothelial growth factor growth factor (VEGF) has been reported in the antidepressant action of ketamine in rodents. VEGF and pigment epithelial-derived factor (PEDF) signalling are closely linked and both are dysregulated in depression. We explored the effect of a single infusion of ketamine, with midazolam as comparison, on peripheral whole blood mRNA levels of vascular endothelial growth factor A (VEGFA) and PEDF, and the VEGFA/PEDF ratio, in patients with depression. Methods: Twenty-five patients with depression were randomised to either ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) or midazolam (0.045 mg/kg) infusions over 40 min. Blood plasma samples were taken 1 h before the first infusion and 4 h after the infusion start. mRNA was extracted and qRT-PCR performed to analyse gene expression. Results: Single infusions of ketamine and midazolam both decreased depression scores (F(1,21) = 102.40, p < 0.000). There was a significant group × time interaction for VEGFA mRNA levels (F(1, 21) = 5.207, p = 0.029), with ketamine increasing VEGFA levels. There was no significant effect of either ketamine or midazolam on PEDF levels. There was a significant group × time interaction for VEGFA/PEDF mRNA ratio, with ketamine alone increasing this ratio (F(1, 11) = 12.085, p = 0.005). Limitations: Patients were on psychotropic medication and continued treatment as usual throughout the study. Conclusions: These preliminary results support a role for VEGF in the action of ketamine and suggest a novel role for VEGF/PEDF in the molecular response to ketamine.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression symptoms and cognitive function in treating patients with postpartum depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been used to treat postpartum depression (PPD), but its effectiveness is still uncertain. To evaluate the effect of rTMS on depression symptoms and recognition function in patients with PPD, we systematically searched CNKI, WanFang, VIP, EMbase, PubMed, CENTRAL, Web of Science, Physiotherapy Evidence Database from inception to June 2019 for randomized controlled trials (RCT) in English or Chinese concerning PPD in women treated with rTMS. Reference lists were also searched. RCT were included if they compared rTMS with no intervention or sham in patients with PPD. Related data was extracted and risk of bias was assessed by two investigators independently. Of 81 identified studies, 14 met our inclusion criteria (n=884 participants). Compared with control group, rTMS treatment yielded a reduction in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score and Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale score, and improved the cognitive function of patients with PPD. Current evidence of RCT showed that rTMS could improve depression symptoms and cognitive function in patients with PPD.
Impact of comorbid PTSD on outcome of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) for veterans with depression$$$ Objective: A recent randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for major depressive disorder (MDD) in veterans raised the question of whether comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) negatively impacted the outcome of TMS in veterans. To address this, a quality database was analyzed to compare outcomes of MDD treated with TMS in veterans with and without comorbid PTSD. Methods: The clinical outcomes of all consecutive veterans with MDD treated with TMS at the James A. Haley Veterans' Hospital as outpatients from October 2013 through September 2018 were included. Patients were initially evaluated by an experienced psychiatrist, and the diagnosis of MDD was made by clinical evaluation per DSM-IV-TR/DSM-5 criteria. At the start of treatment, after every 5 treatments, and at the end of treatment, patients were assessed with self-report and clinician-rated scales of depression. All data were abstracted from an existing quality database. Results: Among the 118 patients treated with TMS for depression, 55 (47%) had comorbid PTSD and 63 (53%) had no comorbid PTSD. Response and remission rates by score on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale were similar between patients with PTSD (52.5% and 40.9%, respectively) and without PTSD (53.8% and 35.6%, respectively). No seizures or persistent adverse effects were observed or reported in either group. Conclusions: Comorbid PTSD did not impact the outcome of TMS for depression in this sample of veterans. Future studies should include formal ratings of PTSD to determine if the severity of PTSD affects the outcome.
The effect of adding dexmedetomidine on change in heart rate and blood pressure after induction of anesthesia with thiopental sodium in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ A randomized clinical trial study; Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an appropriate way in treatment of major depression. ECT is usually associated with acute hyperdynamic responses. The aim of this study was to investigate the effect of dexmedetomidine on changes in heart rate and blood pressure after induction of anesthesia with thiopental sodium in children treated with ECT. Methods: In this study, 60 children who were candidates for ECT were randomly divided into two groups, who received dexmedetomidine (2 μg/kg) or normal salin 0.9% (1 mg) before ECT. Hemodynamic changes were recorded at 1, 3, 5, and 10 minutes after intubation. Findings: After intervention, the incidence of alteration in arterial oxygen saturation, tachycardia and bradycardia, any change in blood pressure, and heart rate was not significantly different between two groups. The mean duration of induced seizure was not significantly different between the two groups, but return of breathing and recovery time were significantly higher in the intervention group (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Administration of 2 μg/kg dexmedetomidine in children receiving ECT did not significantly alter hemodynamic parameters such as arterial oxygen saturation, blood pressure, heart rate, and complications in comparison with controls; hence it increased return of breathing and recovery time compared to control group.
Canadian Stroke Best Practice Recommendations: Mood, Cognition and Fatigue following Stroke, 6th edition update 2019$$$ The 2019 update of the Canadian Stroke Best Practice Recommendations (CSBPR) for Mood, Cognition and Fatigue following Stroke is a comprehensive set of evidence-based guidelines addressing three important issues that can negatively impact the lives of people who have had a stroke. These include post-stroke depression and anxiety, vascular cognitive impairment, and post-stroke fatigue. Following stroke, approximately 20% to 50% of all persons may be affected by at least one of these conditions. There may also be overlap between conditions, particularly fatigue and depression. If not recognized and treated in a timely matter, these conditions can lead to worse long-term outcomes. The theme of this edition of the CSBPR is Partnerships and Collaborations, which stresses the importance of integration and coordination across the healthcare system to ensure timely and seamless care to optimize recovery and outcomes. Accordingly, these recommendations place strong emphasis on the importance of timely screening and assessments, and timely and adequate initiation of treatment across care settings. Ideally, when screening is suggestive of a mood or cognition issue, patients and families should be referred for in-depth assessment by healthcare providers with expertise in these areas. As the complexity of patients treated for stroke increases, continuity of care and strong communication among healthcare professionals, and between members of the healthcare team and the patient and their family is an even bigger imperative, as stressed throughout the recommendations, as they are critical elements to ensure smooth transitions from acute care to active rehabilitation and reintegration into their community.
Effect of low frequency repetitive magnetic stimulation at Shenmen (HT7) on sleep quality in patients with chronic insomnia$$$ Background:Insomnia is a common, recurrent, and tenacious sleep problem, especially the chronic insomnia. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (r-DLPFC) is used in chronic insomnia, and repetitive magnetic stimulation (rMS) at Shenmen (HT7) acupoint may be an alternative approach. However, the efficacy and mechanism of rMS at HT7 acupoint for chronic insomnia has not been confirmed.Methods/design:This is a 3-armed randomized positive-controlled noninferiority clinical trial. We will allocate 45 subjects aged between 18 and 65 years old, diagnosed with initial chronic insomnia over 3 months to 3 groups randomly in a ratio of 1:1:1. Patients in the experimental group will be treated with rMS at HT7 acupoint while the others in the control group will be treated with rTMS at r-DLPFC or waiting treatment. All will be given rMS at HT7 or rTMS at r-DLPFC or no treatment for 10 days, and then received 20-day follow-up. Patients will be evaluated with the insomnia severity index and Pittsburgh sleep quality index for sleep state, Beck Depression Inventory-2nd edition scores for the depression state, Beck anxiety inventory scores for the anxiety state, and Montreal Cognitive Assessment scores for the cognition state before and the 10th day of treatment, 30th day of follow-up; study on mechanisms of rMS will be revealed through the resting motor threshold diversity of the motor cortex before and the 10th day of treatment, 30th day of follow-up. Baseline characteristics of patients will be summarized by groups and compared with Chi-squared for categorical variables, and analysis of variance or Kruskal-Wallis test for the continuous variables. Primary and secondary outcomes according to the measurement times are applicable to univariate repetitive measurement deviation analysis or analysis of variance, or Kruskal-Wallis test.Conclusion:The present study is designed to preliminarily investigate short-term efficacy and mechanism of rMS at HT7 acupoint therapy on chronic insomnia, also to explore the correlation between motor cortex excitability and chronic insomnia. With this research, we are looking forward to find out an appropriate alternative and easy therapy for chronic insomnia individuals compared with rTMS at r-DLPFC.Trial Registration:The trial was registered on Chinese Clinical Trial Registry (http://www.chictr.org.cn/index.aspx) with the ID ChiCTR1900026844 on October 24, 2019.
Connectivity guided theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant moderate to severe depression: Study protocol for a randomised double-blind controlled trial (BRIGhTMIND)$$$ Introduction The BRIGhTMIND study aims to determine the clinical effectiveness, cost-effectiveness and mechanism of action of connectivity guided intermittent theta burst stimulation (cgiTBS) versus standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in adults with moderate to severe treatment resistant depression. Methods and analysis The study is a randomised double-blind controlled trial with 1:1 allocation to either 20 sessions of (1) cgiTBS or (2) neuronavigated rTMS not using connectivity guidance. A total of 368 eligible participants with a diagnosis of current unipolar major depressive disorder that is both treatment resistant (defined as scoring 2 or more on the Massachusetts General Hospital Staging Score) and moderate to severe (scoring >16 on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17)), will be recruited from primary and secondary care settings at four treatment centres in the UK. The primary outcome is depression response at 16 weeks (50% or greater reduction in HDRS-17 score from baseline). Secondary outcomes include assessments of self-rated depression, anxiety, psychosocial functioning, cognition and quality of life at 8, 16 and 26 weeks postrandomisation. Cost-effectiveness, patient acceptability, safety, mechanism of action and predictors of response will also be examined. Ethics and dissemination Ethical approval was granted by East Midlands Leicester Central Research Ethics Committee (ref: 18/EM/0232) on 30 August 2018. The results of the study will be published in relevant peer-reviewed journals, and then through professional and public conferences and media. Further publications will explore patient experience, moderators and mediators of outcome and mechanism of action. Trial registration number ISRCTN19674644
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Improvement of Mental Health and Clinical Parameters in Depressed Hemodialysis Patients: a Pilot Study$$$ BACKGROUND: This study aimed to evaluate the therapeutic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a nonpharmacologic treatment in depressed hemodialysis patients. METHODS: Patients who scored ≥ 5 on the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 were randomized to either the rTMS (n = 7) or sham group (n = 7). The rTMS group was stimulated with a 110% motor threshold and 10 Hz on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 20 minutes, three times a week, for 4 weeks. In the sham group, the "1-wing 90-degree method" was used. We analyzed clinical indices before and after the intervention, as well as data from quantitative electroencephalography (frontal alpha asymmetry [FAA]), and various psychiatric questionnaires (Beck Depression Inventory-II, Beck Anxiety Inventory [BAI], Symptom Checklist-90-Revised Somatization Subscale [SCL-90R-SOM]), and Perceived Stress Scale. RESULTS: One month after rTMS, the changes in hemoglobin A1c levels in the rTMS group were significantly greater than those in the sham group (F = 6.687, P = 0.032). The changes in BAI scores in the rTMS group were significantly greater than those in the sham group (F = 6.700, P = 0.025), and the changes in SCL-90R-SOM scores in the rTMS group were greater than those in the sham group (F = 4.943, P = 0.048). In addition, the changes in the FAA value at the F7 and F8 electrodes in the rTMS group were greater than those in the sham group (F = 6.468, P = 0.027). CONCLUSION: In depressed hemodialysis patients, rTMS may improve anxiety and somatization symptoms, which may lead to improvements in clinical measures. Trial Registration Clinical Research Information Service Identifier: KCT0004082.
Can mild cognitive impairment be stabilized by showering brain mitochondria with laser photons?$$$ There is now substantial evidence that cerebral blood flow (CBF) declines with age. From age 20 to 60, CBF is estimated to dip about 16% and continues to drop at a rate of 0.4%/year. This CBF dip will slowly reduce oxygen/glucose delivery to brain thus lowering ATP energy production needed by brain cells to perform normal activities. Reduced ATP production from mitochondrial loss or damage in the wear-and-tear of aging worsens when vascular risk factors (VRF) to Alzheimer's disease develop that can accelerate both age-decline CBF and mitochondrial deficiency to a level where mild cognitive impairment (MCI) develops. To date, no pharmacological or any other treatment has been successful in reversing, stabilizing or delaying MCI. For the first time in medical interventions, a non-pharmacological, non-invasive, well-tolerated, easy to perform, free of significant side effects and cost-effective treatment may achieve what virtually all AD treatments in the past have been unable to accomplish. This intervention uses transcranial infrared brain stimulation (TIBS), a form of photobiomodulation (PBM). PBM is a bioenergetic non-ionizing, therapeutic approach using low level light emission from laser or light emitting diodes. PBM has been used in a number of neurological conditions including Parkinson's disease, depression, traumatic brain injury, and stroke with diverse reported benefits. This brief review examines the impact of reduced energy supply stemming from chronic brain hypoperfusion in the aging brain. In this context, the use of TIBS is planned in a randomized, placebo-controlled study of MCI patients to be done at our University Clinic. This article is part of the special issue entitled ‘The Quest for Disease-Modifying Therapies for Neurodegenerative Disorders’.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in depressive episodes$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown mixed results for depression treatment. Objective: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of trials using tDCS to improve depressive symptoms. Methods: A systematic review was performed from the first date available to January 06, 2020 in PubMed, EMBASE, Cochrane Library, and additional sources. We included randomized, sham-controlled clinical trials (RCTs) enrolling participants with an acute depressive episode and compared the efficacy of active versus sham tDCS, including association with other interventions. The primary outcome was the Hedges' g for continuous depression scores; secondary outcomes included odds ratios (ORs) and number needed to treat (NNT) for response, remission, and acceptability. Random effects models were employed. Sources of heterogeneity were explored via metaregression, sensitivity analyses, subgroup analyses, and bias assessment. Results: We included 23 RCTs (25 datasets, 1,092 participants), most (57%) presenting a low risk of bias. Active tDCS was superior to sham regarding endpoint depression scores (k = 25, g = 0.46, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.22–0.70), and also achieved superior response (k = 18, 33.3% vs. 16.56%, OR = 2.28 [1.52–3.42], NNT = 6) and remission (k = 18, 19.12% vs. 9.78%, OR = 2.12 [1.42–3.16], NNT = 10.7) rates. Moreover, active tDCS was as acceptable as sham. No risk of publication bias was identified. Cumulative meta-analysis showed that effect sizes are basically unchanged since total sample reached 439 participants. Conclusions: TDCS is modestly effective in treating depressive episodes. Further well-designed, large-scale RCTs are warranted.
Indirect frontocingulate structural connectivity predicts clinical response to accelerated rtms in major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an established treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), but its clinical efficacy remains rather modest. One reason for this could be that the propagation of rTMS effects via structural connections from the stimulated area to deeper brain structures (such as the cingulate cortices) is suboptimal. Methods: We investigated whether structural connectivity — derived from diffusion MRI data — could serve as a biomarker to predict treatment response. We hypothe-sized that stronger structural connections between the patient-specific stimulation position in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and the cingulate cortices would predict better clinical outcomes. We applied accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) to the left dlPFC in 40 patients with MDD. We correlated baseline structural connectivity, quantified using various metrics (fractional anisotropy, mean diffusivity, tract density, tract volume and number of tracts), with changes in depression severity scores after aiTBS. Results: Exploratory results (p < 0.05) showed that structural connectivity between the patient-specific stimulation site and the caudal and posterior parts of the cingulate cortex had predictive potential for clinical response to aiTBS. Limitations: We used the diffusion tensor to perform tractography. A main limitation was that multiple fibre directions within voxels could not be re-solved, which might have led to missing connections in some patients. Conclusion: Stronger structural frontocingular connections may be of essence to optimally benefit from left dlPFC rTMS treatment in MDD. Even though the results are promising, further investigation with larger numbers of patients, more advanced tractography algorithms and classic daily rTMS treatment paradigms is warranted. Clinical trial registration: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT01832805.
High-frequency versus theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of poststroke cognitive impairment in humans$$$ Background: Because the reliability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treating poststroke cognitive impairment has not been convincingly demonstrated, we systematically examined the effectiveness of this regimen with 2 protocols. Methods: We randomly allocated 41 patients with poststroke cognitive impairment to receive 5 Hz rTMS (n = 11), intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS; n = 15) or sham stimulation (n = 15). Each group received 10 stimulation sessions over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We performed the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) and the Beck Depression Inventory at baseline and after the intervention. Results: The 5 Hz rTMS group showed significantly greater improvement than the sham group in RBANS total score (p = 0.006), attention (p = 0.001) and delayed memory (p < 0.001). The iTBS group showed significantly greater improvement than the sham group in RBANS total score (p = 0.005) and delayed memory (p = 0.007). The 5 Hz rTMS group exhibited a superior modulating effect in attention compared to the iTBS group (p = 0.016). Patients without comorbid hypertension (p = 0.008) were predisposed to favourable therapeutic outcomes. Limitations: Although we included only patients with left hemispheric stroke, hetero-geneity associated with cortical and subcortical implications existed. We did not investigate the remote effects of rTMS. Conclusion: Our results demonstrated that both 5 Hz rTMS and iTBS were effective for poststroke cognitive impairment in terms of global cogni-tion, attention and memory function; the domain of attention was susceptible to 5 Hz modulation. Treatment with 5 Hz rTMS may slow cognitive decline, representing both a pivotal process in poststroke cognitive impairment and an aspect of neuroplasticity that contributes to disease-modifying strategies. Clinical trial registration: NCT02006615; clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02006615.
Effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy in patients with “less treatment-resistant” depression by the Maudsley Staging Model$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for patients with mood disorders and is most often used for treatment-resistant cases. This study aimed to examine the effectiveness of ECT in a real-world treatment sample in a Chinese psychiatric hospital which included both treatment-resistant and nontreatment-resistant patients. Methods: An observational study of symptom outcomes from admission to the time of discharge was conducted with 37 inpatients diagnosed with unipolar or bipolar depression treated with ECT. Symptom severity was assessed with the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scales for Depression (HRSD-17) and treatment-resistance with the Maudsley Staging Model (MSM). Stratifying at the MSM median admission characteristics and symptom change was compared between patients who were treatment-resistant (n = 18) and who were not (n = 19). The outcome difference between groups was compared using analyses of covariance adjusted for baseline characteristics including symptom severity, followed by linear regression to identify factors associated symptom improvement in the entire sample. Results: The sample (n = 37) showed moderate treatment-resistance (MSM = 7.30 ± 1.13) at admission and both groups received 8.3 ± 2 ECT sessions. The treatment-resistant group had a smaller proportion of bipolar patients and more severe symptoms, but showed no significant difference from the nontreatment-resistant group in HDRS-17 scores at the time of discharge (adjusted means = 6.23 ± 1.00 vs. 5.94 ± 0.97, Partial η2 = 0.001, p =.845). Baseline symptom severity was the strongest correlate of reduction in HDRS-17 scores (β = 0.891, p <.001). Conclusions: Symptom change with ECT in depression did not differ by level of treatment-resistance but was greatest among those with more severe baseline symptoms. Correlates of ECT effectiveness should be further evaluated in stratified randomized trials.
Treating refractory obsessive–compulsive disorder with transcranial direct current stimulation: An open label study$$$ Background: Obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) is a complex disorder with 40%–60% of patients' refractory to treatment. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been shown to induce potent and long-lasting effects on cortical excitability. The aim of the present clinical trial was to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy and tolerability of cathodal tDCS over the supplementary motor area (SMA) in treatment-resistant OCD patients. Methods: Twenty-one treatment-resistant OCD outpatients received 10 sessions of tDCS. Each treatment session consisted of 2 mA stimuli for 30 min. The cathode was positioned over the bilateral SMA and the anode over the right supraorbital area. Patients were evaluated at baseline, end of treatment, one-month follow-up, and three-month follow-up. Response to treatment was defined as at least a decrease of 35% on the Yale–Brown Obsessive–Compulsive Scale (YBOCS) and a score of 2 or less on the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement (CGI-I) between baseline and 1-month follow-up. Results: There was a significant decrease of YBOCS scores between baseline and one-month assessment. At one month, five patients (24%) were considered as responders and 3 (15%) at 3 months. We also observed concomitant changes in depressive symptoms, and insight. The treatment was well tolerated. Short-lasting side effects were reported as localized tingling sensation and skin redness. Conclusion: Our results suggest that the use of cathodal tDCS over the SMA and anodal tDCS over the right supraorbital area in OCD treatment-refractory patients is safe and promising to improve obsessive and compulsive symptoms. Large randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm this positive result.
Precision non-implantable neuromodulation therapies: A perspective for the depressed brain$$$ Current first-line treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD) include pharmacotherapy and cognitive-behavioral therapy. However, one-third of depressed patients do not achieve remission after multiple medication trials, and psychotherapy can be costly and time-consuming. Although non-implantable neuromodulation (NIN) techniques such as transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, electroconvulsive therapy, and magnetic seizure therapy are gaining momentum for treating MDD, the efficacy of non-convulsive techniques is still modest, whereas use of convulsive modalities is limited by their cognitive side effects. In this context, we propose that NIN techniques could benefit from a precision-oriented approach. In this review, we discuss the challenges and opportunities in implementing such a framework, focusing on enhancing NIN effects via a combination of individualized cognitive interventions, using closed-loop approaches, identifying multimodal biomarkers, using computer electric field modeling to guide targeting and quantify dosage, and using machine learning algorithms to integrate data collected at multiple biological levels and identify clinical responders. Though promising, this framework is currently limited, as previous studies have employed small samples and did not sufficiently explore pathophysiological mechanisms associated with NIN response and side effects. Moreover, cost-effectiveness analyses have not been performed. Nevertheless, further advancements in clinical trials of NIN could shift the field toward a more ‘‘precision-oriented’’ practice.
Intermittent theta-burst stimulation moderates interaction between increment of N-Acetyl-Aspartate in anterior cingulate and improvement of unipolar depression$$$ Background: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), a novel repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) technique, appears to have antidepressant effects when applied over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). However, its underlying neurobiological mechanisms are unclear. Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS) provides in vivo measurements of cerebral metabolites altered in major depressive disorder (MDD) like N-acetyl-aspartate (NAA) and choline-containing compounds (Cho). We used MRS to analyse effects of iTBS on the associations between the shifts in the NAA and Cho levels during therapy and MDD improvement. Methods: In-patients with unipolar MDD (N = 57), in addition to treatment as usual, were randomized to receive 20 iTBS or sham stimulations applied over left DLPFC over four weeks. Single-voxel 1H-MRS of the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) was performed at baseline and follow-up. Increments of concentrations, as well as MDD improvement, were defined as endpoints. We tested a moderated mediation model of effects using the PROCESS macro (an observed variable ordinary least squares and logistic regression path analysis modeling tool) for SPSS. Results: Improvement of depressive symptoms was significantly associated with decrease of Cho/NAA ratio, mediated by NAA. iTBS had a significant moderating effect enhancing the relationship between NAA change and depression improvement. Conclusions: Our findings suggest a potential neurochemical pathway and mechanisms of antidepressant action of iTBS, which may moderate the improvement of metabolic markers of neuronal viability. iTBS might increase neuroplasticity, thus facilitating normalization of neuronal circuit function.
Brain functional effects of electroconvulsive therapy during emotional processing in major depressive disorder$$$ Background: In treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD), electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a treatment with high efficacy. While knowledge regarding changes in brain structure following ECT is growing, the effects of ECT on brain function during emotional processing are largely unknown. Objective: We investigated the effects of ECT on the activity of the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and amygdala during negative emotional stimuli processing and its association with clinical response. Methods: In this non-randomized longitudinal study, patients with MDD (n = 37) were assessed before and after treatment with ECT. Healthy controls (n = 37) were matched regarding age and gender. Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) was obtained twice, at baseline and after six weeks using a supraliminal face-matching paradigm. In order to evaluate effects of clinical response, additional post-hoc analyses were performed comparing responders to non-responders. Results: After ECT, patients with MDD showed a statistically significant increase in ACC activity during processing of negative emotional stimuli (pFWE = .039). This effect was driven by responders (pFWE = .023), while non-responders showed no increase. Responders also had lower pre-treatment ACC activity compared to non-responders (pFWE = .025). No significant effects in the amygdala could be observed. Conclusions: ECT leads to brain functional changes in the ACC, a relevant region for emotional regulation during processing of negative stimuli. Furthermore, baseline ACC activity might serve as a biomarker for treatment response. Findings are in accordance with recent studies highlighting properties of pre-treatment ACC to be associated with general antidepressive treatment response.
“A systematic review of non-invasive neurostimulation for the treatment of depression during pregnancy”$$$ Background: : Antidepressant use in pregnancy is associated with high levels of decision-making difficulty for patients, and psychotherapy may not be effective for severe symptoms. Alternative treatment options are needed. We conducted a systematic review of the clinical effects and tolerability of non-invasive neurostimulation: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS), trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS), and transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation (tVNS) for the treatment of antenatal depression. Methods: : We searched PubMed, Google Scholar and Scopus for published articles in English (1990 to June 2019). Two reviewers reviewed full-text articles, assessed quality, and extracted data on maternal psychiatric, pregnancy and neonatal outcomes. Results: : Of 565 articles, 21 met inclusion criteria: two RCTs (1 rTMS; 1 tDCS), four open-label studies (3 rTMS; 1 tDCS), three case series (3 rTMS), and twelve case reports (9 rTMS; 1 tDCS; 1 tACS; 1 TNS). In all but one published study (1 rTMS), non-invasive neurostimulation resulted in either response or remission of antenatal depression. Minor maternal side effects were reported in rTMS and tDCS studies, but not in other modalities. Fetal adverse effects were not reported in any intervention. A small proportion of participants dropped out of treatment (rTMS, tDCS). Limitations: : Very few randomized trials have been conducted and there is significant heterogeneity in the parameters of the modalities that have been studied. Conclusions: : Non-invasive neurostimulation holds promise as a potentially effective and feasible alternative treatment for antenatal depression. Strategies to enhance recruitment of pregnant women into non-invasive neurostimulation trials that have longitudinal follow-up are needed.
Cognitive and emotional predictors of real versus sham repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment response in methamphetamine use disorder$$$ Background and aims: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) can effectively reduce cravings in methamphetamine use disorder (MUD). However, a considerable group still fails to respond. Cognitive and emotional disturbance, as well as impulsive features, are widespread in patients with MUD and might mediate the treatment response of rTMS. The purpose of this study is to figure out whether these variables can help predicting patients' responses to rTMS treatment. Methods: Ninety-seven patients with severe MUD and thirty-one gender- and age-matched healthy subjects were included. Patients were randomized to receive 20 sessions of real or sham rTMS. Intermittent theta burst protocols (iTBS) or sham iTBS were applied every weekday over the DLPFC for 20 daily sessions. Both groups received regular treatment. Craving induced by drug-related cue was measured before and after stimulation. Cognition was evaluated by using the CogState Battery. Baseline characteristics were collected through the Addiction Severity Index, Patient Health Questionnaire-9, General Anxiety Disorder Scale-7, and Barrett Impulsivity Scale-11. Results: Results showed that patients with MUD have worse spatial working memory, problem-solving ability, as well as depression and anxiety symptoms compared with healthy controls. Cognition and emotion differed between responders (craving decrease ≥60%) and non-responders in real rTMS group but not in the sham group. Better cognitive and emotional functions means that patients have higher possibility for better response to real rTMS treatment. Conclusions: This study suggests that cognitive, emotional and impulsive features could be used to predict the prospective treatment responses of rTMS in patients with MUD.
A synergistic effect between family intervention and rTMS improves cognitive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: The present study explored an efficient new therapy that combined repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and family intervention in addition to risperidone to improve schizophrenia. Methods: A randomized controlled trial (January 2016–September 2017) involving 200 patients, of which 188 patients completed the 12-week study, and 50 controls were conducted in the research. The patients were randomly assigned to 12 weeks of treatment with risperidone alone (risperidone group), rTMS and risperidone (rTMS group), family intervention and risperidone (family intervention group), rTMS and risperidone plus family intervention (combined group). MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB) and the Positive and Negative Symptoms Scale (PANSS) were used to evaluate treatment efficacy. Repeated measures analysis of variance (RMANOVA) were performed to evaluate different treatment efficacy between four groups after 12 weeks of treatment. Results: (1) There were no significant differences in sex, age, education, cognitive function, or PANSS scores between the four groups at baseline (p's > 0.05). (2) There was a significant decrease in the PANSS scores and an increase in the MCCB scores after 12 weeks of treatment in all groups (time effect p's < 0.001). (3) The improvements in positive symptoms and negative symptoms were more obvious in the combined group than in other groups (p's < 0.05). (4) The combined group showed the superior effect in cognition function after 12 weeks. (5) And, interestingly, a remarkable synergistic effect between rTMS and family intervention therapy was observed. Conclusion: There was a synergistic effect between rTMS and the family intervention as an effective combined therapy in improving schizophrenia. This study is registered with Chictr.org, number ChiCTR1900024422 (http://www.chictr.org.cn/edit.aspx?pid=34285&htm=4).
Non-pharmacological interventions for methamphetamine use disorder: a systematic review$$$ Background: Methamphetamine (METH) use is on the rise globally, with the number of treatment seekers increasing exponentially across the globe. Evidence-based therapies are needed to meet rising treatment needs. This systematic review intends to appraise the existing evidence to identify effective non-pharmaceutical approaches for the treatment of METH use disorder. Methods: Five electronic bibliographic databases-Ovid (Medline), Embase, Cumulative Index of Nursing and Allied Health Literature (CINAHL), Web of Science and PsycINFO- were searched to identify relevant studies that were published between January 1995 to February 2020. Studies were selected and assessed by two independent reviewers. A systematic review of data from both randomised control trials (RCT) and non-RCTs was conducted to appraise the evidence. Results: A total of 44 studies were included in the review. Behavioural interventions, i.e. cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), contingency management (CM), exercise, residential rehabilitation based therapies, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and matrix model demonstrated treatment efficacy in promoting abstinence, reducing methamphetamine use or craving in the participants. While CM interventions showed the strongest evidence favouring the outcomes assessed, tailored CBT alone or with CM was also effective in the target population. Conclusions: Behavioural interventions should be considered as the first line of treatment for methamphetamine use disorder. Future studies should address the longevity of the effects, and limitations due to smaller sample sizes and high dropout rates to enable better assessment of evidence.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation using miniaturized devices vs sertraline for depression in Korea: A 6 week, multicenter, randomized, double blind, active-controlled study$$$ We compared the efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) vs. Sertraline in the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in South Korean participants. This was a multi-center, double blind, active controlled study with non-inferiority testing. Patients were randomly assigned to receive tDCS (n = 45) or Sertraline (n = 47). tDCS was administered in 30-min, 2 mA prefrontal stimulation sessions for 10 consecutive weekdays, followed by 2 treatments at 4 and 6 weeks. Sertraline was administered at a dose of 50 mg per day for 6 weeks. The primary outcome measure was a change in the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score at six weeks. Mean MADRS scores decreased by 14.58 ± 8.51 points in the tDCS group and 12.32 ± 8.56 points in the Sertraline group. There was no significant main effect of group (p = 0.5877) or time by group interaction across weeks 0, 3, and 6 (p = 0.1539). Noninferiority of tDCS compared with Sertraline was not demonstrated. The mean difference between the Sertraline and tDCS group was −2.258 (95% confidence interval [CI], −5.795 to 1.27811), and the lower boundary of the CI was lower than the prespecified noninferiority margin of −3.56. There were no significant group differences in the rate of adverse events. In the present study, the noninferiority of tDCS to Sertraline for the treatment of depression was not found in this Korean population.
ECT non­remitters: prognosis and treatment after 12 unilateral electroconvulsive therapy sessions for major depression$$$ Background: Depressive disorder causes significant suffering in patients and caregivers worldwide. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective antidepressant treatment, but little is known about the prognosis and treatment of patients who do not achieve remission with ECT. We investigated prognosis and treatment of patients with major depression who did not achieve remission after 12 unilateral electroconvulsive therapy sessions. Methods: We conducted a retrospective, naturalistic follow-up study. Patients who had previously participated in a double-blind randomized controlled trial that compared brief pulse with ultra-brief pulse ECT and who had not achieved remission after 12 right unilateral (RUL) ECT sessions were selected for this study. We analysed the type of treatments received during the 6-month follow-up and studied the occurrence of remission and response. The primary outcome was remission, defined as a Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale score <10. Results: Eighty-one patients were randomized, of which 18 patients did not remit. Eight of these non-remitters achieved remission during follow-up (44.4%) while 7 did not achieve remission (38.9%). Remission data could not be retrieved for 3 patients (16.7%). Remission was achieved in 6 patients by a combination of continuing unilateral ECT with antidepressants or switching to bilateral ECT. Limitations: This is a retrospective study with only a small number of patients. Treatment after RUL ECT non-remission was not standardized. Conclusion: When patients with major depression do not achieve remission after 12 RUL ECT sessions, they have still a reasonable chance of remission within 6 months. Continuing ECT has the best chance of success.
Effects and safety of the anodal transcraneal direct current electrical stimulation in the cognitive profile of medical residents with acute sleep deprivation$$$ Introduction: Health personnel with chronic sleep deprivation have errors in the performance of procedures, irritability and decreased cognitive function. Direct current stimulation therapy (TDCS) is non-invasive neuromodulation technique capable to modify neuronal excitability in healthy subjects and patients with neuro-psychiatric diseases; Two small preliminary studies have shown that anodal TDCS stimulation improves fatigue, mood and working memory compared to placebo in healthy subjects deprived of sleep. However, never has been tested in health personnel. Methods: It is an exploratory open clinical study that consecutively included 13 medical residents with acute sleep deprivation for a-TDCS treatment (2 mA × 20 min, single session; Starstim 32, Neuroelectrics, Barcelona, Spain) in the left prefrontal dorsolateral region. Prior to therapy, the following neuropsychological tests were applied: Beck Anxiety Inventory, Beck Test for Depression and HVLT, Rey and Taylor Figure, Trail Making Test A and B, Random A Test Digit Retention (from WAIS), Stroop, Digits and symbols, MoCA; after the intervention, the same tests mentioned were applied, adding the BANFE 2 test. A questionnaire of adverse events was applied. Statistical analysis: Descriptive statistics (frequencies, average, ranges and standard deviation) and Wilcoxon test for related samples. The level of significance was 0.05. SPSS v23.0. Results: Thirteen medical residents were included, 12 completed and analyzed; 8 men and 4 women, with an average age of 29.5 (62.2) years with periods of sleep deprivation of 21.6 (61.3) hours. No adverse effects were recorded during treatment. The aTDCs showed a significant difference in the copy of the Rey Figure (p = 0.002), Trail Making Test B (p = 0.005), WAIS IV symbols and keys (p = 0.003), Word Stroop (p = 0.021), Stroop words and colors (p = 0.028) and Stroop PC (p = 00.34). The most affected brain area in BANFE 2 was the orbito-medial region with mild-moderate condition. Conclusion: aTDCS is a safe therapy that induced cognitive improve in working memory, attention, response time to a stimulus, stimulus control, and the ability to eliminate distractors in medical resident with acute sleep deprivation.
Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Sleep Quality among Insomnia and Other Clinical Populations: A Systematic Review$$$ Sleep disturbances are frequently observed among clinical populations, impacting negatively individual's well-being. They are mainly treated with medications and cognitive behavioral therapy, which are associated with side-effects and adherence issues, respectively. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive stimulation technique used to treat several conditions, and there is reason to believe that rTMS can improve sleep quality. This systematic review aims to assess the effects of rTMS on objective/subjective sleep quality measures among insomnia and other clinical populations. Databases searched were: MEDLINE, Web of Science, EBM, EMBASE, PsycINFO and Google Scholar. Inclusion criteria were: 1) adult patients diagnosed with chronic insomnia, or with any other disorder with sleep quality measured; 2) intervention with rTMS; 3) baseline and post-treatment sleep measures, and comparison with sham techniques if available; 4) use of objective (e.g., polysomnography [PSG], actigraphy) or subjective sleep measures (e.g., Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index [PSQI], Insomnia Severity Index [ISI]). Risk of bias was evaluated with Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool for Randomized Controlled Trials. We screened 2127 references and 28 articles were included. Five articles targeted insomnia population, reporting all low-level frequencies protocols and stimulating right posterior, parietal, and left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). All 5 studies used a high number of sessions (10-14) and showed positive and durable effects on different objective/subjective sleep quality measures. A total of 23/28 articles studied sleep in other conditions, including Parkinson (k=5), depression (k=6), or chronic pain (k=3). Main stimulation locations were DLPFC (k=6) and motor cortex (k=6). The majority used high frequencies (k=17) and a high number of sessions (10-30). Overall, 16/23 studies reported sleep improvement. Reported side-effects were minor and transient. Risk of bias was considerable high in the majority of the studies (13 were uncontrolled). Thus, rTMS is a safe technique that can improve sleep quality among insomnia and other clinical populations. Additional research efforts are needed to reduce bias, improve quality of the studies, and characterize optimal brain stimulation parameters to promote rTMS efficacy when treating sleep disturbances.
Stanford accelerated intelligent neuromodulation therapy (Saint) remissionrates in treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is an FDA approved treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD)1-3. Typical courses involve stimulation sessions 5 days/week for six weeks, achieving average remission rates of approximately 32% with an open-label, non-inferiority design3. Several studies have demonstrated the safety and potential enhanced efficacy of accelerated iTBS (aiTBS) which involves multiple daily sessions4-7. Intersession interval timing of these multiple daily sessions for long term potentiation (LTP) optimization has been demonstrated and higher overall stimulation dosing has been shown to improve outcomes8-10. Additionally, higher pre-treatment anti-correlation between the stimulated region of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC) and subcallosal cingulate cortex (SCC) has been associated with better clinical outcomes11-14. Methods: This study aimed to examine the feasibility, safety and preliminary efficacy of an accelerated, high-dose iTBS protocol using functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging (fcMRI)-guided targeting. Twenty-one participants with TRD (average Maudsley Staging Score of 10.33, SD = 2.11) received 5 days of open-label aiTBS. Resting-state fMRI was used to target the region of L-DLPFC which was most anti-correlated to the SCC in each participant. Ten sessions of 1800 pulses of iTBS at 50-minute inter-session intervals for a total of 90,000 TBS pulses were applied over the left dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC) for the 5-day treatment course15. Dosing was administered at 90% motor threshold (MT, adjusted for cortical depth). Results: Depressive symptoms decreased from baseline immediately following SAINT with an 85.06% reduction in the mean Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score from 34.86 (SD=5.29) to 5.00 (SD=6.37). Generalized linear mixed-model (GLMM) analysis revealed a significant effect of time (F3,27=106.742, P<.001) on mean MADRS scores with all follow-up time points being significantly lower than baseline (Bonferroni-corrected pairwise comparisons, P<.001). 90.48% of participants met remission criteria on the Montgomery Asbury Depression Rating Scale (MADRS, defined as a score of ≤10; see Figure 1). The average number of treatment days required for participants to meet remission criteria (score of ≤4 on the HDRS-6) was 2.63 (SD=1.21, ∼26 sessions, n=19, 1 participant did not achieve remission by HDRS-6 criterion, HDRS-6 scores missing for 1 participant; see Figure 2). 60% of participants (n=20) continued to meet remission criteria at the one-month follow-up timepoint. No serious adverse events occurred. The only side effects participants reported were fatigue and some discomfort at both the stimulation site and in the facial muscles during stimulation. Discussion: This highly accelerated, high-dose, iTBS protocol with fcMRI-guided targeting (SAINT) was well tolerated and safe. The potential high efficacy of SAINT may be due to the combination of the accelerated delivery of iTBS sessions, the high-dose of stimulation and the individualized targeting method used. Double-blinded sham-controlled trials are required to confirm the high remission rate found in this initial study.
The truth about electroconvulsive therapy: A new era of knowledge. clinical predictors of therapeutic response to electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered the most effective short-term treatment for patients with severe or treatment-resistant depression. However, approximately one-third of the individuals with depression do not respond to electroconvulsive therapy (UK ECT Review Group, 2003; APA, 2010). Reliable predictors of ECTresponsewould be useful for patient selection, but have not been demonstrated definitively. There has recently been a growing interest on clinical predictors affecting ECT outcome for depressed patients, including sex, psychotic features,medication resistance, melancholic features, polarity of mood disorder, age, duration of the current depressive episode and duration of illness (Bloch et al., 2005; Petrides et al., 2001;Heijnen et al., 2010; Fink et al., 2007; Sienaert et al., 2009; Medda et al., 2014; Altamura et al., 2015). Recent meta-analytic evidence shows that longer depressive episodes and medication failure at baseline are robust predictors of poor response to ECT (Haq et al. 2015). Moreover, the presence of psychotic features and older age are predictors of ECT remission and response. The severity of depression predicts response, but not remission (Van Diermen et al., 2018). Patients' expectations prior to the treatment have been taken into consideration in few studies. ECT effectiveness does neither seem to be subject to a strong placebo effect nor do patients with lower expectation of ECT effectiveness respond better to treatment (Krech et al., 2017). More research on both biological and clinical predictors is needed to further evaluate the position ofECT in treatment protocols for major depression.
Efficacy of bilateral continuous theta burst stimulation in treatment resistant auditory hallucinations: A singleblind, randomized, sham-controlled trial.$$$ Introduction: Around 25-30% of subjects with auditory verbal hallucinations(AVH) in schizophrenia are resistant to antipsychotic treatment. Continuous theta-burst stimulation(cTBS) is a protocol of rTMS(repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation) which is a continuous un-interrupted stimulus train that induces long-term depression-like effects. A stimulation protocol with cTBS for AVH has shown varying results in different trails. We tested cTBS as a treatment strategy for refractory AVH in a Singleblind, sham-controlled trial. Objectives: This study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of cTBS on bilateral TPJ for the treatment-resistant AVH. Methods: Out of seventy patients who were screened, sixteen patients met eligibility criteria and were randomly allocated to cTBS or sham group. They received cTBS or sham treatments over bilateral TPJ twice daily for 12 days. The severity of AVH was assessed independently by blind raters with Auditory Hallucinations Rating Scale(AHRS) at baseline, after completion of treatment and two weeks later. Results: One patient dropped out of the study before completion. In the remaining fifteen, AVH improved in both the groups as measured with AHRS after treatment. However, there was no significant difference between the cTBS and sham group. There were no adverse effects. Conclusions: cTBS intervention showed no specific benefit in treating resistant auditory hallucinations. The effects were general rather than specific to cTBS. Future research should evaluate cTBS as an add-on treatment in schizophrenia without keeping the selection criteria of treatment-resistance as rigid, thereby evaluating the speedier response and thereby increasing the overall efficacy of the combined treatment approach to AVH.
The truth about electroconvulsive therapy: A new era of knowledge. Clinical predictors of therapeutic response to electroconvulsive therapy (symposium)$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered the most effective short-term treatment for patients with severe or treatment-resistant depression. However, approximately one-third of the individuals with depression do not respond to electroconvulsive therapy (UK ECT Review Group, 2003; APA, 2010). Objectives: Reliable predictors of ECT response would be useful for patient selection, but have not been demonstrated definitively. There has recently been a growing interest on clinical predictors affecting ECT outcome for depressed patients, including sex, psychotic features, medication resistance, melancholic features, polarity ofmood disorder, age, duration of the current depressive episode and duration of illness (Bloch et al., 2005; Petrides et al., 2001; Heijnen et al., 2010; Fink et al., 2007; Sienaert et al., 2009;Medda et al., 2014; Altamura et al., 2015). Methods: Recent meta-analytic evidence shows that longer depressive episodes and medication failure at baseline are robust predictors of poor response to ECT(Haq et al. 2015). Moreover, the presence of psychotic features and older age are predictors of ECT remission and response. The severity of depression predicts response, but not remission (Van Diermen et al., 2018). Results: Patients' expectations prior to the treatment have been taken into consideration in few studies. ECT effectiveness does neither seem to be subject to a strong placebo effect nor do patients with lower expectation of ECT effectiveness respond better to treatment (Krech et al., 2017). Conclusions: More research on both biological and clinical predictors is needed to further evaluate the position of ECT in treatment protocols for major depression.
Neuromodulation of Gamma-Range Auditory Steady-State Responses: A Scoping Review of Brain Stimulation Studies$$$ Neural oscillations represent a fundamental mechanism that enables coordinated action during normal brain functioning. Auditory steady-state responses (ASSRs) are used to test the ability to generate gamma-range activity. Different non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques have the potential to modulate neural activation patterns that are aberrant in a variety of neuropsychiatric disorders. Here, we summarize the current state of knowledge on how different methods of NIBS (transcranial altering current stimulation—tACS, transcranial direct current stimulation—tDCS, transcranial random noise stimulation—tRNS, paired associative stimulation—PAS, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation—rTMS) affect the gamma-range ASSRs in both healthy and clinical populations. We show that the current research has been far from systematic and methodologically heterogeneous. Nevertheless, some brain stimulation techniques, especially tACS and rTMS show strong potential for further exploration. We outline the main findings and provide directions for further research into neuromodulation of ASSRs as a promising biomarker of different psychopathological conditions such as schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism.
How have predictors, moderators, mediators, treatment response, remission and resistance been defined and measured in randomised controlled trials for adolescent depression? A scoping review protocol$$$ Introduction Among randomised controlled trials for depressed adolescents, the extent of variation in how depressive symptom outcomes are defined is unknown. The variability in which potential predictors of these outcomes are tested is also unclear. This paper is a protocol describing the methods of a planned scoping review. The scoping review will examine and summarise how change in depressive symptoms have been described in RCT treatment studies to date. This review will report the measures used to describe change in depressive symptoms and whether the measure was used as a continuous or binary outcome or both. This review will describe how dichotomous outcome terms are defined to describe change in depression severity. This review will also examine predictors, moderators and mediators of change in depressive symptoms within RCTs. Methods and analysis In this paper, we describe the protocol for our scoping review. Following the format outlined by the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses extension for scoping reviews, a research librarian will develop an operationalised search strategy, which we will apply to the MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO and Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health Literature databases. We will search for papers from inception to 6 February 2020. A hand search for key citations will also be conducted. Investigator-raters will screen articles, first via the titles and abstracts and then through full-text reviews. We will include articles with randomised control design which assess the treatment of adolescents with major depressive disorder. We will systematically extract and synthesise prespecified data which includes: definition of depression used for participant inclusion, measures used to evaluate changes in depression, type of outcome used (continuous, binary or both), definitions of dichotomous terms to denote change in depression (eg, response, remission, recovery, etc) and reported predictors/moderators/mediators of change. Ethics and dissemination Ethics approval is not required. Findings will be presented in journal publications and at conferences.
Efficacy of the Whole-Body Cryotherapy as Add-on Therapy to Pharmacological Treatment of Depression—A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Introduction: Accumulating evidence indicates the effectiveness of cryogenic temperature interventions in rheumatoid arthritis, ankylosing spondylitis, fibromyalgia, multiple sclerosis, and chronic low back pain. The application of whole-body cryotherapy (WBC) in psychiatric aspects of medicine was also noted. Nevertheless, the exact mechanisms explaining the beneficial effect of WBC on mood disorders remain unclear. The study aimed to assess the efficacy of repetitive short exposure to extremely low temperatures (WBC) on mood, quality of life as well as on biochemical measures among people diagnosed with depressive episode undergoing pharmacological treatment. Materials and Methods: Prospective randomized, double-blind sham-controlled protocol was used. The study enrolled 92 medically stable adults (aged 20–73 years) with a diagnosis of a depressive episode. The participants were randomly allocated and exposed to 10 whole-body cryotherapy (WBC) sessions (−110°C till −160°C [the experimental group (EG)] or to low, but not cryogenic temperatures −50°C [the control group (CG)]. Thirty participants in the EG and 26 in CG completed the whole study. The primary outcome measures were depressive symptoms evaluated with the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II) as well as the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D 17). The quality of life, quality of sexual life, acceptance of the disease and self-reported mood, vitality, and sleep quality were assessed as secondary outcome measures. The study was registered at Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ACTRN12619001600134). Results: The results show evidence for a statistically significant difference in the clinical assessment of depressive symptoms according to HAM-D 17 scale (T4 by group interaction p=0.02), BDI-II (T2 time by group interaction p=0.01), cognitive-affective BDI dimension (T4 by group interaction p=0.00), and somatic BDI dimension (T4 by group interaction p=0.028). Significant improvement was also noticed in life quality (p < 0.05), self-assessed mood (p=0.035), and disease acceptance (p=0.007). There were no statistically significant changes related to sexual satisfaction, self-assessed vitality, and sleep (p > 0.05). Conclusions: Whole-body cryotherapy is a useful method to improve standard pharmacological treatment. The WBC intervention reduces mental health deterioration, especially in mood disorders, such as depression, and can be beneficial for well-being and quality of life.
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on sports performance for two profiles of athletes (power and endurance) (COMPETE): A protocol for a randomised, crossover, double blind, controlled exploratory trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is promising for improving motor and cognitive performance. Nevertheless, its mechanisms of action are unclear and need to be better characterised according to the stimulated brain area and the type of exercise performed. Methods/design: This is a double-blind crossover study, organised into two parts: the first is to assess the effects of tDCS on explosive performance (jump task) and the second is to assess the effects on endurance performance (cycling time trial task). Participants, who are recreationally active or athletes (parkour practitioners, cyclists), will receive two active tDCS sessions (over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and right motor cortex) and one sham tDCS session (part A), or two sequences (one active and one sham) of two daily tDCS sessions over 5 days (part B). Motor and cognitive performance will be compared before and after tDCS sessions (part A), and before and after the first session, after the last session and at day 12 and day 30 of each tDCS sequence (part B). Discussion: This study investigates the acute and repeated effects of tDCS on the motor and cognitive performance of healthy subjects. It will try to evaluate if tDCS could be considered as a neuroenhancement technology according to the physical task investigated (endurance versus explosive). Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03937115. Registered on 3 May 2019; retrospectively registered.
Developments in treating the nonmotor symptoms of stroke$$$ Introduction: Stroke is among the most common causes of disability worldwide. Nonmotor symptoms of stroke are common and disabling. Many are treatable, and intervention improves the quality of life for stroke survivors. Areas covered: Here the author summarizes the evidence-based treatment of depression and other mood disorders, aphasia, hemispatial neglect, impairments of emotional communication and empathy, deficits in memory and other cognitive functions, sleep disorders, pain, fatigue, and seizures resulting from stroke. The author focuses on treatments supported by randomized controlled trials (RCTs), from the literature cited in Google Scholar, Embase, and Pubmed. Expert opinion: While behavioral rehabilitation is the most common intervention for many of the sequelae of stroke, relatively small RCTs support the use of noninvasive brain stimulation (transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation) and medications that facilitate neural plasticity and recovery. These noninvasive brain stimulation methods remain investigational for post-stroke symptoms. The strongest evidence for pharmacological intervention is in the domains of post-stroke mood disorders and epilepsy, but additional RCTs are needed to confirm the efficacy of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and other medications for improving recovery of cognition, language, and energy after stroke.
A randomized, crossover comparison of ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for treatment of major depressive episodes: A Canadian biomarker integration network in depression (CAN-BIND) study protocol$$$ Background: Recent evidence underscores the utility of rapid-acting antidepressant interventions, such as ketamine, in alleviating symptoms of major depressive episodes (MDE). However, to date, there have been limited head-to-head comparisons of intravenous (IV) ketamine infusions with other antidepressant treatment strategies in large randomized trials. This study protocol describes an ongoing multi-centre, prospective, randomized, crossover, non-inferiority trial comparing acute treatment of individuals meeting diagnostic criteria for a major depressive episode (MDE) with ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on efficacy, speed of therapeutic effects, side effects, and health care resource utilization. A secondary aim is to compare a 6-month maintenance strategy for ketamine responders to standard of care ECT maintenance. Finally, through the measurement of clinical, cognitive, neuroimaging, and molecular markers we aim to establish predictors and moderators of treatment response as well as treatment-elicited effects on these outcomes. Methods: Across four participating Canadian institutions, 240 patients with major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder experiencing a MDE are randomized (1:1) to a course of ECT or racemic IV ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) administered 3 times/week for 3 or 4 weeks. Non-responders (< 50% improvement in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale [MADRS] scores) crossover to receive the alternate treatment. Responders during the randomization or crossover phases then enter the 6-month maintenance phase during which time they receive clinical assessments at identical intervals regardless of treatment arm. ECT maintenance follows standard of care while ketamine maintenance involves: weekly infusions for 1 month, then bi-weekly infusions for 2 months, and finally monthly infusions for 3 months (returning to bi-weekly in case of relapse). The primary outcome measure is change in MADRS scores after randomized treatment as assessed by raters blind to treatment modality. Discussion: This multi-centre study will help identify molecular, imaging, and clinical characteristics of patients with treatment-resistant and/or severe MDEs who would benefit most from either type of therapeutic strategy. In addition to informing clinical practice and influencing health care delivery, this trial will add to the robust platform and database of CAN-BIND studies for future research and biomarker discovery. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT03674671. Registered September 17, 2018.
Non-consensual recommendations for managing bipolar II disorder$$$ Objective: The objective of this study is to report on the degree of consensus in experts’ recommendations for managing bipolar II disorder. Methods: Eighteen international clinician researchers with expertise in managing bipolar disorders were provided with 14 questions addressing nuances in managing those with a bipolar II disorder. Results: To all questions, the independently derived recommended strategies demonstrated distinct divergence. Conclusion: The lack of consensus in management recommendations is likely to reflect the disorder being relatively recently formalised, the lack of condition-specific randomised controlled trial data and the nature of psychiatric practice.
Bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation modulates fatigue in multiple sclerosis: a randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Fatigue is a frequent and debilitating symptom in patients with central nervous system diseases. Up to 90% of patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) suffer from fatigue that drastically affects the quality of life. MS patients also complain of anxiety and depressive symptoms and these three manifestations tend to cluster together in this clinical population. The objective of this work was to assess the effects of transcranial direct stimulation (tDCS), a noninvasive brain stimulation technique, on fatigue as well as anxiety and depressive symptoms. Eleven fatigued MS patients randomly received two blocks (active and sham tDCS) of five consecutive daily sessions of bifrontal tDCS (anode/cathode over the left/right prefrontal cortices, respectively) in a crossover manner, separated by a 3-week washout interval. Evaluation took place at day 1, day 5 (right after each block) and 1 week later. Active but not sham tDCS resulted in a significant improvement of fatigue at day 5 (p < 0.05), an effect that seems to last at least 1 week following the stimulation (p = 0.05). Active tDCS also significantly improved anxiety symptoms, but the effect emerged 1 week later (p < 0.05). No significant effects were obtained regarding depression (p > 0.05). Bifrontal tDCS seems to modulate fatigue in PwMS. The observed anxiolytic effects could constitute delayed after effects of tDCS or might be mediated by fatigue improvement. These findings merit to be addressed in large-scale controlled trials.
Brain-derived neurotrophic factor blood levels after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Some evidence pointed out that Electro-Convulsive Treatment (ECT) could increase the level of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in depressive patients. However, there are some disagreements. The purpose of the study is through a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate BDNF levels after ECT in patients with Major depressive disorder. Two independent researchers searched of published articles in the databases of Cochrane Library, PubMed, MEDLINE, EMBASE and WanFang Data, from January 1990 to March 2019. The following key words were used: “depression” or “depressive disorder”, "major depressive disorder", "unipolar depression", “brain-derived neurotrophic factor” or “BDNF”, and “electroconvulsive” or “ECT”. A total of 22 studies met the inclusion criteria of the meta-analysis and included into our analysis. BDNF levels were increased among patients with MDD after ECT (P = 0.000) in plasma samples. The standardized mean difference (SMD) was 0.695 (95 % CI: 0.402-0.988). We also found BDNF levels increased on one week and one month after finishing ECT (SMD = 0.491, 95 %CI: 0.150,0.833, P = 0.005; and SMD = 0.812, 95 %CI: 0.326,1.298, P = 0.001, respectively). Our findings suggest that BDNF levels may increase after ECT and may possibly be used as an indicator of treatment response after one or more weeks of ECT in patients with depression. However, additional investigation of BDNF levels with different ECT durations are needed in responders and non-responders.
The effects of repeated transcranial direct current stimulation on sleep quality and depression symptoms in patients with major depression and insomnia$$$ Importance: Although several strategies using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have been investigated to treat major depressive disorder (MDD), the efficacy of this treatment for patients with MDD who also have insomnia is unclear. Objective: To observe the effects of tDCS on sleep quality and depressive symptoms in patients with MDD who have insomnia. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blinded study involving adults with major depression and insomnia. We randomly assigned patients to either add tDCS or to sham tDCS to their regular treatment. After randomization, we treated a total of 90 patients at the Kangning Hospital, Ningbo, China. We allocated 47 patients to the tDCS group and 43 to the sham tDCS group. The tDCS treatment procedure included 20 sessions of 2-mA stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for 30 min, which was followed by four weekly treatments. The anode and cathode electrodes were placed on the left and right DLPFC, respectively. We recorded the Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS), Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Inventory (PSQI), and Polysomnography (PSG) at Day 1 and Day 28. Results: Compared with the sham tDCS group, the active tDCS group showed improved total scores of SAS and SDS. PSQI total score and all PSQI sub-divisions, except for “sleep duration and sleep efficiency,” significantly improved after treatment. We also observed that tDCS affected sleep architecture, by increasing total sleep time and improving sleep efficiency through PSG. Conclusions: Our study demonstrated the effect of tDCS on sleep quality and depressive symptoms in patients with MDD and insomnia. These results suggested that tDCS stimulation not only improved symptoms of depression and anxiety but also had a positive effect on sleep quality in patients with MDD. For patients with depression and insomnia, tDCS stimulation could be a good supplement to drugs.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation to reduce suicidality – A review and naturalistic outcomes$$$ Although there is growing interest in the use of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) as a treatment for suicidality, efficacy data in this area, and knowledge of potential treatment mechanisms, remains limited. The first objective of this study was to systematically review clinical trial data examining the effectiveness of TMS as a treatment for suicidal ideation. Our secondary objective was to investigate the extent to which changes in suicidality are independent of improvements in depression in a clinical sample of veterans who received TMS treatment. In Study 1, we searched the Pubmed and biRxiv databases from inception until July 2019 to identify studies that examined the efficacy of TMS for suicidal thoughts and/or behaviors. Data regarding sample characteristics, treatment parameters, and results were synthesized from six randomized controlled trials and five unblinded trials (total n = 593). Our systematic review indicated that while TMS was consistently associated with reduced depression, its impact on suicidality is unclear. Interpretation of results related to suicidality were complicated by study design elements and modest sample sizes. In Study 2, we conducted a retrospective analysis of 43 patients who received care for depression in a neuromodulation clinic at a Veteran's Affairs hospital. Results found significant decreases in suicidal ideation, and depressive symptom change did not always account for improvements in ideation. Taken together, our literature review and clinic study indicate preliminary promise of TMS for suicide, and underscore the need for more fine-grained, suicide-specific TMS research.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in traumatic brain injury: Evidence from animal and human studies$$$ We provide here the first systematic review on the studies dealing with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for traumatic brain injury (TBI) in animals and humans. Several experimental studies in animal models have explored with promising results the use of rTMS to enhance neuroprotection and recovery after TBI. However, there are surprisingly few studies that have obtained substantial evidence regarding effects of rTMS in humans with TBI, many of them are case reports investigating the heterogeneous conditions linked to TBI. The most studies have investigated the effects of rTMS in subjects with post-traumatic depression and variable effects have been observed. rTMS has been proposed as an experimental approach for the treatment of disorders of consciousness (DOC), but in subjects with TBI therapeutic effects on DOC have also been variously documented. Beneficial effects have been reported in subjects with cognitive/emotional disturbances and auditory dysfunction (tinnitus and hallucinations), although the results are somewhat conflicting. rTMS applied over the left prefrontal cortex may relieve, at least transiently, post-traumatic headache. Isolated rTMS studies have been performed in TBI patients with motor impairment, chronic dizziness or pain. Especially whether provided in combination, rTMS and neurorehabilitation may be synergistic in the potential to translate experimental findings in the clinical practice. In order to reach definitive conclusions, well-designed randomized controlled studies with larger patient samples, improved design and optimized rTMS setup, are warranted to verify and corroborate the initial promising findings.
A randomized controlled trial of video psychoeducation for electroconvulsive therapy in the United States$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective psychiatric treatment that remains largely underutilized. Patient psychoeducation about ECT may improve uptake of this treatment. Methods: This randomized controlled trial compared two forms of psychoeducation about ECT: video psychoeducation and an informational brochure. In 2019, a national sample of 556 U.S. adults who screened positive for depression were recruited and randomly assigned to receive one of these educational interventions online. Participant perceptions, knowledge, and willingness to receive ECT were assessed before and after psychoeducation. Results: Both the video psychoeducation and brochure groups showed significantly more positive perceptions and knowledge about ECT following the intervention, with no significant differences between groups. The proportion of participants who reported being willing to receive ECT increased significantly after receipt of psychoeducation (from 31% to 63% in the video psychoeducation group and from 29% to 56% in the brochure group). Female gender, severity of depression, and comorbid mental and substance use disorders were associated with positive changes in ECT perceptions and increased willingness to receive ECT. Conclusions: These findings suggest brief psychoeducation for ECT is needed and may improve acceptance of this robust treatment.
Shudi Pingchan Decoction combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of Parkinson's disease with sleep disorders$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of "Shudi Pingchan Decoction"combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on sleep disorders in Parkinson's disease (PD). Methods: A randomized, single-blind, placebo/sham-controlled trial was performed on 144 PD patients with sleep disorders. Participants were randomized into rTMS (rTMS with placebo decoction), Chinese medicine (Shudi Pingchan Decoction with sham stimulation), or Shudi Pingchan Decoction combined with rTMS group over a 12-month course. The efficacy was evaluated by Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) I-IV scores, cardiopulmonary coupling (CPC) sleep quality assessment, Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD), and Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA). Results: (1) After 12 weeks of treatment, rTMS treatment group showed markedly improved UPDRS I score, whereas Chinese medicine treatment group reported improved UPDRS II and UPDRS III scores than rTMS. At the same time, combined therapy improved the UPDRS I-III scores. (2) CPC sleep quality assessment showed that compared with baseline before treatment, sleep latency was significantly shortened after 12 weeks of Chinese medicine treatment. In the rTMS group, the scores of sleep awakening period were significantly decreased after six weeks and 12 weeks of treatment. The total sleep time was significantly extended after six weeks and 12 weeks of treatment in both groups. The sleep-improving effect was stronger in combined treatment group than the single treatment groups after 12 weeks of treatment. (3) Compared with baseline before treatment, the HAMD scores of rTMS group were significantly lower at six weeks and 12 weeks, the HAMA scores of Chinese medicine treatment group were significantly lower at 12 weeks, and the combined treatment resulted in stronger effects. Conclusion: The combined treatment of "Shudi Pingchan Decoction"with rTMS has significant curative effect on PD complicated with sleep disorders, and the combined therapy has complementary advantages.
Effects of Ketamine Anesthesia on Efficacy, Tolerability, Seizure Response, and Neurocognitive Outcomes in Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Comprehensive Meta-analysis of Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trials$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the most effective treatment for major depressive disorder. Ketamine is an anesthetic gaining attention for its rapid antidepressant effect. Numerous randomized controlled trials have investigated the effect of ketamine anesthesia in ECT on various clinical outcomes. Previous systematic reviews have not found benefit for overall depression response, although some have found evidence of benefit early in the ECT course. Clear quantitative conclusions have not been established regarding other outcomes, particularly while only using data from high-quality studies. We aimed to examine all data from double-blind randomized controlled trials comparing ketamine to other anesthetics via meta-analysis, to make recommendations regarding ECT practice and future research. Data were extracted for depressive symptoms, seizure duration and electrical dose, neuropsychological performance, and adverse effects. Effect sizes were calculated using Hedge's g and odds ratios. Eighteen studies (n = 915) were included in the meta-analysis. Ketamine was not found to enhance improvement of depressive symptoms, either early in ECT course or at end of study. Ketamine had a large effect on increasing seizure duration both overall (Hedge's g = 0.71, P = 0.038) and in the subgroup receiving ketamine in combination with another anesthetic (Hedge's g = 0.78, P < 0.01), and on decreasing electrical dose (Hedge's g = 1.98, P = 0.039). There was no significant effect of ketamine on any individual neuropsychological domain. Ketamine was not associated with increased adverse effects, except for hypertension in patients receiving ketamine monotherapy. Significant heterogeneity was present for many outcomes, and sensitivity analyses suggested a relation to methodological variation in most cases. This study supports the finding that ketamine does not enhance ECT's antidepressant effect, including on early improvement, but provides substantial evidence for enhancing seizure duration and reducing electrical dose. No significant benefit was found on neurocognitive outcomes, but analysis was limited by small sample sizes and high heterogeneity. Ketamine is generally safe in ECT, particularly as a coanesthetic. Our findings provide meta-analytic support to the recommendations in ECT clinical guidelines for use of coadjuvant ketamine in ECT where seizures are suboptimal. Further studies targeting neurocognitive outcomes are encouraged.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic prostatitis/ chronic pelvic pain syndrome: A prospective pilot study$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the feasibility, efficacy, and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with treatment-resistant chronic prostatitis/chronic pelvic pain syndrome (CP/CPPS). Methods: Eleven patients with CP/CPPS were enrolled in this prospective clinical study. rTMS was performed for 5 consecutive days in 20-minute sessions. Patients were evaluated at baseline, after treatment, and at 1, 4, 8, and 12 weeks after the last session with questionnaires concerning pain (numerical rating scale [NRS], the National Institutes of Health Chronic Prostatitis Symptom Index [NIH-CPSI], and the Short Form-36 [SF-36]), urinary symptoms (NIH-CPSI, Danish Prostatic Symptom Score [DAN-PSS-1]), quality of life (NIH-CPSI, SF-36), and psychometrics (Beck Depression Index [BDI]). Telephone-based interviews were used to evaluate side effects, subjective response, and changes in drug consumption. Results: All patients completed the planned treatment and follow-up according to protocol. No patients experienced serious side effects or significant pain increase during or after treatment. Mild transient tension headache responsive to oral pain medication was reported by 2 patients. Decreased pain was observed on the NRS after treatment and at 1 and 8 weeks (P = 0.019, P = 0.006, P = 0.042, respectively) and on the NIH-CPSI pain domain at 1 week (P = 0.04). Improvement in lower urinary tract symptoms was observed after treatment in the NIH-CPSI urinary domain (P = 0.02) but not with the DAN-PSS-1. No significant changes in the BDI were observed. Nine patients reported a positive overall subjective response (82%) and 6 patients (55%) were able to reduce pain medication. Higher age was associated with lower NRS scores after treatment (R = 0.605, P = 0.048) and at 8 weeks (R = 0.659, P = 0.028). Conclusions: rTMS for patients with CP/CPPS seemed to be well tolerated, at least moderately effective in pain reduction, and might be of interest in patients with chronic pelvic pain resistant to conventional treatment. These findings remain to be confirmed by a randomized trial.
The role of the inferior parietal lobule in writer's cramp$$$ Humans have a distinguishing ability for fine motor control that is subserved by a highly evolved cortico-motor neuronal network. The acquisition of a particular motor skill involves a long series of practice movements, trial and error, adjustment and refinement. At the cortical level, this acquisition begins in the parieto-temporal sensory regions and is subsequently consolidated and stratified in the premotor-motor cortex. Task-specific dystonia can be viewed as a corruption or loss of motor control confined to a single motor skill. Using a multimodal experimental approach combining neuroimaging and non-invasive brain stimulation, we explored interactions between the principal nodes of the fine motor control network in patients with writer's cramp and healthy matched controls. Patients and healthy volunteers underwent clinical assessment, diffusion-weighted MRI for tractography, and functional MRI during a finger tapping task. Activation maps from the task-functional MRI scans were used for target selection and neuro-navigation of the transcranial magnetic stimulation. Single- and double-pulse TMS evaluation included measurement of the input-output recruitment curve, cortical silent period, and amplitude of the motor evoked potentials conditioned by cortico-cortical interactions between premotor ventral (PMv)-motor cortex (M1), anterior inferior parietal lobule (aIPL)-M1, and dorsal inferior parietal lobule (dIPL)-M1 before and after inducing a long term depression-like plastic change to dIPL node with continuous theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation in a randomized, sham-controlled design. Baseline dIPL-M1 and aIPL-M1 cortico-cortical interactions were facilitatory and inhibitory, respectively, in healthy volunteers, whereas the interactions were converse and significantly different in writer's cramp. Baseline PMv-M1 interactions were inhibitory and similar between the groups. The dIPL-PMv resting state functional connectivity was increased in patients compared to controls, but no differences in structural connectivity between the nodes were observed. Cortical silent period was significantly prolonged in writer's cramp. Making a long term depression-like plastic change to dIPL node transformed the aIPL-M1 interaction to inhibitory (similar to healthy volunteers) and cancelled the PMv-M1 inhibition only in the writer's cramp group. These findings suggest that the parietal multimodal sensory association region could have an aberrant downstream influence on the fine motor control network in writer's cramp, which could be artificially restored to its normal function.
Evaluation of engagement with an incentivized text messaging (TM) intervention in teens with T1D and suboptimal glycemic control$$$ Background: Among digital health interventions, TM can be a useful tool in teens with T1D. However, attrition remains a major issue, with engagement decreasing over time. We aimed to describe patterns of engagement in an incentivized TM intervention and to assess impact of engagement on A1C in teens with T1D and suboptimal control randomized to the TM arm. Methods: Of 165 teens (12-18 years old, T1D duration >1 year, A1C ≥8%) recruited into a 6-month RCT, 83 were assigned to TM intervention and received daily educational/motivational TMs using the MyDiaText™ platform. Socio-demographic and clinical data were obtained from medical record review. Participants were rewarded biweekly for the most consecutive TM responses. TM response rate (RR) was defined as number of responses/total messages received. High RR was defined as >50%. Paired t-tests, ANOVA, and Pearson correlation were used in statistical analysis. Results: At entry, teens (57% males, 52% white) had a mean(±SD) age of 16±2 years, T1D duration 7±4 years; 55% were pump-treated, 65% used CGM, and A1C was 10±1.9%. Clinical concerns for depression were seen in 28%. The mean overall RR was 58.6%(±28.9%), and the high RR group included 66% of participants. High and low RR groups did not differ by sex, race, age, T1D duration, use of technology, baseline A1C, or clinical depression. Over the 6 months, A1C improved significantly to 9.2±1.8% (p=0.00), with 35% improving by ≥1%. High responders were twice as likely to improve A1C by ≥1% than low responders (p=0.18). There was a significant decline in RR over time (r =0.9, p=0.00). Conclusions: In teens with T1D and suboptimal control, socio-demographic factors did not predict engagement with a financially incentivized TM intervention. However, high responders tended to improve their A1C, likely due to increased engagement in self-care. There remains a need to create a digital health intervention that maintains engagement over extended periods for teens with T1D.
Antidepressant efficacy and side effect burden: An updated guide for clinicians$$$ Antidepressant treatment has been evolving and changing since the 1950s following the discovery of the classic antidepressant treatments including tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors. The heterogeneity of the disorder became apparent in the beginning when individuals remained symptomatic despite medication compliance. This spurred further research in order to understand the neurobiology underlying the disorder. Subsequently, newer medications were designed to target specific neurotransmitters and areas of the brain involved in symptom development and maintenance. Our original review article looked at both classic and modern antidepressant medications used in the treatment of major depressive disorder. This manuscript is an update to the original review and serves to provide clinicians with information about novel antidepressant medications, augmentation strategies with atypical antipsychotics, over-the-counter medications, as well as nonpharmaceutical treatments that should be considered when treating each individual patient who remains symptomatic despite treatment efforts.
Efficacy, safety, and tolerability of theta-burst stimulation in mixed depression: Design, rationale, and objectives of a randomized, double- blinded, sham-controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Mixed-specifier mood disorders are probably a different subgroup in terms of response to treatment, socio-demographic parameters, course, and family history. Here we describe the rationale and design of a clinical trial aimed to test the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of a non-pharmacological treatment known as theta-burst stimulation (TBS) for treating the mixed depressive episodes of both bipolar (I or II), and unipolar depression. Methods: The study is designed as a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded clinical trial evaluating TBS for the treatment of moderate or severe major depressive episodes with mixed features of patients receiving at least one first or second-line pharmacological treatment for depressive episodes without adequate response. Ninety adult (18 to 65 years old) patients will be enrolled and submitted to 6-week (comprising 5 consecutive days a week sessions for the first 3 weeks and then 2 days a week for a further 3 week) of inhibitory followed by excitatory TBS in dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Participants will be assessed using clinical and neuropsychological tests before and after the intervention. The primary outcome is change in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Scale (MADRS) score over time and across groups. Cognitive parameters will also be assessed with neuropsychological tests. Results: The clinical results will provide evidence about TBS as an adjunctive treatment for mixed depression treatment and neuropsychological parameters will contribute toward an improved understanding the effects of TBS in cognition. Conclusion: Our results could introduce a novel therapeutic technique for mixed depressive episodes of both bipolar and unipolar disorders. Clinical Trial Registration: Www.ClinicalTrials.gov, identifier NCT04123301; date of registration: 10/10/2019; URL: Https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT04123301?term= NCT04123301&rank=1.
Pharmacological, psychological and non-invasive brain stimulation interventions for preventing depression after stroke$$$ Background: Depression is an important consequence of stroke that influences recovery yet often is not detected, or is inadequately treated. This is an update and expansion of a Cochrane Review first published in 2004 and previously updated in 2008. Objectives: The primary objective is to test the hypothesis that pharmacological, psychological therapy, non-invasive brain stimulation, or combinations of these interventions reduce the incidence of diagnosable depression after stroke. Secondary objectives are to test the hypothesis that pharmacological, psychological therapy, non-invasive brain stimulation or combinations of these interventions reduce levels of depressive symptoms and dependency, and improve physical functioning after stroke. We also aim to determine the safety of, and adherence to, the interventions. Search methods: We searched the Specialised Register of Cochrane Stroke and the Cochrane Depression Anxiety and Neurosis (last searched August 2018). In addition, we searched the following databases; Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, CENTRAL (the Cochrane Library, 2018, Issue 8), MEDLINE (1966 to August 2018), Embase (1980 to August 2018), PsycINFO (1967 to August 2018), CINAHL (1982 to August 2018) and three Web of Science indexes (2002 to August 2018). We also searched reference lists, clinical trial registers (World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP); to August 2018 and ClinicalTrials.gov; to August 2018), conference proceedings; we also contacted study authors. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) comparing: 1) pharmacological interventions with placebo; 2) one of various forms of psychological therapy with usual care and/or attention control; 3) one of various forms of non-invasive brain stimulation with sham stimulation or usual care; 4) a pharmacological intervention and one of various forms of psychological therapy with a pharmacological intervention and usual care and/or attention control; 5) non-invasive brain stimulation and pharmacological intervention with a pharmacological intervention and sham stimulation or usual care; 6) pharmacological intervention and one of various forms of psychological therapy with placebo and psychological therapy; 7) pharmacological intervention and non-invasive brain stimulation with placebo plus non-invasive brain stimulation; 8) non-invasive brain stimulation and one of various forms of psychological therapy versus non-invasive brain stimulation plus usual care and/or attention control; and 9) non-invasive brain stimulation and one of various forms of psychological therapy versus sham brain stimulation or usual care plus psychological therapy, with the intention of preventing depression after stroke. Data collection and analysis: Review authors independently selected studies, assessed risk of bias, and extracted data from all included studies. We calculated mean difference (MD) or standardised mean difference (SMD) for continuous data and risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous data with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We assessed heterogeneity using the I2 statistic and assessed the certainty of evidence using GRADE. Main results: We included 19 RCTs (21 interventions), with 1771 participants in the review. Data were available for 12 pharmacological trials (14 interventions) and seven psychological trials. There were no trials of non-invasive brain stimulation compared with sham stimulation or usual care, a combination of pharmacological intervention and one of various forms of psychological therapy with placebo and psychological therapy, or a combination of non-invasive brain stimulation and a pharmacological intervention with a pharmacological intervention and sham stimulation or usual care to prevent depression after stroke. Treatment effects were observed on the primary outcome of meeting the study criteria for depression at the end of treatment: there is very low-certainty evidence from eight trials (nine interventions) that pharmacological interventions decrease the number of people meeting the study criteria for depression (RR 0.50, 95% CI 0.37 to 0.68; 734 participants) compared to placebo. There is very low-certainty evidence from two trials that psychological interventions reduce the proportion of people meeting the study criteria for depression (RR 0.68, 95% CI 0.49 to 0.94, 607 participants) compared to usual care and/or attention control. Eight trials (nine interventions) found no difference in death and other adverse events between pharmacological intervention and placebo groups (RR 1.25, 95% CI 0.32 to 4.91; 496 participants) based on very low-certainty evidence. Five trials found no difference in psychological intervention and usual care and/or attention control groups for death and other adverse events (RR 1.18, 95% CI 0.73 to 1.91; 975 participants) based on very low-certainty evidence. Authors' conclusions: The available evidence suggests that pharmacological interventions and psychological therapy may prevent depression and improve mood after stroke. However, there is very low certainty in these conclusions because of the very low-certainty evidence. More trials are required before reliable recommendations can be made about the routine use of such treatments after stroke.
Anodal tDCS Over the Left Prefrontal Cortex Does Not Cause Clinically Significant Changes in Circulating Metabolites$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a putative treatment for depression, has been proposed to affect peripheral metabolism. Metabolic products from brain tissue may also cross the blood–brain barrier, reflecting the conditions in the brain. However, there are no previous data regarding the effect of tDCS on circulating metabolites. Objective: To determine whether five daily sessions of tDCS modulate peripheral metabolites in healthy adult men. Methods: This double-blind, randomized controlled trial involved 79 healthy males (aged 20–40 years) divided into two groups, one receiving tDCS (2 mA) and the other sham stimulated. The anode was placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the cathode over the corresponding contralateral area. Venous blood samples were obtained before and after the first stimulation session, and after the fifth stimulation session. Serum levels of 102 metabolites were determined by mass spectrometry. The results were analysed with generalised estimating equations corrected for the family-wise error rate. In addition, we performed power calculations estimating sample sizes necessary for future research. Results: TDCS-related variation in serum metabolite levels was extremely small and statistically non-significant. Power calculations indicated that for the observed variation to be deemed significant, samples sizes of up to 11,000 subjects per group would be required, depending on the metabolite of interest. Conclusion: Our study found that five sessions of tDCS induced no major effects on peripheral metabolites among healthy men. These observations support the view of tDCS as a safe treatment that does not induce significant changes in the measured peripheral metabolites in healthy male subjects.
Global connectivity and local excitability changes underlie antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a commonly- used treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, our understanding of the mechanism by which TMS exerts its antidepressant effect is minimal. Furthermore, we lack brain signals that can be used to predict and track clinical outcome. Such signals would allow for treatment stratification and optimization. Here, we performed a randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial and measured electrophysiological, neuroimaging, and clinical changes before and after rTMS. Patients (N = 36) were randomized to receive either active or sham rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) for 20 consecutive weekdays. To capture the rTMS-driven changes in connectivity and causal excitability, resting fMRI and TMS/EEG were performed before and after the treatment. Baseline causal connectivity differences between depressed patients and healthy controls were also evaluated with concurrent TMS/fMRI. We found that active, but not sham rTMS elicited (1) an increase in dlPFC global connectivity, (2) induction of negative dlPFC-amygdala connectivity, and (3) local and distributed changes in TMS/EEG potentials. Global connectivity changes predicted clinical outcome, while both global connectivity and TMS/EEG changes tracked clinical outcome. In patients but not healthy participants, we observed a perturbed inhibitory effect of the dlPFC on the amygdala. Taken together, rTMS induced lasting connectivity and excitability changes from the site of stimulation, such that after active treatment, the dlPFC appeared better able to engage in top-down control of the amygdala. These measures of network functioning both predicted and tracked clinical outcome, potentially opening the door to treatment optimization.
Considerations and Current Trends in the Management of the Geriatric Patient on a Consultation–Liaison Service$$$ Purpose of Review: To provide consultation–liaison psychiatrists with an updated resource that can assist in the treatment and management of geriatric patients. Recent Findings: The current available literature has not shown any differences in efficacy between haloperidol and second-generation antipsychotics in patients with delirium. When considering relative advantages of forms of antipsychotic administration, there is no support for a superior safety profile of oral compared to intramuscular or intravenous administration. A recent meta-analysis of four randomized controlled trials concluded that when melatonin was administered to older age patients on medical wards, it significantly prevented the incidence of delirium when compared with the control group. While suvorexant administered nightly to elderly patients in acute care settings may lower the incidence of delirium, larger studies are needed to confirm this finding. Despite the black box warning of increased mortality risk in older patients with dementia, antipsychotics may be used with caution by the consultation–liaison (CL) psychiatrist to treat the neuropsychologic symptoms of dementia including hallucinations and psychosis in the hospital setting. While antidepressant studies have focused primarily on citalopram and escitalopram in the treatment of agitation in the setting of dementia, these two medications have not been adequately compared directly to other SSRIs for this condition. It is therefore not clear whether citalopram and escitalopram are more efficacious in treating agitation in the setting of dementia when compared to other SSRIs. While the evidence supporting trazodone’s use is limited, it is generally well tolerated and is an option as a PRN for irritability and agitation in patients with Alzheimer’s and mixed dementia. While there is some evidence to support the use of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors for treating cognitive impairments and hallucinations in Lewy body dementia, the usefulness of these agents in other forms of dementia is not well studied, and those studies did not show any benefit in the management of acute agitation. It is important to note that memantine can cause or exacerbate agitation and may be the cause of behavioral dysregulation. There is no evidence to support the routine use of benzodiazepines for behavioral improvement in patients with dementia. Escitalopram and citalopram do have a unique pharmacokinetic properties in the sense that they have been found to have 50–56% plasma protein binding, compared to sertraline, fluoxetine, and paroxetine (95% or more). Pooled analyses suggest that antidepressants are more effective than placebo in reducing the symptoms of post-stroke depression. SSRIs are considered first-line antidepressants in stroke patients, who are often elderly with underlying cardiovascular problems. Although treatment with SSRIs is recommended for post-stroke depression, there are no studies providing conclusive data on the superiority of a specific drug. Older age is associated with a better outcome from ECT, with remission rates of approximately 73% to 90% in patients over 65 years. ECT is the treatment of choice for patients with psychotic depression, and elderly patients with psychotic depression have been shown to have a higher remission rate and faster time to response than depressed patients without psychotic symptoms. Summary: With the average life expectancy increase, it is projected that 19 million people will reach the age of 85 or higher, an increase from 5.5 million in 2010. With an increasing older population, psychiatric consultation in the management of geriatric patients is becoming more necessary. Psychiatrists must be aware of the unique considerations in elderly patients. In this article, we provide evidence-based guidance to the CL psychiatrist on major issues relating to the older age patient, highlighting recent trends in treatment. First, we provide background on the evaluation of the medically hospitalized geriatric patient. As rates of medical and psychiatric illnesses increase with advancing age, elderly patients are more likely to be taking a higher number of medications as compared to younger patients, and physicians must pay special attention to polypharmacy, including side effects and drug interactions in this group. Next, we focus on the diagnosis, management, and unique needs of the geriatric patient presenting with common clinical syndromes of delirium, dementia, and depression. Delirium and dementia are among the most common causes of cognitive impairment in clinical settings yet are often either unrecognized or misdiagnosed as they may have similar signs and symptoms. In addition, depression is prevalent in older adults, especially in those with comorbid medical illness. Depression can be fatal as the rates of suicide are higher in later life than in any other age group. Consultation can improve the management of elderly patients and prevent unnecessary nursing home placement.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on altered perception of One's own face$$$ Background: Chronic orofacial pain (COP) patients often perceive the painful face area as “swollen” without clinical signs; such self-reported illusions of the face are termed perceptual distortion (PD). The pathophysiological mechanisms underlying PD remain elusive. Objective: To test the neuromodulatory effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on PD in healthy individuals, to gain insight into the cortical mechanisms underlying PD. Methods: PD was induced experimentally by injections of local anesthetic (LA) around the infraorbital nerve and measured as perceived size changes of the affected area. Participants were randomly allocated to inhibitory rTMS (n = 26) or sham rTMS (n = 26) group. The participants rated PD at baseline, 6 min after LA, immediately, 20 and 40 min after rTMS. The rTMS (inhibitory and sham) was applied to face (lip) representation area of primary somatosensory cortex (SI) as an intervention at 10 min after the LA, when the magnitude of PD is large. As inhibitory rTMS, continuous theta-burst stimulation paradigm (50 Hz) for 40s was employed to inhibit cortical activity. Results: We demonstrated a significant decrease in the magnitude of PD immediately and 20 min after the application of inhibitory rTMS compared with sham rTMS (P < 0.006). In two control experiments, we also showed that peripheral muscle stimulation and stimulation of a cortical region other than the lip representation area had no effect on the magnitude of the PD. Conclusions: Inhibitory rTMS applied to a somatotopical-relevant cortical region modulates PD of the face in healthy individuals and could potentially have therapeutic implications for COP patients.
Treatment of Tardive Dyskinesia$$$ Tardive dyskinesia (TD) is an iatrogenic condition that encompasses a wide phenomenological spectrum of movement disorders caused by exposure to dopamine receptor blocking agents (DRBAs). TD may cause troublesome or disabling symptoms that impair quality of life. Due to frequent, often inappropriate, use of DRBAs, TD prevalence rates among patients exposed to DRBAs continue to be high. The judicious use of DRBAs is key to the prevention of TD, reduction of disease burden, and achieving lasting remission. Dopamine-depleting vesicular monoamine transporter type 2 inhibitors are considered the treatment of choice of TD.
Interventions for tic disorders: An updated overview of systematic reviews and meta analyses$$$ To conduct an updated overview of systematic reviews (SRs) summarizing the efficacy and safety of various strategies used to treat tic disorders (TDs) in children. We searched the Cochrane Library, PubMed, EMBASE, and relevant reference lists for articles published between the search deadline from our last overview and April 2019 and included 16 SRs. The results presented that antipsychotics, a2-adrenergic receptor agonists, and HRT/CBIT still appeared to be the most robust evidence-based options for the treatment of TDs. Compared with our last overview, more robust evidence showed that aripiprazole and acupuncture was effective treatment in treating children TDs, and DBS for medication-refractory and severely affected patients. In addition, physical activity or exercise may be promising treatments, and the clonidine adhesive patch is an effective, safe, and convenient treatment option for TDs. Moreover, methylphenidate, guanfacine, and desipramine appeared to reduce ADHD symptoms in children with tics. However, no research studies have examined HRT/CBIT alone compared with HRT/CBIT in combination with medication. More high-quality clinical trials comparing different interventions for TDs including economic evaluations should be encouraged.
A randomized, double blind, sham-controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Background: Research has implicated hypofrontality in the pathogenesis of Negative symptoms of schizophrenia.These symptoms are often resistant to treatment. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to reverse this hypofrontality. Higher frequency rTMS has shown better promise, but so far there has been very little research in this area. Objective: We aimed to evaluate the efficacy of high-frequency (20 Hz) unilateral rTMS over the left Dorso-Lateral Pre-frontal Cortex (DLPFC) in the improvement of Negative symptoms in Schizophrenia. Methods:100 patients of schizophrenia with predominantly negative symptoms, were enrolled for this randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind trial.Each participant received 20 sessions of rTMS at 20 Hz frequency and 100% motor threshold, via either the active or the sham coil, over 4 weeks. A total of 2000 pulses were imparted in 10 trains per session. Negative symptoms were assessed with the SANS and PANSS. CDSS was used to rule out depressive symptoms. Assessments were carried out at baseline, post-intervention, and 1-month, 2-months, 3-months and 4-months follow ups. Results: The improvement in the negative symptoms (Anhedonia, Alogia, Avolition, Attention impairment) in active group was statistically significant at 0.01 and 0.05 (p-value) as compared to sham group. Conclusions: These results suggest that high-frequency rTMS may lead to improvement in negative symptoms of schizophrenia. It may be worth considering its use as an adjunct to pharmacological treatment of negative symptoms.
Evaluation of the effects of rTMS on self-reported quality of life and disability in treatment-resistant depression: A THREE-D study$$$ Introduction: Although the antidepressant efficacy of rTMS is well documented, patient reported outcomes (PROs) with rTMS are poorly characterized. The aim of the current study is to assess short and long-term changes in self-reported quality of life and disability following a 6-week course of rTMS. Methods: We performed a secondary analysis of data from the multi-centre THREE-D trial of 10 Hz high-frequency (HF) rTMS (n = 192) vs. intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) (n = 193) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). We assessed changes in the Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire and Sheehan Disability Scale pre-treatment, at 1-week post-rTMS treatment (Acute Follow-up), and at 12-weeks post-treatment (Long-Term Follow-Up). Results: PROs significantly improved with rTMS. There were no differences in PROs between iTBS and HF left DLPFC rTMS at either the Acute or Long-Term Follow-Up. The magnitude of the change in effect sizes seen for the PROs were significantly greater in those who achieved greater resolution their depressive symptoms, with remitters demonstrating very large effect size improvements in PROs compared to small-to-medium effect sizes in non-remitters. Conclusions: This study is the largest in the literature exploring at the effect of rTMS on PROs. rTMS yielded acute and sustained improvements in PROs. The improvements in PROs were strongly associated with the degree of resolution of depressive symptoms. The magnitude of the change in remitters was comparable to those reported with ECT. The goal of a course of rTMS should be for full remission of depressive symptoms in order to achieve optimal functional outcomes.
Medical, Surgical, and Genetic Treatment of Huntington Disease$$$ Huntington disease, a neurodegenerative disease characterized by progressive motor, behavioral, and cognitive decline, is caused by a CAG trinucleotide repeat expansion in the huntingtin gene on chromosome 4. Current treatments target symptom management because there are no disease-modifying therapies at this time. Investigation of RNA-based and DNA-based treatment strategies are emerging and hold promise of possible future disease-modifying therapy.
Predictors of remission after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: An analysis from the randomised non-inferiority THREE-D trial$$$ Background: Although repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), treatment selection is still mainly a process of trial-and-error. The present study aimed to identify clinical predictors of remission after a course of rTMS delivered to the left DLPFC to improve patient selection. Methods: Data from a large randomised non-inferiority trial comparing standard 10 Hz and intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) for the treatment of MDD were used for the exploratory analyses. Individual variables were assessed for their association with remission and then included in a logistic regression model to determine odds ratios (OR) and corresponding 95% confidence intervals. Model discrimination (internal validation) was carried out to assess model optimism using the c-index. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01887782. Findings: 388 subjects were included in the analysis (199-iTBS and 189-10 Hz, respectively). Higher baseline severity of both depressive and anxiety symptoms were associated with a lower chance of achieving remission (OR=0.64, 95% CI 0.46–0.88; and 0.78, 95% CI 0·60–0.98, respectively). Current employment was a positive predictor for remission (OR=1.69, 95% CI 1.06–2.7), while greater number of treatment failures was associated with lower odds of achieving remission (OR=0.51, 95% CI 0.27–0.98). A non-linear effect of age and remission was observed. An analysis to allow an estimate of the probability of remission using all variables was assessed. The c-index for the fitted model was 0.687. Interpretation: Our results suggest that measuring depression symptom severity, employment status, and refractoriness are important in prognosticating outcome to a course of rTMS in MDD. Funding: Canadian Institutes of Health Research MOP-136801.
Coffee Consumption Moderates the Antidepressant Effect of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Background: Potentiating current antidepressant treatment is much needed. Animal studies indicate that caffeine may augment the effects of currently available antidepressants. Here, we tested if coffee consumption enhanced the treatment effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) for major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: Thirty-nine patients with MDD were randomized to active iTBS (n=18) or sham treatment (n=21; weak electrical stimulation) delivered twice-daily for 10-15 weekdays. Magnetic resonance imaging-guided stimulation was applied to the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex. Symptom improvement was measured using change in self-reported Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores. Pretreatment coffee consumption was quantified using self-reports of number of cups of coffee consumed the day before and the day of treatment start. Results: A multiple regression analysis identified an interaction effect between pretreatment coffee consumption and treatment group on symptom improvement (β=1.05, p=.046), such that only patients receiving active iTBS showed greater symptom improvement with larger coffee consumption (r=.49, p=.037). No main effects of group (β=0.22, p=.17) or coffee consumption (β=0.22, p=.18) were identified, nor were group differences in pretreatment symptom scores or coffee consumption (p’s>.87). Conclusions: Coffee consumption potentiated the antidepressant effect of dorsomedial iTBS, consistent with caffeine improving antidepressant pharmacological treatments in animals. Caffeine is an antagonist of adenosine receptors, and may enhance antidepressant effects through downstream dopaminergic or BDNF targets. Alternatively, a yet covert common factor associated with higher caffeine consumption may also predispose for beneficial iTBS effect. Future experimental studies should replicate and further investigate potential mechanisms. Supported By: Swedish Research Council Grant 2016-02362; The Swedish Brain Foundation; Swedish Medical Society Keywords: Depression, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, Antidepressant Response
Grey Matter Covariance Predicts Response to rTMS in Depression$$$ Background: Clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depressive disorder (MDD) is variable. Structural covariance networks have been shown to recapitulate functional network architecture and are disrupted in neuropsychiatric disorders. Whether structural covariance networks can be used to predict response to rTMS in depression is unclear. Using multivariate cortical mapping, we assessed whether pre-treatment structural covariance could differentiate rTMS responders compared to non-responders and healthy controls (HC). Methods: We included 270 persons with MDD (39% male, 18-64 y/o) who participated in a randomized non-inferiority trial to assess high-frequency versus theta-burst rTMS (ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01887782). We included a series of HCs (n=70, 47% male, 18-66 y/o). Patients were grouped by change on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Score at study completion (non-responders <0%, poor responders >0-30%, medium responders >33-66% and robust responders >66%). All participants had a pretreatment T1-weighted, 3.0 Tesla MRI. Cortical thickness maps were computed from MRI using FreeSurfer and submitted to Partial Least Squares (PLS) analysis to isolate systems of structural covariance that differentiated groups. Significance testing was performed using permutation and bootstrap analyses. A network expression score was computed for each participant and compared across groups by ANCOVA (age and sex adjusted). Larger scores indicated higher expression of the group-level network pattern. Results: A significant PLS covariance network was isolated that differentiated rTMS medium and robust responders compared to both poor/non-responders and controls (F[3,334]=9.5,P<0.001). Conclusions: These results suggest that structural covariance derived from T1-weighted MRI is a candidate marker to predict response to rTMS in MDD. Supported By: Canadian Institutes of Health Research, the Buchan Family Foundation, Temerty Family Foundation and The Norris Scholar Award Keywords: MRI Brain Imaging, Depression, Structural Covariance Networks, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation
Use of EEG Signals to Understand Variability in rTMS Treatment$$$ Background: The clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment is, like that to other treatments in psychiatry, notoriously heterogeneous. By understanding sources of that variability, it may be possible to identify brain targets for depression treatment through neurostimulation, and how these may differ across individuals (i.e. anatomically, physiologically, etc). Methods: Using electroencephalography (EEG)-based readouts we examined two questions: 1) how does the concurrent EEG response to TMS stimulation predict and change with rTMS treatment, and 2) how do resting EEG signals inform which brain regions to stimulate, how and in whom. To answer the first question, we conducted a sham-controlled randomized trial of left prefrontal 10Hz rTMS for depression, with pre/post single pulse TMS/EEG. To address the second question, we created and applied a novel machine learning method in the service of understanding treatment-predictive EEG patterns in both antidepressant and rTMS treatment. Results: We found that an early TMS/EEG response (at 30ms post-pulse) is the primary signal changed by real versus sham left-prefrontal 10Hz rTMS, and that the magnitude of this change related to treatment outcome. Our machine learning analyses revealed a signal prominently involving the lateral prefrontal cortices which predicted both worse response to antidepressant medication and better response to right-prefrontal 1Hz rTMS specifically. Conclusions: These findings suggest that resting EEG patterns broadly implicating lateral prefrontal regions can identify individuals particularly sensitive to rTMS (notably including those resistant to medication) and that rTMS outcome may be optimizable by targeting the 30ms TMS/EEG response in future adaptive rTMS protocols. Supported By: Dana Foundation, NIH DP1, NIH U01 Keywords: TMS, Concurrent TMS/fMRI, MDD, Machine Learning, Prediction of Treatment Outcome
Differential Effects of Ketamine on Peripheral Blood VEGFA and PEDF(SERPINF1) mRNA in Patients With Depression$$$ Background: Through interacting with BDNF, vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF) has been implicated in the antidepressant action of ketamine. VEGF is also linked to pigment epithelial-derived factor (PEDF), which inhibits VEGF and is neurotrophic. Plasma PEDF is increased in depressed patients and further increased post-ECT. We therefore explored the effect of single ketamine infusions on peripheral blood mRNA levels of VEGFA and PEDF (SERPINF1) and their relationship in patients with depression. Methods: KARMA-Dep pilot trial (NCT03256162) participants were randomized to receive 40-minute infusions of ketamine (0.5 mg/kg; n=12) or midazolam (0.045 mg/kg; n=11). During the first infusion, peripheral blood was obtained (PAXgene system, Qiagen) 60 minutes before infusions and 4 hours later. mRNA extraction, cDNA synthesis and qRT-PCR were performed and the comparative Ct method used for analysis. Gene expression data are reported as relative quantification (RQ) values. Mood and dissociation measures were obtained pre-/post-infusions. Results: Groups were balanced for age, sex and depression severity. There was no difference between groups in mood change scores (p<0.3). However, only ketamine increased VEGFA mRNA levels (p=0.03). Although there was no significant group x time interaction for SERPINF1 (p=0.08), ketamine reduced RQ values from 0.90±0.3 to 0.79±0.4 while midazolam values were relatively unchanged. Only ketamine increased the VEGFA/SERPINF1 ratio (p=0.005). There were no correlations between VEGFA, SERPINF1 or VEGFA/SERPINF1 ratio and mood or dissociation measures. Conclusions: This is the first report of ketamine selectively increasing VEGFA mRNA and the VEGFA/SERPINF1 ratio in humans, supporting a role for VEGF in the molecular response to ketamine. Supported By: Health Research Board (HRA POR 2014 604, MRCG-2016-23). Keywords: Major Depression, Ketamine, VEGF, PEDF, Blood
Double-Blinded Randomized Pilot Clinical Trial Comparing Cognitive Side Effects & Antidepressant Efficacy of Standard Ultra Brief Pulse Right Unilateral (UBP-RUL) ECT Versus Low Amplitude-Titrated Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST)$$$ Background: Concerns over cognitive side effects limit broader usage of ECT. An open-label proof of concept LAP-ST trial has shown a better cognitive profile with LAP-ST compared to historical data of standard ECT. However, the effectiveness and cognitive side effects profile of an amplitude-titrated LAP-ST have never been compared to standard ECT in a double-blinded and randomized clinical trial. The objectives of this analysis were to: 1) Examine the cognitive side effects of LAP-ST compared to RUL-ECT using Time to Reorientation (TRO, as the primary outcome), and 2) Compare the reduction of depressive symptoms (Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale, MADRS) between the two groups. Methods: Patients clinically indicated for ECT were randomized to a course of either LAP-ST or standard RUL ECT. TRO and MADRS data were analyzed using descriptive analysis due to a priori sample size limitation for this pilot study. Results: Eleven patients with a current major depressive episode (MDE) were enrolled. Of these, seven were eligible and were randomized. TRO was more than two times faster for the LAP-ST (6.8 min) than RUL-ECT group (15.5 min). MADRS scores improved similarly in the two groups from baseline (baseline MADRS score: LAP-ST=41, RUL=39) to endpoint (endpoint MADRS score: LAP-ST=8, RUL=9.5). Most of patients in the two groups had robust improvement by session seven. Conclusions: This was the first human randomized and blinded clinical trial of LAP-ST suggesting that the LAP-ST has numerically lower cognitive side effects compared to standard ECT, with comparable efficacy. Future larger studies are warranted for replicating these findings. Supported By: Supported by the Department of Psychiatry and Health Behavior, and Office of Academic Affairs Medical College of Georgia, Augusta University, Augusta, GA, USA Keywords: Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy, Amplitude Titrated Seizure Therapy, Electroconvulsive Therapy, Depression, Treatment-Resistant Depression
Convergent Multimodal Imaging Biomarkers of Transmodal Antidepressant Treatment Response: Preliminary Findings$$$ Background: Recent studies have characterized structural or functional brain imaging markers predictive of response to individual treatments, however, little work has been done to compare biomarkers of antidepressant treatment response across treatment modalities to identify convergent and/or unique biomarkers. We used machine learning to investigate multimodal imaging biomarkers of antidepressant treatment response to three rapidly-acting interventions: electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), serial ketamine infusion (SKI), and total sleep deprivation (TSD). Methods: Eighty-six major depressive disorder (MDD) patients in the Connectomes Related to Human Disease Project, Perturbation of the Treatment of Resistant Depression Connectome by Fast-Acting Therapies, were included. Depressive symptoms were evaluated using the six-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-6) and the Ruminative Response Scale (RRS) before and after patients received ECT (n=20), SKI (n=49), or TSD (n=17). Random forest (RF) models were used to predict individual change in HDRS-6 and RRS scores within each treatment using pretreatment cortical thickness, subcortical volume, and resting-state functional connectivity, and symptom severity measures. Models were trained and tested using bootstrapped cross validation. Models predictive of individual treatment response were used to predict response across treatments. Results: Correlation between predicted versus actual change was significant for the HDRS-6 (r=0.26, p<0.001) and the RRS reflective dimension (r=0.70, p<0.001) for SKI patients. The SKI HDRS-6 model was significantly predictive of HDRS-6 change in the ECT group (r=0.31, p<0.001) while the SKI RRS-reflective model predicted change in RRS-reflective symptoms in the TSD group (r=0.45, p<0.001). Conclusions: We identified multimodal imaging predictors of response to SKI that generalized to predict ECT and TSD response. Supported By: NARSAD Brain & Behavior Research Foundation; K99 MH119314; U01MH110008 Keywords: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Treatment Response, Machine Learning, Multimodal Imaging, Ketamine
Treatment of Suicidality in Bipolar Depression With Magnetic Seizure Therapy: Clinical Effects and Neurophysiological Correlates$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly effective for acute suicidal ideation but is limited by significant adverse cognitive effects. Magnetic Seizure Therapy (MST) is a novel convulsive treatment with more focal stimulation that has been found to have no adverse cognitive effects and may be effective in bipolar depression. There is evidence that cortical inhibition measured with transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroencephalography (TMS-EEG) may predict treatment response. Methods: Bipolar depression patients with suicidal ideation, measured by the Beck Scale for Suicidal Ideation (SSI), received an open-label course of MST for 24 sessions or until remission of depression. TMS-EEG measures of the N100 peak and long interval cortical inhibition (LICI) were performed at baseline over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and motor cortex (M1). Results: In 19 patients receiving an adequate trial of MST (≥8 treatments), 47.4% achieved remission of suicidality (SSI = 0). In 14 patients completing the trial per protocol, remission rate was 57.14%. In 9 patients with TMS-EEG data, there was a significant correlation between the LICI and change in SSI in the DLPFC (r =.81, p =.02), but not the M1 (r =.2, p =.64). No correlations were found with the N100. Conclusions: In this open label trial, MST was highly effective at reducing suicidality in bipolar depression and was associated with lower baseline LICI values in the DLPFC. These results warrant further investigation with larger randomized clinical trials comparing MST and ECT with cortical inhibition as a predictor of treatment response. Supported By: MagVenture Inc. Keywords: Magnetic Seizure Therapy, Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), Bipolar Depression, Suicidal Ideation
A Multicenter Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation as Monotherapy in Depressed Adolescents$$$ Background: Adolescent depression is a growing challenge nationwide with high morbidity and suicidality. We highlight results of the first multicenter double blinded active vs sham trial of TMS to treat adolescents with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: 103 subjects aged 12-21 were included in the intent to treat population. Subjects were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to receive either daily treatment with the NeuroStar TMS Therapy device (N=48) or sham treatment (N=55) for up to 6 weeks (30 treatments) as monotherapy. The primary outcome measure was HAMD 24. Patients who did not have a 25% reduction in HAMD by week 6 were eligible for open label treatment. Results: At baseline, no significant difference of demographics, severity of illness, or number of antidepressant trials (ADT) between active vs shame were found. After 6 weeks of blinded treatment, the mean HAMD24 changes in active were a 11.1 point improvement vs. a 10.6 in sham. Absence of significant difference between active vs sham, P=0.8 and 95% CI -0.5 [-4.2, 3.3] is likely due to known high placebo response in double blinded trials for adolescents, rather than a low treatment response (the response rate in active was N= 20/48, 41.7%). The treatment was generally well tolerated. Conclusions: TMS has a low risk profile when used to treat adolescent patients, which is consistent with the use of the device in adults. Treatment and sham groups both improved. Future studies should be designed with a larger sample and designed to reduce placebo response. Supported By: Neuronetics Keywords: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), Adolescent Depression, Clinical Trials
Individual Prediction of Electroconvulsive Therapy Response Using Multicenter Neuroimaging Data: For the GEMRIC Consortium$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective intervention for severe depression. Initial studies have identified neuroimaging biomarkers that may enable personalized treatment. However, sample sizes were small and replication across larger multicenter datasets is required. Therefore, we aimed to develop robust imaging markers based on multicenter data from the Global ECT-MRI Research Collaboration (GEMRIC). Methods: Structural T1 and resting-state fMRI data from 166 depressed patients were obtained from seven sites in North America and Europe. All participants underwent scanning and clinical assessment pre- and post-ECT. Treatment response was defined as 50% reduction in MADRS or HDRS score. Voxel-based morphometry was used to extract gray matter images from T1 scans. Independent component analysis was used to extract resting-state networks from fMRI data, and between-network correlations were computed. Multivariate classification analyses were performed using linear support vector machine (libsvm) with 50 cross-validation iterations with random selection of 80% data for training and 20% for testing, stratified for class and site. Results: The final sample included 106 ECT responders and 60 ECT non-responders. Response classification accuracy was higher using functional network correlations (AUC mean (SD): 0.75(0.08)) than when using gray matter images (AUC mean (SD): 0.65(0.07)). Conclusions: These results show that the response to ECT can be predicted for individual patients using neuroimaging data. The large variability of the multicenter data suggests that these biomarkers are robust, indicating that future development of a clinical decision support tool might be feasible. Supported By: NWO/ZonMW Vidi 016.156.318 Keywords: Brain Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI), Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), Machine Learning, Depression
Resting-State Functional Connectivity Predicted Age Difference in Major Depressive Disorder is Associated With Attentional Impulsivity and Antidepressant Response to Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Background: Deviations in predicted age are thought to reflect clinically-meaningful biomarkers of disease risk. Most studies predict age using structural MRI. However, there are mixed results in assessing aging in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). In this study, we aim to quantify brain-predicted age difference (PAD) in MDD using resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC), and to establish the relationship of PAD with clinical markers and response to medial prefrontal Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) from a sham-controlled trial. Methods: rsFC of 710 healthy controls (ages 18-85) was used to train a support vector regression (SVR) model predicting age. rsFC from 109 MDD participants who received TMS were used to test SVR accuracy. We tested to see whether PAD differed with a comorbid anxiety, and whether PAD was associated with attentional impulsivity (measured by the Barratt Impulsivity Scale) and TMS response. Results: The SVR predicted the age of healthy controls significantly better than chance (p<0.001). MDD PAD did not significantly differ from controls (p=0.35), but there was a mean increase in PAD in MDD of 1.6 years. MDD PAD was higher for individuals with a comorbid anxiety disorder (p=0.03), and with greater attentional impulsivity (p=0.02). Higher PAD was associated with active TMS non-response (p=0.01) and placebo response (p=0.01). Conclusions: There is a modest but nonsignificant increase in the predicted age of MDD participants using rsFC. Irrespective of differences relative to controls, the presence of a higher PAD in MDD was associated with greater disease burden, increased attentional impairments and poor response to active TMS. Supported By: Canadian Institutes of Health Research; Other Keywords: Brain Aging, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Resting-State Functional Connectivity, Support Vector Machines
Assessing and Stabilizing Aberrant Neuroplasticity in Autism Spectrum Disorder Using Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: Results From a Proof-Of-Principle Study$$$ Background: Emerging evidence implicates aberrant neuroplasticity in the pathophysiology of autism. In particular, brain in autistic people was found to be hyperplastic using theta burst stimulation (TBS). Using TBS of the motor cortex (M1) in autistic adults, we predicted observing hyperplasticity and that a ‘mechanism-driven’ repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) known to potentiate brain inhibitory mechanisms will stabilize it. Methods: Using a randomized cross-over design, neuroplasticity was assessed using TBS in the left M1 in 31 autistic adults (age 29.45±10.35years,11 females) and 30 sex-, intelligence quotient-, and age- matched controls (age 31.20±10.15years,11 females). Autistic adults were further randomized (1:1) to receive a single session of active or sham rTMS (6000 pulses at 20Hz, inter-train interval 30s) over left M1 and neuroplasticity was reassessed on the next day following rTMS. TBS comprised of 2 paradigms- intermittent TBS (iTBS) and continuous TBS (cTBS). iTBS results in Long Term Potentiation (LTP), which was measured by the duration of enhancement of the motor evoked potentials (MEPs). cTBS results in Long Term Depression (LTD), which was measured by the duration of suppression of MEPs. Results: As predicted, both LTP (autism: 106.93±30.37min; controls: 86.33±38.23min; p=0.023) and LTD (autism: 115.64±13.52min; controls: 94.66±35.93min; p=0.004) were excessive in the autism group, indicating hyperplasticity. Active rTMS attenuated LTD [active(n=10): 94.50±15.89min; sham(n=8): 112.50±11.33min; F=6.17, p=0.025], but not LTP [active(n=4): 105.00±12.24min; sham(n=7): 115.71±11.33min; F=1.60, p=0.242]. Conclusions: This study provides preliminary evidence that rTMS can stabilize aberrant hyperplasticity in autism. The findings pave the way for designing novel biological treatment opportunities for autism based on neurobiological mechanisms. Supported By: Caskey/Francis Clinical Research Award, Scottish Rite Charitable Foundation of Canada Research Grant, AHSC AFP Innovation Fund, Dean's Fund Faculty of Medicine University of Toronto Keywords: Autism, Neuroplasticity, Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, Theta Burst, Neurophysiology
Factor Structure of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale During Electroconvulsive Therapy and Magnetic Seizure Therapy in the Treatment of Major Depression$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), in which seizures are induced using high-dose repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, offers similar efficacy as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), but with lower side effects. We investigate how these treatment modalities compare in their effects on symptom dimensions of depression. Methods: This was a multicenter, double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial. Seventy-two depressed patients, age 19-80, provided informed consent to receive ECT or MST. Baseline 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) for ultrabrief pulse right unilateral ECT (N=38) and MST (N=35) groups were 29.7 (SD=6.1) and 31.4 (SD=7.3), respectively. We performed Exploratory Factor Analysis with the baseline itemized HAMD-24. Results: The baseline HAMD-24 items loaded onto five factors. Factor 1 consisted of suicide, depressed mood, hopelessness, worthlessness, helplessness, and guilt; Factor 2 consisted of somatic symptoms, gastro-intestinal, psychic anxiety, and diurnal variation; Factor 3 consisted of insomnia and general somatic symptoms; Factor 4 consisted of anxiety somatic, loss of weight, hypochondriasis, and insight; Factor 5 consisted of agitation and retardation. Over the course of ECT or MST, Factors 1 and 2 showed significant reductions (z-scores=-3), and Factor 3 showed a moderate reduction (z-score=-2). No differences between MST and ECT were found in factor response. Conclusions: MST and ECT did not differ in their impact on symptom dimensions. The most significant improvements observed were in the general negative mood, sleep, and somatic factors. Future work will investigate predictors of the speed of treatment response using trajectory clustering and discrimination analysis. Supported By: The Stanley Medical Research Institute Keywords: Depression, Electroconvulsive Therapy, Magnetic Seizure Therapy, Treatment Resistant Depression, Factor Analysis
A Double Randomized Controlled Trial of Twice vs. Once Daily Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) has emerged as an effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) and has recently been approved by the US FDA. A single session of iTBS can be delivered in just over 3 minutes, as such there are opportunities to potentially accelerate treatment response by providing multiple sessions per day. The present study aimed to determine whether delivering 2 treatments per day was superior to one. Methods: Participants aged 18-59 with MDD were included in a multi-site, randomized blinded clinical trial of twice-daily versus once-daily sessions of iTBS to the left DLPFC. Participants, symptom raters and operators were blinded to group allocation. Treatment time and wait with technician was matched across both groups. Number of pulses per day was balanced between groups (1200 pulses). The primary outcome measure was change in 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-17) after 10 days of treatment (20 treatments for the twice-daily group and 10 treatments for the once-daily group); secondary outcomes included changes in symptoms after 30 treatment days and response and remission rates after 10 and 30 days respectively. Results: 208 participants were included in the intention to treat analysis (104-once-daily iTBS and 104-twice-daily iTBS, respectively). The estimated adjusted difference between twice-daily and once-daily at 10 days was 0.39 (SE 1.06)( t=-0.37; DF=54; p=0.71) and 1.13 (SE 1.37) (t=0.83;DF=43.345; p=0.41). Conclusions: Our results suggest that two treatments per day does not lead to superior reduction in depressive symptoms, response and remission rates after 10 days and 30 days of treatment. Supported By: Brain Canada Foundation Keywords: Theta Burst, Accelerated Theta Burst, Depression
Default Mode Network Connectivity and Brain Derived Trophic Factor in Brain Stimulation of TBI patients$$$ Background: Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) is the best-known predictor of patient response to repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment for depression. RTMS is also used in Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) but biological markers underlying the response have not been clearly identified. Here we examine the relationship between BDNF and Default Mode Network (DMN) connectivity in a double-blind randomized clinical trial using rTMS in Veterans with TBI. Methods: Twenty-four Veterans (21 male; mean age: 44 yrs.) with TBI were enrolled in treatment (n = 11) or sham (n = 10) at VA Palo Alto. FDA approved parameters for depression were utilized (10 Hz stimulation at Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal cortex). Blood samples and MRI scans were collected at baseline and post-treatment (T20). Results: Treatment did not significantly affect change in BDNF levels (Active: -0.31±3.02; Sham: 0.25±3.10) or DMN connectivity (Active: -0.35±2.15; Sham: -1.64±1.46; p>0.1). BDNF change was significantly correlated with DMN connectivity (p<.0211). When T20 DMN was the outcome, there were no significant effects of BDNF change, baseline DMN or Treatment/Sham (p> 0.1). There was an overall effect of age on post-T20 DMN (p=.0496). Conclusions: Results show a correlation between BDNF change and DMN connectivity where higher BDNF levels are associated with lower DMN connectivity – an indicator of improved brain function. This association is not driven by rTMS treatment. Although the sample size is small, biomarker targets for rTMS treatment in TBI are important to study as these patients suffer from a myriad of psychiatric problems. Supported By: VA Rehabilitation SPIRE Award to Dr. Adamson Keywords: TBI, BOLD fMRI, Brain Connectivity, rTMS, BDNF
Combining tDCS and Cognitive Training for People With Severe Mental illness: Preliminary Findings$$$ Background: Advances in neuromodulation and cognitive remediation provide opportunities to develop novel interventions, though a critical determination is whether such treatments are feasible and acceptable. This study evaluated recruitment, retention, adherence, and initial effects on working memory for an intervention combining transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and computerized cognitive training in individuals with severe mental illness. Methods: Participants included adults with schizophrenia-spectrum or bipolar disorder and impaired working memory (≤1 S.D. from norm). In this randomized crossover study, all participants received the combined intervention (ten tDCS sessions concurrent with cognitive training) and stand-alone cognitive training (ten hours, at home). They completed standardized working memory measures at three time points. Results: Twenty-four out of 25 individuals approached consented to participate in the study. Twelve participants were subsequently screened out (11 exceeding the cognitive cutoff, one not meeting the diagnostic criterion). Two enrolled participants were lost to follow-up and withdrawn (17% attrition). Nine participants completed all tDCS sessions, and tDCS was well-tolerated. Only three participants completed all ten hours of at-home training, many citing time or symptoms as barriers. The majority of participants improved on working memory measures over the course of the study, beyond practice effects alone. No significant differences in working memory gains were detected between treatment arms, though statistical power was limited by the small sample size. Conclusions: Combining tDCS with cognitive training appears feasible and acceptable. tDCS was well-tolerated and participants derived initial cognitive benefit from the interventions. Recruitment of a larger sample using a sham-controlled randomized design is underway. Supported By: NAMI Keywords: Neuromodulation, Cognitive Training, Schizophrenia, Bipolar Disorder
Distinct symptom-specific treatment targets for circuit-based neuromodulation$$$ Objective: Treatment of different depression symptoms may require different brain stimulation targets with different underlying brain circuits. The authors sought to identify such targets, which could improve the efficacy of therapeutic brain stimulation and facilitate personalized therapy. Methods: The authors retrospectively analyzed two independent cohorts of patients who received left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for treatment of depression (discovery sample, N=30; active replication sample, N=81; sham replication sample, N=87). Each patient's TMS site was mapped to underlying brain circuits using functional connectivity MRI from a large connectome database (N=1,000). Circuits associated with improvement in each depression symptom were identified and then clustered based on similarity. The authors tested for reproducibility across data sets and whether symptom-specific targets derived fromone data set could predict symptom improvement in the other independent cohort. Results: The authors identified two distinct circuit targets effective for two discrete clusters of depressive symptoms. Dysphoric symptoms, such as sadness and anhedonia, responded best to stimulation of one circuit, while anxiety and somatic symptoms responded best to stimulation of a different circuit. These circuit maps were reproducible, predicted symptomimprovement in independent patient cohorts, and were specific to active comparedwith shamstimulation. The maps predicted symptom improvement in an exploratory analysis of stimulation sites from 14 clinical TMS trials. Conclusions: Distinct clusters of depressive symptoms responded better to different TMS targets across independent retrospective data sets. These symptom-specific targets can be prospectively tested in a randomized clinical trial. This datadriven approach for identifying symptom-specific targets may prove useful for other disorders and facilitate personalized neuromodulation therapy.
Inhibitory effect of apomorphine on focal and nonfocal plasticity in the human motor cortex$$$ Dopamine is crucial for neuroplasticity, which is considered to be the neurophysiological foundation of learning and memory. The specific effect of dopamine on plasticity such as long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) is determined by receptor subtype specificity, concentration level, and the kind of plasticity induction technique. In healthy human subjects, the dopamine precursor levodopa (L-DOPA) exerts a dosage-dependent non-linear effect on motor cortex plasticity. Low and high dosage L-DOPA impaired or abolished plasticity, while medium-dose preserved and reversed plasticity in previous studies. Similar dosage-dependent effects were also observed for selective D1-like and D2-like receptor activation that favor excitatory and inhibitory plasticity, respectively. However, such a dosage-dependent effect has not been explored for a nonselective dopamine agonist such as apomorphine in humans. To this aim, nonfocal and focal motor cortex plasticity induction using paired associative stimulation (PAS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) were performed respectively in healthy participants under 0.1, 0.2, 0.3 mg apomorphine or placebo drug. Transcranial magnetic stimulation-elicited motor-evoked potentials were used to monitor motor cortical excitability alterations. We hypothesized that, similar to L-DOPA, apomorphine will affect motor cortex plasticity. The results showed that apomorphine with the applied dosages has an inhibitory effect for focal and nonfocal LTP-like and LTD-like plasticity, which was either abolished, diminished or reversed. The detrimental effect on plasticity induction under all dosages of apomorphine suggests a predominantly presynaptic mechanism of action of these dosages.
Cognitive effects of brief and ultrabrief pulse bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy: a randomised controlled proof-of-concept trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Reduction of the pulse width has been reported to improve ECT outcomes with unilateral ECT (similar efficacy, fewer cognitive side effects), but has been minimally studied for bitemporal ECT. The only study comparing brief and ultrabrief pulse bitemporal ECT found reduced efficacy for bitemporal ultrabrief compared to bitemporal brief pulse stimulation. This randomised controlled trial (RCT) aimed to test if ultrabrief pulse bitemporal ECT results in fewer cognitive side effects than brief pulse bitemporal ECT, when given at doses adjusted with the aim of achieving comparable efficacy. METHODS: Thirty-six participants were randomly assigned to receive ultrabrief (at 3 times seizure threshold) or brief (at 1.5 times seizure threshold) pulse bitemporal ECT given 3 times a week in a double-blind, controlled proof-of-concept trial. Blinded raters assessed mood and cognitive functioning over the ECT course. RESULTS: Efficacy and cognitive outcomes did not differ significantly between the two treatment groups over the ECT course. The ultrabrief pulse group performed better on a test of visual memory assessed acutely after an ECT treatment. CONCLUSIONS: This study suggests there may be a small cognitive advantage in giving bitemporal ECT with an ultrabrief pulse when dosage is increased to match the efficacy of brief pulse bitemporal ECT, but the study was underpowered to fully examine this issue.Clinical Trials Registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT00870805.
Efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for major depressive disorder: An individual patient data meta-analysis$$$ We evaluated the efficacy and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for treating acute depressive episodes using individual patient data that provide more precise estimates than aggregate data meta-analysis. A systematic review of placebo-controlled trials on tDCS as only intervention was conducted until December-2018. Data from each study was collated to estimate odds ratio (OR) and number needed to treat (NNT) of response and remission, and depression improvement. Endpoints were pre-determined. Nine eligible studies (572 participants), presenting moderate/high certainty of evidence, were included. Active tDCS was significantly superior to sham for response (30.9% vs. 18.9% respectively; OR = 1.96, 95%CI [1.30–2.95], NNT = 9), remission (19.9% vs. 11.7%, OR = 1.94 [1.19–3.16], NNT = 13) and depression improvement (effect size of β = 0.31, [0.15–0.47]). Moreover, continuous clinical improvement was observed even after the end of acute tDCS treatment. There were no differences in all-cause discontinuation rates and no predictors of response were identified. To conclude, active tDCS was statistically superior to sham in all outcomes, although its clinical effects were moderate.
Efficacy and tolerability of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Methods: This study followed the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. PubMed, Medline, PsycINFO, Embase, and Cochrane Library were systematically searched from the time of their inception until July 17, 2019. Data were pooled using a random-effects model. Primary outcomes were mean change of depression and anxiety severity. Secondary outcomes were response and remission rate of depression. Results: Fifteen studies including three randomized controlled trials (RCTs) (n = 417, mean age: 50.6 years) and twelve uncontrolled clinical trials (n = 284, mean age: 46.4 years) were included. dTMS significantly improved the depressive (Hedges' g = −1.323, 95% CI = −1.651 to −0.995, p <.001) and anxiety symptoms (Hedges' g = −1.282, 95% CI = −1.514 to −1.051, p <.001) in patients with TRD. Subgroup analysis showed that non-RCTs had a larger effect size than RCTs (−1.461 vs −0.756) on depression severity. Although the response and remission rates of the dTMS group were high, only studies using both dTMS and antidepressant medications achieved significance. The anxiolytic effect of dTMS was more heterogeneous, and the results were obtained mainly from non-RCTs. Importantly, the dTMS group showed favorable tolerability without major adverse events. Conclusions: dTMS is a safe and effective intervention in patients with TRD. Studies combining dTMS and antidepressant medications seemed to show greater therapeutic effects. Future studies are needed to address the interaction effect of dTMS with different classes of antidepressant medications.
Cost-utility analysis of curative and maintenance repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treatment-resistant unipolar depression: A randomized controlled trial protocol$$$ Background: Depression is a debilitating and costly disease for our society, especially in the case of treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective adjuvant therapy in treatment-resistant unipolar and non-psychotic depression. It can be applied according to two therapeutic strategies after an initial rTMS cure: a further rTMS cure can be performed at the first sign of relapse or recurrence, or systematic maintenance rTMS (M-rTMS) can be proposed. TMS adjuvant to treatment as usual (TAU) could improve long-term prognosis. However, no controlled study has yet compared the cost-effectiveness of these two additional rTMS therapeutic strategies versus TAU alone. Methods/design: This paper focuses on the design of a health-economic, prospective, randomized, double-blind, multicenter study with three parallel arms carried out in France. This study assesses the cost-effectiveness of the adjunctive and maintenance low frequency rTMS on the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex versus TAU alone. A total of 318 patients suffering from a current TRD will be enrolled. The primary endpoint is to investigate the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) (ratio costs / quality-adjusted life-years [QALY] measured by the Euroqol Five Dimension Questionnaire) over 12 months in a population of patients assigned to one of three arms: systematic M-rTMS for responders (arm A); additional new rTMS cure in case of mood deterioration among responders (arm B); and a placebo arm (arm C) in which responders are allocated in two subgroups: sham systematic M-rTMS and supplementary rTMS course in case of mood deterioration. ICER and QALYs will be compared between arm A or B versus arm C. The secondary endpoints in each three arms will be: ICER at 24 months; the cost-utility ratio analysis at 12 and 24 months; 5-year budget impact analysis; and prognosis factors of rTMS. The following criteria will be compared between arm A or B and arm C: rates of responders; remission and disease-free survival; clinical evolution; tolerance; observance; treatment modifications; hospitalization; suicide attempts; work stoppage; marital / professional statues; and quality of life at 12 and 24 months. Discussion: The purpose of our study is to check the cost-effectiveness of rTMS and we will discuss its economic impact over time. In the case of significant decrease in the depression costs and expenditures associated with a good long-term prognosis (sustained response and remission) and tolerance, rTMS could be considered as an efficient treatment within the armamentarium for resistant unipolar depression. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03701724. Registered on 10 October 2018. Protocol Amendment Version 2.0 accepted on 29 June 2019.
The Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Relapse, Anxiety, and Depression in Patients With Opioid Dependence Under Methadone Maintenance Treatment: A Pilot Study$$$ Background and Objective: Patients under methadone maintenance therapy (MMT) are susceptible to several complications including mental disturbances and risk of relapse. The present study was designed to evaluate the effects of tDCS on relapse, depression, and anxiety of opioid-dependent patients under methadone maintenance treatment (MMT). Methods: It was a randomized-clinical trial that conducted among 27 male patients referred to the outpatient addiction clinic of Ibn-e-Sina psychiatric hospital in Mashhad from July 2018 to May 2019. Participants were allocated to two treatment groups including intervention and sham groups. The intervention group received seven sessions of tDCS, in the F3 (cathode) and F4 (anode) areas of the brain, each one lasts 20 min, in two consecutive weeks. Depression, anxiety, and stress scale-21 (DASS-21) were measured before, during, and after the intervention in patients under MMT. Relapse on the morphine, cannabis, and methamphetamine was screened by urine dipstick tests of morphine, cannabis, and methamphetamine. Results: Depression, anxiety, and stress of participants were significantly reduced in the intervention group compared with the control after the seventh session of tDCS (P < 0.001, P=0.01, and P=0.01, respectively). In addition, the relapse rate showed no significant changes between the two groups (P=0.33). Conclusion: Overall, our study demonstrated that depression, anxiety, and stress of participants were significantly reduced after the seventh session of tDCS, but did not affect on the relapse rate. Therefore, it can be applied as a safe and effective technique to relieve mental disorder among receiving MMT. Clinical Trial Registration: http://www.irct.ir, identifier IRCT20180604039979N1.
The effect of acute exposure to morphine on breathing variability and cardiopulmonary coupling in men with obstructive sleep apnea: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Opioid-related deaths from respiratory depression are increasing but there is only limited information on the effect of morphine on breathing during sleep. This study aimed to detect and quantify opioid-induced cardiorespiratory pattern changes during sleep in obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) patients using novel automated methods and correlate these with conventional polysomnography (PSG) measures. Under a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled crossover design, 60 male OSA patients attended two one-night visits to the sleep laboratory, at least a week apart. Either a 40-mg controlled-release oral morphine dose or placebo was administered. Breathing during sleep was measured by standard in-laboratory PSG. We analysed the inter-breath interval (IBI) from the PSG flow channel to quantify breathing irregularity. Cardiopulmonary coupling (CPC) was analysed using the PSG electrocardiogram (ECG) channel. Following the consumption of morphine, the 60 OSA patients had fewer breaths (p =.0006), a longer inter-breath interval (p <.0001) and more irregular breathing with increased IBI coefficient of variation (CV) (p =.0015) compared to the placebo night. A higher CPC sleep quality index was found with morphine use. The change of key IBI and CPC parameters was significantly correlated with the change of key PSG sleep-disordered breathing parameters. In conclusion, 40 mg controlled-release morphine resulted in a longer breathing cycle and increased breathing irregularity but generally more stable sleep in OSA patients. The significant links between the IBI and CPC techniques and a range of PSG sleep-disordered breathing parameters may suggest a practical value as surrogate overnight cardiorespiratory measurements, because both respiratory flow and ECG can be detected by small portable devices.
An electroencephalographic signature predicts antidepressant response in major depression$$$ Antidepressants are widely prescribed, but their efficacy relative to placebo is modest, in part because the clinical diagnosis of major depression encompasses biologically heterogeneous conditions. Here, we sought to identify a neurobiological signature of response to antidepressant treatment as compared to placebo. We designed a latent-space machine-learning algorithm tailored for resting-state electroencephalography (EEG) and applied it to data from the largest imaging-coupled, placebo-controlled antidepressant study (n = 309). Symptom improvement was robustly predicted in a manner both specific for the antidepressant sertraline (versus placebo) and generalizable across different study sites and EEG equipment. This sertraline-predictive EEG signature generalized to two depression samples, wherein it reflected general antidepressant medication responsivity and related differentially to a repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment outcome. Furthermore, we found that the sertraline resting-state EEG signature indexed prefrontal neural responsivity, as measured by concurrent transcranial magnetic stimulation and EEG. Our findings advance the neurobiological understanding of antidepressant treatment through an EEG-tailored computational model and provide a clinical avenue for personalized treatment of depression.
Happy faces selectively increase the excitability of cortical neurons innervating frowning muscles of the mouth$$$ Although facial muscles are heavily involved in emotional expressions, there is still a lack of evidence about the role of face primary motor cortex (face M1) in the processing of facial recognition and expression. This work investigated the effects of the passive viewing of different facial expressions on face M1 and compared data with those obtained from the hand M1. Thirty healthy subjects were randomly assigned to two groups undergoing transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of face or hand M1. In both groups, short-latency intracortical inhibition (SICI) and intracortical facilitation (ICF) were probed in the depressor anguli oris (DAO) and first dorsal interosseous (FDI) muscles 300 ms after presentation of a picture of a face that expressed happy, sad or neutral emotions. Statistical analysis of SICI showed a non-significant effect of muscle (F1,28 = 1.903, p = 0.179), but a significant effect of emotion (F2,56 = 6.860, p = 0.004) and a significant interaction between muscle and emotion (F2,56 = 5.072, p = 0.015). Post hoc analysis showed that there was a significant reduction of SICI in the DAO muscle after presentation of a face with a happy expression compared with a neutral face (p < 0.001). In the FDI, a significant difference was observed between neutral and sad expressions (p = 0.010) No clear differences in ICF were detected. The different responses of face and hand muscles to emotional stimuli may be due to their functional roles in emotional expression versus protection of the body.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Pain, Headache, and Comorbid Depression: INS-NANS Expert Consensus Panel Review and Recommendation$$$ Background: While transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been studied for the treatment of psychiatric disorders, emerging evidence supports its use for pain and headache by stimulating either motor cortex (M1) or dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). However, its clinical implementation is hindered due to a lack of consensus in the quality of clinical evidence and treatment recommendation/guideline(s). Thus, working collaboratively, this multinational multidisciplinary expert panel aims to: 1) assess and rate the existing outcome evidence of TMS in various pain/headache conditions; 2) provide TMS treatment recommendation/guidelines for the evaluated conditions and comorbid depression; and 3) assess the cost-effectiveness and technical issues relevant to the long-term clinical implementation of TMS for pain and headache. Methods: Seven task groups were formed under the guidance of a 5-member steering committee with four task groups assessing the utilization of TMS in the treatment of Neuropathic Pain (NP), Acute Pain, Primary Headache Disorders, and Posttraumatic Brain Injury related Headaches (PTBI-HA), and remaining three assessing the treatment for both pain and comorbid depression, and the cost-effectiveness and technological issues relevant to the treatment. Results: The panel rated the overall level of evidence and recommendability for clinical implementation of TMS as: 1) high and extremely/strongly for both NP and PTBI-HA respectively; 2) moderate for postoperative pain and migraine prevention, and recommendable for migraine prevention. While the use of TMS for treating both pain and depression in one setting is clinically and financially sound, more studies are required to fully assess the long-term benefit of the treatment for the two highly comorbid conditions, especially with neuronavigation. Conclusions: After extensive literature review, the panel provided recommendations and treatment guidelines for TMS in managing neuropathic pain and headaches. In addition, the panel also recommended more outcome and cost-effectiveness studies to assess the feasibility of the long-term clinical implementation of the treatment.
Antidepressant and neurocognitive effects of serial ketamine administration versus ECT in depressed patients$$$ Background: While electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered the gold standard for acute treatment of patients with otherwise treatment-resistant depression, ketamine has recently emerged as a fast-acting treatment alternative for these patients. Efficacy and onset of action are currently among the main factors that influence clinical decision making, however, the effect of these treatments on cognitive functions should also be a crucial point, given that cognitive impairment in depression is strongly related to disease burden and functional recovery. ECT is known to induce transient cognitive impairment, while little is known about ketamine's impact on cognition. This study therefore aims to compare ECT and serial ketamine administration not only with regard to their antidepressant efficacy but also to acute neurocognitive effects. Methods: Fifty patients suffering from depression were treated with either serial ketamine infusions or ECT. Depression severity and cognitive functions were assessed before, during, and after treatment. Results: ECT and ketamine administration were equally effective, however, the antidepressant effects of ketamine occurred faster. Ketamine improved neurocognitive functioning, especially attention and executive functions, whereas ECT was related to a small overall decrease in cognitive performance. Conclusions: Due to its pro-cognitive effects and faster antidepressant effect, serial ketamine administration might be a more favorable short-term treatment option than ECT. Limitations: As this research employed a naturalistic study design, patients were not systematically randomized, there was no control group and patients received concurrent and partially changing medications during treatment. Clinical trials registration: Functional and Metabolic Changes in the Course of Antidepressive Treatment, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT02099630, NCT02099630.
Incisionless MR-guided focused ultrasound deep brain modulation: Technical considerations and current therapeutic approaches in psychiatric disorders$$$ Introduction: Noninvasive [transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial current stimulation, electroconvulsive therapy, gamma knife radiosurgery, MR-guided high intensity focused ultrasound] and invasive (deep brain stimulation, radiofrequency, surface/epidural brain stimulation, cervical vagus nerve stimulation] brain modulation procedures have exhibited a meaningful responsiveness in psychiatric disorders and are currently under clinical investigation. Stereotactic MR-guided high-intensity focused ultrasound (thermal lesioning) has been reported to be safe and effective for movement disorders, neuropathic pain and most recently neuropsychiatric disorders, while low-intensity focused ultrasound (non-lesioning thermal/mechanical) represents a non-lesioning approach to modulate deeper brain structures (Fig. 1). This narrative review introduces and discusses the therapeutic potential of incisionless stereotactic MR-guided high-intensity focused ultrasound of deep brain structures for the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Material/Methods: A literature review (PubMed, MEDLINE/OVID, SCOPUS and manual searches of the bibliographies of known primary and review articles) was performed using the following search terms: MR-guided stereotactic ultrasound (high-intensity/low-intensity), psychiatric disorders, brain stimulation, randomized controlled trials, safety/efficacy, and complications. Results: Currently, stereotactic MR-guided high-intensity focused ultrasound ablation is under clinical investigation for obsessive-compulsive disorders (OCDs) [NCT 01986296/ NCT 03156335; anterior cingular cortex, anterior limb of the capsula interna, subgenual cingulate cortex] and depression/anxiety disorders [NCT 02348411/ NCT 02685488; anterior cingulate cortex] and has demonstrated a meaningful improvement in OCD and depression in preliminary reports (Fig. 2). Contrary, low-intensity ultrasound applications are at an early stage and have been mainly explored in healthy subjects. Discussion: Therapeutic use of intracranial ultrasound has been under investigation for some decades, but its accessibility has been limited by the necessity of craniotomy and the lack of neuroimaging monitoring (thermal mapping) modalities to control the ablated tissue volume (basal ganglia/thalamic nuclei) through the intact skull (incisonless) by using a frame-based (stereotactic) MR-thermal mapping approach. Brain lesioning utilizing stereotactic MR-guided high-intensity ultrasound represents an emerging minimally invasive treatment strategy in neuropsychiatric disorders that may become complementary to established invasive and non-invasive brain stimulation procedures with comparable effectiveness. However, comparative, sham-controlled trials are recommended to re-examine the preliminary findings. Fig. 1 [Figure presented] Fig. 2 [Figure presented]
Neurotherapy for depression in adolescents – A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled tDCS clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Depression is a mood disorder standing as the main cause of impairments worldwide. In pediatric populations, it presents a median prevalence of around 4%. Traditional treatments, as pharmacological or psychosocial, are limited by restricted adherence and response rates. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation has been successfully trialed in adults and is so far deemed to be effective in reducing depressive symptoms. Nonetheless, for adolescents suffering with depression, so far no randomized-controlled clinical trial is available in the literature. Objectives: The aim of the trial is to investigate the therapeutical effects of tDCS in adolescents diagnosed with depression. Furthermore, to overcome pitfalls of traditional, long and costly interventions. Lastly, we aim to contribute to stablish promising and reliable biologically-based tools as an alternative or adjunct treatment to depression in youth. Patients and Methods: Sample size calculations based on previous meta-analysis indicated the necessity of N = 40 (including 10% estimated attrition rate), randomly assigned to experimental or control group (real X sham tDCS). Patients will receive either 2 mA of real or sham anodal tDCS for 20 min on 10 consecutive sessions. Based on finite-element model simulations using adolescents” structural MRI, the target area (left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex) will be stimulated with a pair of electrodes bilaterally over the left and right prefrontal areas. During the tDCS sessions, participants will be engaged in a Cognitive/Emotional Training Task. Pre and post-tDCS measures include self and parental psychological ratings, eye/tracking, attentional bias and affect labeling tasks, emotional cognitive tasks, and resting/state and event/related EEG. The primary outcome was defined as the clinical response to the Children‘s Depression Rating Scale - Revised (CDRS-R). Results: The main hypotheses include significant reduction in depression symptoms, differences in quality of life indicators, significant changes in attentional bias and emotion perception. Available preliminary results will be presented at the conference.
Toward personalized rTMS treatments in Alzheimer's disease: A novel MRI-tailored network-based approach$$$ Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is a neurodegenerative disorder that induces severe disruption of large-scale brain networks connectivity. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), as an effective tool to modulate connectivity, may represent a potential treatment for AD by boosting connectivity of the impaired systems. Considering the highly inter-individual variability in the anatomical localization of networks’ hubs together with the functional alterations associated with the progressive nature of AD, individually targeting the stimulation site may represent the turning point into the effectiveness of rTMS intervention. This approach has been reported to significantly increase the efficacy of rTMS treatments in depression but has never been adopted in AD interventions, which have been relying solely on average coordinates. AD pathophysiology has been mainly associated with a breakdown of the Default Mode Network (DMN), which plays a crucial role in episodic memory retrieval, and of Central Executive Network (CEN), supporting executive functions. We present an ongoing study with an innovative tailored network-based rTMS treatment, which aims at ameliorating cognitive symptoms in AD. This novel protocol consists in targeting DMN and CEN hubs identified from the individual MRI scans. We hypothesize that the rTMS treatment will enhance connectivity of the stimulated network, producing an improvement that reflects the specific cognitive functions supported by the stimulated network: more pronounced episodic memory improvement after DMN stimulation, enhanced executive functions after CEN stimulation. After recruitment, patients are randomly assigned to one of three rTMS treatments: DMN, CEN or placebo. A high frequency rTMS protocol (20 Hz at 100% of the resting motor threshold) is applied during an intensive phase (3 weeks, 5 days per week) followed by a maintenance phase (bimonthly sessions for 5 months). DMN is stimulated targeting the left inferior parietal lobe, whereas CEN by stimulating left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Target coordinates are extracted from resting-state fMRI individual data. At baseline (t0), at the end of the intensive phase (t1) and of the maintenance phase (t2) patients are administered with ADAS-Cog scale and with Paired Associative Learning and Spatial Working Memory subtest of CANTAB battery. In addition, neural mechanisms underlying the clinical response are evaluated with an integrated multi-modal imaging approach: MRI acquisitions and TMS-EEG co-registrations are conducted at t0, t1 and t2. Preliminary data (N = 6) supports the feasibility of this innovative study and allow to outline the key points to consider when planning personalized network-based rTMS treatment for AD patients, paving the way toward the development of effective interventions able to slow down the progression of the disease.
Baseline structural brain characteristics are correlated with clinical response to accelerated iTBS in depression patients$$$ Introduction: The clinical response of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) remains rather modest, even when extensive accelerated protocols are being used. It would be highly beneficial if the clinical response could be predicted prospectively. Previous work (Boes et al., 2018) has shown significant correlations between cortical thickness and response to rTMS treatment protocols. This link has not yet been investigated when using accelerated stimulation protocols. Objectives: In this project, we investigated whether baseline structural characteristics of the cingulate cortex, a deep brain structure that has been shown to be highly involved in the relief of depression symptoms, can predict the clinical response to accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS). Patients & Methods: Fifty right-handed major depressive disorder (MDD) patients were included a randomized, sham-controlled, double blinded, cross-over trial (Fig. 1a). Patients were randomized to receive first sham aiTBS followed by active aiTBS (arm A in Fig. 1a) or the other way around (arm B in Fig. 1a). Anatomical MRI was recorded at baseline. Clinical well-being was assessed at baseline, after both stimulation weeks, and additionally after two weeks during follow-up by means of the HDRS questionnaire. Freesurfer 6.0 (http://surfer.nmr.mgh.harvard.edu) was used to perform cortical reconstruction and volumetric segmentation (Fischl and Dale, 2000). According to the Desikan-Killiany atlas (Desikan et al., 2006), the cingulate cortex was divided in a rostral, caudal, posterior, and isthmus area bilaterally (Fig. 1b). General linear models were fit to compute the link between baseline cortical thickness or volumes and changes in clinical well-being (direct effects measured at T2 and delayed effects measured at T4). Baseline HDRS, gender, age, and order (in case of delayed effects) were used as confounders. Results: Significant correlations were found between the delayed clinical effects and the cortical thickness in the right posterior part of the cingulate cortex (p = 0.016). The direct clinical effects were significantly correlated with the cortical thickness in the right caudal part of the cingulate cortex (p = 0.010) and with the volume of the right isthmus (p = 0.043). No significant correlations were found after sham stimulation. None of the findings survived Bonferroni correction for multiple comparisons. Conclusion: These first promising findings need to be replicated in larger data samples to be able to draw firm conclusions. In the future, we will additionally investigate the potential of the cortical thickness and volume of the gray matter at the stimulation site and the subgenual cingulate cortex to predict clinical response to aiTBS.
Effects of iTBS at personalized left DLPFC sites on default mode network in healthy subjects$$$ Introduction: The default mode network (DMN) has been shown to be involved in the pathophysiology and clinical improvement of depression. Our previous work shows that a single full session of 10 Hz rTMS (HF-rTMS) in healthy subjects reduces the functional connectivity (FC) of the DMN and the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), which may be predicted by harm avoidance (HA) score. A recent study established the clinical non-inferiority of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS, a shorter length protocol) for depression treatment compared to HF-rTMS. However, there is very limited understanding of the basic mechanism of action of a single session of iTBS on the DMN. Objective: We aimed to investigate the effects of a single full session of iTBS (1800 pulses) on DMN in healthy controls by using a personalized iTBS site selection based on each subject”s resting state networks. Methods: 26 healthy subjects participated in a double-blind, crossover, sham-controlled stimulation study (Fig. 1). After three pulse burst of 50 Hz delivered at 5 Hz for 2 s followed by 8 s break, for a total of 600 s to individually selected left-DLPFC sites, we investigated the time lapse effects in the DMN and their relationship to HA of Temperament and Character Inventory (TCI). We acquired rsfMRI data with parameters as described in Fig. 1. Using SPM12 we preprocessed the individual rsfMRI data using standard steps and performed group independent component analysis to identify the independent component (IC) that represented the DMN. This IC was then back reconstructed in individual subjects’ normalized rsfMRI data, r-to-z transformed and compared across the groups (Real vs. Sham [R0, R1, R2, R3]) using factorial design ANOVA. We used MarsBar to extract beta weights of FC of rostral ACC (rACC, coordinates from an independent meta-analysis) to run Pearson’s correlation tests with the HA score. Results: After real-sham iTBS, we observe a reduced FC between the DMN and the dorsal ACC (dACC) and rACC, 27–31 min after stimulation (Fig. 2A). The FC of dACC strongly decreases 45–50 min after stimulation, as did the FC of right anterior insula (AI) with DMN (Fig. 2B). We also report a positive correlation between the FC decrease in the rACC and the HA domain of TCI. This indicates that the higher the subjects scored on this scale, the more the FC reduces between rACC and DMN after stimulation. Conclusions: Our pioneering approach in healthy subjects shows that iTBS at personalized left-DLPFC sites reduces the FC between DMN and nodes of salience network (SN), namely dACC and right AI. Past research has shown that patients with depression have abnormally high FC between the DMN and SN. Hence, our findings further support the credibility of iTBS as viable antidepressant treatment option, although initially involving different regions than those driven by HF-rTMS. We also find that HA scores can potentially predict iTBS response.
Multimodal imaging in ELECT-TDCS: Associations of cortical structure and functional connectivity with depression outcomes after tDCS treatment$$$ Introduction: There are several possible targets to explain the heterogeneity in response rates among depressed patients. A large amount of research is dedicated towards multimodal neuroimaging, offering promising findings from volumetric and resting-state functional connectivity (FC) investigations of regions involved in the pathogenesis of depression, such as the prefrontal (PFC) and anterior cingulate cortices (ACC). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a novel, exploratory treatment for depression, targets these circuits, yet their influence on response remains unknown. Here, we investigate volumes and FC of these regions and their association with tDCS response based on a subsample of the so far largest, placebo-controlled trial comparing tDCS and pharmacotherapy for depression (ELECT-TDCS, Brunoni et al., 2017). Patients & Methods: In ELECT-TDCS, depressed patients were treated over 10 weeks in 3 arms; TDCS: prefrontal tDCS, 2 mA, 30 min, 22 sessions; ESC: escitalopram 20 mg/day; PLA: oral placebo and sham tDCS. MRI acquisition was performed at baseline and resulted in 52 structural (TDCS/ESC/PLA 15/16/21) and 50 functional (14/16/20) quality-checked data sets. Following a region-of-interest based approach, we calculated grey matter volumes of the à-priori regions (PFC and ACC) using FSL, AFNI, and in-house scripts and determined their associations with the antidepressant response to tDCS. Subsequently we calculated also the FC from these significant regions to assess the influence of FC on tDCS outcomes. Results: Following the à-priori hypothesis, baseline grey matter volume of the left dorsal PFC was associated with the antidepressant response to tDCS (compared to sham; Cohen’s d = 0.3 [0.01; 0.6]; p = 0.04). Exploratory analysis revealed that subregions targeted by highest electric field intensities showed the strongest association with tDCS response. FC in these regions showed no association with tDCS response. Conclusion: While structural characteristics showed a robust and feasible association of PFC baseline grey matter volumes with tDCS outcomes, this was not observed for FC. This is the first study using multimodal imaging to investigate effects of brain structure and FC on prefrontal tDCS outcomes in a comparably large sample of patients with major depression, hence allowing comparison with predictors identified from other noninvasive brain stimulation modalities (see Fig. 1).
Multimodality approach evaluating cortical networks in Task Specific Dystonia$$$ Background: Humans have a distinguishing ability for fine motor control which is sub-served by a highly evolved corticomotoneuronal network. The acquisition of a particular motor skill involves a long series of practice movements, trial and error, adjustment and refinement. At the cortical level, this acquisition begins in the parieto-temporal sensory regions and is subsequently consolidated and stratified in the premotor-motor cortex. Task-specific dystonia (TSD) can be viewed as a corruption or loss of motor control confined to a single motor skill. Questions: Using a multimodal experimental approach combining neuroimaging and non-invasive brain stimulation, we explored interactions between the principal nodes of the fine motor control network in TSD patients and healthy matched controls. Methods: Nine patients with TSD and 13 age- and sex-matched healthy volunteers (HV) underwent clinical assessment, high resolution structural MRI for tractography, and functional MRI (fMRI) during finger tapping task. The anatomical images co-registered with the fMRI scans during task were used for target selection and neuro-navigation of the transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). TMS evaluation included measurement of the input-output recruitment curve (IOC), cortical silent period (CSP), and amplitude of the motor evoked potentials (MEP) conditioned by cortico-cortical interactions between premotor ventral (PMv)-M1, anterior inferior parietal lobe (aIPL)-M1 and dorsal inferior parietal lobe (dIPL)-M1 at baseline and repeat assessment after inhibitory continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) block applied to the dIPL node using a randomized sham-controlled design. Results: Baseline dIPL-M1 and aIPL-M1 cortico-cortical interactions were facilitatory and inhibitory, respectively, in HV, whereas the interactions were noted to be converse and significantly different in TSD. Baseline PMv-M1 interactions were inhibitory and similar between the groups. Increased dIPL-PMv resting state functional connectivity was observed in patients compared to controls, but no differences in structural connectivity between the nodes were observed. CSP was significantly prolonged in TSD cohort. After making a long-term depression-like (LTD-like) plastic change to dIPL node, baseline aIPL-M1 interactions became significantly inhibitory (similar to HV) and there was loss of baseline PMv-M1 inhibition, only for the TSD group. Conclusions: These findings suggest that the parietal multimodal sensory association region could have an aberrant downstream influence on the fine motor control network and altering its activity can have implications on restoring these aberrancies.
Default mode network alterations after 10 Hz rTMS in healthy subjects$$$ Introduction: We still lack knowledge of the fundamental mechanisms of a single session of high frequency rTMS (HF-rTMS), which is an FDA-approved rTMS protocol for treatment of depression. Default mode network (DMN) and subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) are important for pathophysiology and treatment response of depression. Thus, it is paramount to understand the initial effects of HF-rTMS on DMN for developing more efficient rTMS treatment protocols. Objective: We aimed to investigate the effects of a single session of HF-rTMS (3000 pulses) over the DMN and its relationship to personality and affect measures in healthy subjects. We used a personalized rTMS site selection to account for inter-individual variability in functional and structural architecture of DLPFC. Methods: 23 healthy volunteers participated in a double-blind, crossover, sham-controlled stimulation study (Fig. 1). After HF-rTMS to individually selected left-DLPFC sites, we investigated DMN effects’ time lapse and its relationship to behavioral measures (Positive and Negative Affect Schedule/PANAS and Temperament and Character Inventory/TCI). We delivered 75 trains of 10 Hz rTMS for 4 s with 26 s pauses. We acquired rsfMRI data with parameters as described in Fig. 1. Using SPM12 we preprocessed the individual rsfMRI data using standard steps and performed group independent component analysis to identify the independent component (IC) that represented the DMN. This IC was then back reconstructed in individual subjects’ normalized rsfMRI data, r-to-z transformed and compared across the groups (Real vs. Sham [R0, R1, R2, R3]) using factorial design ANOVA. We used MarsBar to extract beta weights of functional connectivity (FC) of sgACC and right nucleus accumbens (NAcc) to run Pearson’s correlation tests with the harm avoidance (HA) score of TCI and changes in PANAS, respectively. Results: Only after real stimulation, we observe a reduced functional connectivity between the DMN and the sgACC, as well as the ventral striatum (vStr) during the R2 rsfMRI (27–31 min after stimulation) (Fig. 2). The FC strength of right NAcc with the DMN post-stimulation is proportional to attenuation of self-reported negative mood on PANAS. Moreover, we report a negative correlation between the functional connectivity decrease in the right sgACC and the HA. Conclusions: Our pioneering approach in healthy subjects shows how HF-rTMS at personalized left-DLPFC sites influences interaction between DMN and sgACC, as well as vStr. Our study shows the possibility of targeting the functional connectivity of deeper regions that are relevant for pathophysiology and treatment response of depression, by stimulating at personalized cortical targets. We find that HA predicts the degree of DMN alterations and negative mood perception is attenuated by stimulation. These findings provide further insights into the mechanisms by which rTMS might influence behavior.
Clinical effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation on the amount of daily activity and sleep in Parkinson's disease patients$$$ Aims: Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) is mostly applied to affective disorders and recently been increasingly developed as potential adjunct therapeutic option for improving motor function in neurodegenerative disorders. However, the detailed mechanism of action and the effectiveness is still controversial. The aim of the study was to investigate the effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the actual activity of daily living (ADL) and sleep in Parkinson’s disease (PD) measured with individual smart-band recordings. Methods: All participants assigned to active stimulation without sham group. PD patients without medication change during the recent 3 months and mild to moderate depression having score between 7 and 34 on the Montgomery-Asberg depression rating scale (MADRS) were recruited. They were evaluated during the “on” phase of their medication. tDCS was applied total 10 times with 2 mA current over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The primary outcome was assessed by the number of total daily steps and the amount of sleep time on the smart-band recording checked for 7 days before and after tDCS. Results: Total 20 PD patients were completed the study. We found that the total step counts were significantly increased after stimuli (p = 0.012). The total activity time, sleep time, deep sleep time and waking time during sleep were improved without statistical significance. Clinical scores of UPDRS part III score and patient global impression score were significantly improved (p < 0.01). Depression scale assessed with MADRS and PHQ-9 were improved. Clinical improvement last for one month after stimulation finished. Conclusions: Short-term active tDCS on left DLPFC was well-tolerated and resulted in improvements in activity of the subjects with PD, indicating a possible adjunctive therapeutic option for motor symptoms and improve the activity of daily living function in real world situations. Further investigation involving large group with randomized double-blind design is recommended to exploring tDCS effects as an adjuvant therapy for motor symptoms and activity in PD.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) with 2 mA and 4 mA for the treatment of a multiple sclerosis symptom cluster – A pilot study$$$ Introduction: People with Multiple Sclerosis (PwMS) are at an over five-fold increased risk of receiving treatment for neuropathic pain. However, the management of neuropathic pain is currently a challenging task, with only 40–60% of patients experiencing a favorable outcome from pharmacological intervention. In addition, up to 92% of PwMS are affected by fatigue, which strongly decreases quality of life (QOL). Depression is also frequent in PwMS, with an estimated prevalence of 24%. Depressed PwMS are more likely to have pain, and depression severity is positively associated with pain severity and the interference of pain symptoms with activities of daily living. Conceptually, the study of a symptom cluster (pain, fatigue, depression) recognizes that multiple symptoms often occur concurrently and that co-occurring symptoms likely provide a more efficient target for assessment and management than a single symptom in isolation. The question at hand is – What is the optimal treatment of this MS symptom cluster? One potential treatment modality is transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Objective: To investigate the effects of motor cortex (M1) tDCS at intensities of 2 mA and 4 mA on the neuropathic pain, fatigue, and depression symptom cluster in PwMS. Methods: A double blind, sham controlled and randomized crossover pilot study was conducted. Three moderately disabled PwMS (relapsing-remitting MS; 1 male; age 54.3 ± 10.0 yrs.) completed three randomly ordered blocks of stimulation (2 mA, 4 mA, or sham). Each block involved five consecutive daily sessions of tDCS or sham, with at least one week between blocks. At day 1 and day 5 of a given block, participants completed the Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS), visual analog scale for pain (VAS), and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) questionnaires. The fatigability of the knee extensors of both legs was also assessed via isokinetic fatigue testing (40 maximal reps, 120°/s). A tDCS device (Soterix Medical Inc., New York, NY) delivered a small direct current through two surface sponge electrodes. The anode was placed over the M1 representation of the more-affected leg and the cathode was placed over the contralateral supraorbit. Results: Table 1. Conclusion: These preliminary data showed that both intensities improved isokinetic fatigue indices, perceived fatigue, and pain scales. However, the variance of these variables is relatively large, which indicates the need for studies with a larger sample size to better describe the dose-response of the intensities. This pilot study underscores tDCS as a promising tool for the treatment of the MS symptom cluster of pain, fatigue, and depression. More studies are needed to test the efficacy of tDCS in larger samples, on more disabled (and more depressed) PwMS, with different stimulation parameters, the possible short- and long-term side effects, and to provide deeper insight into mechanisms underpinning tDCS related changes.
Novel non-invasive brain stimulation protocol to rapidly ensure the safety of inpatients with depression & suicidality$$$ Background: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is an FDA-approved treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Typical courses involve daily stimulation sessions for six weeks with response and remission rates of 49% and 32% respectively. The long treatment duration means an iTBS course cannot be delivered during an acute psychiatric hospitalization which have an average duration of 10 days. Previous studies suggest that the efficacy of iTBS could be improved by accelerated, spaced delivery and higher overall pulse-doses. Objectives: Investigate the feasibility and preliminary antidepressant efficacy of an accelerated iTBS (aiTBS) protocol for individuals hospitalized for depression and suicidality. Methods: Fourteen individuals currently hospitalized for depressed mood or suicidal ideation (average 4.75 adequate antidepressant medication trials, 3 participants had trailed ECT) received open label aiTBS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Ten daily iTBS sessions (1800 pulses per session) were delivered at 80% resting motor threshold (depth-corrected) with a 50-minute inter-session interval for a maximum of 5 days, totaling 50 iTBS sessions and 90,000 pulses. Responders were followed for 6 months (24 weeks) to determine the duration of response. Results: 86% of participants met responder criteria (>50% reduction on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale; MADRS) and 71% were in full remission (<10 MADRS). On average, participants met responder criteria on the MADRS after 2.8 days and the average duration of response (with a maximum of 24 weeks) was 15 weeks. Discussion: aiTBS can rapidly and effectively induce anti-depressant responses in depressed and suicidal inpatients. The short duration of our aiTBS protocol allows a full treatment course to be delivered to during an acute psychiatric hospitalization. The response and remission rates from these preliminary data are substantially higher than standard iTBS protocols suggesting accelerated protocols may be more effective. Larger, double-blind studies are needed to confirm the preliminary high response and remission rates in this initial study.
Efficacy of repetitive dual-site paired associative transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder$$$ Introduction: Prior studies have suggested that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over frontal or parietal cortices may help treat generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Frontal and parietal cortices are known to be connected anatomically and functionally and are both involved in top-down emotion control as components of executive control network. Objectives: The aim of this study is to investigate the anxiolytic effect of a novel stimulation pattern, repetitive dual-site paired associative transcranial magnetic stimulation (rDS-PAS), over frontal and parietal cortices sequentially with different time intervals in patients with GAD. Patients & methods: Twenty-nine patients with GAD were enrolled and randomly divided into three groups. These three groups had same parameters, including stimulation frequency at 1 Hz, stimulation intensity at 90% of the resting motor threshold, and stimulation targets over right dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and right inferior parietal lobe (IPL), for consecutive treatment of ten days. In different groups, IPL stimulation followed DLPFC stimulation by 10 ms (Group 10, n = 9), 20 ms (Group 20, n = 8) and 50 ms (Group 50, n = 12). The Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HRSA), Hamilton Depression Scale and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index were utilized to evaluate the therapeutic effect of rDS-PAS before the treatment, at the end of treatment, two weeks and one month after the treatment, respectively. Results: In Group 50 and Group 20, the HRSA score decreased significantly at post-treatment, two weeks follow-up, and one month follow-up, when compared to the baseline. In group comparison, Group 50 showed significantly better improvement of HRSA than Group 10 over time (p = 0.0093). Conclusions: The study suggested that 1 Hz rDS-PAS over right DLPFC and IPL in treatment of GAD can improve symptoms. The interval of 50 ms had the best therapeutic effect, while the interval of 10 ms had the least therapeutic effect. Figs. 1 and 2
The effect of a single session of high frequency rTMS on heart rate variability$$$ an investigation of the role of RDLPFC in emotional appraisal and regulation; Objective: The main purpose of the current study was to investigate the effect of one HF-rTMS session over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (RDLPFC) on autonomic nervous system (ANS) activity and subjective emotional appraisals of visual stimuli with social and non-social positive and negative emotional content. Materials and method: Participants: 19 healthy, right-handed females (Mean age = 25.52 years, SD = 3.89) were recruited and randomly allocated to two groups of real (n = 10), and sham (n = 9) HF-rTMS. Stimuli: Before and after the stimulation all the participants viewed 144 images in 4 categories of non-social negative (NSN), non-social positive (NSP), social negative (SN), and social positive (SP). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: Subjects received 60 10 Hz trains with a duration of 5 s, and inter-train interval of 10 s for 15 min (3000 pulses/session). The coil was positioned perpendicular to the skull in the sham group. Paradigm: A single blind design was used. Electrocardiogram (ECG) was recorded for each experimental condition separately and the high frequency (HF) component of HRV as a measure of parasympathetic nervous system (PNS) activity was extracted. Participants viewed the images in two conditions, namely natural viewing (NAT) and cognitive reappraisal (REAPP). Results: There was a significant decrease in HF-HRV after stimulation only in the active group in the NAT condition while viewing NSN and SN and the REAPP condition while viewing NSN and SP. Regarding subjective reports of valence, the effect of stimulation was a blunting in all the categories, namely NSN, NSP, SN, and SP resulting in negative images being rated as less negative and positive images as less positive. Conclusion: A single session of HF-rTMS can modulate ANS activity while viewing images with emotional content. The overall increase in sympathetic nervous system activity after high frequency stimulation of RDLPFC seems relevant to the therapeutic protocols for anxiety and depression in which high frequency and low frequency rTMS is typically applied to the left and right DLPFC, respectively. A role of anterior cingulate cortex is implied by the results of the current study since dorsal ACC is associated with more SNS activity and more activation in ACC have been observed in other studies after slow rTMS over RDLPFC. A clear effect of stimulation on valence ratings was observed in this study but only in the NAT condition. Considering the similar trend in the changes in subjective ratings in the NAT condition (comparing post versus pre stimulation) and between NAT and REAPP conditions (comparing pre NAT versus pre REAPP), and a more pronounced blunting in REAPP, a ceiling effect can be assumed in the REAPP condition in which stimulation did not result in any significant changes in subjective ratings of valence.
Transcranial direct current stimulation over the supplementary motor area in Tourette syndrome: Preliminary findings of a randomized controlled trial$$$ Question: Following sparse anecdotal evidence, a recent randomized, sham-controlled trial of a single session of 1mA cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the supplementary motor area (SMA) has shown acute improvement of tics without associated changes of M1 excitability. Systematic evidence of the clinical efficacy of tDCS coupled to active suppression of tics by means of competing motor responses in the treatment of tics is, however, missing so far. Methods: We are conducting a double-blind, randomized sham-controlled trial comparing efficacy and safety of 5 consecutive daily sessions of 1mA tDCS over the SMA in patients with Tourette syndrome (TS), stable medical/behavioural therapy, and age ⩾16 years. During each 40” session, 1 mA direct current is delivered by a constant-current stimulator while the patient engages in competing response strategies based on habit reversal training. The cathodal electrode is placed 1.8 cm anterior to the location of Cz, as per 10–20 electrode system. Each session consists of two 20”-long periods, during which the cathode position is alternated 0.5 cm right or left of the median sagittal plane, and the anode is placed over the contralateral mastoid. Primary endpoints are the change of the tic severity total subscore on the Yale Global Tic Severity Scale (YGTSS-TTS) between baseline and: visit 5 (right after the 5th session); visit 6 (7 days after visit 5). Resting state fMRI at baseline and visit 5 is performed in a subgroup of participants. Results: Our minimal sample size to detect a change of 9 points of the YGTSS-TTS at a 0.05 α level and a 0.2 β level is 24. We present here interim findings from the first 11 participants (5 active, 6 sham; 7 males, 4 females; median age 28, range 17–61 years; history of ADHD in 4, OCD in 3, depressive disorder in 3). Improvement of the YGTSS-TTS between visit 5 and baseline was statistically significant in both arms, but greater in patients in the active arm (10.4; p = 0.001) than in those in the sham arm (6.2; p = 0.047). Mean YGTSS-TTS difference between visit 6 and baseline was statistically significant in patients in the active arm (11.6; p=0.02), but not in those in the sham arm (6.2; p = 0.07). For the current sample size, the standardized mean difference was 0.89 (95% CI -0.36-2.13) at the visit 5 time point, and 0.79 (95% CI -0.44-2.10) at the visit 6 time point. The treatment was well tolerated by all participants, with one patient in each treatment arm reporting mild, transient headache. Conclusions: These preliminary results indicate excellent tolerability of tDCS over the SMA in patients with TS. We detected greater mean improvement of tic severity in patients receiving active tDCS compared to patients receiving sham tDCS; this difference was sustained 1 week after the last stimulation session. The mean change in the tic severity score observed in the sham arm suggests a relatively strong placebo response to tDCS in this patient population.
Treatment refractoriness in rTMS and TBS trials: Findings from a large meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is an effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) (Mutz et al., 2019). However, there is a considerable degree of heterogeneity in randomized clinical trials, for instance pertaining to patient characteristics such as age and treatment refractoriness. Higher levels of refractoriness have been shown to predict lower antidepressant efficacy of rTMS (e.g. Lisanby et al., 2011). Objectives: We examined the degree of treatment refractoriness of patients participating in rTMS and theta burst stimulation (TBS) trials. Additionally, we hypothesized that rTMS trials that included patients who had previously failed fewer treatment attempts find stronger treatment effects. Materials & methods: We used data from 39 randomized sham-controlled trials included in a recent meta-analysis of the antidepressant efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation in depression (Mutz et al., 2018). We examined each study’s definition of treatment refractoriness and, if possible, extracted the mean number of failed treatment attempts per trial. The impact of the trials mean treatment refractoriness on the study effect size was further analysed using meta-regression. Results: 39 trials (N = 1862 patients) reported the level of treatment refractoriness as trial inclusion criterion but only 13 trials (33%) reported the mean number of failed antidepressants in the current episode. Most studies (49 %; n = 719 patients) used [Formula presented] failed medication trials as criterion and only two trials (n = 41 patients) included only non-treatment refractory patients. Patients had taken on average 4.4 antidepressant medications in the current episode. We did not find evidence that the mean number of antidepressants (p = 0.6) or the inclusion criterion of the studies (p = 0.7) was significantly associated with the log-odds of response in a meta-regression. Conclusion: We investigated the different criteria used to define treatment refractoriness and its mean in several rTMS trials and whether these are associated with treatment efficacy. We did not find any evidence supporting this hypothesis. However, few studies were conducted in low treatment refractory or medication-naïve patients. In light of the benign tolerability profile of rTMS and evidence for the antidepressant efficacy in high treatment refractory patients, future trials should investigate the efficacy of rTMS in non-treatment refractory depression (Kiebs et al., 2019).
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults: systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Non-surgical brain stimulation techniques have been applied as tertiary treatments in major depression (Mutz et al., 2018). However, the relative efficacy and acceptability of individual treatment protocols is uncertain. Objectives: To estimate the comparative clinical efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults. Materials & methods: We conducted a systematic review with pairwise and network meta-analysis. Embase, PubMed/MEDLINE and PsycINFO were searched, supplemented by manual searches of bibliographies of recent reviews and included trials. We included clinical trials with random allocation to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), accelerated TMS, priming TMS, deep TMS, theta burst stimulation (TBS), synchronised TMS, magnetic seizure therapy (MST), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) or sham. Primary outcomes were response (efficacy) and all-cause discontinuation (acceptability). We computed odds ratios (OR) with 95% confidence intervals (CI). Remission and continuous post-treatment depression severity scores were also examined. Results: 113 trials (262 treatment arms) randomising 6,750 patients (mean age = 47.9 years; 59% female) with major depressive disorder or bipolar depression met our inclusion criteria. High-frequency Left rTMS and tDCS vs sham were the most studied treatment comparisons, while recent treatment protocols remain understudied. The quality of the evidence was of low (34%), unclear (50%) and high (17%) risk of bias and the precision of treatment effect estimates varied considerably. In terms of efficacy, 10 out of 18 treatment protocols were associated with higher response relative to sham in network meta-analysis: Bitemporal ECT (summary OR = 8.91, 95% CI 2.57–30.91), High-dose Right Unilateral ECT (7.27, 1.90–27.78), priming TMS (6.02, 2.21–16.38), MST (5.55, 1.06–28.99), Bilateral rTMS (4.92, 2.93–8.25), bilateral TBS (4.44, 1.47–13.41), Low-frequency Right rTMS (3.65, 2.13–6.24), intermittent TBS (3.20, 1.45–7.08), High-frequency Left rTMS (3.17, 2.29–4.37) and tDCS (2.65, 1.55–4.55). Network meta-analytic estimates of active interventions contrasted with another active treatment indicated that Bitemporal ECT and High-Dose Right Unilateral ECT were associated with increased response. All treatment protocols were at least as acceptable as sham treatment. Conclusion: We found that there is evidence to consider non-surgical brain stimulation techniques as alternative or add-on treatments for adult patients with major depressive episodes (Mutz et al., 2019). Our findings also highlight important research priorities in the field of brain stimulation, for instance the need to conduct further well-designed RCTs comparing novel treatment modalities and sham-controlled trials investigating MST.
Effects of BDNF genotypes on the antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression : A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study$$$ Introduction: Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) genotypes had been reported to be correlated with the effectiveness of antidepressants in the Western population [1]. In this study, we investigated the antidepressant efficacy of different kinds of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) on treatment-resistant depression (TRD) patients with different BDNF gene expressions and refractoriness to find whether correlation exists between the treatment effects of TMS and BDNF genotypes. Here all patients used MRI navigation to the left dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). We aimed that the present study could provide objective and precise evaluation of TRD for psychiatrists. Methods: A total of 78 adult patients aging 21-70 years old, with a DSM-IV-TR diagnosis of major depressive disorder, HDRS-17 scores [Formula presented]18, CGI scores [Formula presented]4, and failing at least one normally adequate antidepressant treatment (% HDRS-17 change < 50%), were recruited and randomly assigned to the following three groups: Group A (27): A 2-s train of iTBS, with 3-pulse 50-Hz given every 200 ms (at 5 Hz) and an intensity of 80% active threshold (Huang et al., 2005), was repeated every 10s for a total of 570s (1800 pulses/session). Group B (25): A 4-s train of 10 Hz rTMS with 100% motor threshold was repeated every 30s for a total of 1200s (1600 pulse/session) (Li et al., 2010). Group C (26): Randomly assigned to iTBS or rTMS group but with a sham coil. Every patient received ten sessions of treatment. A 10-cc of blood would be drawn for testing BDNF genotypes. Statistical analysis of demographic and clinical data would be performed using SPSS 16.0 (SPSS Inc.). A part of the clinical results had been published [2]. Results: The main outcome measures of % HDRS-17 changes from baseline (Week 0) to the end of 2-week treatment (Week 2) differed significantly among the three groups (iTBS > rTMS > Sham; F-value = 7.213; p = 0.001). There were 16 responders in the follow-up phase, including 10 from the iTBS group and 6 from the rTMS group. Patients” receiving iTBS/rTMS treatment with Val/Val homozygosity of the BDNF gene had more changes in HDRS-17 scores than the other two genotypes (Val/Val:Val/Met+Met/Met = −60%:−34%, p = 0.034), and there was also a higher rate of responders in the subgroup of patients with Val/Val homozygosity receiving iTBS/rTMS treatment (odds ratio = 2; p = 0.199) (Fig. 1). Conclusion: The results of this randomized double-blind sham-controlled study provided evidence that BDNF gene expressions, especially the Val/Val genotype, could be a predictor of the response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for TRD patients.
Individualized theta-burst stimulation of parietal-hippocampal functional connectivity in patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Question: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to relieve symptoms of major depression disorder (MDD). However, there are few published studies probing the curative potential of stimulation targets outside the prefrontal cortex. While, traditionally, the selection of stimulation targets has been constrained to anatomical target regions near the surface of the brain, new approaches utilize patients” individual functional MRI data in order to identify superficial cortical stimulation targets that are functionally connected to deeper regions of the brain, thus enabling propagation of iTBS effects. The present study investigates the effects of stimulation of parietal-hippocampal functional connectivity on the hippocampus (HC) and depressive symptoms as well as cognition in patients with MDD. Methods: 53 patients with unipolar MDD were randomized to three treatment groups and underwent 15 days of iTBS. All patients received one daily session of active iTBS over DLPFC as well as a second daily session of (1) active iTBS over DLPFC (DLPFC-DLPFC group, n = 17), (2) active iTBS over individualized targets within lateral parietal cortex (LPC) based on functional connectivity to the HC (DLPFC-LPC group, n = 18), or (3) sham iTBS either over DLPFC or LPC (DLPFC-SHAM group, n = 18). Depressive symptom severity was assessed over the treatment course using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17). Before and after the treatment course patients underwent MRI scanning to acquire functional data at rest and during the performance of an associative memory paradigm. Results: HDRS-17 scores improved across treatment groups, however, in the absence of significant between-group differences. In the associative memory fMRI task patients in the DLPFC-DLPFC group showed greater activation in the left HC during encoding at the end of treatment than patients in the DLPFC-LPC and DLPFC-SHAM groups when controlling for pre-treatment scores. Only in the DLPFC-LPC group, this increase in neural activation was correlated with better outcome in a spatial planning task post-treatment. Functional connectivity analysis revealed a significant effect of group on functional connectivity changes between right HC and a cluster in the left DLPFC. Conclusion: These findings provide evidence for the propagating effects of iTBS over an individualized parietal target on hippocampal plasticity: firstly, parietal-hippocampal stimulation enhanced encoding-related activity in the HC. Secondly, stimulation of both DLPFC and the parietal target augmented functional connectivity between DLPFC and HC. Thus, while parietal-hippocampal stimulation had no additional clinical benefit regarding depressive symptom severity, the correlation between increased neural activation and better performance during spatial planning suggests that the tested approach may be beneficial for depressed patients with cognitive deficits.
Treatment resistant depression: rTMS combined with Light Therapy, a novel approach$$$ Introduction: Major depressive disorder is a highly prevalent illness and a worldwide leading cause of disability. Antidepressant pharmacotherapy is often suboptimal in terms of efficacy, safety and tolerability: almost one third of depressed patients do not respond. In the last decade, several studies focused on treatment resistant depression (TRD): neuromodulation treatments, such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and chronotherapy, in particular light therapy (LT), have been shown to augment the antidepressant effect of medications. Objectives: To the best of our knowledge, no previous study assessed the augmenting antidepressant effect of light therapy on rTMS through a randomized control trial of inpatients with treatment resistant depression. Patients & Methods: 70 TRD patients (50 MDD and 20 BD; mean age 57.6 SD = 10.2) were recruited in the Mood Disorders Unit of San Raffaele Turro Hospital. Every patient was treated with rTMS using figure-8 coil to the DLPFC according to the FDA-approved protocol. Patients were randomly assigned in a 1:1 ratio to LT (10.000-lux of white light using Coelux artificial windows 45 lc for 30 min, administered during the morning). The combined treatment lasted 3-weeks. All patients were on a stable dose of antidepressants. Depressive symptoms were assessed weekly with the 21-Hamilton scale for depression (HAM-D). Changes in outcome measures over time were analyzed with a 2-way rANOVA, with LSD Post hoc Test. In order to evaluate the effect of LT on response rate we performed a chi-square test. Results: Homogeneity of variance (Levene test) at baseline was tested for HAM-D scores (F = 2.4 p = 0.12). A 2-way rANOVA on HAM-D scores showed a significant effect of treatment (F = 12.7; p = 0.000) and time (F = 328.9; p = 0,000) and a non significant effect of time-per-treatment interaction (F = 2.0; p = 0.11), meaning that both groups were effective in reducing depressive symptomatology. Post hoc comparison showed no difference at baseline (p = 0,084) and significantly better scores for LT-group at every time point thereafter (week 1 p = 0,000, week 2 p = 0,011, week 3 p = 0,007). An highly significant interaction between time and treatment was found after the first week of treatment (F(1, 68) = 8.393 ; p = 0.005), meaning that the LT-treated patients achieved an accelerated reduction in depressive symptoms. Response rate (reduction of 50% or more of the HAM-D) at the first week of LT plus TMS was of 40,0% vs 14.2% of TMS alone (chi2 = 5.85; p = 0.01); at the second and third week the response rate was 80,0% vs 60,0 (chi2 = 3.33; p = 0.67) and 97,1% vs 71,4 (chi2 = 8.74; p = 0.03). Conclusion: We showed how the antidepressant effect of rTMS was enhanced by combining it with LT in the treatment of TRD. In particular, this combination appears to be effective in generating a faster reduction of depressive symptoms. Our data suggests LT is an interesting, novel augmentation technique for TRD when combined with rTMS.
Comparison of the efficacy and safety of melatonin and memantine in the alleviation of cognitive impairments induced by electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ The purpose of this study was to assess and compare the efficacy and safety of melatonin and memantine in the alleviation of cognitive disorders in patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder (MDD) undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Patients undergoing ECT for treatment of MDD were randomly allocated to the melatonin (3 mg/d) or memantine (5 mg/d) groups. The participants received either melatonin or memantine (tablet) through the ECT therapy, which was started at beginning the first day of ECT and continued to the sixth session. The Modified Mental State Examination (MMSE) was used to evaluate cognitive function before and after the intervention. Frothy eligible patients (22 females and 18 males) were studied. There was no significant difference between two groups in terms of demographic characteristics, hemodynamic parameters and baseline MMSE and item 3 MMSE. The Memantine group scored significantly higher at the end of the ECT sessions either by MMSE or item 3MMSE than the baseline (P = 0.04 and P = 0.03, respectively). In the melatonin group, both MMSE and item 3MMSE scores were decreased significantly than the baseline (p = 0.03 and p = 0.02, respectively). No withdrawal was observed due to the drugs' adverse effects. It seems that memantine (5 mg/d) is more effective than melatonin (3 mg/d), to alleviate cognitive disorders induced by ECT.
TREATMENT PARAMETERS AND RATIONALE FOR THE USE OF ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY FOR THE MANAGEMENT OF TREATMENT-REFRACTORY AGITATION IN ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE$$$ Introduction: Over 5.8?million people in the US are currently living with Alzheimer's disease (AD), the most common form of neurodegenerative dementia. More than 90% of individuals with AD experience neuropsychiatric symptoms (NPS), such as agitation, apathy, and depression. Agitation is one of the most common NPS, which not only accounts for 12% of health and social care costs but also increases the risk of mortality and caregiver burden. The most common treatments for agitation include psychotropic medications, used off-label, along with behavioral management strategies. Though the prevalence of AD is projected to rise to 13.8?million by 2050, there are no FDA-approved treatments for the severe agitation associated with this condition. Recent case series and prospective naturalistic reports have demonstrated evidence that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), used widely for severe episodes of Major Depression in older adults, may be effective for reducing severe agitation in moderate to severe stages of Alzheimer's dementia. We describe an NIA funded study comparing the efficacy of ECT plus usual care (ECT + UC) versus simulated ECT plus usual care (S-ECT + UC) in decreasing agitation symptoms for individuals with AD. In order to minimize the potential for adverse cognitive effects associated with ECT, such as memory impairment, the present study has taken into consideration treatment modality, treatment modification, and treatment discontinuation to minimize adverse effects of ECT on cognition and the development of delirium. Methods: The ECT-AD study aims to randomize 200 patients with a diagnosis of AD, severe agitation and a history of at least three prior failed trials of psychotropic medication. The patients will be admitted to the inpatient psychiatry units at Emory Wesley Woods Hospital, McLean Hospital, Mayo Clinic, Pine Rest Christian Mental Health Center, and Northwell Health. The consent will be provided by an authorized health care representative and assent will be obtained from patients. Subjects will be randomized to up to 9 ultra-brief pulse Right Unilateral (UB-RUL) ECT treatments plus usual care or simulated ECT plus usual care, blinding the inpatient treatment team to the study arm allocation. Previous research has not only established the comparability in regards to the safety and efficacy of UB-RUL ECT with more commonly practiced treatment modalities (i.e., brief pulse bitemporal (BP-BT) or BP-bifrontal (BP-BF)), but also demonstrated that there is reduced evidence for memory impairment associated with UB-RUL ECT than with either BP-BT or BP-BF. To mitigate the risk of cognitive side effects, this study will initiate UB-RUL for all patients. Seizures threshold will be established at treatment one, and subsequent treatments will be given at 6 x seizure threshold. Treatment modifications for this study include a switch from UB-RUL ECT to BP-BT ECT after the 6th ECT treatment if the patient has not demonstrated improvement. The treatment parameters will be switched to BP-BT for sessions 7 through 9, and charge dose would be determined using the half-age method. We established discontinuation procedures to minimize cognitive side effects, such as discontinuation due to change in eligibility (i.e., no longer meets agitation criteria on Cohen Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), development of delirium measured by the Confusion Assessment Method (CAM), or development of a cognitive adverse event as determined by persistent decreases on measures of the Severe Impairment Battery (SIB-8) or the Barthel Index (BI). Results: A recent retrospective chart review of sixty patients with dementia and agitation from Emory suggests that UB-RUL ECT is safe and effective in reducing agitation in AD as measured by the Pittsburgh Agitation Scale (PAS), Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF) and number of psychotropic medications. The baseline PAS total was 9.3+/-3.7 and it decreased significantly after three (2.5+/-2.8) and six (1.5+/-2.3,) ECT treatments. No significant ECT-related medical complications were observed except transient confusion. There was a reduction in the number of psychotropic medications prescribed along with an increase in the global assessment of function (GAF) score after the ECT treatment course. We hypothesize that ECT+UC will be more efficacious in reducing severe agitation in AD subjects than S-ECT+UC. The primary efficacy outcome measure is the CMAI. The secondary efficacy outcome measures are the Neuropsychiatric Inventory – Clinician Version (NPI-C), Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study-Clinical Global Impression of Change Scale (ADCS-CGIC), and PAS. Safety and tolerability will be assessed with the Severe Impairment Battery – 8 items (SIB-8) for cognitive decline, the CAM for the development of delirium, and adverse event monitoring. For subjects who exhibit floor effects on the SIB-8 at baseline, the Barthel Index (BI) will be used as a proxy measure of cognitive function. Conclusions: The present study aims to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of ECT for treating severe agitation in individuals with AD using a randomized-controlled method while minimizing cognitive side effects through established baseline treatment parameters and treatment modification protocols. Results from this study will likely guide further research and help clinicians more effectively address severe agitation in patients with AD, including an improvement in quality of life for individuals with AD while decreasing caregiver burden and healthcare costs. This research was funded by: National Institute of Aging R01 AG061100-01
DIAGNOSING COGNITIVE DECLINE: COMPARING NIA-AA TO DSM-5 APPROACHES$$$ Introduction: Both the DSM-5 and NIA-AA (Albert et al., 2011) stipulate methods for assessing and diagnosing cognitive decline but differ in their approach for estimating cognitive ability. The DSM suggests that evidence of cognitive decline is demonstrated either through culturally normed neuropsychological evaluation or through the use of “bedside” assessments such as the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) or Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA). By contrast, the 2011 recommendations from the National Institute of Aging – Alzheimer Association (NIA–AA) emphasize the use of objective testing ideally via a neuropsychological evaluation of cognitive impairment in one or more cognitive domains. The current study compared differences in diagnostic rates between these two standards. Since the NIA-AA standards emphasize a more detailed cognitive assessment, we hypothesized that these criteria would identify a larger proportion of individuals with cognitive impairment than the DSM-5 criteria. We then examined possible clinical predictors of this discrepancy, including demographic, psychosocial, health-related, and genetic factors. Methods: Data was drawn from 604 participants who were recruited into the Prevention of Alzheimer's Disease With Cognitive Remediation Plus tDCS in Mild Cognitive Impairment and Depression (PACt-MD; ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02386670) trial. This is a randomized, controlled trial to evaluate brain stimulation and computerized brain training interventions for the prevention of cognitive decline in older adults. Participants either had a clinical history of mild cognitive impairment (MCI), major depressive disorder in remission, both, or were recruited as healthy controls without history of cognitive difficulty or mental disorder. All participants underwent a clinical and neuropsychological evaluation. Cognitive diagnoses were determined during biweekly consensus conferences. Both the DSM-5 and NIA-AA criteria were used during each consensus conference. The current analysis is based on the baseline data (i.e., prior to the intervention) of the 455 participants for whom a consensus conference was completed. We first compared diagnostic rates of MCI (NIA-AA) vs. mild neurocognitive disorder (DSM-5), as well as dementia (NIA-AA) vs. major neurocognitive disorder (DSM-5). We then used binary logistic regression models to examine demographic (age, education, race, sex, premorbid intellectual ability), psychosocial (English as a primary language, history of depression), health-related (severity of medical illness burden), and genetic (APOE e4 carrier status) predictors of diagnostic discrepancy between DSM-5 and NIA-AA criteria. Analyses were conducted separately for two groups of participants: (i) the group for which NIA-AA diagnoses reflected greater cognitive impairment than did the DSM-5 diagnoses (e.g., NIA-AA diagnosis of dementia but DSM-5 diagnosis of mild neurocognitive disorder); and (ii) the group for which DSM-5 diagnoses reflected greater cognitive impairment (e.g., DSM-5 diagnosis of major neurocognitive disorder but NIA-AA diagnosis of MCI. Results: At baseline, there were 103 (22.6%) cases of discrepant diagnoses between the two classification systems: 50 cases had a NIA-AA diagnosis of MCI and no DSM-5 cognitive diagnosis (i.e., normal cognitive status); 41 cases had a NIA-AA diagnosis of dementia and a DSM-5 diagnosis of mild neurocognitive disorder; 12 cases had a DSM-5 diagnosis of mild neurocognitive disorder and no NIA-AA diagnosis. Compared to the 352 cases in agreement, the 91 cases with NIAA diagnoses reflecting greater cognitive impairment were more likely to have a history of major depressive disorder in remission (46% vs. 39%; B=-1.058, p=.003), be an APOE4 carrier (50% vs. 27%; B=-1.120, p=.001), and be older (72?vs. 71 years; B=.063, p=.02). APOE4 status, history of depression, and age were independent predictors. Compared to the 352 cases in agreement, the 12 cases with DSM-5 diagnosis reflecting greater cognitive impairment were less likely to have a history of depression (17% vs. 41%; B=2.414, p=.025). Conclusions: While there was overall agreement with cognitive diagnoses when using NIA-AA or DSM-5 criteria, the two systems were discrepant in 22.6% of cases. Discrepancies were more likely to occur in participants with a history of depression, who were APOE4 carriers, or who were older. Overall, NIA-AA criteria yielded diagnoses reflecting greater cognitive impairment, especially in participants with a history of prior depression or those who were APOE4 carriers. These results suggest that more detailed neuropsychological evaluations may be indicated in older adults with a history of depression or who have a genetic vulnerability to dementia. This research was funded by: This project has been made possible by Brain Canada through the Canada Brain Research Fund, with the financial support of Health Canada and the Chagnon Family.
ECT AMPLITUDE AND CLINICAL OUTCOMES$$$ Introduction: ECT is recognized for its efficacy in the treatment of depressive disorders, however neurocognitive impairment remains a major concern of treatment. Demographic factors, depression severity, and ECT treatment parameters influence neurocognitive outcomes. Studies examining ECT electrode placement and pulse width find that more focal stimulus delivery with right unilateral placement or ultrabrief pulse width can reduce cognitive side effects, however are associated with less efficacy than standard treatments. Pulse amplitude, which determines the induced electric field strength in the brain, is currently set at 800-900?mA on modern ECT devices without any clinical or scientific rationale. Lower pulse amplitudes also produce more focal electric fields and potentially reduce neurocognitive impairment. Recent small studies have demonstrated that low amplitude ECT can generate seizure induction, may improve depression severity, and result in fewer cognitive side effects. There are not yet prospective randomized studies examining the antidepressant and neurocognitive dose-response relationship relative of ECT pulse amplitude. The present study compares three different pulse amplitudes during an ECT series. We hypothesize that the lower amplitudes will maintain the antidepressant efficacy of the standard treatment and reduce the risk of neurocognitive impairment. Methods: The present study (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT0299929) prospectively randomized subjects to three treatment arms: 600mA, 700mA, and 800mA (active comparator). Clinical, neuropsychological, and imaging assessments were conducted pre-, mid- (after the sixth ECT treatment) and post-ECT (within one week of finishing the ECT series). Subjects had a diagnosis of major depressive disorder, met the clinical indication for ECT, were between 50 and 80?years of age, and right-handed. Depression severity was tracked using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 24-item (HDRS-24). The neuropsychological battery is focused on detecting longitudinal differences in hippocampal-dependent changes in cognitive performance. Our primary outcome measure was the Hopkins Verbal Learning Test-Revised (HVLT-R) raw retention score. All subjects were treated with right unilateral electrode placements with either ultrabrief pulse width (0.3 ms) or brief pulse widths (1.0ms, used for the last 14 subjects following interim data analysis). Treatments were individually titrated to supra-threshold, with subsequent treatments given at 6x seizure threshold. Results: For this analysis, we focused on subjects that completed all three time points with RUL electrode placement. 62 patients were randomized to the three different pulse amplitude groups and completed at least the first and mid- visits. Demographics, including age, sex, duration of depressive episode, number of lifetime episodes, and baseline cognitive status were not significantly different between groups. Initial HDRS-24 scores were similar. The lowest amplitude group (600 mA) in our study showed significantly less antidepressant effect compared to the higher amplitudes (700mA and 800mA). The amplitude groups did not have significant differences in our primary cognitive outcome, the HVLT-R retention score. Several of the secondary cognitive outcomes were more sensitive to detecting cognitive impairment than the Hopkins Verbal Learning Test, revealing that subjects receiving 800?mA demonstrated greater impairment effects compared to the lower amplitude. This was most sensitive in the Delis Kaplan Executive Function System (DKEFS)-Verbal Fluency subset, DKEFS-Color Word Interference, and Dot Counting Test. Conclusions: This study used a blinded randomized design to examine dose-dependent effects of pulse amplitude on depression response and neurocognitive measures. Despite seizure induction, treatment with the 600mA pulse amplitude did not achieve clinical efficacy in comparison to higher amplitudes. These findings support the concept that seizure is necessary but not sufficient for treatment response. The primary cognitive outcome, the Hopkins Verbal Learning Test-Revised (HVLT-R) raw retention score, did not show significant difference between amplitudes. However, neurocognitive battery outcomes of verbal fluency, color-word interference, and dot counting showed sensitivity in the secondary analyses. Focal electric field exposure through reduction of pulse amplitude may be beneficial in limiting the effects of some aspects of cognitive impairment. Limitations of our study include attrition and missing data from for some subjects who could not complete the full neurocognitive battery. Further work on understanding ECT treatment parameters can optimize and individualize care for patients undergoing ECT, maximizing benefit and reducing cognitive risk. This research was funded by: BRAIN Initiative U01 MH111826
Session 413$$$ Psychotic depression (PD) is a severe disorder that may be more common among the older vs. younger adults. The significant morbidity and disability associated with acute episodes of PD can be especially prominent in the elderly. Treatment guidelines recommend either electroconvulsive therapy or the combination of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications for the acute treatment of PD. However, little is known about the risks and benefits of antipsychotic medication during continuation and maintenance treatment. Premature discontinuation of antipsychotic medication carries the potential risk of early relapse of a severe and potentially lethal disorder. Conversely, the continuation of antipsychotic medication can expose a patient to known adverse effects, such as weight gain and metabolic disturbance, extrapyramidal symptoms and potential impact on brain structure and connectivity. For this symposium, we will first review the epidemiology of PD, its clinical presentation, diagnostic challenges, as well as controversies in treatment with special emphasize on the difference between older vs. younger patients. Then, we will report the results of a NIMH-funded, multicenter randomized placebo-controlled trial (STOP-PD II) that assessed the risks and benefits of continuing antipsychotic medication in 126 adults with PD once the episode of depression had responded to treatment with an antidepressant (sertraline) and an antipsychotic (olanzapine). Notably, 42.9% (n=54) of study participants were aged 60+ years. Finally, we will present the findings of a separate NIMH-funded study that examined the effects of olanzapine vs. placebo on brain structure and connectivity in a subset of STOP-PD II participants using magnetic resonance imaging – this is the first placebo-controlled RCT to examine the effects of antipsychotic medication on brain structure and connectivity in humans. For both studies, differences in outcomes between older adults and younger adults will be highlighted.
COMPARISON OF THE SPEED OF REMISSION BETWEEN BILATERAL AND RIGHT UNILATERAL ECT IN A COHORT OF GERIATRIC PSYCHIATRY PATIENTS$$$ Introduction: • Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been clinically proven to be an effective form of treatment for severe depression. It is also a safe treatment option when a quick response is needed. ECT is especially useful in the geriatric population where the complications of severe depression like not eating or drinking, self-neglect, deteriorating medical co morbidities lead to increased morbidity and mortality. •Several studies have compared efficacy of the different electrode placements as well as any resulting cognitive side effects from ECT. • A randomized trial comparing bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ECT (commonly referred to as CORE) showed clinical and statistically significant antidepressant outcomes with all three electrode placements. Bitemporal electrode placement in this study however resulted in a more rapid decline in symptoms over the early course of treatment leading to the recommendation that bitemporal leads be considered the preferred placement for urgent clinical situations. Of note the mean age characteristics of these patients was 53.1 and all carrying a diagnosis of Unipolar/bipolar depression with/without psychosis, receiving acute ECT treatment. • In Phase I of the PRIDE study, a sample of geriatric patients with severe depression were given RUL ECT 3?times a week. One of the secondary outcomes they looked at was the speed of remission which was determined by the number of RUL ECT treatments required to achieve remission. In this study, the mean number of RUL ECT treatments to achieve remission was 7.3. • In this retrospective chart review we hypothesized that using bitemporal electrode placement would lead to remission of symptoms with fewer ECT treatments than right unilateral placement among a strictly geriatric population. • Potentially fewer treatments could lead to lower treatment costs, reduce the risk of cognitive impairment and illness burden by achieving quicker response. Methods: •Retrospective chart review of 20 inpatient psychiatry patients all over age 65. Diagnoses included Major depressive disorder with psychosis (6), without psychosis (11), Bipolar disorder, depressed (2) and schizoaffective disorder (1). •All 20 patients received and responded positively to acute ECT treatment at Mount Sinai Hospital administered 3 times a week. •10 patients received bitemporal treatment and 10 received right unilateral treatment. •Treatment outcome was measured by the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS) before each ECT treatment. The QIDS-SR is a self-report inventory that measures depressive symptom severity in the following domains: sleep, psychomotor activity, appetite/weight, sad mood, concentration, energy, interest, guilt and suicidal ideations/intent. • We looked at QIDS scores at baseline and over the course determined how many ECT treatments each group received before their QIDS scores were reduced by 50%. Results: Of the 20 patient ECT records reviewed, 11 were male and 9 females. 6 patients were between ages 66-70 and the remaining 14 patients were all above age 70. At the start of ECT the average QIDS score for patients receiving bitemporal ECT was 19.8 and for RUL was 17. This indicates a moderate to severe depression from the QIDS inventory. The average number of ECT treatments to achieve 50% QIDS score reduction in bitemporal ECT was 4.5 and that for RUL ECT was 4.1. Conclusions: The average number of bitemporal ECT treatments to achieve a QIDS score reduction of 50% was 4.5 whilst that for right unilateral ECT was 4.1. • Patients that received bilateral ECT had higher average QIDS scores of 19.8 suggesting that sicker patients are treated with BL ECT. This could potentially have been because of a perceived need for a quicker response compared to RUL ECT which was not consistent with our findings. •We observed that there was little difference in the number of treatments needed to achieve fifty percent reduction in symptoms. From our findings it appears that in the geriatric population both bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placements have rapid onset of action with only a marginal difference. •Our study was limited by it being a retrospective medical chart review with only 20 patients. This research was funded by: Not Applicable
Dissociable effects of tDCS polarity on latent decision processes are associated with individual differences in neurochemical concentrations and cortical morphology$$$ Applying a weak electrical current to the cortex has the potential to modulate neural functioning and behaviour. The most common stimulation technique, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), has been used for causal investigations of brain and cognitive functioning, and to treat psychiatric conditions such as depression. However, the efficacy of tDCS in modulating behaviour varies across individuals. Moreover, despite being associated with different neural effects, the two polarities of electrical stimulation – anodal and cathodal – can result in similar behavioural outcomes. Here we employed a previously replicated behavioural paradigm that has been associated with polarity non-specific disruption of training effects in a simple decision-making task. We then used the linear ballistic accumulator model to quantify latent components of the decision-making task. In addition, magnetic resonance imaging measures were acquired prior to tDCS sessions to quantify cortical morphology and local neurochemical concentrations. Both anodal and cathodal stimulation disrupted learning-related task improvement relative to sham (placebo) stimulation, but the two polarities of stimulation had distinct effects on latent task components. Whereas anodal stimulation tended to affect decision thresholds for the behavioural task, cathodal stimulation altered evidence accumulation rates. Moreover, performance variability with anodal stimulation was related to cortical thickness of the inferior frontal gyrus, whereas performance variability with cathodal stimulation was related to cortical thickness in the inferior precentral sulcus, as well as to prefrontal neurochemical excitability. Our findings demonstrate that both cortical morphology and local neurochemical balance are important determinants of individual differences in behavioural responses to electrical brain stimulation.
The CINP guidelines on the definition and evidence-based interventions for treatment-resistant bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Resistant bipolar disorder is a major mental health problem related to significant disability and overall cost. The aim of the current study was to perform a systematic review of the literature concerning (1) the definition of treatment resistance in bipolar disorder, (2) its clinical and (3) neurobiological correlates, and (4) the evidence-based treatment options for treatment-resistant bipolar disorder and for eventually developing guidelines for the treatment of this condition Materials and Methods: The PRISMA method was used to identify all published papers relevant to the definition of treatment resistance in bipolar disorder and the associated evidence-based treatment options. The MEDLINE was searched to April 22, 2018. Results: Criteria were developed for the identification of resistance in bipolar disorder concerning all phases. The search of the literature identified all published studies concerning treatment options. The data were classified according to strength, and separate guidelines regarding resistant acute mania, acute bipolar depression, and the maintenance phase were developed. Discussion: The definition of resistance in bipolar disorder is by itself difficult due to the complexity of the clinical picture, course, and treatment options. The current guidelines are the first, to our knowledge, developed specifically for the treatment of resistant bipolar disorder patients, and they also include an operationalized definition of treatment resistance. They were based on a thorough and deep search of the literature and utilize as much as possible an evidence-based approach.
Safety, Tolerability, and Nocebo Phenomena During Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trials$$$ Background: The methodology used for the application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is such that it may induce a placebo effect. Respectively, adverse events (AEs) can occur when using a placebo, a phenomenon called nocebo. The primary aim of our meta-analysis is to establish the nocebo phenomena during TMS. Safety and tolerability of TMS were also studied. Methods: After a systematic Medline search for TMS randomized controlled trials (RCTs), we assessed the number of patients reporting at least one AE and the number of discontinuations because of AE in active and sham TMS groups. Results: Data were extracted from 93 RCTs. The overall pooled estimate of active TMS and placebo treated patients who discontinued treatment because of AEs was 2.5% (95% CI 1.9%-3.2%) and 2.7% (95% CI 2.0%-3.5%), respectively. The pooled estimate of active TMS and placebo treated patients experiencing at least one AE was 29.3% (95% CI 19.0%-22.6%) and 13.6% (95% CI 11.6%-15.8%), respectively, suggesting that the odds of experiencing an AE is 2.60 times higher (95% CI 1.75-3.86) in the active treatment group compared to placebo (p < 0.00001). The most common AE was headache, followed by dizziness. Secondary meta-analyses in depression and psychotic disorders showed that the odds of experiencing an AE is 3.98 times higher (95% CI 2.14-7.40) and 2.93 times higher (95% CI 1.41-6.07), respectively, in the active treatment groups compared to placebo. Conclusions: TMS is a safe and well-tolerated intervention. Nocebo phenomena do occur during TMS treatment and should be acknowledged during clinical trial design and daily clinical practice.
Influence of electroconvulsive therapy on white matter structure in a diffusion tensor imaging study$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a fast-acting intervention for major depressive disorder. Previous studies indicated neurotrophic effects following ECT that might contribute to changes in white matter brain structure. We investigated the influence of ECT in a non-randomized prospective study focusing on white matter changes over time. METHODS: Twenty-nine severely depressed patients receiving ECT in addition to inpatient treatment, 69 severely depressed patients with inpatient treatment (NON-ECT) and 52 healthy controls (HC) took part in a non-randomized prospective study. Participants were scanned twice, approximately 6 weeks apart, using diffusion tensor imaging, applying tract-based spatial statistics. Additional correlational analyses were conducted in the ECT subsample to investigate the effects of seizure duration and therapeutic response. RESULTS: Mean diffusivity (MD) increased after ECT in the right hemisphere, which was an ECT-group-specific effect. Seizure duration was associated with decreased fractional anisotropy (FA) following ECT. Longitudinal changes in ECT were not associated with therapy response. However, within the ECT group only, baseline FA was positively and MD negatively associated with post-ECT symptomatology. CONCLUSION: Our data suggest that ECT changes white matter integrity, possibly reflecting increased permeability of the blood-brain barrier, resulting in disturbed communication of fibers. Further, baseline diffusion metrics were associated with therapy response. Coherent fiber structure could be a prerequisite for a generalized seizure and inhibitory brain signaling necessary to successfully inhibit increased seizure activity.
Efficacy and Safety of Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Office Workers with Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Objectives: Major depression is a highly prevalent disorder that causes economic burden in office workers. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) in office workers with treatment-resistant depression. Methods: In this study, we randomized office workers taking administrative leave for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder with current major depressive episode. dTMS treatment was applied at 120% resting motor threshold with 18 Hz over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The treatment sessions delivered a total of 1,980 pulses a day, 5 days a week, for 4-6 weeks. The primary outcome was change in the total score on the 21-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-21) from baseline to the end of study in an intent-to-treat analysis. The secondary outcomes were the response and remission rates. We also assessed changes in cognitive function and adverse events. Results: Forty patients were randomized to active or sham dTMS groups (1:1). The change in the total score on the HDRS-21 was more significantly improved in the active group than in the sham group at 6 weeks (p = 0.045). There were no significant differences in the response and remission rates or cognitive measures between the active and sham groups. No serious adverse events were observed in either group. Conclusions: These results suggest that dTMS might be effective and safe in office workers with treatment-resistant depression. Further well-designed studies are needed.
Antidepressant adherence and alternative future options in Pacific Islander youth$$$ Objectives: To investigate the current response to psychopharmacology and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in Pacific Islander adolescents with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). BACKGROUND: 40-60% of youth with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) have a limited response to current treatment protocols and require either (a) medications with a wider side effect profile, (b) intensive psychosocial programs that interfere with school, and/or (c) publicly spurned options (electroconvulsive therapy). Such results are tempered further when working with Pacific Islanders, as such youth and families have shown in multiple studies. The aversion to such standard treatment is concerning, as Native Hawaiian adolescents have a higher risk of suicide than other adolescents in Hawaii (12.9/100,000 youth per year). With this in mind, the investigators wondered how a novel, non-pharmacological approach to depression treatment in children, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), would fair. S: 2 literature searches (utilizing Pubmed, Ovid, Google Scholar, and OneSearch) were conducted on 6/10/19: 1 investigating rTMS in adolescent depression, the other researching rTMS in depression in Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander youth. RESULTS: At this point in time, 10 studies exist testing TMS' effects in children and adolescents with treatment refractory depression. 9 of said studies were open-label trials; 1 was a small (n=2) RCT (with both patients randomized to the active arm). Of those evaluating depression severity through Children's Depression Rating Scale-revised ("CDRS-R") scores, 100% of the trials (8/8) displayed a statistically significant improvement. None of the trials of the 1st series of searches nor the entirety of the 2nd series yielded information as to how TMS fairs in Native Hawaiian or other Pacific Islander youth. S: No studies exist that can verify the efficacy of TMS in youth, of Oceanic origin or otherwise, with the same degree of scrutiny as currently done in adults. Therefore, our group is engaging in a pilot study to evaluate the performance of TMS for the treatment of MDD in Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander adolescents aged 12-17; we are planning on then progressing on to a sham-controlled RCT in a larger sample size of the same population to test its efficacy in not just Pacific Islanders, but all youth.
Efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation for treating negative symptoms in schizophrenia: The follow-up phase$$$ Background: Schizophrenia is a severe mental illness presenting a substantial, increasing burden. Its negative symptoms include flattened affect, loss of interest, and emo- tional withdrawal and are associated with poor functional outcomes. Most antipsychotic drugs are not effective for such symptoms and present important adverse effects3 and low tolerability. v Nonpharmacological interventions are also limited. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a noninvasive neuromodulatory technique that presents low costs, portability, ease of use, and no serious adverse effects. The technique injects weak, direct currents via scalp electrodes. A current fraction penetrates the brain, increasing or decreasing the neuronal excitability of regions near the anode or the cathode, respectively. Mimicking rTMS studies, tDCS trials have used anodal stimulation over the left PFC aiming to ameliorate negative symptoms. In a seminal study, Brunelin et al used a frontotemporoparietal montage in 30 patients with schizophrenia and demonstrated large effect sizes for improvement of negative symptoms and auditory hallucinations (AHs). Recently, we confirmed that active tDCS is more effective than sham tDCS for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia in a randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial with 100 patients. However, the studies showed tDCS efficacy only during the acute phase of the treatment of the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. In fact, as to understand tDCS' role in the therapeutic arsenal of schizophrenia, it is crucial to assess its efficacy during the continuation treatment. We performed a 24- week follow-up study to assess the relapse of patients presenting a clinical response after acute tDCS treatment. We also explored whether baseline clinical and demographic characteristics were predictors of relapse. Finally, we report the results of patients from the open-label, crossover phase of the study. Methods: The follow-up phase was the open-label in which all responders (>20% negative PANSS improvement or negative PANSS < 20) who had previously received active-tDCS were enrolled to a 24-week, follow-up phase in which a maximum of 9 tDCS sessions were performed - every other week for 3 months and, thereafter, once a month for the subsequent 3 months - sessions would be interrupted earlier whether the subject relapsed. TDCS was applied at 2mA/30-min, with the anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the cathode over the tempoparietal junction. Relapse was the outcome measure. Results: We had 20 responder in the clinical trial to tDCS and more 12 out 29 in the cross-over phase (who were sham and entered in an open-label exactly as the original clinical trial). Of this 32, 27 accepted to participate in the follow-up phase. The survival rate per Kaplan-Meier analysis was 61%. Patients with treatment ultraresistant presented lower 24-week survival rate as compared to nonrefractory patients (58% vs. 67%), but without statistical difference between groups(P < .5). Equivalents dosages use of haloperidol, clozapine use, number of hospitalizations or length of the schizophrenia were a predictor of relapse. TDCS was well tolerated and with few side effects Discussion: Patients after using tDCS for negative symptoms of schizophrenia presents a low rate of relapse when compared the use of tDCS for major depression. tDCS can be an alternative to the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia at long-term.
Schizoaffective disorder-depressive episode and electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Some patients have schizophrenia-like disorders with prominent affective symptoms more or less equal to schizophrenic and affective symptoms. Such patients are classified in DSM-5, ICD-10 and DCR-10 under schizoaffective disorder. The definition in ICD-10 and DCR-10 is similar to the one in DSM-5. It also specifies that diagnosis should only be made when both definite schizophrenic and definite affective symptoms are equally prominent and present simultaneously, prominent and present within a few days between them. The clinical course of the disorder is often characterized by a periodic, rapid onset of symptoms that shows a high degree of remission after several weeks or months. Death rate due mainly to suicide or accident show elevations in this disorder. Generally schizoaffective disorder is more common in females than in males. Treatments aren't always efficient. ECT, though not yet a recognized indication, has sometimes been used. Objectives: This prospective randomized single-blind, placebocontrolled study was intended to evaluate effects of ECT on drug-free patients, with schizoaffective disorder-depressive episode. Methods: Simple randomized patients assigned to receive either active (A) ECT (21 patients - 12 female and 9 male) or placebo (P) ECT without electric stimulus (20 patients - 11 female and 9 male) were treated during 6 weeks (12 treatments, twice a week), two bifrontal electrode placebo on the scalp. Patients: Forty-one patients (23 female and 18 male) aged 29-51, out-patients, drug-free, with schizoaffective disorder-depressive episode. Results: Active ECT - all patients (21) presented partial symptoms remission after 6th treatment (T1); after 12th treatment (T2) 17 patients presented total remission. Placebo ECT - three patients presented partial symptoms remission after, 6th treatment (T1) and after 12th treatment (T2) no one presented total remission. Conclusion: ECT was effective in relieving 17 patient's schizoaffective disorder-depressive episode, interfering on the clinical course of the disorder. (Figure Presented).
A review of non-invasive brain stimulation for cognitive impairment: Evidence for novel and widespread applications$$$ Introduction: It is well known that cognition begins to decline with age, but these functions are also compromised in various neurological and psychiatric disorders. Cortical regions such as the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and its associated networks exhibit dysfunctional activity in a multitude of mental illnesses. Neuromodulation of cortical areas via noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) modalities is emerging as a promising treatment option to optimize regional and network activity in order to reverse cognitive impairment. Therefore, we surveyed the literature for high quality evidence. Methods: The databases Ovid, Medline, and Embase were searched using the terms: (((((transcranial magnetic stimulation) OR transcranial direct current stimulation)) AND ((traumatic brain injuries) AND mood disorders))) OR ((((transcranial magnetic stimulation) OR transcranial direct current stimulation)) AND ((dementia) AND ((cognition disorders) OR cognit∗ impairment))). The filters “english language” and “humans” were applied to the initial search. We adhered to PRISMA guidelines and the results were manually sorted into randomized controlled studies by three independent reviewers. Results: 360 initial results were filtered to distill 43 randomized/sham controlled trials. Of these, 31 (72%) demonstrated statistical significance superior to sham. Positive effects of NIBS (rTMS, tDCS, tRNS) were found in a wide distribution of conditions: ADHD (0/1), Alzheimer's disease/MCI (8/9), Depression (5/8), Fibromyalgia (1/2), Healthy Controls (2/2), HIV (1/1), Huntington's disease (1/1), Multiple Sclerosis (1/2), Parkinson's disease (2/4), Schizophrenia (6/9), and Stroke (3/3). These studies assessed multiple variables and improvements in cognition were observed across all six neurocognitive domains: Complex Attention (12/18), Executive Function (17/25), Learning and Memory (11/14), Perceptual-Motor Function (8/10), and Social Cognition (3/3). Positive results stratified according to stimulation modality are as follows: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) = 13/22; transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) = 15/17; transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) = 1/2; rTMS + tDCS = 1/1; tDCS + pharmacotherapy = 1/1. The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex was overwhelmingly the most common anatomical target; though other regions were stimulated as well. Conclusion: These results demonstrate improvements in cognition across a variety of neuropsychiatric disorders spanning the spectrum of neurocognitive domains. The findings are especially significant in the context of expected increase in prevalence of dementia concomitant with the rising proportion of seniors (65+). In addition to serving as an adjunct to neuropsychiatric disorders, NIBS offers a favorable side effect profile to circumvent polypharmacy that plagues the increasingly aging population. (Figure Presented).
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain-an INS/NANS expert consensus panel review and recommendation$$$ Introduction: While emerging evidence from studies conducted in various geographical regions, practice settings and disciplines supports the use of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for pain and headache by stimulating either primary motor cortex (M1) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for Neuropathic Pain (NP), its clinical implementation is hindered due to a lack of consensus in the quality of clinical evidence and treatment recommendation/guideline(s). As part of the effort by the international non-invasive neuromodulation community and under the guidance of a steering committee composed of leadership from both the International Neuromodulation Society(INS) and the North American Neuromodulation Society(NANS), this multi-national multi-disciplinary expert panel aims to:1) assess and rate the existing outcome evidence of TMS in neuropathic pain; and 2) provide TMS treatment recommendation/ guideline for the NP and co-morbid condition depression. Methods: A five-member international expert task group under the guidance of the steering committee was established to assess the utilization of rTMS in the treatment of NP. Individual studies were first rated by the guideline established by American Academy of Neurology Classification of Evidence for Therapeutic Studies. The overall clinical evidence was then rated based on Type of Study Design and Level of Certainty, and recommendation was provided based on the US Preventive Service Task Force (USPSTF) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) criteria. Results: The task group rated the overall Study Design for TMS at M1 as I (Randomized Controlled Studies based Evidence), Level of Certainty in evidence as High for NP with supraspinal neuroanatomical origin, Moderate for phantom limb pain and spinal cord injury, and Low for NP with peripheral origins. The task group granted a USPSTF Level A (Extremely Recommendable) and CDC Level IB (Strongly Recommended for Clinical Implementation) recommendation supporting the adaptation of neuronavigation guided high frequency (>5Hz) rTMS for treating appropriate neuropathic pain indications including post-stroke central pain and trigeminal neuralgia. Left DLPFC can be considered as an alternate treatment location for patients with diffuse NP problems or co-morbid severe depression (Table 1). The treatment protocol consists of 5-10 induction sessions at 10-20 Hz, 2, 000-3,000 pulses per session and an intensity of stimulation corresponding to 80-90% of the resting motor threshold followed by biweekly to monthly maintenance treatment sessions. Conclusion: After reviewing the existing literature, the panel concluded that the level and scope of evidence for rTMS for NP is High and the treatment is Strongly Recommendable for NP. (Figure Presented).
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for persistent post-traumatic headache-an INS/NANS expert consensus panel review and recommendation$$$ Introduction: The US Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) estimated the prevalence of new traumatic brain injury (TBI) cases in the United States at over 1.7 million every year1. Persistent Post-Traumatic Brain Injury (PTBI) Related Headache (PTBI-HA) is one of the most common debilitating chronic pain conditions in patients after a mild/moderate traumatic brain injury. This high prevalence (>60%) of persistent chronic headache is often associated with neuropsychological dysfunction in mood, attention, and memory, which casts a profound negative impact on patients' quality of life and increases stress in their caregivers. Unfortunately, conventional pharmacological treatments for PTBI-HA have not been shown to be effective 2-4. As part of the effort by the international non-invasive neuromodulation community to address the opioid epidemic and under the guidance of a steering committee composed of leadership from both the International Neuromodulation Society(INS) and the North American Neuromodulation Society(NANS), this multi-disciplinary expert panel aims to:1) assess and rate the existing outcome evidence of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in managing PTBI-HA; and 2) provide TMS treatment recommendation/guideline for the PTBI-HA. Methods: A five-member expert task group was established under the guidance of a five-member INS/NANS steering committee to assess the utilization of rTMS in the treatment of PTBI-HA. Individual studies were first rated by the guideline established by American Academy of Neurology Classification of Evidence for Therapeutic Studies. The overall clinical evidence was then rated based on Type of Study Design and Level of Certainty, and recommendation was provided based on the US Preventive Service Task Force (USPSTF) and Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) criteria. Results: Based on the existing clinical outcome evidence for the shortterm efficacy (1-2 month) in alleviating PTBI-HA symptoms, the majority of the task group members rated the Study Design as I (Randomized Controlled Trials) for TMS at M1 or left LDLPFC, Level of Certainty in Evidence as High for PTBI-HA. The task group also rated USPSTF recommendation as A (Extremely Recommendable) and CDC recommendation as IA (Strongly Recommended) for the clinical implementation of the rTMS at either M1 or left LDLPFC for mild PTBI-HA with the latter being considered as alternate treatment location for patients with PTBI-HA and co-morbid severe depression Conclusion: After reviewing the existing literature, the panel concluded that the level and scope of evidence for rTMS in managing PTBI-HA is High and the treatment is Strongly Recommendable for the condition. (Figure Presented).
Twice-Daily Theta Burst Stimulation of the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Reduces Methamphetamine Craving: A Pilot Study$$$ Objectives: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) holds potential promise as a therapeutic modality for disorders of addiction. Our previous findings indicate that high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsal–lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and low-frequency rTMS over the right DLPFC can reduce drug craving for methamphetamine. One major issue with rTMS is the duration of treatment and hence potential dropout rate. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) has been recently shown to be non-inferior relative to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression. Here, we aim to compare the clinical efficacy and tolerability of intermittent and continuous theta burst stimulation protocols targeting left or right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on methamphetamine craving in abstinent-dependent subjects. Methods: In this randomized single-blind pilot study, 83 abstinent methamphetamine-dependent subjects from a long-term residential treatment program were randomly allocated into three groups: intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) over the left DLPFC (active group), continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) over the left DLPFC (active control group), or cTBS over the right DLPFC (active group) was administered twice daily over 5 days for a total of 10 sessions. We measured the primary outcome of cue-induced craving and secondarily sleep quality, depression, anxiety, impulsivity scores, and adverse effects. Results: We show a pre- vs. postintervention effect on craving, which, on paired t tests, showed that the effect was driven by iTBS of the left DLPFC and cTBS of the right DLPFC, reducing cue-induced craving but not cTBS of the left DLPFC. We did not show the critical group-by-time interaction. The secondary outcomes of depression, anxiety, and sleep were unrelated to the improvement in craving in the left iTBS and right cTBS group. In the first two sessions, self-reported adverse effects were higher with left iTBS when compared to right cTBS. The distribution of craving change suggested greater clinical response (50% improvement) with right cTBS and a bimodal pattern of effect with left iTBS, suggesting high interindividual variable response in the latter. Conclusion: Accelerated twice-daily TBS appears feasible and tolerable at modulating craving and mood changes in abstinent methamphetamine dependence critically while reducing session length. We emphasize the need for a larger randomized controlled trial study with a sham control to confirm these findings and longer duration of clinically relevant follow-up. Clinical Trial Registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry number, 17013610.
Dark Times: The Role of Negative Reinforcement in Methamphetamine Addiction$$$ Methamphetamine use is associated with substantial adverse outcomes including poor mental and physical health, financial difficulties, and societal costs. Despite deleterious long-term consequences associated with methamphetamine, many people use drugs for short-term reduction of unpleasant physical or emotional sensations. By removing these aversive states, drug use behaviors are negatively reinforced. Abstinence from methamphetamine can then result in a return to previous aversive emotional states linked to withdrawal and craving, often contributing to an increased likelihood for relapse. This negative reinforcement cycle is hypothesized to be a motivating and maintaining factor for addiction. Thus, this review highlights the current evidence for negative reinforcement mechanisms in methamphetamine use disorder by integrating studies of subjective experience, behavior, functional magnetic resonance imaging, positron emission tomography, and event-related potentials and examining the efficacy of treatments targeting aspects of negative reinforcement. Overall, the literature demonstrates that individuals who use methamphetamine have diminished cognitive control and process emotions, loss of reward, and interoceptive information differently than non-using individuals. These differences are reflected in behavioral and subjective experiments as well as brain-based experiments which report significant differences in various frontal regions, insula, anterior cingulate cortex, and striatum. Together, the results suggest methamphetamine users have an altered experience of negative outcomes, difficulties employing effective emotion regulation, and difficulty engaging in adaptive or goal-directed decision-making. Suggestions for future research to improve our understanding of how negative reinforcement contributes to methamphetamine addiction and to develop effective interventions are provided.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) and Approach Bias Modification (ABM) training on food cravings in people taking antipsychotic medication$$$ Background: Antipsychotic drug-induced weight gain puts individuals with schizophrenia at increased cardiometabolic risk. As a potential intervention for this problem, we describe the theoretical background and a protocol for a feasibility randomised controlled trial (RCT) of approach bias modification (ABM) training combined with real versus sham (placebo) transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). The primary aim of this trial is to obtain information that will guide decision making and protocol development in relation to a future large-scale RCT of ABM and tDCS in this group of participants. Second, the study will assess the preliminary efficacy of ABM + tDCS in reducing food cravings in people who take antipsychotic medication. Methods: Thirty adults with a DSM-V diagnosis of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder treated with anti-psychotic medication will be randomly allocated to receive five sessions that will combine ABM and real or sham tDCS, in a parallel group design. In this feasibility study, a broad range of outcome variables will be examined. Measures will include food craving, psychopathology (e.g. symptoms of schizophrenia and depression), neuropsychological processes (such as attentional bias and impulsiveness), and the tolerability and acceptability of tDCS. The feasibility of conducting a large-scale RCT of ABM + tDCS and appropriateness of tDCS as a treatment for antipsychotic drug-induced weight gain will be evaluated by assessment of recruitment and retention rates, acceptability of random allocation, blinding success (allocation concealment), completion of treatment sessions and research assessments (baseline, post-treatment and follow-up). Discussion: The effect sizes generated and other findings from this trial will inform a future large-scale RCT with respect to decisions on primary outcome measures and other aspects of protocol development. In addition, results from this study will provide a preliminary indication of the efficacy of ABM + tDCS treatment for antipsychotic drug-induced weight gain. Trial registration: ISRCTN Registry, ISRCTN13280178. Registered on 16 October 2018.
Non-invasive cerebellar stimulation in neurodegenerative ataxia: A literature review$$$ Cerebellar ataxias are a heterogenous group of degenerative disorders for which we currently lack effective and disease-modifying interventions. The field of non-invasive brain stimulation has made much progress in the development of specific stimulation protocols to modulate cerebellar excitability and try to restore the physiological activity of the cerebellum in patients with ataxia. In light of limited evidence-based pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic treatment options for patients with ataxia, several different non-invasive brain stimulation protocols have emerged, particularly employing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) or transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) techniques. In this review, we summarize the most relevant rTMS and tDCS therapeutic trials and discuss their implications in the care of patients with degenerative ataxias.
Antidepressant Efficacy of Prolonged Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation Monotherapy for Recurrent Depression and Comparison of Methods for Coil Positioning: A Randomized, Double-Blind, Sham-Controlled Study$$$ Background: Prolonged intermittent theta burst stimulation (piTBS) with triple doses of the standard protocol is an updated form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, and it is an effective add-on intervention for major depressive disorder. In the present study, our objective was to investigate the antidepressant efficacy of piTBS monotherapy. Efficacy between the standard 5-cm method and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI)–guided coil positioning to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex method was also compared. Methods: In the present double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial, 105 patients with recurrent depression who exhibited no responses to at least one adequate antidepressant treatment for the prevailing episode were assigned randomly to one of three groups: piTBS monotherapy (n = 35), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation monotherapy (n = 35), or sham stimulation (n = 35). The acute treatment period was 2 weeks. Half of the patients were randomized to MRI navigation in each group. Results: No serious adverse events were observed. The piTBS group exhibited significantly greater decreases in depression scores than the sham group at week 2 (−40.0% vs. −13.9%; p <.001 after correcting for multiple comparisons by Bonferroni [effect size (Cohen's d) = 1.12]), and the odds ratio for responses was high. The MRI navigation method (−32.4%) did not yield better antidepressant effects than the standard method (−40.6%). Brain stimulation and 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale changes in the first week were the most important variables for predicting antidepressant responses. Conclusions: Left prefrontal piTBS monotherapy is effective for the treatment of recurrent depression, and the MRI-guided method of coil targeting is not better than the standard method.
Neurocognitive Effects of Combined Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) and Venlafaxine in Geriatric Depression: Phase 1 of the PRIDE Study$$$ Objective: There is limited information regarding the tolerability of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) combined with pharmacotherapy in elderly adults with major depressive disorder (MDD). Addressing this gap, we report acute neurocognitive outcomes from Phase 1 of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study. Methods: Elderly adults (age ≥60) with MDD received an acute course of 6 times seizure threshold right unilateral ultrabrief pulse (RUL-UB) ECT. Venlafaxine was initiated during the first treatment week and continued throughout the study. A comprehensive neurocognitive battery was administered at baseline and 72 hours following the last ECT session. Statistical significance was defined as a two-sided p-value of less than 0.05. Results: A total of 240 elderly adults were enrolled. Neurocognitive performance acutely declined post ECT on measures of psychomotor and verbal processing speed, autobiographical memory consistency, short-term verbal recall and recognition of learned words, phonemic fluency, and complex visual scanning/cognitive flexibility. The magnitude of change from baseline to end for most neurocognitive measures was modest. Conclusion: This is the first study to characterize the neurocognitive effects of combined RUL-UB ECT and venlafaxine in elderly adults with MDD and provides new evidence for the tolerability of RUL-UB ECT in an elderly sample. Of the cognitive domains assessed, only phonemic fluency, complex visual scanning, and cognitive flexibility qualitatively declined from low average to mildly impaired. While some acute changes in neurocognitive performance were statistically significant, the majority of the indices as based on the effect sizes remained relatively stable.
Dorsomedial prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-refractory major depressive disorder: A three-arm, blinded, randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a novel intervention for treatment-refractory depression (TRD). To date, many open-label case series and one randomized controlled trial of modest sample size have provided preliminary evidence that DMPFC-rTMS is an effective treatment for TRD. Here, we report the results of a large, double-blinded, sham-controlled trial of DMPFC-rTMS for TRD. Objective: The primary aim of this study was to determine the efficacy of DMPFC-rTMS for TRD under sham-controlled conditions. Methods: 120 TRD patients were randomized to receive 30 twice-daily sessions of either active high-frequency, active low-frequency, or sham DMPFC-rTMS using a novel bent active/sham double-cone coil. Placebo stimulation also involved the use of surface electrodes placed above the eyebrows. The 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression served as the primary outcome measure. Results: Although there was a significant main effect of treatment across all arms, active DMPFC-rTMS was not superior to sham. Both participants and assessors were unable to accuracy determine whether patients received active or placebo stimulation. However, technicians’ treatment arm guesses were significantly above chance. Conclusion: DMPFC rTMS did not result in improvement of depressive symptoms greater than sham stimulation. We cannot rule out that the sham apparatus may also have elicited an antidepressant effect via electrical trigeminal stimulation; future DMPFC-rTMS trials are therefore warranted.
Blonanserin vs risperidone in Japanese patients with schizophrenia: A post hoc analysis of a phase 3, 8-week, multicenter, double-blind, randomized controlled study$$$ Objective: To report the efficacy and safety of blonanserin in patients with schizophrenia compared with risperidone in a Japanese multicenter, randomized, double-blind study based on post hoc sensitivity analysis in addition to the previous results reported by Miura and discuss the current approaches for schizophrenia treatment. Methods: Of 302 patients randomized, 156 received blonanserin (8-24 mg/d) and 145 received risperidone (2-6 mg/d) for 8 weeks. Efficacy variables included the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) total score for the primary outcome, PANSS subscale, Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), and Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I) for secondary outcomes. Safety variables included treatment-emergent adverse events, Drug Induced Extrapyramidal Symptoms Scale scores, laboratory data, vital signs, electrocardiogram, etc. Results: Blonanserin was not inferior to risperidone in the change in PANSS total score at a non-inferior margin of −7 (intergroup difference, −0.46; 95% CI, −4.40 to 3.48). Post hoc analyses wholly supported the primary result. No major difference was found in the changes in BPRS scores and the improvement rate on CGI-I between the drugs. The incidence of adverse events was similar in the two drugs. Blonanserin was associated with a lower risk of prolactin increase, weight gain, and orthostatic hypotension compared with risperidone. However, blonanserin was associated with a higher incidence of akathisia and excitability compared with risperidone. Most of the adverse events were mild to moderate in severity with no specific events of predominant high severity in the both drugs. Conclusions: Blonanserin exerted the similar efficacy to risperidone in both positive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia with a lower risk of prolactin increase, weight gain, and orthostatic hypotension compared with risperidone. Blonanserin will serve as a favorable treatment option for schizophrenia in daily clinical practice.
Transcranial direct current stimulation associated with physical-therapy in acute stroke patients - A randomized, triple blind, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation has been increasing in popularity in the last few years. Despite vast amounts of articles on the use of tDCS on stroke patients, very little has been done during the acute phase. Objectives: Measure the effects of tDCS on functional and sensory outcomes throughout the first year post onset of stroke. Methods: 50 acute stroke patients were randomized and placed into either the treatment or sham group. Anodal tDCS was applied (2 mA, 20 min) 5 times a week during the first month post stroke. Patients were evaluated with the Wolf Motor Function Test, the Semmes Weinstein Monofilament Test, the Upper Extremity section (UEFM), the Lower Extremity section (LEFM) and the Somatosensory section of the Fugl Meyer Test, the Tardieu Spasticity Scale, the Stroke Impact Scale (SIS), the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the Barthel Index. Evaluations were held at 48 h post stroke, week 1, 2, 3, 4, 3 months, 6 months and 1 year. Results: There were statistically and clinically significant improvements after tDCS in all functional motor outcomes, and somatosensory functions. Differences between both groups for the main outcome (WMFT time) were 51% (p = 0.04) at one month, and 57% (p = 0.02) at one year. Conclusion: tDCS seems to be an effective adjuvant to conventional rehabilitation techniques. If applied in the acute stages of stroke, functional recovery is not only accelerated, but improved, and results are maintained up to one-year post stroke.
Cost–Utility Analysis of Electroconvulsive Therapy and Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Depression in Ontario$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and combining both treatments in a stepped care pathway for patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in Ontario. Methods: A cost–utility analysis evaluated the lifetime costs and benefits to society of rTMS and ECT as first-line treatments for TRD using a Markov model, which simulates the costs and health benefits of patients over their lifetime. Health states included acute treatment, maintenance treatment, remission, and severe depression. Treatment efficacy and health utility data were extracted and synthesized from randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses evaluating these techniques. Direct costing data were obtained from national and provincial costing databases. Indirect costs were derived from government records. Scenario, threshold, and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed to test robustness of the results. Results: rTMS dominated ECT, as it was less costly and produced better health outcomes, measured in quality-adjusted life years (QALYs), in the base case scenario. rTMS patients gained an average of 0.96 additional QALYs (equivalent to approximately 1 year in perfect health) over their lifetime with costs that were $46,094 less than ECT. rTMS remained dominant in the majority of scenario and threshold analyses. However, results from scenarios in which the model’s maximum lifetime allowance of rTMS treatment courses was substantially limited, the dominance of rTMS over ECT was attenuated. The scenario that showed the highest QALY gain (1.19) and the greatest cost-savings ($46,614) was when rTMS nonresponders switched to ECT. Conclusion: From a societal perspective utilizing a lifetime horizon, rTMS is a cost-effective first-line treatment option for TRD relative to ECT, as it is less expensive and produces better health outcomes. The reduced side effect profile and greater patient acceptability of rTMS that allow it to be administered more times than ECT in a patient’s lifetime may contribute to its cost-effectiveness.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on hand dexterity in multiple sclerosis: A design for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Cerebellar and motor tracts are frequently impaired in multiple sclerosis (MS). Altered hand dexterity constitutes a challenge in clinical practice, since medical treatment shows very limited benefits in this domain. Cerebellar control is made via several cerebellocortical pathways, of which the most studied one links the cerebellum to the contralateral motor cortex via the contralateral ventro-intermediate nucleus of the thalamus influencing the corticospinal outputs. Modulating the activity of the cerebellum or of the motor cortex could be of help. Method: The main interest here is to evaluate the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a noninvasive brain stimulation technique, in treating altered dexterity in MS. Forty-eight patients will be recruited in a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, and crossover study. They will randomly undergo one of the three interventions: anodal tDCS over the primary motor area, cathodal tDCS over the cerebellum, or sham. Each block consists of five consecutive daily sessions with direct current (2 mA), lasting 20 min each. The primary outcome will be the improvement in manual dexterity according to the change in the time required to complete the nine-hole pegboard task. Secondary outcomes will include fatigue, pain, spasticity, and mood. Patients’ safety and satisfaction will be rated. Discussion: Due to its cost-effective, safe, and easy-to-use profile, motor or cerebellar tDCS may constitute a potential tool that might improve dexterity in MS patients and therefore ameliorate their quality of life.
Neurocognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in unipolar and bipolar depression: Findings from an international randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been found to have antidepressant effects and may have beneficial neurocognitive effects. However, prior research has produced an unclear understanding of the neurocognitive effects of repeated exposure to tDCS. The study's aim was to determine the neurocognitive effects following tDCS treatment in participants with unipolar or bipolar depression. Method: The study was a triple-masked, randomized, controlled clinical trial across six international academic medical centers. Participants were randomized to high dose (2.5 mA for 30 min) or low dose (0.034 mA, for 30 min) tDCS for 20 sessions over 4 weeks, followed by an optional 4 weeks of open-label high dose treatment. The tDCS anode was centered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at F3 (10/20 EEG system) and the cathode over F8. Participants completed clinical and neurocognitive assessments before and after tDCS. Genotype (BDNF Val66Met and catechol-o-methyltransferase [COMT] Val158Met polymorphisms) were explored as potential moderators of neurocognitive effects. Results: The study randomized 130 participants. Across the participants, tDCS treatment (high and low dose) resulted in improvements in verbal learning and recall, selective attention, information processing speed, and working memory, which were independent of mood effects. Similar improvements were observed in the subsample of participants with bipolar disorder. There was no observed significant effect of tDCS dose. However, BDNF Val66Met and COMT Val158Met polymorphisms interacted with tDCS dose and affected verbal memory and verbal fluency outcomes, respectively. Conclusions: These findings suggest that tDCS could have positive neurocognitive effects in unipolar and bipolar depression. Thus, tDCS stimulation parameters may interact with interindividual differences in BDNF and COMT polymorphisms to affect neurocognitive outcomes, which warrants further investigation.
Repetitive Magnetic Stimulation for the Management of Peripheral Neuropathic Pain: A Systematic Review$$$ Introduction: Repetitive magnetic stimulation (rMS) is a safe and well-tolerated intervention. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is used for the treatment of depression and for the treatment and prevention of migraine. Over the last few years, several reports and randomised controlled studies of the use of rMS for the treatment of pain have been published. The aim of this systematic review was to identify the available literature regarding the use of rMS in the treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain. Methods: After a systematic Medline search we identified 12 papers eligible to be included in this review. Results: The majority of the studies were on patients with phantom limb pain, followed by radiculopathy, plexopathy, post-traumatic pain and peripheral neuropathy. The treatment protocols vary significantly from study to study and, therefore, pooling the results together is currently difficult. However, rMS has a definite immediate effect in pain relief which, in the majority of studies, is maintained for a few weeks. Conclusion: rMS seems to be a promising intervention in the treatment of peripheral neuropathic pain. Further research is in the field is needed. Use of neuronavigation might increase the precision of stimulation and subsequently its effectiveness.
Accelerated magnetic seizure therapy (aMST) for treatment of major depressive disorder: A pilot study$$$ Background: : Magnetic Seizure therapy (MST) is an emerging treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) that is associated with fewer cognitive side effects compared to electroconvulsive therapy. The present pilot study sought to investigate whether daily MST treatments were associated to antidepressant effect and assess cognitive side effects associated with an accelerated MST (aMST) treatment schedule. Methods: : Fifteen MDD patients underwent a six-day course of MST treatment to the vertex following assessment of symptom severity and neuropsychological testing. The primary outcome was severity on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression 17-item (HRSD-17). Patient also underwent neuropsychological assessment with the RBANS and Stroop Colour-Word test. Results: : There were no instances of delirium or disturbance of consciousness following aMST sessions. Patients showed significant decreases on indices of depression and anxiety symptoms, with 9 (60%) patients showing a clinical response and 7 (47%) patients experiencing remission. Significant improvements were reported in RBANS total score, as well as indices of immediate memory and delayed memory. No changes at follow-up were reported for visuospatial/constructional, language, and attention RBANS indices, nor for Stroop Colour/Word performance. Limitations: : The results should be interpreted with caution as they are part of a non-randomized, open-label pilot study. Further, the short duration of the study does not provide longitudinal follow-up to determine whether treatment response lasts a meaningful duration of time. Conclusions: : aMST well tolerated without significant evidence of cognitive side effects and rapid improvement in symptoms. Further research is required to fully characterize these changes and replicate them in independent samples.
Effects of the Anaesthetic-ECT time interval and ventilation rate on seizure quality in electroconvulsive therapy: A prospective randomised trial$$$ Background: The anaesthetic approach adopted in ECT practice has the potential to influence patient outcomes. However, the impact of the time interval between anaesthetic induction and ECT stimulus administration has not been studied prospectively to date. This variable may represent an indirect measure of anaesthetic concentration at the time of stimulation, and therefore may influence the quality of seizures induced. Objective: To examine the impact of the anaesthetic to ECT stimulus time interval, and ventilation rate pre-treatment, on ictal seizure quality. Methods: In a prospective, crossover trial, 54 depressed participants were randomised to variations in anaesthetic technique at four sequential ECT treatment sessions, in a 2 x 2 design: randomisation to a short or long anaesthetic-ECT time interval, and randomisation to normal ventilation or hyperventilation during anaesthetic induction with thiopentone. Ictal EEG data were collected at each study session and assessed by a blinded rater for ictal quality (seizure amplitude, regularity, post-ictal suppression and general seizure quality), using a quantitative-qualitative structured rating scale. Linear mixed effects models were used to analyse the effect of the anaesthetic-ECT time interval, and that of ventilation rate, on seizure quality indices. Results: The anaesthetic-ECT time interval had a significant impact on ictal EEG quality indices (p < 0.01), with longer time intervals producing higher quality seizures. Ventilation rate did not significantly influence quality measures. Conclusion: The time between anaesthetic induction and ECT stimulus administration has a significant impact on ictal EEG seizure quality. Conversely, manipulations of ventilation rate did not significantly affect seizure quality. These results suggest the anaesthetic-ECT time interval should be routinely monitored clinically and potentially optimised for maximising seizure quality with ECT.
Effects of adding dexmedetomidine to ketamine on heart rate and blood pressure changs in psychiatric patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is used to treat generalized seizures in psychiatric diseases. The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of adding dexmedetomidine to ketamine on heart rate and blood pressure changes in in psychiatric patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) Materials and Methods: In this randomized, double-blind randomized clinical trial, taken place at the Alzahra Subspecialty Medical Center (Isfahan, Iran) between 2018-2019. Fifty patients who were candidate for undergoing ECT entered the study and were divided into two groups namely A and B. The group A received a package containing 0.5 mg/kg succinylcholine and 1.5 mg/kg ketamine plus 0.1 mg/kg dexmedetomidine, and the group B received a medicine package containing 0.5 mg/kg succinylcholine and 1.5 mg/kg ketamine plus normal saline. The hemodynamic variables and side effects of the two drug classes were evaluated and compared to each other. Results: The durations of spontaneous respiratory recovery from seizure termination, end seizure to complete consciousness and recovery in the group A was significantly lower than the group B (P<0.001). However, the mean of systolic blood pressure and mean arterial blood pressure after the end of seizure was significantly less in the group A than the group B, but the mean of SPO2 in the fifth minute in the group B was significantly lower than the group A. However, the frequency of nausea and muscle pain in the group B was significantly higher than the group A. Conclusion: The addition of dexmedetomidine to ketamine in the candidate patients for ECT can shorten the duration of seizure, recovery time, respiratory depression, and also reduce complications such as nausea, muscle pain and oxygen depletion.
Safety and efficacy of GABAA α5 antagonist S44819 in patients with ischaemic stroke: a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: S44819, a selective GABAA α5 receptor antagonist, reduces tonic post-ischaemic inhibition of the peri-infarct cortex. S44819 improved stroke recovery in rodents and increased cortical excitability in a transcranial magnetic stimulation study in healthy volunteers. The Randomized Efficacy and Safety Trial of Oral GABAA α5 antagonist S44819 after Recent ischemic Event (RESTORE BRAIN) aimed to evaluate the safety and efficacy of S44819 for enhancing clinical recovery of patients with ischaemic stroke. Methods: RESTORE BRAIN was an international, randomised, double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled, multicentre phase 2 trial that evaluated the safety and efficacy of oral S44189 in patients with recent ischaemic stroke. The study was done in specialised stroke units in 92 actively recruiting centres in 14 countries: ten were European countries (Belgium, Czech Republic, France, Germany, Hungary, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Spain, and the UK) and four were non-European countries (Australia, Brazil, Canada, and South Korea). Patients aged 18–85 years with acute ischaemic stroke involving cerebral cortex (National Institute of Health Stroke Scale [NIHSS] score 7–20) without previous disability were eligible for inclusion. Participants were randomly assigned to receive 150 mg S44819 twice a day, 300 mg S44819 twice a day, or placebo twice a day by a balanced, non-adaptive randomisation method with a 1:1:1 ratio. Treatment randomisation and allocation were centralised via the interactive web response system using computer-generated random sequences with a block size of 3. Blinding of treatment was achieved by identical appearance and taste of all sachets. Patients, investigators and individuals involved in the analysis of the trial were masked to group assignment. The primary endpoint was the modified Rankin Scale (mRS) score 90 days from onset of treatment, evaluated by shift analysis (predefined main analysis) or by dichotomised analyses using 0–1 versus 2–6 and 0–2 versus 3–6 cutoffs (predefined secondary analysis). Secondary endpoints were the effects of S44819 on the NIHSS and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) scores, time needed to complete parts A and B of the Trail Making Test, and the Barthel index. Efficacy analyses were done on all patients who received at least one dose of treatment and had at least one mRS score taken after day 5 (specifically, on or after day 30). Safety was compared across treatment groups for all patients who received at least one dose of treatment. The study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02877615. Findings: Between Dec 19, 2016, and Nov 16, 2018, 585 patients were enrolled in the study. Of these, 197 (34%) were randomly assigned to receive 150 mg S44819 twice a day, 195 (33%) to receive 300 mg S44819 twice a day, and 193 (33%) to receive placebo twice a day. 189 (96%) of 197 patients in the 150 mg S44819 group, 188 (96%) of 195 patients in the 300 mg S44819 group, and 191 (99%) patients in the placebo group received at least one dose of treatment and had at least one mRS score taken after day 5, and were included in efficacy analyses. 195 (99%) of 197 patients in the 150 mg S44819 group, 194 (99%) of 195 patients in the 300 mg S44819 group, and 193 (100%) patients in the placebo group received at least one dose of treatment, and were included in safety analyses. The primary endpoint of mRS at day 90 did not differ between each of the two S44819 groups and the placebo group (OR 0·91 [95% CI 0·64–1·31]; p=0·80 for 150 mg S44819 compared with placebo and OR 1·17 [95% CI 0·81–1·67]; p=0·80 for 300 mg S44819 compared with placebo). Likewise, dichotomised mRS scores at day 90 (mRS 0–2 vs 3–6 or mRS 0–1 vs 2–6) did not differ between groups. Secondary endpoints did not reveal any significant group differences. The median NIHSS score at day 90 did not differ between groups (4 [IQR 2–8] in 150 mg S44819 group, 4 [2–7] in 300 mg S44819 group, and 4 [2–6] in placebo group), nor did the number of patients at day 90 with an NIHSS score of up to 5 (95 [61%] of 156 in 150 mg S44819 group, 106 [66%] of 161 in 300 mg S44819 group, and 104 [66%] of 157 in placebo group) versus more than 5 (61 [39%] in 150 mg S44819 group, 55 [34%] in 300 mg S44819 group, and 53 [34%] in placebo group). Likewise, the median MoCA score (22·0 [IQR 17·0–26·0] in 150 mg S44819 group, 23·0 [19·0–26·5] in 300 mg S44819 group, and 22·0 [17·0–26·0] in placebo group), time needed to complete parts A (50 s [IQR 42–68] in 150 mg S44819 group, 49 s [36–63] in 300 mg S44819 group, and 50 s [38–68] in placebo group) and B (107 s [81–144] in 150 mg S44819 group, 121 s [76–159] in 300 mg S44819 group, and 130 s [86–175] in placebo group) of the Trail Making Test, and the Barthel index (90 [IQR 60–100] in 150 mg S44819 group, 90 [70–100] in 300 mg S44819 group, and 90 [70–100] in placebo group) were similar in all groups. Number and type of adverse events were similar between the three groups. There were no drug-related adverse events and no drug-related deaths. Interpretation: There was no evidence that S44819 improved clinical outcome in patients after ischaemic stroke, and thus S44819 cannot be recommended for stroke therapy. The concept of tonic inhibition after stroke should be re-evaluated in humans. Funding: Servier.
Efficacy of Low-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Ischemic Stroke: A Double-Blind Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective: To investigate the role of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) along with conventional physiotherapy in the functional recovery of patients with subacute ischemic stroke. Design: Double-blind, parallel group, randomized controlled trial. Setting: The outpatient department of a tertiary hospital participants: first ever ischemic stroke patients (N=96) in the previous 15 days were recruited and were randomized after a run-in period of 75±7 days into real rTMS (n=47) and sham rTMS (n=49) groups. Intervention: Conventional physical therapy was given to both the groups for 90±7 days postrecruitment. Total 10 sessions of low-frequency rTMS on contralesional premotor cortex was administered to real rTMS group (n=47) over a period of 2 weeks followed by physiotherapy regime for 45-50 minutes. Main Outcome Measures: The primary efficacy outcomes were change in modified Barthel Index (mBI) score (pre- to postscore) and proportion of participants with mBI score more than 90, measured at 90±7 days postrecruitment. The secondary outcomes were change in Fugl-Meyer Assessment–upper extremity, Fugl-Meyer Assessment–lower extremity, Hamilton Depression Scale, modified Rankin Scale, and National Institute of Health and Stroke Scale (pre- to post-rTMS) scores at 90±7 days post recruitment. Results: Modified intention to treat analysis showed a significant increase in the mBI score from pre- to post-rTMS in real rTMS group (4.96±4.06) versus sham rTMS group (2.65±3.25). There was no significant difference in proportion of patients with mBI>90 (55% vs 59%; P=.86) at 3 months between the groups. Conclusion: In patients with subacute ischemic stroke, 1-Hz low-frequency rTMS on contralesional premotor cortex along with conventional physical therapy resulted in significant change in mBI score.
Ultrasonic Chinese herbal medication penetration therapy at Tiānshū (天枢 ST25) for opioid-induced constipation with liver stagnation and spleen deficiency$$$ Objectives: To observe the clinical effect on opioid-induced constipation of liver stagnation and spleen deficiency treated with the ultrasonic penetration of the No.1 constipation herbal formula at Tiānshū (天枢 ST25). Methods: A total of 126 patients that were in compliance with the inclusion criteria were randomized into an acupoint group (41 cases), a Chinese medication group (42 cases) and a western medication group (43 cases). In the acupoint group, the ultrasonic penetration of the No.1 constipation herbal formula at bilateral Tiānshū (天枢 ST25) were given. In the Chinese herbal medication group, the No.1 constipation herbal formula was prescribed for oral administration. In the western medication group, polyethylene glycol electrolyte powder was prescribed for oral administration. The treatment was given once a day, for 14 days totally. Before and after treatment, the constipation symptom score, the score of the patient assessment of constipation quality of life (PAC-QOL), the situation of nitric oxide synthetase (NOS) in serum were observed in each group. The safety indicators in the observation included diarrhea, allergic reaction, liver dysfunction, skin lesions, etc. Results: A total of 122 cases accomplished the trial. The total effective rate was 82.5% in the acupoint group, 80.48% in the Chinese medication group and 78.04% in the western medication group. The constipation symptoms were all relieved in the three groups, indicating the statistical significance as compared with those before treatment (P < 0.01, P < 0.05). In the acupoint group and the western medication group, the improvements in the three symptom items, i.e. distention or scurrying pain in the chest, hypochondriac region or the bilateral sides of the abdomen, depression or irritability and poor appetite, were better than the western medication group (P < 0.01, P < 0.05). The improvements in all of the symptoms in the acupoint group were better than the Chinese medication group (all P < 0.05). The PAC-QOL score was improved in each group after treatment and it was different significantly in statistics as compared with that before treatment in each group. After treatment, the improvement of PAC-QOL score in the acupoint group and the Chinese medication group was better than that in the western medication group (both P < 0.05), and the improvement in the acupoint group was better than the Chinese medication group (P < 0.05). As to serum NOS, after treatment, it was different significantly as compared with that before treatment in each group (all P < 0.05), the improvement in the acupoint group was better than that of either the Chinese medication group or the western medication group, indicating the statistical significance (both P < 0.05). The incidence of adverse reaction in the acupoint group was less and different significantly as compared with the western medication group (P < 0.01), and it was different statistically as compared with the Chinese medication group (P < 0.05). Conclusion: The ultrasonic penetration of the No.1 constipation herbal formula at Tiānshū (天枢 ST25) is effective on opioid-induced constipation of liver stagnation and spleen deficiency. This therapy achieves the significant therapeutic effect and presents the good compliance in treatment. Hence, it deserves to be further promoted in clinical application.
Next-step treatment considerations for patients with treatment-resistant depression that responds to low-dose intravenous ketamine$$$ Numerous short-term randomized trials support the acute-phase efficacy of low-dose intravenous (IV) ketamine for patients with treatment-resistant unipolar or bipolar depression. Ketamine's antidepressive effects generally have limited duration, highlighting the need for maintenance treatment after an acute-phase response. It is increasingly likely that psychiatrists will be called upon to manage the care of patients with treatment-resistant unipolar or bipolar depression who have responded acutely to ketamine and to recommend or initiate next-step treatments. However, there is a paucity of controlled evidence to guide best practices for managing treatment of patients with treatment-resistant unipolar or bipolar depression who have had a positive initial response to ketamine. This article reviews the available evidence supporting specific strategies for extending and maintaining acute antidepressive responses to low-dose IV ketamine in patients with treatment-resistant unipolar or bipolar depression and provides some preliminary considerations for clinical practice.
Prognosis and improved outcomes in major depression: A review$$$ Treatment outcomes for major depressive disorder (MDD) need to be improved. Presently, no clinically relevant tools have been established for stratifying subgroups or predicting outcomes. This literature review sought to investigate factors closely linked to outcome and summarize existing and novel strategies for improvement. The results show that early recognition and treatment are crucial, as duration of untreated depression correlates with worse outcomes. Early improvement is associated with response and remission, while comorbidities prolong course of illness. Potential biomarkers have been explored, including hippocampal volumes, neuronal activity of the anterior cingulate cortex, and levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and central and peripheral inflammatory markers (e.g., translocator protein (TSPO), interleukin-6 (IL-6), C-reactive protein (CRP), tumor necrosis factor alpha (TNFa)). However, their integration into routine clinical care has not yet been fully elucidated, and more research is needed in this regard. Genetic findings suggest that testing for CYP450 isoenzyme activity may improve treatment outcomes. Strategies such as managing risk factors, improving clinical trial methodology, and designing structured step-by-step treatments are also beneficial. Finally, drawing on existing guidelines, we outline a sequential treatment optimization paradigm for selecting first-, second-, and third-line treatments for acute and chronically ill patients. Well-established treatments such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are clinically relevant for treatment-resistant populations, and novel transcranial stimulation methods such as theta-burst stimulation (TBS) and magnetic seizure therapy (MST) have shown promising results. Novel rapid-acting antidepressants, such as ketamine, may also constitute a paradigm shift in treatment optimization for MDD.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Treatment of Skin Picking Disorder: An Exploratory Trial$$$ Objectives Skin picking disorder (SPD) falls into the category of "obsessive-compulsive disorder and related disorders" in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Fifth Edition). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment has been reported to be a promising therapy in obsessive-compulsive disorder-related disorders. The purpose of this study was to demonstrate the efficacy of rTMS treatment in patients with SPD. Methods Fifteen patients with SPD were assigned to receive 3 weeks' treatment with either active (n = 8) or sham rTMS targeting the pre-supplementary motor area. Patients were evaluated using the Beck Depression Inventory, Beck Anxiety Inventory, Skin Picking Impact Scale, and the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale Modified for Neurotic Excoriation. Response to treatment was defined as a ≥35% decrease on Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale modified for Neurotic Excoriation. Results Treatment response was achieved in 62.5% of patients (5/8) in the active group and 33.3% of patients (2/6) in the sham group. However, there were no significant differences between the groups in terms of primary and secondary outcomes. Conclusions In this exploratory study, active rTMS could not be demonstrated to be superior over sham in treatment of SPD. The results of this study indicate the need for further rTMS studies to be conducted with larger sample sizes and subtypes of SPD.
Ketamine in the Treatment of Depressive Episodes$$$ The treatment of depressive episodes remains complicated by the long latency of antidepressant efficacy, insufficient response, and high risk of suicide. Ketamine and esketamine have been proposed as fast-acting substances able to overcome these impediments. Since the first randomized controlled trial in the year 2000, numerous studies have explored the antidepressant efficacy of ketamine and esketamine. Clear evidence has emerged that a single infusion exerts a significant antidepressant and antisuicidal effect in both unipolar and bipolar depression. A few studies suggest that antidepressant response can be improved and maintained by repeated administration. Although intravenous application has been most common, subcutaneous, intramuscular, and intranasal application has also been successful. There is some evidence that ketamine may accelerate the response to electroconvulsive therapy without improving the overall response rate. The precise position of ketamine and esketamine within treatment algorithms have yet to be defined, and issues surrounding potential toxicity need to be resolved.
Effects of Low-Dose Ketamine on the Antidepressant Efficacy and Suicidal Ideations in Patients Undergoing Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Objectives It remains controversial whether a subanesthetic dose of ketamine could modulate the antidepressant effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with major depressive disorder. We investigated the effect of ketamine on accelerating the antidepressant efficacy of ECT. Methods One hundred twenty-seven patients with major depressive disorder were included in this randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study. The study group received 0.3 mg/kg ketamine, and the control group received an isovolumetric dose of normal saline before undergoing ECT under propofol anesthesia. The main outcome was the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score after each ECT session. Suicidal ideation (SI) was also evaluated using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. The response, remission, and recurrence rates were analyzed using time-to-event analysis. Results No significant differences were found in the overall response, remission, and relapse rates between the groups (P > 0.05). The median number of ECT sessions for achieving response was 4.0 ± 0.41 in the study group and 7.0 ± 0.79 in the control group (P < 0.05). The median number of ECT sessions for achieving remission in the study and control groups was 8.0 ± 0.29 and 9.0 ± 0.48, respectively (P < 0.05). The median number of ECT sessions for achieving SI reduction in the study and control groups was 3.0 ± 0.75 and 6.0 ± 1.19, respectively (P < 0.05). Conclusions Low-dose ketamine (0.3 mg/kg) could modulate the antidepressant efficacy of ECT via accelerating the onset of its effects and reducing the number of ECT sessions required to obtain response, remission, and SI reduction, without influencing the relapse rates in remitting patients after ECT treatment.
Modeling the effects of sinusoidal stimulation and synaptic plasticity on linked neural oscillators$$$ The brain exhibits intrinsic oscillatory behavior, which plays a vital role in communication and information processing. Abnormalities in brain rhythms have been linked to numerous disorders, including depression and schizophrenia. Rhythmic electrical stimulation (e.g., transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial alternating current stimulation) has been used to modulate these oscillations and produce lasting changes in neural activity. In this computational study, we investigate the combined effects of sinusoidal stimulation and synaptic plasticity on model networks comprised of simple, tunable four-neuron oscillators. While not intended to model a specific brain circuit, this idealization was created to provide some intuition on how electrical modulation can induce plastic changes in the oscillatory state. Linked pairs of oscillators were stimulated with sinusoidal current, and their behavior was measured as a function of their intrinsic frequencies, inter-oscillator synaptic strengths, and stimulus strength and frequency. Under certain stimulus conditions, sinusoidal current can disrupt the network's natural firing patterns. Synaptic plasticity can induce weight imbalances that permanently change the characteristic firing behavior of the network. Grids of 100 oscillators with random frequencies were also subjected to a wide array of stimulus conditions. The characteristics of the post-stimulus network activity depend heavily on the stimulus frequency and amplitude as well as the initial strength of inter-oscillator connections. Synchronization arises at the network level from complex patterns of activity propagation, which are enhanced or disrupted by different stimuli. The findings may prove important to the design of novel neuromodulation treatments and techniques seeking to affect oscillatory activity in the brain.
The effectiveness of attention bias modification with and without trans cranial direct current stimulation in chronic low back pain$$$ Objective: The present study aimed to compare the effect of ABM (attention bias modification) with and without tDCS (transcranial direct current stimulation) on attention bias, pain intensity, and disability due to pain and pain-related psychological consequences, such as depression, anxiety, and stress. Method: Using convenience sampling, 60 individuals who met the criteria for chronic low back pain (LBP) were selected and randomly assigned in to 2 experimental groups and 2 control and sham-tDCS groups. The experimental ABM group received 5 sessions of the dot-probe task, while the second experimental group received 5 sessions of dot-probe task combined with tDCS. Results: The findings indicated that ABM and ABM+tDCS could reduce attention bias and pain-related psychological consequences significantly, compared to the control and sham groups. Also, attention bias and pain outcomes (depression, anxiety, disability due to pain and pain intensity) remained in ABM+tDCS group than in ABM group in a 1-month follow-up. Conclusion: It was found that tDCS + ABM had no additional effects at the end of intervention, but led to more long-lasting effects in 1-month follow-up.
Neural and clinical changes of cognitive behavioural therapy versus talking control in patients with major depression: A study protocol for a randomised clinical trial$$$ While major depression causes substantial distress and impairment for affected individuals and society, the effectiveness of cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) in treating the condition has been established. However, the therapeutic mechanism underlying the efficacy of CBT remains unknown. This study aimed to describe a protocol for a randomised controlled trial that will measure the CBT-induced clinical and neural changes in patients with non-psychotic major depression. Methods and analysis The current study is a 16-week assessor-blinded, randomised, parallel-group trial with a 12-month follow-up as part of usual depression care at an outpatient clinic. Patients aged 20-69 years with major depressive disorder will be randomly assigned to receive either CBT in addition to their usual treatment or talking control in addition to their usual treatment for 16 weeks. The primary outcome is the functional changes in the brain areas that have been associated with future-oriented thinking at 16 weeks; secondary outcomes include changes in functional brain connectivity, severity and changes in the scores of objective and subjective clinical depression symptoms, proportion of responders and remitters and quality of life. The intention-to-treat analysis will be used. Ethics and dissemination All protocols and the informed consent form are compliant with the Ethics Guideline for Clinical Research (Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare). Ethical Review Committees at the Keio University School of Medicine have approved the study protocol (version 3, 11 September 2017). We will disseminate research findings to scientific and general audiences through national and international conference presentations as well as lay summaries to the general public, including mental health consumer and publications in international peer-reviewed psychiatry and brain imaging journals. Trial registration number UMIN Clinical Trials Registry (UMIN000018155); Pre-results.
Baseline functional connectivity may predict placebo responses to accelerated rTMS treatment in major depression$$$ Although in theory sham repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has no inherent therapeutic value, nonetheless, such placebo stimulations may have relevant therapeutic effects in clinically depressed patients. On the other hand, antidepressant responses to sham rTMS are quite heterogeneous across individuals and its neural underpinnings have not been explored yet. The current brain imaging study aims to detect baseline neural fingerprints resulting in clinically beneficial placebo rTMS treatment responses. We collected resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging data prior to a registered randomized clinical trial of accelerated placebo stimulation protocol in patients documented with treatment-resistant depression (http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT01832805). In addition to global brain connectivity and rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) seed-based functional connectivity (FC), elastic-net regression and cross-validation procedures were used to identify baseline intrinsic brain connectivity biomarkers for sham-rTMS responses. Placebo responses to accelerated sham rTMS were correlated with baseline global brain connectivity in the rACC/ventral medial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC). Concerning the rACC seed-based FC analysis, the placebo response was associated positively with the precuneus/posterior cingulate (PCun/PCC) cortex and negatively with the middle frontal gyrus. Our findings provide first brain imaging evidence for placebo responses to sham stimulation being predictable from rACC rsFC profiles, especially in brain areas implicated in (re)appraisal and self-focus processes.
Cognitive changes after tDCS and escitalopram treatment in major depressive disorder: Results from the placebo-controlled ELECT-TDCS trial$$$ Background: Cognitive deficits in major depressive disorder (MDD) are associated with low quality of life and higher suicide risk. Antidepressant drugs have modest to null effects in improving such deficits. Therefore, we investigated the cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), which is a promising antidepressant non-pharmacological intervention, in MDD. Methods: An exploratory analysis on cognitive performance was conducted in 243 depressed patients from the Escitalopram vs. Electric Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study (ELECT-TDCS), a sham-controlled study comparing the efficacy of tDCS vs. escitalopram. A neuropsychological battery was applied at baseline and endpoint (10 weeks of treatment) to create composite cognitive scores (processing speed, working memory, and verbal fluency). Linear mixed regression models were used to evaluate changes according to intervention groups, adjusted for confounding variables (age, years of schooling, gender, and benzodiazepine use) and depression improvement. Results: No cognitive deterioration was observed in any group. Patients receiving tDCS presented reduced practice gains compared to placebo in processing speed. In patients receiving escitalopram vs. placebo and in the subgroup of clinical responders (>50% depression improvement from baseline), those receiving tDCS vs. placebo presented increased performance in verbal fluency. No significant differences between tDCS and escitalopram groups were detected. Limitations: Absence of healthy controls. Conclusion: Prefrontal tDCS did not lead to cognitive deficits in depressed patients, although it reduced practice effects in processing speed. tDCS responders presented increased performance in verbal fluency. Further investigation of tDCS cognitive effects in depression is warranted.
No evidence for any effect of multiple sessions of frontal transcranial direct stimulation on mood in healthy older adults$$$ The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is part of a network important for emotional regulation and the possibility of modulating activity in this region with transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) to change mood has gained great interest, particularly for application in clinical populations. Whilst results in major depressive disorder have been promising, less is known about the effects of TDCS on mood in non-clinical populations. We hypothesized that multiple sessions of anodal TDCS applied over the left DLPFC would enhance mood, primarily as measured by the Profile of Mood States questionnaire, in healthy older adults. In addition, in an exploratory analysis, we examined the potentially moderating role of working memory training. Working memory, just like emotional regulation, taxes the DLPFC, which suggests that engaging in a working memory task whilst receiving TDCS may have a different effect on activity in this region and consequently mood. A total of 123 participants between 65 and 75 years of age were randomly assigned to receive either 20 sessions of TDCS, with or without working memory training, or 20 sessions sham stimulation, with or without working memory training. We found no support for enhancement of mood due to TDCS in healthy older adults, with or without cognitive training and conclude that the TDCS protocol used is unlikely to improve mood in non-depressed older individuals.
Depression and Anxiety in Parkinson Disease$$$ Depression and anxiety are common neuropsychiatric manifestations of Parkinson disease. However, they are often under-recognized because the somatic symptoms of depression often overlap with the motor symptoms of Parkinson disease and there is low self-reporting. Clinicians need to be vigilant about early detection and treatment of anxiety and depression in the patient with Parkinson disease. The development of new therapeutic strategies, including diet, exercise, and counseling along with antidepressants provide a holistic approach to management.
Differences in the immune-inflammatory profiles of unipolar and bipolar depression$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar depression (BD) both share increased immune-inflammatory activation. However, there are unclear patterns of differences in peripheral immune profiles between them. Methods: We examined such differences in 245 MDD and 59 BD patients, recruited in the same center, who were in an acute depressive episode of moderate severity. Hierarchical binary logistic regression analyses and generalized linear models were used to compare levels of plasma biomarkers between groups and to predict dichotomous classification. Results: Interleukin (IL)-1β, tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α, soluble TNF receptor (sTNFR)1, IL-12 and IL-10 were significantly higher in MDD than in BD, whereas IL-6, sTNFR2, IL-18, IL-33, ST2 (IL1R Like 1) and KLOTHO were significantly higher in BD than in MDD. Moreover, logistic regression analyses correctly classified BD and MDD patients with 98.1% accuracy, using a combination of IL-6, IL-8, ST2, sTNFR2 (directly associated with BD) and IL-12 and TNF-α (directly associated with MDD). Patients with MDD with melancholic features showed higher IL-1β levels than those without melancholia. The sTNFR1 / sTNFR2 ratio significantly predicted MDD and state and trait anxiety and negative affect. Results remained significant after covariate adjustment, including drug use. Limitations: Cross-sectional study. Lack of control comparison group. Differences in exposure to medications among participants. Conclusions: Differences in immune profiles between BD and MDD patients exist, especially for the compensatory immune-regulatory system (CIRS): increased IL-10 is the primary immune-regulatory mechanism in MDD, while increased sTNFR2 and KLOTHO are the primary regulatory mechanisms in BD.
Augmenting the unified protocol for transdiagnostic treatment of emotional disorders with transcranial direct current stimulation in individuals with generalized anxiety disorder and comorbid depression: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: The aim of the current study was to compare the Unified Protocol for Transdiagnostic Treatment of Emotional Disorders (UP) with and without transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in individuals suffering from generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and comorbid depression. Methods: A total of 43 individuals diagnosed with GAD and comorbid depression enrolled in a randomized controlled trial (IRCT20140929019334N1). Participants were randomly assigned to three groups including UP with tDCS (UP+tDCS; n = 15), UP alone (UP; n = 13) or wait-list control (n = 15). GAD and depression symptoms, worry severity, anxiety sensitivity, and intolerance of uncertainty were assessed at baseline, post-treatment and 3-month follow-up. Results: Treatment with both UP+tDCS and UP alone resulted in significant lower ratings across all measures relative to wait-list controls at post-treatment and 3-month follow-up (all p-values <0.001). UP+tDCS showed significantly greater reductions in anxiety (p = 0.001 post-treatment; p = 0.003 follow-up), worry (p = 0.001 post-treatment; p = 0.002 follow-up), and anxiety sensitivity (p = 0.003 post-treatment; p = 0.002 follow-up) relative to UP alone. Limitations: The present study had some limitations. First, the sample size was low. Another limitation was the use of a short-term follow-up. Conclusions: These results suggest augmenting UP treatment with tDCS may be an efficacious strategy to improve treatment outcomes in GAD with comorbid depression. Trial registration reference is IRCT20140929019334N1 (see https://irct.ir/trial/27988).
P.402 Transcranial magnetic stimulation in obsessive compulsive disorder: a double-blind, cross over, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Introduction: It has been shown that orbitofrontal activity is increased by provoking symptoms in Obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) patients. Moreover, the improvement in obsessive-compulsive symptoms with SSRIs or cognitive behavioral therapies is associated with decreased Orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) activation. These findings suggest that methods to decrease OFC activation may be effective in the treatment of OCD patients. Despite these findings, to the best of our knowledge, there are only two rTMS studies targeting OFC in OCD patients. In both studies, 1Hz frequency stimuli were applied to OFC region. The first study was a randomized sham-controlled but non blind study [1]. In this study, it was reported that rTMS treatment significantly reduced symptoms compared to placebo. In the other study, which identified OFK as the target region, it was reported that there was no statistical significance when compared with placebo, although there was only one tendency for significance [2]. Aim: In this study, the effectiveness of low-frequency (1 Hz-thought to be inhibitory) rTMS on the Orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) in treatment resistant OCD cases was investigated. Method: Thirty-four treatment resistant OCD patients were included in the study. The patients were randomly divided into two groups. The patients were given TMS twice a day. One group (n=19) received active rTMS in between 0-2 weeks and sham rTMS in between 2-4 weeks. The opposite was applied for the other group (n=15). Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsion Scale (Y-BOCS), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale was used three times: before the treatment (week 0), in the middle of the cross-over phase (week 2), and at the end of the study (week 4). During the study, no change was made in the drug treatments used by the patients. Mann-Whitney U test was used to compare independent group differences and Chi-square analysis was used to examine differences between categorical variables. Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the two groups in terms of age, gender, marital status, education level, age of onset of disease and number of hospitalizations. (p>0.05). However, rTMS-Placebo Group's disease duration was significantly higher than the other group (p=0.028). In this study, the decrease in the total scores of Y-BOCS scores was not over 35% for any patient at the end of the 4-week study period. In addition, no statistically significant difference was found between the percentage changes of the 0-2 week, 0-4 week, and 2-4 week scores between the two groups with regard to Y-BOCS scores (Table 1). Conclusion: Our study suggests that rTMS applied to the OFC region is not an effective treatment for ad-on treatment in OCD in a relatively larger patient group compared to these studies. Contrary to expectations, a rTMS study on medial prefrontal cortex (MPC) and anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) reported that low frequency deep TMS was not effective in OCD patients [3]. In this study, contrary to expectations, it was concluded that high frequency stimulation of ACC and MPC is effective in treatment. These results suggest that it would not be appropriate to simplify the neuromodulation mechanisms of tms in an activating-inhibitory manner.
A randomized controlled trial of 5 daily sessions and continuous trial of 4 weekly sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain$$$ We conducted a multicenter, randomized, patient- and assessor-blinded, sham-controlled trial to investigate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary motor cortex (M1) in patients with neuropathic pain (NP). Patients were randomly assigned to receive 5 daily sessions of active or sham rTMS of M1 corresponding to the part of the body experiencing the worst pain (500 pulses per session at 5 Hz). Responders were invited to enroll in an open-label continuous trial involving 4 weekly sessions of active rTMS. The primary outcome was a mean decrease in a visual analogue scale of pain intensity (scaled 0-100 mm) measured daily during the daily sessions in an intention-to-treat population. Secondary outcomes were other pain scores, quality-of-life measures, and depression score. One hundred forty-four patients were assigned to the active or sham stimulation groups. The primary outcome, mean visual analogue scale decreases, was not significantly different (P = 0.58) between the active stimulation group (mean, 8.0) and the sham group (9.2) during the daily sessions. The secondary outcomes were not significantly different between 2 groups. The patients enrolled in the continuous weekly rTMS achieved more pain relief in the active stimulation group compared with the sham (P < 0.01). No serious adverse events were observed. Five daily sessions of rTMS with stimulus conditions used in this trial were ineffective in short-term pain relief in the whole study population with various NP. Long-term administration to the responders should be investigated for the clinical use of rTMS on NP in the future trials.
Pharmacological, psychological, and non-invasive brain stimulation interventions for treating depression after stroke$$$ Background: Depression is an important morbidity associated with stroke that impacts on recovery yet often undetected or inadequately treated. This is an update and expansion of a Cochrane Review first published in 2004 and updated in 2008. Objectives: Primary objective. • To determine whether pharmacological therapy, non-invasive brain stimulation, psychological therapy, or combinations of these interventions reduce the prevalence of diagnosable depression after stroke. Secondary objectives. • To determine whether pharmacological therapy, non-invasive brain stimulation, psychological therapy, or combinations of these interventions reduce levels of depressive symptoms, improve physical and neurological function and health-related quality of life, and reduce dependency after stroke. • To assess the safety of and adherence to such treatments. Search methods: We searched the Specialised Registers of Cochrane Stroke and Cochrane Depression Anxiety and Neurosis (last searched August 2018), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL; 2018, Issue 1), in the Cochrane Library, MEDLINE (1966 to August 2018), Embase (1980 to August 2018), the Cumulative Index to Nursing and Alllied Health Literature (CINAHL) (1982 to August 2018), PsycINFO (1967 to August 2018), and Web of Science (2002 to August 2018). We also searched reference lists, clinical trial registers (World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform (WHO ICTRP) to August 2018; ClinicalTrials.gov to August 2018), and conference proceedings, and we contacted study authors. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials comparing (1) pharmacological interventions with placebo; (2) one of various forms of non-invasive brain stimulation with sham stimulation or usual care; (3) one of various forms of psychological therapy with usual care and/or attention control; (4) pharmacological intervention and various forms of psychological therapy with pharmacological intervention and usual care and/or attention control; (5) non-invasive brain stimulation and pharmacological intervention with pharmacological intervention and sham stimulation or usual care; (6) pharmacological intervention and one of various forms of psychological therapy with placebo and psychological therapy; (7) pharmacological intervention and non-invasive brain stimulation with placebo plus non-invasive brain stimulation; (8) non-invasive brain stimulation and one of various forms of psychological therapy versus non-invasive brain stimulation plus usual care and/or attention control; and (9) non-invasive brain stimulation and one of various forms of psychological therapy versus sham brain stimulation or usual care plus psychological therapy, with the intention of treating depression after stroke. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently selected studies, assessed risk of bias, and extracted data from all included studies. We calculated mean difference (MD) or standardised mean difference (SMD) for continuous data, and risk ratio (RR) for dichotomous data, with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). We assessed heterogeneity using the I² statistic and certainty of the evidence according to GRADE. Main results: We included 49 trials (56 comparisons) with 3342 participants. Data were available for: (1) pharmacological interventions with placebo (with 20 pharmacological comparisons); (2) one of various forms of non-invasive brain stimulation with sham stimulation or usual care (with eight non-invasive brain stimulation comparisons); (3) one of various forms of psychological therapy with usual care and/or attention control (with 16 psychological therapy comparisons); (4) pharmacological intervention and various forms of psychological therapy with pharmacological intervention and usual care and/or attention control (with two comparisons); and (5) non-invasive brain stimulation and pharmacological intervention with pharmacological intervention and sham stimulation or usual care (with 10 comparisons). We found no trials for the following comparisons: (6) pharmacological intervention and various forms of psychological therapy interventions versus placebo and psychological therapy; (7) pharmacological intervention and non-invasive brain stimulation versus placebo plus non-invasive brain stimulation; (8) non-invasive brain stimulation and one of various forms of psychological therapy versus non-invasive brain stimulation plus usual care and/or attention control; and (9) non-invasive brain stimulation and one of various forms of psychological therapy versus sham brain stimulation or usual care plus psychological therapy. Treatment effects observed: very low-certainty evidence from eight trials suggests that pharmacological interventions decreased the number of people meeting study criteria for depression (RR 0.70, 95% CI 0.55 to 0.88; 1025 participants) at end of treatment, and very low-certainty evidence from six trials suggests that pharmacological interventions decreased the number of people with less than 50% reduction in depression scale scores at end of treatment (RR 0.47, 95% CI 0.32 to 0.69; 511 participants) compared to placebo. No trials of non-invasive brain stimulation reported on meeting study criteria for depression at end of treatment. Only one trial of non-invasive brain stimulation reported on the outcome <50% reduction in depression scale scores; thus, we were unable to perform a meta-analysis for this outcome. Very low-certainty evidence from six trials suggests that psychological therapy decreased the number of people meeting the study criteria for depression at end of treatment (RR 0.77, 95% CI 0.62 to 0.95; 521 participants) compared to usual care/attention control. No trials of combination therapies reported on the number of people meeting the study criteria for depression at end of treatment. Only one trial of combination (non-invasive brain stimulation and pharmacological intervention) therapy reported <50% reduction in depression scale scores at end of treatment. Thus, we were unable to perform a meta-analysis for this outcome. Five trials reported adverse events related to the central nervous system (CNS) and noted significant harm in the pharmacological interventions group (RR 1.55, 95% CI 1.12 to 2.15; 488 participants; very low-certainty evidence). Four trials found significant gastrointestinal adverse events in the pharmacological interventions group (RR 1.62, 95% CI 1.19 to 2.19; 473 participants; very low-certainty evidence) compared to the placebo group. No significant deaths or adverse events were found in the psychological therapy group compared to the usual care/attention control group. Non-invasive brain stimulation interventions and combination therapies resulted in no deaths. Authors' conclusions: Very low-certainty evidence suggests that pharmacological or psychological therapies can reduce the prevalence of depression. This very low-certainty evidence suggests that pharmacological therapy, psychological therapy, non-invasive brain stimulation, and combined interventions can reduce depressive symptoms. Pharmacological intervention was associated with adverse events related to the CNS and the gastrointestinal tract. More research is required before recommendations can be made about the routine use of such treatments.
A pilot study of transcranial alternating current stimulation in the treatment of drug-naive adult patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: To explore the efficacy, adverse reactions, feasibility, and acceptability of transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) treating drug-naive adult patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), and provide basis for further study with a large sample. Methods: The study was performed in the Neuromodulation laboratory, Department of Neurology of Xuanwu Hospital, Capital Medical University (Beijing, China) from July, 2017 to June, 2018. Thirty Eligible first-episode MDD outpatients were randomized 1∶1 to receive active tACS or sham intervention. The tACS was administered in a 40 minute, 77.5 Hz frequency, 15 mA session with one forehead (Fp1, Fpz, and Fp2, in the 10/20 international placement system, 4.45 cm×9.53 cm) and two mastoid (3.18 cm×3.81 cm) stimulation for 20 times in 4 consecutive weeks at fixed day time frame once daily from Monday through Friday, with weekends off (week 4), followed by 4 weeks with no tACS treatment (week 8). By utilizing the Hamilton rating scale for depression-17 item (HRSD-17) to assess the depressive severity of MDD patients, adverse events were administered by the treatment-emergent adverse events, the Young mania rating scale, and the self-made common questionnaire on cranial electrical stimulation. The primary efficacy outcome was the remission rate defined as HRSD-17 score ≤7 at week 8. Secondary outcomes included the rates of remission at week 4 and response at weeks 4 and 8. Safety was assessed by evaluation of adverse events. Also the proportions of participants accepting the intervention and this study procedure were evaluated at weeks 4 and 8. Results: Thirty MDD patients completed the study, and both groups had no statistical differences on their demographic characteristics (P>0.05). At week 8, the active group had a remission rate of 10/15, which was higher than 3/15 in the sham group (P<0.05). Also, the remission rate (14/15) in the active group was higher than 5/15 of the sham group at week 4 (P<0.05). For the response rates, significant differences were found between groups at week 8. For safety, both groups showed no severe adverse events and no mania/hypomania. One participant per group had 2 times of tinnitus cerebri during the intervention days. All patients accepted the intervention and the study procedure. Conclusions: The pilot study indicated that tACS with 77.5 Hz and 15 mA may have a therapeutic effect on depressive symptoms. It is well-tolerated and safe, as well as feasible and acceptable for adults with MDD.
Treatment of Persistent Post-Traumatic Headache and Post-Concussion Symptoms Using Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Pilot, Double-Blind, Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Persistent post-traumatic headache (PTH) after mild traumatic brain injury is one of the most prominent and highly reported persistent post-concussion symptoms (PPCS). Non-pharmacological treatments, including non-invasive neurostimulation technologies, have been proposed for use. Our objective was to evaluate headache characteristics at 1 month after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment in participants with PTH and PPCS. A double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled, pilot clinical trial was performed on 20 participants (18-65 years) with persistent PTH (International Classification of Headache Disorders, 3rd edition) and PPCS (International Classification of Diseases, Tenth Revision). Ten sessions of rTMS therapy (10 Hz, 600 pulses, 70% resting motor threshold amplitude) were delivered to the left dorsolateral pre-frontal cortex. The primary outcome was a change in headache frequency or severity at 1 month post-rTMS. Two-week-long daily headache diaries and clinical questionnaires assessing function, PPCS, cognition, quality of life, and mood were completed at baseline, post-treatment, and at 1, 3, and 6 months post-rTMS. A two-way (treatment × time) mixed analyisis of variance indicated a significant overall time effect for average headache severity (F(3,54) = 3.214; p = 0.03) and a reduction in headache frequency at 1 month post-treatment (#/2 weeks, REAL -5.2 [standard deviation {SD} = 5.8]; SHAM, -3.3 [SD = 7.7]). Secondary outcomes revealed an overall time interaction for headache impact, depression, post-concussion symptoms, and quality of life. There was a significant reduction in depression rating in the REAL group between baseline and 1 month post-treatment, with no change in the SHAM group (Personal Health Questionnaire-9; REAL, -4.3 [SD = 3.7[ p = 0.020]; SHAM, -0.7 [SD = 4.7; p = 1.0]; Bonferroni corrected). In the REAL group, 60% returned to work whereas only 10% returned in the SHAM group (p = 0.027). This pilot study demonstrates an overall time effect on headache severity, functional impact, depression, PPCS, and quality of life after rTMS treatment in participants with persistent PTH; however, findings were below clinical significance thresholds. There was a 100% response rate, no dropouts, and minimal adverse effects, warranting a larger phase II study. Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT03691272.
Cost-utility analysis of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in non-treatment-resistant depression: The DISCO randomised controlled study protocol$$$ Introduction Depression is among the most widespread psychiatric disorders in France. Psychiatric disorders are associated with considerable social costs, amounting to €22.6 billion for treatment and psychotropic medication in 2011. Treatment as usual (TAU), mainly consisting of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy, is effective for only a third of patients and in most cases fails to prevent treatment resistance and chronicity. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) consists in a non-invasive and painless application of low-intensity electric current to the cerebral cortex through the scalp. Having proved effective in depressed patients, it could be used in combination with TAU to great advantage. The objective is to compare, for the first time ever, the cost-utility of tDCS-TAU and of TAU alone for the treatment of a depressive episode that has been refractory to one or two drug treatments. Methods and analysis This paper, based on the DISCO study protocol, focuses on the design of a prospective, randomised, controlled, open-label multicentre economic study to be conducted in France. It will include 214 patients with unipolar or bipolar depression, assigning them to two parallel arms: group A (tDCS-TAU) and group B (TAU alone). The primary outcome is the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio, that is, the ratio of the difference in cost between each strategy to the difference in their effects. Their effects will be expressed as numbers of quality-adjusted life-years, determined through administration of the EuroQol Five-Dimension questionnaire over a 12-month period to patients (EQ-5D-5L). Expected benefits are the reduction of treatment resistance and suicidal ideation as well as social and professional costs of depression. Should depression-related costs fall significantly, tDCS might be considered an efficient treatment for depression. Ethics and dissemination This protocol has been approved by a French ethics committee, the CPP-Est IV (Comité de Protection des Personnes-Strasbourg). Data are to be published in peer-reviewed medical journals. Trial registration number RCB 2018-A00474-51; NCT03758105
The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for Parkinson disease patients with depression$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for Parkinson disease (PD) patients with depression. Methods: A meta-analysis was performed using relevant randomized controlled trials (RCTs) from online databases such as PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Online Library, and Clinicaltrials.gov. Studies were selected according to pre-defined inclusion and exclusion criteria, and the quality of the studies was evaluated using the Jadad Scale. All data were pooled by RevMan 5.2 software for meta-analysis. Results: The review covered 528 articles, and 7 articles with Jadad score ≥4 were included in the analysis. The meta-analysis showed that, compared to sham repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (sham-rTMS), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) improved depression, but that there was no significant difference in depression improvement between rTMS and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) treatment. In contrast, rTMS over DLPFC did not improve motor function compared to sham-rTMS or SSRI, and the studies that included neurocognitive measures showed no significant difference between rTMS and sham-rTMS. Conclusion: This meta-analysis provides evidence that rTMS over DLPFC can improve depression similar to SSRI treatment, has no effect on the motor function and cognition of PD patients with depression.
Effects of prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation on autonomic and neuroendocrine responses to psychosocial stress in healthy humans$$$ Prolonged or repeated activation of the stress response can have negative psychological and physical consequences. The prefrontal cortex (PFC) is thought to exert an inhibitory influence on the activity of autonomic and neuroendocrine stress response systems. In this study, we further investigated this hypothesis by increasing PFC excitability using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Healthy male participants were randomized to receive either anodal (excitatory) tDCS (n = 15) or sham stimulation (n = 15) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) immediately before and during the exposure to a psychosocial stress test. Autonomic (heart rate (HR) and its variability) and neuroendocrine (salivary cortisol) parameters were assessed. One single session of excitatory tDCS over the left DLPFC (i) reduced HR and favored a larger vagal prevalence prior to stress exposure, (ii) moderated stress-induced HR acceleration and sympathetic activation/vagal withdrawal, but (iii) had no effect on stress-induced cortisol release. However, anodal tDCS over the left DLPFC prevented stress-induced changes in the cortisol awakening response. Finally, participants receiving excitatory tDCS reported a reduction in their levels of state anxiety upon completion of the psychosocial stress test. In conclusion, this study provides first insights into the efficacy of one single session of excitatory tDCS over the left DLPFC in attenuating autonomic and neuroendocrine effects of psychosocial stress exposure. These findings might be indicative of the important role of the left DLPFC, which is a cortical target for noninvasive brain stimulation treatment of depression, for successful coping with stressful stimuli.
Large Treatment Effect With Extended Home-Based Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Over Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Fibromyalgia: A Proof of Concept Sham-Randomized Clinical Study$$$ This randomized, double-blind controlled trial tested the hypothesis that 60 sessions of home-based anodal (a)-transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) would be better than home-based sham-tDCS to improve the widespread pain and the disability-related to pain. The anodal-tDCS (2 mA for 30 minutes) over the left DLPFC was self-administered with a specially developed device following in-person training. Twenty women, 18 to 65 years old were randomized into 2 groups [active-(a)-tDCS (n = 10) or sham-(s)-tDCS (n = 10)]. Post hoc analysis revealed that after the first 20 sessions of a-tDCS, the cumulative pain scores reduced by 45.65% [7.25 (1.43) vs 3.94 (1.14), active vs sham tDCS, respectively]. After 60 sessions, during the 12-week assessment, pain scores reduced by 62.06% in the actively group [visual analogue scale reduction, 7.25 (1.43) to 2.75 (.85)] compared to 24.92% in the s-tDCS group, [mean (SD) 7.10 (1.81) vs 5.33 (.90)], respectively. It reduced the risk for analgesic use in 55%. Higher serum levels of the brain-derived neurotrophic factor predicted higher decreases on the pain scores across of treatment. Perspective: These findings bring 3 important insights: 1) show that an extended period of treatment (60 sessions, to date the largest number of tDCS sessions tested) for fibromyalgia induces large pain decreases (a large effect size of 1.59) and 2) support the feasibility of home-based tDCS as a method of intervention; 3) provide additional data on DLPFC target for the treatment of fibromyalgia. Finally, our findings also highlight that brain-derived neurotrophic factor to index neuroplasticity may be a valuable predictor of the tDCS effect on pain scores decreases across the treatment.
A pragmatic randomized controlled trial exploring the relationship between pulse number and response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment (rTMS) is an effective treatment for depression but the optimal methods of administration have yet to be determined. In particular, it is unclear whether there is a relationship between elements of the dose of stimulation (i.e., number of pulses) and clinical response. To address one aspect of dose, we conducted a trial comparing standard and high dose versions of high frequency left sided and low frequency right sided rTMS protocols (left standard = 50 trains, left high = 125 trains, right standard = 20 min, right high = 60 min, all per day in a single session). Method: 300 patients with treatment resistant depression were enrolled in a four arm randomized controlled trial across a four week time period. The primary outcome assessment was a comparison of response and remission rates on data from the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression Rating Scale (HRSD-17). Results: The rate of response exceeded 45% in all groups. There was no significant difference between groups on initial analysis of the primary or secondary outcome measures (response rates: standard left = 52.5%, high left = 47.3%, standard right = 49.1%, high right = 48.4%). There was a greater remission rate with high compared to moderate dose left sided treatment when controlling for illness duration. We also found significant improvements in quality of life across all treatment groups. Illness duration was weakly associated with response. Conclusions: There was no consistent association between the antidepressant effect of rTMS and the number of TMS pulses provided across the ranges investigated in this study. Increasing TMS pulse number in individual sessions seems unlikely to be a method to substantially improve clinical outcomes, and future research should explore alternative means of improving clinical response. The study was registered on the Australian and New Zealand Clinical Trials Register (ACTRN12612000321842) https://www.anzctr.org.au/Trial/Registration/TrialReview.aspx?id=362063&isReview=true.
The NEO-FFI domain of openness to experience moderates ketamine response in treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: There are many putative mechanisms by which ketamine has its effect and many unanswered questions about risks and benefits of long-term ketamine therapy. A research imperative is the identification of predictors of response to intravenous ketamine, especially a sustained response to maintenance ketamine. Temperament is an inherited aspect of personality and is a predictive factor for outcome in treatment resistant depressed (TRD) patients. Methods: We analyzed which domains of personality impacted initial and sustained ketamine response. Utilizing the Neuroticism Extraversion Openness Five Factor Inventory (NEO-FFI) on 125 participants with TRD, we tested (1) whether the degree of neuroticism predicted initial and/or sustained response to ketamine; and (2) whether extraversion, agreeableness, openness to experience, and conscientiousness had an impact on response. Results: Our findings confirmed previous literature that elevated neuroticism, low conscientiousness, and low extraversion was the pattern of our TRD population regardless of response. Openness was the only factor to significantly predict sustained treatment outcome. Limitations: Our findings are limited by the lack of placebo control, small sample size, non- standardized infusion intervals, polypharmacy rather than ketamine monotherapy, a select TRD population in that they had all failed ECT, and a primarily Caucasian population. Conclusions: Our registry adds to the literature that factors making up temperament may have predictive value in regard to treatment response, specifically the outcome for TRD patients receiving long-term ketamine infusion therapy. If confirmed, assessing for Openness could reduce inappropriate exposure to ketamine with its attendant unknown long-term risks.
Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) for major depressive disorder$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective for major depressive disorder (MDD) but its effects on memory limit its widespread use. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a potential alternative to ECT that may not adversely affect memory. In the current trial, consecutive patients with MDD consented to receive MST applied over the prefrontal cortex according to an open-label protocol. Depressive symptoms and cognition were assessed prior to, during and at the end of treatment. Patients were treated two to three times per week with high-frequency MST (i.e., 100 Hz) (N = 24), medium frequency MST (i.e., 60 or 50 Hz) (N = 26), or low-frequency MST (i.e., 25 Hz MST) (N = 36) using 100% stimulator output. One hundred and forty patients were screened; 86 patients with MDD received a minimum of eight treatments and were deemed to have an adequate course of MST; and 47 completed the trial per protocol, either achieving remission (i.e., 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score <10 and a relative reduction of >60% at two consecutive assessments; n = 17) or received a maximum of 24 sessions (n = 30). High-frequency (100 Hz) MST produced the highest remission rate (33.3%). Performance on most cognitive measures remained stable, with the exception of significantly worsened recall consistency of autobiographical information and significantly improved brief visuospatial memory task performance. Under open conditions, MST led to clinically meaningful reduction in depressive symptoms in patients with MDD and produced minimal cognitive impairment. Future studies should compare MST and ECT under double-blind randomized condition.
Brain oscillation-synchronized stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression using real-time EEG-triggered TMS$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is an effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), but response rates are low and effect sizes small. Synchronizing TMS pulses with instantaneous brain oscillations can reduce variability and increase efficacy of TMS-induced plasticity. Objective: To study whether brain oscillation-synchronized rTMS is feasible, safe and has neuromodulatory effects when targeting the DLPFC of patients with MDD. Methods: Using real-time EEG-triggered TMS we conducted a pseudo-randomized controlled single-session crossover trial of brain oscillation-synchronized rTMS of left DLPFC in 17 adult patients with antidepressant-resistant MDD. Stimulation conditions in separate sessions were: (1) rTMS triggered at the negative EEG peak of instantaneous alpha oscillations (alpha-synchronized rTMS), (2) a variation of intermittent theta-burst stimulation (modified iTBS), and (3) a random alpha phase control condition. Results: Triggering TMS at the negative peak of instantaneous alpha oscillations by real-time analysis of the electrode F5 EEG signal was successful in 15 subjects. Two subjects reported mild transient discomfort at the site of stimulation during stimulation; no serious adverse events were reported. Alpha-synchronized rTMS, but not modified iTBS or the random alpha phase control condition, reduced resting-state alpha activity in left DLPFC and increased TMS-induced beta oscillations over frontocentral channels. Conclusions: Alpha-synchronized rTMS of left DLPFC is feasible, safe and has specific single-session neuromodulatory effects in patients with antidepressant-resistant MDD. Future studies need to further elucidate the mechanisms, optimize the parameters and investigate the therapeutic potential and efficacy of brain oscillation-synchronized rTMS in MDD.
Modeling resilience to damage in multiple sclerosis: Plasticity meets connectivity$$$ Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic inflammatory disease of the central nervous system (CNS) characterized by demyelinating white matter lesions and neurodegeneration, with a variable clinical course. Brain network architecture provides efficient information processing and resilience to damage. The peculiar organization characterized by a low number of highly connected nodes (hubs) confers high resistance to random damage. Anti-homeostatic synaptic plasticity, in particular long-term potentiation (LTP), represents one of the main physiological mechanisms underlying clinical recovery after brain damage. Different types of synaptic plasticity, including both anti-homeostatic and homeostatic mechanisms (synaptic scaling), contribute to shape brain networks. In MS, altered synaptic functioning induced by inflammatory mediators may represent a further cause of brain network collapse in addition to demyelination and grey matter atrophy. We propose that impaired LTP expression and pathologically enhanced upscaling may contribute to disrupting brain network topology in MS, weakening resilience to damage and negatively influencing the disease course.
Ketamine for suicidal ideation in adults with psychiatric disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis of treatment trials$$$ Objective: Ketamine may reduce suicidal ideation in treatment-resistant depression. But it is not known how quickly this occurs and how long it persists. We undertook a systematic review and meta-analysis to determine the short- and long-term effectiveness of ketamine for suicidality. Method: CENTRAL, EMBASE, Medline, and PsycINFO were searched until 12 December 2018. Randomised controlled trials of ketamine or esketamine reporting data on suicidal ideation, self-harm, attempted or completed suicide in adults diagnosed with any psychiatric disorder were included. Two reviewers independently extracted data, and certainty of evidence was assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation tool. Standardised mean difference was used for continuous outcomes. Results: Twenty-five reports from 15 independent trials, with a total of 572 participants diagnosed with predominately affective disorders, were included. The evidence was rated moderate to low. In most trials, ketamine was administered at 0.5 mg/kg via a single intravenous infusion over a 30- to 45-minute period. Only a single trial of intranasal esketamine was identified. At 4 hours post-infusion, treatment with ketamine was associated with a significant reduction in suicidal ideation scores (standardised mean difference = −0.51, 95% confidence interval = [−1.00, −0.03]), which persisted until 72 hours post-infusion (time points between 12 and 24 hours: standardised mean difference = −0.63, 95% confidence interval = [−0.99, −0.26]; between 24 and 72 hours: standardised mean difference = −0.57, 95% confidence interval = [−0.99, −0.14]), but not thereafter. However, there was marked heterogeneity of results. In a single trial of esketamine, marginal effects on suicidal ideation were observed. In terms of actual suicidal behaviour, there were virtually no data on effects of ketamine or esketamine. Conclusion: A single infusion of ketamine may have a short-term (up to 72 hours) beneficial impact on suicidal thoughts. While confirmation of these results in further trials is needed, they suggest possible use of ketamine to treat acute suicidality. Means of sustaining any anti-suicidal effect need to be found.
Negative symptoms in schizophrenia: A review and clinical guide for recognition, assessment, and treatment$$$ Schizophrenia is frequently a chronic and disabling disorder, characterized by heterogeneous positive and negative symptom constellations. The objective of this review was to provide information that may be useful for clinicians treating patients with negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Negative symptoms are a core component of schizophrenia that account for a large part of the long-term disability and poor functional outcomes in patients with the disorder. The term negative symptoms describes a lessening or absence of normal behaviors and functions related to motivation and interest, or verbal/emotional expression. The negative symptom domain consists of five key constructs: blunted affect, alogia (reduction in quantity of words spoken), avolition (reduced goal-directed activity due to decreased motivation), asociality, and anhedonia (reduced experience of pleasure). Negative symptoms are common in schizophrenia; up to 60% of patients may have prominent clinically relevant negative symptoms that require treatment. Negative symptoms can occur at any point in the course of illness, although they are reported as the most common first symptom of schizophrenia. Negative symptoms can be primary symptoms, which are intrinsic to the underlying pathophysiology of schizophrenia, or secondary symptoms that are related to psychiatric or medical comorbidities, adverse effects of treatment, or environmental factors. While secondary negative symptoms can improve as a consequence of treatment to improve symptoms in other domains (ie, positive symptoms, depressive symptoms or extrapyr-amidal symptoms), primary negative symptoms generally do not respond well to currently available antipsychotic treatment with dopamine D2 antagonists or partial D2 agonists. Since some patients may lack insight about the presence of negative symptoms, these are generally not the reason that patients seek clinical care, and clinicians should be especially vigilant for their presence. Negative symptoms clearly constitute an unmet medical need in schizophrenia, and new and effective treatments are urgently needed.
Blood glutamate scavenging as a novel glutamate-based therapeutic approach for post-stroke depression$$$ Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a major complication of stroke that significantly impacts functional recovery and quality of life. While the exact mechanism of PSD is unknown, recent attention has focused on the association of the glutamatergic system in its etiology and treatment. Minimizing secondary brain damage and neuropsychiatric consequences associated with excess glutamate concentrations is a vital part of stroke management. The blood glutamate scavengers, oxaloacetate and pyruvate, degrade glutamate in the blood to its inactive metabolite, 2-ketoglutarate, by the coenzymes glutamate–oxaloacetate transaminase (GOT) and glutamate–pyruvate transaminase (GPT), respectively. This reduction in blood glutamate concentrations leads to a subsequent shift of glutamate down its concentration gradient from the blood to the brain, thereby decreasing brain glutamate levels. Although there are not yet any human trials that support blood glutamate scavengers for clinical use, there is increasing evidence from animal research of their efficacy as a promising new therapeutic approach for PSD. In this review, we present recent evidence in the literature of the potential therapeutic benefits of blood glutamate scavengers for reducing PSD and other related neuropsychiatric conditions. The evidence reviewed here should be useful in guiding future clinical trials.
Association of BDNF, HTR2A, TPH1, SLC6A4, and comt polymorphisms with tdcs and escitalopram efficacy: Ancillary analysis of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: We investigated whether single nucleotide polymorphisms (SNPs) associated with neuroplasticity and activity of monoamine neurotransmitters, such as the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF, rs6265), the serotonin transporter (SLC6A4, rs25531), the tryptophan hydroxylase 1 (TPH1, rs1800532), the 5-hydroxytryptamine receptor 2A (HTR2A, rs6311, rs6313, rs7997012), and the catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT, rs4680) genes, are associated with efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in major depression. Methods: Data from the Escitalopram vs. Electrical Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study (ELECT-TDCS) were used. Participants were antidepressant-free at baseline and presented with an acute, moderate-to-severe unipolar depressive episode. They were randomized to receive escitalopram/tDCS-sham (n=75), tDCS/placebo-pill (n=75), or placebo-pill/sham-tDCS (n=45). General linear models assessed the interaction between treatment group and allele-wise carriers. Additional analyses were performed for each group and each genotype separately. Results: Pairwise group comparisons (tDCS vs. placebo, tDCS vs. escitalopram, and escitalopram vs. placebo) did not identify alleles associated with depression improvement. In addition, exploratory analyses also did not identify any SNP unequivocally associated with improvement of depression in any treatment group. Conclusion: Larger, combined datasets are necessary to identify candidate genes for tDCS response.
Beneficial effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive function and self-care ability in patients with non-dementia vascular cognitive impairment$$$ The present study investigated the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on cognitive function and self-care ability in patients with non-dementia vascular cognitive impairment (NVCI). A total of 106 patients with NVCI were randomly classified into the control group (n=53) and study group (n=53). Based on routine treatment, the control group received pseudo rTMS treatment, while the study group received rTMS treatment. After treatment, visual space, executive function, attention, delayed recall, and directional scores of the study group were higher than those of the control group (P<0.05). Total effective rates, CDT scores, and MBI scores of the study group were higher than those of the control group (P<0.05). Both groups demonstrated a sharp reduction in the P300 latent period (P<0.05), though levels were more significant in the study group (P<0.05). Levels of serum leptin, VEGF, and NGT of the study group were higher than those of the control group (P<0.05). After treatment, the relative α-rhythm relative power spectrum of the frontal F3, Fp1, Fp2, Fz, and T4 of the right sac was remarkably increased, compared to those of the control group (P<0.05). Repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation can ameliorate the cognitive function of patients with non-dementia vascular cognitive impairment, improving self-care ability. Thus, it has high clinical application value.
Clinical and neurophysiological effects of dual-target high-frequency rtms over the primary motor and prefrontal cortex in Parkinson’s disease$$$ Objective. To evaluate therapeutic effects of navigational dual-target high-frequency rTMS over the primary motor (M1, bilateral) and the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on clinical dynamics of Parkinson’s disease (PD) symptoms in a parallel placebo-controlled study. Material and methods. The study included 46 patients randomized into equal therapeutic and placebo rTMS groups. Navigational therapeutic and placebo10 Hz rTMS was applied over the M1 and DLPFC areas (20 daily sessions, for 3 weeks). Assessment of the dynamics of clinical symptoms was performed using the MDS UPDRS scale (Parts I—IV) before the first session, immediately after 20 sessions, and 4—6 weeks after the rTMS course. Non-motor and mental symptoms were assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17), Beck depression inventory (BDI-II), Depression, Anxiety and Stress (DASS-21) scales and the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE). Results. Significant therapeutic effects of rTMS compared to placebo were established: a greater decrease in overall score on the MDS-UPDRS scale (parts I—IV), a decrease in the severity of non-motor (part I) and motor symptoms (part III, with a large therapeutic effect for the symptoms of rigidity, bradykinesia and postural instability), as well as the severity of motor complications of dopamine replacement therapy (part IV). The effects of rTMS on motor symptoms persisted 4 weeks after the end of the stimulation course. It is also important to note significant positive dynamics in both rTMS and placebo groups in the form of comparable reduction in the severity of everyday motor symptoms (MDS-UPDRS part II), improvement of the total scores on MMSE, HDRS, BDI-II, DASS-21. Conclusions. The dual-target high-frequency rTMS over the primary motor cortex (bilateral) and the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has positive therapeutic effects on the motor and affective symptoms of Parkinson’s disease, which are significantly stronger than that of the placebo stimulation.
Alleviation of ADHD symptoms by non-invasive right prefrontal stimulation is correlated with EEG activity$$$ Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is a prevalent disorder with effective pharmacological treatment that benefits most patients. However, about one-third fail to benefit while others search non-pharmacological alternatives, and for those options are scarce. One alternative treatment option is to alter abnormal right prefrontal cortex (rPFC) activity, given that rPFC abnormality has been repeatedly implicated in ADHD neurophathology. Here, we evaluated whether targeting the rPFC with multiple sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), which can modulate neuronal excitability, activity, and plasticity in a non-invasive manner, will affect clinical symptoms in adults suffering from ADHD. Concomitantly, we used EEG to characterize electrophysiological alterations induced by treatment and to search for correlation between baseline neuronal activity and clinical response. Forty-three drug free adults with ADHD were randomized to receive either Real, Active Control, or Sham treatment (13 females, age ranging 21-46; n = 15, 14, 14, respectively), and underwent three weeks of daily high-frequency (18 Hz) stimulation sessions. We found that Real treatment was safe and resulted in significant improvement of symptoms (η2p = 0.34; Cohen's d(against Sham) = 0.96; Cohen's d(against AC) = 0.68; p = 0.00085). Furthermore, based on EEG recorded within the first treatment session we established a novel biomarker, composed of the Alpha and Low-gamma power, which highly correlated the magnitude of the clinical outcome (r = 0.92, p = 0.0001). Taken together, the results of this pilot study indicate safety and effectiveness of rTMS directed to the rPFC for treatment of adult ADHD patients. The biomarker is suggested to reflect the responsiveness of the cortex to this rTMS intervention. Following validation of the results in larger samples, this study may represent a step towards a non-pharmacological treatment for adults with ADHD using EEG-based selection of optimal candidates for treatment.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants for the first episode of major depressive disorder$$$ Objectives: The aims of this study were to systematically review the efficacy, acceptabil-ity, and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with antidepressants in the treatment of the first major depressive disorder (MDD) episode. Materials and Methods: The primary efficacious outcome was the pooled mean-endpoint scores of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD). Rates of response, remission rate, overall discontinuation and discontinuation due to adverse events were also evaluated. Search in the Scopus, PubMed, CINAHL, and Cochrane Controlled Trials Register databases for interesting outcomes was carried out in March 2018. Results: A total of 108 randomized patients of two randomized controlled trials were included in this study. The pooled mean-endpoint scores of the HAMD in one, two, and four weeks for rTMS plus antidepressants (citalopram or paroxetine) were greater than that of sham plus the antidepres-sants. The pooled rates of overall discontinuation and discontinuation rates due to adverse events were not different between the two groups. Conclusion: According to a piece of limited evidence, the high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) could accelerate the antidepressant effect of SSRIs in young patients with a first-episode major depressive disorder. However, the acceptability and tolerability of HF-rTMS in the treatment of such patients are no better than an antidepressant alone. However, further well-defined and large sample-size studies of HF-rTMS combined with an antidepressant in MDD should be carried out to warrant these results.
Study on the efficacy and mechanism of paroxetine hydrochloride combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of post-stroke depression$$$ Objective: To explore the efficacy and mechanism of paroxetine hydrochloride combined with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of post-stroke depression (PSD). Methods: Totally 74 patients with PSD were randomly divided into paroxetine hydrochloride (PX) group and paroxetine hydrochloride combined with rTMS (PT) group, with 37 cases in each group. The differences in clinical efficacy, serum nerve peptide Y (NPY), corticotropin releasing factor (CRF), brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), depression condition, expression of monoamine neurotransmitter, quality of life and secondary effects were compared between the PX and PT groups. Results: The effective rate of PT group was statistically different from that of PX group (P=0.027). After treatment, the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) score of the PT group was significantly lower than that of the PX group (P<0.001), and the 36-Item Short-Form Health Survey (SF-36) score was significantly higher than that of the PX group (both P<0.001). After treatment, the expression of dopamine (DA), 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) and norepinephrine (NE) in both groups increased (P<0.05). The expression of epinephrine (E) decreased compared with that before treatment (P<0.05). The expression of DA, 5-HT and NE in the PT group were higher than those in the PX group, and the expression of E was lower than that in the PX group (P<0.05 or P<0.001). Before treatment, there was no statistical significance in NPY, CRF and BDNF between PX and PT groups (P>0.05). After treatment, the expression of NPY and BDNF in both groups increased compared with those before treatment (P<0.001); the expression of CRF decreased compared with that before treatment (P<0.001); the expressions of NPY, CRF and BDNF in the PT group were higher than those in the PX group (P<0.001). There was no significant difference in the proportion of secondary effects between PT and PX groups (P=0.649). Conclusion: The therapeutic effect of paroxetine hydrochloride combined with rTMS on patients with PSD is better than paroxetine alone. It can significantly increase the neurotransmitter level of patients, improve quality of life, thereby improving the mental health. The safety of combination therapy is better.
Ketamine for depression clinical issues$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a debilitating illness with significant morbidity and mortality, leading to attempted and completed suicides. It affects interpersonal relationships and also contributes to decreased productivity, causing financial burden to individuals and society. Patients often fail to respond to various antidepressant medication trials resulting in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Current antidepressant medications work by modulating the monoaminergic systems and takes several weeks to establish a clinical response. Ketamine has been used extensively as an anesthetic agent since the 1970s, and more recent research has shown its rapid and robust effectiveness in TRD the subject of this review. Ketamine is a racemic mixture comprised of two enantiomers (R)-ketamine and (S)-ketamine and acts as an NMDA receptor antagonist. Most research studies have explored its antidepressant and antisuicidal effects by using it as an intravenous infusion or via the intranasal route due to increased bioavailability. Recently an intranasal esketamine spray was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for TRD as an adjunct to standard antidepressant treatment in a supervised setting. Regarding its safety profile, multiple research studies have established the short-term safety and efficacy of ketamine in TRD. The cardiorespiratory and neuropsychiatric adverse events observed in these studies were mostly transient. However, ketamine is a scheduled agent with abuse potential, making its long-term use challenging and mandating further research.
Modulation of the prefrontal blood oxygenation response to intermittent theta-burst stimulation in depression: A sham-controlled study with functional near-infrared spectroscopy$$$ Objective: To better understand the neural mechanisms behind the effect of intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), we investigated how the prefrontal blood oxygenation response measured by changes in oxygenated haemoglobin (oxy-Hb) was modulated during a sham-controlled iTBS treatment course, and whether this was related to depressive symptom change. Methods: In this randomised, double-blind study, patients with ongoing treatment-resistant depression received either active (n = 18) or sham (n = 21) iTBS over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for ten to fifteen days with two sessions daily. Event-related functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) was measured during each iTBS train, and resting-state oxy-Hb was compared before and after each iTBS session at the first, fifth, and last treatment day. Results: Patients receiving active iTBS had an increase of the event-related oxy-Hb response compared to the sham group on the fifth (bilateral prefrontal cortices p <.001) and last (left prefrontal p =.007, right prefrontal p =.025) treatment day. Resting-state analysis showed suppressed oxy-Hb change in active iTBS compared to sham iTBS on the last treatment day (p =.024). Oxy-Hb change was unrelated to depressive symptom change (p =.474). Conclusions: This study describes a modulation of the blood oxygenation response over the prefrontal cortex that was built up during the course of active iTBS treatment in depression.
Esketamine: new hope for the treatment of treatment-resistant depression? A narrative review$$$ This narrative review aims to provide an overview of the current literature on the pharmacology, safety, efficacy and tolerability of intranasal esketamine, the S-enantiomer of ketamine, for the treatment of treatment-resistant depression (TRD). A literature search using Medline, Embase, PsycINFO and Cochrane Central was conducted (January 2000 to July 2019). Product information and www.clinicaltrials.gov were also reviewed. The literature search was limited to human studies published in English. Phase I, II, and III studies of intranasal esketamine for TRD were reviewed. About a third of patients with major depressive disorder fail to achieve remission despite treatment with multiple antidepressants. This article examines the trials that led to the approval of esketamine in the United States, as well as other recent studies of esketamine for TRD. The findings from limited phase III trials illustrate that intranasal esketamine is effective and safe in reducing depressive symptoms and achieving clinical response in patients with TRD. The optimum duration and frequency of use are not fully understood. Although the nasal spray is a convenient dosage form, its use in practice may be limited by cost and administrative regulation. While it may prove beneficial to many patients who suffer from TRD, further long-term data are required, along with comparative trials with the R-isomer (arketamine). In the interim, care and monitoring should be exercised in its use in clinical practice.
Therapeutic implications of cortical spreading depression models in migraine$$$ Migraine is among the most common and disabling neurological diseases in the world. Cortical spreading depression (CSD) is a wave of near-complete depolarization of neurons and glial cells that slowly propagates along the cortex creating the perception of aura. Evidence suggests that CSD can trigger migraine headache. Experimental models of CSD have been considered highly translational as they recapitulate migraine-related phenomena and have been validated for screening migraine therapeutics. Here we outline the essential components of validated experimental models of CSD and provide a comprehensive review of potential modulators and targets against CSD. We further focus on novel interventions that have been recently shown to suppress CSD susceptibility that may lead to therapeutic targets in migraine.
Shorter recovery times and better cognitive function—A comparative pilot study of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive episodes$$$ Introduction: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a new convulsive therapy that is as effective as traditional electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating depression but with fewer cognitive side effects. The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and cognitive effects between MST (100 Hz applied over the vertex) and bifrontal ECT for treating patients with depressive episodes. Methods: Forty-five patients with depressive episodes were enrolled, with 18 receiving MST and 27 receiving ECT. MST was administered over the vertex with 100 Hz frequency. Treatment consisted of six sessions. The 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-17) was used to assess the severity of depression. The Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) was used to assess cognition. Assessments were performed at baseline and after the third and sixth treatment sessions. Results: Both MST and ECT improved the patients’ depressive symptoms significantly, yet no significant difference was found between the two groups (p >.05). The response rates and remission rates of MST and ECT were 72.2% versus 81.5% and 61.1% versus 63.0%, respectively. The MST group showed significant improvements in immediate memory (p <.001), delayed memory (p =.002), and attention (p <.001) than ECT. The recovery times for consciousness (p <.001), spontaneous breathing (p <.001), and orientation (p <.001) were shorter in MST group than ECT group. RBANS improvements were negatively correlated with the recovery time for orientation (r =.561, p <.001). Conclusion: Magnetic seizure therapy showed similar efficacy to bifrontal ECT for treating depressive episodes. While MST may be an effective alternative to ECT, larger randomized trials are needed.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Treatment of Bipolar Disorder$$$ Bipolar disorder (BD) is a debilitating mood disorder marked by manic, hypomanic and/or mixed or depressive episodes. It affects approximately 1–2% of the population and is linked to high rates of suicide, functional impairment and poorer quality of life. Presently, treatment options for BD are limited. There is a strong evidence base for pharmacological (e.g., lithium) and psychological (e.g., psychoeducation) treatments; however, both of these pose challenges for treatment outcomes (e.g., non-response, side-effects, limited access). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a non-invasive brain stimulation technique, is a recommended treatment for unipolar depression, but it is unclear whether rTMS is an effective, safe and well tolerated treatment in people with BD. This article reviews the extant literature on the use of rTMS to treat BD across different mood states. We found 34 studies in total (N = 611 patients), with most assessing bipolar depression (n = 26), versus bipolar mania (n = 5), mixed state bipolar (n = 2) or those not in a current affective episode (n = 1). Across all studies, there appears to be a detectable signal of efficacy for rTMS treatment, as most studies report that rTMS treatment reduced bipolar symptoms. Importantly, within the randomised controlled trial (RCT) study designs, most reported that rTMS was not superior to sham in the treatment of bipolar depression. However, these RCTs are based on small samples (NBD ⩽ 52). Reported side effects of rTMS in BD include headache, dizziness and sleep problems. Ten studies (N = 14 patients) reported cases of affective switching; however, no clear pattern of potential risk factors for affective switching emerged. Future adequately powered, sham-controlled trials are needed to establish the ideal rTMS treatment parameters to help better determine the efficacy of rTMS for the treatment of BD.
Apnea during slow sub-anaesthetic infusion of intravenous ketamine for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Ketamine’s pharmacological profile makes it an interesting and useful drug to challenge treatment-resistant-depression (TRD). Emerging adverse events associated with single-slow-sub-anaesthetic doses for the treatment of depression are common, although generally transient and self-limited. Nevertheless, data on the safety of this practice are scarce. Thus, it seems timely before ketamine is used for clinical treatment of depression to recommend careful monitoring and reporting of all potential adverse events related to ketamine administration. Here, we describe a case of apnea during slow sub-anaesthetic infusion of intravenous ketamine for the treatment of resistant depression. As far as we are concerned, this is an uncommon, previously unreported, and potentially severe adverse event that clinicians should be aware of, and specific management measures should be implemented.
Low-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation over Right Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Parkinson's Disease$$$ Background. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising therapeutic tool for Parkinson's disease (PD), and many stimulation targets have been implicated. We aim to explore whether low-frequency rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) improves motor and nonmotor symptoms of individuals with PD. Methods. We conducted a randomized, single-blind, sham-controlled parallel trial to compare the effect of 10 consecutive daily sessions of 1 Hz rTMS over right DLPFC on individuals with idiopathic PD between active and sham rTMS group. Primary outcomes were changes in Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) part III and Nonmotor Symptom Questionnaire (NMSQ). Secondary outcomes were changes in UPDRS total score, Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA). Assessments were completed at baseline, after treatment, and at 1 month, 3 months, and 6 months after treatment. Results. A total of 33 participants with PD were randomized. All participants completed the study and no severe adverse effect was noticed. Compared to baseline, active rTMS showed significant improvements in UPDRS part III and NMSQ at 1 month. Change of scores on UPDRS part III, HRSD, and PSQI persisted for 3 months after rTMS intervention. The beneficial effect on cognitive performance assessed by MoCA was maintained for at least 6 months in the follow-up. No significant changes were observed in the group with sham rTMS. Conclusions. Low-frequency rTMS of right DLPFC could be a potential selection in managing motor and nonmotor symptoms in PD.
Evaluation and treatment of vascular cognitive impairment by transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ The exact relationship between cognitive functioning, cortical excitability, and synaptic plasticity in dementia is not completely understood. Vascular cognitive impairment (VCI) is deemed to be the most common cognitive disorder in the elderly since it encompasses any degree of vascular-based cognitive decline. In different cognitive disorders, including VCI, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can be exploited as a noninvasive tool able to evaluate in vivo the cortical excitability, the propension to undergo neural plastic phenomena, and the underlying transmission pathways. Overall, TMS in VCI revealed enhanced cortical excitability and synaptic plasticity that seem to correlate with the disease process and progression. In some patients, such plasticity may be considered as an adaptive response to disease progression, thus allowing the preservation of motor programming and execution. Recent findings also point out the possibility to employ TMS to predict cognitive deterioration in the so-called “brains at risk” for dementia, which may be those patients who benefit more of disease-modifying drugs and rehabilitative or neuromodulatory approaches, such as those based on repetitive TMS (rTMS). Finally, TMS can be exploited to select the responders to specific drugs in the attempt to maximize the response and to restore maladaptive plasticity. While no single TMS index owns enough specificity, a panel of TMS-derived measures can support VCI diagnosis and identify early markers of progression into dementia. This work reviews all TMS and rTMS studies on VCI. The aim is to evaluate how cortical excitability, plasticity, and connectivity interact in the pathophysiology of the impairment and to provide a translational perspective towards novel treatments of these patients. Current pitfalls and limitations of both studies and techniques are also discussed, together with possible solutions and future research agenda.
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in the Normalization of Brain Activation in Patients with Neuropsychiatric Disorders: A Systematic Review of Neurophysiological and Neuroimaging Studies$$$ Background. People with neuropsychiatric disorders have been found to have abnormal brain activity, which is associated with the persistent functional impairment found in these patients. Recently, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been shown to normalize this pathological brain activity, although the results are inconsistent. Objective. We explored whether tDCS alters and normalizes brain activity among patients with neuropsychiatric disorders. Moreover, we examined whether these changes in brain activity are clinically relevant, as evidenced by brain-behavior correlations. Methods. A systematic review was conducted according to PRISMA guidelines. Randomized controlled trials that studied the effects of tDCS on brain activity by comparing experimental and sham control groups using either electrophysiological or neuroimaging methods were included. Results. With convergent evidence from 16 neurophysiological/neuroimaging studies, active tDCS was shown to be able to induce changes in brain activation patterns in people with neuropsychiatric disorders. Importantly, anodal tDCS appeared to normalize aberrant brain activation in patients with schizophrenia and substance abuse, and the effect was selectively correlated with reaction times, task-specific accuracy performance, and some symptom severity measures. Limitations and Conclusions. Due to the inherent heterogeneity in brain activity measurements for tDCS studies among people with neuropsychiatric disorders, no meta-analysis was conducted. We recommend that future studies investigate the effect of repeated cathodal tDCS on brain activity. We suggest to clinicians that the prescription of 1-2 mA anodal stimulation for patients with schizophrenia may be a promising treatment to alleviate positive symptoms. This systematic review is registered with registration number CRD42020183608.
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on chronic neuropathic pain in patients with multiple sclerosis: Randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective. Chronic neuropathic pain is a common symptom in multiple sclerosis (MS). This randomized controlled single-blinded study investigated whether a new protocol involving five days of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) with an interval period would be effective to reduce pain using the visual analog scale (VAS). Other secondary outcomes included the Neuropathic Pain Scale (NPS), Depression Anxiety Stress Score (DASS), Short Form McGill Pain Questionnaire (SFMPQ), and Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life 54 (MSQOL54). Design. A total of 30 participants were recruited for the study, with 15 participants randomized to a sham group or and 15 randomized to an active group. After a five-day course of a-tDCS, VAS and NPS scores were measured daily and then weekly after treatment up to four weeks after treatment. Secondary outcomes were measured pretreatment and then weekly up to four weeks. Results. After a five-day course of a-tDCS, VAS scores were significantly reduced compared with sham tDCS and remained significantly low up to week 2 post-treatment. There were no statistically significant mean changes in MSQOL54, SFMPQ, NPS, or DASS for the sham or treatment group before treatment or at four-week follow- up. Conclusions. This study shows that repeated stimulation with a-tDCS for five days can reduce pain intensity for a prolonged period in patients with MS who have chronic neuropathic pain.
Treatment outcome of auditory and frontal dual-site rTMS in tinnitus patients and changes in magnetoencephalographic functional connectivity after rTMS: Double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Recently, the role of neural modulation in nonauditory cortices via repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for tinnitus control has been emphasized. It is now more compelling to consider these nonauditory cortices and the whole "tinnitus network" as targets for tinnitus treatment to achieve a better outcome. Objective: We aimed to investigate the effects of active dual-site rTMS treatment in tinnitus reduction using a double-blind randomized controlled trial. Method: In study 1, the dual-site rTMS treatment group (n = 17) was treated daily for 4 consecutive days. The sham group (n = 13) also visited the clinic for 4 days; they received sham treatment for the same duration as the dual-site rTMS treatment group. In study 2, the rTMS treatment protocol was exactly the same as in study 1. Magnetoencephalography recordings were performed before and 1 week after the last rTMS treatment. The outcome measure was the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI) score and the visual analog scale score. The effects of treatment were assessed 1, 2, 4, and 8 weeks after rTMS treatment in study 1. Then the mean band power and network changes were compared between pre- and post-treatment values after rTMS in study 2. Result: Patients in the dual-site rTMS treatment group exhibited significantly improved THI scores at 2, 4, and 8 weeks after rTMS treatment compared with the pretreatment scores. However, the sham group did not show any significant reduction in THI scores. When the mean band power changes were compared between pre- and post-treatment assessments, an increased oscillation power was observed in the alpha band after rTMS. Conclusion: A beneficial effect of rTMS on tinnitus suppression was found in the dual-site active rTMS group, but not in the sham rTMS group.
Preventive effect of dexmedetomidine on postictal delirium after electroconvulsive therapy: A randomised controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND Postictal delirium (PID) is a relatively common complication following electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). OBJECTIVE We investigated whether prophylactic dexmedetomidine administration would safely decrease the incidence of PID in psychiatric patients after ECT. DESIGN A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. PATIENTS A total of 223 patients undergoing ECT were randomly allocated to two groups. INTERVENTIONS Patients received 0.5μgkg-1 dexmedetomidine (Dex group, n=111) or 0.9% sodium chloride (Con group, n=112) before ECT. Propofol was used for anaesthesia and succinylcholine for muscle relaxation. The incidence of PID was measured using the Confusion Assessment Method for the Intensive Care Unit. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES The percentage of patients who were diagnosed with PID at any ECT session during the whole treatment. RESULTS PID occurred in 76 (67.9%) of 112 patients given saline (0.9% sodium chloride), and in 49 (44.1%) of 111 patients given dexmedetomidine during the whole treatment. There was a significant difference in the incidence of PID between two groups (P<0.001). Post hoc analyses showed that the incidence of PID was significantly lower in the Dex group than in the Con group from the first to the seventh ECT session (P<0.005). There were no significant differences in seizure duration or recovery time between the two groups. Heart rate and mean arterial pressure in the Dex group were significantly lower than in the Con group at 0, 5 and 15min after electrical stimulation. No patients developed bradycardia, hypotension or respiratory depression during recovery. CONCLUSION Pretreatment with dexmedetomidine leads to a significant reduction in the incidence of PID with no respiratory depressant effect. Dexmedetomidine might be considered an effective method for the prevention of PID post-ECT. TRIAL REGISTRATION Chinese Clinical Trial Registry ChiCTR-IOR-17012306.
The safety and efficacy of adjunctive 20-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment of negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia: A double-blinded, randomized, sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising treatment strategy for negative symptoms. However, the evidence for its efficacy is mixed, with contradictory results between studies due to lack of consensus about the optimal stimulation parameters. Aim: The present study was planned to assess the safety and efficacy of 20-Hz rTMS over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (Lt-DLPFC) with more robust stimulation parameters for adjunctive treatment of negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Materials and Methods: Thirty patients with negative symptoms of schizophrenia (Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale [PANSS] negative subscore ≥15) were randomized to receive a 4-week treatment with either real-rTMS (n = 15) or sham-rTMS (n = 15). The study outcomes were assessed at baseline, after 5th and 20th rTMS sessions with PANSS, Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS), Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia, Clinical Global Impressions-Severity of illness scale, and rTMS side-effect checklist. Results: There was significantly greater reduction in negative symptoms assessed by SANS score in the real rTMS group, compared with the sham rTMS group. There was no significant difference in the rate of side-effects reported between the two groups. The rTMS treatment was well-tolerated by all the patients, except one seizure episode reported in the active group. Conclusion: The high-frequency rTMS protocol was safe and well-tolerated, provided patients prone to developing seizure were excluded by baseline electroencephalography prior to starting of the treatment. The 20-Hz rTMS over Lt-DLPFC with more robust stimulation parameters (100% motor threshold and 40,000 pulses) might be an effective augmentation strategy for the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
Neurostimulation in anxiety disorders, post-traumatic stress disorder, and obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Many pharmacological treatments were proved effective in the treatment of panic disorder (PD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), social anxiety disorder (SAD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD); still many patients do not achieve remission with these treatments. Neurostimulation techniques have been studied as promising alternatives or augmentation treatments to pharmacological and psychological therapies. The most studied neurostimulation method for anxiety disorders, PTSD, and OCD was repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). This neurostimulation technique had the highest level of evidence for GAD. There were also randomized sham-controlled trials indicating that rTMS may be effective in the treatment of PTSD and OCD, but there were conflicting findings regarding these two disorders. There is indication that rTMS may be effective in the treatment of panic disorder, but the level of evidence is low. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) was most studied for treatment of OCD, but the randomized sham-controlled trials had mixed findings. Preliminary findings indicate that DBS could be affective for PTSD. There is weak evidence indicating that electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial direct current stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation, and trigeminal nerve stimulation could be effective in the treatment of anxiety disorders, PTSD, and OCD. Regarding these disorders, there is no support in the current literature for the use of neurostimulation in clinical practice. Large high-quality studies are warranted.
Current research on complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) in the treatment of anxiety disorders: An evidence-based review$$$ Complementary and alternative medicine (CAM) encompasses a wide range of different nonmainstream therapies that have been increasingly used for treatment or adjunctive treatment of various ailments with anxiety/anxiety disorders being one of the commonly CAM (self)-medicated conditions. Thousands of published papers refer to use of CAM in various psychiatric disorders or in healthy or medically ill patients with mood or anxiety difficulties. In this chapter we focus specifically on clinically diagnosed (in line with the standard criteria) anxiety disorders and overview evidence of efficacy/safety of a range of CAM modalities: biologically based therapies (typically herbal preparations and less so nutraceuticals); manipulative and body-based therapies (acupuncture, aerobic exercise, massage, therapeutic touch, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, balneotherapy, and others); mind-body therapies (yoga, Morita therapy, Tai Chi, reiki, Chinese cognitive therapy, religious and spiritual interventions, relaxation, mediation, and mindfulness-based interventions); and alternative medical systems (Ayurveda, homeopathy). We focus exclusively on randomized controlled trials and attempt to evaluate the existing body of evidence in the same manner that is applied to mainstream treatments.
Extended continuous Theta Burst rTMS (cTBS) for obsessive compulsive disorder: A sham controlled study$$$ Introduction: The management of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder is not yet fully optimized, however over the last few decades the studies provides substantial evidence of brain alterations in OCD symptoms after application of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation. As functional Imaging studies have shown hyperactivity of Supplementary Motor Area (SMA) in OCD patients (activation was almost twice in OCD patients as compared to general population) but the fndings in few studies have been robust for SMA. The previous randomized, sham controlled trials studies that looked into efficacy of rTMS over Supplementary Motor area were very limited. Hence, we intended to assess the efficacy of adjunctive extended continuous theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on supplementary motor area in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder using Magstim Rapid Square Plus optimized with robotized Neuronavigation system. Materials and methods: 10 patients with Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (Active and Sham) were recruited for the study. Baseline symptoms of the patients were rated on Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Rating Scale (YBOCS), Hamilton Depression Rating scale (HAM-D), Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HAM-A), Clinical Global Impression scale (CGI). Patients were randomly distributed into active and sham treatment group by double blind sampling method. Supplementary Motor Area was visualized and localized by neuronavigational system then extended continuous theta burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or sham stimulation was given on Supplementary Motor Area 10 times a week (maximum 30 sessions) for 3 weeks. All patients were reassessed on YBOCS, HAM-D, HAM-A, CGI at the end of 3rd and 8thweek. Changes in the scores were analyzed. Results and Discussion: Results would be presented at the time of presentation.
Comparative efficacy of rTMS as an augmentation strategy in treatment resistant depression in military personnel$$$ Depression causes signifcant morbidity, disability and mortality, along with socioeconomic losses. Only around one third patients remit with the frst treatment with an anti-depressant. Those who don't remit even with second trial of anti-depressant need optimisation, combination or augmentation strategies. Pharmacological strategies sometimes have associated unacceptable adverse effects. Role of non-invasive and relatively safer somatic treatments like rTMS (repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation) is important. The current study aims to compare efficacy of rTMS with that of standard pharmacological augmentation strategies in unipolar non psychotic treatment resistant depression in military population. Methodology Study Design: Randomized controlled trial Subjects: Cases of unipolar, non-psychotic treatment resistant depression between ages of 20-60 years Results: Total 100 patients were randomised into two arms. In the rTMS arm 44 patients and in TAU arm 41 completed the study. After 04 weeks of treatment augmentation, rTMS and TAU groups showed response rates of 52% and 46% respectively. The difference between the two groups in terms of number of responders at the end of 04 weeks is not statistically signifcant. Factors associated with good response to rTMS were absence of a family history of psychiatric illness, no concomitant psychoactive substance use, being frst episode of depression and mildmoderate severity of illness. Conclusion: rTMS is not inferior to standard pharmacological augmentation therapies.
An open-label feasibility trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in depressed pacific islander adolescents$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the current response to psychopharmacology and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in Pacifc Islander adolescents with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). BACKGROUND: Major depressive disorder (“MDD”) is an unfortunately common devastating condition, especially for 2-4%1 of those younger than 18, and is a contributor to the 3rd leading cause of mortality in adolescence, suicide. 40-60%2 of youth with MDD have a limited response to current treatment protocols and require either (a) medications with a wider side effect profile, (b) intensive psychosocial programs that interfere with school, and/or (c) the legally and publicly spurned option of electoconvulsive therapy. Such results are tempered further when working with Pacifc Islanders (Native Hawaiians, Marshallese, and others), as such youth and families have shown in multiple studies3,4. The aversion to such standard treatment is concerning, as Native Hawaiian adolescents have a higher risk of suicide than other adolescents in Hawaii, with a suicide rate/100,000 people per year of 12.9, compared to Asian Americans' 7 and Caucasian Americans' 12.85. Where then can patients and families turn to in the case of medication and psychotherapy-refractory depression? Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been proven to be effective in treatment resistant depression in adults and has been only recently examined in children and adolescents. One then wonders about its efficacy therein. METHODS: 2 series of Pubmed, Ovid, Google Scholar, and OneSearch literature searches were conducted on 6/10/19: 1 investigating rTMS in adolescent depression, the other researching rTMS in depression in Native Hawaiian or other Pacifc Islander youth. RESULTS: At this point in time, 10 studies exist testing TMS' effects in children and adolescents with treatment refractory depression. 9 of said studies were open-label trials; 1 was a small (n=2) RCT, which was notable for having no patients randomized to sham (both were active, turning it into what amounts to another uncontrolled trial). Of those evaluating depression severity through Children's Depression Rating Scale-revised (“CDRS-R”) scores, 100% of the trials (8/8) displayed a statistically signifcant improvement, with a combined mean CDRS-R change/week of -3.6 +/- 1.1. None of the trials of the 1st series of searches nor the entirety of the 2nd series yielded information as to how TMS fairs in Native Hawaiian or other Pacifc Islander youth with depression. CONCLUSIONS: No studies exist that can verify the efficacy of TMS in youth, of Oceanic origin or otherwise, with the same degree of scrutiny as currently done in adults. Therefore, our group is engaging in a pilot study to evaluate the performance of TMS for the treatment of MDD in Native Hawaiian and other Pacifc Islander adolescents aged 14-17; we are planning on then progressing on to a sham-controlled RCT in a larger sample size of the same population to test its efficacy in not just Pacifc Islanders, but all youth.
Serum growth derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) as a predictor of response to HD-TDCS in bipolar affective disorder$$$ Background: Neurotrophic factors regulate the survival and growth of neurons and infuence synaptic efciency and plasticity. Preclinical studies suggest that changes in neurotrophic growth factor might be involved in the pathophysiology of mood disorder including bipolar disorder. The glial cell line derived neurotrophic factor is a part of the TGF-beta superfamily and is abundantly expressed in the central nervous system. Changes in GDNF homeostasis have been reported in patients with bipolar affective disorders. The neurobiological basis of bipolar disorder has received increased attention and several brain regions and brain circuits have been correlated with clinical symptoms. These brain regions and circuits may represent target for neuromodulation techniques such as HDtDCS which results in more focal stimulation of selected brain regions Aim/objectives: This study aimed to determine whether GDNF in serum was abnormal in bipolar affective disorder and how it responded to drug treatment with brain stimulation techniques like HDtDCS. Materials/method: The study sample consist of twenty (15) inpatient with bipolar affective disorder who were receiving treatment as usual (TAU) in Central institute of Psychiatry. They were randomly assigned to receive (real)active (n=7) or sham (n=8) brain stimulation by anodal HDtDCS of right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex twice a day for fve days. YMRS, BPRS scale were applied at baseline, before and after receiving HDtDCS to assess severity of psychopathology scores i.e mania with/without psychotic symptoms. Serum GDNF concentration were assessed at various mood state of mania i.e, at baseline, before and after receiving HDtDCS. Results & Discussion: The details would be shared at the time of presentation.
A randomized study comparing the short-term neurocognitive outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of patients with depression$$$ Background: Studies have compared electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with regard to their clinical efficacy in the treatment of depression, but only a few studies have addressed their differential impact on cognition. The purpose of this study was to compare the neurocognitive side effects of both treatment modalities. Methods: In this comparative study, 40 patients with major depressive disorder referred for ECT were randomly assigned either to a course of 25 sessions of rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or to a course of ECT ranging from 4 to 8 sessions. The primary outcome measures were the results of a cognitive battery that assessed different aspects of cognitive functioning. The cognitive battery comprised the Digit Span Subtest from the Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale, the Stroop Color-Word Test-Victoria version, the Color Trails Test Trials 1 and 2, and the Rey-Osterrieth Complex Figure Test. Results: At the end of treatment, scores on the Digit Span Subtest, the Stroop Color-Word Test-Victoria version, and the Color Trails Test showed statistically significant better results in the rTMS group compared with the ECT group. Conclusions: rTMS was well tolerated with less negative impact on cognitive functioning than ECT.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy versus transcranial direct current stimulation for augmenting selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in obsessive-compulsive disorder patients$$$ Introduction: Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) belongs to the categories of psychiatric disorders with the potential to turn into a chronic condition without receiving the necessary treatments. The main feature of OCD is the frequent or intense obsession and compulsion that might induce great pain and suffering in patients. Moreover, as one of the most prevalent abnormalities, depression usually follows OCD. The present study aimed to compare the effects of Exposure and Response Prevention (ERP) and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) treatments adjunct to pharmacotherapy on decreasing the severity of obsession-depression symptoms and improving the quality of life in OCD patients. Methods: This was a quasi-experimental study with a pre-test, post-test design and a follow-up stage. The statistical population comprised all the patients diagnosed with OCD in Zanjan Province, Iran. Besides, 26 OCD patients referring to Shahid Beheshti Medical Center in Zanjan were selected using a purposive sampling method. Then, they were randomly assigned to two treatment groups. The study subjects completed the Yale Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS), Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI 2), and the Quality of Life Questionnaire at the pre-treatment, post-treatment, and follow-up stages (1 month and 2 months after the treatment). Analysis of Covariance (ANCOVA) and Reliable Change Index (RCI) methods were used to measure statistical and clinical significances, respectively. The collected data were analyzed using SPSS. Results: The obtained data suggested no significant difference between the ERP and tDCS groups concerning the symptoms of OCD and depression at the post-test stage (P>0.05). Conversely, in terms of life quality, there was a significant difference between the ERP and tDCS groups at the post-test phase (P<0.05). Conclusion: Although the present findings revealed no statistically significant difference between the ERP and tDCS groups (except for the quality of life variable), the pharmacotherapy-ERP combination proved to be more effective than pharmaco therapy-tDCS in treating OCD patients.
Additional Safety and Exploratory Efficacy Data at 48 and 60 Months from Open-HART, an Open-Label Extension Study of Pridopidine in Huntington Disease$$$ Background: Open-HART was an open-label extension of HART, a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study of pridopidine in Huntington disease (HD). Previously, we reported safety and exploratory efficacy data after 36 months of treatment with pridopidine 45 mg twice daily. In the interim, emerging data suggests pridopidine may have neuroprotective effects mediated by sigma-1 receptor agonism. Objective: To report additional safety and exploratory efficacy data for continued open-label use of 45 mg BID pridopidine at 48 and 60 months. Methods: Patients in Open-HART were followed up to or greater than 60 months. Adverse events, concomitant medications, vital signs, laboratory values, and ECG data were monitored. Rates of decline in total functional capacity (TFC) and total motor score (TMS) over 60 months were evaluated in an exploratory analysis and compared between Open-HART and placebo recipients from the 2CARE trial. To account for missing data, sensitivity analyses were performed. Results: Of the original Open-HART baseline cohort (N = 118), 40 remained in the study at 48 months and 33 at 60 months. Pridopidine remained safe and well tolerated over the 60-month interval. TFC and TMS at 48 and 60 months remained stable, showing less decline at these timepoints compared to historical placebo controls from the 2CARE trial. TFC differences at 48 and 60 months observed remained nominally significant after sensitivity analysis. Conclusion: The 45 mg BID pridopidine dosage remained safe and tolerable over 60 months. Exploratory analyses show TFC and TMS stability at 48 and 60 months, in contrast to placebo historical controls from the 2CARE trial. Results are consistent with data reported from the recent Phase 2 PRIDE-HD trial showing less functional decline in the pridopidine 45 mg BID treated group at 52 weeks.
Electroconvulsive Therapy for Depression: A Review of the Quality of ECT versus Sham ECT Trials and Meta-Analyses$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is still being administered to approximately a million people annually. There have been no ECT versus simulated ECT (SECT) studies since 1985. The five meta-analyses of ECT versus SECT studies all claim that ECT is more effective than SECT for its primary target, severe depression. This review assesses the quality of those meta-analyses and of the 11 studies on which they are based. Methods: The meta-analyses were evaluated primarily in terms of whether they considered the quality of the studies they included, but also in terms of whether they addressed efficacy beyond end of treatment. The methodological rigor of the 11 studies included by one or more of the meta-analyses was assessed using a 24-point Quality scale developed for this review. Results: The five meta-analyses include between 1 and 7 of the 11 studies. The meta-analyses pay little or no attention to the multiple limitations of the studies they include. The 11 studies have a mean Quality score of 12.3 out of 24. Eight scored 13 or less. Only four studies describe their processes of randomization and testing the blinding. None convincingly demonstrate that they are double-blind. Five selectively report their findings. Only four report any ratings by patients. None assess Quality of Life. The studies are small, involving an average of 37 people. Four of the 11 found ECT significantly superior to SECT at the end of treatment, five found no significant difference and two found mixed results (including one where the psychiatrists reported a difference but patients did not). Only two higher Quality studies report follow-up data, one produced a near-zero effect size (.065) in the direction of ECT, and the other a small effect size (.299) in favor of SECT. Conclusions: The quality of most SECT–ECT studies is so poor that the meta-analyses were wrong to conclude anything about efficacy, either during or beyond the treatment period. There is no evidence that ECT is effective for its target demographic—older women, or its target diagnostic group—severely depressed people, or for suicidal people, people who have unsuccessfully tried other treatments first, involuntary patients, or children and adolescents. Given the high risk of permanent memory loss and the small mortality risk, this longstanding failure to determine whether or not ECT works means that its use should be immediately suspended until a series of well designed, randomized, placebo-controlled studies have investigated whether there really are any significant benefits against which the proven significant risks can be weighed.
Effectiveness of Emotional Memory Reactivation vs Control Memory Reactivation before Electroconvulsive Therapy in Adult Patients with Depressive Disorder: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is often effective, approximately half of patients with depression undergoing ECT do not benefit sufficiently, and relapse rates are high. ECT sessions have been shown to weaken reactivated memories. The effect of emotional memory retrieval on cognitive schemas remains unknown. Objective: To assess whether emotional memory retrieval just before patients receive ECT sessions weakens underlying cognitive schemas, improves ECT effectiveness, increases ECT response, and reduces relapse rates. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this multicenter randomized clinical trial conducted from 2014 to 2018 in the departments of psychiatry in 3 hospitals in the Netherlands, 72 participants were randomized 1:1 to 2 parallel groups to receive either emotional memory reactivation (EMR-ECT) or control memory reactivation (CMR-ECT) interventions before ECT sessions. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS [total score range: 0-52, with 0-7 indicating no depression and ≥24 indicating severe depression]) was used to measure symptoms of depression during and after ECT, with a 6-month follow-up period. Participants were between ages 18 and 70 years with a primary diagnosis of unipolar major depressive disorder (MDD) according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (Fourth Edition, Text Revision) and in whom ECT was indicated. Data analysis was performed from July to November 2019. Interventions: EMR-ECT or CMR-ECT interventions prior to ECT sessions. Main Outcomes and Measures: Depression scores and relapse rates within 6 months were assessed with the HDRS and analyzed using logistic and linear multiple regression analyses. Results: A total of 66 patients (mean [SD] age, 49.3 [12.3] years; 39 [59.1%] women) were randomized to the EMR-ECT group (n = 32) or the CMR-ECT group (n = 34). Regardless of the memory intervention, 42.4% (28 of 66) of patients responded (≥50% decrease of symptom severity on the HDRS). Of patients who responded, 39.3% (11 of 28) relapsed within 6 months. Remission rates (CMR-ECT group, 29.4% [10 of 34] vs EMR-ECT group, 25.0% [8 of 32]; P =.58), mean (SD) HDRS scores after the ECT course (CMR-ECT group, 14.6 [8.6] vs EMR-ECT group, 14.9 [8.8]; P =.88), total mean (SD) number of required ECT sessions for response (CMR-ECT group, 14.9 [7.9] vs EMR-ECT group, 15.6 [7.3]; P =.39), and relapse rates (CMR-ECT group, 46.7% [7 of 15] vs EMR-ECT group, 30.8% [4 of 13]; P =.33) were not significantly altered by the intervention. Conclusions and Relevance: Study findings suggest that the EMR-ECT intervention just before patient receipt of ECT for depression did not improve effectiveness, increase speed of response, or reduce relapse rates after the ECT course compared with patients receiving CMR-ECT. Trial Registration: Trialregister.nl Identifier: NL4289.
Design and Rationale of the PACt-MD Randomized Clinical Trial: Prevention of Alzheimer's dementia with Cognitive remediation plus transcranial direct current stimulation in Mild cognitive impairment and Depression$$$ Background: By the time Alzheimer's disease and related disorders (ADRD) are diagnosed, efficacy of treatments is limited. Preventive interventions are urgently needed. Objective: To design a randomized controlled trial to assess a novel intervention that aims to prevent ADRD in high-risk groups. Methods: We report on the rationale and describe the design of a multisite randomized controlled trial that aims to prevent ADRD in older persons with: (1) mild cognitive impairment (MCI); (2) remitted major depressive disorder (MDD) without MCI; or (3) remitted MDD with MCI. Results: PACt-MD (Prevention of Alzheimer's dementia with Cognitive remediation plus transcranial direct current stimulation in Mild cognitive impairment and Depression) is a trial that randomized 375 older participants with MCI, MDD, or MCI + MDD to cognitive remediation (CR) plus transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) or sham-CR + sham-tDCS for 5 days/week for 8 weeks followed by boosters for 5 days/week once every 6 months until participants progress to MCI or ADRD, or the end of the study. Between boosters, participants are asked to train on CR daily. At baseline, end of 8 weeks, and yearly from baseline, participants undergo clinical, cognitive, and functional assessments. The primary aims are to compare the efficacy of CR + tDCS versus sham + sham in preventing: 1) long-term cognitive decline; and 2) incidence of ADRD or MCI. The secondary aim is to assess for cognitive improvement after the 8-week course. We will also explore the moderating and mediating effects of several biomarkers collected from the participants. Conclusion: PACt-MD is unique in combining brain stimulation and a psychosocial intervention to prevent ADRD. PACt-MD is also a platform for studying multi-domain biomarkers that will advance our understanding of the relationships among MCI, MDD, and ADRD.
The role of inferior parietal lobule in task specific dystonia$$$ Objective: Using a novel methodology combining neuroimaging and trans cranial magnetic stimulation(TMS), we explored the differences in interactions between the principal nodes of the fine motor control network and cortical excitability in TSD patients and healthy matched controls. Furthermore, we evaluated the influence of inducing an long-term depression-like (LTD-like) plastic change in the parietal multimodal sensory association region on these interactions. Background: Humans have a distinguishing ability for fine motor control which is sub-served by a highly evolved cortico-moto-neuronal network. Task-specific dystonia (TSD) can be viewed as a corruption or loss of motor control confined to a single motor skill. Design/Methods: 9 patients with TSD and 12 age and sex-matched healthy volunteers (HV) underwent clinical assessment, high resolution structural MRI for tractography, and functional MRI (fMRI) during finger tapping task. TMS evaluation included measurement of the IOC, CSP, and cortico-cortical interactions between premotor ventral (PMv)-M1, anterior inferior parietal lobe (aIPL)-M1 and dorsal inferior parietal lobe (dIPL)-M1 at baseline and repeat assessment after inhibitory continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) block applied to the dIPL node using a randomized sham-controlled design. Results: Baseline dIPL-M1 and aIPL-M1 cortico-cortical interactions were facilitatory and inhibitory, respectively, in HV, whereas the interactions were noted to be converse and significantly different in TSD. Baseline PMv-M1 interactions were inhibitory and similar between the groups. Differences were also noted in the resting state functional connectivity between dIPL and PMv nodes with no differences noted in the structural connectivity. CSP was significantly prolonged in TSD cohort. After making a LTD-like plastic change to dIPL node, baseline aIPL-M1 interactions became significantly inhibitory and the prior inhibitory PMv-M1 interaction trended towards facilitation, only for the TSD group. Conclusions: TSD should be considered as a separate nosologic entity with the likely pathophysiologic mechanism being corruption of the parieto-premotor control of a highlyrefined motor skill.
Can tele-monitored transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) help manage fatigue and cognitive symptoms in parkinson's disease?$$$ Objective: To assess feasibility and explore the therapeutic potential of tele-monitored transcranial direct current stimulation (tele-tDCS) paired with cognitive training (CT) for PD patients. Clinical outcomes included fatigue, mood, motor and other non-motor symptoms. Background: Fatigue is one of the most prevalent and under-assessed non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease (PD). Current therapies have limited effectiveness. Presently, tDCS has shown potential to improve certain symptoms of PD. We designed a tDCS protocol to allow study participation from the patient's home. Design/Methods: Double-blind, randomized, sham controlled study of tele-tDCS paired with CT. Participants completed 20 daily tele-tDCS sessions (20-minute, 2.0-mA, F3-F4 bifrontal montage, left anodal). Results: 31 participants were screened, 29 enrolled (one screen failure); one participant withdrew consent, one participant is active. Tolerability and Safety: stimulation with ≤6 on visual analog scale for pain was 100%. Adverse events were comparable with previously published studies using conventional tDCS in lab settings. There were no serious adverse events. Compliance: 530 tele-tDCS sessions were performed with 100% compliance. One participant withdrew consent. Clinical Outcomes: Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS): both groups showed a decrease on FSS, however these improvement did not reach significance (p>0.05). Further analysis of 20 RS-tDCS sessions (in the subset of participants receiving real RS-tDCS and completing the extra 10 open label sessions) showed a significant decrease in mean FSS of 10.5 (SD 10.7) points (p=0.27) representing 23% of improvement. Exploratory Outcomes: there were significant improvements in fatigue (PROMIS fatigue), depression (BDI), sleep (PROMIS sleep impairment) and non-motor symptoms of PD (NMSS). The Holm-Bonferroni method was used for multiple comparisons. Conclusions: At-home RS-tDCS therapy paired with CT is safe and well tolerated by PD patients, with the advantages of ease of recruitment and optimal subject compliance. At-home tele-tDCS therapy shows potential to remediate PD symptoms. Our paradigm may be influential in designing future studies.
Comparison of Three Groups in the Gold Standard Non-Inferiority Design$$$ There are a number of situations where additional inclusion of a placebo arm in a non-inferiority trial is reasonable. Furthermore, proposals exist to decide when using placebo in clinical trials for methodological reasons is ethically justifiable. Due to the rich amount of information that can be gained, the three-arm design comparing placebo, the experimental treatment, and the reference is in the literature denoted as “gold standard” non-inferiority design. This chapter gives methods for sample size calculation for this design in case of normally distributed endpoints. Two different approaches are distinguished: the net effect approach, where assessment is based on the pairwise comparisons between placebo, the experimental treatment, and the reference, and the fraction effect approach, where non-inferiority assessment is based on effect retention of the experimental treatment versus the reference relative to placebo.
Determining the Effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on Depression and Anxiety in Methadone Consumers: A Randomized Controlled$$$ Background: Preliminary evidence suggests transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has antidepressant and antianxiety efficacy. Because its effects have not been tested on methadone consumers, we investigated its efficacy. Objectives: This research is aimed at determining the effect of tDCS on depression and anxiety in methadone consumers. Methods: The present study was conducted in a pretest-posttest design. In this research, 40 people were studied as a group. These people took a test before and after the 8 days of tDCS. After the primary test, people received device simulation for 8 consecutive days at a specific time. Kolmogorov-Smirnov and Wilcoxon tests were used for analyzing the data. Results: The results show that with the score of 1.69 for the first variable, the patients' anxiety level is much lower at the time of the electric stimulation. Also, regarding the score of 1.62 in the second hypothesis, it can be stated that the depression level was much lower at the time of performing the simulation. Conclusions: It seems that tDCS can improve the severity of depression and anxiety symptoms. It can be used as an effective treatment.
Does rTMS work through synaptic plasticity? a motor plasticity study of d-cycloserine$$$ Background: Although rTMS has been FDA approved for treating depression and more recently OCD, we are unclear about how it causes brain changes. A mechanistic rationale is essential to guiding therapeutic approaches. Objective: Animal studies support a hypothesis that 10 Hz rTMS may work through long-term potentiation (LTP), a form of synaptic plasticity. In humans, several studies have found n-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor activity, a critical step in the LTP pathway, to be necessary but not sufficient for theta burst stimulation (TBS)-induced motor plasticity. However, pharmacologic studies in unpaired, unpatterned 10 Hz rTMS (as used clinically) have never been reported. We aimed to test the hypothesis that TMS changes the brain through synaptic plasticity. Methods: 10 healthy young adults participated in a randomized, double-blind, crossover study. We excluded those with conditions which would affect plasticity, those with TMS contraindications. Participants received 100 mg d-cycloserine or placebo;2 hours before rTMS. Motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) were recorded before rTMS (baseline) and after rTMS at 15-minute intervals to 60 minutes. Results: MEPs obtained after rTMS were further potentiated when participants had been given NMDA receptor partial agonist DCS prior to rTMS, compared with placebo (F54.48, df562; p50.038). We used a general linear mixed model for continuous outcomes with a random effect for repeated measures accounted for in our statistical model of medication effect. Our statistical model also controlled for visit order, time, and condition-time interactions. Conclusion: We report that NMDA receptor partial agonism was sufficient to enhance rTMS-induced motor plasticity, tenably through LTP.
Transcranial direct current stimulation and attention skills in burnout patients: A randomized blinded sham-controlled pilot study$$$ Background: Burnout is characterized by deficiencies in attention and several components of the working memory. It has been shown that cognitive behavioral therapy can have a positive effect on burnout and depressive symptoms, however, the lingering effects of impaired attention and executive functions are the most frustrating. We hypothesized that anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (atDCS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) can improve the executive control of attention and possibly several other components of working memory in patients with burnout. Methods: This was a randomized double-blind sham-controlled pilot study with two groups. Patients with burnout received three weeks of daily sessions (15 sessions in total) of atDCS or sham stimulation in addition to three weekly sessions of standard behavioral therapy. The primary outcome measure was attention and the central executive of the working memory. Secondary, the effect of atDCS was measured on other components of working memory, on burnout and depression scores, and on quality of life (QoL). Results: We enrolled and randomly assigned 16 patients to a sham or real stimulation group, 15 (7 sham, 8 real) were included in the analysis. atDCS had a significant impact on attention. Post-hoc comparisons also revealed a trend towards more improvement after real tDCS for inhibition and shifting, updating and control, and encoding. Both groups improved on burnout and depression scores. Conclusion: These data provide preliminary evidence for the value of atDCS over the left DLPFC in rehabilitating attention deficits, and possibly also central executive and encoding deficits, in burnout. However, the current study has some limitations, including the sample size and heterogeneous patient population. More elaborate studies are needed to elucidate the specific impact of atDCS over the left DLPFC on burnout. Trial registration: ISRCTN.com ( ISRCTN94275121) 17/11/19
Does low frequency RTMS plays a role in the functional recovery of patients with ischemic stroke at sub-acute stage$$$ Background and Aims: Low frequency rTMS onto the contralateral cortex region alongwith Physiotherapy helps in the clinical recovery of Ischemic Stroke patients. We aim to investigate the role of 1Hz rTMS along with conventional physiotherapy in the functional recovery of patients with sub-acute ischemic stroke. Methods: In this Double blind RCT studyl,total N=96 patients diagnosed with first ever Ischemic Stroke, onset 15 days, NIHSS score 4-20 were recruited and were randomized after a run in period of 75±7days into Real rTMS (n=47) and Sham rTMS (n=49) Group Conventional physical therapy was given to both the groups for 90±7 days post recruitment. Total 10 sessions of 1Hz rTMS on contra lesional premotor cortex was administered to Real rTMS Group for 2 weeks followed by physiotherapy regime for 45-50 minutes. The primary efficacy outcomes were change in modified Barthel Index (mBI) score (pre to post score) and proportion of participants with mBI score more than 90, measured at 90th±7day post recruitment. The secondary outcomes were change in FMA-UE, FMA-LE, Hamilton Depression Scale, mRS and NIHSS (pre to post rTMS) scores at 90th±7day post recruitment. Results: Modified ITT showed a significant increase in the mBI score from pre to post rTMS in Real rTMS group (4.96±4.06) Vs Sham rTMS group (2.65±3.25). Conclusions: In patients with sub-acute ischemic stroke, 1 Hz low frequency rTMS on contralesional pre motor cortex along with conventional physical therapy resulted in significant change in mBI score.
Functional and physiological assessment of combined transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) and upper extremity training on acute stroke patients$$$ Objective: This is a pilot study is to explore the feasibility of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) treatment followed by standard occupational therapy on hemiparetic patients in an acute inpatient rehabilitation setting. Design: Prospective Randomized controlled study Setting: Acute inpatient rehabilitation unit in a community hospital Participants: Patients with acute hemiplegic stroke with onset 5-15 days between the age 18 and 90 Interventions: Two patients enrolled in the study, they were randomized into the active tDCS and sham stimulation groups. Subjects received tDCS stimulation or sham stimulation with the Activadose II tDCS device for five consecutive days. After receiving brain stimulation, the patients received upper limb movement training with an occupational therapist. Main Outcome Measures: Fugl- Meyer Assessment upper extremity scale and the standardized functional assessments from the BITS system. MOCA assessed cognitive changes. BECK depression inventory scale assessed patients' mood. Results: MOCA scoring in the treatment group was (pre;15, post;14), in the sham group (pre;25, post;23). BECK scale, treatment group (pre;7, post;2), sham group (pre;14, post;10). Fugl-Meyer scale treatment group (pre;51, post;57), sham group (pre;26, post;30). BITS scale, treatment group (pre; 17.14, post 34.88), sham group (pre;18.37, post 5.56). Conclusions: Two patients were recruited successfully with plans to enroll more subjects in the future. Both completed trials without any adverse events. Currently there is not enough data to perform statistical analysis. tDCS has the potential to be beneficial for patients with hemiparetic strokes when used in conjunction with occupational therapy.
Neuronavigated transcranial magnetic stimulation for prodromal dementia with major depression$$$ Objective: This study aims to assess the safety and clinical efficacy of MRIguided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major neurocognitive disorder (NCD) patients with depression. Methods: We conducted a randomized, single blind, sham-controlled clinical trial (Registration ID: ChiCTR-IOR-16008191). Seniors diagnosed with DSM-5 major NCD comorbid treatment-resistant depression were randomly allocated to two groups for a 3-week intervention of either active rTMS (10 Hz) or sham rTMS. Individual structural MRI image was used to localize the stimulation targets (left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, DLPFC) and guide the coil position during treatment. Depressive symptoms and cognitive function were evaluated at the baseline, 3rd week, 6th week and 12th week. Results: The dropout rate of this trial was 13.3% (8/60). The demographics and baseline profile were comparable between two groups. Cornell Scale for Depression in Dementia (CSDD) was used to assess the severity of depressive symptoms and Montreal cognitive assessment (MoCA) was used to assess the cognitive function. After the intervention (3rd week), both active rTMS and sham rTMS groups showed enhanced depressive symptoms and cognition. Compared to sham rTMS, active rTMS group had more mood enhancement (p=0.03) and cognitive gains (p=0.02). Conclusion: Neuronavigated rTMS over left DLPFC showed significant and moderate effects on depressive symptoms and global cognition in prodromal dementia patients, which could last for 2 months. It should be noted the significant placebo effect in rTMS intervention.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in management of pain, mood, functionality, and quality of life in patients undergoing hemodialysis: A study protocol for a double-blind controlled randomized trial$$$ Background: Persistent pain can lead to incapacitation requiring long-term pharmacological treatment. Up to 82% of chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients undergoing hemodialysis (HD) have chronic pain and most do not respond to usual medication. Advances in non-pharmacological treatments are necessary to promote pain relief without side effects and to restore functionality. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) promises to be a novel, cost-efficient, non-pharmacological treatment for CKD patients with chronic pain. In this study, we hypothesize that tDCS could improve pain, depression, functionality, and quality of life in patients with CKD undergoing HD. Methods/design: We describe a single-center, parallel-design, double blind randomized, sham-controlled trial. Forty-five subjects with CKD undergoing HD will be randomized to a motor cortex (M1), a dorso lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), or a sham group. A total of ten sessions will be administered to participants over 4 weeks using a monophasic continuous current with an intensity of 2 mA for 20 min. Participants will be evaluated at baseline, immediately after the tenth session, and at 1 week and 4 weeks of follow-up after the intervention. Pain, depression, functionality, and quality of life will be evaluated. Discussion: The results from this study will provide initial clinical evidence on the efficacy and safety of tDCS in patients with CKD undergoing HD. Trial registration: Brazilian Clinical Trials Registry/Registro Brasileiro de Ensaios Clínicos (ensaiosclinicos.gov.br), 1111-1216-0137. Registered on 20 June 2018.
Treatments for poststroke motor deficits and mood disorders: A systematic review for the 2019 U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs and U.S. Department of Defense guidelines for stroke rehabilitation$$$ Background: Early rehabilitation after stroke is essential to help reduce disability. Purpose: To summarize evidence on the benefits and harms of nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic treatments for motor deficits and mood disorders in adults who have had stroke. Data Sources: English-language searches of multiple electronic databases from April 2009 through July 2018; targeted searches to December 2018 for studies of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) or serotonin–norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors. Study Selection: 19 systematic reviews and 37 randomized controlled trials addressing therapies for motor deficits or mood disorders in adults with stroke. Data Extraction: One investigator abstracted the data, and quality and GRADE assessment were checked by a second investigator. Data Synthesis: Most interventions (for example, SSRIs, mental practice, mirror therapy) did not improve motor function. High-quality evidence did not support use of fluoxetine to improve motor function. Moderate-quality evidence supported use of cardiorespiratory training to improve maximum walking speed and repetitive task training or transcranial direct current stimulation to improve activities of daily living (ADLs). Low-quality evidence supported use of robotic arm training to improve ADLs. Low-quality evidence indicated that antidepressants may reduce depression, whereas the frequency and severity of antidepressant-related adverse effects was unclear. Low-quality evidence suggested that cognitive behavioral therapy and exercise, including mind– body exercise, may reduce symptoms of depression and anxiety. Limitation: Studies were of poor quality, interventions and comparators were heterogeneous, and evidence on harms was scarce. Conclusion: Cardiorespiratory training, repetitive task training, and transcranial direct current stimulation may improve ADLs in adults with stroke. Cognitive behavioral therapy, exercise, and SSRIs may reduce symptoms of poststroke depression, but use of SSRIs to prevent depression or improve motor function was not supported. Primary Funding Source: U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Veterans Health Administration.
Comparison of transcranial electrical stimulation regimens for effects on inhibitory circuit activity in primary somatosensory cortex and tactile spatial discrimination performance$$$ Transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) can be used to modulate inhibitory circuits in primary somatosensory cortex, resulting in improved somatosensory function. However, efficacy may depend on the specific stimulus modality and patterns. For instance, transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS), transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS), and transcranial pulsed current stimulation (tPCS) were found to stably and effectively modulate neuronal excitability, while anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) appeared less effective overall but with substantial response heterogeneity among subjects. Therefore, we compared the effects of tES applied to primary somatosensory cortex on somatosensory evoked potential paired-pulse depression (SEP-PPD) and tactile discrimination performance in 17 neurologically healthy subjects. In Experiment 1, somatosensory evoked potential N20/P25_SEP-PPD, N20_SEP-PPD, and P25_SEP-PPD responses were assessed before and immediately after anodal tDCS, tACS (stimulation frequency, 140 Hz), tRNS (stimulation frequency, 0.1–640 Hz), anodal tPCS (pulse width, 50 ms; inter-pulse interval, 5 ms), and sham stimulation applied to primary somatosensory cortex. In Experiment 2, a grating orientation task (GOT) was performed before and immediately after the same anodal tDCS, tRNS, anodal tPCS, and sham stimulation regimens. Anodal tDCS and anodal tPCS decreased N20_SEP-PPD, and tRNS increased the first N20 SEP amplitude. Furthermore, tRNS and anodal tPCS decreased GOT discrimination threshold (improved performance). These results suggest that tRNS and anodal tPCS can improve sensory perception by modulating neuronal activity in primary somatosensory cortex.
The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in older adults with mild cognitive impairment: A protocol for a randomized, controlled three-arm trial$$$ Background: Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI) carries a high risk of progression to Alzheimer's disease (AD) dementia. Previous clinical trials testing whether cholinesterase inhibitors can slow the rate of progression from MCI to AD dementia have yielded disappointing results. However, recent studies of the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in AD have demonstrated improvements in cognitive function. Because few rTMS trials have been conducted in MCI, we designed a trial to test the short-term efficacy of rTMS in MCI. Yet, in both MCI and AD, we know little about what site of stimulation would be ideal for improving cognitive function. Therefore, two cortical sites will be investigated in this trial: (1) the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), which has been well studied for treatment of major depressive disorder; and (2) the lateral parietal cortex (LPC), a novel site with connectivity to AD-relevant limbic regions. Methods/design: In this single-site trial, we plan to enroll 99 participants with single or multi-domain amnestic MCI. We will randomize participants to one of three groups: (1) Active DLPFC rTMS; (2) Active LPC rTMS; and (3) Sham rTMS (evenly split between DLPFC and LPC locations). After completing 20 bilateral rTMS treatment sessions, participants will be followed for 6 months to test short-term efficacy and track durability of effects. The primary efficacy measure is the California Verbal Learning Test-II (CVLT-II), assessed 1 week after intervention. Secondary analyses will examine effects of rTMS on other cognitive measures, symptoms of depression, and brain function with respect to the site of stimulation. Finally, selected biomarkers will be analyzed to explore predictors of response and mechanisms of action. Discussion: The primary aim of this trial is to test the short-term efficacy of rTMS in MCI. Additionally, the project will provide information on the durability of cognitive effects and potentially distinct effects of stimulating DLPFC versus LPC regions. Future efforts would be directed toward better understanding therapeutic mechanisms and optimizing rTMS for treatment of MCI. Ultimately, if rTMS can be utilized to slow the rate of progression to AD dementia, this will be a significant advancement in the field. Trial registration: Clinical Trials NCT03331796. Registered 6 November 2017, https://clinicaltrials.gov/ct2/show/NCT03331796. All items from the World Health Organization Trial Registration Data Set are listed in Appendix A. Protocol version: This report is based on version 1, approved by the DSMB on 30 November, 2017 and amended on 14 August, 2018 and 19 September, 2019.
Pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions of depression after traumatic brain injury: A systematic review$$$ Individuals with traumatic brain injury (TBI) manifest a high incidence of depression, which is associated with an impaired recovery from TBI and a lower quality of life. Several neurobiological changes in patients with TBI contribute a form of depression that is unique to that of general depression. This is evinced by the poor efficacy of antidepressants in treating post-TBI depression relative to general depression. In general, however, the treatment of post-TBI depression has received relatively scattered attention in the literature. The purpose of this review is thus to discuss about the possible pathology of depression following TBI and summarize the recent findings on the treatment of it in clinical studies. While both pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches can reportedly attenuate depressive symptoms in patients with TBI to a moderate extent, the various limitations of such studies require that further well-powered, randomized controlled trials with larger sample sizes and longer follow-ups are warranted to investigate the exact pathophysiology underlying post-TBI depression, the mechanism underlying treatment efficacy, and the optimal pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions for this population. A combination of different treatments in a comprehensive therapeutic regimen may be an optimal direction for future research.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a common condition with current treatments being only moderately effective. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques might provide a novel approach for treating GAD. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown promising efficacy and tolerability for major depression but has not been investigated for GAD yet. Thus, we investigated the effects of tDCS on patients with GAD. Methods: We conducted a pilot, double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial on 30 GAD patients. Five sessions of tDCS (2 mA, 20 min, anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and cathode over the right supraorbital cortex) were performed. Anxiety was the primary outcome and it was measured by the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale and the Beck Anxiety Inventory. Secondary outcomes were accessed by the Lipp Inventory of Stress Symptoms for Adults, Positive and Negative Affect Schedule, and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Data were examined at baseline, after the 5th day of intervention, and at 1-week follow-up. Results: Thirty patients finished the study. There were no significant improvements in anxiety, mood symptoms of stress, affectivity or depression. Anodal stimulation of the left DLPFC showed significant improvements in physical symptoms of stress in GAD patients. Limitations: Additional tDCS sessions could have resulted in larger tDCS effects. Conclusion: Five sessions of anodal tDCS over the DLPFC did not improve the main outcomes for GAD patients, although physical symptoms of stress were improved. The role of tDCS in GAD should be explored in larger patient samples using different parameters.
Less memory complaints with reduced stimulus dose during electroconvulsive therapy for depression$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression, but there is risk of cognitive adverse events. This risk has been partially attributed to electrical charge, thus the optimal electrical stimulus dose is still under discussion. The aim of this study was to evaluate how the risk of subjective memory worsening was changed after lowering stimulus dose during ECT for patients with major depression. Method: A retrospective register-based intervention study of the effects of reduced electrical charges for patients receiving ECT for depression was conducted. The primary outcome was subjective memory worsening and the secondary outcome change in effect on depressive symptoms. Results: A total of 154 patients were enrolled in the study (High dosage group: n = 57; Lower dosage group: n = 97). Subjective memory worsening after ECT occurred in 44% of patients in the high dosage group and in 25% of patients in the lower dosage group(p = 0.014). There was no significant between-group difference in the anti-depressive effect of ECT. Limitations: The study was register-based and the two groups were not randomized. A large portion of patients were initially excluded due to missing data in the register. The study lacks a long-term follow up. Conclusion: After implementing a change of treatment protocol, that lowered ECT stimulus doses from high to moderate, the occurrence of subjective memory worsening was significantly reduced without compromising treatment results.
Measuring change in anhedonia using the “Happy Faces” task pre- to post-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD): relation to empathic happiness$$$ We investigated whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) would reduce anhedonia in a sample of 19 depressed adults (Mage = 45.21, SD = 11.21, 63% women) randomized to either active or sham rTMS. To track anhedonia, patients completed the Snaith-Hamilton Pleasure Scale (SHAPS)1 and a novel behavioral task called “Happy Faces,” which required patients to interpret neutral versus various intensities of positively valenced human facial expressions. Patients had to indicate dichotomously whether any degree of positive emotion was expressed. We expected that more anhedonic patients would struggle most with low intensity happy faces; often incorrectly calling them neutral. Patients also completed a self-report measure of “empathic happiness”—i.e., vicarious joy. Measures were completed pre- to post-treatment. Results indicate rTMS to DLPFC related to improvement in interpretation of subtle forms of happiness in active rTMS patients relative to sham. Furthermore, empathic happiness and anhedonia score were significantly antagonistic across all patients.
Exercise increases caudate dopamine release and ventral striatal activation in Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: The objective of this study was to examine the effects of aerobic exercise on evoked dopamine release and activity of the ventral striatum using positron emission tomography and functional magnetic resonance imaging in Parkinson's disease (PD). Methods: Thirty-five participants were randomly allocated to a 36-session aerobic exercise or control intervention. Each participant underwent an functional magnetic resonance imaging scan while playing a reward task before and after the intervention to determine the effect of exercise on the activity of the ventral striatum in anticipation of reward. A subset of participants (n = 25) completed [11C] raclopride positron emission tomography scans to determine the effect of aerobic exercise on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation-evoked release of endogenous dopamine in the dorsal striatum. All participants completed motor (MDS-UPDRS part III, finger tapping, Timed-up-and-go) and nonmotor assessments (Starkstein Apathy Scale, Beck Depression Inventory, reaction time, Positive and Negative Affect Schedule, Trail Making Test [A and B], and Montreal Cognitive Assessment) before and after the interventions. Results: The aerobic group exhibited increased activity in the ventral striatum during functional magnetic resonance imaging in anticipation of 75% probability of reward (P = 0.01). The aerobic group also demonstrated increased repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation-evoked dopamine release in the caudate nucleus (P = 0.04) and increased baseline nondisplaceable binding potential in the posterior putamen of the less affected repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation-stimulated hemisphere measured by position emission tomography (P = 0.03). Conclusions: Aerobic exercise alters the responsivity of the ventral striatum, likely related to changes to the mesolimbic dopaminergic pathway, and increases evoked dopamine release in the caudate nucleus. This suggests that the therapeutic benefits of exercise are in part related to corticostriatal plasticity and enhanced dopamine release. © 2019 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society.
P.840 Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation of the frontopolar cortex on analogical reasoning performance$$$ Background: Non-invasive transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of prefrontal brain areas has proven to be a promising and safe method for enhancement of cognitive performance. Evidence suggests encouraging therapeutic applications for several psychiatric disorders. Patient groups that are characterized by a hyperstable condition (e.g. depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, addiction) could benefit from a frontopolar tDCS by increasing their ability to solve problems in a creative way, since in these patient groups an improvement in symptoms is often accompanied by changes in frontopolar cortex functions. This study is part of the development of frontopolar tDCS as a brain stimulation technique in our laboratory. Since research indicates complex interactions between tDCS and concurrent cognitive tasks, we first test the method in healthy individuals using a cognitive task that has shown to significantly increase the performance in creative analogical reasoning [1]. Methods: Fifty psychologically and neurologically healthy adult volunteers, native German speakers, with an IQ over 70 and right-handedness, are included in this randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. For the application of tDCS a 4x1 High Definition (HD) stimulator is used. The anode electrode is placed at the 10-10 electrode position AF3 and the cathodes at the positions FPz, Fz, F7 and FC3. Sham or real (2mA) stimulation is applied for 20 minutes. After five minutes of stimulation the analogical reasoning is tested using the analogy finding task paradigm [2]. The task is to assign word-pairs to each other according to the scheme "A is to B as C is to D". Participants are asked to be creative in their search for pairs of analogies. For a preliminary sample of N=8/9 per group, the overall semantic distance and the mean semantic distance of valid analogies as well as the number of valid and unvalid analogies found by the participants was compared for both groups with a one-way ANOVA and equality of variances was checked with Levene's tests. Results: The one-way ANOVA yielded no significant results. Remarkably, numerically the data does not point to an improvement of performance in the tDCS group. Levene's tests resulted in significantly (p < 0.05) different variances between groups for overall semantic distance, mean semantic distance and number of valid analogies, with the tDCS group showing larger variances than the sham group. Conclusions: The numerical group difference does not suggest the behavioural improvement under tDCS found in the study by Green and colleagues (cf. [1]). The larger range of individual performance in the tDCS group could be due to individually diverging factors, such as brain structure or arousal state. Concluding, this preliminary data suggests that an increase in creative analogical reasoning with frontopolar tDCS is not replicable. However, in the present study tDCS shows an individually variable effect, so that previous studies should put effort in examining underlying interindividual differences and in the design of a controlled setup, leading to a consistent cognitive improvement.
P.838 Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression in schizophrenia: Focus on cognitive functions$$$ Introduction: Depression is the most common co-occurring syndrome in schizophrenia, which has an association with aggravated course of illness, decreased quality of life and increased mortality rates [1]. Poor response to pharmacological treatment supports rising interest in brain stimulation techniques for this condition [2]. Comparing to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) rTMS has fewer risks and potentially beneficial effects on cognition [3]. It is known that depressive, negative and cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia are linked with prefrontal cortex dysfunction, thus stimulation of this brain area might be considered. Aims: Efficacy and safety of rTMS for depression in schizophrenia, association between cognitive disturbances and rTMS efficacy. Methods: Sixty-six patients with schizophrenia (ICD-10) stabilized on antipsychotic medication and without exacerbation of psychotic symptoms were included in the study. All the patients had major depression (CDSS score ≥ 6). Negative symptoms were prevalent in all patients. Mean PANSS composite index was -10,9±4,6. Patients were divided randomly into 2 groups. Patients of the 1st group received 15-Hz rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (100% intensity, 6-second trains, 60-second intervals, and 20-train session). Sessions were given 5 times a week for 3 weeks. In the 2nd group the antidepressant treatment was used as an active control. Antipsychotic therapy was continued at the same doses throughout the study in both groups. Patients were assessed weekly with CDSS, PANSS, CGI-S and with the battery of cognitive tests (“10 words”, Benton's test, “Coding”, “Switching count”, “Verbal fluency test”). The criterion of efficacy was 50% CDSS score reduction after 3 weeks of treatment. Results: The number of responders was 62,5% in the rTMS group and 52,9% in the control group. CDSS score reduction after 3 weeks was 50,6% (p<0,05) in rTMS group and 47,4% (p<0,05) in the control group, PANSS negative subscale reduction was 15,5% (p<0,05) vs. 5,8% (p<0,05) correspondingly. The results of cognitive tests had an inverse correlation with PANSS negative subscale, the strongest Spearman's correlation was -0,45 (p<0,05) with “Coding” task's scores. The improvement of “Coding” task's score was 20,3% (p<0,05) in rTMS group and 11,4% (p<0,05) in the control group. This test represents attention and executive functions. Fast cognitive response (≥10% rise in “Coding” score after the first week) was more likely to correspond with the positive outcome of rTMS (OR=1,4). Changes in verbal and visual memory were minimal in both groups. Good tolerability, rapid onset of action, improvement of executive functions and more potent reduction of negative symptoms were the prominent features of rTMS action. Conclusions: The study revealed that rTMS is comparable in efficacy to conventional pharmacological treatment of depression in schizophrenia. Moreover, rTMS reduces negative symptoms and improves cognitive functions better than antidepressants. Fast cognitive response might be considered as potential predictor of rTMS efficacy. Further studies are needed.
Pain Management in Multiple Sclerosis: a Review of Available Treatment Options$$$ Purpose of review: Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is a chronic autoimmune disease with no curative treatment available. While recent years have ushered in many effective new disease-modifying therapies for MS, they have not obviated the need for symptomatic treatments for MS-related pain. In this review, we discuss available approaches to control pain, which is one of the most common complaints MS patients have. Recent findings: The most recent research in this topic is directed towards non-pharmacologic interventions including water exercises, yoga and cannabis. More trials are being conducted on neuromodulation for MS-related neuropathic pain, including transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Summary: Pain control for MS patients is challenging, considering the progressive and relapsing remitting nature of the disease, however, it is a very important aspect of it’s management, as it improves mobility, exercise tolerance, concomitant depression and overall quality of life. Future research should focus on the use of neuromodulation in controlling MS pain.
Comparison of premedication with low-dose midazolam versus etomidate for reduction of etomidate-induced myoclonus during general anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: A variety of anesthetics including methohexital, thiopental sodium, propofol, ketamine, and etomidate are used for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), each accompanied by adverse effects that can cause unpleasant experiences for patients. Etomidate-induced myoclonus is among the adverse effects. We attempted to assess the effect of premedication with low-dose midazolam compared to etomidate on the reduction of this complication. Objectives: This study was designed to compare the effectiveness of low-dose etomidate and low-dose midazolam to suppress etomidate-induced myoclonus in ECT. Methods: This randomized double-blinded clinical trial was conducted on 132 patients who were candidates for ECT. They were divided into three groups of 44 patients to receive 0.015 mg/kg midazolam, 0.03 mg/kg etomidate, or placebo. Independent t-test and chi-square test were used for comparison of variables. Results: The frequency of myoclonic movements during anesthesia was different between the three groups (P value < 0.001). My-oclonic movements were significantly lower in the midazolam group than in the placebo (P value < 0.001) and etomidate (P value = 0.002) groups. In addition, the intensity of myoclonic movements was significantly higher in the midazolam group than in the placebo and etomidate groups (P value < 0.001). Conclusions: Low-dose midazolam (0.015 mg/kg) before anesthesia induction with etomidate was accompanied with significantly lower incidence and intensity of myoclonus than low-dose etomidate (0.03 mg/kg).
P.301 Hippocampal subfield volumetric changes following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with late-life depression$$$ Background: Volumetric reductions in the hippocampal formation in major depressive disorder (MDD) and increased hippocampal volume following electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are robust phenomena [1,2]. Whilst hippocampal volumetric increase does not appear to be associated with clinical improvement in depressed patients, two recent studies investigating hippocampal subfields have shown that dentate gyrus increase is positively associated with remission [3] and mood improvement [4]. Investigating hippocampal subfields may therefore provide greater insight into the effect of ECT on the hippocampus. Objective: Our primary aim was to replicate the latest findings from Takamiya et al. [3] and Nuninga et al. [4] with data from the MODECT study (Mood Disorders in Elderly treated with ECT) i.e to detect volumetric changes in hippocampal subfields following ECT, especially in the dentate gyrus. Methods: We investigated ECT-induced changes in hippocampal subfields in 77 patients (72 years) with Late-Life Depression (LLD) who were part of the MODECT study. Hippocampal subfield data (CA1, CA2/3 and CA4/DG) were obtained for each hemisphere one week before starting ECT and one week following the last ECT from high resolution 3D T1-weighted MRI scans using the automated MAGeT-Brain (Multiple Automatically Generated Templates) pipeline [5]. Mixed effect linear modelling with subject as random effect was used to determine subfield volumetric changes over time and investigate the relationship of volume change with mood (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale) and cognition (Mini-Mental State Examination). To control for the possible effect of study site it was included as a covariate. Results were considered significant if they exceeded a P-value threshold of p=0.05 for main effects of subfield, and Bonferroni corrected p-threshold for associations with mood and cognition (p=0.05/2 =0.025). Results: Relative to pre-ECT, no changes in any hippocampal subfield (CA1, CA2/3 and CA4/DG) following ECT were detected via multiple linear regression. All regression models failed to reject the null-hypothesis that the ‘Time’ coefficient was different from zero (all p > 0.05). There were no significant associations with volumetric change in any subfield and mood (MADRS) (> p =.043, CA1) or cognition (MMSE) (> p =.047) after ECT after correction for multiple comparisons. Conclusion: In our sample, hippocampal subfield structures defined as CA1, CA2/3 and CA4/DG did not change significantly following ECT, nor were any volumetric changes (if present) associated with mood or cognition. We investigated a larger sample using a comparable segmentation approach [3], but did not replicate the increase in dentate gyrus volume and its association with clinical improvement in our population of patients with late-life depression. This could be due to differences in field strength (3T v 7T) [4] or population age [3,4]. However, our results are in line with findings of no increase in other subfields [4]. The relationship between volumetric change in individual hippocampal subfields and increase in whole hippocampal volume following ECT requires further investigation.
P.337 Efficacy and safety of unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression in elderly patients: A randomized trial$$$ Background: ECT is the most effective and rapid treatment for severe depression. It applies in particular to elderly patients,who respond poorly to medications and are at a high risk for drug-induced toxicity. However, ECT has also been associated with cognitive side-effects and this raises concerns especially in the elderly population. It appears to be lack of consensus regarding this issue in the literature [1,2]. Some studies suggest better cognitive outcomes when right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (RUL) is given though it historically has been deemed less effective [3–5]. Objective: The aim of the study was to compare clinical outcomes and adverse effects between RUL and bilateral (BT) ECT in elderly population with a current major depressive episode. Methods: Twenty- nine patients, over the age of 65 years with bipolar and unipolar depression were randomly assigned to receive either RUL or BT ECT.The Thymatron® System IV, brief pulse width (0.5ms) and age-based dosing method were used in accordance with the manufacturer's instructions.The clinical state was monitored at the baseline and at the end of ECT treatment. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-21), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II)and Clinical Global Impression-Severity (CGI-S) were used. Cognitive assessments were performed before and 2 weeks after the course of ECT using Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE),Trail Making Test (TMT), Rey-Osterrieth Complex Figure (ROCF) tests, Rey Auditory Verbal Learning (RAVLT), verbal fluency, Stroop tests and Autobiographical Memory Interviev- Short Form (AMI-SF). The results were analyzed with an intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis. Results: Twenty-nine patients were enrolled (sixteen diagnosed with bipolar and thirteen with unipolar depression). Fifteen patients were randomized to RUL group and fourteen to BT group (ITT population). Twenty- eight patients completed the study. There was one dropout (in the BT group due to severe, recurrent confusion). No significant differences were observed between the groups in demographic and clinical characteristics. A significant improvement was found in both groups (p<0.001). Efficacy outcomes were not found to be significantly different (p=0.3) between RUL and BT groups. The indices of cognitive functions were significantly better than before the treatment in the RUL group (general cognition, verbal memory and learning, verbal fluency), all p<0.01.The autobiographical memory was not affected in RUL group, while patients in BT group showed significant impairment in this domain compared to baseline. Patients in BT group were also significantly more likely to be confused and experienced cardiac arrhytmias compared with the RUL group (p<0.01). Conclusions: RUL ECT does not differ from BT ECT in antidepressant efficacy and has a huge cognitive advantages in population of elderly patients. In addition to its antidepressant effect RUL ECT may exert a favourable influence on some cognitive functions.This study found RUL ECT to be an effective, safe and first choice of ECT treatment in elderly patients.
P.539 Augmentative repetitive TMS in the treatment of poor responder depressed patients: a follow up study$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a guidelines approved treatment for depression [1,2]. Most recent studies showed a positive acute response, targeting specific brain regions with different patterns of stimulation and extended TMS application to other psychiatric disorders, likewise bipolar disorder. Particularly, augmentative repetitive TMS (rTMS) has shown efficacy as an adjunctive treatment in both unipolar and bipolar depression, as recently reported in a study of our group [3]. Nowadays, the debate on the durability of TMS antidepressant effect is still open since most of studies lack of an adequate follow-up period. Aim: The present open-label prospective study aimed to assess rTMS efficacy and durability evaluating its induced antidepressant response in a sample of poor responder/treatment resistant depressed patients. Methods: Thirty-seven patients affected by unipolar or bipolar depression (male: 54.8%; mean age: 49 years; bipolar patients: 45.2%) and with a current moderate/severe major depressive episode (according to DSM-5 criteria) were recruited. Sociodemographic and clinical characteristics of study sample were collected. Patients were considered poor responder/drug resistant according to the lack of antidepressant response to 4-weeks stable antidepressant medications (respectively, HAM-D variation between 25% and 50% or ≤ 25% compared to the baseline). rTMS was considered an adjunctive treatment since all patients had to continue unmodified medications for all the durability of the study. Patients were randomly assigned to three different rTMS stimulation protocols according to international guidelines [4] and each one was performed for 4 weeks, targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Psychometric evaluations (HAM-D, MADRS, HAM-A, YMRS, CGI-S) were performed weekly during rTMS stimulation and monthly during 6 months follow-up. Results: Thirty-one patients completed the study: drop-outs (11%) were mainly due to clinical worsening and subsequent changes in medications and only one was due to TMS related side effects. Twenty patients (64.5%) showed clinical response at the end of the acute treatment, with additional 7 patients (22.5%) during the follow-up. More in detail, 54.8% achieved a partial response (HAM-D reduction between 25% and 50%), 16.1% a complete response (HAM-D reduction ≥ 50%), and 16.1% a remission (HAM-D ≤ 8). Statistical analyses did not show any correlation between a specific TMS protocol and response rate. Median time to response was 4.43 weeks. Response rate was significantly correlated with age at first treatment (p=0.02), with no differences with respect other clinical variables. A positive history of psychiatric disease (p=0.02) was correlated with a longer time to response, with similar trend regarding lifetime psychiatric hospitalization (p=0.08), suicidal ideation (p=0.09), and a complex pharmacological treatment (p=0.09). During the follow-up, relapse rate was 20%, with relapses occurring briefly after the end of the treatment (median time 6.25 weeks). Conclusions: The present study confirmed augmentative rTMS to be a safe and an effective technique in the acute treatment of resistant depression, showing an additional response occurring after the end of the acute treatment. Additionally, a maintained response in the majority of the present sample (80%) emerged underling the potential prolonged effect of this procedure in depression relapse prevention.
P.227 Psychiatric drug use in pregnancy: retrospective analysis of data from a psychiatry hospital$$$ Background: Women with severe mental illness are at risk for disease exacerbation and morbidity related to disease (eg, suicide) in the perinatal period. The selection and dosing of the appropriate drug for the treatment of mental illness during pregnancy is difficult in terms of balancing the optimal treatment of the mother and minimal fetal exposure. The general approach is to interrupt treatment in the first trimester, especially in embryogenesis [1]. In this study, we aimed to review our treatment approach in patients who presented to our hospital, who had pre-pregnancy or mental illness that started in pregnancy. Methods: In this study, the data of 36 pregnant women admitted to inpatient services and outpatient clinics of Pamukkale University Psychiatry department were retrospectively reviewed. Results: The mean age of 36 pregnant women included in the study was 29.72±6,074 (18-42) years. The gestational age at the first admission of the patients was evaluated and the mean age was 16.5±9,67 (4-35) weeks. 11.1% (n = 4) patients with anxiety disorder, 33.3% (n = 12) patients with depression, 30.6% (n = 11) patients with bipolar disorder manic attack, 8.3% (n = 3) patients OCD, 16.7% (n = 6) patients were followed with the diagnosis of psychotic disorder. %27,8 (n=10) patients who were in remission were followed up without drug during their pregnancy. 55.6% (n = 20) patients were followed with pharmacotherapy. In addition to pharmacotherapy, 8,3% (n = 3) patients received ECT and 2,8% (n = 1) received r-TMS. 2.8% (n = 1) of the patients were treated with ECT only and 2.8% (n = 1) were treated with r-TMS only. Pharmacotherapy was 27.8% (n = 10) in patients with sertraline, 33.3% (n = 12) with olanzapine, 30.6% (n = 11) with quetiapine, 5.6% (n = 2) risperidone, 2%, 8 (n = 1) with buspirone, 2.8% (n = 1) with clozapine was used. The current treatment of patients who were using pre-pregnancy haloperidol depot (2.8%, n = 1) and risperidone depot (2.8%, n = 1) was continued throughout the pregnancy. The pregnancy process of 36 pregnants was followed without any problems. As far as we know, no health problems or teratogenic effects due to the drugs used during the pregnancy in newborn infants were observed. Conclusion: It has also been demonstrated that discontinuing ongoing maintenance treatment for severe mood and psychotic disorders during pregnancy carries a high risk of disease recurrence [2]. However, during the past decade more safety data have accumulated suggesting that antipsychotics are relatively safe to use in pregnancy [3]. Thus, for women with substantial psychiatric morbidity and good treatment response, maintained use of an antipsychotic during pregnancy might often represent the best risk–benefit option. There is no randomised controlled trial evidence on the efficacy of antidepressants or antipsychotics in pregnancy (and only emerging such evidence of the benefit of antidepressants on postnatal depression), but observational studies suggest higher relapse rates among those who discontinue drugs, especially among women with recurrent or recent episodes, and those who stop drugs abruptly [3].
P.656 Safety, tolerability and effectiveness of 1Hz right-sided dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rTMS using parabolic coils in major depression: A case series$$$ Introduction: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common and disabling illness, with an annual and a lifetime prevalence of 4.7% and 11.3%, respectively [1]. It is the second leading cause of global disability worldwide, with high occupational and economic impact. Standard treatment involves the use of antidepressant and/or psychotherapy, with the former suffering from tolerability issues, and the latter from limited availability. This makes the study of alternative treatments for MDD an important area of research. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective and well-tolerated treatment for MDD, as shown over two decades of randomized studies [2]. Because of several issues, its use has been limited to patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Indeed, even though 10 Hz and the newly FDA-approved intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) protocols have shown efficacy in the treatment of TRD, widespread adoption has been impeded by complexity of use, high acquisition and operational costs of equipment, the need for patients to travel to a treatment center daily for several weeks (usually 6 weeks for a full course of 30 sessions), need for precise coil placement, tolerability issues in some, and finally possible seizure risk [3]. These obstacles need to be addressed to improve access to this form of therapy, which is frequently sought after by patients for both its lower side effect profile compared to medication and proven efficacy. Our group currently aims at addressing these issues by developing and validating a novel rTMS technique optimized for scalability and cost-effectiveness. One key process is the use of a right-sided low-frequency (1 Hz) rTMS protocol, delivered through simple wide-field circular (ring) coils, that are more affordable than regular focal rTMS coils while remaining easier to use. Even though 1 Hz rTMS is efficacious in TRD [4], and possibly has better safety and tolerability over high-frequency protocols [5], data regarding its delivery through circular coils has to our knowledge never been reported. Hypothesis: The application of 1 Hz right-sided dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (R-DLPFC) rTMS stimulation protocol (360 pulses, 6 cycles of 60 seconds on and 30 seconds off, 8.5 minutes total duration) [4] using R30 stimulators and the circular MMC-140 coil (Magventure, Farum, Denmark) will be safe, well-tolerated and efficacious in rTMS-naïve patients with TRD. Methods: In our yet limited and ongoing patient cohort, we retrieved clinical characteristics, treatment parameters, serious adverse events, treatment-limiting side effects and outcomes for a series of 25 patients who completed over 20 sessions of treatment at our clinic between August 2018 and April 2019. Results: Preliminary data suggests no serious adverse events or treatment-limiting side-effects. A total of 8/25 (32%) classified as responders (over 50% decrease in symptoms) and 4/25 (16%) as remitters. Conclusion: The simplicity, safety, tolerability and efficacy of this protocol in TRD could warrant a head-to-head non-inferiority randomized controlled trial against standard rTMS, such as 10 Hz or iTBS. If successful, such a trial could simplify the procedure, and eventually pave the way for home-based treatment.
Effectiveness of integrative medicine group visits in chronic pain and depressive symptoms: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Current treatment options for chronic pain and depression are largely medication-based, which may cause adverse side effects. Integrative Medical Group Visits (IMGV) combines mindfulness techniques, evidence based integrative medicine, and medical group visits, and is a promising adjunct to medications, especially for diverse underserved patients who have limited access to non-pharmacological therapies. Objective Determine the effectiveness of IMGV compared to a Primary Care Provider (PCP) visit in patients with chronic pain and depression. Design 9-week single-blind randomized control trial with a 12-week maintenance phase (intervention- medical groups; control-primary care provider visit) Setting Academic tertiary safety-net hospital and 2 affiliated federally-qualified community health centers. Participants 159 predominantly low income racially diverse adults with nonspecific chronic pain and depressive symptoms. Interventions IMGV intervention- 9 weekly 2.5 hour in person IMGV sessions, 12 weeks on-line platform access followed by a final IMGV at 21 weeks. Measurements Data collected at baseline, 9, and 21 weeks included primary outcomes depressive symptoms (Patient Health Questionnaire 9), pain (Brief Pain Inventory). Secondary outcomes included pain medication use and utilization. Results There were no differences in pain or depression at any time point. At 9 weeks, the IMGV group had fewer emergency department visits (RR 0.32, 95% CI: 0.12, 0.83) compared to controls. At 21 weeks, the IMGV group reported reduction in pain medication use (Odds Ratio: 0.42, CI: 0.18-0.98) compared to controls. Limitations Absence of treatment assignment concealment for patients and disproportionate group attendance in IMGV. Conclusion Results demonstrate that low-income racially diverse patients will attend medical group visits that focus on non-pharmacological techniques, however, in the attention to treat analysis there was no difference in average pain levels between the intervention and the control group.
Feasibility of Computerized Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy Combined With Bifrontal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Treatment of Major Depression$$$ Background: Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is effective in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has demonstrated preliminary antidepressant effects and beneficial effects on cognitive function. Objective: We investigated the feasibility and acceptability of using tDCS to enhance the effects of computer-based CBT for treatment of MDD. Materials and Methods: In a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study, 14 patients with MDD on stable or no pharmacotherapy received active or sham bifrontal tDCS for four weeks with concurrent CBT. Results: Ten participants completed the protocol. Three withdrew from the study because of lack of efficacy or dislike of the eCBT program. One was discontinued from the protocol by the investigators. Treatment was well tolerated, and most side-effects were mild and consistent with prior tDCS research. Pooled data from both groups showed significant baseline to endpoint improvement in depression (p = 0.008). Overall percent change on the HAMD-21 was 28.98%. The study was underpowered to detect differences in tDCS treatment groups. Conclusions: Combining tDCS with computer-based CBT is feasible for MDD. Further work is needed to evaluate potential synergistic effects of combined tDCS and CBT. Keywords: Depression, transcranial direct current stimulation, cognitive behavior therapy.
Brain Activity and Clinical Outcomes in Adults With Depression Treated With Synchronized Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: An Exploratory Study$$$ Background: Synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (sTMS) imparts low-amplitude magnetic stimulation matched to each patient's individual alpha frequency. It may act through entrainment of brain oscillations. Objectives: To explore sTMS effects on neurophysiology with electroencephalography (EEG) in adults with major depressive disorder. Methods: As an ancillary study to a clinical trial of sTMS, EEGs were recorded at baseline and at one and six weeks of treatment. Associations between EEG measures and clinical symptoms were examined. Results: Absolute and relative power measures did not differ significantly between active and sham groups and did not change significantly over time. Changes occurring over six weeks in alpha current source density at anterior and central midline voxels were significantly correlated with changes in symptoms in subjects treated with active but not sham sTMS. Conclusion: Neurophysiologic measures suggest that active but not sham sTMS engages brain targets, and that target engagement is related to treatment outcome.
Placebo aiTBS attenuates suicidal ideation and frontopolar cortical perfusion in major depression$$$ The application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has been shown to rapidly decrease suicidal ideation in major depressive disorder (MDD). However, the neural working mechanisms behind this prompt attenuation of suicidal thoughts remains to be determined. Here, we examined how placebo-accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) may influence brain perfusion and suicidal thoughts using arterial spin labeling (ASL). In a randomized double-blind sham-controlled crossover trial, 45 MDD patients received aiTBS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (Trial registration: http://clinicaltrials.gov/show/NCT01832805). With each ASL scan measurement, suicidal ideation was assessed with the Beck Scale for Suicidal Ideation (BSI) and depression severity with the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Compared with active stimulation, the attenuation of suicidal ideation after 4 days of placebo aiTBS was related to significant frontopolar prefrontal perfusion decreases. These findings were unrelated to changes in depression severity scores. Although both active and sham aiTBS resulted in prompt decreases in suicidal ideation, specifically sham aiTBS significantly attenuated frontopolar perfusion in relation to reductions in BSI scores. Our findings show that in accelerated neurostimulation paradigms, placebo responses are related to perfusion decreases in brain areas associated with higher cognitive processes, resulting in suicidal ideation attenuation.
Electroconvulsive therapy electrode placement for bipolar state-related targeted engagement$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for all bipolar states. However, ECT remains underutilized, likely stemming from stigma and the risk of neurocognitive impairment. Neuroimaging research has identified state-specific areas of aberrant brain activity that may serve as targets for therapeutic brain stimulation. Electrode placement determines the geometry of the electric field and can be either non-focal (bitemporal) or more focal (right unilateral or bifrontal). Previous research has shown that electrode placement can impact clinical and cognitive outcomes independent of seizure activity. This review critically examines the evidence that focal (unilateral or bifrontal) electrode placements target specific aberrant circuitry in specific bipolar states to optimize clinical outcomes. We hypothesize that optimal target engagement for a bipolar state will be associated with equivalent efficacy relative to bitemporal non-focal stimulation with less neurocognitive impairment. Methods: We performed a literature search in the PubMed database. Inclusion criteria included prospective, longitudinal investigations during the ECT series with specific electrode placements within a bipolar state from 2000 to 2018. Results: We identified investigations that met our inclusion criteria with bipolar mania (n = 6), depression (n = 6), mixed (n = 3) and catatonia (n = 1) states. These studies included clinical outcomes and several included cognitive outcomes, which were discussed separately. Conclusions: While the heterogeneity of the studies makes comparisons difficult, important patterns included the reduced cognitive side effects, faster rate of response, and equivalent efficacy rates of the focal electrode placements (right unilateral and bifrontal) when compared to non-focal (bitemporal) placement. Further avenues for research include more robust cognitive assessments to separate procedure-related and state-related impairment. In addition, future studies could investigate novel electrode configurations with more specific target engagement for different bipolar states.
Astrocytic p38α MAPK drives NMDA receptor-dependent long-term depression and modulates long-term memory$$$ NMDA receptor-dependent long-term depression (LTD) in the hippocampus is a well-known form of synaptic plasticity that has been linked to different cognitive functions. The core mechanism for this form of plasticity is thought to be entirely neuronal. However, we now demonstrate that astrocytic activity drives LTD at CA3-CA1 synapses. We have found that LTD induction enhances astrocyte-to-neuron communication mediated by glutamate, and that Ca2+ signaling and SNARE-dependent vesicular release from the astrocyte are required for LTD expression. In addition, using optogenetic techniques, we show that low-frequency astrocytic activation, in the absence of presynaptic activity, is sufficient to induce postsynaptic AMPA receptor removal and LTD expression. Using cell-type-specific gene deletion, we show that astrocytic p38α MAPK is required for the increased astrocytic glutamate release and astrocyte-to-neuron communication during low-frequency stimulation. Accordingly, removal of astrocytic (but not neuronal) p38α abolishes LTD expression. Finally, this mechanism modulates long-term memory in vivo.
Effects of preemptive intravenous paracetamol and ibuprofen on headache and myalgia in patients after electroconvulsive therapy: A placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomized clinical trial$$$ Background:The aim of this study is to determine the efficacy of preemptive analgesia with paracetamol and ibuprofen to reduce the intensity and incidence of headache and myalgia after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).Methods:Sixty patients with major depression who were treated with ECT were randomized to receive ECT 3 times a week. The first 3 sessions were included in the study. The patients were divided into 3 groups; Group C (Control, Saline, n=20), Group P (Paracetamol, n=20), and Group I (Ibuprofen, n=20). Demographics, duration of seizure, visual analog scale (VAS) for headache and myalgia and nausea, vomiting and pruritus were evaluated at postoperative 24hours period.Results:Duration of seizure after ECT was similar in all groups (P=.148). In the study, heart rate and mean arterial pressure were found to be some changes in some of the sessions. There were no significant differences in any comparison for all groups in all sessions regarding VAS scores for headache and myalgia. Incidence of headache and myalgia in Group I was lower than the other groups (P=.233, P=.011, respectively). But, there was no significant difference between the other groups. There was no significant difference in vomiting, intergroups, and intragroup.Conclusions:The findings of our study indicate that pain intensity of headache and myalgia did not show a significant change between groups and within groups. While pain intensity of myalgia between the groups reached no statistical significance, ibuprofen was significantly lowered the incidence of myalgia at postoperative 24hours period.
Central-Positive Complexes: A Novel Characterization of Ictal Markers Induced during Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Objectives Electroencephalography (EEG) allows monitoring of generalized seizures induced during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Scalp EEG recordings show different phases of electroencephalographic ictal activity during ECT seizures, documenting a pattern of seizures that may vary within and across individuals. In this case series, we used 64-electrode high-density EEG recording to detect topographic electroencephalographic changes not typically evident with conventional limited montages commonly used during ECT. Methods The EEG recordings were acquired from 5 participants (24 ECT sessions) during index courses for treatment-resistant depression. Using previously proposed staging criteria, the ictal EEG and simultaneously acquired video were interpreted by an expert reviewer blinded to study treatment parameters. Results The EEG recordings of all seizures showed generalized, high-amplitude, central-positive complexes (CPCs), which emerged at the beginning of phase III (polyspike and slow wave activity), with median duration of 47 seconds (interquartile range, 77 seconds), ranging from 14 to 203 seconds. Although individuals showed variability in frequency and amplitude of CPCs, CPCs typically evolved from 4.0 to 1.5 Hz in frequency and decreased in amplitude as the seizure progressed. Elaborating on previously described phases of ECT-induced electrographic seizures, we describe variability in morphology at seizure termination. Initiation of CPCs typically corresponded with clonic movements, but often terminated after motor signs ceased. Conclusions Generalized, high-amplitude, CPCs during ECT are a previously uncharacterized ictal waveform during ECT, which may have important scientific and clinical value. These complexes offer a specific marker for correlating clinical outcomes in ECT and greater understanding of generalized tonic-clonic seizures.
Antidepressant-responsive brain signatures in major depression defined by electroencephalography$$$ Background: Though antidepressants are some of the mostwidely prescribed medications, their efficacy relative to placebo has come into question. While the history of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) research is more recent than that of antidepressant medications, real rTMS has likewise not differentiated from sham rTMS. One reason may be that the clinicallydefined diagnosis of major depression is itself composed of largely unknown, but critical, neurobiological heterogeneity, which contributes to varying treatment outcomes. Methods: We sought to identify antidepressant treatmentresponsive neurobiological phenotypes vis a vis prediction of treatment outcome. To do so, we designed a novel latent-space machine learning algorithm tailored for resting-state electroencephalography (rsEEG), and applied it to several data sets. These data included a large randomized placebo-controlled trial of sertraline versus placebo for depression (EMBARC study), a clinicbased depression dataset wherein patients received rTMS treatment, and a third depression data set that included concurrent TMS/EEG assessment of neural excitability. Results: Symptom change was robustly predicted in a manner both specific for sertraline (versus placebo) and generalizable across different study sites and EEG equipment. Using a second independent depression data set, we then tested for two properties of the predictive signature: convergent validation and neurobiological significance. We calculated in the second sample outcome predictions derived from the rsEEG model we trained in our first sample, as well as predictions from a task-based fMRI classifier we developed in our first sample in a prior analysis. These two predictions were found to correlate in the second sample, providing convergent multi-modal evidence for a treatment-response phenotype within the broader clinical diagnosis of depression. We also found that the rsEEG-derived outcome predictions in the second sample indexed prefrontal neural excitability, as measured by concurrent TMS/EEG, thereby elucidating neurobiological significance. Finally, in a third depression treatment data set we found that the greater the rsEEG-predicted symptom improvement with sertraline, the poorer the response to 1Hz rTMS treatment over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Conclusions: Our findings thus advance the neurobiological understanding of depression and antidepressant treatment through an EEG-tailored computational model, as well as provide a clinically applicable avenue for personalized treatment approaches in psychiatry with the possibility of differential treatment prediction.
Multimodal imaging predictors of transmodal antidepressant treatment response: A preliminary study$$$ Background: Depression remains the primary cause of disability worldwide with roughly 6% of adults experiencing at least one major depressive episode per year. Unfortunately, remission rates following standard first-line interventions remain relatively low and patients are commonly cycled through a variety of potential treatments in a trial-and-error manner. In recent years, there has been a growing interest in characterizing biomarkers of therapeutic response to more effectively stratify individual patients to a particular line of treatment in an evidence-based framework. Various molecular processes are targeted by different antidepressant treatments, however, little work has been done to directly compare sets of treatment-response biomarkers across treatment modalities to identify convergent and/or divergent predictive biomarkers. Identification of shared biomarkers, in particular, could yield more robust treatment targets as well as inform treatment selection to promote more effective personalized treatment strategies. Here, we use machine learning to investigate multimodal imaging biomarkers of treatment response to each of three rapidly-acting interventions, separately: electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), serial ketamine infusion (SKI), and total sleep deprivation (TSD). We then evaluate the efficacy of predicting treatment response when models trained on one treatment are used to predict response in a separate treatment. Methods: Sixty-eight participants with major depressive disorder (MDD) participating in the ongoing Connectomes Related to Human Disease Project, Perturbation of the Treatment of Resistant Depression Connectome by Fast-Acting Therapies, were included. MDD severity was evaluated using the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology Self Report (QIDS-SR), before and after patients received ECT (n=18), SKI (n=33) or TSD (n=17). Random forest regression (RFR) models were used to predict the percent change in individual QIDS-SR scores within each treatment class using pre-treatment cortical thickness, subcortical volume, white matter diffusion metrics, and independent components derived from resting-state functional connectivity. RFR models were trained and tested using 10-repeated 10-fold cross validation; each RFR model was constructed using 1000 classification and regression trees. RFR models with significant withintreatment predictive values, evaluated on the basis of the magnitude of correlation between predicted and actual QIDS-SR change, were used to predict individual QIDS-SR changes in separate treatment groups. Results: Among the three treatment groups, only the change in QIDS-SR scores of the SKI patients was predicted at above chance levels: the correlation between predicted and actual change was r = 0.39 (t = 2.37, df = 31, p < 0.05). The most important features for the SKI RFR model included kurtosis of the right limb of the superior fronto-occipital faciculus; mean, axial, and radial diffusivity of the anterior corona radiata; and correlations between the sensory motor network (SMN) and the posterior default mode network (DMN), central executive (CEN), right fronto-parietal and salience networks; and the correlation between the visual network and posterior DMN. Stronger inverse correlation between resting state networks was widely associated with more robust antidepressant response following SKI, however, higher correlation between the visual network and DMN was predictive of better treatment outcomes. The SKI RFR model was not a significant predictor of TSD (r = 0.21, t = 0.83, df = 15, p > 0.05) or ECTrelated (r =-0.38, t =-1.68, df = 16, p > 0.05) QIDS-SR changes. Conclusions: This preliminary study compared treatmentresponse biomarkers across several rapidly-acting antidepressant interventions with unique access to the central nervous system: ECT, SKI, and TSD. Data collection is ongoing and the current sample sizes are relatively small for machine learning approaches. Nevertheless, in the largest of the three treatment groups, SKI, we identified promising multimodal predictors of treatment response. The SKI RFR model demonstrated numerically promising, though statistically non-significant, predictive value in the TSD cohort. Future iterations of this project that include larger TSD and ECT cohorts may identify more robust transmodal biomarkers of therapeutic response.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) of the supero-lateral medial forebrain bundle (slMFB) in treatment-resistant depression (TRD)-FORESEE III-Study design and first results$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is currently under research as alternative treatment method for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Different brain targets are under investigation and antidepressant efficacy has been demonstrated with rapid as well as sustained response. Recently, two study trials have been terminated due to a failed futility analysis. In another RCT, DBS to the supero-lateral medial forebrain bundle (slMFB) did not show significant differences between sham and active stimulation eight weeks after onset of DBS either. Furthermore, effects of discontinuation of stimulation are unknown but important due to safety reasons. These aspects are now intergrated in a new study design: FORESEE III study (registered @ clinicaltrials.gov with Identifier NCT03653858). Here we are going to present details on the ongoing study. Methods: FORESEE III is a randomized, sham-controlled, doubleblind study. Stimulation is activated one week or 17 weeks after implantation of the DBS system. After 17 weeks of sham stimulation, stimulation is activated in Group B and continued for six months. After six months of continued stimulation, a responder assessment is conducted. Response is defined as > 50% mean reduction of MADRS over a period of six months (area under the curve). Responders are then randomized to a group with continued or discontinued stimulation. Criteria for relapse/event are defined as an augmentation of MADRS > 5 points in two consecutive trials. If an event occurs, re-onset of stimulation will take place. Altogether, 47 patients will be included in the study and duration of study differs between 12 to 19 months per patient. Results: The study started in September 2018. Until today, 20 patients have been screened for study entry. One patient had to be excluded due to MRI anomalies. 19 patients have been included in the study (9m and 10f) and until today DBS is implanted in 16 patients (with a mean age of 45.7 and a mean duration of current episode of 10.1 years). All patients were treated with > four antidepressants, psychotherapy (> 20h) and electronconvulsive therapy (> 6 sessions). Not eligible for the study were 157 patients. Those patients demanded participation in the study but were excluded due to different reasons (mainly lack of ECT). Conclusions: FORESEE III has the goal to investigate the antidepressant efficacy of DBS to the slMFB in TRD in a larger patient population. Until today, studies have included 8, 16 and 4 patients. Additionally, eight weeks of sham stimulation were not enough to show a significant difference between sham and active stimulation. Effects such as insertion effects are discussed. A longer sham-stimulation phase is needed to better understand those effects. Furthermore, effects of discontinuation of stimulation are unknown. There is only a case series of slMFB discontinuation showing rapid re-occurrence of depressive symptoms. A systematic investigation of this effect is urgently needed due to safety issues.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in bipolar depression: An open label safety and efficacy trial$$$ Background: Treatment options are limited for patients with bipolar depression. Data from the STEP-BD study support the notion that antidepressants added to mood stabilizers provide no improvement in outcome but may carry the risk of precipitating a mixed or manic episode. Neurostimulation methods such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) which can target treatments to depressive episodes may provide an option for bipolar depressed patients. Methods: An open label 23 patient study (12 women and 11 men) (15 with BP I and 8 with BP II) of the safety and efficacy of TMS in bipolar depression was conducted at Sheppard Pratt Health System and the Mayo Clinic. All subjects met the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview criteria for either bipolar I or II depression. In order to qualify for TMS treatment, subjects had to be on at least one mood stabilizing agent and off all antidepressant medication for at least two weeks. Subjects were followed during their participation using the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) as the primary outcome measure with secondary outcomes provided by the 17 item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD-17) and the Clinical Global Impression-Severity and Improvement Scales (CGI-S and CGI-I). Each were done at weekly visits. TMS treatment sessions followed the standard protocol for unipolar depression of 5 days a week treatment at 10Hz for 3000 pulses for up to 7 weeks or until remission as determined by MADRS < 10. Results: Of the 23 patients who began treatment, 22 completed a course of treatment as defined by at least 30 treatments or meeting remission criteria. One patient with BP I stopped after one week of treatment due to increasing agitation. Of the 22 completers, 20 (91%) met response criteria (50% decrease in baseline MADRS score) and 15 (68%) met remission criteria. Patients with BP I were more likely to meet remission criteria than BP II patients (73% vs. 63%). Of the remitters, 11 of 15 (73%) met remission criteria by week 5 (usual treatment for unipolar depression is 6 to 7 weeks). Including the one patient who stopped treatment, the Cohen's d effect size comparing pretreatment MADRS scores to post treatment is 3.29. There were no significant adverse events except for the one patient with increased agitation who dropped out after one week and another patient also with bipolar I who paused treatment for 1 week to increase her lithium due to worsening sleep. She completed 7 weeks of treatment as a responder. Conclusions: The remarkable positive results at two sites suggests that TMS may well be an effective treatment for bipolar depression. The higher response rates than seen in unipolar depression suggest that as bipolar disorder is more likely to be a better biologic target than unipolar depression as unipolar depression likely includes a more heterogenous group of patients with stressful environmental circumstances, personality disorders and psst trauma. This study is being continued to determine duration of response and we hope will lead to interest in a randomized controlled trial to get FDA approval for TMS as a routine intervention for bipolar depression.
Impact of comorbid PTSD on outcome of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for veterans with depression$$$ Background: Numerous studies have demonstrated the efficacy and effectiveness of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) in the general population as well as Veterans (Carpenter et al., 2012; Gaynes et al., 2014; George et al., 2010; Kozel et al., 2017). A recent randomized controlled trial of rTMS for MDD in Veterans, however, raised the question of whether co-morbid Posttraumatic Stress Disorder (PTSD) negatively impacted the outcome of rTMS in Veterans (Yesavage et al., 2018). In this study, comorbid PTSD was significantly related to the remission rate (OR, 0.47; 95%CI, 0.24-0.94; P = 0.03) with only 13 of 40 (32.5%) participants with PTSD achieving remission with active stimulation, while 20 of 41 (48.8%) participants without PTSD achieved remission with active stimulation. Methods: The clinical outcome and characteristics of all Veterans suffering from MDD who were treated with TMS at the James A. Haley Veterans' Hospital as outpatients from October 2013 to September 2018 were retrospectively analyzed using an existing quality database. All patients were initially evaluated to determine the safety and appropriateness of rTMS for their symptoms that included a detailed evaluation of mood and other psychiatric comorbidities by an experienced psychiatrist. At the start of treatment, and after every five treatments, patients were assessed with self-report (Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology, Self-Report-QIDS-SR) and clinician rating scales (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale-MADRS) of depression. The MADRS was added to the routine clinic monitoring starting in April 2015. Response was defined as ≥50% reduction for both scales. Remission was defined as ≤5 for QIDS-SR and ≤10 for MADRS. A significant difference was defined as p < 0.05 (2-sided) using the Pearson Chi-square test. Results: Among the 118 patients who were treated with TMS for depression, 55 (47%) had co-morbid PTSD and 63 (53%) had no comorbid PTSD. Based on the QIDS-SR, patients with comorbid PTSD did not have a significantly different rate of response (p=0.704; 19/50 for 38.0% with PTSD versus 20/58 for 34.5% without PTSD) or remission (p=0.952; 11/50 for 21.2% with PTSD versus 12/58 for 20.7% without PTSD) compared to patients without comorbid PTSD. Similarly, for the MADRS, patients with comorbid PTSD did not have a significantly different response (p=0.905; 21/40 for 52.5% with PTSD versus 21/39 for 53.8% without PTSD) or remission (p=0.603; 18/44 for 40.9% with PTSD versus 16/45 for 35.6% without PTSD) compared to patients without comorbid PTSD. No seizures or persistent adverse effects were observed or reported in either group. Conclusions: Co-morbid PTSD did not impact the outcome of rTMS for depression in this sample of Veterans. Future studies should include formal ratings of PTSD to determine if the severity of PTSD impacts the outcome.
A preliminary two-site, open-label, non-randomized trial, comparing focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST) and, right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (UBP-RUL ECT)$$$ Background: Focal Electrically Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) is a form of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) which maximally focuses the electrical stimulus to the frontal lobe. Recent open-label studies suggest that FEAST's enhanced focality may lead to reduced cognitive side effects (1, 2), however there are no studies directly comparing FEAST to other forms of ECT (such as Right Unilateral Ultra-Brief Pulse ECT (UBP-RUL-ECT). We subsequently compared the efficacy, and cognitive side effect burden of FEAST and UBP-RUL-ECT. Methods: In a non-randomized, open-label fashion, 39 depressed adults were recruited after being referred for ECT. Twenty received FEAST (14 women; age 45.2+12.7), and 19 received UBP-RUL-ECT (16 women; age 43.2+16.4). Cognitive effects were measured using the time to reorientation (assessed at each treatment), and the Columbia Autobiographical Memory Interview Short-Form (CAMI-SF; assessed prior to, and following the treatment course). Efficacy was measured using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24; assessed prior to, and following the treatment course). Results: Those receiving FEAST, had a numeric reduction in mean time to reorientation (FEAST = 6.6+5.0 minutes; UBP-RULECT = 8.8+5.8 minutes; p = ns; Cohen's d=0.41). Similarly, participants receiving FEAST had a numerically improved consistency score on the CUMI-SF (FEAST = 69.2+14.2%; UBP-RULECT = 63.9+9.9%; p = ns; Cohen's d=0.43) Average reduction in HRSD24 was nearly equivalent between the two groups (average reduction: FEAST = 60.7+18.5%; UBP-RUL-ECT = 59.2+21.4%; p = ns), while response rate numerically favored FEAST (50% reduction in HRSD24: FEAST = 65%; UBP-RUL-ECT = 57.9%), and remission rate numerically favored UBP-RUL-ECT (HRSD24 ≤ 10: FEAST = 35%; UBP-RUL-ECT = 47.4%). Conclusions: These data further support the hypothesis that treatment with FEAST may have a milder cognitive side effect profile as compared to conventional ECT, while retaining similar efficacy. A blinded, randomized trial in a larger sample will be needed to definitively determine if this is the case.
The effect of rTMS on the connectivity fingerprint$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is an FDA approved treatment for depression, yet its mechanism of action remains unknown and treatment response is variable. Studies from the last ten years indicate that it is not local properties of the brain at the stimulation site which matter primarily, but the more distant distribution of its effect via functional or structural connectivities. Our work focuses on understanding this interaction between rTMS stimulation and neural networks. More specifically, we investigated how temporal correlation patterns across different neural components, known as the connectivity fingerprint (Finn et al., 2015), are perturbated by the neuromodulation. Methods: We acquired structural and resting-state fMRI data at three timepoints in 25 rTMS-treated patients (age: 42 ± 16, 17 F). The first was at baseline, while the second and third were after two and five weeks of treatment. Inclusion criteria were: (1) between 18 and 70 years of age; (2) DSM-IV diagnosis of Major Depression, unipolar without psychotic features, or Bipolar I or Bipolar II Depression without psychotic features; (3) pretreatment 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) score≧21. During the study, patients received 3000 stimuli with 4 seconds train of 10 Hz stimulations with 120% of motor threshold over the LDLPFC with Localite Neuronavigation and Magventure Stimulator every weekday for five weeks. The patients' symptoms were assessed with the MADRS at baseline and every week. To model the slope of change, we used hierarchical linear modeling and used this slope as a more robust estimate of the clinical change. MRI scans were collected in a Siemens Prisma 3T scanner utilizing multi-band accelerated echo-planar (EPI) sequence developed at the University of Minnesota and described in detail in the Human Connectome Project (van Essen et al., 2012) (resting state: TR = 720ms, TE = 33.1ms, matrix = 104x90, FOV = 208mm, slice thickness=2mm, voxel = 2x2x2mm, multi-band acceleration factor = 8, two 7-minute 12-second runs with RL and LR phase encoding respectively). To obtain connectivity fingerprints, we first estimated inter-network connectivity across 20 predefined neural networks determined via dual-regression methods (Biswal et al., 2010). This resulted in 190 connectivity pairs across all subjects and timepoints (62 sessions, 17 patients had all three timepoints) and used hierarchical clustering with Euclidean distance and Ward's minimum variance method. In a second step, we subtracted the individual's average connectivity profile (averaged across all timepoints) from each individual's connectivity profile and investigated if this residual was associated with any treatment-related effect. Results: Hierarchical clustering of the connectivity fingerprint clustered individuals strongly together (Adjusted Rand's index (ARI) = 0.65 with N = 25 groups (p < 0.001)). However, this original fingerprint could not separate responders from non-responders or treatment status (ARI < 0.01). In the second analysis we analyzed the residuals. As expected, we could not cluster the individuals, but clustering revealed that TMS-treated timepoints could be separated from baseline (ARI = 0.69 with N = 2 was higher than random labeling; p < 0.001). These residual connectivity profiles still correlated more with a general control profile in TP1 than in TP2 or TP3, and progressively became different over time (p < 0.009). The greater the difference from baseline, the better the clinical response (r = 0.55, p = 0.02). Conclusions: Connectivity fingerprint is highly specific for an individual, and rTMS will not alter its main profile characteristics. However, residual connectivity indicates that TMS alters the connectivity profile that is usually masked by the major individual variance. These treatment-specific connectivity modifications correlated with the clinical response. Future research should determine which neuronal connections drive these changes.
Validation of the chronic restraint stress model of depression in rats and investigation of standard vs accelerated rTMS treatment$$$ Background: Depression is a debilitating neuropsychiatric disorder with significant morbidity and mortality due to the risk of suicide. Antidepressants are typically a first line treatment for depression. However, up to one third of adults have treatmentresistant depression (TRD) that does not respond to pharmacotherapy. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been used clinically for TRD for over a decade. However, the mechanisms underlying the therapeutic effects of rTMS remain poorly understood. Additionally, depression is a complex condition and it is now widely accepted that besides changes in behaviour, depression in humans also involves disruptions in intrinsic functional connectivity of the brain, measured by restingstate functional MRI (rs-fMRI), neurometabolite levels, measured by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS), and hippocampal volumes, measured by anatomical MRI. Animal models are an indispensable tool for studying etiology, progression, and treatment of depression. However, there is still controversy regarding the validity of using rodent models of human neuropsychiatric disorders. The chronic restraint stress (CRS) model of depression in Sprague Dawley rats has been shown to exhibit similar behavioural, genetic and protein changes that are established in depression in humans. The continuous and predictable nature of this stress closely mimics the every-day stress that people experience, such as daily repetition of a stressful job and social, financial or familial stresses. The aim of this study was to use brain imaging in rats to investigate the validity of the CRS model of depression in terms of functional, neurometabolic and structural changes. We also used elevated plus-maze test (EPM) and forced swim test (FST) to determine the level of anxiety and depression-like behaviours in animals following CRS and following treatment with low-intensity rTMS (LI-rTMS). Here we report preliminary findings on the validity of the depression model and short-term effects of LI-rTMS treatment. Methods: CRS involved placing the animals in individual transparent plexiglass tubes for 2.5 h daily for 13 days. Rats subsequently received 10 min of 10 Hz LI-rTMS treatment daily for 4 weeks (standard) or three times daily for 2 weeks (accelerated). 30 male Sprague Dawley rats were used in total and randomly allocated to one of six groups for LI-rTMS (n = 5/group): 1) active standard treatment, 2) sham standard treatment, 3) active accelerated treatment, 4) sham accelerated treatment, 5) depression control with no treatment, and 6) healthy control with no treatment. Animals were imaged using a 9.4 T pre-clinical MRI to acquire rs-fMRI, 1H-MRS and T2-weighted anatomical data before and after CRS (n = 25). The behavioural tests were conducted before CRS, after CRS, and mid-treatment (after 1 week for accelerated LI-rTMS and after 2 weeks for standard LI-rTMS). Results: CRS induced the following significant changes in behaviour: 1) during the EPM test, animals displayed increased anxiety-like behaviours including increased head dips used for riskassessment, increased grooming and decreased entries and exits in the centre and open arms of the maze; and 2) during the FST, animals showed increased learned helplessness including an increase in immobility, a decrease in climbing, and a decrease in latency to first immobility (P < 0.001; 123 ± 12 s to 69 ± 6 s). Significant brain changes after CRS were also detected by MRI: 1) rs-fMRI data revealed hypoconnectivity within the salience and interoceptive networks and hyperconnectivity between the cingulate cortex and cortical and limbic regions; 2) a decrease in sensorimotor cortical glutamate (P < 0.05; 1.41 ± 0.02 to 1.35 ± 0.02), glutamine (P < 0.05; 0.53 ± 0.01 to 0.50 ± 0.01) and combined glutamate-glutamine levels (P < 0.05; 1.94 ± 0.02 to 1.85 ± 0.03) was detected by 1H-MRS; and 3) a decrease in hippocampal volume was detected by volumetric analysis of T2-weighted anatomical MRI data (P < 0.05; 5.873 ± 0.004 % to 5.851 ± 0.011 %). Depression control animals which underwent CRS but no treatment did not show any improvement in behaviours, even 2 weeks after end of CRS, suggesting this protocol provides a relative durable animal model of depression. Following standard LIrTMS treatment, animals receiving active treatment did not show any significant differences in behaviours compared to animals receiving sham treatment. This may be due to the small sample (n=5/group). However, in the accelerated LI-rTMS group, significant differences in behaviour were detected compared to sham treatment (also n =5/group). Specifically, animals receiving active treatment showed less stretching during EPM and less immobility, greater latency, and increased climbing behaviours during FST. Conclusions: Our study is the first to demonstrate significant changes in functional connectivity, glutamate and glutamine levels and hippocampal volume in an animal model of depression. Our findings also suggest that accelerated LI-rTMS rescued depression-like behaviours in rats more effectively than the standard treatment. Overall, the substantial concordance of the present findings with the human literature presents a unique opportunity for the integration of behavioural and molecular changes in CRS model of depression in rats with changes in functional connectivity, neurometabolite levels and hippocampal volume that may be translated to the human disorder and therefore improve treatment strategies.
Use and impact of psychotropic medications during transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive neuromodulatory therapeutic modality that is FDA approved for treatment-resistant Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). Many earlier regulatory trials leading to the FDA approval required participants to be medication free, but in clinical practice, the majority of patients undertaking a course of TMS are on concurrent psychotropic medications from a variety of pharmacological classes. Limited data exist to help clinicians understand the role of medications on MDD treatment outcomes during a standard course of TMS. Methods: De-identified data from 307 patients treated in the Butler TMS Clinic from 2009-2018 were analyzed. Concomitant psychotropic medications were coded into 11 commonly referenced categories based on their pharmacological actions (or class) to explore effects on TMS Therapy outcomes. The Inventory of Depressive Symptoms Self-Report (IDSSR) and Patient Health Questionaire-9 item (PHQ9) scales at baseline and at various timepoints including treatment endpoint were evaluated, with "response" characterized by ≥50% change in score (relative to baseline) on PHQ9 or IDSSR from baseline to endpoint and "remission" defined by endpoint scores (<14 on the IDSSR and <4 on PHQ9). Percent change (relative to baseline) was used as a continuous predictor variable. All patients completed a standard course of treatment (typically 36 sessions over 6-9 weeks) with stimulation delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Chisquare tests and linear regression model analyses were performed using SPSS with significance p < 0.05. Results: 14 patients (4.5%) of the sample were on no concurrent medications during TMS and 293 (95.5%) were taking at least one psychotropic agent. Using IDSSR categorical outcomes only, TMS patients on concurrent atypical antipsychotics had lower response (23%, p=0.032) and remission rates (17%, p=0.042) compared to those not on atypical antipsychotics. However, neither atypical antipsychotics, nor any of the other 11 medication categories we examined was found to be a significant predictor of outcome in models controlling for clinical variables such as past history of ECT, prior psychiatric hospitalizations, sex, and baseline severity. Additionally, the number of concurrent medication classes (varying from 0 to 6) was also not found to be related to TMS outcomes. Conclusions: This analysis of the effects of concurrent psychopharmacology on TMS therapy outcomes for MDD indicated that no specific category or number of medications predicted better or worse therapeutic outcomes from TMS. Although, not found in our sample, there has been some hypothesis regarding the concurrent use of anticonvulsant agents or benzodiazepines portending to worse TMS therapy outcomes, perhaps because those agents tend to diminish excitability of the motor cortex. While a trial involving prospective, randomized assignment of patients to specific concurrent medication classes during their course of TMS is not likely to be a feasible approach, a larger sample size and greater division of medication into subgroups based on their pharmacological mechanisms may have detected effects or uncovered significant associations not revealed by our medication classes. In summary, our data do not suggest that patients with MDD undertaking a course of TMS should preferentially initiate or discontinue certain medications to get the best possible effect from TMS therapy.
Neuroimaging of transcranial magnetic stimulation for suicidality$$$ Background: Suicide is a public health emergency. Patients with depression and anxiety are at particularly high risk, especially those who do not respond to standard treatments. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an effective and noninvasive option for patients with treatment-resistant depression and anxiety. Moreover, the collective findings of several recent clinical trials indicate that TMS may be a promising treatment for suicidality, and that reductions in suicidality may be independent from those of other clinical symptoms. That in turn suggests that changes in specific neural mechanisms might uniquely mediate lessened suicidality. Here, we conducted a secondary analysis comparing resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) before and after a course of TMS for comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and depression, and evaluated whether there were specific functional connectivity changes associated with improvement in suicide-related symptoms. We also conducted an exploratory diffusion tractography analysis to identify associated anatomical pathways. Methods: Neuroimaging data were collected from patients with comorbid PTSD and depression (N = 25, female = 13, age=52 +10) before and after an 8-week daily course of 5Hz TMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Diffusion imaging data were available in a subset of participants (n=17). Depression and PTSD symptoms were measured at baseline and conclusion of TMS with the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self Report (IDS-SR) and PTSD Checklist for DSM-5 (PCL-5), respectively. Suicidality was derived from the IDS-SR item #18. Our seed-to-voxel functional connectivity analysis focused on five seed regions, one at the left DLPFC stimulation site, and for each hemisphere, a dorsal and ventral striatum seed. We selected these striatal seeds because of the association of fronto-striatal functional connectivity with both suicidal severity and antidepressant response to TMS. Functional connectivity maps were entered into group models testing the between-subject effect of change in suicide scores and the between-conditions effect of session (post-vs. pre-treatment), after covariance for baseline suicidality and treatment-related changes in IDS-SR and PCL-5 scores. All results were corrected for multiple comparisons (voxellevel threshold, p < 0.001; cluster-level threshold, false discovery rate (FDR) corrected p < 0.05). Diffusion images were reconstructed using a q-space diffeomorphic reconstruction algorithm that simultaneously computes the density of oriented diffusion spins and maps these estimates into Montreal Neurological Institute template space. We then conducted a group-level connectometry analysis in which we tested the association between functional connectivity coefficients of suicidality change and diffusion in white matter fibers tracked from significant clusters identified by our seed-to-voxel analyses. Five thousand randomized permutations were performed to estimate the false discovery rate with significance set at p-FDR < 0.05. Results: Decreases in functional connectivity between dorsal striatum and frontopolar cortex were correlated with reduced suicide symptom severity after TMS (p-FDR < 0.001). This relationship was significant after covariance for overall change in symptoms of depression and PTSD. Connectometry analysis indicated that frontopolar cortex white matter connectivity in the left cortico-striatal pathway, left corticothalamic pathway, left prefrontal u-fibers, left inferior fronto-occipital fasciculus, and corpus callosum were associated with functional correlates of suicide symptom change after TMS (p-FDR < 0.05). Conclusions: This is one of the first studies to investigate mechanisms underlying suicidality change after TMS. Our results suggest that reduction of fronto-striatal connectivity using TMS may be a promising treatment for suicidality. Notably, this frontostriatal relationship was specific to suicidality and relatively independent of changes in overall depression. Additionally, our exploratory structural results provide novel targets for TMS optimization (including frontal pole). Future research can build on this multi-modal approach to advance individualized stimulation approaches in high-risk patients.
Transcranial direct current stimulation applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in smokers modifies cognitive circuits implicated in the nicotine withdrawal syndrome$$$ Background: Symptoms of nicotine withdrawal remain a major impediment for smokers trying to quit; most quit attempts fail within the first week of abstinence. The Nicotine Withdrawal Syndrome (NWS) is characterized by both cognitive (reduced attention, working memory, "WM") and affective (irritability, anxiety) disturbances. Studies employing functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) have identified reductions in strength of the Executive Control Network (ECN) and related nodes-and increases in strength of the Default Mode Network (DMN) and related nodes-as associated with NWS cognitive deficits, while hyperactivity of the amygdala and related circuits have been associated with NWS affective dysfunction. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has the potential to modify these neuronal circuits by producing a subthreshold conductive current through the scalp and into the brain. Two potential targets for tDCS as a smoking cessation aid are the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), a node of the ECN, and the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC), a node of the DMN. We hypothesized that functional activity in cognitive control networks, and downstream amygdala circuits, would be modified by acute application of tDCS to the left (L) dlPFC and right (R) vmPFC. Methods: 15 smokers (in 12-hours nicotine abstinence, crossed between nicotine and placebo patch) and 28 matched nonsmokers served in a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind, crossover design with 3 conditions of 25 min, 2mA tDCS: anodal L-dlPFC + cathodal R-vmPFC ("An-dlPFC"); polarity reversed ("CatdlPFC"); and sham. Tasks probed relevant cognitive constructs (error monitoring: parametric Flanker task; WM: N-back task; emotional reactivity: matching faces task), and brain activity measured with simultaneous fMRI (3T Siemens Prisma; NIDA-IRP, Baltimore, MD; 2017-2019). We generated two statistical models to test tDCS effects on two aspects of smoking addiction: Trait, the between-subjects factor of nonsmokers vs. sated smokers; and State, the within-smokers factor of nicotine withdrawal vs. nicotine sated. Behavioral outcomes included task accuracy, response time, and d-prime sensitivity. Images were preprocessed with BIDS-app fmriprep, 1st level and group processed in AFNI, with statistical testing completed in R. We measured BOLD signal to detect tDCS effects on a priori regions of interest (ROIs) for each task, Bonferroni-corrected for number of ROIs: N-back, 9 ECN-related ROIs; Flanker, 3 salience processing ROIs; Emotion, 6 amygdala sub-regions. We further conducted an exploratory, familywise error corrected (FWE, α < 0.01, p-voxelwise = 0.001), whole-brain search for effects of tDCS on each task. Results: Behavior: Sated smokers were more accurate than Nonsmokers (p = 0.03), and had a lower criterion to detect signal (p = 0.03), on the N-back task. Within smokers, nicotine deprivation induced slower response times (p < 0.05, N-back, Flanker, and Matching), reduced accuracy (p < 0.05, N-back and Matching), higher signal criterion and response omission rate (Nback, p < 0.05). We did not observe tDCS effects on task behavior. ROI analysis: An-dlPFC tDCS increased right anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) activity in the smoker group to a greater degree than the nonsmoker group (p = 0.02) across all difficulty levels of Flanker. Whole-brain analysis: We observed that An-dlPFC tDCS strengthened the deactivation of 14 DMN associated regions (including hippocampal and parahippocampal gyri, mid-cingulate gyrus, precuneus, and temporal regions) across all subjects on the N-back Trait model. In the State model, An-dlPFC tDCS reduced activity in the same DMN-related regions, however the effect was more prominent in the nicotine sated vs. withdrawal state. Conclusions: Single session acute tDCS enhanced the deactivation of DMN nodes during a WM task, and enhanced ACC activity during an error monitoring task. While all subjects were sensitive to tDCS effects on DMN, smokers were more sensitive to tDCS effects on ACC. Further, smokers were more sensitive to tDCS effects on DMN in the nicotine-sated state, in which subjects were generally more attentive to task and therefore potentially more receptive to an adjuvant modifier, than during withdrawal, when subjects demonstrated reduced task engagement (slower responses, reduced accuracies) and attention (more omissions). Thus, the cognitive circuit dysregulation associated with NWS, and often alleviated by nicotine replacement therapy, may be further modifiable by "adjuvant" anodal, excitatory tDCS applied to LdlPFC. Use of tDCS as a complement to standard therapy has been successfully tested in depression, in which combined tDCS + antidepressant medication improved outcomes more than either alone. The present data support the possible use of tDCS as a complementary therapy to other, standard treatments for nicotine addiction, especially the dysregulated cognitive processes seen during the NWS. This work was supported by the NIDA-IRP.
One-year clinical outcomes following theta burst stimulation for PTSD$$$ Background: We previously demonstrated that a novel form of transcranial magnetic stimulation, called intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) improved PTSD symptoms alongside improvements in depression and social and occupational function. In that study, participants received two weeks of blinded stimulation, followed by two weeks of unblinded stimulation, for a total exposure to active iTBS of up to four weeks. We observed that those who had received greater exposure to active stimulation demonstrated superior clinical outcomes at one month after stimulation. This raised the important question of whether this dose-response effect impacted longer-term patient outcomes. The present study tested the hypothesis that greater cumulative exposure to active iTBS would be associated with superior outcomes at 1-year. Methods: Using VA electronic records and with procedures approved by the Providence VA IRB, we reviewed naturalistic outcomes up to one year from study endpoint. Included in the study were participants who completed double-blind iTBS. Primary outcome was defined as clinical relapse, operationally defined as any serious adverse event (e.g., suicide, psychiatrics hospitalizations), or need for TMS retreatment in the year following participation in the original randomized controlled trial. Kaplan-Meier survival curves were generated for hypothesis testing. Odds ratios for clinical outcomes were generated, and the relationship between stimulation and medication use were also evaluated. Based on findings reported below, we revisited baseline functional neuroimaging to explore potential predictors of longer-term outcomes; imaging results were corrected for multiple comparisons and cross validated. Results: Forty-six (92%) of the parent study's intent-to-treat participants were included in the present study. Mean age was 51.0 ± 12.3 years and seven (15.2%) were female. Groups were balanced in terms of sample size, age, and sex (all ps > 0.1). Overall, 22 (47.8%) patients demonstrated clinical relapse by one year. When comparing groups, Kaplan-Meier survival curves demonstrated superior outcomes at one year in the four-week group (log-rank ChiSq = 5.871, df = 1, p=0.015). This was based upon several factors; in the four-week group, only eight (33.3%) relapsed within one year (mean days to relapse = 296.0 ± 22.1), compared to 14 (63.6%; mean days to relapse = 182.0 ± 31.9). The odds of clinical relapse were significantly greater in patients that received two weeks of active iTBS compared to those who received four weeks (OR = 3.50, 95% confidence interval 1.04-11.79). When used, retreatment with standard TMS was generally effective. Medication use and changes thereof did not differ between groups. Exploratory imaging analyses indicated that default mode network connectivity was predictive of non-relapse (all corrected p < 0.05 and cross validated). Conclusions: Four weeks of active stimulation was associated with statistically significant and clinically meaningful superiority at one year. In the four-week group, clinical relapse rates in our study were generally comparable to those observed in studies of standard TMS for depression. These findings indicate an important dose-dependence of iTBS on durability of clinical efficacy in PTSD. Default mode network connectivity was assocaited with longerterm outcomes, in a comparable fashion to prior observations. Further investigation is needed to determine the optimal course of iTBS, other factors that contribute to durability of response, and the efficacy of this form of stimulation for other disorders.
Less Chronic Graft-Versus-Host Disease, Immunosuppressive Therapy and Better Survival after Anti-Thymocyte Globulin in Unrelated Donor Stem Cell Transplant Recipients: Longer Follow-up of a Multicentre Cell Therapy Transplant Canada Randomized Trial$$$ Background: We previously reported that pretreatment with rabbit anti-thymocyte globulin (ATG) decreases the use of immunosuppressive therapy (IST) and occurrence of chronic graft-versus-host disease (GVHD) 12 months after allogeneic stem cell transplantation from unrelated donors. We hypothesized these benefits would persist beyond 12 months with a positive clinical impact on patients. Methods: Phase 3, multicentre, open-label, randomized controlled trial at 10 centres in Canada and one in Australia. Patients aged 16-70 years with a hematological malignancy, a matched (HLA-A, B, C and DRB1) or 1-antigen/allele mismatched unrelated donor were eligible. Myeloablative, nonmyeloablative or reduced intensity conditioning regimens were permitted according to center clinical preference. Patients were randomized to receive or not to receive rabbit ATG (Thymoglobulin®, Sanofi Canada) as part of their conditioning. GVHD prophylaxis included either cyclosporine or tacrolimus plus methotrexate or mycophenolate mofetil. The ATG arm received 0.5, 2.0, 2.0 mg/kg of ATG on days -2, -1 and +1, respectively. Analyses were on a modified intention-to-treat basis for patients actually transplanted. Primary endpoint was freedom from all systemic IST without resumption up to 24 months after transplantation. Secondary endpoints included survival, relapse, non-relapse mortality, incidence and symptoms of chronic GVHD according to Lee scale and quality of life using different questionnaires including the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression (CES-D) scale. We also aimed to evaluate the recently described endpoints of graft-versus-host disease and relapse-free survival (GRFS) and chronic graft-versus-host disease and relapse-free survival (CRFS) in each cohort. This trial was registered at ISRCTN (#29899028) and clinicaltrials.gov (#NCT01217723). Results: Between 06/2010 and 07/2013, 203 patients were randomized and 196 available for end-points analysis, including 99 patients in the ATG group and 97 in the No ATG (control) group. Datalock was performed on April 1, 2019. The cumulative incidence of chronic GVHD at 24 months was significantly lower in ATG recipients (26.3% versus 41.2%, p=0.032). Similarly, more than twice patients in the ATG group were free from IST at 24 months (adjusted OR of 3.49 [95% CI : 1.60-7.60]; p = 0.002). Most patients retained the same IST status from 12 to 24 months (74.7% in the ATG and 81.4% in the control group). Symptoms of chronic GVHD were also significantly less prevalent in patients receiving ATG, with scores by Lee scale of 13.57 (SE : 1.47) versus 19.90 (SE : 2.15); p=0.017. In contrast, we observed no difference in non-relapse mortality (ATG : 21.2% versus No ATG : 30.9%; p=0.14) and relapse (ATG : 16.2% versus No ATG : 17.5%; p=0.73). Of note, there was no increase in relapse in those receiving either myeloablative or non-myeloablative conditioning (Gray's test p = 0.66 and 0.29, respectively). ATG had a positive impact on survival (Figure 1), with an overall survival at 12 months of 74.8% (SE : 4.4) compared with 64.9% (SE : 4.8) in the control group (adjusted HR 0.56 [95% CI : 0.35-0.90; p=0.017). This benefit of ATG on survival persisted at 24 months, with 70.7% of patients in the ATG group and 53.6% in the control group being alive (p=0.018). GRFS at 12 and 24 months were significantly better in the ATG group, with 45.4% and 37.4% of patients alive and free of ever having had GVHD versus 24.7% and 17.5%, respectively (p = 0.0034). CRFS led to similarly better results in ATG recipients at 12 (57.6%) and 24 (48.5%) months (p=0.01; Figure 2). Depressive symptoms were less frequently reported in the ATG group, the mean CES-D scores being 10.39 (SE : 1.29) compared with 14.63 (SE : 1.48) in the No ATG group (p=0.034). There were no statistically significant differences in other patient-reported outcomes. Conclusions: Pretreatment with rabbit ATG in combination with standard acute GVHD prophylaxis provides long term benefits consisting of decreases in chronic GVHD incidence, use of IST, depression and improved survival. Our trial is the first to demonstrate both a survival advantage and improvement in quality of life in patients receiving ATG for chronic GVHD prophylaxis. Our data support that ATG should be included in the preparative regimens of all unrelated donor transplant recipients receiving standard acute GVHD prophylaxis. [Formula presented] Disclosures: Roy: Celgene: Consultancy, Honoraria, Research Funding; ExCellThera: Patents & Royalties: Royalties from sales of UM171, Research Funding; Amgen Canada: Honoraria; Janssen Canada: Honoraria; Sanofi Canada: Research Funding. Foley: Celgene: Speakers Bureau; Janssen: Speakers Bureau; Amgen: Speakers Bureau. Kuruvilla: Janssen: Research Funding; Roche: Research Funding; BMS: Consultancy; Abbvie: Consultancy; Gilead: Consultancy; Karyopharm: Consultancy; Merck: Consultancy; Roche: Consultancy; Seattle Genetics: Consultancy; Amgen: Honoraria; Astra Zeneca: Honoraria; BMS: Honoraria; Celgene: Honoraria; Gilead: Honoraria; Janssen: Honoraria; Karyopharm: Honoraria; Merck: Honoraria; Novartis: Honoraria; Roche: Honoraria; Seattle Genetics: Honoraria. Lee: AstraZeneca: Research Funding; Incyte: Research Funding; Syndax: Research Funding; Amgen: Research Funding; Novartis: Research Funding; Takeda: Research Funding; Kadmon: Consultancy, Research Funding; Pfizer: Consultancy, Research Funding. Popradi: Sanofi Canada: Consultancy, Honoraria. Walker: Kiadis Pharma: Other: Grant funding via institution (as a principal investigator). OffLabel Disclosure: Rabbit ATG (Sanofi) for chronic GVHD prophylaxis.
Study protocol for a parallel-group, double-blinded, randomized, controlled, noninferiority trial: The effect and safety of hybrid electroconvulsive therapy (Hybrid-ECT) compared with routine electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depression$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most rapid and effective treatment for patients with depression, ECT can achieve remarkable antidepressant effects in the initial 3-4 sessions, but significant side effects limit its use. However, recent low-charge electrotherapy (LCE) studies have demonstrated antidepressant or antipsychotic effects with significantly fewer side effects. The aim of this study is to propose a novel two-step charge set strategy for ECT treatment, referred to as Hybrid-ECT, to decrease side effects by using a low charge while preserving treatment efficacy. Methods/design: A randomized, double-blinded, standard-controlled, parallel-group design will be carried out. We plan to enroll 112 inpatients diagnosed with depression (unipolar or bipolar) and randomly assign them to conventional ECT (control group) or to Hybrid-ECT (treatment group, 3 ECT sessions followed by LCE sessions (approximately 2.8 joules per session)). We will evaluate participants across a wide variety of domains including clinical symptoms, cognitive, psychological and functional metrics. We will also perform magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and event-related potential (ERPs) assessments during treatment to explore brain function differences between ECT and LCE. Discussion: This research proposes a simple but completely novel ECT strategy that aims to rapidly relieve depressive symptoms and minimize side effects. The mechanism of ECT and LCE will be further discussed. Trial registration: Chinese Clinical Trial Registry, Number: ChiCTR1900022905 (Registration date: April 30, 2019).
A review of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for the individualized treatment of depressive symptoms$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a low intensity neuromodulation technique shown to elicit therapeutic effects in a number of neuropsychological conditions. Independent randomized sham-controlled trials and meta- and mega-analyses demonstrate that tDCS targeted to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex can produce a clinically meaningful response in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), but effects are small to moderate in size. However, the heterogeneous presentation, and the neurobiology underlying particular features of depression suggest clinical outcomes might benefit from empirically informed patient selection. In this review, we summarize the status of tDCS research in MDD with focus on the clinical, biological, and intrinsic and extrinsic factors shown to enhance or predict antidepressant response. We also discuss research strategies for optimizing tDCS to improve patient-specific clinical outcomes. TDCS appears suited for both bipolar and unipolar depression, but is less effective in treatment resistant depression. TDCS may also better target core aspects of depressed mood over vegetative symptoms, while pretreatment patient characteristics might inform subsequent response. Peripheral blood markers of gene and immune system function have not yet proven useful as predictors or correlates of tDCS response. Though further research is needed, several lines of evidence suggest that tDCS administered in combination with pharmacological and cognitive behavioral interventions can improve outcomes. Tailoring stimulation to the functional and structural anatomy and/or connectivity of individual patients can maximize physiological response in targeted networks, which in turn could translate to therapeutic benefits.
Magnetic seizure therapy: Towards personalized seizure therapy for major depression$$$ Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a noninvasive neuromodulation therapy under investigation for the treatment of severe neuropsychiatric disorders. MST involves inducing a therapeutic seizure under anesthesia in a setting similar to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). To date, randomized controlled trials suggest that MST has similar antidepressant efficacy as ECT, but without significant cognitive adverse effects. Large scale clinical trials are currently underway to confirm these preliminary findings. So far, there has only been one study evaluating the clinical predictors of response to MST and more research is needed. This study found that patients with fewer episodes of depression and a positive family history of depression had a better response to MST. Overall, the ability of MST to focus the delivery of the electric field and the resultant seizure makes targeting seizure therapy to specific brain regions possible, and further research will be helpful in identifying personalized targets to maximize clinical benefit. In this review, we describe MST methodology and how it could be individualized to each patient. We also summarize the clinical and cognitive effects of MST and provide indications of which patients may be most likely to benefit. Finally, we summarize the studied neurophysiological predictors of response.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for depression in pregnancy: A pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Depression in pregnancy negatively affects maternal-child health. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a non-invasive brain stimulation treatment for depression, has not been evaluated in pregnancy. Objective: To conduct a pilot randomized controlled trial (RCT) to evaluate tDCS for antenatal depression. Methods: In this pilot RCT in Toronto, Ontario (October 2014 to December 2016), adult pregnant women 14–32 weeks gestation with major depressive disorder who had declined antidepressant medication were considered for inclusion. Participants were randomly assigned 1:1 to tDCS or sham-control. Active tDCS comprised 30-min sessions of 2 mAmp direct current delivered over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, 5 days per week, for 3 weeks. Sham was administered similarly, but with current turned off after 30 s. Main outcomes were feasibility, acceptability, and protocol adherence. Maternal Montgomery Asperg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) was measured post-treatment and at 4 and 12 weeks postpartum. Results: Of 20 women randomized, 16 completed treatment and provided data (124 tDCS, 122 sham sessions). Views of treatment were positive with no serious adverse events. Post-treatment estimated marginal mean MADRS scores were 11.8 (standard error, SE 2.66) for tDCS and 15.4 (SE 2.51) for sham (p = 0.34). At 4 weeks postpartum, 75.0% of tDCS women were remitted versus 12.5% sham-control (p = 0.04). Conclusions: Results support proceeding to a definitive RCT to evaluate tDCS for antenatal depression. The preliminary efficacy estimates immediately post-treatment and in the postpartum, are encouraging with respect to the potential use of tDCS to improve treatment rates in this population. The trial was registered at: clinical trials.gov (NCT02116127).
Impact of prior treatment on remission with intermittent theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: Multiple prior treatment failures are associated with reduced rates of remission to subsequent antidepressant treatment, including rTMS. The degree of treatment resistance that is especially predictive of inferior outcome is uncertain. Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a newer form of rTMS where less is known regarding clinical predictors of remission. The THREE-D study demonstrated that iTBS is non-inferior to 10 Hz rTMS for the treatment of depression. Objective: Determine if the number and type of prior pharmacotherapy trials affect the rate of remission with two types of rTMS. Method: Compare remission rates based on prior pharmacotherapy using data from the THREE-D trial (NCT01887782). Results: No differences in remission rates were noted between the three levels of treatment resistance, however, participants with 3 compared to <3 treatment failures had lower rates of remission: 17.3% versus 29.4% (χ2 4.87; df = 1; p = 0.03). Conclusions: Three or more treatment failures may be associated with lower remission rates with rTMS.
The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on body weight and food consumption in obese adults: A randomized controlled study$$$ Background: Although some studies have reported significant reductions in food cravings following the single-session of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), there is little research on the effects of multi-session of rTMS on food consumption and body weight in obese subjects. Objective: We conducted 4-week randomized, sham-controlled, single-blind, parallel-group trial to examine the effect of rTMS on body weight in obese adults. Methods: Forty-three obese patients (body mass index [BMI] ≥25 kg/m2) aged between 18 and 70 years were randomized to the sham or real treatment group (21 in the TMS group and 22 in the sham treatment group). A total of 8 sessions of rTMS targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) was provided over a period of 4 weeks. The primary outcome measure was weight change in kilograms from baseline to 4 weeks. Secondary endpoints included changes in anthropometric measures, cardiovascular risk factors, food intake, and appetite. Results: Participants in the rTMS group showed significantly greater weight loss from baseline following the 8 session of rTMS (−2.75 ± 2.37 kg vs. 0.38 ± 1.0 kg, p < 0.01). Consistent with weight loss, there was a significant reduction in fat mass and visceral adipose tissue at week 4 in the rTMS group compared with the control group (p < 0.01). After the 8 sessions of rTMS, the TMS group consumed fewer total kilocalories and carbohydrates per day than the control group (p < 0.05). Conclusions: 8 sessions of HF rTMS delivered to the left DLPFC were effective in inducing weight loss and decreasing food intake in obese patients. Trial registration: Clinical trial registered with the Clinical Trials Registry at http://cris.cdc.go.kr (KCT0002548).
Continuous theta burst stimulation over the supplementary motor area in refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder treatment: A randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a complex disorder with 40 to 60 % of patients resistant to treatment. Theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) is a promising new technique that has been shown to induce potent and long lasting effects on cortical excitability. The present study evaluated for the first time therapeutic efficacy and tolerability of continuous TBS (cTBS) over the supplementary motor area (SMA) in treatment resistant OCD patients using a double blind, sham-controlled design. Methods: Thirty treatment resistant OCD outpatients were randomized to receive either active cTBS or sham cTBS for 6 weeks (5 sessions per week). Each treatment session consisted of 600 stimuli at an intensity of 70% of resting motor threshold. Patients were evaluated at baseline, at the end of treatment (week 6), and follow-up (week 12). Response to treatment was defined as at least 25% decrease on the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale. Results: There was no significant difference between active and sham cTBS groups in treatment efficacy. Responder rates were not different between the two groups at week 6 (cTBS 28% versus sham 36%; p = 0.686) and week 12 (cTBS 28% versus sham 36%; p = 0.686). Depressive and anxious symptoms improvements were similar in the two groups. Conclusion: This study is the first controlled trial using cTBS in treatment resistant OCD patients. The use of cTBS over the SMA is safe but not sufficient to improve OCD symptoms. Further studies are needed to identify the optimal parameters to be used in OCD patients.
Feasibility and clinical effects of theta burst stimulation in youth with major depressive disorders: An open-label trial$$$ Background: Conventional treatments for youth depression, such as antidepressants, have modest efficacy, side effects, and ongoing controversies regarding safety. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), specifically theta burst stimulation (TBS), applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has demonstrated efficacy for the treatment of depression in adults. However, the feasibility and clinical response to TBS for youth depression has yet to be explored. Methods: Twenty participants between the ages of 16 to 24 years old with MDD were recruited. The intervention consisted of 10 treatment sessions over the course of two weeks, in which participants received intermittent TBS and continuous TBS stimulation to the left and right DLPFC, respectively. Change in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-17) score was the primary outcome. Clinical assessments occurred at baseline, after the fifth treatment session, and within a week after treatment completion. Results: Of the twenty participants, eighteen received all TBS sessions, and seventeen completed all clinical assessments. There was a significant reduction in depressive symptoms following treatment completion (p < 0.001). Four of the twenty patients had more than 50% reduction in their depressive symptoms, two of whom achieved remission. All participants received and tolerated at least six daily TBS treatments with no major adverse events. Limitations: Study was an uncontrolled, open-label design. Conclusion: Ten sessions of TBS was feasible, well tolerated, and appeared to have clinical effects for the treatment of depressed youth. Future sham-controlled randomized trials are warranted to validate these findings in a larger cohort of youth depression.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on nicotine consumption and craving: A systematic review$$$ We performed a systematic review of the studies employing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in subjects with smoking addiction. High-frequency (HF) rTMS over the prefrontal cortex (PFC), in particular the left dorsolateral PFC (DLPFC), might represent a save and innovative treatment tool for tobacco consumption and craving in nicotine-dependent otherwise healthy people. rTMS can be effective for this indication also in patients with schizophrenia, but the results are conflicting and sufficient evidence from large-scale trials is still lacking. Promising results have been obtained using particular techniques for brain stimulation, such as deep rTMS and theta burst stimulation. Multiple-target HF rTMS can also have a potential in smoking cessation. fMRI and EEG recordings have proven to be useful for objectively assessing the treatment effects. TMS is likely to be most effective when paired with an evidence-based self-help intervention, cognitive-behavioral interventions and nicotine replacement therapy. However, the most recent studies employed different protocols and yielded heterogeneous results, which should be replicated in further controlled studies with larger sample sizes and rigorous standards of randomization. To date, no recommendation other than that a possible efficacy of HF-rTMS of the left DLPFC can be made for alternative rTMS procedures in nicotine craving and consumption.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD): A randomized, double-blinded, controlled trial$$$ Currently, there is not definitive information regarding the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). This study aimed to examine the efficacy of tDCS for PTSD and its sub-symptoms. In a double-blind, controlled randomized clinical trial, 40 participants with PTSD were randomly assigned to receive either 10 tDCS sessions delivered at 2 mA to the right (cathode) and left (anode) dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) or 10 sham tDCS sessions to the same area. A blinded rater assessed PTSD, depressive, and anxiety symptoms before treatment, following it, and after a 1-month follow-up period. According to the results: i) PTSD patients demonstrated a significant reduction in PTSD symptoms, hyper-arousal and negative alterations in cognition and mood sub-symptoms as well as depressive and anxiety symptoms in the active stimulation compared to the sham stimulation at post-treatment and follow-up; ii) active stimulation when compared to sham stimulation revealed greater reductions in re-experiencing sub-symptoms from baseline to post-test. However, follow-up differences did not reach significance; iii) With respect to avoidance sub-symptoms, there were no significant differences between the active and sham stimulation at post-test and follow-up. This study supported the efficacy of 10 sessions of bilateral DLPFC tCDS delivered at 2 mA for the treatment of PTSD symptoms. Taken together, these findings suggest that although tDCS can reduce PTSD symptoms, researchers should consider the different types of PTSD and use strategies to ensure sufficient power to detect a potential effect of tDCS on various types of PTSD.
Intermittent administration of low dose ketamine can shorten the course of electroconvulsive therapy for depression and reduce complications: A randomized controlled trial$$$ This study aimed to investigate the efficacy and safety of intermittent low-dose ketamine on improving the efficacy of ECT. Patients diagnosed with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) (n = 134) were randomized into 3 groups: routine ECT group (group E, n = 45); repeated ketamine-assisted ECT group (group RK, n = 43), and intermittent ketamine-assisted ECT group (group IK, n = 46). Patients in group RK were given ketamine at the dose of 0.3 mg/kg for each ECT treatment, patients in group IK were given ketamine once a week during ECT course. The depressive symptoms were assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) at baseline, the end of ECT course, after 1 and 3 months, followed by an analysis of the psychiatric complications. Results indicated that ketamine-assisted ECT achieved a higher remission rate (P < 0.05), and no difference was observed between repeated and intermittent ketamine administrations. The total incidence rate of psychiatric complications in group RK (20.93%) was higher than that in group E (0%) and group IK (4.35%). In conclusion, intermittent administration of low dose ketamine in ECT significantly improved the effects of ECT and decreased psychiatric complications compared with repeated ketamine addition.
High-definition transcranial direct current stimulation—An open-label pilot intervention in alleviating depressive symptoms and cognitive deficits in late-life depression$$$ The efficacy of high-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) in late-life depression (LLD) remains unknown due to limited research on its therapeutic effects on the hallmarks of LLD—the depressive and cognitive symptoms. The present open-label pilot study aimed to examine the effectiveness of HD-tDCS as an augmentation therapy with antidepressants in improving the depressive and cognitive symptoms for LLD. Significant improvements were hypothesized in the depressive, cognitive, and daily functioning outcomes over time. A total of 15 subjects with LLD (13 females, mean age = 73.27 ± 6.25) received five consecutive daily sessions of 20-minute active HD-tDCS interventions weekly for 2 weeks, with a 2 mA anodal stimulation over F3 and cathodal stimulation over FC1, AF3, F7, and FC5. Depressive symptoms and cognitive and daily functioning were assessed across five assessment timepoints. The results revealed that the HD-tDCS was effective in reducing the depressive severity and the remission rates, with a sustained effect at both the 1-month and 3-month follow-up. Pre-post improvements were seen in the overall cognitive functioning and in verbal fluency, but not in executive functioning. Our pilot study provides a preliminary result of HD-tDCS in LLD, which was a safe and effective treatment in alleviating depressive symptoms, with mild cognitive improvements observed. Further larger scale randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm this result.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Pediatric Neurological Disorders$$$ Purpose of review: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a form of noninvasive brain stimulation that is used for the treatment of migraine and major depression in adults and is now being evaluated for use in other disorders. The purpose of this review is to summarize the physiology underlying TMS, the safety and tolerability in pediatric patients, and the evidence for TMS efficacy in the treatment of pediatric neurologic disorders. Recent findings: Studies investigating rTMS for adolescent depression, hemiparesis due to pediatric stroke, autism, and tics/Tourette syndrome have demonstrated some therapeutic benefit. rTMS has been insufficiently studied for migraine in children despite benefits demonstrated for adult migraine. Evidence for rTMS in childhood epilepsy and ADHD remains mixed. Summary: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is emerging as a safe, tolerable, and potentially effective therapeutic strategy in a number of pediatric neurological disorders, though high-quality, randomized controlled trials are needed. Ongoing studies should focus on optimization of treatment protocols, development of biomarkers to identify children who will benefit from the technique, and identification of the most appropriate indicators of response.
Exacerbation action plans for patients with COPD and comorbidities: A randomised controlled trial$$$ This international randomised controlled trial evaluated whether COPD patients with comorbidities, trained in using patient-tailored multidisease exacerbation action plans, had fewer COPD exacerbation days than usual care (UC). COPD patients (Global Initiative for Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease (GOLD) classification II–IV) with ≥1 comorbidity (ischaemic heart disease, heart failure, diabetes, anxiety, depression) were randomised to a patient-tailored self-management intervention (n=102) or UC (n=99). Daily symptom diaries were completed for 12 months. The primary outcome “COPD exacerbation days per patient per year” was assessed using intention-to-treat analyses. No significant difference was observed in the number of COPD exacerbation days per patient per year (self-management: median 9.6 (interquartile range (IQR) 0.7–31.1); UC: median 15.6 (IQR 3.0–40.3); incidence rate ratio (IRR) 0.87 (95% CI 0.54; 1.39); p=0.546). There was a significantly shorter duration per COPD exacerbation for self-management (self-management: median 8.1 (IQR 4.8–10.1) days; UC: median 9.5 (IQR 7.0–15.1) days; p=0.021), with no between-group differences in the total number of respiratory hospitalisations (IRR 0.76 (95% CI 0.42; 1.35); p=0.348), but a lower probability of≥1 for respiratory-related hospitalisation compared to UC (relative risk 0.55 (95% CI 0.35; 0.87); p=0.008). No between-group differences were observed in all-cause hospitalisations (IRR 1.07 (95% CI 0.66; 1.72)) or mortality (self-management: n=4 (3.9%); UC: n=7 (7.1%); relative risk 0.55 (95% CI 0.17; 1.84)). Patient-tailored exacerbation action plans for COPD patients with comorbidities did not significantly reduce exacerbation days, but reduced the duration per COPD exacerbation and the risk of having at least one respiratory-related hospitalisation during follow-up, without excess all-cause mortality.
Twice-daily neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation for bipolar depression: A Randomized Sham-Controlled Pilot Study$$$ The safety and efficacy of neuronavigated intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) in patients with bipolar depression has not yet been investigated. We hypothesized the superiority of active iTBS over sham. Twenty-six patients were randomly allocated to receive either active (n = 12) or sham (n = 14) iTBS. Response and remission rates according to changes in depression MADRS score were high following active iTBS (72% and 42% for response and remission rates, respectively), but no significant difference was found after sham stimulation (42%and 25%). No adverse events were observed. This study revealed the safety and tolerability of twice daily iTBS in patients with bipolar depression. Larger controlled studies are warranted to prove iTBS superiority in treatment-resistant bipolar depression.
A Prospective Open-Label Pilot Study of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in High-Functioning Autistic Patients with a Dysexecutive Syndrome$$$ Background: Executive functions (EF) are often impaired in autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Such dysfunctions are associated with anxiety, depression, and a lack of autonomy. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been shown to enhance EF in healthy adults and clinical populations and to improve working memory - a component of the EF - in adults with high-functioning ASD (HF-ASD). We hypothesized that tDCS could improve the EF of HF-ASD patients. Such enhancement could improve their adaptive behaviors. Method: Eight patients with HF-ASD received 10 consecutive cathodal tDCS sessions (2 mA) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (F3) for 15 min each in an open trial. EF (with the Stroop test, Trail Making Test [TMT] A and B, Modified Wisconsin Card Sorting Test [mWCST], and Verbal Fluency Test) and behavioral dysexecutive syndrome (with the Behavioral Dysexecutive Syndrome Inventory and the Repetitive and Restricted Behaviour scale) were assessed before and 10 days after treatment. Results: This study showed significant improvement in initiation (TMT-A time: p = 0.018) and cognitive flexibility (TMT-B time: p = 0.009; letter Verbal Fluency Test: p = 0.017; mWCST total errors: p = 0.028) after tDCS. Regarding behavior, the hypoactivity of the patients improved, as well as their repetitive and restrictive behaviors. In addition, this noninvasive neurostimulation technique was well tolerated. Conclusions: Flexibility and initiation are the most impaired EF in autism. These are promising results which justify a randomized and placebo-controlled study in a wider population. If these results were confirmed by a randomized controlled trial, tDCS could be an easy and well-tolerated adjunctive treatment aiming to improve the quality of life and the autonomy of ASD patients.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Major Depression: A Double-Blind Randomized Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ In the current study, we tried to evaluate the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on treatment-resistant major depression. We carried out a double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial was conducted in University Hospitals. Individuals with less than 50% decrease in the intensity of depression after 8 weeks of treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors were recruited. Thirty patients (16 women) with a mean (SD) age of 47.2 (12.0) years were randomly allocated to 2 groups. For the active group we administered 2-mA stimulation 20 minutes for each session, with 30 seconds ramp-up from 0 and 30 seconds ramp-down. For the sham group we administered 30 seconds ramp-up to 2 mA, 10 seconds stimulation, 30 seconds ramp-down, and 20 minutes no current. The anode was fixed on the center of F3, and the cathode on F4, over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We assessed the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale at the baseline (mean difference = 1.0, P =.630), at the last session of tDCS, and at 1-month postintervention. There were statistically significant differences in the mean Hamilton scores after the intervention, and 1 month later in favor of active group; P <.001, and P =.003, respectively. Mixed analysis of variance showed a significant difference in the mean scores for active group P =.010 and pattern of change during the study P <.001 in favor of active intervention. We concluded that tDCS is an efficient therapy for patients with resistant major depression, and the benefits would remain at least for 1 month.
Treatment for depression comorbid with dementia$$$ Depression is a common comorbidity in dementia. Randomised controlled studies of antidepressants do not show a significant improvement in depressive symptoms in patients with comorbid dementia and are known to lead to an increase in side effects. However, there are relatively few studies of depression in dementia, and drawing firm conclusions about the use of antidepressants is limited by the amount of data available. Furthermore, it is unclear whether data can be extrapolated from similar populations (eg, those with late-life depression) to inform pharmacotherapy in this patient group. Given the lack of effectiveness and risk of side effects associated with pharmacological treatments, psychological interventions may offer important therapeutic benefits. There is evidence for the effectiveness of individual psychological therapy, and further research will establish which psychological approach is the most effective. Some studies have shown an improvement in depressive symptoms using structured sleep hygiene programmes, exercise, arts interventions and music therapy. These studies are hampered by small data sets, and the benefits to individuals may not be well captured by standard outcome measures. At present, the best evidence for arts-based approaches is in music therapy. Depression with comorbid dementia responds well to electroconvulsive therapy and this is a useful treatment modality for those with severe or life-threatening depressive symptoms. Alternative neurostimulation techniques such as transcranial magnetic stimulation are not widely used at present and further research is needed before they can be a more widely used treatment modality.
Excess Significance Bias in Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Literature for Neuropsychiatric Disorders$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been widely tested and promoted for use in multiple neuropsychiatric conditions, but as for many other medical devices, some gaps may exist in the literature and the evidence base for the clinical efficacy of rTMS remains under debate. Objective: We aimed to test for an excess number of statistically significant results in the literature on the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS across a wide range of meta-analyses and to characterize the power of studies included in these meta-analyses. Methods: Based on power calculations, we computed the expected number of "positive" datasets for a medium effect size (standardized mean difference, SMD = 0.30) and compared it with the number of observed "positive" datasets. Sensitivity analyses considered small (SMD = 0.20), modest (SMD = 0.50), and large (SMD = 0.80) effect sizes. Results: A total of 14 meta-analyses with 228 datasets (110 for neurological disorders and 118 for psychiatric disorders) were assessed. For SMD = 0.3, the number of observed "positive" studies (n = 94) was larger than expected (n = 35). We found evidence for an excess of significant findings overall (p < 0.0001) and in 8/14 meta-analyses. Evidence for an excess of significant findings was also observed for SMD = 0.5 for neurological disorders. Of the 228 datasets, 0 (0%), 0 (0%), 3 (1%), and 53 (23%) had a power >0.80, respectively, for SMDs of 0.30, 0.20, 0.50, and 0.80. Conclusion: Most studies in the rTMS literature are underpowered. This results in fragmentation and waste of research efforts. The somewhat high frequency of "positive" results seems spurious and may reflect bias. Caution is warranted in accepting rTMS as an established treatment for neuropsychiatric conditions.
Impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on generalized anxiety disorder in treatment-resistant depression$$$ background: Published evidence indicates the value of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for generalized anxiety disorder in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). As a part of routine clinical service, patients with TRD received right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) inhibitory rTMS immediately prior to left DLPFC depression treatment delivered according to a US Food and Drug Administration protocol. methods: A retrospective investigation of routinely collected data between 2016 and 2018 was undertaken. Measures used were the clinician-rated Clinical Global Impressions-Severity (CGI-S) scale and Hamilton Depression Rating scale (HAM-D), and the patient-rated Generalized Anxiety Disorder scale-7 (GAD-7) and Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9). The outcome data of 61 patients with TRD were analyzed. The sample included patients with comorbid psychiatric diagnoses. results: Response and remission rates, respectively, were 17.1% and 27.3% on the GAD-7; 20.7% and 12.5% on the HAM-D; 19% and 24% on the PHQ-9; and 20% and 23.5% on the CGI-S. Post-treatment scores significantly improved on the GAD-7, HAM-D, and CGI-S scales, with medium to large effect sizes (.61, .62, and .86 respectively). conclusions: Results indicate the potential value of rTMS in treating anxiety in patients who are referred for rTMS for TRD. Well-designed and adequately powered randomized controlled trials are required to determine clinical recommendations.
Effectiveness of Cerebellar Circuitry Modulation in Schizophrenia: A Systematic Review$$$ Structural and functional abnormalities of the cerebellum have been observed in schizophrenia since the first neuroimaging studies. More recently, the functions of the cerebellum have been extended beyond sensorimotor control to include participation in higher-level cognition and affective regulation. Consistently, the "cognitive dysmetria" theory posits that dysfunctions of cortical-subcortical-cerebellar circuitry may be crucial for the pathogenesis of different clinical features of schizophrenia. This conceptual framework offers a set of testable hypotheses, now that various tools to exert direct modulation of cerebellar activity are available. We conducted a systematic review of studies examining the effects of cerebellar modulation in schizophrenia. Two independent authors conducted a search within PubMed for articles published up to April 2019 and identified 10 studies (three randomized controlled trials, two open-label studies, two case reports, one preclinical study) describing the effects of cerebellar circuitry modulation in patients with schizophrenia or animal models. The majority of interventions were uncontrolled and used stimulation of the cerebellar vermis, using transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct-current stimulation. Most studies detected improvements after cerebellar modulation. Clinical changes mostly pertained the domains of negative symptoms, depressive symptoms and cognitive functions. In conclusion, few studies examined the effects of cerebellar modulation in schizophrenia but yielded promising results. This approach may hold therapeutic potential, pending further methodologically robust replication.
Research paper: Comparing the efficacy of anodal, cathodal, and sham transcranial direct current stimulation on brain-derived neurotrophic factor and psychological symptoms in opioid-addicted patients$$$ Introduction: Today, addiction to opioids is a serious problem all over the world. Unfortunately, the consumption of these drugs and the number of addicted people have drastically increased. This research aimed at comparing the efficacy of anodal, cathodal, and sham transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on the Brain-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF) and psychological symptoms in opioid-addicted patients. Methods: Thirty opioid-addicted patients were selected based on the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the Fifth Edition, through the convenience sampling method. They were then randomly assigned to 3 groups (10 in each group). The subjects were evaluated before and after tDCS by their serum level of BDNF, desires for drug questionnaire, and depression anxiety stress scale. The data were analyzed by the Kolmogorov-Smirnov test, one-way analysis of variance, as well as the Bonferroni test. Results: Stimulating the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPFC) led to a significant change in increasing the level of BDNF (P=0.031) and reducing the degree of depression (P=0.018), anxiety (P=0.001), stress (P=0.012), and decreased the level of craving (P=0.001) in opioid-addicted patients. There was no significant difference between active stimulation groups (anodal left/cathodal right and anodal right/cathodal left). The stimulation of the right DLPFC (group B) significantly increased BDNF in comparison with the sham group (sham tDCS) and decreased anxiety and craving. Nonetheless, no change was observed in depression and stress. The stimulation of the left DLPFC (group A) significantly reduced depression, anxiety, stress, and craving compared with the sham group, while there was no change in BDNF. Conclusion: In addition to the conventional treatments of opioid-addicted patients, tDCS is an effective complementary treatment.
Interventional psychiatry in the management of behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia: A qualitative review$$$ INTRODUCTION: “Behavioural and psychological symptoms of dementia” (BPSD) refers to a heterogeneous group of clinical manifestations related to dementia, including apathy, depression, anxiety, delusions, hallucinations, sexual or social disinhibition, sleep-wake cycle disturbances, aggression, agitation and other behaviours considered inappropriate. Because of the complexity and heterogeneity of BPSD, as well as the fragility and multimorbidity of the elderly, pharmacological treatment appears to be limited in terms of safety and efficacy, and nonpharmacological therapies are today considered the first choice. There is growing evidence that interventional approaches such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), deep brain stimulation (DBS), and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) could be safe and efficient options for several psychiatric illnesses in a population presenting resistance to and/or intolerance of pharmacotherapy. AIMS: The aim of the present work is to provide a qualitative review of the state of the art in interventional psychiatry in the treatment of BPSD. A particular focus will be on depression and agitation, which represent major stressors on caregivers and a primary cause of institutionalisation. CONCLUSIONS: ECT is probably the most promising interventional procedure needing further investigation in order to obtain specific protocols and a consensus on indications. Preliminary data on rTMS, tDCS, and VNS are encouraging although randomised controlled trials to investigate and compare their efficacy in the treatment of BPSD are still lacking. Their feasibility profile could represent an important advantage over ECT. DBS could represent a very effective therapy for behavioural disorders, but knowledge of the precise neuroanatomical targets for BPSD is currently too limited to justify this invasive approach.
Longitudinal Clinical Trial Recruitment and Retention Challenges in the Burn Population: Lessons Learned from a Trial Examining a Novel Intervention for Chronic Neuropathic Symptoms$$$ Long-term trials are key to understanding chronic symptoms such as pain and itch. However, challenges such as high attrition rates and poor recruitment are common when conducting research. The aim of this work was to explore these issues within a long-term randomized control trial using transcranial direct current stimulation to treat pain and itch. This parallel double blinded, placebo-controlled randomized trial was comprised of 15 transcranial direct current stimulation visits and 7 follow-up visits. Participants were over the age of 18, had a burn injury that occurred at least 3 weeks before enrollment, and reported having pain and/or itch that was moderate to severe in intensity. A total of 31 subjects were randomized into either an active or sham transcranial direct current stimulation groups. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of age, race, education, baseline depression, or anxiety. The median dropout time was at visit 19 (visit 16 [SE = 1.98] for the sham group and visit 19 [SE = 1.98] for the active group). Analysis showed no differences in the dropout rate between groups [χ2(1) = 0.003, P =. 954]. The dropout rate was 46.7% for the sham group and 43.8% for the active group. Overall, 45.2% of the subjects dropped out of the trial. Long-term clinical trials are an essential part of evaluating interventions for symptoms such as chronic pain and itch. However, as seen in this trial, long-term studies in the burn population often face recruitment and adherence challenges.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve anxiety in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind and controlled trial$$$ High frequency (HF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) can improve depression in Parkinson's disease (PD). In literature only a few clinical data are available on efficacy of HF rTMS treatment regarding anxiety. Methods: Thirty patients with PD were randomly assigned to active (n = 15) and sham (n = 15) rTMS. High frequency rTMS was applied over the left DLPFC for 10 days. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short term), and 30 days after treatment session ended (long-term effect). Primary endpoint was change in anxiety measured by the Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A). Results: Two patients (one in the active and another in the sham-treated group) did not complete the protocol; therefore; their data were excluded from the analysis. In the actively-treated group the severity of anxiety improved from 14.9 ± 4.8 points to 8.3 ± 5.2 points (p =.039) while in the sham treated group it remained unchanged (from 14.5 ± 5.7 points to 14.1 ± 5.2 points, p =.879). Conclusions: Our results demonstrate the beneficial effects of high frequency left DLPF rTMS on anxiety in PD.
Efficacy and Safety of High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Poststroke Depression: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To summarize and systematically review the efficacy and safety of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) for depression in patients with stroke. Data Sources: Six databases (Wanfang, the China National Knowledge Infrastructure, PubMed, Embase, Cochrane Library, and Web of Science) were searched from inception until November 15, 2018. Study Selection: Seventeen randomized controlled trials were included for meta-analysis. Data Extraction: Two independent reviewers selected potentially relevant studies based on the inclusion criteria, extracted data, and evaluated the methodological quality of the eligible trials using the Physiotherapy Evidence Database. Data Synthesis: We calculated the combined effect size (standardized mean difference [SMD] and odds ratio [OR]) for the corresponding effects models. Physiotherapy Evidence Database scores ranged from 7 to 8 points (mean=7.35). The study results indicated that HF-rTMS had significantly positive effects on depression in patients with stroke. The effect sizes of the SMD ranged from small to large (SMD, -1.01; 95% confidence interval [CI], -1.36 to -0.66; P<.001; I2, 85%; n=1053), and the effect sizes of the OR were large (response rates, 58.43% vs 33.59%; OR, 3.31; 95% CI, 2.25-4.88; P<.001; I2, 0%; n=529; remission rates, 26.59% vs 12.60%; OR, 2.72; 95% CI, 1.69-4.38; P<.001; I2, 0%; n=529). In terms of treatment side effects, the HF-rTMS group was more prone to headache than the control group (OR, 3.53; 95% CI, 1.85-8.55; P<.001; I2, 0%; n=496). Conclusions: HF-rTMS is an effective intervention for poststroke depression, although treatment safety should be further verified via large sample multicenter trials.
Efficacy and safety of bupropion hydrochloride extended-release versus escitalopram oxalate in Chinese patients with major depressive disorder: Results from a randomized, double-blind, non-inferiority trial$$$ Background: This study evaluated the non-inferiority of bupropion extended-release (XL) compared to escitalopram for acute-phase treatment of Chinese patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: This randomized (1:1), double-blind, active-control study conducted between February 2015 and October 2016 included patients with MDD (DSM-IV) (N = 538). The treatment phase had three dose levels (level 1 [Week 1], level 2 [Week 2–4], and level 3 [Week 5–8]), which included either bupropion XL 150 mg, 300 mg, 300 mg or escitalopram 10 mg, 10 mg, 10–20 mg (once-daily), respectively. Primary outcome was mean change from baseline in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 (HAMD-17) total score at Week 8. Results: Overall, 534 patients (bupropion XL, n = 266; escitalopram, n = 268) received at least one dose of study medication. The least square mean (standard error) change from baseline in HAMD-17 total score at Week 8 was −14.5 (0.41) in bupropion XL group and −15.4 (0.39) in escitalopram group (mean difference: 0.8 [−0.27, 1.94]). The response rate was 69.6% versus 72.9%, remission rate was 39.7% versus 47.2%, sustained response rate was 51.6% versus 56.3%, and sustained remission rate was 25.5% versus 28.6%, respectively, for bupropion XL versus escitalopram group. Adverse events were reported by 313 patients (bupropion XL, n = 157; escitalopram, n = 156); the most common on-treatment adverse event in both groups was nausea (10.5% versus 18.7%, respectively). Limitations: A non-inferiority short-term (8 weeks) study without a placebo arm. Conclusion: Results from this study demonstrated that the efficacy of bupropion XL was non-inferior to that of escitalopram in Chinese patients with MDD.
Does rTMS on brain areas of mirror neurons lead to higher improvements on symptom severity and empathy compared to the rTMS standard procedure? – Results from a double-blind interventional study in individuals with major depressive disorders$$$ Background: A key feature of major depressive disorders is the lack of emotional processing such as empathy. To counter this, we tested, if brain stimulation on areas rich of mirror neurons on the left inferior parietal lobe (lIPL) might improve emotional processing, including empathy, compared to a standard brain stimulation on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC). Methods: Twenty inpatients (mean age: 38.9 years; 55% females) with severe major depressive disorders and stable treatment of sertraline at therapeutic dosages were randomly assigned to either the rTMS condition on areas of mirror neuron stimulation, that is, the left inferior parietal lobe (rTMS-lIPL), or to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (rTMS-lDLPFC; control condition). Interventions lasted for two consecutive weeks (2 × 5 interventions of 30′). At baseline and at the end of the study, patients completed questionnaires on current mood state and emotion regulation. In parallel, experts rated patients’ depression severity. Results: Mood improved over time, but more so in the control condition, compared to the rTMS-lIPL condition (medium-large effect sizes). Emotion regulation improved over time; specifically, empathy improved, but only in the rTMS-lIPL condition, compared to the control condition. Symptoms of depression decreased over time, but more so in the rTMS- lIPL condition. Conclusions: The pattern of results suggests that among inpatients with severe major depressive disorders, and compared to a standard procedure of rTMS, rTMS targeting on areas rich of mirror neurons appeared to improve emotion regulation, and specifically empathy, while there was no advantage on acute mood.
Low-frequency right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression after traumatic brain injury: A randomized sham-controlled pilot study$$$ Objective: Major depression is the most common psychiatric sequela of traumatic brain injury (TBI), but effective treatment continues to be a challenge, with few studies providing guidance. Methods: In a pilot study, the authors evaluated the effect size of low-frequency right-sided (LFR) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), compared with sham treatment, over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in patients (N=30) with TBI depression and co-occurring neuropsychiatric symptoms, including suicidal thoughts, anxiety, posttraumatic stress disorder, sleep disturbance, behavioral problems, and cognitive dysfuncti on. Expl oratory anal yses of di ffusi on tensor imaging pre-and postintervention were performed to determine the effect size of LFR rTMS on white matter integrity. Results: Small (Hedge’s g=0.19) and highly variable effects of LRF rTMS over right DLPFC in TBI depression were observed. Similarly, the effect of LFR rTMS for treatment of comorbid neuropsychiatric symptoms varied from small to moderate. Conclusions: These findings suggest that the observed effects of LFR rTMS over the right DLPFC in TBI depression and co-occurring neuropsychiatric symptoms are small, at best, and, preliminarily, that low-frequency right DLPFC stimulation has limited potential in this patient population. However, studies employing different rTMS parameters (e.g., type, location, frequency, duration) or other participant characteristics (e.g., TBI severity, chronicity, comorbidity, concurrent treatment) may potentially yield different responses.
2.53 ROLE OF REPETITIVE TRANSCRANIAL MAGNETIC STIMULATION (RTMS) IN THE TREATMENT OF TOURETTE'S DISORDER AND TIC DISORDERS: A REVIEW$$$ Objectives: Tourette’s disorder is characterized by the presence of both motor and vocal tics with onset before 18 years of age, lasting for at least 1 year. Treatment options include pharmacotherapy and/or behavioral therapy, which are not completely effective in all children, and patients might get side effects from the medications. There is a need for effective and safe treatment, especially for treatment-resistant cases. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a relatively new noninvasive therapeutic technique, has been widely used in mental health and neurological disorders, such as depression, anxiety, and epilepsy. This review focuses on examining the effectiveness of rTMS in such treatment-resistant cases of tics. Methods: A systematic literature search was conducted with the search terms “Tics,” “Tourette Syndrome,” and “rTMS” using PubMed/MEDLINE, PsycINFO, and. Results: A systematic review resulted in 309 hits, of which 11 full-text articles were included for the review and analysis. They included 2 double-blind, randomized controlled trials, 2 single-blind randomized controlled trials, 1 double-blind randomized controlled trial with an open-label extension, 4 open-label studies, 1 case series, and 1 case report. The duration of rTMS treatment varied from 2 days to 4 weeks. The pulses used were 900, 1200, 1800, and 2400 per day, and the frequencies were 1, 4, 15, and 30 Hz. Seven studies did not use placebo- or sham-controlled arms. The Yale Global Tic Severity Scale (YGTSS) was the primary outcome measure used. Three open-label, 1 double-blinded trial with an open-label extension, 1 case series, and 1 case report showed significant improvement in tics. However, double-blinded and single-blinded trials (n = 4) failed to show any difference between the rTMS group and sham/control group. A very small percentage of the patients reported side effects, such as headache (the most common), scalp pain, self-injurious crises, abdominal pain, red eyes, and tiredness. Conclusions: rTMS seems to be a safe and reasonable treatment option for the tics in Tourette's disorder refractory to other treatment modalities. Although our analysis concluded that there was a significant improvement in tics with the rTMS treatment only in open-label trials and case series/reports, more studies should be conducted to show the efficacy of rTMS on tics. TICS, TD
23.3 DEVELOPING A MENTAL HEALTH CLINIC FOR TRANSITION-AGE YOUTH WITH ASD, THE NEED FOR SYSTEMATIC ASSESSMENT OF CO-OCCURRING MENTAL HEALTH CONDITIONS AND TRACKING FUNCTION$$$ Objectives: Transition-age youth (TAY) with ASD are a vulnerable population at risk for transition-related challenges, co-occurring mental health conditions (CMHCs), and poor functional outcomes. Methods: Stephanie Ameis, MD, MSC, will first present results from a systematic review, meta-analysis, and metaregression summarizing the prevalence of CMHCs in people with ASD and factors associated with heterogeneity across studies. Dr. Ameis will then present clinical and functional characteristics of youth with ASD engaged in a randomized, controlled trial carried out to examine the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on problems with everyday executive function skills (n = 40, 28 males, age = 22.58 ± 4.48). A variety of clinical/cognitive/functional characteristics were measured in ASD. Results: The following pooled estimates for CMHCs in ASD were found through the meta-analysis: 33 percent ADHD, 22 percent anxiety disorder, 12 percent depressive disorder, 5 percent bipolar disorder, 6 percent schizophrenia spectrum disorder, 10 percent OCD, and 13 percent sleep-wake disorder. Increased age was associated with higher prevalence of depressive, bipolar, and schizophrenia spectrum disorders. Youth recruited for the randomized, controlled trial featured prominent impairment in adaptive and executive functioning in the absence of intellectual impairment, and adaptive functioning influenced response to rTMS treatment for executive function skills. Conclusions: TAY with ASD require mental health care focused on tracking CMHCs with high rates in ASD, particularly depressive, bipolar and schizophrenia spectrum disorders that emerge in late adolescence/emerging adulthood. Building care models that focus on tracking everyday functional impairment may be critical to improving outcomes. ASD, ADOL, EBP
5.14 RESULTS OF A DOUBLE-BLIND, PLACEBO-CONTROLLED CROSSOVER STUDY OF INTRANASAL KETAMINE IN ADOLESCENTS AND YOUNG ADULTS WITH ASD$$$ Objectives: The goals of this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover pilot study of intranasal (IN) ketamine in adolescents and young adults with ASD were to evaluate the efficacy of IN ketamine targeting core social deficits of ASD and to examine the safety of IN ketamine in the target population. Methods: In this controlled trial of IN ketamine targeting core social impairment in individuals with ASD, participants received 2 doses of IN ketamine (30 and 50 mg) and 2 doses of a matching placebo. The participants were adolescents and young adults (ages 12–31 years), with a diagnosis of ASD confirmed by the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule within the previous 5 years. Subjects with known genetic syndromes associated with ASD were excluded (ie, fragile X syndrome, tuberous sclerosis). All participants weighed ≥ 50 kg and had general good heath as determined by their medical history, physical exam, laboratory work-up, and electrocardiogram. Results: A total of 22 subjects were screened for the study, and 21 were randomized. No crossover effects were noted on any analysis. There was no statistically significant improvement with ketamine on the repeated-measures linear model used for analysis of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABC)-Social Withdrawal subscale (p = 0.48). No statistically significant improvement on the Clinical Global Impression–Improvement (CGI-I) was noted with ketamine versus placebo (p = 0.30). The odds of treatment response (CGI-I = 2 or 3, no CGI-I = 1 reported) was higher with ketamine, but this was not statistically significant (OR = 0.51). No statistically significant results for the repeated-measures models for the other ABC subscales; the Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS); or the Anxiety, Depression, and Mood Scale (ADAMS) were identified. The study drug was well-tolerated with only mild transient adverse effects (AEs) reported. Results of the exploratory social eye tracking objective outcome measure captured only sedation effects, reducing the participant’s duration of fixation on social scenes short term after ketamine exposure. This sedation effect demonstrates CNS penetrance of ketamine at the 30-mg and 50-mg doses delivered via a mucosal atomization device, suggesting potential use of our eye-tracking paradigm as a pharmacodynamic (PD) marker of CNS engagement. Conclusions: Overall, ketamine was well-tolerated in this initial pilot study in ASD. Future analyses will include development of pharmacokinetic-PD evaluating the impact of circulating ketamine on eye tracking and exploratory EEG, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and computer-based testing used in this project. This work will help guide future trial design in the field with ketamine, related compounds, and other molecules using a fast-fail first in ASD highly quantitative study design. ASD, PPC, RCT
Results of a Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Crossover Study of Intranasal Ketamine in Adolescents and Young Adults With Autism Spectrum Disorder$$$ Objectives: The goal of this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover pilot study of intranasal (IN) ketamine in adolescents and young adults with ASD was to evaluate the efficacy of IN ketamine targeting core social deficits of ASD and to examine the safety of IN ketamine in the target population. Methods: In this controlled trial of IN ketamine targeting core social impairment in individuals with ASD, participants received 2 doses of IN ketamine (30 and 50 mg) and 2 doses of a matching placebo. The study participants were adolescents and young adults ages 12 to 31 years with a diagnosis of ASD confirmed by the Autism Diagnostic Observation Schedule performed at study screen or within the previous 5 years. Subjects with known genetic syndromes associated with ASD were excluded (ie, fragile X syndrome, tuberous sclerosis). All participants weighed ≥ 50 kg and had general good heath as determined by their medical history, physical exam, laboratory work-up, and electrocardiogram. Results: A total of 22 subjects were screened for the study, and 21 were randomized. No crossover effects were noted on any analysis. There was no statistically significant improvement with ketamine on the repeated-measures linear model employed for analysis of the Aberrant Behavior Checklist (ABC)- Social Withdrawal subscale (p = 0.48). No statistically significant improvement on the Clinical Global Impression-Improvement (CGI-I) was noted with ketamine versus placebo (p = 0.30). The odds of treatment response (CGI-I = 2 or 3, no CGI-I = 1 reported) was higher with ketamine, but this was not statistically significant (OR = 0.51). No statistically significant results for the repeated-measures models for the other ABC subscales; the Social Responsiveness Scale (SRS); or the Anxiety, Depression, and Mood Scale (ADAMS) were identified. The study drug was well-tolerated with only mild transient adverse effects (AEs) reported. Results of the exploratory social eye tracking objective outcome measure captured only sedation effects, reducing the participant’s duration of fixation on social scenes acutely following ketamine exposure. This sedation effect demonstrates CNS penetrance of ketamine at the 30-mg and 50-mg doses delivered via a mucosal atomization device, suggesting potential utility of our eye tracking paradigm as a pharmacodynamic (PD) marker of CNS engagement. Conclusions: Overall, ketamine was well-tolerated in this initial pilot study in ASD. Future analyses will include development of pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic (PK-PD) evaluating the impact of circulating ketamine on eye tracking and exploratory EEG, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and computer-based testing used in this project. This work will help guide future trial design in the field with ketamine, related compounds, and other molecules using a fast-fail first in ASD highly quantitative study design.
Clinical applications of transcranial magnetic stimulation in bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Many patients with bipolar disorder (BD) fail to experience benefit following traditional pharmacotherapy, necessitating alternative treatment options that will enable such patients to achieve remission. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a relatively new, noninvasive neuromodulation technique that involves the application of magnetic pulses on hyperactive or hypoactive cortical brain areas. We evaluated the existing literature on TMS as a treatment for BD across varied mood states. Methods: We searched PubMed up to October 2018 for original data articles published in English that evaluated outcomes in a bipolar sample across depressive, manic, mixed, and maintenance phases of BD. Results: Clinical trials of TMS for BD particularly suggest the potential of repetitive TMS for reducing depressive symptoms. Studies of TMS for mania have yielded more mixed findings. Few studies have evaluated TMS in other phases of the bipolar illness. TMS is generally associated with mild side effects though, in a few studies, it has been shown to contribute to a manic switch in previously depressed bipolar patients. Conclusions: Transcranial magnetic stimulation is a promising approach for treating patients with BD who have failed to respond to pharmacological or psychosocial treatment. Future research should more clearly elucidate which TMS protocols may be most effective for a given bipolar patient.
Increased interhemispheric synchrony underlying the improved athletic performance of rowing athletes by transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ To explore the mechanism of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the improved performance of professional rowing athletes. Twelve male professional rowing athletes were randomly divided into two groups (low-stimulation group, 1 mA, n = 6; high-stimulation group, 2 mA, n = 6), and they accepted tDCS for two consecutive weeks while undergoing regular training (20 min each time, five times a week, totally ten times). The assessments of depression, anxiety, executive function, fatigue perception, lactate threshold power (LTP) and isokinetic muscle strength as well as the collection of functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) data were performed at baseline and at follow-up (the end of the fourth week). The voxel-mirrored homotopic connectivity (VMHC) value was calculated in the whole brain. After stimulation, there were significant increases in executive function and athletic performance. Analysis of variance (ANOVA) analysis indicated time factor, stimulation intensity factor had a main effect on LTP and 60RK, respectively. There was no significant difference of VMHC value between the high- and low-stimulation groups at baseline. Comparing with low-stimulation group, significant increased VMHC values of the bilateral middle temporal gyrus (MTG), precentral gyrus and superior frontal gyrus (SFG) were found in high-stimulation group at follow-up. Correlation analyses showed that in high-stimulation group, the VMHC values of bilateral MTG and SFG were both positively correlated with the measures of athletic performance. tDCS may contribute to the improvement of athletic performance in professional rowing athletes, and the increased interhemispheric coordination may be involved in the mechanism of the improved athletic performance.
Does rTMS reduce depressive symptoms in young people who have not responded to antidepressants?$$$ Aim: Depression is common in young people, and there is a need for safe, effective treatments. This study examined the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in a sample of young people aged 17 to 25 years. Methods: This retrospective study included 15 people aged 17 to 25 years referred by their private psychiatrists affiliated with Ramsay Health Care, South Australia Mental Health Services. All patients met Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition criteria for treatment-resistant Major Depressive Disorder. Eleven patients received right unilateral treatment and four patients received bilateral treatment. Patients were assessed at baseline and after treatment. Results: There was a significant improvement on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (t(14) = 4.71, P < 0.0001); Montgomery-Åsperg Depression Rating Scale (t(14) = 3.96, P < 0.01) and the Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (t(14) = 4.13, P < 0.01). There was no difference in response by gender or age. The response rates in these young people did not differ significantly from those of adults aged 25 to 82 years. Conclusion: This open label, naturalistic study suggests that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is an effective treatment in young adults who have treatment-resistant depression. Randomized sham-controlled studies are needed to further investigate the efficacy of this treatment in this age group.
Multicenter randomized controlled trial of bifrontal, bitemporal, and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder$$$ Aim: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been shown to be the most effective and rapid treatment for severe depression. Electrode placement is one of the most important factors that affect ECT's efficacy and side-effects profile. Bifrontal, bitemporal, and unilateral are the three most used electrode placements. Very few studies have directly compared the efficacy and cognitive side-effects of the three placements. The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and cognitive side-effects associated with bifrontal, bitemporal, and unilateral electrode placements. Methods: This multicenter randomized, blinded, controlled trial included 40 patients in each of the three groups. Most of the patients (94.8%) completed six ECT treatments. We used mixed-model analyses to compare differences in 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) and Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scores among the three groups and the five times series (baseline, Week 1, Week 2, Week 3, and Week 4). The cognitive outcome was Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) score. Results: HAMD-17 and CGI scores did not differ significantly across the groups (HAMD-17 scores: z = −1.13, P = 0.259; CGI scores: z = −0.35, P = 0.729). MMSE scores at pre- and post-ECT were similar across the three groups (F = 2.06, P = 0.133). However, subgroup analysis using paired t-tests showed that MMSE scores improved in the right unilateral and bifrontal groups (t = 2.745, P = 0.0098; t = 2.464, P = 0.0204), but did not change in the bitemporal group (t = 1.188, P = 0.2461). Conclusion: The efficacy of right unilateral and bifrontal ECT placement was similar to that of bitemporal ECT. The physical side-effects were also similar across the three groups. Right unilateral and bifrontal ECT placement were associated with improved cognitive outcomes, but bitemporal ECT placement was not.
Occipital and Cerebellar Theta Burst Stimulation for Mal De Debarquement Syndrome$$$ BACKGROUND: Individuals with Mal de Debarquement syndrome (MdDS) experience persistent oscillating vertigo lasting for months or years. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can modulate the motion perception of MdDS. MATERIALS AND METHODS: Twenty-six TMS naive individuals received single administrations of continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) over the occipital cortex, cerebellar vermis, and lateral cerebellar hemisphere, in randomized order. A 0-100 point Visual Analogue Scale was used to assess acute changes in oscillating vertigo severity after each session. Repeated treatments were given over the target that led to the most acute reduction in symptoms. All treatments were performed with neuronavigation using the participant's own brain MRI. The Dizziness Handicap Inventory (DHI), MdDS Balance Rating Scale (MBRS), and Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) were assessed weekly at four pretreatment and six posttreatment time points. RESULTS: Twenty participants chose either the occipital cortex (11) or cerebellar vermis (9) targets as most effective in reducing the oscillating vertigo; one chose lateral cerebellar hemisphere; five chose none. After 10 to 12 sessions of 1,200 pulses over the target of choice, 19 of 25 treatment completers noted ≥ 25% reduction, 12 of 25 ≥50% reduction, and 8 of 25 ≥75% reduction in oscillating vertigo intensity. A one-way repeated measures ANOVA of DHI, MBRS, and HADS scores before and after treatment showed significant reductions in DHI, MBRS, and the HADS Anxiety subscore immediately after treatment with most improvement lasting through posttreatment week 6. There were no significant Depression subscore changes. Participants who had chosen vermis stimulation had comparatively worse balance at baseline than those who had chosen occipital cortex stimulation. CONCLUSION: cTBS over either the occipital cortex or cerebellar vermis is effective in reducing the oscillating vertigo of MdDS acutely and may confer long-term benefits. Sustained improvement requires more frequent treatments.
The loss of muscle force production after muscle stretching is not accompanied by altered corticospinal excitability$$$ PURPOSE: The aim of the present study was to determine whether depression of maximal muscular force and neural drive subsequent to prolonged ( ≥ 60 s) passive muscle stretching is associated with altered corticospinal excitability or intracortical (GABAB-mediated) inhibition. METHODS: Fourteen healthy adult males were tested before and after 5 min (5 × 60-s stretches) of intense, passive static stretching of the plantar flexor muscles. Two protocols (A and B) were conducted in a randomized order. Transcranial magnetic stimulation was delivered to the contralateral motor cortex at rest (Protocol A) and during maximal voluntary contractions (Protocol B). Changes in maximal voluntary isometric torque, voluntary surface electromyographic activity of triceps surae muscles (normalized to M-wave; EMG/M), motor-evoked potentials (MEP), and cortical silent period (cSP; Protocol B) in soleus elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation were examined 10 min after stretch. RESULTS: In both protocols A and B, significant decreases were observed immediately after stretching in maximal voluntary plantar flexion torque ( - 20.1 ± 15.9%, P = 0.004; and - 17.2 ± 13.5%, P = 0.006) and EMG/M ( - 18.0 ± 18.2%, P = 0.023; and - 13.0 ± 9.3%, P = 0.003). Decreases in torque and EMG/M were highly correlated (r = 0.67-0.85, P < 0.05). However, no changes were observed in MEP amplitudes during rest ( + 29.3 ± 50.0%) or maximum voluntary contraction ( + 1.9 ± 16.8%), or in cSP ( + 2.1 ± 15.1%). CONCLUSIONS: Impaired neural drive contributed to the stretch-induced force loss; however, changes in corticospinal excitability and intracortical inhibition could not explain the phenomenon.
Ketamine and Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ Major depressive disorder affects tens of millions of people each year. One-third of those affected have depression that is resistant to conventional pharmacologic, psychologic, or somatic treatments. Patients with treatment-resistant depression have few remedies other than electroconvulsive therapy or transcranial magnetic stimulation. Recent research has highlighted the promising antidepressant effects of subanesthetic ketamine infusions. This journal course examines the efficacy of ketamine for treatment-resistant depression. Evidence from 10 systematic reviews and randomized controlled trials suggest that most of the researchers concluded ketamine significantly decreased depression severity ratings at short-term assessment intervals, whereas evidence examining the long-term effects is lacking. Ketamine infusion therapy was generally well tolerated, with minimal untoward effects. Large, randomized controlled trials are needed to discern the longer-term efficacy, tolerance, and dependence profiles of ketamine infusions. Optimal dosing schedules to best prolong the antidepressant effects of ketamine have yet to be determined.
The amount of HF-rTMS sessions modifies the SERT availability and determines an increase or decrease in central homovanillic acid and 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid$$$ Aim/Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is thought to exert its anti-depressant action through the serotonergic and dopaminergic system. Nonetheless, only the immediate effects on these systems have been thoroughly studied. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the effects - immediate and long-lasting - of an acute and chronic accelerated high frequency repetitive rTMS (aHF-rTMS) on serotonin transporter (SERT), dopamine and its metabolites in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and serum of healthy beagle dogs. Materials and Methods: 22 dogs were randomly divided into 3 unequal groups: 5 active sessions (n=10), 20 active sessions (n=8), and 20 sham sessions (n=4). Each dog received an anatomical MRI, neuronavigation and a baseline [11C]DASB PET scan, followed by an aHF-rTMS treatment over the left frontal cortex. 24 hours, 1 month and 3 months after the last stimulation session [11C]DASB PET scans were acquired. After each scan, a CSF and serum tap was performed. The SERT binding index (BI) of 23 brain regions was calculated. The concentrations of dopamine (DA), homovanillic acid (HVA), 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid (DOPAC) in the CSF and serum were analysed on a reversed phase liquid chromatography system with electrochemical detection. Linear mixed models were used to analyse the data. Results: An acute (24 hours post) increase in SERT BI in the region containing the raphe nuclei (P-value = 0.04) was seen within the 20 active sessions group. In addition, the BI decreased in the subgenual cortex (P-value = 0.002), pre-subgenual cortex (P-value = 0.02) and left thalamic area (P-value = 0.04) one month after stimulation. Immediate (24 hours post) differences in SERT BI, were noticed between both active protocols in the left thalamic area (P-value = 0.04) and the pre-subgenual cortex (P-value = 0.01). Within the 5 active sessions group HVA was increased 24 hours (P-value = 0.02), 1 month (P-value = 0.04) and 3 months (P-value < 0.001) after the stimulation. A decrease in HVA was seen for the 20 sessions active group 1 month (P-value = 0.01) and 3 months (P-value = 0.04) after the stimulation. Conclusion: Both active protocols were able to modify the SERT BI, central DOPAC and HVA concentrations. Administering more sessions of an aHFrTMS protocol induces changes in SERT BI in different brain regions other than when applying fewer sessions. The results imply that a single and four-day active HF-rTMS over the left frontal cortex provoke contrasting effects on the dopaminergic system.
Optimised transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for fibromyalgia - Targeting the endogenous pain control system: A randomised, double-blind, factorial clinical trial protocol$$$ Introduction Fibromyalgia (FM) is a common debilitating condition with limited therapeutic options. Medications have low efficacy and are often associated with adverse effects. Given that FM is associated with a defective endogenous pain control system and central sensitisation, combining interventions such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and aerobic exercise (AE) to modulate pain-processing circuits may enhance pain control. Methods and analysis A prospective, randomised (1:1:1:1), placebo-controlled, double-blind, factorial clinical trial will test the hypothesis that optimised tDCS (16 anodal tDCS sessions combined with AE) can restore of the pain endogenous control system. Participants with FM (n=148) will undergo a conditioning exercise period and be randomly allocated to one of four groups: (1) active tDCS and AE, (2) sham tDCS and AE, (3) active tDCS and non-aerobic exercise (nAE) or (4) sham tDCS and nAE. Pain inhibitory activity will be assessed using conditioned pain modulation (CPM) and temporal slow pain summation (TSPS) - primary outcomes. Secondary outcomes will include the following assessments: Transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroencephalography as cortical markers of pain inhibitory control and thalamocortical circuits; secondary clinical outcomes on pain, FM, quality of life, sleep and depression. Finally, the relationship between the two main mechanistic targets in this study - CPM and TSPS - and changes in secondary clinical outcomes will be tested. The change in the primary efficacy endpoint, CPM and TSPS, from baseline to week 4 of stimulation will be tested with a mixed linear model and adjusted for important demographic variables. Ethics and dissemination This study obeys the Declaration of Helsinki and was approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB) of Partners Healthcare under the protocol number 2017P002524. Informed consent will be obtained from participants. Study findings will be reported in conferences and peer-reviewed journal publications. Trial registration number NCT03371225.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve anxiety in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind and controlled trial$$$ Objective: High frequrncy (HF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) improve anxiety in Parkinson's Disease (PD). Background: The high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation above the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) improve depression in Parkinson's Disease. For anxiety we have no many datas about the eficiency. Methods: 30 people with PD randomly devided into two groups, an active (n=15), and a shame (n=15) group. We used HF rTMS treatment for 10 days above the left DLPFC. An examiner (who do not know the type of the treatment) made 3 video records: before the stimulation (baseline, 1st day), after the 10 days session end (short term effect, 11th day), and after 30 days (long term effect, 41st day). To measure the severity of the anxiety we used Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A). Results: 2 patients did not finish the protocol (one of the active, one of the shame treated group), their datas were excluded from the evaluation. At the actively-treated group the points improves 14.9 +/-4.8 to 8.3+/-5.2 (p=0.039), while the shame treated group there was no change (14.5 +/-4.8 to 14.1+/-5.2; p = 0.879). Conclusions: Our results shows that the HF rTMS at left DLPFC improve anxiety in PD. (Table Presented).
To respond or not to respond to paired associative stimulation: Proof of intervention by cerebello-cortical circuit$$$ Objective: To test whether the non-responder or responder status of primary motor cortex (M1) to an LTP-inducing paired associative stimulation (PAS) protocol in healthy young adults is a fixed state or is reversible if primed by cerebellar stimulation. Background: The average response of M1 to PAS is reportedly agedependent but 15-30% of young adults are non responders which questions the role of age. The non responder status was also suggested to be influenced by genetic polymorphism in BDNF. Methods: 19 right-handed subjects were classified as 8 responders (25.5 ± 7.5 years) and 11 non responders (23.7± 2.1years) to PAS applied to left M1 in the session 1. In sessions 2 and 3 in random order, PAS protocol was preceded 5 minutes by either a continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS CB-PAS) or intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS CB-PAS) applied to the right cerebellum. Motor thresholds and short interval intracortical inhibition (SICI) were tested at baseline and after each of these interventions. Results: In non-responders, cTBS CB-PAS enhanced the MEPs (P<0.0001) while iTBS CB-PAS depressed the MEPs (P = 0.03 ). In responders, cTBS CB did not change the amplitude of the MEPs (P = 0.8) while iTBS CB depressed the MEPs (P<0.0001). Thus, non responders to PAS could convert to responders if cTBS CB preceded PAS. Similarly, responders to PAS could become non responders if iTBS CB preceded PAS. In the whole group, higher levels of LTP-like response to PAS was associated with higher level of SICI following PAS. Higher levels of LTP-like response to cTBS CB-PAS in non responders was also associated with a stronger SICI. Conclusions: These results show that response or lack of it to PAS at M1 is not a fixed status as it is likely to be,among other factors, under cerebellar influence. Thus basal activities in the cerebello-cortical circuit can influence susceptibility of synapses in M1 to undergo LTP/LTD. Such a flexibility raises the issue of how to interpret a change in the amount of PAS response in pathophysiology studies as it may be related to a local (M1) or remote (cerebellum) pathology. In physiological conditions such a flexibility maybe relevant for motor learning and for consolidation of correct motor memories.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of pain in Parkinson's Disease-an open-label study$$$ Objective: To investigate the safety and efficacy of rTMS in the treatment of Parkinson's Disease associated pain. Background: Pain is a prevalent symptom in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) and is a key unmet need in the management of non-motor symptoms of PD. Current evidence for treatment of this disabling symptom shows limited efficacy. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive outpatient-based procedure that uses electromagnetically generated magnetic fields to induce electric currents in the cortex. TMS is delivered as trains of pulses (rTMS) to prolong its effects. Primary motor cortex (M1) is commonly targeted. While the exact mechanism of TMSinduced analgesia is unknown, it is thought to regulate the activity of the complex cortical and subcortical networks involved in the processing of painful signals and possibly strengthening the endogenous descending pain modulation system. Methods: Eleven patients suffering from refractory PD associated pain were recruited to the study. Serial assessment of the patients included UPDRS(III), King's PD Pain Scale, British Pain Society Rating Scale, Parkinson's Disease Questionnaire-39, Non-motor symptoms scale, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale and Patient Global Impression of Change. Each patient underwent a volumetric MRI scan. Nexstim© Navigated Brain Therapy (NBT®) System 2 was used to deliver ten sessions of rTMS stimulation of M1 at 90% of the Resting Motor Threshold at 2000 pulses/session. Daily pain scores and adverse events were recorded in pain diaries kept by patients. Results: Ten patients completed the study. One patient withdrew consent prior to the first stimulation session. None of the patients reported a deterioration in their Parkinson's disease control. There was significant improvement in the King's PD Pain scale (P<0.05). Fluctuation-related pain in particular 'off' period pain showed a significant improvement with rTMS (P<0.05). Three patients who also suffered visceral pain confirmed improvement with rTMS of M1. Three patients suffering from radicular pain did not show any improvement in their pain. Conclusions: rTMS is an effective treatment for Parkinson's Disease associated pain. Patients who suffer from 'off' period pain show the best improvement with rTMS. rTMS had no effect on radicular pain in PD. A randomised control trial is advised to validate the findings in this openlabel study.
Treating depression in Parkinson's Disease: A systematic literature review$$$ Objective: To elucidate the most acceptable and effective treatments for the management of depression in Parkinson's disease (PD) using a systematic review approach. Background: Depression is frequently reported as a significantly debilitating co-morbidity by PD patients. The treatment of depression in PD has been examined in a number of studies, however, no general consensus on best clinical practise has been agreed upon by the medical and scientific community. Obtaining a clearer understanding of the most effective and tolerable treatments will result in better quality-of-life and prognoses for PD patients with depression. Moreover, this information may aid in the development of recognised guidelines for the treatment of depression in PD. Methods: A systematic review of studies, up to 31 December 2018, investigating the efficacy, efficiency and side-effect profile of pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments for depression in PD was undertaken. PubMed, Cochrane, Web of Science and MEDLINE databases were used to identify relevant randomised control trials, cohort studies and case-control studies for inclusion. Results: Evidence suggests that citalopram, paroxetine, venlafaxine, nortriptyline, desipramine and pramipexole may be effective pharmacological agents for the treatment of depression in PD, however, studies tended to be limited by small sample sizes and/or relatively short treatment periods. For non-pharmacological interventions, cognitive behavioural therapy and exercise seem effective, however, these therapeutic approaches appear to be more suitable in cases of mild-to-moderate depression. Moreover, given the demands of these options, they are likely better suited to patients with less advanced PD symptoms. ECT looks promising however, most available information comes from single-case studies in patients with severe and/or treatment-resistant depression. Alternative brain stimulation techniques, including DBS and TMS, have produced inconclusive and conflicting evidence. Conclusions: Although a number of different interventions for the treatment of depression in PD have been investigated, the existing literature is limited. To draw definitive conclusions, larger randomised control trials, examining all available antidepressant treatments and considering the heterogeneity of depression and PD, need to be undertaken. This abstract was also submitted for presentation at the 2019 European Academy of Neurology Conference.
rTMS-induced effects on functional tremor: A randomized, doubleblind, controlled study$$$ Objective: To compare the effect on functional tremor (FT) of real rTMS vs sham and to test if hypnosis combined with rTMS might help to prolong any rTMS-induced therapeutic effect. Background: Despite advances in our understanding of the neurobiological support and in clinical diagnosis of Functional Movement Disorders (FMD), there is a lack of published controlled therapeutic studies and indeed management of FMD remains challenging. Methods: The effect on FT of 5 consecutive daily sessions of real rTMS vs sham was compared, at one and two months (M1, M2), using a double-blinded randomized 2-arm parallel controlled design. In the second open-label phase, all the patients had 3 weekly sessions of hypnosis, combined with 3 single real rTMS sessions. Primary outcome was change of Psychogenic Movement Disorder Rating Scale, (PMDRS) total score at M1 compared to baseline. Secondary outcomes were changes in total and tremor PMDRS sub-scores, domains of SF-36 scale, Self-report Hospital Anxiety and Depression, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Clinical Global Impression, assessed at M1, M2, M6 and M12. Results: 33 outpatients affected by FMD were screened and 18 fulfilling the inclusion criteria, (8M, 10F), were randomized. One month after the intervention the mean PMDRS score decreased in both groups but differences with baseline were only significant in the real rTMS group (p < 0.001) and remained significant at M2 (p < 0.001). Similar results were observed with mean tremor subscores (p < 0.01). Significant changes from baseline values were maintained at M6 and M12 for the active group (p < 0.001). For the control group, mean PMDRS returned almost to its baseline value as soon as the end of M2 and remained unchanged at M6 and M12. A significant improvement of the SF-36 general health domain was reported by the patients at M12, compared with baseline, for both groups whatever the intervention, (p=0.02), with a negative correlation between M12 PMDRS total or tremor subscores and M12 general health percentages: the lower the PMDRS or tremor scores at the end of the study, the higher the general health domain percentage (PMDRS r = -0.67 p = 0.02; tremor r= - 0.53 p = 0.05). Conclusions: rTMS could represent a valuable therapeutic option in the management of FT, able to induce significant long-lasting decrease of symptoms, if applied with suitable parameters and combined with other therapies such hypnosis.
Anesthetic regimen impacts duration of post-ictal generalized electroencephalographic suppression following electroconvulsive therapy-induced seizures$$$ Introduction: Post-ictal generalized electroencephalographic suppression (PGES) is defined as the initial occurrence of low amplitude EEG activity less than 10 microvolts following termination of a generalized seizure. PGES duration has been implicated as a marker for increased risk of sudden unexplained death in epilepsy. This pattern of suppressed EEG activity is also observed following generalized seizures induced during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), where qualitative ratings of PGES are correlated with treatment efficacy. Using a novel, automated algorithm for PGES detection, we quantified the duration of suppressed EEG following ECT-induced seizures. We investigated the impact of anesthetic regimen on detected suppression. Methods: Fifteen patients with major depressive or bipolar affective disorder underwent right unilateral ECT with either high-dose ketamine (2-2.5 mg/kg) or low-dose etomidate (0.2 mg/kg) anesthesia in a randomized cross-over trial (NCT02761330). Recordings were obtained throughout the ictal and post-ictal period using modified 65-sensor EEG caps. The 5-minute period following seizure termination was assessed for the presence of PGES by an expert epileptologist and a novel automated voltage threshold-based classification algorithm. PGES was defined as EEG amplitude of less than 10 microvolts in the majority of channels. We assessed the temporal, spatial, and frequency characteristics of detected PGES and the relationship between PGES duration and anesthetic condition. Results: Across 50 post-ictal recordings, 35 contained PGES as detected by the automated classification algorithm. PGES most commonly began in the first 10 seconds following seizure termination. However, intermittent epochs of suppression were detected up to five minutes after seizure termination. The median total duration of PGES was 5.5 seconds (IQR: 0 to 27). Detected PGES qualitatively displayed a broadband decrease in spectral power compared to non- PGES periods. Spatial topography of PGES demonstrated generalized low amplitude without lateralization. The total duration of PGES was greater following high-dose ketamine (median: 21.5 seconds, IQR: 6.5 to 64) than low-dose etomidate (median: 1.5 seconds, IQR: 0 to 9) general anesthesia. Pairwise comparison of initial measurements demonstrated significant difference between regimens (Wilcoxon signed rank test, p = 0.032). Conclusion: Electroconvulsive therapy presents a controlled setting for investigating PGES following generalized seizures. PGES following ECT-induced seizures can be detected using a simple voltage-based algorithm. It can occur intermittently for minutes following seizure termination, particularly during recovery from ketamine anesthesia. The impact of anesthetic type and dose should be considered when interpreting PGES duration after ECT-induced seizures.
MyDiaText™: Texting the way to better diabetes care$$$ Background: Adolescence is associated with suboptimal diabetes control; mean HbA1C exceeds 9%. Text messaging(TM) is the most commonly used technology in adolescents with Type 1 Diabetes(T1D). Pilot studies have shown TM to be a useful tool in diabetes education. Financial incentives have been used successfully to promote healthy behaviors. MyDiaText™ is a website and TM platform supporting behavior change in adolescents with T1D. Objective: To show whether financial incentive for engagement in TM's is associated with significant improvement in Self-Care Inventory(SCI) score and HbA1C. Methods: Subjects were recruited from diabetes clinic. Enrollment criteria included: 12-18 years, >1 year from diagnosis and point-ofcare HbA1C > 8%. AADE7™ Self-Care Behavior goal and SCI score (14 questions scored 1-5) were obtained at baseline. Characteristics including concern for depression were extracted from the medical record. Intervention group received daily educational/motivational TM's, and responded via TM. One participant with most consecutive responses bi-weekly received a financial incentive. Engagement (% response to TM) was calculated by MyDiaText™. Chi-square, t-test and linear regression were used for analysis. Results: 162 subjects(51.9% male; 40.2% non-white) were randomized to control or intervention and followed for 3 months. Mean age was 15.6 years; duration of T1D 7.1 years; HbA1C 10%; and SCI score 47.5. There was more depression(provider-reported) in the intervention arm(p=0.01). In those who completed both SCI, there was a greater increase in SCI in the intervention arm(4.56 vs. -0.59, p=0.02). There was no difference in mean change in HbA1C between groups (-0.44 vs. -0.43, p=0.97). Mean engagement was 59% (SD 24.7%), and was negatively correlated with male gender (r= -0.17, p< 0.01). Conclusion: A combined TM and financial incentive intervention using MyDiaText™ showed increase in SCI score over 3 months. Further analyses will determine effects on diabetes outcomes.
Advancing noninvasive brain stimulation for depression with personalised treatment approaches$$$ Introduction: There is currently rapidly expanding interest in the use of novel brain stimulation treatments in psychiatry. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been at the forefront of this and is now a well-established new treatment modality for patients with depressive disorders. It has been evaluated across a large range of controlled studies. However, limited research has explored the basic parameters used in the design of rTMS treatment protocols especially in regards to variables determining the dose of treatment. There has also been a dearth of studies exploring methods of personalisation of therapeutic parameters as a way of enhancing therapeutic outcomes. Methods: We have conducted several studies designed to address these issues. First, we conducted a functional imaging study and a quantitative meta-analysis to explore the region within the dorsal prefrontal cortex most implicated in the aetiology of depression. In addition, we conducted a randomised controlled trial evaluating the relative efficacy of neuro-navigationally targeted rTMS. Finally, we will present data describing the use of near infrared spectroscopy to explore the optimisation of coil placement in prefrontal cortex. Results: Functional imaging studies in patients with depression do not provide a clear and well defined target for rTMS treatment. However, neuro-navigationally localising treatment based on dorsolateral prefrontal cortex structure does produce a greater antidepressant response than standard methods of rTMS application. Finally, NIRS methods appear to be able to be used to improve aspects of prefrontal coil placement. Conclusions: Improvements in the application of rTMS treatment are possible using a range of neuroscientific tools that can enhance coil placement and localisation. Improvements in rTMS application are likely to arise from individualisation of treatment site based on individual patient brain characteristics.
Abstracts from the International Neuromodulation Society's 14th World Congress$$$ The proceedings contain 460 papers. The topics discussed include: noninvasive deep brain stimulation via temporally interfering electric fields; individualized and novel approaches in brain stimulation for posttraumatic stress disorder; can oscillatory synchrony be used to guide rtms treatment?; preclinical studies of brain stimulation: can we learn from animal models?; targeting learning networks with transcranial magnetic stimulation; advancing noninvasive brain stimulation for depression with personalized treatment approaches; circuit therapeutics for the treatment of dementia: a randomized controlled trial of theta burst stimulation for mild to moderate Alzhheimer’s disease; neuromodulation is proven, cost-effective and reversible: the therapy’s history and development, and the use of spinal cord stimulation in medical practice; opioid crisis and neuromodulation; patient testimony on efficacy and quality of life changes after deep brain stimulation for Parkinson’s disease, deep brain stimulation for movement disorder: indication, effectiveness and cost efficacy, discussion and questions; non-surgical deep brain stimulation; closed-loop spinal cord stimulation: evoke study results; blinded randomized controlled trial on waveforms: the surf study; multifidis peripheral nerve stimulation randomized controlled trial; anatomical lead placement is a viable alternative to targeted lead placement for spinal cord stimulation: results from a prospective, randomized, single-blinded, multicenter, international, study; and systematic troubleshooting intrathecal delivery systems: emerging tools.
Motor cortex stimulation for pain and related conditions: Pro$$$ While there exists a large body of literature reporting the significant efficacy of MCS for chronic pain therapy, several investigators have more recently discussed their frustration with MCS as a long term successful therapy. Is MCS a panacea for neuropathic pain or is the effect merely placebo? Chronic stimulation of the precentral cortex for the treatment of pain was first reported by Tsubokawa in 1991. A number of reports have followed describing the use of MCS for intractable pain syndromes including post-stroke pain, phantom limb pain, spinal cord injury pain, postherpetic neuralgia, and neuropathic pain of the limbs or face. MCS has shown particular promise in the treatment of trigeminal neuropathic pain and central pain syndromes such as post-stroke thalamic pain syndrome, for which there are few other effective treatments. Based upon these reports, post-stroke pain responds well to MCS, with approximately twothirds of reported patients achieving adequate relief. Several studies have reported excellent results of using MCS for the treatment of trigeminal neuropathic pain, with 75% to 100% of patients achieving good to excellent pain relief. A review of the literature has corroborated these results, showing that 29 of 38 (76%) reported patients with neuropathic facial pain achieved ≥ 50% pain relief with MCS. Apparently negative results with MCS for pain have also appeared. These studies have largely reported overall positive results for pain relief but report blinded periods of no stimulation during which pain scores remain depressed from baseline. While this has been suggested to reflect a placebo effect of MCS, a more plausible explanation leading to a type II error is that either no or insufficient washout periods were used in these studies. More than once I have had the experience of a patient returning with complaints that their MCS has stopped providing pain relief. After taking a careful history and performing some calculations of expected battery life based upon stimulation parameters, it became clear that the battery should have expired several months before the return of pain. More notably, pain relief returned with replacement of the pulse generator. This raises the equally likely possibility that the MCS effect, when successful, can be quite long lasting and can thus confound clinical trials that do not take it into account. Other issues requiring discussion include the need for trialing, either with navigated rTMS or implanted leads, proper lead targeting, surgical technique and MCS programming. While MCS thus appears to hold great promise for patients with trigeminal neuropathic pain, post-stroke pain, and pain which has failed to respond to other less invasive forms of neurostimulation, MCS for intractable pain requires further rigorous, prospective study.
Effectiveness of twice-daily theta burst stimulation at prefrontal cortex on methamphetamine dependents$$$ Introduction: Craving for substance of abuse acts as one major cause for relapse. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation was employed to treat cue induced craving or drug intake in different types of drug dependents [1]. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is a new form of stimulation protocol that can be delivered in much shorter time period; however, the clinical effectiveness of intermittent or continuous theta burst stimulation (iTBS/cTBS) for drug craving has not been investigated. Materials/Methods: In this randomized, single-blinded, pilot study, we allocated 83 methamphetamine dependent subjects in abstinent period for three groups: iTBS or cTBS to the left dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), or cTBS to the right DLPFC for 10 times over 5 days. We measured cue induced craving score, sleeping quality, depression and anxiety score, impulsivity changes, and adverse effects as the outcomes. Results: The results showed that iTBS at left DLPFC and cTBS at right DLPFC reduces craving, but not the cTBS at left DLPFC group. All three groups showed alleviated depression; while iTBS-L and cTBS-L group showed improved sleep quality; only iTBS-L group showed reduced anxiety levels. No changes were found for impulsivity level for the three groups. Self-reported adverse effects were higher in iTBS at left DLPFC groups, when compared to the cTBS at right DLPFC group in the first two sessions. Discussion: To our knowledge, this is the first randomized trial to systemically compare the effects of different TBS procedures for methamphetamine craving. The present study provided strong evidence that twice daily iTBS-left or cTBS-right DLPFC treatment reduced craving for methamphetamine efficiently and were tolerable for at least 10 sessions, with simultaneously improved sleep quality and mood status. The result is consistent with the previously successes in high frequency rTMS at left DLPFC and low frequency rTMS at right DLPFC for craving modulation [1, 2]. Conclusions: We conclude that TBS can be employed to modulate craving and mood changes in methamphetamine dependents in abstinent period. Objectives New protocols with reduced session length would improve the potential cost-effectiveness and accessibility for rTMS in addiction management. It is still unknown if TBS protocol is effective for methamphetamine abuse patients. It is much of worth comparing the tolerability and self-reported adverse effects among the three different TBS procedures.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on a patient with major depressive disorder: Changes of serum neurotophins levels$$$ Introduction: While the antidepressant potential of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is widely recognized [1], the impact on neurotrophins related to major depressive disorder (MDD) has not been fully investigated in humans. [2]. We probed rTMS on refractory depression and serum levels of some neurotrophic factors. Materials/Methods: A 41-years old MDD patient underwent TMS-Motor Evoked Potentials (MEPs) from the right first dorsal interosseous muscle with a figure-of-eight coil, at baseline and after 2 weeks of high-frequency (10 Hz) rTMS at 120% of resting motor threshold over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Serum brain-derived growth factor (BDNF), vascular endothelial growth factor (VEGF), and Endothelin-1 were measured by Enzyme-Linked Immunosorbent Assay. Mouse monoclonal specific antibodies were used for detection, followed by horseradish peroxidaseconjugated goat anti-mouse IgG secondary antibody and using enhanced Western Lighting Chemiluminescence Reagent Plus. Changes in protein levels were then evaluated by imaging and densitometric analyses. The Ethics Committee of the “Azienda Ospedaliero-Universitaria Policlinico-Vittorio Emanuele”, Catania (Italy), approved the study (N. 9/2018/PO). Results: Clinical improvement of depression was observed. Compared to baseline, MEPs amplitude increased by 54%, central motor conduction time decreased by 32%, and cortical silent period shortened by 12%. BDNF and VEGF significantly reduced by 20% and 18%, respectively (Figures), while Endothelin-1 was unchanged. Discussion: A more excitable motor cortex and cortico-spinal tract was found, supporting the hypothesis of left-sided frontal hypoexcitability in MDD and the role of rTMS in balancing this asymmetry [1]. Several studies demonstrated an increase of VEGF in depressed patients [3], therefore its decrease after rTMS can predict treatment response, possibly due to changes in tissue secretion or blood-brain barrier permeability. Although drugs and electroconvulsive therapy can increase BDNF in depression, a recent meta-analysis showed that rTMS does not increase peripheral level [4]. Therefore, its suitability as an index of antidepressant response and neuroprotective factor requires further understanding [5,6]. Conclusions: Though obtained from a single patient, neurotrophins are involved in the pathophysiology of depression and antidepressant effect of rTMS. Future trials with homogenous populations, wider neurotrophins dosages, randomized controlled protocols, and follow-up assessments are needed. Objectives rTMS feasibly explores cortical circuit neuroplasticity and neurochemical pathways in mood disorders. This intervention led to modulation of VEGF and BDNF, although the involvement of Endothelin-1 cannot be excluded.
Effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression- And anxiety-like behaviors in epileptic rats$$$ Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been considered as a treatment option for depression and anxiety. However, its role in epilepsy comorbid with depression and anxiety is unclear. Therefore, we evaluated whether low-frequency rTMS can alleviate depression- and anxiety-like behavior in epileptic rats. Forty-eight adult rats were allocated at random to four groups: Control, Pentylenetetrazol (PTZ), PTZ-rTMS and PTZ-Sham. The control group received intraperitoneal injections of normal saline, while the other groups received intraperitoneal injections of pentylenetetrazol (35 mg/kg/d) once a day for 15 days. Low-frequency rTMS or sham stimulation were administered to the PTZ-rTMS and PTZ-Sham group, respectively, over the two-week period. The open-field test (OFT), elevated plus-maze test (EPM) and forced swimming test (FST) were carried out before the experiment, on the 8th and 15th day to assess depression- and anxiety-like behavior in the rats. Two weeks of low-frequency rTMS treatment could not impair the increases of seizure severity in epileptic rats. However, relative to the PTZ and PTZ-Sham group, the two-week low-frequency rTMS treatment significantly reduced the immobility time in the forced swimming test and attenuated the progressive decrease in total distance traveled, frequency of rearing, velocity in the open-field test, number of entries in the open arms (%) and the time spent in the open arms (%) in the elevated plus-maze test of the PTZ-rTMS group. We proposed that low-frequency rTMS can benefit epileptic rats via amelioration of comorbid depression and anxiety, but it can not alleviate the seizure severity.
Progress of transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a disabling disease with symptoms of repeated and persistent unwanted intrusive thoughts and compulsive behaviors. The current first-line treatment methods mainly include psychopharmacology, psychotherapy, and the combination of both, but nearly 40% patients still show no response to conventional treatment. Among the recently developed treatments, non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), are expected to alleviate the symptoms of various psychiatric disorders and improve cognitive function. tDCS has been applied to the treatment of depression, schizophrenia, generalized anxiety disorder and other mental diseases, and has achieved definite clinical effect. However, there are few studies about tDCS applying to the obsessive-compulsive disorder, especially in the number of randomized controlled trials. Most of the studies are open trials and case reports, and the results are inconsistent. By reviewing the effect of tDCS in treating obsessive-compulsive disorder patients in existing reports, the possibility of applying tDCS widely to treating obsessive-compulsive disorder in the future is analyzed.
rTMS Reduces Psychopathological Burden and Cocaine Consumption in Treatment-Seeking Subjects With Cocaine Use Disorder: An Open Label, Feasibility Study$$$ Introduction: Cocaine use disorder (CUD) currently represents a notable public health concern, linked with significant disability, high chances of chronicity, and lack of effective pharmacological or psychological treatments. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is supposed to be a potential therapeutic option for addictive disorders. Aim of this study was to evaluate the feasibility of rTMS on (1) cocaine craving and consumption and (2) other comorbid psychiatric symptoms. Methods: Twenty treatment seeking CUD subjects underwent 2 weeks of intensive rTMS treatment (15Hz; 5 days/week, twice a day for a total of 20 stimulation sessions) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, followed by 2 weeks of maintenance treatment (15Hz, 1 day/week, twice a day). Sixteen patients completed the study. Patients were evaluated at baseline (T0), after 2 weeks of treatment (T1), and at the end of the study (T2; 4 weeks), with the following scales: Cocaine Selective Severity Assessment (CSSA), Zung Self-Rating Anxiety Scale, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Symptom Checklist-90 (SCL-90), and the Insomnia Severity Index. Results: After four weeks of rTMS treatment, 9 out of 16 subjects (56.25%) had a negative urinalysis test, with a significant conversion rate with respect to baseline (Z = −3.00; p = 0.003). Craving scores significantly improved only at T2 (p = 0.020). The overall psychopathological burden, as measured by the SCL-90 Global Severity Index (GSI), significantly decreased during the study period (Z = −2.689; p = 0.007), with a relevant improvement with regards to depressive symptoms, anhedonia, and anxiety. Subjects exhibiting lower baseline scores on the SCL-90 were more likely to be in the positive outcome group at the end of the study (Z = −3.334; p = 0.001). Discussion: Findings from this study are consistent with previous contributions on rTMS use in subjects with cocaine use disorder. We evidenced a specific action on some psychopathological areas and a consequent indirect effect in terms of relapse prevention and craving reduction. A double-blind, sham-controlled, neuro-navigated rTMS study design is needed, in order to confirm the potential benefits of this technique, opening new scenarios in substance use disorders treatment.
Antidepressant effects of tDCS are associated with prefrontal gray matter volumes at baseline: Evidence from the ELECT-TDCS trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising intervention for major depression. However, its clinical effects are heterogeneous. We investigated, in a subsample of the randomized, clinical trial Escitalopram versus Electrical Direct Current Therapy for Depression Study (ELECT-TDCS), whether the volumes of left and right prefrontal cortex (PFC) and anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) were associated with prefrontal tDCS response. Methods: Baseline structural T1 weighted MRI data were analyzed from 52 patients (15 males). Patients were randomized to the following conditions: escitalopram 20 mg/day, bifrontal tDCS (2 mA, 30min, 22 sessions), or placebo. Antidepressant outcomes were assessed over a treatment period of 10 weeks. Voxel-based gray matter volumes of PFC and ACC were determined using state-of-the-art parcellation approaches. Results: According to our a priori hypothesis, in the left dorsal PFC, larger gray matter volumes were associated with depression improvement in the tDCS group (n = 15) compared to sham (n = 21) (Cohen's d = 0.3, 95% confidence interval [0.01; 0.6], p = 0.04). Neither right PFC nor ACC volumes were associated with depression improvement. Exploratory analyses of distinct PFC subregions were performed, but no area was associated with tDCS response after correction for multiple comparisons. Conclusion: Left PFC baseline gray matter volume was associated with tDCS antidepressant effects. This brain region and its subdivisions should be investigated further as a potential neurobiological predictor for prefrontal tDCS treatment in depression and might be correlated with tDCS antidepressant mechanisms of action.
Efficacy of rTMS in decreasing postnatal depression symptoms: A systematic review$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been suggested as an alternative treatment to postnatal depression (PPD). Objectives: This systematic review aims to examine and summarise evidence on rTMS efficacy in treating depression during the postnatal period. Methods: We included randomized and non-randomized, single arm, and case report studies, with active rTMS and theta-burst stimulation, sham rTMS, pharmacotherapy or no treatment as comparators. Participants included women with PPD, who were administered rTMS after delivery and up to 12 months postpartum. The observed outcomes were response rate and acceptability. Results: rTMS shows promising results, with clinically significant decreases in Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS) scores at week 4 and an overall low risk of dropout. Limitations: The reduced number of reports, the lack of complete datasets and the serious/high risk of bias of the studies warrant cautious interpretations. Conclusions and implications: Despite the promising results, existing evidence on rTMS efficacy is limited, and questions remain on what the most beneficial stimulation parameters should be. Future multicentre randomized clinical trials are needed to better ascertain the clinical efficacy of rTMS in the treatment of depression in the postpartum period.
Effectiveness of high-frequency left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression: A randomized clinical trial of 37.5-minute vs 18.75-minute protocol$$$ Aim: Clinical trials and meta-analyses have demonstrated the efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left prefrontal cortex in treatment-resistant depression. The aim of this study was to prospectively evaluate the effectiveness of the conventional 37.5-minute vs 18.75-minute rTMS protocol over the left prefrontal cortex in patients with treatment-resistant depressive episode. Methods: Thirty patients with treatment-resistant depression or bipolar disorder depressive episode were randomized 1:1 to either 37.5-minute or 18.75-minute rTMS protocol groups. rTMS treatment was applied at 120% resting motor threshold with 10 Hz over the left prefrontal cortex. Treatment sessions were delivered for a total of 3000 pulses/d, 5 days a week, for 4-6 weeks. Patients received a 75 trains with “4 sec on and 26 sec off” for 37.5 minutes or a 75 trains with “4 sec on and 11 sec off” for 18.75 minutes. Severity of depression was rated with the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS) and Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9). Remission was defined as a total score of 5 or less on the QIDS. The primary outcome measure was to compare the remission rate between the both groups. Results: Thirteen of 30 patients (43.3%) showed remission at week 6. There were no significant differences in the remission rate between the conventional 37.5- and 18.75-minute protocol groups (46.7% and 40.0%, respectively). No seizures or treatment-emergent mania/hypomania were occurred. Conclusion: These findings suggest that, compared with the conventional one, rTMS with 18.75-minute protocol might be equally effective and clinically beneficial in saving the treatment session length. Further well-designed studies are needed.
Effects of rTMS on cognition and functional connectivity in subacute stroke patients$$$ Objective: To determine the mechanisms on cognitive improvement with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex(L-DLPFC) in subacute stroke patients. Methods: Twenty-eight first-ever stroke patients with cognitive impairment were recruited. All subjects were randomly assigned to real or sham stimulation group and completed 10 sessions of rTMS for 2 weeks. 10 Hz of navigation rTMS were applied (5 s stimulation and 25 s resting, total 1500 pulses) on the L-DLPFC at 80% of resting motor threshold (rMT). At the time of baseline, 1 month and 3 months after stroke onset, all subjects received the Korean-mini mental state examination (K-MMSE), Korean-Montreal Cognitive Assessment (K-MOCA), Upper Fugl-Meyer Assessment (U-FMA), Korean-Modified Bathel Index (K-MBI), European Quality of life 5 Dimension (EQ-5D), Korean-Geriatric Depression Scale (K-GDS). In addition, the continuous performance test (CPT), vascular cognitive impairment harmonization standards (VCIHS), motor evoked potentials (MEP), event-related potentials (ERPs), resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging (RS fMRI) and diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) were completed at baseline and 3 months after stroke onset. Results: After the intervention period, the real stimulation group improved significantly in the K-MMSE, K-MOCA, K-MBI and K-GDS compared with sham stimulation group. And these effects lasted after three months in MOCA. There was no significant time × group effect among the U-FMA, EQ-5D, and CPT. Among the VCIHS parameters, Z-scores of executive and memory function showed higher delta value between baseline and 3months timepoints in rTMS group. The MEP showed higher TIME × GROUP interaction in the intracortical inhibition value on right hand. It suggests that there is beneficial effect on premotor cortical excitability of rTMS. The change of P300 amplitude on F3 and C3 was more increased in real stimulation group significantly only in the auditry Oddball paradigm. The RS fMRI analysis results showed more increased functional connectivity of Cingulate Gyrus, Supramarginal Gyrus, Cerebelum Crus2, Precentral gyrus, Middle temporal gyrus and Inferial temporal gyrus after stimulation compared with the sham group. Brain activation in the cingulum showed a tendency that after 3 months, fractional anisotropy (FA) and fiber number (FN) in real group were larger than sham group, however there was no significant effect. The relationship between the change of K-MOCA and fractional anisotropy of the cingulum was found positive correlation in all subjects. Conclusion: These results suggest that high frequency rTMS on the L-DLPFC improves cognitive function and functional network activity in subacute stroke. The rTMS seems to be a recommendable treatment in stroke patients with cognitive impairment.
Long-term transcranial DC stimulation facilitates cognitive functions recovery in alcohol use disorder$$$ Patient with alcohol use disorder (AUD) often faced to cognitive functions decline. Recent studies showed that non-invasive stimulations are promising therapeutic agent for depression, enhancing memory and cognitive functions. Also, a meta-analysis concluded that short-term non-invasive neurostimulation of prefrontal cortex was able to reduce craving. In our study, we aimed to assess long-term effects of dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on cognitive functions recovery in alcohol dependent patients. Study conducted on 17 alcohol dependent patients hospitalized for 3-week rehabilitation treatment. Patients were randomly assigned to experimental or sham-control groups. During three weeks, each subject received sham or active bilateral tDCS over DLPFC for 20 min 3 times a week. Alcohol craving level and cognitive functions assessed using Alcohol Urge Questionnaire (AUQ) and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA), respectively, at the beginning and the end of the study. Our results showed that long-term stimulation of prefrontal cortex significantly decreased alcohol craving compared to sham stimulation. Importantly, experimental group showed a significantly greater improvement of cognitive functions compared to sham group. Especially, greater change observed in attention and memory assessment sections of the MoCA. These finding suggests that long-term application of tDCS during rehabilitation treatment could facilitate cognitive abilities recovery along with reduction of alcohol craving in alcohol dependent patients.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of the medial prefrontal cortex for psychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ Objective: The medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) is a highly connected cortical region that acts as a hub in major large-scale brain networks. Its dysfunction is associated with a number of psychiatric disorders, such as schizophrenia, autism, depression, substance use disorder (SUD), obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), and anxiety disorders. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) studies targeting the mPFC indicate that it may be a useful therapeutic resource in psychiatry due to its selective modulation of this area and connected regions. Methods: This review examines six mPFC rTMS trials selected from 697 initial search results. We discuss the main results, technical and methodological details, safety, tolerability, and localization strategies. Results: Six different protocols were identified, including inhibitory (1 Hz) and excitatory (5, 10, and 20 Hz) frequencies applied therapeutically to patient populations diagnosed with major depressive disorder, OCD, autistic spectrum disorder, SUD, specific phobia, and post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD). In the OCD and acrophobia trials, rTMS significantly reduced symptoms compared to placebo. Conclusion: These protocols were considered safe and add interesting new evidence to the growing body of mPFC rTMS literature. However, the small number and low methodological quality of the studies indicate the need for further research.
Implementation of intermittent theta burst stimulation compared to conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment resistant depression: A cost analysis$$$ Background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an evidence-based treatment for depression that is increasingly implemented in healthcare systems across the world. A new form of rTMS called intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) can be delivered in 3 min and has demonstrated comparable effectiveness to the conventional 37.5 min 10Hz rTMS protocol in patients with depression. Objectives To compare the direct treatment costs per course and per remission for iTBS compared to 10Hz rTMS treatment in depression. Methods We conducted a cost analysis from a healthcare system perspective using patient-level data from a large randomized non-inferiority trial (THREE-D). Depressed adults 18 to 65 received either 10Hz rTMS or iTBS treatment. Treatment costs were calculated using direct healthcare costs associated with equipment, coils, physician assessments and technician time over the course of treatment. Cost per remission was estimated using the proportion of patients achieving remission following treatment. Deterministic sensitivity analyses and non-parametric bootstrapping was used to estimate uncertainty. Results From a healthcare system perspective, the average cost per patient was USD$1,108 (SD 166) for a course of iTBS and $1,844 (SD 304) for 10Hz rTMS, with an incremental net savings of $735 (95% CI 688 to 783). The average cost per remission was $3,695 (SD 552) for iTBS and $6,146 (SD 1,015) for 10Hz rTMS, with an average incremental net savings of $2,451 (95% CI 2,293 to 2,610). Conclusions The shorter session durations and treatment capacity increase associated with 3 min iTBS translate into significant cost-savings per patient and per remission when compared to 10Hz rTMS.
Effect of multi-session trans-cranial direct current stimulation of dorsolateral prefrontal area on depression and drowsines in patients with multiple sclerosis$$$ Introduction: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is one of the most common diseases of the central nervous system with high prevalence in the world and Iran. The common complications of disease are depression and drowsiness. Due to structural and functional brain changes following depression and drowsiness in patients with MS, brain electrical stimulation may be considered as an effective intervention in therapy. Materials and Methods: In this double blind clinical trial, 30 patients with MS were randomly divided into experimental and sham a-tDCS groups according to the inclusion and exclusion criteria. Correspondingly, the anode electrode was placed on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and cathode on the opposite supra orbital. In the experimental group, 20-minute DLPFC a-tDCS with intensity of 1.5 mA was performed during 10 sessions for 20 days with a one-day rest interval between sessions. However, in the sham a-tDCS group, although the electrodes were placed in the same positions as it used for the experimental group, the stimulation was slowly turned off after 30 seconds. Results: The results in the experimental group showed that the depression after intervention was significantly decreased as compared to before intervention (P<0.05), but there was no significant differences in the rate of drowsiness before and after the intervention (P>0.05), although the trend of drowsiness was toward reduction. Also, drowsiness and depression level were significantly improved after the intervention in experimental as compared to control group. Conclusion: Multi-session a-tDCS over the left DLPFC have a significant effects on the improvement of depression and rate of drowsiness in patients with MS.
Is transcranial magnetic stimulation appropriate for treating adolescents with depression?$$$ Children who are inadequately treated for depression often experience greater dysfunction. Problems can include conduct disorders, substance abuse, physical illness, and poor performance at school, work, or in psychosocial contexts. Depression can lead to a greater risk of suicide. Suicide is the third most common cause of death among adolescents, with more than 500,000 attempts made by children each year. Suicide is the third most frequent cause of death among young people ages 10 to 19 years old. Thus, proper treatment is important. Major depressive disorder in adolescents is often followed by frequent recurrences in adulthood. Imaging studies document underactivity in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in subjects suffering from depression. Activation of the brain with high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation increases neuronal excitability and induces the growth of new connections. Though larger, randomized, controlled trials with more patients and longer follow-up are needed, the favorable side effect profile and efficacy of TMS seen so far in the literature support the use of TMS as a therapeutic intervention in children and adolescents with depression.
Effects on cognition of 20-day anodal transcranial direct current stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients affected by mild cognitive impairment: a case-control study$$$ Background: Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) is a common disorder affecting as much as 15% of the elderly population. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive technique of neuromodulation that has proven to influence performance in different cognitive domains. Objective/hypothesis: We investigated the effects on cognition of 20-day anodal tDCS in 17 MCI patients compared with 17 matched MCI patients. Methods: Patients underwent neuropsychological evaluation at baseline and then were randomly assigned to the anodal or sham group. The tDCS protocol consisted in 20 min, 5 days per week (up to a total of 20 days), of 2-mA anodal stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The location of anodal electrode was chosen in accordance with previous reports which relate anodal stimulation of this site with cognitive enhancement. At the end of the last day of stimulation, a second neuropsychological evaluation was performed. We compared baseline and post-stimulation neuropsychological results in the anodal vs sham group using repeated measures ANOVA as a statistical analysis test. Results: At follow-up, patients exposed to anodal stimulation showed improvement in episodic verbal memory (p < 0.001) and figure naming test (p < 0.01), in a general index of cognitive function (Brief Mental Deterioration Battery) (p < 0.0001) and in a mood measurement test (Beck Depression Inventory) (p < 0.01). Conclusion: Anodal tDCS could be a useful tool to improve cognitive symptoms in MCI although more evidence is needed to understand the exact underlying mechanisms. Confirmation of its potential benefits in MCI would be significant.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Opium Craving, Depression, and Anxiety: A Preliminary Study$$$ Objectives Transcranial direct current stimulation can be effective in reducing the craving for food, alcohol, and methamphetamine. Because its effects have not been tested on patients with opium use disorder, we investigated its efficacy when it is combined with a standard methadone maintenance therapy protocol. Methods We carried out a pretest-posttest control group method to evaluate the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation at the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (right anodal/left cathodal) on opium craving, depression, and anxiety symptoms. We considered opium craving as a primary outcome as well as depression and anxiety symptoms as secondary outcomes. Sixty participants with opium use disorder were randomly assigned into 3 groups (n = 20 for each group): (1) an active transcranial direct current stimulation with methadone maintenance treatment (active tDCS group), (2) sham transcranial direct current stimulation with methadone maintenance treatment (sham tDCS group), and (3) only methadone maintenance treatment (methadone maintenance treatment group). All participants completed the Desire for Drug Questionnaire, Obsessive-Compulsive Drug Use Scale, Beck Depression Inventory II, and Beck Anxiety Inventory a week before and a week after the treatment. The outcomes were assessed by independent assessors who were blind to the treatment conditions. Results The active tDCS group had a significant reduction in opium craving, depression, and anxiety symptoms compared with the other 2 groups. Conclusions Our results provide a preliminary support for using the transcranial direct current stimulation along with methadone maintenance therapy in the treatment of patients with opium use disorder.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Reduces Craving in Substance Use Disorders: A Double-blind, Placebo-Controlled Study$$$ Objectives The use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in addiction disorders is still on its rise in comparison with pharmacological and psychotherapeutic strategies that still show low level of evidence. In this study, we aimed to evaluate the efficacy of the anodic tDCS for the short-term treatment of substance craving and other psychiatric symptoms. Methods In this randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial, inclusion criteria included the diagnosis of substance use disorder and/or gambling disorder. The protocol includes 5 consecutive days of active or sham tDCS session. Cathode was placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, Young Mania Rating Scale, Barratt Impulsiveness Scale, South Oaks Gambling Screen, and visual analog scale (VAS) 1 to 10 for craving were administered at the baseline (T0) and after 5 days of treatment (T1). Results Thirty-four treatment-seeking subjects were randomized to sham (n = 16) and active stimulation (n = 18) groups. A statistically significant reduction of values at T1 was found in all subjects considering VAS (P < 0.001), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (P < 0.001), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (P < 0.001), and Barratt Impulsiveness Scale 11 (P = 0.032). A significant reduction for VAS craving in favor of the active stimulation (P = 0.011) was found. Conclusions Our findings reveal a statistically significant rapid reduction of craving in the active tDCS group on the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with respect to sham group, confirming the scientific literature trend. Large samples, with maintenance tDCS therapy and long-term follow-up, are required to establish the potential of this noninvasive and easily delivered brain stimulation strategy.
Electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of acute agitation and aggression in Alzheimer's dementia (ECT-AD)$$$ Introduction: Randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the safety and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for the treatment of severe psychiatric disorders of late life, including depression, mania and psychosis. Recently, small open label studies suggest efficacy and safety of ECT for agitation in individuals with AD who are refractory to standard therapies. The present randomized controlled trial builds upon prior work and aims to determine the efficacy and safety of ECT for severe agitation in moderate to severe stage AD, while also examining the durability of the acute treatment effect in an exploratory maintenance naturalistic design. Methods:We describe an NIA-funded multi-site, single blind, randomized trial of ECT plus usual care (UC) versus Simulated-ECT (S-ECT) plus UC. We will enroll 200 inpatients with severe agitation and moderate to severe dementia, who have not responded well to prior trials of psychotropic medications. Our primary efficacy outcome measure is the Cohen Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), and the Neuropsychiatric Inventory - Clinician Version (NPI-C), Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study-Clinical Global Impression of Change Scale (ADCS-CGIC), and Pittsburgh Agitation Scale (PAS) will be secondary measures. Safety and tolerability will be assessed with the Severe Impairment Battery - 8 item(SIB-8), the Confusion Assessment Method (CAM), and adverse event monitoring. Projected Results: Preliminary open-label data from our team suggests acute ECT treatment is safe and effective in reducing agitation in this population as measured by the CMAI, PAS, CGI, and adverse event monitoring. A multi-site, prospective case series investigated ECT treatment in 23 consecutive inpatients with dementia and severe agitation who did not benefit from standard behavioral interventions and pharmacotherapy. Eighteen of the 23 subjects experienced a significant reduction in agitation from baseline to discharge on the CMAI. In a retrospective chart review study of 16 patients undergoing ECT for agitation related to AD, only two experienced more than transient confusion post-ECT that required treatment, and no other clinically significant adverse events were noted in this group. We hypothesize ECT+UC will be more efficacious in reducing severe agitation in AD subjects than S-ECT+UC, as measured by our primary and secondary efficacy measures, and that there will be no difference in tolerability/safety outcomes for ECT+UC and S-ECT+UC asmeasured by cognitive decline (SIB-8), development of delirium (CAM), and serious adverse event monitoring.
Efficacy of bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placements when using electroconvulsive therapy to treat Chinese patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: Very few studies have directly compared the efficacy and cognitive side effects of the three placements. To compare the efficacy and cognitive effect in bifrontal, bitemporal and unilateral electrode placements. Background: ECT has been shown to be the most effective and rapid treatment for severe depression. Bifrontal, bitemporal and unilateral are the three most used electrode placements. Method: This multicentre randomised, blinded, controlled trial included 40 patients in each of 3 groups. Most of the patients (94.8%) completed 6 ECT treatments. Mixed model analyses to compare differences in HAMD and CGI scores among 3 groups and 5 times series (baseline, week 1, week 2, week 3, and week 4). The cognitive outcome was MMSE score. Results: HAMD scores and CGI scores did not differ significantly across the groups (HAMD scores: z=-1.13, P=0.259; and CGI scores: z=-0.35, P=0.729, respectively). MMSE scores at pre and post-ECT were similar across the 3 groups (F=2.06, P=0.133). However, subgroup analysis using paired t-tests showed MMSE scores did not change in the bitemporal group (t=1.188, P = 0.2461) but improved in the other two groups (right unilateral group: t =2.745, P = 0.0098; bifrontal group: t=2.464, P = 0.0204). Conclusions: Efficacy of right unilateral and bifrontal ECT placement were similar to bitemporal ECT. The physical side effects were also similar across the three groups. Right Unilateral and bifrontal ECT placement were associated with improved cognitive outcomes, but bitemporal electrode placement ECT was not.
Electroconvulsive treatment for geriatric depression: A systematic review of randomized clinical trials$$$ Objective: We explored the clinical effectiveness and safety of electroconvulsive therapy in elderly patients with depression. Background: The effectiveness and safety of ECT in geriatric depression was still controversial in clinical practice. Methods: Searches were made in PubMed, EMBase, and Web of knowledge, PsycINFO, Cochrane Library, CNKI, Wanfang, VIP and CBMDisc databases. Standard search strategies were performed by two reviewers according to the Cochrane Review Group. CONSORT statement (Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials) were used to assess the methodological quality of the studies. Rev Man and STATA were used to do Meta analysis. Results: Ten studies were included in this systematic review. Meta analyzed in change of Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD, n = 5) or Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS, n = 3) which was used to access depressed symptom. Sample size was 306 and 290 before and after treatment, respectively. The depressive symptoms were statistically significant changed between before and after ECT treatment (Z scored was 6.39 and 15.47; SMD was 3.64 and 2.12, respectively, both P < 0.00001). The MMSE was not changed before and after the treatment (Z = 1.47, P = 1.47). The incidence of adverse events of headache, confusion, drowsiness, nausea and vomiting was more than 5%. Conclusion: These results suggest that depressed symptoms significantly improved in geriatric depression after electroconvulsive therapy. The overall cognitive impairment was not obvious, but headaches and disturbance of consciousness were common.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) for depression in pregnancy: A pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Depression in pregnancy negatively affects maternal-child health. When untreated or undertreated, it is the strongest risk factor for postpartum depression, a condition linked to chronic maternal depression and adverse child developmental outcomes. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a localized non-invasive brain stimulation treatment that represents an alternative to medication treatment, has not been evaluated for depression in pregnancy. Objective: To conduct a pilot randomized controlled trial (RCT) for depression in pregnancy. Methods: In Ontario, Canada, we enrolled adult pregnant women with major depression,14-32weeks gestation, who had declined antidepressant medication. Participants were randomly assigned 1:1 to tDCS or sham-control. Active tDCS comprised 30-minute sessions of 2 mAmp direct current delivered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, 5 days per week, for 3 weeks. Sham was administered similarly, but with current turned off after 30 seconds. Main outcomes were feasibility, acceptability, and protocol adherence. Maternal Montgomery Asperg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) was measured post-treatment and at 4 and 12 weeks postpartum. Results: Twenty women were randomized; 16 completed treatment and provided final endpoint data for a total of 124 tDCS and 122 sham sessions. Views of treatment were positive with no serious adverse events. Post-treatment mean MADRS scores were 11.8 for tDCS and 15.4 for sham. At 4 weeks postpartum, the remission rate was 75.0% for tDCS versus 12.5% for sham. Conclusions: Results support proceeding to a definitive RCT to evaluate tDCS for antenatal depression, and are encouraging with respect to the potential use of tDCS in this under-treated population.
Influence of different facial expressions on face and hand primary motor cortices$$$ In humans the ability to rapidly recognize and react to the view of facial expressions is crucial for social communication. This work investigated the effects of emotional stimuli, represented by different facial expressions, on the face primary motor area (M1) using TMS protocols in healthy subjects. Moreover, a comparison with data obtained from the hand M1 was performed. Thirty healthy subjects were randomly assigned to two groups undergoing TMS of face M1 or of hand M1. In both groups, short-latency intracortical inhibition (SICI) and intracortical facilitation (ICF) were tested in depressor anguli oris (DAO) and first dorsal interroseus (FDI) muscles after 300 ms from the presentation of images reporting happy, sad, and neutral faces. Statistical analysis was performed through within- and between-subjects ANOVA. Statistical analysis of SICI effects comparing muscles, showed a non-significant effect of MUSCLE GROUP (F1,28= 1.903, p= 0.179) but a significant effect of visual stimuli presented before TMS-protocols (F2,56=6.860, p=0.004) and interaction among the factors (F2,56=5.072, p=0.015). A significant reduction of SICInwas detected after presentation of sad and happy expressions compared with the neutral one (sad p=0.009; happy p=0.001). A clear difference was detected between FDI and DAO muscles only for happy expression (FDI vs DAO p= 0.026) with the DAO showing a larger reduction of SICI than FDI. No clear differences were detected in ICF protocol. Results showed that emotional stimuli influence significantly M1 with a stronger effect of pleasant stimulus (happy faces) on facial than hand muscles. Data suggest the different responses of face and hand M1s to different emotional stimuli may be due to the different functional role of these muscles.
Daily high-frequency transcranial random noise stimulation of bilateral temporal cortex in chronic tinnitus - a pilot study$$$ Several studies emphasized the potential of single and multiple transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) sessions to interfere with auditory cortical activity and to reduce tinnitus loudness. It was the objective of the present study to evaluate the use of high-frequency (hf) tRNS in a one-arm pilot study in patients with chronic tinnitus. Therefore, 30 patients received 10 sessions of high frequency tRNS (100-640 Hz; 2 mA; 20 minutes) over the bilateral temporal cortex. All patients had received rTMS treatment for their tinnitus at least 3 months before tRNS. Primary outcome was treatment response (tinnitus questionnaire reduction of ≥5 points). The trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov (NCT01965028). Eight patients (27%) responded to tRNS. Exactly the same number of patients had responded before to rTMS, but there were only two "double responders" for both treatments. None of the secondary outcomes (tinnitus numeric rating scales, depressivity, and quality of life) was significant when results were corrected for multiple comparisons. tRNS treatment was accompanied by tolerable side effects but resulted in temporal increases in tinnitus loudness in 20% of the cases (2 drop-outs). Our trial showed that hf-tRNS is feasible for daily treatment in chronic tinnitus. However, summarizing low treatment response, increase of tinnitus loudness in 20% of patients and missing of any significant secondary outcome, the use of hf-tRNS as a general treatment for chronic tinnitus cannot be recommended at this stage. Differences in treatment responders between tRNS and rTMS highlight the need for individualized treatment procedures.
Prefrontal TDCS attenuates medial prefrontal connectivity upon being criticized in individuals scoring high on perceived criticism$$$ The mechanisms by which transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) influences emotional processing - and whether this is related to individual vulnerability for psychopathology - are still poorly understood. The present study aimed to investigate if one prefrontal tDCS session modulates mood and neural functional connectivity after being exposed to negative information differently in individuals low or high in perceived criticism (PC), which has been related to vulnerability for psychiatric illness. In a randomized cross-over design, one session of MRI-compatible prefrontal tDCS (neuronavigated placement of the anodal electrode at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the cathodal electrode at the right supraorbital region; vs. sham) was administered to healthy females, prior to listening to self-referential criticism. PC-dependent (low vs. high PC) changes in mood and resting-state functional connectivity patterns following tDCS and after hearing criticism were explored. After being criticized all females (low and high PC) felt angrier and more depressed, both in the active tDCS or sham tDCS condition. However, in contrast to low PC females, in high PC females prefrontal tDCS reduced connectivity between the left dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and the right dorsomedial prefrontal cortex following criticism. Despite having no differential effects on self-reported mood, prefrontal tDCS reduces medial prefrontal neural connectivity after being criticized in high PC females compared to low PC females. Depending on individual vulnerability for psychopathology, a single tDCS session differentially affects neural processing of negative emotional information, especially in brain regions involved in monitoring, experiencing and appraising/evaluating emotional material.
Application of functional near-infrared spectroscopy to explore the neural mechanism of transcranial direct current stimulation for post-stroke depression$$$ Objectives: We investigated the neural mechanism of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of post-stroke depression (PSD) using functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS). Methods: Twenty-six patients with PSD were randomly divided into an experimental group receiving tDCS and a control group receiving sham stimulation. The anode and cathode were placed on the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (PFC). Patients underwent fNIRS before and after treatment, combined with an emotional face sex judgment task and a ‘1-back’ working memory task to assess reaction times and relative concentration changes of oxyhemoglobin (Oxy-Hb) in the PFC. Results: Reaction times for faces showing positive emotions decreased after treatment in the experimental group (P < 0.05). For faces showing negative emotions, relative Oxy-Hb concentration changes in the PFC were higher after treatment (P < 0.05), but there was no significant difference between the experimental and the control group. Reaction times during the working memory task in the experimental group were shorter after treatment (P < 0.05), and there was a significant difference between the groups (P < 0.05). Relative Oxy-Hb concentration changes in the left PFC were significantly higher after treatment in the experimental group (P < 0.05), and concentration changes in the right PFC after treatment were significantly higher in the experimental than in the control group (P < 0.05). Discussion: tDCS may improve the processing of negative emotions and working memory in patients with PSD by enhancing aerobic metabolism in the PFC, thereby improving depressive symptoms.
A systematic review of the safety and effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of peripartum depression$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is an efficacious treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), however there is limited safety and efficacy data in the peripartum period. The purpose of this review is to systematically examine the safety, acceptability and effectiveness of rTMS administered during the peripartum period as an intervention for MDD. Methods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE and PsychINFO from 2008 to January 2019 to identify peer reviewed publications evaluating rTMS during the peripartum period as an intervention for peripartum MDD. We systematically extracted reported adverse events, side effects, rates of discontinuation, as well as clinical response and remission. Results: Data was synthesized from 1 randomized control trial, 3 uncontrolled trials, 3 case series and 5 case studies, representing a total of 87 patients. No serious adverse events were reported. Side effects occurred at rates comparable to those observed in the non-peripartum population, and obstetric and neonatal complications are infrequent and do not separate from sham-rTMS. Randomized controlled data suggests antidepressant efficacy with an effect size of 0.87. Uncontrolled studies report rates of clinical response between 41.4% and 71.4%, and rates of clinical remission between 20.7 and 30.0%. The treatment appears acceptable, with few patients opting to discontinue treatment. Limitations: Due to the paucity of research in this population, majority of data comes from sources with inherently higher risk of bias. Conclusions: rTMS in the peripartum period appears to be efficacious, acceptable and well tolerated. Additional research is required, however rTMS's risk benefit profile may be attractive to women in the peripartum period.
The influence of ongoing μ-oscillation phase on the induction of LTD-like plasticity with 1 Hz rTMS$$$ .: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a widely used noninvasive method to stimulate the human brain with increasing research and therapeutic applications. Specifically, low-frequency rTMS of the primary motor cortex at near 1 Hz is used to induce long-term depression (LTD)-like effects on corticospinal excitability (Chen et al., 1997). Previous work in our lab has shown that the induction of LTP-like plasticity using high frequency 100 Hz rTMS bursts depends on the phase of ongoing sensorimotor mu-rhythm 10 Hz oscillations at the time of stimulation (Zrenner et al., 2017). We hypothesized that the LTD-like plasticity induced by 1 Hz rTMS may similarly depend on the phase of the ongoing [Formula presented] -oscillation. We address this question using a real-time EEG-triggered TMS set-up whereby the [Formula presented] -oscillation is extracted using a Laplacian montage centered on EEG sensor C3. Motor evoked potentials (MEPs) were recorded from right hand muscles before and after a phase-triggered 15-min 1 Hz rTMS intervention in a double-blind randomized cross-over design: Each subject underwent three phase conditions in the 1 Hz intervention: (1) random phase stimulation, (2) stimulation triggered by the EEG positive peak and (3) stimulation triggered by the negative peak of the ongoing [Formula presented] -oscillation. This study has substantial implications for understanding the neurophysiology underlying plasticity induction and for the development of personalized EEG-triggered stimulation protocols which may enable a more effective therapeutic use of TMS in neuropsychiatric conditions such as stroke.
Acupuncture for depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Depression is commonly treated with anti-depressant medication and/or psychological interventions. Patients with depression are common users of complementary therapies, such as acupuncture, either as a replacement for, or adjunct to, their conventional treatments. This systematic review and meta-analysis examined the effectiveness of acupuncture in major depressive disorder. Methods: A search of English (Medline, PsychINFO, Google Scholar, and CINAL), Chinese (China National Knowledge Infrastructure Database (CNKI) and Wanfang Database), and Korean databases was undertaken from 1980 to November 2018 for clinical trials using manual, electro, or laser acupuncture. Results: Twenty-nine studies including 2268 participants were eligible and included in the meta-analysis. Twenty-two trials were undertaken in China and seven outside of China. Acupuncture showed clinically significant reductions in the severity of depression compared to usual care (Hedges (g) = 0.41, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.18 to 0.63), sham acupuncture (g = 0.55, 95% CI 0.31 to 0.79), and as an adjunct to anti-depressant medication (g = 0.84, 95% CI 0.61 to 1.07). A significant correlation between an increase in the number of acupuncture treatments delivered and reduction in the severity of depression (p = 0.015) was found. Limitations: The majority of the included trials were at a high risk of bias for performance blinding. The applicability of findings in Chinese populations to other populations is unclear, due to the use of a higher treatment frequency and number of treatments in China. The majority of trials did not report any post-trial follow-up and safety reporting was poor. Conclusions: Acupuncture may be a suitable adjunct to usual care and standard anti-depressant medication.
Neural predictors of treatment response to brain stimulation and psychological therapy in depression: a double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Standard depression treatments, including antidepressant medication and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), are ineffective for many patients. Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as an alternative treatment, but has shown inconsistent efficacy for depression, and its mechanisms are poorly understood. We recruited unmedicated patients with major depressive disorder (N = 71 approached; N = 39 randomised) for a mechanistic, double-blind, randomized controlled trial consisting of eight weekly sessions of prefrontal tDCS administered to the left prefrontal cortex prior to CBT. We probed (1) whether tDCS improved the efficacy of CBT relative to sham stimulation; and (2) whether neural measures predicted clinical response. We found a modest and non-significant effect of tDCS on clinical outcome over and above CBT (active: 50%; sham: 31.6%; odds ratio: 2.16, 95% CI = 0.59–7.99), but a strong relationship, predicted a priori, between baseline activation during a working memory task in the stimulated prefrontal region and symptom improvement. Repeating our analyses of symptom outcome splitting the sample according to this biomarker revealed that tDCS was significantly superior to sham in individuals with high left prefrontal cortex activation at baseline; we also show 86% accuracy in predicting clinical response using this measure. Exploratory analyses revealed several other regions where activation at baseline was associated with subsequent response to CBT, irrespective of tDCS. This mechanistic trial revealed variable, but predictable, clinical effects of prefrontal tDCS combined with CBT for depression. We have discovered a potential explanation for this variability: individual differences in baseline activation of the region stimulated. Such a biomarker could potentially be used to pre-select patients for trials and, eventually, in the clinic.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for functional tremor: A randomized, double-blind, controlled study$$$ Objectives: The objective of this study was to compare the effect on functional tremor of active versus sham repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and investigate whether the addition of hypnosis might help to prolong any repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation–induced therapeutic effect. Methods: We compared the effect of 5 consecutive daily sessions of active/sham repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on functional tremor, at 1 and 2 months, in a randomized, double-blind, 2-arm, parallel-controlled study. In a second open-label phase, all patients underwent 3 weekly sessions of hypnosis combined with single sessions of real repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. The primary outcome was a change in the Psychogenic Movement Disorder Rating Scale at month 1 when compared with baseline. Secondary outcomes were changes in the Psychogenic Movement Disorder Rating Scale and Tremor subscores, the 36-item Short Form Health Survey, the Self-Report Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, and the Clinical Global Impression Scale assessed at months 1, 2, 6, and 12. Results: A total of 33 outpatients affected by functional tremor were screened, and 18 outpatients fulfilling the inclusion criteria (8 men, 10 women) were randomized. One month after the intervention, the mean Psychogenic Movement Disorder Rating Scale score had decreased in both groups, but the differences from baseline were only significant in the active repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation group (P <.001). This remained significant at month 2 (P <.001). The significant decrease of the Psychogenic Movement Disorder Rating Scale and Tremor subscores were maintained at months 6 and 12 for the active repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation group. For the control group, the Psychogenic Movement Disorder Rating Scale score had returned almost to its baseline value by month 2 and remained unchanged at months 6 and 12. Conclusion: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation could represent a valuable therapeutic option in the management of functional tremor. © 2019 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society.
Frontal haemodynamic responses in depression and the effect of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Reduced frontal cortex metabolism and blood flow in depression may be associated with low mood and cognitive impairment. Further reduction has been reported during a course of electroconvulsive therapy but it is not known if this relates to mood and cognitive changes caused by electroconvulsive therapy. Aims: The purpose of this study was to investigate frontal function while undertaking cognitive tasks in depressed patients compared with healthy controls, and following electroconvulsive therapy in patients. Methods: We measured frontal haemodynamic responses to a category verbal fluency task and a working memory N-back task using portable functional near infra-red spectroscopy (fNIRS) in 51 healthy controls and 18 severely depressed patients, 12 of whom were retested after the fourth treatment of a course of electroconvulsive therapy. Mood was assessed using the Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale and cognitive function using category Verbal Fluency from the Controlled Oral Word Association Test and Digit Span backwards. Results: Compared to healthy controls, depressed patients had bilaterally lower frontal oxyhaemoglobin responses to the cognitive tasks, although this was only significant for the N-Back task where performance correlated inversely with depression severity in patients. After four electroconvulsive therapy treatments oxyhaemoglobin responses were further reduced during the Verbal Fluency task but the changes did not correlate with mood or cognitive changes. Discussion: Our results confirmed a now extensive literature showing impaired frontal fNIRS oxyhaemoglobin responses to cognitive tasks in depression, and showed for the first time that these are further reduced during a course of electroconvulsive therapy. Further research is needed to investigate the biology and clinical utility of frontal fNIRS in psychiatric patients.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in non-treatment-resistant depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been investigated as treatment for major depressive episodes since the early 1990s. Using data from a recent meta-analysis, we show that most patients included in randomised trials display relatively high degrees of treatment resistance. This might have unfavourably biased the clinical reputation of rTMS. Declaration of interests M.K. has received a lecture fee from Innomed Medizintechnik in 2017 and 2018.
Peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor gamma co-activator-1 alpha in depression and the response to electroconvulsive therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: The transcriptional coactivator peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor-γ coactivator (PGC-1α), termed the 'master regulator of mitochondrial biogenesis', has been implicated in stress and resilience to stress-induced depressive-like behaviours in animal models. However, there has been no study conducted to date to examine PGC-1α levels in patients with depression or in response to antidepressant treatment. Our aim was to assess PGC-1α mRNA levels in blood from healthy controls and patients with depression pre-/post-electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and to examine the relationship between blood PGC-1α mRNA levels and clinical symptoms and outcomes with ECT. METHODS: Whole blood PGC-1α mRNA levels were analysed in samples from 67 patients with a major depressive episode and 70 healthy controls, and in patient samples following a course of ECT using quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Exploratory subgroup correlational analyses were carried out to determine the relationship between PGC-1α and mood scores. RESULTS: PGC-1α levels were lower in patients with depression compared with healthy controls (p = 0.03). This lower level was predominantly accounted for by patients with psychotic unipolar depression (p = 0.004). ECT did not alter PGC-1α levels in the depressed group as a whole, though exploratory analyses revealed a significant increase in PGC-1α in patients with psychotic unipolar depression post-ECT (p = 0.045). We found no relationship between PGC-1α mRNA levels and depression severity or the clinical response to ECT. CONCLUSIONS: PGC-1α may represent a novel therapeutic target for the treatment of depression, and be a common link between various pathophysiological processes implicated in depression.
Electroconvulsive therapy for severe agitation and aggression in Alzheimer's dementia$$$ Alzheimer's Dementia is the most prevalent neurodegenerative disease of aging, affecting 5.8 million individuals in the US, and predicted to increase to 14 million by 2050. Agitation, depression, and apathy are common (90%), contribute to caregiver burden and increase morbidity and mortality. Limitations of therapies for severe agitation in AD include lack of FDA-approved therapeutic options, delayed onset of action of behavioral therapies and modest efficacy and tolerability concerns (heightened mortality and stroke risk) of antipsychotic medications. New treatments for severe agitation in AD refractory to standard interventions are timely and warranted. Prior studies have demonstrated safety and efficacy of ECT for treatment of severe psychiatric disorders in older adults, including depression, mania, and psychosis. A retrospective systematic chart review of 16 inpatients (15 female) with a diagnosis of dementia were treated with ECT for agitation and aggression with evidence for significant improvement in symptoms of agitation as measured by the Pittsburgh Agitation Scale (p<0.001)(1). A follow-up, prospective case series of 23 inpatients with dementia treated with ECT for severe agitation, demonstrated a significant reduction in agitation from baseline to discharge on the Cohen Mansfield Agitation Inventory and the Neuropsychiatric Inventory (p<0.0001, for both) (2). In a case series, 9 of 11 subjects with dementia achieved remission of agitation after ECT. Six of these subjects remained agitation-free with continued ECT treatment for the following year. This presentation summarizes current evidence to support the safety and efficacy of ECT for severe agitation and aggression in AD (1, 2, 3) and then describe a NIA-funded, multi-center, randomized controlled trial of ECT for severe agitation and aggression in probable Alzheimer's type dementia. This ECT-AD study aims to compare the efficacy and safety of up to 9 ECT+UC (UC, usual care defined as standard pharmacological and behavioral interventions) versus Simulated-ECT+ UC in reducing severe agitation in 200 participants with moderate to severe AD. Successful management of neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD reduces long-term care placement, decreases the risk of mortality, and enhances patient and caregiver quality-of-life. Such an approach has the potential to offer enormous relief to the substantial socioeconomic burden of AD-related behavioral disturbances.
Algorithms for Treatment of Major Depressive Disorder: Efficacy and Cost-Effectiveness$$$ In spite of multiple new treatment options, chronic and treatment refractory courses still are a major challenge in the treatment of depression. Providing algorithm-guided antidepressant treatments is considered an important strategy to optimize treatment delivery and avoid or overcome treatment-resistant courses of major depressive disorder (MDD). The clinical benefits of algorithms in the treatment of inpatients with MDD have been investigated in large-scale, randomized controlled trials. Results showed that a stepwise treatment regimen (algorithm) with critical decision points at the end of each treatment step based on standardized and systematic measurements of response and an algorithm-guided decision-making process increases the chances of achieving remission and optimizes prescription behaviors for antidepressants. In conclusion, research in MDD revealed that systematic and structured treatment procedures, the diligent assessment of response at critical decision points, and timely dose and treatment type adjustments make the substantial difference in treatment outcomes between algorithm-guided treatment and treatment as usual.
Effect of one session of tDCS on the severity of pain in women with chronic pelvic pain$$$ Aim: The present study aimed to investigate the effects of tDCS on pain score in women with Chronic Pelvic Pain (CPP). Materials & methods: A total of 16 women with CPP participated in the present double-blind sham-controlled cross-over study. Each participant received a 20-min 0.3 MA of trans Cranial Direct Stimulation (tDCS) with a current density of 0.1 mA/cm2. In addition to the pain intensity, the Quality of Life (QOL), disability, and depression statuses were assessed prior to and one week after the treatment. Shapiro-Wilks goodness-of-fit test for normality, dependent t-Test, and Wilcoxon Signed- Rank Test were used for data analysis. Values of p < .05 were considered statistically significant. Findings: Active tDCS treatment was effective in the reduction of pain (p = .0001), improving QOL (208.938 > 193.313, P = .025), and the disability (22.375 < 30.375, P = .025). The results showed no effect of active or sham treatment on the depression (p ≥ .05). Conclusion: The positive effects of active tDCS on CPP suggest the need to study the effect of this method on other types of chronic pain.
Proceedings #64: BDNF Polymorphism Predicts Plasticity in Motor Cortex Following Continuous Theta Burst Stimulation$$$ Abstract: Intra- and inter-individual variability in responsiveness to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be due to several factors, such as stimulation intensity (SI) used to probe cortical excitability or a common polymorphism in a gene thought to impact neuroplasticity, i.e. the brain-derived neurotropic factor gene (BDNF) Val66Met allele carriers. While reports of SI impacting rTMS aftereffects are mostly consistent (i.e., larger effects with increasing SI), evidence to date regarding BDNF status affecting rTMS response is mixed. Moreover, whether these factors interact in meaningful ways remains to be clarified. Here, we administered continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS), a form of inhibitory rTMS, to the primary motor cortex (M1) to assess changes in cortical excitability as a function of BDNF status (Val66Val vs. Val66Met) and SI used to probe cortical excitability. We found that BDNF status not only predicted cTBS response in the expected direction, but it also significantly interacted with SI. When compared to Val66Val carriers, increasing SI for Val66Met carriers generated paradoxical cTBS effects (i.e., increased excitability), indicating that SI differentially affects neuroplastic responses as a function of BDNF status. Introduction: Several studies have reported intra- and inter-individual variability in response to rTMS protocols – a finding that hampers the efficacy of noninvasive brain stimulation techniques in both basic and applied settings. One form of inhibitory rTMS, continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS), has been used in numerous neuromodulation studies, in part due to its ability to transiently modulate cortical excitability in a fraction of the time required to produce similar effects with rTMS [1]. However, evidence suggests that the aftereffects of this stimulation approach may also be subject to considerable variability [2]. CTBS is thought to decrease motor excitability via long-term depression- (LTD-) like mechanisms [1]. As such, a common polymorphism in a gene affecting neuroplasticity (i.e., Val66Met allele in brain-derived neurotropic factor gene [BDNF]) should modulate cTBS aftereffects. However, evidence regarding the impact of Val66Met allele on cTBS aftereffects is mixed [2-4]. In addition, prior work has identified a number of factors that may impact cTBS responsiveness, including age [5] and stimulation intensity (SI) [6-8]. For instance, SI of single-pulse TMS used to evoke (and objectively measure) cortical excitability has been shown to affect cTBS response, with decreasing cortical excitability at higher SIs [7-8]. However, to our knowledge, no prior study has explored whether SI interacts with BDNF status. If true, this would suggest that differences in stimulation protocols might account for equivocal findings regarding BDNF status and cTBS aftereffects. Here, we re-examined the impact of BDNF status on neuroplasticity by comparing motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) before and after administration of cTBS to the primary motor cortex (M1). We also explored whether SI used to probe cortical excitability pre- and post-cTBS differentially affects cTBS response as a function of BDNF. Methods: Participants were 27 neurologically healthy individuals (14 females) with no contraindications to TMS. In a single session, we collected 30 MEPs before and after administration of cTBS to M1, and obtained saliva samples for genotyping. Stimulation intensity used to elicit MEPs was adjusted per individual to the percentage of maximum stimulator output (MSO) required to produce MEPs with peak-to-peak amplitudes of ∼1mV [3]. CTBS intensity was set to 80% of active motor threshold (aMT), using standard methods [1]. Analyses were conducted using linear mixed effects modeling [9] using the lme4 package of R version 3.5.0 (R Core Team, 2018). Fixed effects of interest included TimePoint (pre- vs. post-cTBS), BDNF status (Val66Val vs. Val66Met), and MSO. Using a model comparison approach, we first fit a base model including TimePoint and age (entered as a covariate to account for its potential influence on neuroplasticity [5]). Fixed effects were sequentially added to the base model, and were retained in the model if they significantly improved model fit (evaluated with chi-square deviance statistic). For all models, the random effects structure included by-participant random (1) intercepts to account for the inherent correlation among multiple observations within a participant, and (2) slopes to capture the variance in MEPs across trials within each TimePoint. Results: BDNF genotyping revealed that 19 participants were Val66Val carriers and 8 were Val66Met carriers. Adding the interaction between TimePoint and BDNF significantly improved model fit over that of the base model (p’s < .0001). Neither MSO alone nor its interaction with BDNF improved model fit (p’s > .09); however, the interaction between TimePoint and MSO did improve model fit (p < .0001). Finally, adding the three-way interaction between TimePoint, BDNF, and MSO significantly improved model fit (p < .0001), indicating that MSO modulates the effect of BDNF status on cTBS response. MEP amplitudes significantly decreased for Val66Val, but not for Val66Met, carriers after cTBS (p < .01), and MSO modulated the effect of BDNF on cTBS-induced suppression of MEPs (p < .0001). For Val66Val carriers, the inhibitory effect of cTBS decreased as SI increased. By contrast, Val66Met carriers exhibited increasing excitatory responses to cTBS with increasing SI (see Table 1 and Fig. 1) [Figure presented] [Figure presented] Discussion and Conclusion: In the current study, we assessed whether BDNF affects neuroplastic responses to cTBS, and explored whether SI used to probe cortical plasticity prior to and immediately following cTBS accounts for equivocal findings in prior work [2-4]. Consistent with some reports [3, 6], we found that when compared to Val66Val carriers, BDNF Met allele carriers did not exhibit the expected decrease in MEPs following cTBS. Critically, as a group, MET allele carriers’ lack of response to cTBS was explained by variability in the SI used to elicit MEPs before vs. after cTBS to M1. That is, Met allele carriers exhibited a range of responses to cTBS (from inhibitory to excitatory), with higher SIs enhancing MEPs post-cTBS. Together, this suggests that BDNF status does impact individual’s responsiveness to cTBS, but the direction of cTBS aftereffects (i.e., inhibitory vs. excitatory) in Met allele carriers reverses from inhibitory to excitatory with increasing SI. The findings from this work provide insight into the nature of BDNF status on cTBS aftereffects and provide a potential explanation for prior variable or null results involving the use of this stimulation approach. Future work should consider factors thought to influence brain plasticity and their interaction with various features of stimulation protocols in the administration and interpretation of cTBS research findings. Acknowledgements: This work was supported by grants from NIH/NIDCD: R01 DC012780-01A1 and the Dana Foundation Brain and Immunoimaging Award to R.H.H.; NIH: T32HD071844 to D.Y.H. References [1] Huang YZ, Edwards MJ, Rounis E, Bhatia KP, Rothwell JC. Theta burst stimulation of the human motor cortex. Neuron 2005;45:201-6. [2] Chung SW, Hill AT, Rogasch NC, Hoy KE, Fitzgerald PB. Use of theta-burst stimulation in changing excitability of motor cortex: a systematic review and meta-analysis. Neurosci Biobehav Rev 2016;63:43-64. [3] Cheeran B, Talelli P, Mori F, Koch G, Suppa A, Edwards M, et al. A common polymorphism in the brain-derived neurotrophic factor gene (BDNF) modulates human cortical plasticity and response to rTMS. J Physiol 2008;586(23):5717-25. [4] Li Voti P, Conte A, Suppa A, Iezzi E, Bologna M, Aniello, et al. Correlation between cortical plasticity, motor learning and BDNF genotype in healthy subjects. Exp Brain Res 2011;212(1):91-9. [5] Freitas C, Perez J, Knobel M, Tormos JM, Oberman LM, Eldaief M, et al. Changes in cortical plasticity across the lifespan. Front Aging Neurosci 2011;3:5. [6] Jannati A, Block G, Oberman LM, Rotenberg A, Pascual-Leone A. Interindividual variability in response to continuous theta-burst stimulation in healthy adults. Clin Neurophysiol 2017;128(11):2268-78. [7] Goldsworthy MR, Vallence AM, Hodyl NA, Semmler JG, Pitcher JB, Ridding MC. Probing changes in corticospinal excitability following theta burst stimulation of the human primary motor cortex. Clin Neurophysiol 2016;127(1):740-7. [8] Vallence AM, Goldsworthy MR, Hodyl NA, Semmler JG, Pitcher JB, Ridding MC. Inter-and intra-subject variability of motor cortex plasticity following continuous theta-burst stimulation. Neuroscience 2015;304:266-78. [9] Baayen RH, Davidson DJ, Bates DM. Mixed-effects modeling with crossed random effects for subjects and items. J Mem Lang 2008;59(4):390-412.
Is There Role For TMS Delivered At Intesities At Or Below 100% Resting Motor Threshold (RMT)?$$$ Rmt stimulation objective: To determine efficacy of TMS delivered at below standard intensity including below RMT. BACKGROUND: Some patients cannot tolerate standard stimulation intensities. Slow increase in intensity allows some to tolerate standard intensity. Some reported feeling “better” at stimulation intensities below RMT Methods: Retrospective study of highly treatment resistant MDD patients (16 treated with Brainsway;BW and 16 treated with NeuroStar:NS) who elected to continue TMS despite inability to tolerate standard intensity including at RMT. Other parameters were standard. 19 patients received bilateral treatment 13 Left sided treatment Results: 10 Remitted (RE) and 5 Responded (RO). Of the 15 RE/RO subjects, 7 were treated bilaterally, 6 stimulated at 100%, the rest between 80% and 90%. Baseline Beck’s Depression Inventory (BDI) score was 26 for RE/RO and 35 for Non-RE/RO. Final scores were 9 and 31 respectively. The RE/RO and Non-RE/RO had similar RMT. 10/15 RE/RO were females. RE/RO had lower initial BDI score than Non-RE/RO. 10/15 of responders were treated with NS Conclusions: A substantial proportion of patients respond to TMS stimulation at low intensities even below RMT. While this may be placebo, many neuroimaging neurophysiological and even some treatment studies show effects of TMS delivered at less then RMT. This may also reflect varying baseline brain activity since the effects of TMS stimulation depends on the brain state The efficacy of subthreshold TMS especially bilateral stimulation needs further investigation including development of brain state biomarkers to identify patients who will respond to below RMT stimulation
Which heuristic to use? Plotting the position of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: a comparison of clinical methods$$$ Abstract For over a decade, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been growing in favor, as a treatment for treatment resistant Major Depressive Disorder. The largest body of evidence advocates depression treatment over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, LDLPFC.1 Methods to locate LDLPFC have included 1) a simple calculation from the motor cortex (5, 6, and 7 cm rules)2, 2) placement using the 10-20 EEG electrode placement system to determine F33, 3) a complex mathematical formula simplified into a computer application (Beam) which has been modified with more recent data4, and 4) neuronavigational targeting5,6. Neuro-navigational targeting has not gained clinical favor as it has not proven in large, sham-controlled trials that it is superior for improving efficacy to the simple heuristics, and this method has a significant expense to patients and clinicians. Busy clinicians, wanting to optimize patient outcomes, are left wondering how these existing simple heuristics to find the LDLPFC compare. In this study the authors developed simple forms to teach each method and measure 28 healthy, non-depressed, adults using each of three heuristics to locate the LDLPFC. There have been limited publications comparing these measurement heuristics, but hopefully this small study will encourage others to study these methods and their outcomes and therefore aid in future translations of research science to clinical practice of TMS treatment of depression. Introduction: TMS has been used clinically in U.S. since FDA clearance in 2008. Manufacturers of the FDA cleared focal devices teach the 5 cm or 6 cm method to locate the DLPFC; in this method the clinician measures 5 or 6 cm from motor hot-spot (C3) following determination of the Motor Threshold. There is significant variability in human head size which can leave the centimeter rules inadequate in determining DLPFC.7 In prior studies, small sample studies have been used to validate the 10-20 method (n= 21)2 and Beam method4 (n=10) to locate F3-LDLPFC for adult depressed patients. The most recent consensus on clinical use of TMS for depression notes that using the 10-20 EEG electrode method may offer more precision to find F3 and states a more significant problem that clinical outcomes were not directly compared using different coil positioning methods.8 Neuro-navigated depression studies serve as the gold standard to find and treat over DLPFC and two studies have shown positive Results compared to simple heuristics.5,6 One study suggested that patients trended towards improved outcomes when neuro-navigated placement was used compared to the 5 cm rule,5 and the other study measured errors that occur with simple heuristics that led the authors to conclude that neuro-navigation should be used for more accuracy.6 Finally, a larger trial (n=100) used fMRI images and neuronavigational methods and compared this to a modification of the Beam method and found the new method highly correlated with LDLPFC.7 To date, no study has compared all three simple measurement heuristics used here to determine TMS coil placement for the depression treatment. Method: A convenience sample of 28 healthy (non-depressed) adult participants was obtained for the study (demographics, including sex, age, weight, were recorded). All individuals underwent measurements for three TMS coil placement procedures: 10-20 EEG method (figure 1 & 2), Beam method (figure 3), Modified Beam (figure 4). Templates for each method were developed for the clinicians measuring the subjects and our now available for any clinician to use (www.tmsworkbook.com). Clinicians were educated and trained before measuring and calculating. Paper forms and an Excel document were used to record and analyze all data. Two clinicians who regularly treat patients with TMS for depression (MC & LV) verified all measurements and double checked the data entered. Key differences in the methods, noted here: For 10-20 Method3 (Figure 2), 14 marks on subject: - preauricular to preauricular measurement - circumference at Fpz>T3->Oz->T4->Fpz - True F3 measured For Beam Method4 (Figure 3), 4 marks on subject: - preauricular to preauricular measurement, value entered into Tragus to Tragus box 4 - circumference at eyebrow level - using Web-based interface (clinicalresearcher.org) - F3 was located with X and Adjusted Y For Modified Beam method9 (Figure 4), 10 marks on subject - true tragus to tragus measurement entered into Beam calculation - circumference from Fpz>T3->Oz->T4->Fpz - F3 was located with X and Adjusted Y Results: The F3 determination with all methods (10-20, Beam, and Modified Beam) were within 3 cm of each other. The Beam method was the most time efficient with the smallest number of steps, but it was found to be posterior and medial to Modified Beam more than 50% of the time. • 21.4% of participants had discrepancy > 2cm between the 10-20 and the Beam method (Beam being more anterior and lateral) • 17.9% had discrepancy > 2 cm between the 10-20 and Modified Beam method (Modified Beam being more anterior and lateral) • 17.9% had distance > 7 cm between C3 & F3 on at least one method • Only 7.14% of participants had F3’s within 5 cm of C3 for all three methods [Figure presented] Conclusions: The three heuristics are comparable in that they resulted in F3 locations within 3 cm of each other for 100% of the participants; however, with focal TMS devices only generating an electrical field of approximately 2 X 2 to 2 X 3 cm squared10 clinicians might need more accuracy in determining which heuristic will result in optimal treatment of depressed patients. This study supports other study conclusions that the 5 cm rule is inadequate when determining F3 for the majority of patients. The 10-20 calculations resulted in a distance of 5.3 cm from F3 to C3 on average leading the authors to believe that the 10-20 is also inadequate when determining F3. The Beam method was the clinically preferred because of the least number of steps to complete, but the method yielded F3 positioning which was posterior and medial to the Modified Beam F3 more than 50% of the time. The Modified Beam method resulted in the most anterior & lateral position and in other studies it offered correlation with neuro-navigated methods leading this study team to concur with others that this Modified Beam might yield the best likelihood of approximating LDLPFC for most depressed patients receiving TMS.9 The authors implore researchers to perform a larger study, comparing these simple measurement heuristics to neuro-navigation techniques and patient outcomes. The differences may result in higher remission or response rates for depressed patients receiving TMS. References: 1. Mutz J et al. Efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of adult unipolar and bipolar depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised sham-controlled trials. Neuroscience and Biobehavioral reviews. 92 (2018) 291–303. 2. Pascual-Leone, A, Rubio, B, Pallardo, F, Catalá, MD. Rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in drug-resistant depression. The Lancet. 1996;348(9022):233-237. 3. Herwig, U, Satrapi, P, Schönfeldt-Lecuona, C. Using the international 10-20 EEG system for position of transcranial magnetic stimulation. Brain Topography. 2003;16(2):95-99. 4. Beam, W, Borckardt, JJ, Reeves, ST, George, MS. An efficient and accurate new method for locating the F3 position for prefrontal TMS applications. Brain Stimulation: Basic, Translational, and Clinical Research in Neuromodulation. 2009;2(1):50-54. 5. Fitzgerald, P, Hoy, K, McQueen, S, et al. A Randomized Trial of rTMS Targeted with MRI Based Neuro-Navigation in Treatment-Resistant Depression. Neuropsychopharmacology. 2009; 34:1255–1262. 6. Nauczyciel, C, Hellier, P, Morandi, X, et al., Assessment of standard coil positioning in transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression. Psychiatry Research.186 (2011);186(2-3):232-238. 7. Ritchie SJ, Cox SR, Shen X, et. al. Sex Differences in the Adult Human Brain: Evidence from 5216 UK Biobank Participants. Cerebral Cortex. 2018;28: 2959–2975 8. McClintock et al. Consensus Recommendations for the Clinical Application of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in the Treatment of Depression. J Clinical Psychiatry 2017 9. Mir-Moghtadaei, A, Caballero, R, Fried, Pet al. Concordance between Beam F3 and MRI-neuronavigated target sites for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Brain Stimulation. 2015; 8:965-973. 10. Jalinous R. Technical and practical aspects of magnetic nerve stimulation. J Clin Neurophysiology. 1991; 8:10-25. 11. Handouts for 10-20 Method, Beam Method, and Modified Beam used in this study can be found by registering on . There is no charge to register on this website.
The Role of Fast or Slow Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Civilian Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder: A Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Background; Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a proven treatment for major depression but it is less known whether it treats posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), with or without depression, for those considered refractory to other treatments. A recent meta-analysis (n=118) showed that active 1 Hz or 10-20 Hz rTMS has a superior effect over sham. Objective and Design; In this study, thirty-one adult civilian hospital outpatients with PTSD were recruited for a prospective, double-blind trial with randomization into either 1 Hz active or 10 Hz active or sham treatment arms. Ten consecutive rTMS sessions for 37.5 minutes each, were given over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 100-120% above motor threshold. The primary outcomes were the change in PTSD symptoms as measured by (1) clinician-administered PTSD Scale (CAPS) and (2) Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-21). Secondary outcomes were determined by rating scales for anxiety. Measurements were performed at baseline, within 1-week post-rTMS series, and at 3 months post-rTMS series. Results; Eleven participants were randomized to the active 1-Hz group, ten to the active 10-Hz group, and ten to the sham group. Following the intervention, significant improvement in CAPS (past week) score was found only in the 1-Hz group compared with the sham group at the end of the treatment course. The intervention did not lead to significant change in depressive and anxiety symptoms. Conclusion; Ten sessions of low-frequency rTMS applied to the right DLPFC appeared to have led to significant improvement in PTSD symptoms. Our Results are limited by the small sample size, relatively short course of rTMS treatment. Disclosures Dr. Peter Chan is the co-founder and co-owner of Brainstim Healthcare, a private rTMS clinic
TMS for Major Depressive Disorder in naïve patients$$$ Objective: Determine the use of TMS for major depressive disorder in naïve patients. Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a well stablished therapy for MDD in patients who have failed to achieve a satisfactory improvement after receiving antidepressant medication (treatment-resistant depression -TRD-) The US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a newer and faster treatment protocol which uses intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS). A treatment session lasts only 3 minutes. This is well affordable for most patients. It seems that actually there are not safety, friendly or efficacy reasons to avoid the use of TMS as first line therapy for MDD. Design / Methods: Patient’s ages 15 to 70 diagnosed with MDD were incorporated into the study since October 2017. They did not receive pharmacological nor psychological therapy. Exclusion criteria: history of seizures, paroxysmal EEG. The therapy consisted in 20 sessions of 3 minutes 47 seconds with theta burst stimulation (iTBS). A PHQ-9 scale was used for screening and consecutive control. Results: Twenty two patients completed the study. Remission at 3 months was achieved by 41.2% and no response by 22.7% . Conclusions: TMS with iTBS can be applied as first line therapy as an effective procedure. The remission rate is similar to studies with different type of patients. This is not a sham- active protocol thus is not possible to measure the placebo response. References: 1. Center for Behavioral Health Statistics and Quality. (2015). Behavioral health trends in the United States: Results from the 2014 National Survey on Drug Use and Health (HHS Publication No. SMA 15-4927, NSDUH Series H-50). Retrieved from 2. World Health Organization. Depression and Other Common Mental Disorders. Global Health Estimates. Geneva: World Health Organization. 2017, 1-24. 3. Kroenke, K., Spitzer, R. L., & Williams, J. B. The PHQ-9: validity of a brief depression severity measure. Journal of General Internal Medicine, 2001; 16 (9):606-613. 4. Trevino, K., McClintock, S., McDonald, N., Vora, A., y Husain, M. Defining treatment-resistant depression: A comprehensive review of the literature. Annals of Clinical Psychiatry . 2014; 26 (3):222-232. 5. Culpepper, L., Muskin, P., y Stahl, S. Major Depressive Disorder: Understanding the Significance of Residual Symptoms and Balancing Efficacy with Tolerability. The American Journal of Medicine. 2015; 128 (9): S1-S15.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-coil or an H1-Coil in treatment of major depressive disorder$$$ A randomized clinical trial; Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)is an evidence-based treatment option for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, comparisons of efficacy between the two FDA-approved protocols of rTMS modalities are lacking. The aim of this industry-independent, randomized-controlled, single-blind trial was to evaluate clinical outcome of the two FDA-approved rTMS protocols delivered by H1-coil and the figure-8-coil, in MDD patients. A total of 228 MDD patients were randomized to 20 sessions of H1-coil or 8-coil as an adjunct to standard-of-care pharmacotherapy, or standard-of-care pharmacotherapy alone. Baseline MDD symptom severity was almost the same in the three groups. Hamilton depression rating scale (HAM-D17)mean score was 17 (5.3)in H1-coil, 17 (5.4)in 8-coil, and 19 (6.1)in control group. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients achieving remission defined as HAM-D17 score ≤7 at end-of-treatment at week-4. In the intention-to-treat analysis odds ratio for remission was 1.74 (CI95% 0.79–3.83)in H1-coil compared to the 8-coil group. The difference between two rTMS protocols was not significant. Remission rate was significantly greater in both HF-rTMS groups compared to the control: 60% (CI95% 48–71%), 43% (CI95% 31–55%)and 11% (CI95% 5–20%)respectively. The response was significantly better in H1-coil, than in 8-coil group OR = 2.33; CI95% 1.04–5.21 (P = 0.040). The HAM-D17 was lowered by 59% in the H1-coil, 41% in the 8-coil (P = 0.048), and 17% in the control group (P < 0.001 vs H1-coil; P = 0.003 vs 8-coil). Safety, tolerability, and the changes in quality of life were comparable. We confirmed the safety and efficacy of both FDA-approved protocols as adjunctive treatments of MDD. Better response rate and greater reduction of depression severity were observed in the H1-coil group, but without a significant difference in the remission rate between the two rTMS modalities. Clinical trials registration: Clinicaltrials.govNCT02917499
P74-S A randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for neuropathic pain$$$ Background: Treatment of neuropathic pain (NP)remains a challenge. We compared repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)of the primary motor cortex with sham stimulation for the treatment of NP. Methods: In our multicenter, randomized, patient and assessor-blind, sham-controlled, parallel trial, NP patients were randomly assigned to receive five daily sessions of active rTMS of the primary motor cortex somatotopically corresponding to the worst pain (5 Hz, 90% motor threshold, 500 pulses/session)or sham treatment. Responders were invited to enroll in a continuous trial involving four weekly sessions of active rTThe primary outcome was a mean decrease in a visual analogue scale (VAS)measured daily in an intention-to-treat population. Secondary outcomes were the short-form McGill pain questionnaire 2 (SF-MPQ2), quality-of-life measures, and depression score. Results: 144 patients were assigned to the active or sham stimulation groups. The primary outcome, mean VAS decreases, was not significantly different (p = 0.58)between the active stimulation group (8.0 ± 12.1)and the sham group (9.2 ± 13.6). The mean SF-MPQ2 decreases in the active stimulation and sham groups were 21.7 ± 24.1 and 16.2 ± 19.7, respectively (p = 0.14). The secondary outcomes were not significantly different between both groups. Active stimulation group patients tended to achieve additional pain relief with continuous weekly rTNo serious adverse events were observed. Conclusions: Patients given five daily sessions of rTMS with stimulus conditions used in this trial showed no improvements in pain relief in various types of NP. The findings of this study may reflect the importance of further optimization of enrolled subjects, trial protocol, and stimulus procedure.
O-15 Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of chronic subjective non-pulsatile primary tinnitus case report$$$ Background: Therapy of subjective chronic primary tinnitus could be challenging. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)is currently being tested for suppressing the symptom. However, effect of stimulation remains controversial. Objective: The aim was to uncover real effect of rTMS stimulation for tinnitus treatment. Methods: Fifty-three adult patients suffering from chronic subjective non-pulsatile primary tinnitus for at least 6 months were included in the study. Patients were randomly assigned into rTMS stimulation group (group 1), sham stimulation group (group 2)and group with medicament therapy only (group 3). Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (frequency 25 Hz; 300 pulses; 80% resting motor threshold = RMT)and primary auditory cortex on both sides (1 Hz; 1000 pulses; 110% RMT)were stimulated in patients in rTMS stimulation group for 5 consecutive days. Tinnitus reaction questionnaire (TRQ), tinnitus handicap questionnaire (THQ), tinnitus handicap inventory (THI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), pure-tone audiometry with Fowler scoring of hearing loss and tinnitus analysis were used for evaluation of tinnitus in all patients. Data was recorded in the day patient was included in the study, during follow-up after 1 month and 6 months. Results: No significant effect of rTMS stimulation after 1 month and 6 months was found in our study in BDI, THQ and TRQ score or in tinnitus masking. There was significant effect in THI score ater 1 ano 6 months. We would like to present case reports of 2 patients with the effect of stimulation, in which the deterioration of the socioeconomic state leaded to a marked deterioration of tinnitus.
P53-F Successful repeated courses of rTMS in pharmacoresistant masked depression – Case series$$$ Background: The application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)in depressed patients was extensively investigated as in the past decades. The efficacy of rTMS over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC)has been established in large multicenter randomized controlled trials (RCTs)and metaanalyses, and is considered an evidence-based treatment approach for major depressive disorder. Nonetheless the precise clinical profile of symptoms for selecting patients to this treatment is still not known. The term “masked depression” is used to describe patients who complain of somatic symptoms, without any identifiable organic disorder. This condition can be easily underdiagnosed and undertreated because of predominantly somatic not psychological symptoms. Material and methods: The course of treatment with rTMS of two patients with masked depression is presented. Both of them with the diagnosis of bipolar disorder. One patient suffered from severe invalidating headache and the second from diplopia. Both of them were extensively diagnosed for organic underpinnings of the symptoms and received antidepressant and mood-stabilizing treatment. These episodes were recurrent and less responsive to the pharmacologic treatment in the course of the disease. This raised the necessity to include other forms of treatment. Both patients received repeated courses of rTMS treatment. Results: Somatic and psychologic symptoms of depression remitted completely after each course of treatment in both patients. They maintained remission during one year follow up. Conclusions: rTMS may be a useful method of treatment in patients with predominantly somatic manifestation of depression. This may be added to the already known clinical factors predicting treatment response.
CTMSS 2019 Annual Meeting$$$ The proceedings contains 45 papers. The topics discussed include: Is there any difference between treatments in patients suffering from Major Depressive Disorder that were exposed to Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) as monotherapy and patients who were exposed to a combined therapy of psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy?;Abnormal Functional Frontal Asymmetry and Behavioral Correlates in Adult ADHD: A TMS-EEG Study;Clinical and electrophysiological effects of two dTMS protocols in ADHD;Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment Parkinson's disease patients.;Repetitive peripheral magnetic stimulation for the treatment of neurogenic urinary disorders;A Review of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment in an Inpatient Residential Program;The Role of Fast or Slow Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Civilian Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder: A Randomized, Sham-Controlled Trial;Thermal effects of Theta Burst Stimulation on Skin with Tattoos;Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation may reduce cue-induced craving in methamphetamine use disorder;TMS for Major Depressive Disorder in naïve patients;Safety of iTBS in preschool children with ASD: Follow up study;1Hz rTMS to the SMA added to iTBS of the LDLPFC enhances response in highly ruminative refractory depression;Safety and Efficacy of rTMS for MDD in HIV+ Patients; A series of 10 consecutive patients;Right Sided (RDLPFC) Low Frequency (1Hz) rTMS in the Third Trimester of Pregnancy; A Case Report.;Evolution of a Study of Bilateral Prefrontal Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) to Treat the Symptoms of Mild TBI (mTBI) and PTSD: Research Methods, Participant Demographics, and Tolerability;Is There Role For TMS Delivered At Intesities At Or Below 100% Resting Motor Threshold (RMT)?;Transient Ipsilateral Trigeminal Neuropathy After 10 Hz Left-Sided Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) for Major Depressive Disorder: A Case Study
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation at different frequencies for postherpetic neuralgia: A double-blind, sham-controlled, randomized trial$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at 5 Hz and 10 Hz is effective in improving pain, sleep quality, and anxiety among patients with postherpetic neuralgia (PHN). But it has not been reported which frequency is more effective and which frequency is safer. Objectives: This study aimed to observe the efficacy and safety of rTMS at different high frequencies (5 Hz, 10 Hz) for PHN. Study Design: The design of the study was a prospective randomized, controlled clinical trial. Setting: The research was conducted within a department of pain management at a university hospital in China. Methods: Sixty patients with PHN who were treated at the Department of Pain Management at Xuanwu Hospital of Capital Medical University were recruited. Using a computer-created number list, the cases were equally divided into 3 groups (n = 20), namely, the sham rTMS group, 5-Hz rTMS group, and 10-Hz rTMS group. The sham rTMS group received sham stimulation, and the other 2 groups received high-frequency (5-Hz and 10-Hz) rTMS, respectively. The primary motor cortex (M1) on the healthy side was stimulated with an intensity of 80% transcranial magnetic stimulation (RMT). For the 5-Hz rTMS group, each stimulation session consisted of a series of 300 one-second pulses with a frequency of 5 Hz and an interval of 2.5 seconds between each train, giving a total of 1500 pulses per session. For the 10-Hz rTMS group, each stimulation session consisted of a series of 300 0.5-second pulses with a frequency of 10 Hz and an interval of 3 seconds between each train, giving a total of 1500 pulses per session; the total time of stimulations was 17.5 minutes. rTMS was performed once daily for 10 days. The 3 groups received conventional medication therapy. Baseline data (gender, age, course of disease, affected side) were recorded in the 3 groups. At different time points (before treatment, T0; during treatment, T1-T10; 1 month after treatment, T11; and 3 months after treatment, T12), the patients were evaluated on the following scales: Visual Analog Scale (VAS), short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire (SF-MPQ), Quality of Life (QOL) scale, sleep quality (SQ) scale, Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS), Patient Global Impression of Change (PGIC), and incidence of adverse events. Results: Compared with the sham rTMS group, there was a significant reduction in VAS scores in the 5-Hz rTMS group and 10-Hz rTMS group at T2-T12 (P <.05). VAS scores in the 10-Hz rTMS group at T7-T12 were significantly lower compared with the 5-Hz rTMS group (P <.05). The average VAS reduction was significantly different between the 5-Hz and 10-Hz rTMS groups; 28.3% (95% confidence interval [CI],19.48%-49.35%), compared to 39.89% (95% CI, 22.47%-58.64%), with (F = 5.289, P =.022). The 3 groups did not differ significantly in general SF-MPQ, QOL, SQ, SDS, and PGIC scores. However, the QQL, SQ, and PGIC scores of the 5-Hz rTMS group and the 10-HZ rTMS group at T12 were significantly higher than that of the sham rTMS group. Limitations: The study’s follow-up period was limited to 3 months. Conclusions: rTMS at either frequency, 5 Hz or 10 Hz, relieved PHN and improved the patients’ quality of life. rTMS at 10 Hz was superior to rTMS at 5 Hz in terms of pain relief, quality of life, and improvement in sleep quality, though the latter had higher safety. rTMS at either 5 Hz or 10 Hz can be used as an adjuvant therapy for PHN.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic tension-type headache: A pilot study$$$ Background & objectives: Tension-type headache (TTH) is the most common type of primary headache disorder. Its chronic form is often the most ignored and challenging to treat. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a novel technique in the treatment of chronic pain. The aim of this pilot study was to explore the effect of low-frequency repetitive TMS (rTMS) on pain status in chronic TTH (CTTH) by subjective and objective pain assessment. Methods: Patients (n=30) diagnosed with CTTH were randomized into rTMS (n=15) and placebo (n=15) groups in this study. Pre-intervention detailed history of patients was taken. Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) for Pain and questionnaires [Headache Impact Test-6 (HIT-6), McGill Pain Questionnaire, Pain Beliefs Questionnaire, Coping Strategies Questionnaire, State-Trait Anxiety Inventory Test, Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and WHO-Quality of Life Questionnaire-Brief version] were filled, and objective assessments such as nociceptive flexion reflex (NFR) and conditioned pain modulation were done. The tests were repeated after 20 sessions (5 days/week). In the rTMS group, 1200 pulses in eight trains of 150 pulses each were given at 1Hz over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (RDLPFC). In the placebo group, the rTMS coil was placed such that magnetic stimulation did not reach the cortex. Results: The NRS score decreased significantly (P<0.001) and NFR thresholds increased significantly (P=0.011) in the rTMS group when compared to placebo group. Interpretation & conclusions: Subjective improvements in the NRS, HIT-6, McGill Present Pain Intensity, trait of anxiety and psychological pain beliefs were observed. The increase in the thresholds of NFR served as an objective marker for improvement in pain status. Further studies need to be done to confirm our preliminary findings.
ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY FOR THE TREATMENT OF ACUTE AGITATION AND AGGRESSION IN ALZHEIMER'S DEMENTIA (ECT-AD)$$$ Background: Neuropsychiatric symptoms of Alzheimer’s disease (AD), such as agitation, depression and apathy, contribute to caregiver burden and increase patient morbidity and mortality. With no FDA-approved options available, treatments for severe agitation in advanced dementia are limited. Psychotropic medications are widely used off-label to treat agitation in AD even with documented limitations in efficacy and safety concerns. New treatments for severe agitation in AD refractory to standard interventions are timely and warranted. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have demonstrated the safety and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for the treatment of severe psychiatric disorders of late life. Recently, small open label studies suggest efficacy and safety of ECT for agitation in individuals with AD. The present RCT builds upon prior work and aims to determine the efficacy and safety of ECT for severe agitation in moderate to severe stage AD, while also examining the durability of the acute treatment effect. Methods: We describe an NIA-funded multi-site, single blind, RCT of ECT plus usual care (UC) versus Simulated-ECT (S-ECT) plus UC. Our primary efficacy outcome measures are the Cohen Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI) and the Neuropsychiatric Inventory – Clinician Version (NPI-C), and secondary efficacy outcome measures are the Alzheimer’s Disease Cooperative Study-Clinical Global Impression of Change Scale (ADCS-CGIC) and Pittsburgh Agitation Scale (PAS). Safety and tolerability will be assessed with the Severe Impairment Battery – 8 item (SIB-8), the Confusion Assessment Method (CAM), and adverse event monitoring. Results: Preliminary open-label data from our team suggests acute ECT treatment is safe and effective in reducing agitation in this population as measured by the CMAI, PAS, CGI, and adverse event monitoring. We hypothesize ECT+UC will be more efficacious in reducing severe agitation in AD subjects than S-ECT+UC, and that there will be no difference in tolerability/safety. Conclusions: This innovative study will fill a gap in the current clinical practice of treating severe agitation in AD using a rigorous methodological approach thus providing evidence for a new therapeutic application (severe agitation in AD) of a well-studied, established, and safe treatment (ECT). Study findings may demonstrate support for a new therapeutic use of ECT for severe agitation in AD.
Randomized trial of quantitative correlation of thoracic epidural tramadol with postoperative analgesia in patients undergoing thoracotomy$$$ Early postoperative pain in patients undergoing thoracotomy may be intense, and can delay the rehabilitation and mobilization unless appropriately treated. General, Epidural and combination of these have separate risks and benefits which vary according to patient's comorbidity and medications. Intravenous drugs for analgesia like morphine sulphate need close monitoring as they cause respiratory depression.. Tramadol hydrochloride has been used both intravenously and epidurally and results have been found to be comparable with morphine. Sixty three ASA I and II patients scheduled for elective thoracotomy were divided into three equal groups in a randomized, double blinded fashion. Group I, II, III received 1, 2 and 3 mg/kg body weight Thoracic epidural Tramadol respectively. Onset time, duration and side effects of analgesia were studied in all the groups.Duration of pain relief in group I, II, III was 6, 10, 20 hrs respectively which was statistically significant. Incidence of post operative nausea and vomiting was significant in group III compared to other groups. It is concluded that 2 mg/kg body weight thoracic epidural Tramadol is optimum dose for postoperative analgesia without significant side effects and in dose 3 mg/kg body weight, can be used with appropriate anti-emetics to reduce the incidence of nausea and vomiting.
Treatment of Post-Stroke Depression$$$ Purpose of review: This review presents a critical appraisal of current therapeutic strategies for patients with post-stroke depression (PSD). We present the reader with the most recent evidence to support pharmacological, psychosocial, and neuromodulation interventions in PSD. We also discuss the relevance of using antidepressants and psychotherapy to prevent PSD and discuss evidence that antidepressant treatment may reduce mortality after stroke. Recent findings: Neuroinflammation and decrease neurogenesis and plasticity may play an important role in the mechanism of PSD. The strongest predictors of PSD are stroke severity, early physical disability, and severity of loss of functioning. Nevertheless, populations at risk for PSD are yet to be identified. Recent meta-analysis examined the efficacy of pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy. There is consensus that antidepressants such as escitalopram and paroxetine produce a significantly greater response and remission rate of PSD than placebo. Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) using psychotherapy are fewer, but recent meta-analysis tend to suggest efficacy for this treatment modality. Neuromodulation using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) or transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), as well as novel psychosocial interventions are potentially useful treatments in need of further research. Summary: Pharmacological therapy with antidepressants and psychotherapy should be considered as first line of treatment for PSD. The most effective antidepressants are the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors escitalopram and paroxetine, whereas cognitive behavioural therapy is the most effective psychotherapeutic intervention.
A Pilot Investigation of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Post-Traumatic Brain Injury Depression: Safety, Tolerability, and Efficacy$$$ Depression following a traumatic brain injury (TBI) is common and difficult to treat using standard approaches. The current study investigated, for the first time, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for the treatment of post TBI depression. We specifically assessed the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of TMS in this patient population. We also explored cognitive outcomes. Twenty-one patients with a current episode of major depression subsequent to a TBI participated in a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial of repetitive TMS (rTMS). Sequential bilateral rTMS (to the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) was provided in 20 treatments over a period of 4 weeks. Patients were randomly allocated to receive either active or sham stimulation. There were no adverse effects and treatment was well tolerated. There was no significant effect of rTMS on post-TBI depression, with all patients showing a significant improvement in depressive symptoms irrespective of their treatment group (p = 0.002). There were significant improvements in cognition following active rTMS in the areas of working memory (p = 0.021) and executive function (p = 0.029). rTMS was shown to be safe and well tolerated in patients who had developed depression after a TBI. We did not find a therapeutic effect for post-TBI depression; however, this approach may have some utility in improving cognitive function. Future research should focus on alternative rTMS treatment approaches for post-TBI depression and the direct investigation of rTMS as a treatment for cognitive impairment in TBI.
Pharmacologic treatment of major depression: Making research evidence available with a peer-reviewed algorithm in an easy to use computer program$$$ Objectives The Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Psychiatry Department has been preparing evidence-derived algorithms for choosing medication for psychiatric disorders for 25 years. They provide clinicians with syntheses of the best evidence for efficacy, effectiveness, safety, and cost of pharmaceuticals in a format that is more prescriptive than guidelines. The aim is to present very specific and very context sensitive best practice. The algorithms start with recommendations for medication-naïve patients. After that, suggestions for patients who had one failed trial are offered, and then we address deeper levels of treatmentresistance. Important comorbidity is considered. They are usable on cell phones. Practitioners can obtain an actionable recommendation in 1-2 minutes. We will demonstrate the major depression algorithm, most recently published in the February 2019 issue of Harvard Review of Psychiatry. Method Small groups of clinicians create new algorithms or update older ones and then submit papers describing them for peer review in psychiatric journals. The review process involves reaching consensus with the expert reviewers who may not agree with all the interpretations of the evidence leading to the recommendations in the initial draft. This review process enhances the validity of the final version. After acceptance, the authors construct the on-line versions of the algorithms. Users see the entire flowchart and click on the node representing their patient's current clinical status - ranging from first use of medication to very treatment resistant, while considering the impact of various illness subtypes and comorbidities. The website (www.psychopharm.mobi) currently has 9 algorithms. All algorithms emphasize that they advise on choice of pharmacotherapy only, but non-medication approaches are valid, important, and may be preferred. Results For most depressed outpatients, sertraline, escitalopram or bupropion are reasonable first choices. If there is no response, the prescriber has many choices for the second trial in this algorithm because there is no clear preference based on evidence, and there are many individual patient considerations and variations in patient preference to take into account. The prescriber and patient may decide to either switch (to one of the above options not previously tried, or to venlafaxine, or to a nutraceutical antidepressant such as St. John's Wort or S-adenosylmethionine, or to transcranial magnetic stimulation), or to augment (with nutrients including l-methylfolate, or second-generation antipsychotics, or mirtazapine, or lithium or triiodothyronine). If there is no response to the second medication trial, the patient is considered to have a relatively medication-resistant depression. More recommendations follow. Comorbidities such as chronic pain, obsessivecompulsive disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder and posttraumatic stress disorder are considered. Conclusions Utilization of this consultative tool for picking medication treatment for depression could help minimize unproductive variation in clinical care and improve clinical outcomes and produce remissions in shorter times and with fewer medication changes than with treatment as usual. Also, the algorithm encourages more cost-effective practice when generic options are recommended over expensive, brand-name products (when there is no apparent disadvantage in outcome or safety). Clinicians often overlook the large role their beliefs play in medication selection, ignoring placebo effects that contribute to their experience-based biases. These online tools provide evidence-supported ways of thinking that are available rapidly at the point of care in time to influence decisionmaking.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic tension-Type headache: A pilot study$$$ Background & objectives: Tension-Type headache (TTH) is the most common type of primary headache disorder. Its chronic form is often the most ignored and challenging to treat. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a novel technique in the treatment of chronic pain. The aim of this pilot study was to explore the effect of low-frequency repetitive TMS (rTMS) on pain status in chronic TTH (CTTH) by subjective and objective pain assessment. Methods: Patients (n=30) diagnosed with CTTH were randomized into rTMS (n=15) and placebo (n=15) groups in this study. Pre-intervention detailed history of patients was taken. Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) for Pain and questionnaires [Headache Impact Test-6 (HIT-6), McGill Pain Questionnaire, Pain Beliefs Questionnaire, Coping Strategies Questionnaire, State-Trait Anxiety Inventory Test, Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and WHO-Quality of Life Questionnaire-Brief version] were filled, and objective assessments such as nociceptive flexion reflex (NFR) and conditioned pain modulation were done. The tests were repeated after 20 sessions (5 days/week). In the rTMS group, 1200 pulses in eight trains of 150 pulses each were given at 1Hz over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (RDLPFC). In the placebo group, the rTMS coil was placed such that magnetic stimulation did not reach the cortex. Results: The NRS score decreased significantly (P<0.001) and NFR thresholds increased significantly (P=0.011) in the rTMS group when compared to placebo group. Interpretation & conclusions: Subjective improvements in the NRS, HIT-6, McGill Present Pain Intensity, trait of anxiety and psychological pain beliefs were observed. The increase in the thresholds of NFR served as an objective marker for improvement in pain status. Further studies need to be done to confirm our preliminary findings.
Cognitive effects of bilateral high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in early phase psychosis: a pilot study$$$ Cognitive dysfunction is a core facet of schizophrenia that is present early in the course of the illness and contributes to diminished functioning and outcomes. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a relatively new neuropsychiatric intervention. Initially used in treatment resistant depression, investigators are now studying rTMS for other psychiatric diseases such as schizophrenia. In this study we examined the effect of high frequency rTMS on cognitive function in a group of individuals with early phase psychosis. Twenty subjects were randomized (1:1) in double-blind fashion to rTMS or sham condition. Over two weeks subjects underwent ten sessions of high frequency, bilateral, sequential rTMS targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Prior to beginning and following completion of study treatment, subjects completed a cognitive assessment and magnetic resonance imaging. Subjects receiving rTMS, compared to sham treatment, displayed improvement on a standardized cognitive battery both immediately following the course of study treatment and at follow-up two weeks later. Imaging results revealed that left frontal cortical thickness at baseline was correlated with treatment response. The study treatment was found to be safe and well tolerated. These results suggest that rTMS may hold promise for the treatment of cognitive dysfunction in the early phase of psychosis, and that MRI may provide biomarkers predicting response to the treatment.
Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in reducing impulsivity in borderline personality disorder (TIMBER): Study protocol of a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Impulsivity is a core feature of borderline personality disorder (BPD) and is closely related to suicide risk and destructive and aggressive behaviors. Although transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown its promising effects as an intervention to modulate impulsivity, no study has explored its potential regarding BPD. Methods/design: This is a multicenter, crossover, double-blind study comparing active versus sham tDCS (2 mA, 30 min), applied over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for five consecutive days in 50 BPD patients. Participants will be assessed for impulsivity, depressive symptoms, and suicide risk. The main efficacy criteria on reduction of impulsivity will be the amplitude variation of one specific evoked potential detected by electroencephalography (EEG) during the balloon analogue risk task. Baseline measures will be compared to scores obtained immediately after sessions, then 12 and 30 days later. Discussion: This study investigates the safety and effects of tDCS, which may have a significant impact on impulsivity in patients with BPD and may be useful to reduce risky behaviors. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT03498937. Registered on 17 April 2018.
Association of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treatment With Subgenual Cingulate Hyperactivity in Patients With Major Depressive Disorder: A Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Hyperactivity in the subgenual cingulate cortex (SGC) is associated with major depressive disorder (MDD) and anticorrelated with activity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). This association was found to be predictive of responsiveness to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment. Such findings suggest that DLPFC-SGC connectivity is important for understanding both the therapeutic mechanism of rTMS in patients with MDD and the underlying pathophysiology of MDD. Objective: To evaluate SGC hyperactivity in patients with MDD before and after rTMS treatment. Design, Setting, and Participants: In this diagnostic study, among participants recruited from the adult and geriatric mood and anxiety services at the Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, Ontario, Canada, who had participated in a randomized clinical trial, baseline SGC activity of patients with MDD was compared with healthy controls. In patients with MDD, SGC activity was compared before and after active or sham high-frequency rTMS treatment. Data collection started in July 2008 and concluded in March 2012. Neurophysiological data analysis started in January 2017 and ended in May 2018. Main Outcomes and Measures: Hyperactivity in the SGC before and after rTMS treatment was measured. Subgenual cingulate cortex hyperactivity activity was quantified using significant current density (SCD), and effective connectivity between the left DLPFC and SGC was computed using significant current scattering (SCS). Both measures were computed around TMS evoked potentials standard peak latencies prior to rTMS and after rTMS treatment, comparing patients with MMD treated with active and sham rTMS. Patients with MDD were assessed with the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. Results: Of 121 patients with MDD in the initial trial, 30 (15 [50.0%] women) were compared with 30 healthy controls (15 [50.0%] women) at rTMS treatment baseline. The mean (SD) age of the cohort with MDD was 39.1 (10.9) years, and the mean (SD) age of healthy controls was 37.0 (11.0) years. Following rTMS treatment, 26 patients with MDD who had active rTMS treatment (21.5%) were compared with 17 patients with MDD who had sham treatment (14.0%). At baseline, the SGC mean (SD) SCD and mean (SD) SCS at 200 milliseconds after TMS pulse were higher in participants with MDD compared with healthy controls (SCD: 1.04 × 10-6 [1.41 × 10-6] μA/mm2 vs 3.8 × 10-7 [7.8 × 10-7] μA/mm2; z = -2.95; P = .004; SCS: 0.87 [0.86] mm vs 0.54 [0.87] mm; z = -2.27; P = .02). Baseline source current density was able to classify MDD with 77% accuracy. Scores on the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression were correlated with current density at the SGC (ρ = 0.41; P = .03). After rTMS treatment, SGC mean (SD) SCD and mean (SD) SCS at 200 milliseconds after rTMS pulse were attenuated to approximately the standard TMS-evoked potential latencies in the active rTMS group compared with the sham rTMS group (SCD: 1.57 × 10-7 [3.67 × 10-7] μA/mm2 vs 7.00 × 10-7 [7.51 × 10-7] μA/mm2; z = -2.91; P = .004; SCS: 0.20 [0.44] mm vs 0.74 [0.73] mm; z = -2.78; P = .006). Additionally, the SGC SCS change was correlated with symptom improvement on the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression in the active rTMS group (ρ = 0.58; P = .047). Conclusions and Relevance: The findings of this study further implicate left DLPFC-SGC effective connectivity and SGC excitability in the pathophysiology of MDD and treatment with rTMS. These findings suggest that DLPFC-SGC connectivity may be a marker of rTMS treatment responsiveness. Trial Registration: ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01515215.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression with comorbid anxiety disorders$$$ Background: The presence of comorbid anxiety is generally associated with poorer treatment outcomes in people with depression. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to be effective for treatment resistant depression, but there has been little research examining rTMS in depressed patients with comorbid anxiety disorders. This study aimed to investigate the efficacy of rTMS in patients with treatment resistant Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) and comorbid anxiety disorders. Methods: This study included 248 patients with treatment resistant MDD who were treated with rTMS. Of these, 172 patients had one or more comorbid anxiety disorders, so their outcomes were compared with patients who did not have comorbid anxiety. Results: Patients both with and without comorbid anxiety disorders showed improvement in depression ratings after rTMS treatment, with no significant difference in remission rates between groups. In those with comorbid anxiety disorders, 23.3% met criteria for remission and 39.5% met response criteria. For each anxiety disorder diagnosis, there was a significant reduction in HAM-A, HAM-D21, MADRS and ZUNG scores (p = <0.001 for all). Limitations: This was not a sham-controlled study, so placebo response rates are not known. Patients were referred by private psychiatrists so are not representative of all patients with depression. Conclusion: Our study indicates that rTMS is an effective treatment for Major Depressive Disorder in people who have comorbid anxiety disorders.
Predictors of dropout from a randomized clinical trial of cognitive processing therapy for female veterans with military sexual trauma-related PTSD$$$ Many veterans do not complete evidence-based treatments (EBTs) for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Veterans with military sexual trauma (MST)-related PTSD were shown to have higher than average rates of dropout from PTSD treatment in a national study of EBT implementation. Although predictors of dropout from EBTs have been identified, these factors are largely unmodifiable (e.g., age, service era). The purpose of the present study was to identify dynamic psychosocial predictors of dropout among female veterans from cognitive processing therapy (CPT). Data were utilized from 56 female veterans who participated in a randomized clinical trial investigating the effectiveness of CPT for MST-related PTSD. Dropout was defined continuously (i.e., number of sessions attended) and dichotomously (i.e., attending six or more sessions). Potential predictors included sociodemographic factors, psychotherapist fidelity, PTSD-related service connection, psychiatric symptom severity (i.e., PTSD, depression), trauma-related negative cognitions (about self, self-blame, world), and treatment expectations. Higher trauma-related negative cognitions about self-blame and lower trauma-related negative cognitions about self were protective against dropout. The current study generated testable hypotheses for further research on dynamic predictors of dropout from CPT in female veterans with MST-related PTSD. With replication, results may assist with identifying pre-treatment strategies to reduce dropout in this clinical population.
Chronic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)on sleeping quality and mood status in drug dependent male inpatients during abstinence$$$ Background: Drug abstinence is accompanied by aversive experiences and lasting changes in mood status and worsening sleep quality. This study investigated the potential effects of chronic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)in substance dependent inpatients during abstinence. Methods: This was a double-blinded study with 105 males inpatients dependent on heroin or methamphetamine (average abstinence time was six months). The inpatients were randomly divided into 10 Hz intervention (n = 40), sham stimulation (n = 40)and control (waiting list, no treatment)(n = 25)groups. Five sessions of rTMS stimulation were administrated for six consecutive weeks, reaching a total of 180,000 pulses. There was no intervention for control group. Patients were assessed using the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI), Self-rating Anxiety Scale (SAS)and Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS)were assessed prior to and after six weeks of intervention. Results: The results showed that six weeks of rTMS treatment significantly improved the sleep quality (p < 0.001), alleviated depression (p < 0.001)and anxiety state (p < 0.001)of substance dependent inpatients in early abstinence. Furthermore, the active TMS group showed significant differences between sham and control groups. Conclusion: These findings suggested that chronic rTMS treatment have positive effects for substance dependent inpatients during abstinence. Future studies are required to understand the underlying mechanism for improving different clinical symptoms.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with a low-carbohydrate diet in overweight or obese patients. A randomized controlled trial.$$$ Aims: The present study evaluated the effects of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in combination with a low-carbohydrate diet on body weight, food craving, auto-perception, general health, depression and anxiety, in overweight or obese patients. Methods: Thirty-seven eligible patients were randomly allocated in two groups: rTMS group (low-carbohydrate diet plus rTMS, n = 18) and sham group (low-carbohydrate diet plus sham rTMS, n = 19). A total of 17 rTMS (10 Hz, left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) or sham sessions were applied (10 sessions during two weeks, then, patients received 7 sessions over the next 28 weeks). Patients were evaluated before and after treatment with the following tests: short form 36 health survey (SF-36), food craving inventory, Beck's depression inventory, Beck's anxiety inventory and, body shape questionnaire. Results: In the rTMS-treated group, but not in the sham group, we observed: a reduction in body weight, anxiety, and food craving (P < .001); in the general health survey were improved the aspects of physical functioning, emotional role, and vitality (P < .001), a significant improvement in the body shape questionnaire (P < .001). Conclusion: We conclude that long-term rTMS treatment in combination with a low-carbohydrate diet is a promising approach for the management of overweight and obese patients.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD)is a common and refractory mental disorder. Although antidepressant drugs may be effective for treating MDD, a number of patients do not improve with pharmacologic treatment. Novel therapeutic strategies which are safer and more effective are of great significance in the treatment of MDD. Transcranial direct cranial stimulation (tDCS)is a promising intervention for treating MDD, and it has demonstrated antidepressant effects and beneficial effects on cognitive function. The aim was to assess the efficacy of tDCS as a treatment for MDD. Four databases including PubMed, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), China National Knowledge Infrastructure (CNKI)and Wanfang database were searched for articles related to tDCS and major depression. The mean difference (MD)and 95% confidence interval (CI)were calculated in this study. A significant difference between tDCS compared with the control group in Montgomery-Asberg depression rating scale (MADRS)was found. There was a significant statistical difference between tDCS and the control group in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, 17-items (HDRS-17). This study demonstrated that the intervention of active tDCS was superior to the use of sham tDCS in improving MDD. Furthermore, tDCS might be an effective treatment for MDD.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-Coil or an H1-Coil in treatment of major depressive disorder. A randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is entering widespread use as an evidence-based treatment option for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, comparisons of efficacy between the two FDA-approved rTMS modalities are lacking. The aim was to compare the H1-coil and the figure 8-coil with the controls to assess clinical outcomes in MDD patients. Methods: An industry-independent, randomized-controlled, single-blind trial conducted between December 2016 and January 2018 at the Psychiatric Hospital “Sveti Ivan”, Croatia. A total of 228 MDD patients were randomized to either 20 sessions of H1-coil or 8-coil as an addjunct to standard-of-care pharmacotherapy, or standard-of-care pharmacotherapy alone. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients achieving remission defined as Hamilton depression rating scale (HAM-D17) score ≤ 7 at end-of-treatment at week 4. Results: In the intention-to-treat analysis odds ratio for remission was 1.74 (CI95% 0.79–3.83) in H1-coil compared to the 8-coil group. Remission rate was significantly greater in both HF-rTMS groups compared to the control. Response was significantly better in H1-coil, then in 8-coil group. The HAM-D17 was lowered by 59% in the H1-coil, 41% in the 8-coil, and 17% in the control group. Safety, tolerability, and the changes in quality of life were comparable. Conclusions: The results confirmed the safety and efficacy of both rTMS modalities as adjunctive treatments.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex in major depression modulates resting-state connectivity: Preliminary findings from a sham controlled trial$$$ Introduction: While repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising alternative in treatment resistant depression (TRD) the optimal coil placement and stimulation protocol, as well as its mechanism of action, are still largely unknown. Methods: Here, 20 patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) were randomized to two weeks of two daily sessions of active or sham intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS). The iTBS was applied with 90% of resting foot motor threshold, 1200 pulses/session, two seconds stimulation and eight seconds pause. Stimulation was applied over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC) using neuronavigation and an angled coil for deeper stimulation [1]. Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging was performed one day before treatment onset and again four weeks later. A spherical seed was defined around the target coordinate for treatment within dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC) to assess whole brain functional connectivity. Results: An interaction between treatment condition (sham vs. active) and time (before vs. after iTBS) was observed in the posterior hippocampus, thalamus and calcarine sulcus within the left hemisphere, reflecting increased connectivity in the active treatment group only. Conclusion: The findings suggest that stimulation of the dmPFC and underlying dACC modulates its connectivity with distal subcortical structures and may be an underlying treatment mechanism of iTBS in MDD.
Improved functional brain anomalies after personalized rTMS relative to classical rTMS and tDCS in resistant depression$$$ Introduction: The iADAPT study - Imagery guided Anti-Depressive Adaptive Personalized TMS (NCT02863380) - is a double-blind randomized cross-over study designed to assess the feasibility and efficiency of personalizing rTMS protocol, based on the functional imaging of single subjects, relative to classical rTMS and tDCS. Method: Brain imaging included two kinds of ASL sequences, converted in rCBF, repeated in three different sessions, using different functional paradigms and contrasted to 38 normal controls. The tDCS protocol used an F3 anodal positioning (20 min, 2 mA). Classical rTMS used F3 positioning (3000 pulses, 120%, 10 Hz). Last personalized rTMS was designed to correct the rCBF anomalies. Thirty bilateral targets were planned to cover the reachable parts of the complex regions with abnormal perfusion. Coil positioning used a robotic neuronavigated device. In case of hypo-perfusion, targets were stimulated using the same protocol than HF-rTMS. There were 2 sessions per day for 10 days in each of the 3 conditions (personalized rTMS, classical rTMS, tDCS) Changes in brain perfusion were assessed on rCBF-ASL imaging and changes in connectivity were assessed on the BOLD signal. Results: We report on the first 14 completers. Four patients had significant MRI anomalies (29%). The left prefrontal region was hypo-perfused in 8 subjects (57%), and hyper-perfused in 2 (15%). The right prefrontal region was hypo-perfused in 10 subjects (71%). Six patients remitted (43%) and further 2 of them responded (14%). Quite all remissions (5/6) occurred during or within a week post personalized rTMS. Brain imaging mimicked clinical improvement with perfusion increases in a large fronto-parietal network in the personalized condition (P < 10–3, ext 1 cm3). No significant changes were observed in the two other conditions. Connectivity with the left prefrontal regions increased in the same network. Conclusion: These are preliminary evidences that personalizing rTMS might improve its biological effect and clinical outcome.
Randomized sham-controlled trial of continuous theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (cTBS) in the treatment–resistant obsessive–compulsive disorder$$$ Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a complex disorder with 40 to 60% of patients refractory to treatment. Developing alternatives to classical therapies would be helpful, and neuromodulation techniques offer promising perspectives. Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) has been shown to induce potent and long lasting effects on cortical excitability. Cortical inhibition of supplementary motor area (SMA) with low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) showed clinical benefits in OCD. The aim of the present study is to evaluate therapeutic efficacy and tolerability of continuous TBS (cTBS) over the SMA in treatment-resistant OCD patients using a double blind, sham-controlled design. Methods: Thirty treatment resistant OCD outpatients (15 women and 15 men) were randomized to receive either active cTBS or sham cTBS for 6 weeks (5 sessions per week). Each treatment session consisted of 1800 stimuli at an intensity of 70% of resting motor threshold. Patients were evaluated at baseline, end of treatment (week 6), and follow-up (week 12). Response to treatment was defined as at least 25% decrease on the Yale–Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS). Results: Treatment was well tolerated. However, there was no significant difference decrease in Y-BOCS scores, at baseline, weeks 6 and 12, between active and sham cTBS group. Responder rates were not different between groups at week 6 (cTBS 21% versus sham 36%; P = 0.678) and week 12 (cTBS 29% versus sham 36%; P = 1). Depressive and anxious symptoms improvement was also similar in the two groups. Conclusion: This study is the first controlled trial using cTBS in OCD treatment refractory patients. Our results suggest that the use of cTBS over the SMA is safe but not sufficient to improve OCD symptoms. Further studies are needed to understand why cTBS is less efficient in reducing OCD symptoms compared to rTMS.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as treatment for major depression–analysis of the first technical data from a blind selection of active tDCS sessions$$$ Introduction: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as novel treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), based on clinical pilot studies as well as randomized controlled monocentric trials. Methods: The DepressionDC study investigates efficacy and tolerability of prefrontal tDCS used as an additive therapy to an antidepressant medication (SSRI) as treatment for major depression in a double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled multicenter trial [1]. There is a consensus on parameters like electrical current (1–2 mA) and the critical impedance values are known from safety-studies, but the in vivo stability of these technical parameters over the stimulation period has not been investigated yet. For the DepressionDC study a novel system for recording and monitoring of technical data has been established in order to continuously control tDCS quality and allow posthoc analysis of technical data in conjunction with clinical outcome criteria. Here, we present a blind analysis of the technical data of 280 active tDCS sessions from multiple centers in order to monitor tDCS quality at this stage of the study. The descriptive analysis showed high homogeneity and stability of the technical parameters over the time of the tDCS session in 120 active stimulations from a single center, as well as in 160 active stimulations across different study sites. To determine tDCS-affected brain areas we leveraged the freely available Simnibs 2.0.1. software to develop subject-specific head model based on MRI data and calculate electric fields (and current density) induced by tDCS. Calculating the electric field, the peak electric field strength as well as activation graduation by percentiles in every single subject, revealed stable and homogenous activation patterns in all participants. Online recording of technical parameters across centers and individual e-field modelling for defining tDCS dosage at target sites are promising deliverables from the DepressionDC trial for further clinical applications.
MRI and brain stimulation in common practice: Toward precision medicine$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a validated treatment for patients with depression resistant to antidepressant medication. To a lesser extent, rTMS is considered as a second-line treatment for auditory hallucinations in patients with schizophrenia resistant to antipsychotic medication. However, roughly 50% of patients with resistant depression are not responding to TMS. Thus, finding predictive factors for rTMS response is key to offer personalized treatment to patients. Drysdale et al. [1] have proposed that combining clinical characteristics and functional MRI could lead to the prediction of TMS outcome in patients with depression. However, there is still a limited access to functional MRI in common practice. Structural MRI is an accessible and short duration exam used in common practice for neuronavigation purposes. Methods: We conducted a neuroimaging retrospective study in our center and analyzed structural MRI of patients treated both in open label and randomized trials for resistant depression and hallucinations. We processed structural MRI with FreeSurfer software, which provide an automated segmentation of the brain. All MRI were acquired with the same neuroimaging protocol. We compared both skull and brain anatomical features in patients responding and not responding to rTMS. Results: We here present preliminary results of our study and demonstrate the feasibility of analyzing structural MRI in the context of brain stimulation in common practice. We discuss MRI-based potential factors that could be taken into account to understand rTMS response.
Modulating reward learning with transcranial direct current stimulation: Applications for the treatment of depression$$$ Background: Negative attention biases are thought to be a causal factor in the development and maintenance of depression. It has been proposed that this bias may be caused by a belief that negative events are more informative than positive events. In the present study, it was investigated whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a non-invasive brain stimulation technique, could modulate information content estimates for rewarding and aversive outcomes in healthy adults [1,2]. Methodology: Forty healthy volunteers aged 18–45 participated in one sham and one active tDCS session in randomised order. During each session, participants completed an information bias learning task (IBLT) while receiving tDCS targeting bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for 20 minutes at 2 mA. Information content estimates for positive and negative outcomes were reflected in participants’ learning rates on the IBLT, which were derived from the data with the use of computational models. Results: Active bifrontal tDCS was associated with an increase in learning rates for positive but not negative outcomes on the IBLT (F = 5.47, P < 0.05). These behavioural changes were maintained following cessation of the stimulation. No significant alterations in other computational learning parameters (e.g., choice stochasticity) were observed with neurostimulation, suggesting that the effects of tDCS were specific to learning rates. Conclusion: These findings provide the first experimental evidence that modulating activity in the DLPFC can enhance learning from positive stimuli in healthy adults. This change in learning rates suggests an alteration in participants’ beliefs of how informative positive outcomes are compared to negative outcomes. Additional research is needed to assess whether this effect of tDCS can be harnessed to ameliorate negative attention biases associated with psychiatric disorders. The present results provide an exciting early step in the development of novel interventions for depression.
Once daily versus twice daily theta-burst stimulation in the treatment of major depression disorder$$$ Introduction: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is a well-tolerated, time efficient yet not inferior [1] alternative to conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols in the treatment of major depression disorder (MDD). While the consensus recommendation is 15–30 treatment sessions over a course of 3–6 weeks [2], the ideal stimulation parameters (e.g., number and frequency of stimulation sessions) have yet to be determined. Methods: In this double-blind randomized trial, 26 inpatients diagnosed with MDD were treated with neuronavigated iTBS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on 15 weekdays over the course of three weeks. On each treatment day, patients received either two active iTBS sessions (‘twice-daily’ group, n = 17) or one active and one sham iTBS session (‘once-daily’ group, n = 9). Results: While patients in both groups showed a significant reduction of Hamilton Depression rating scores (HDRS-17), preliminary analyses show a significantly larger decrease in depressive symptoms among patients in the ‘twice-daily’ group (mean = 53%) compared to the ‘once-daily’ group (mean = 37%; F(1,24) = 5.17, P =.032). No increase in side effects was observed in the ‘twice-daily’ compared to the ‘once-daily’ group. Conclusion: These findings suggest that two daily iTBS sessions increase the therapeutic effect of iTBS while being just as well tolerated as one daily session. Future studies should consider whether a twice-daily treatment regimen might be a feasible alternative to a conventional six-week treatment course.
The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left DLPFC on neuropsychological function in women with depression$$$ Objective: Depressed patients more suffer from the shortcomings of neuropsychological than normal individuals. Therefore, to address depression and identifying effective treatments, it is important to reduce. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effectiveness of rTMS therapy on reducing depression and neuropsychological functioning in depressed women. Methods: This research is an application of semi-experimental that Performed on women 20 to 50 years with depressive disorder. In this study, 30 women who had a diagnosis of depression were selected by random sampling method and were divided into experimental and control groups. Then were taken the pre-test from both groups. The data collection instrument was DASS questionnaire, Stroop test and continuous Performance Test. 10 sessions of rTMS for the experimental group were performed. After 5 weeks Posttest was performed. The data were analyzed using Multivariate Analysis of Variance. Results: The analysis showed that rTMS therapy has a significantly effect on reduced depression and improved neuropsychological function. Conclusion: According to the results, rTMS therapy can help improve the psychological status of patients with reducing depression and improve neuropsychological function in women with depression.
New avenues in brain stimulation treatments for major depression: Efficacy, acceptability, and translation of novel treatments into clinical practice$$$ In current perspectives on non-invasive brain stimulation techniques for mental disorders novel stimulation techniques, modalities, and increasingly also combinations with other treatment approaches play a key role. The limited efficacy and often unfavourable side effect profile of antidepressant medications—currently the most frequently used approach to treat depression—calls for additional treatment options. Several new nonpharmacological treatment alternatives have been proposed. However, the translation of these alternatives into treatment practice has been proceeding at a slower rate. The present symposium is therefore organized around three central aims: – to present results of the comparative efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation techniques for the treatment of major depressive disorder and bipolar depression and; – to provide insights regarding the difficulty of translating cutting edge research findings into clinical practice. For instance, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been found to be efficacious in treatment of depression, and yet its availability in Europe remains limited. We will discuss potential means for improving the availability of TMS at the European level and how the characteristics (e.g. high treatment resistance) of patients enrolled in randomized controlled trials may affect efficacy estimates; – we will discuss the use of cognitive training to improve cognitive functions in depression and a rationale to combine it with non-invasive brain stimulation. Depression leads to persistent cognitive impairments in up to 50% of patients, resulting in problems in everyday life. To date it is unknown which factors determine the persistence of cognitive problems and there is no state-of-the-art treatment in either acute or remitted depression.
State of the art and future perspectives on the use of non-invasive neuromodulation in peripartum psychiatric disorders$$$ Brief Introduction–Perinatal mental illness–diagnosis, etiology, treatment options, dilemas, case report presentation: Perinatal mental illness is a significant complication of pregnancy and the postpartum period. These disorders include depression, anxiety disorders and postpartum psychosis. Perinatal depression and anxiety are the most common. Their occurrence has complex psychological, environmental and biological underpinnings. Perinatal psychiatric disorders impair a woman's function and are associated with suboptimal development of her offspring. Currently available treatment options have many limitations regarding safety and efficacy. There is a need to establish new treatment tools in this special group of patients. Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in decreasing postnatal depression symptoms: a systematic review. Non-pharmacological interventions, such as repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS; a non-invasive brain stimulation technique), are attractive options for women concerned with infant exposure to medication during the breastfeeding period, combining efficacy with low risk. rTMS is an approved treatment for Major Depression Disorder by the Food and Drug Administration (USA), and previous systematic reviews support its efficacy as a stand-alone or add-on procedure to accelerate responsiveness to SSRI's (Wang, 2017), suggesting the scale-up of this intervention to the Postnatal depression disorder (PND). As of now, results concerning its application in postnatal depression come from two open label, one Randomized Controlled Trail (RCT) and one case report. Reliable evidence concerning whether rTMS is indeed effective in treating postnatal depression is lacking. Here, we will present a systematic review that gathers the available information concerning rTMS clinical significance in treating postnatal depression, and establish the direction for needed future studies. Transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment of depression during pregnancy: Six pregnant women (mean 32 years) with major depressive disorder (mean HAMD 22.5, mean BDI 26 at baseline) were treated with a two-step tDCS regimen: Two weeks of twice daily tDCS (30 min, 2 mA, anode F3–cathode F4 electrode position) and an optional elongation phase of two weeks with one stimulation per day. Four patients completed the whole study, two patients quitted after two weeks. All patients showed a marked improvement of depression. After two weeks of treatment, patients (n = 6) showed a mean HAMD reduction of 9 points or 37%, including two patients fulfilling response criteria. For BDI ratings, patients showed a mean reduction of 15 points or 54%, 3 achieved response, and one achieved remission. Patients who completed the whole study (n = 4) had a mean HAMD reduction of 17 points or 76%, three achieved response, and one achieved remission. In BDI ratings these patients showed a mean reduction of 17 points or 60%, two achieved response, and one achieved remission. TDCS was well tolerated and there were no adverse effects or serious events related to stimulation. Prevalence and incidence of perinatal depression, anxiety and obsessive-compulsive disorder in Portuguese women: Following a categorical and dimensional approach, we will present new epidemiological data on perinatal depression, anxiety and obsessive-compulsive disorders in a population-based cohort of Portuguese women (mean age = 32.75 ± 4.721). The sample sizes range from 300 to 600 subjects depending on the diagnostic/screening instruments used at different stages of this study. Specifically, we will present: – estimates of prevalence of postpartum major depression (n = 475), anxiety disorders (n = 350) and OCD (n = 350) according to the DSM-5 diagnostic criteria, using the Diagnostic Interview for Psychological Distress-Postpartum (DIPD-PP); – proportions of caseness (prevalence and incidence) of clinical significant depressive (n = 600), anxiety (n = 300) and OC symptoms (n = 300) in the second trimester of pregnancy and in the 3rd to 6th months postpartum, according to their scores on the Portuguese versions of the Postpartum/Perinatal Depression Screening Scale, Perinatal Anxiety Screening Scale and Perinatal Obsessive Compulsive Scale. New psychometric and operative parameters of these screening questionnaires will also be presented, as well as relevant correlates and risk-factors of the psychological distress variables measured by these instruments. Perinatal OCD–can rTMS be an answer?: A growing body of literature suggests that obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is common in pregnancy and puerperium with risks of persisting consequences for both the mother and her child if untreated. Moreover, OCD is challenging to treat especially in the perinatal period. The extreme responsibility that characterizes OCD patients leads women in the perinatal period, often experiencing obsessions involving the safety of the foetus to a preference of non-pharmacological approaches. However, cognitive-behavioural psychotherapy drop-out rate is high due to time management difficulties especially in exposure and response prevention tasks involving family members or in family environment. One potential treatment alternative to antidepressants for pregnant and postpartum women with OCD is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). rTMS has proven to be effective in OCD symptoms and the its non-pharmacologic nature eliminates concerns about foetal exposure to the potential risks of psychotropic medications. However, the absolute number of pregnancies exposed to TMS remains small and evidence regarding its efficacy in women with perinatal OCD is limited. In this presentation we will discuss treatment challenges of perinatal OCD, the potential benefits of a rTMS based approach and present a rTMS protocol designed to treat OCD in the perinatal period.
3rd European Conference on Brain Stimulation in Psychiatry - From Mechanism to Medicine$$$ The proceedings contains 59 papers. The topics discussed include: New insights into precision medicine and target engagement in neuromodulation depression treatments;State of the art and future perspectives on the use of non-invasive neuromodulation in peripartum psychiatric disorders;The road towards personalized medicine: Increasing the effects of brain stimulation using individual characteristics;Brain stimulation for psychiatric disorders: Insight from animal models;Current challenges for tDCS and rTMS in depression;Neurostimulation for depression: Evidence from preclinical models;Brain stimulation in elderly patients;NIBS in addiction: Neurobiological mechanisms and clinical outcomes;Transcranial direct current stimulation for auditory hallucinations: Evidence from clinical and neurophysiological studies;New avenues in brain stimulation treatments for major depression: Efficacy, acceptability, and translation of novel treatments into clinical practice;Non-invasive neuromodulation in OCD: A clinical perspective;The cognitive neuropsychological model of depression;Neurocognitive mechanisms of prefrontal stimulation;Know your targets: Informing NIBS applications in psychiatry by neurocomputational models of behavioral control;There's more to function than resting state neuroimaging: Cognition is key for developing stimulation therapeutics;The psychiatric neuromodulation unit: Implementation and management;?omparative efficiency of rTMS in combined treatment of pharmaco-resistant depression;Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using a figure-8-Coil or an H1-Coil in treatment of major depressive disorder. A randomized clinical trial;Cathodal tDCS enhances extinction-based procedures;Cathodal tDCS impacts the fear network activity and connectivity patterns during a therapy-like extinction session;Inverse effects of tDCS over the left versus right DLPC on emotional processing: A pupillometry study;Effects of High Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (HF-rTMS) on Delay Discounting in Major Depressive Disorder;The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left DLPFC on neuropsychological function in women with depression
Impact of fatigue on rheumatic diseases$$$ Fatigue is a common, disabling, and difficult-to-manage problem in rheumatic diseases. The concept of fatigue is difficult to define. No clear and widely accepted definition of fatigue is available. The symptoms of fatigue are defined as an overwhelming, debilitating, and sustained sense of exhaustion that decreases the ability to function and carry out daily activities. Prevalence estimates of fatigue within musculoskeletal diseases vary considerably (35%–82%). In this review, we present data about the role of fatigue for the patients’ quality of life, tools for diagnosing fatigue, factors contributing to fatigue like disease activity and psychological factors, and some experimental studies to verify the biological background of fatigue. Management of fatigue including pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment is also part of this publication. Overall data are scarce for fatigue in rheumatic diseases, and further studies are warranted to identify the role of biological mechanism such as inflammation, hormonal changes, and autonomic nervous system in the pathogenesis of fatigue.
Effects of Left Versus Right Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Affective Flexibility in Healthy Women: A Pilot Study$$$ Objective: To determine the antidepressant mechanism of action for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in healthy women. Our primary hypothesis was that a single session of left DLPFC rTMS, compared with a session of right DLPFC rTMS, would result in better (reduced) negative nonaffective switch costs in healthy women. Background: The antidepressant mechanism of action for rTMS is not clear. It is possible that rTMS to the DLPFC improves emotion regulation, which could be a part of its antidepressant mechanism. Methods: Twenty-five healthy women were randomized to receive left high-frequency (HF) rTMS versus right HF rTMS in one session and then contralateral stimulation during a second session. Emotion regulation was assessed via switch costs for reappraisal of negatively valenced information on an affective flexibility task. Results: For negative nonaffective switch costs, the interaction effect in the two-way ANOVA was not significant (F1,19=3.053, P=0.097). Given that left HF rTMS is the approved treatment for depression, post hoc t tests were completed with particular interest in the left-side findings. These tests confirmed that negative nonaffective switch costs significantly improved immediately after left rTMS (t1,19=2.664, P=0.015) but not right rTMS. Conclusions: These findings suggest that left DLPFC HF rTMS may lead to antidepressant effects by improving the regulation of emotion.
Lurasidone in the treatment of schizophrenia: Results of a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in Asian patients$$$ Introduction: To evaluate efficacy and safety of lurasidone for the treatment of Asian patients with schizophrenia. Methods: Patients with schizophrenia from Japan, South Korea, Malaysia, and Taiwan were randomly assigned to 6 weeks of double-blind treatment with 40 or 80 mg/d of lurasidone or placebo. The primary efficacy measure was change from baseline to week 6 on the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) total score. Efficacy was evaluated using a mixed-model repeated-measures (MMRM) analysis in the modified intention-to-treat (mITT) population. Results: On the basis of the analysis for the mITT population, the estimated difference score for lurasidone 40 and 80 mg/d vs placebo was −4.8 (P = 0.050) and −4.2 (P = 0.080). For the full intention-to-treat (ITT) population, the difference score for lurasidone 40 and 80 mg/d vs placebo was −5.8 (P = 0.017) and −4.2 (P = 0.043). The most frequent adverse events in the lurasidone 40 and 80 mg/d and placebo groups, respectively, were akathisia (7.3%, 10.4%, 3.3%), somnolence (6.0%, 2.6%, 0.7%), and vomiting (6.0%, 5.8%, 2.0%). The proportion of patients experiencing clinically significant weight gain (≥7%) was 5.3% for lurasidone 40 mg/d, 1.3% for 80 mg/d, and 1.4% for placebo. End point changes in metabolic parameters and prolactin were comparable for both lurasidone groups and placebo. Conclusions: In the ITT (but not the mITT) population, treatment with lurasidone was associated with significant improvement in the PANSS total score in patients with schizophrenia. Lurasidone was generally well tolerated with minimal impact on weight and metabolic parameters.
Unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant late-life depression$$$ Background: The management of late-life depression is challenged by high rates of treatment-resistance and adverse effects, along with medical comorbidities and polypharmacy. Together with the limited data on managing treatment-resistant depression in older adults, there is a need for investigating the efficacy of nonpharmacological treatment strategies. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is one modality that may better serve this patient population. Methods: The present study examines data from two previous clinical trials (NCT00305045 and NCT01515215) to explore the efficacy of bilateral and unilateral high-frequency left-sided (HFL) rTMS in older adults suffering from treatment-resistant depression. A total of 43 adults aged 60 or older with a current major depressive episode were randomized to bilateral sequential, unilateral HFL, or sham. Bilateral sequential stimulation involved low-frequency (1 Hz) right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) stimulation followed immediately by high-frequency (10 Hz) left DLPFC. The unilateral condition was HFL stimulation alone, and the placebo condition was either HFL or sequential bilateral form of sham. The primary outcome was remission of depression. Results: Participants receiving bilateral rTMS experienced greater remission rates (40%) compared with unilateral (0%) or sham (0%) groups. Response to rTMS in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores similarly favored the efficacy of bilateral rTMS. Conclusion: This study suggests that sequential bilateral treatment may be an optimal form of rTMS when used for treatment-resistant depression in older adults. Further large-scale comparative effectiveness trials of bilateral rTMS in this population are warranted.
Superolateral medial forebrain bundle deep brain stimulation in major depression: a gateway trial$$$ Short- and long-term antidepressant effects of deep brain stimulation (DBS) in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) have been demonstrated for several brain targets in open-label studies. For two stimulation targets, pivotal randomized trials have been conducted; both failed a futility analysis. We assessed efficacy and safety of DBS of the supero-lateral branch of the medial forebrain bundle (slMFB) in a small Phase I clinical study with a randomized-controlled onset of stimulation in order to obtain data for the planning of a large RCT. Sixteen patients suffering from TRD received DBS of the slMFB and were randomized to sham or real stimulation for the duration of 2 months after implantation. Primary outcome measure was mean reduction in Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) during 12 months of DBS (timeline analysis). Secondary outcomes were the difference in several clinical measures between sham and real stimulation at 8 weeks and during stimulation phases. MADRS ratings decreased significantly from 29.6 (SD +/− 4) at baseline to 12.9 (SD +/− 9) during 12 months of DBS (mean MADRS, n = 16). All patients reached the response criterion, most patients (n = 10) responded within a week; 50% of patients were classified as remitters after 1 year of stimulation. The most frequent side effect was transient strabismus. Both groups (active/sham) demonstrated an antidepressant micro-lesioning effect but patients had an additional antidepressant effect after initiation of stimulation. Both rapid onset and stability of the antidepressant effects of slMFB-DBS were demonstrated as in our previous pilot study. Given recent experiences from pivotal trials in DBS for MDD, we believe that slow, careful, and adaptive study development is germane. After our exploratory study and a large-scale study, we conducted this gateway trial in order to better inform planning of the latter. Important aspects for the planning of RCTs in the field of DBS for severe and chronic diseases are discussed including meaningful phases of intra-individual and between-group comparisons and timeline instead of single endpoint analyses.
Ketamine versus midazolam for depression relapse prevention following successful electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled pilot trial$$$ Objective Depression relapse after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is common (40% at 6 months). Ketamine has a robust antidepressant effect, but there are no reported studies of ketamine for depression relapse prevention. This pilot trial (NCT02414932) was designed to assess feasibility of the proposed trial protocol, including examining reasons for nonrecruitment, nonrandomization, and dropout. Methods Patients with unipolar depression referred for ECT were monitored weekly for therapeutic response, using the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (monitoring phase). Those who met standard response criteria were invited to be randomized to a course of 4 once-weekly infusions of ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) or the active comparator, midazolam (0.045 mg/kg), over 40 minutes to examine trial processes (treatment phase). Participants were followed up for 6 months after ECT to assess for relapse. Results One hundred seventy-five referrals were screened over 18 months, and 68% of eligible participants (n = 43) were recruited to the monitoring phase; 60.5% of participants met ECT response criteria (n = 26), but only 26% (6) of these consented to take part in the treatment phase. These were randomized (3 to ketamine and 3 to midazolam), and no participant completed the 4-week treatment protocol. Information was gathered on reasons for nonrecruitment, nonrandomization, and dropout, which included practical aspects of infusions and lack of interest in further treatment after response to ECT. Conclusions The proposed treatment protocol is not suitable for a definitive trial in our center. Information collected on reasons for dropout may inform future clinical trials of intravenous ketamine. Trial registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov NCT02414932.
Depressive disorders: Treatment failures and poor prognosis over the last 50 years$$$ Depression like many diseases is pleiotropic but unlike cancer and Alzheimer's disease for example, is still largely stigmatized and falls into the dark shadows of human illness. The failure of depression to be in the spotlight for successful treatment options is inherent in the complexity of the disease(s), flawed clinical diagnosis, overgeneralization of the illness, inadequate and biased clinical trial design, restrictive and biased inclusion/exclusion criteria, lack of approved/robust biomarkers, expensive imaging technology along with few advances in neurobiological hypotheses in decades. Clinical trial studies summitted to the regulatory agencies (FDA/EMA) for approval, have continually failed to show significant differences between active and placebo. For decades, we have acknowledged this failure, despite vigorous debated by all stakeholders to provide adequate answers to this escalating problem, with only a few new antidepressants approved in the last 20 years with equivocal efficacy, little improvement in side effects or onset of efficacy. It is also clear that funding and initiatives for mental illness lags far behind other life-treating diseases. Thus, it is no surprise we have not achieved much success in the last 50 years in treating depression, but we are accountable for the many failures and suboptimal treatment. This review will therefore critically address where we have failed and how future advances in medical science offers a glimmer of light for the patient and aid our future understanding of the neurobiology and pathophysiology of the disease, enabling transformative therapies for the treatment of depressive disorders.
Lithium for acute mania$$$ Background Bipolar disorder is a common condition associated with high morbidity; developing efficacious, safe treatments is therefore essential. Lithium is an effective maintenance treatment for bipolar disorder. It acts as mood stabiliser and reduces the risk of suicide. However, evidence assessing the efficacy of lithium in the treatment of acute mania is less robust. Current evidence-based guidelines cite multiple anti-dopaminergic and mood-stabilising agents as initial treatments: more definite evidence is needed to decide if lithium should be the first-line therapy. Objectives 1. To assess the effects of lithium in comparison with placebo or other active treatment in alleviating the acute symptoms of a manic or mixed episode in people with bipolar disorder. 2. To review the acceptability and tolerability of treatment with lithium in comparison with placebo or other active treatments in alleviating the acute symptoms of a manic or mixed episode in people with bipolar disorder. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Common Mental Disorders Controlled Trials Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, and PsycINFO. We also searched the World Health Organization trials portal (ICTRP) and ClinicalTrials.gov. We checked the reference lists of all included studies and relevant systematic reviews. We have incorporated studies from searches to 18 May 2018 into the current analyses. Selection criteria Prospective randomised controlled studies comparing lithium with placebo or alternative drug treatment in treatment of acute mania. We included anyone with bipolar disorder, male and female, of any age. Data collection and analysis At least two review authors independently extracted data and assessed methodological quality. We used odds ratios (ORs) to analyse binary efficacy outcomes, and mean differences (MDs) or standardised mean differences (SMDs) for continuously distributed outcomes. We used a fixed-effect model unless heterogeneity was moderate or substantial, in which case we used a random-effects model. We used Review Manager 5 to analyse data. We assessed the certainty of evidence for individual outcomes using the GRADE approach. Main results We found 36 randomised controlled studies comparing lithium with placebo, one of 12 drugs, or electroconvulsive therapy for treatment of acute mania. Studies included male and female participants (n = 4220), of all ages, who all fitted criteria for a manic episode within the context of a diagnosis of bipolar disorder. Risk of bias was variable; 12 studies had a high risk of bias in one domain and 27 gave inadequate information on randomisation leading to an ’unclear’ rating for selection bias. Lithium versus placebo High-certainty evidence found that lithium was an effective treatment for acute mania and was more effective than placebo at inducing a response (OR 2.13, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.73 to 2.63; participants = 1707; studies = 6; I2 = 16%; high-certainty evidence), or remission (OR 2.16, 95% CI 1.73 to 2.69; participants = 1597; studies = 5; I2 = 21%; high-certainty evidence). Lithium was more likely than placebo to cause tremor (OR 3.25, 95% CI 2.10 to 5.04; participants = 1241; studies = 6; I2 = 0%; high-certainty evidence), and somnolence (OR 2.28, 95% CI 1.46 to 3.58; participants = 1351; studies = 7; I2 = 0%; high-certainty evidence). There was insufficient evidence to determine the effect of lithium for all-cause dropouts (OR 0.76; 95% CI 0.46 to 1.25; participants = 1353; studies = 7; I2 = 75%; moderate-certainty evidence), and weight gain (OR 1.48, 95% CI 0.56 to 3.92; participants = 735, studies = 3; I2 = 51%; moderate-certainty evidence). Lithium versus antipsychotics or mood stabilisers For the outcome of inducing a response, there was only very low-certainty evidence regarding lithium compared to haloperidol (MD −2.40, 95% CI −6.31 to 1.50; participants = 80; studies = 3; I2 = 95%), quetiapine (OR 0.66, 95% CI 0.28 to 1.55; participants = 335; studies = 2; I2 = 71%), and carbamazepine (SMD 0.21, 95% CI −0.18 to 0.60; participants = 102; studies = 3; I2 = 0%). Lithium was probably less likely to induce a response than olanzapine (OR 0.44, 95% CI 0.20 to 0.94; participants = 180; studies = 2; I2 = 0%; moderate-certainty evidence). Lithium may be less likely to induce a response than risperidone (MD 7.28, 95% CI 5.22 to 9.34; participants = 241; studies = 3; I2 = 49%; low-certainty evidence). There was no evidence of a difference between lithium and valproate (OR 1.22, 95% CI 0.87 to 1.70; participants = 607; studies = 5; I2 = 22%; moderate-certainty evidence). There was moderate-certainty evidence that lithium was more effective than topiramate at treating acute mania (OR 2.28, 95% CI 1.63 to 3.20; participants = 660; studies = 1). Data on adverse events for these comparisons contained too few studies to provide high-certainty evidence. Authors’ conclusions This systematic review indicates that lithium is more effective than placebo as a treatment for acute mania but increases the risk for somnolence and tremor. Limited evidence suggests little or no difference between lithium and other mood stabilisers (valproate, carbamazepine) or antipsychotics (risperidone, quetiapine, haloperidol). Olanzapine may be an exception, as it is probably slightly more effective than lithium. There is uncertain evidence that risperidone may also be more effective than lithium. Lithium is probably more effective at treating acute mania than topiramate. When compared to placebo, lithium was more likely to cause adverse events. However, when compared to other drugs, too few studies provided data on adverse effects to provide high-certainty evidence. More, rigorously designed, large-scale studies are needed to definitively conclude if lithium is superior to other interventions in treating acute mania.
Effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with failed back surgery syndrome$$$ Background: Failed back surgery syndrome (FBSS) is the term of persistent back and/or leg pain after lumbar surgery (1). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (r-TMS) is a technique that allows non-invasive and relatively painless stimulation of cerebral cortex. It can reduce the experience of chronic pain by using magnetic field to produce small electrical currents in the cortex (2). Objectives: The aim of this study is to determine the effectiveness of r-TMS treatment on patients with FBSS. Methods: In this double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial, 20 patients (aged 34-65 years) clinically diagnosed as FBSS, who had a history of surgery for lumbar disk herniation with persistent back and leg pain. Only patients with no root compression in postoperative magnetic resonance imaging of lumbar spine were included. Patients were randomly assigned to r-TMS (n:10) and sham (n:10) groups. Patients in r-TMS group received 5 Hz of r-TMS, as a 20-min (1000 pulses) daily session, 5 days per weeks, for a total of 10 sessions. R-TMS applied with MagVenture device (MagPro X100, Denmark, 2009) and figure eight coil (MMC 140 parabolic, MagVenture). Control group received sham r-TMS with the same protocol. Patients were assessed before and after the 1st and 5th sessions, at the end of the treatment and at 2 weeks, 1 month and 3 months after treatment. Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), DN-4, Oswestry Disability Index (ODI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) were used for evaluation. Results: There were no statistically significant differences between the groups for age, sex, number of surgery, pain duration, working status and drug usage. Significant improvements were achieved in DN4, ODI, BDI and PSQI scores in r- TMS group in comparison to sham group. Both groups displayed improvements in VAS scores while improvement in the sham group was limited to first month. Achieved improvements in r-TMS group in terms of VAS, DN4, ODI, BDI and PSQI scores were sustained at third month. Conclusion: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation might be an effective treatment alternative in patients with FBSS, further studies with larger groups are needed.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for affective symptoms and functioning in chronic low back pain: A pilot double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background and Objective. Chronic low back pain (CLBP) is highly prevalent, with a substantial psychosocial burden. Pain has both sensory and affective components. The latter component is a significant driver of disability and psychiatric comorbidity but is often inadequately treated. Previously we reported that noninvasive transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may modulate pain-associated affective distress. Here we tested whether 10 daily tDCS sessions aimed to inhibit the left dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC), a region strongly implicated in the affective component of pain, would produce selective reduction in pain-related symptoms. Methods. In this multisite, double-blinded, randomized placebo-controlled trial (RCT), 21 CLBP patients received 10 weekday sessions of 2-mA active tDCS or sham (20 minutes/session). A cathodal electrode was placed over FC1 (10–20 electroencephalography coordinates), and an identical anodal return electrode was placed over the contralateral mastoid. Participants rated pain intensity, acceptance, interference, disability, and anxiety, plus general anxiety and depression. Results. Regression analysis noted significantly less pain interference (P =0.002), pain disability (P =0.001), and depression symptoms (P =0.003) at six-week follow-up for active tDCS vs sham. Omnibus tests suggested that these improvements were not merely due to baseline (day 1) group differences. Conclusions. To our knowledge, this is the first double-blinded RCT of multiple tDCS sessions targeting the left dACC to modulate CLBP’s affective symptoms. Results are encouraging, including several possible tDCS-associated improvements. Better-powered RCTs are needed to confirm these effects. Future studies should also consider different stimulation schedules, additional cortical targets, high-density multi-electrode tDCS arrays, and multimodal approaches.
Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation attenuates depressive and anxiety symptoms associated with obesity$$$ The association between obesity and psychological distress has been widely demonstrated. Systematic reviews have highlighted the bidirectional nature of this relationship. Strategies aimed at improving dopamine function may be beneficial in the treatment of both obesity and the associated psychological symptoms. Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (dTMS) has been demonstrated capable of inducing satiety and body weight loss in obesity, through modulation of dopaminergic system. Aim of this study was to evaluate possible beneficial effects of a 5-week dTMS treatment on psychological conditions in obesity. A total of 33 obese patients (9 males, 24 females, age 48.1±10.6 years, BMI 36.9±4.7 Kg/m2) were randomized and completed the study: 13 obese subjects underwent a 5-week treatment with high-frequency (HF) dTMS (18 Hz), 10 were treated with low-frequency (LF) dTMS (1 Hz), and 10 were Sham-treated. Depressive symptoms [Zung Self-Rating Depression Scale (SDS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI)], state [State-Trait Anxiety Inventory (STAI-1)] and trait anxiety (STAI-2), impulsiveness [Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS)] were evaluated at baseline and at the end of 15 dTMS sessions. After 5 weeks, a significant weight loss was found in HF vs. LF and vs. sham (p=0.001). In the same group, a significant decrease in both Zung SDS (37.3±4.2 vs. 26.7±5.4, p=0.049 vs. baseline; p=0.036 vs. Sham) and BDI scores (4.8±4.1 vs. 2.6±2.5, p=0.019 vs. baseline) was found. In HF, state (37.1±7.9 vs. 32.4, p=0.024) and trait anxiety (35.6±10.5 vs. 30.1±7.8, p=0.016), and impulsiveness (55.6±9.3 vs. 51.6±8.4, p=0.021) scores significantly decreased compared to baseline. Weight loss over 5 weeks of dTMS treatment was associated with psychological benefit; the improvement of psychological conditions in obese subjects has been hypothesized to be due to a direct effect of HF dTMS, as well as a weight loss secondary result. The reduction of impulsivity could concur to a greater control of food craving in HF.
Psychiatric profile and quality of life in subjects with excess weight treated with transcranial direct current stimulation combined with hypocaloric diet$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) may reduce appetite and caloric intake. However, it is used as an adjunct treatment for depression by stimulation of the left DLPFC. As a result, its safety in mental health and its impact on quality of life of subjects with excess weight needs to be addressed. Objective: To assess the effect of repeated tDCS of the right DLPFC on mood, daytime sleepiness, anxiety and quality of life in subjects with excessive weight on a hypocaloric diet. Methods: We randomly assigned 28 participants to receive 20 sessions of active or sham tDCS for 20 consecutive weekdays. Anode and cathode electrodes were respectively placed on the right and left DLPFC. The Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), a daytime sleepiness questionnaire (DSQ), State-Trait Anxiety Inventory-State (STAI-S) and the 36-Item Short Form Health Survey (SF-36) were administered before (t ) and after (t ) the intervention period. Results: There were no statistically significant changes in BDI, DSQ, STAI-S and SF-36 subscales between the groups throughout the study (Figure 1A and 1B). Conclusion: The absence of significant changes in the scales suggests that tDCS is not associated with impairment in mental health and quality of life in this population.
Interventions for visual field defects in people with stroke$$$ Background Visual field defects are estimated to affect 20% to 57% of people who have had a stroke. Visual field defects can affect functional ability in activities of daily living (commonly affectingmobility, reading and driving), quality of life, ability to participate in rehabilitation, and depression and anxiety following stroke. There are many interventions for visual field defects, which are proposed to work by restoring the visual field (restitution); compensating for the visual field defect by changing behaviour or activity (compensation); substituting for the visual field defect by using a device or extraneous modification (substitution); or ensuring appropriate diagnosis, referral and treatment prescription through standardised assessment or screening, or both. Objectives To determine the effects of interventions for people with visual field defects after stroke. Search methods We searched the Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register, the Cochrane Eyes and Vision Group Trials Register, CENTRAL,MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, AMED, PsycINFO, and PDQT Databse, and clinical trials databases, including ClinicalTrials.gov and WHO Clinical Trials Registry, to May 2018. We also searched reference lists and trials registers, handsearched journals and conference proceedings, and contacted experts. Selection criteria Randomised trials in adults after stroke, where the intervention was specifically targeted at improving the visual field defect or improving the ability of the participant to cope with the visual field loss. The primary outcome was functional ability in activities of daily living and secondary outcomes included functional ability in extended activities of daily living, reading ability, visual field measures, balance, falls, depression and anxiety, discharge destination or residence after stroke, quality of life and social isolation, visual scanning, adverse events, and death. Data collection and analysis Two reviewauthors independently screened abstracts, extracted data and appraised trials.We undertook an assessment ofmethodological quality for allocation concealment, blinding of outcome assessors, method of dealing with missing data, and other potential sources of bias. We assessed the quality of evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach. Main results Twenty studies (732 randomised participants, with data for 547 participants with stroke) met the inclusion criteria for this review. However, only 10 of these studies compared the effect of an intervention with a placebo, control, or no treatment group, and eight had data which could be included in meta-analyses. Only two of these eight studies presented data relating to our primary outcome of functional abilities in activities of daily living. One study reported evidence relating to adverse events. Three studies (88 participants) compared a restitutive intervention with a control, but data were only available for one study (19 participants). There was very low-quality evidence that visual restitution therapy had no effect on visual field outcomes, and a statistically significant effect on quality of life, but limitations with these data mean that there is insufficient evidence to draw any conclusions about the effectiveness of restitutive interventions as compared to control. Four studies (193 participants) compared the effect of scanning (compensatory) training with a control or placebo intervention. There was low-quality evidence that scanning training was more beneficial than control or placebo on quality of life, measured using the Visual Function Questionnaire (VFQ-25) (two studies, 96 participants, mean difference (MD) 9.36, 95% confidence interval (CI) 3.10 to 15.62). However, there was low or very-low quality evidence of no effect on measures of visual field, extended activities of daily living, reading, and scanning ability. There was low-quality evidence of no significant increase in adverse events in people doing scanning training, as compared to no treatment. Three studies (166 participants) compared a substitutive intervention (a type of prism) with a control. There was low or very-low quality evidence that prisms did not have an effect on measures of activities of daily living, extended activities of daily living, reading, falls, or quality of life, and very low-quality evidence that they may have an effect on scanning ability (one study, 39 participants, MD 9.80, 95% CI 1.91 to 17.69). There was low-quality evidence of an increased odds of an adverse event (primarily headache) in people wearing prisms, as compared to no treatment. One study (39 participants) compared the effect of assessment by an orthoptist to standard care (no assessment) and found very lowquality evidence that there was no effect on measures of activities of daily living. Due to the quality and quantity of evidence, we remain uncertain about the benefits of assessment interventions. Authors' conclusions There is a lack of evidence relating to the effect of interventions on our primary outcome of functional ability in activities of daily living. There is limited low-quality evidence that compensatory scanning training may be more beneficial than placebo or control at improving quality of life, but not other outcomes. There is insufficient evidence to reach any generalised conclusions about the effect of restitutive interventions or substitutive interventions (prisms) as compared to placebo, control, or no treatment. There is low-quality evidence that prisms may cause minor adverse events.
Theta-Burst Stimulation in Major Depression: Clinical and Neuroimaging Results$$$ Background: For therapeutic rTMS, there have been recent advances in developing new stimulation protocols that may offer more rapid, more robust, or more cost-effective treatment compared to conventional protocols. Methods: Here we will review clinical and neuroimaging findings emerging from a series of randomized controlled trials using 3-minute intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) protocols for major depression, including a non-inferiority study comparing iTBS to 37.5 min conventional stimulation (the THREE-D trial), and a more recently completed study comparing trajectories of outcome for twice-daily iTBS delivered either at a 0 minute or a 60-minute interval. Results: Clinical results suggest that 3 min iTBS sessions match the efficacy of conventional 37.5 min 10 Hz sessions for treating major depression, and that 2 sessions of iTBS may accelerate the trajectory of improvement for a subset of patients when given at a 60-minute interval but not with a 0-minute interval. Neuroimaging predictors and correlates of improvement implicate the salience network (SN), although the specific regions appear to be distinctly different for theta-burst than for 10 Hz rTMS, despite the similar clinical outcomes for these two treatments. Conclusions: Theta-burst treatments appear non-inferior in efficacy to conventional rTMS protocols and offer shorter session duration, greater cost-effectiveness, and the potential to facilitate multi-site or multi-session daily regimens. These implications may enhance both the remission rates and the accessibility of rTMS in routine clinical practice. Funding Source: Canadian Institutes of Health Research Keywords: rTMS, Theta Burst,fMRI.
Neurophysiological Data Improves the Prediction of Treatment Outcome in Older Adults With Depression$$$ Background: Non-response to antidepressant treatment is a common problem in older adults with depression. Treatment decisions stand to benefit from the use of objective, brain-based measures in predictive models. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can non-invasively probe numerous physiological characteristics of the human cortex, yet the ability of these characteristics to predict treatment outcome remains unknown. Methods: TMS measures of cortical excitability, inhibition and plasticity were collected, together with demographic and clinical data, in 76 older adults with depression (27M/49F, 67±7 years of age) prior to 12 weeks of venlafaxine treatment. Features of interest were selected using a genetic algorithm. Support vector machine (SVM), k-nearest neighbors, random forest and logistic regression models were used to predict responders (30) and non-responders (46) to treatment. Model performance was assessed using cross-validation. Results: SVM consistently outperformed the other classifiers. Predictive features included age, treatment resistance, depressive symptom severity, cortical inhibition, and the magnitude and variance of cortical excitability. Using only demographic and clinical features, SVM predictive accuracy was 61±11% (60% sensitivity, 63% precision). When TMS features were also included in the model, accuracy improved to 76±10% (75% sensitivity, 79% precision). Classification accuracy was significantly greater when TMS and demographic/clinical data were combined, as compared to demographic/clinical data alone. Conclusions: Indices of cortical excitability, together with standard clinical and demographic information, are predictive of a therapeutic response to venlafaxine in older adults with depression. As psychiatry transitions towards precision medicine, TMS can be a cost effective tool to improve our ability to predict treatment response. Supported By: CIHR, NIH & Brain and Behaviour Research Foundation New Investigator Award (DMB) Keywords: TMS, Late-Life Depression, Machine Learning, Prediction of Treatment Outcome, Cortical Excitability
Individual Prediction of Electroconvulsive Therapy Response Using Multicenter Neuroimaging Data: For the GEMRIC Consortium$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective intervention for severe depression. Initial studies have identified neuroimaging biomarkers that may enable personalized treatment. However, sample sizes were small and replication across larger multicenter datasets is required. Therefore, we aimed to develop robust imaging markers based on multicenter data from the Global ECT-MRI Research Collaboration (GEMRIC). Methods: Structural T1 and resting-state fMRI data from 166 depressed patients were obtained from seven sites in North America and Europe. All participants underwent scanning and clinical assessment pre- and post-ECT. Treatment response was defined as 50% reduction in MADRS or HDRS score. Voxel-based morphometry was used to extract gray matter images from T1 scans. Independent component analysis was used to extract resting-state networks from fMRI data, and between-network correlations were computed. Multivariate classification analyses were performed using linear support vector machine (libsvm) with 50 cross-validation iterations with random selection of 80% data for training and 20% for testing, stratified for class and site. Results: The final sample included 106 ECT responders and 60 ECT non-responders. Response classification accuracy was higher using functional network correlations (AUC mean (SD): 0.75(0.08)) than when using gray matter images (AUC mean(SD): 0.65(0.07)). Conclusions: These preliminary results show that the response to ECT can be predicted for individual patients using neuroimaging data. The large variability of the multicenter data suggests that these biomarkers are robust, indicating that future development of a clinical decision support tool might be feasible. Supported By: NWO/ZonMW Vidi 016.156.318 Keywords: Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), Depression, Neuroimaging, Machine Learning
Sustaining Remission of Psychotic Depression: The Stop-PD II Study$$$ Background: Acute treatment guidelines for unipolar psychotic major depression (PD) recommend electroconvulsive therapy or the combination of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications. Unfortunately, relapse and recurrence are common. Little is known about continuation pharmacologic treatment in PD, specifically whether antipsychotic medication needs to be continued once an episode of PD responds to combination pharmacotherapy. This issue has great clinical significance – premature discontinuation of the antipsychotic medication has the potential risk of early relapse of this severe and potentially lethal disorder whereas its unnecessary continuation can expose a patient to adverse effects. Methods: STOP-PD II was a NIMH-funded, multicenter randomized placebo-controlled trial that assessed the risks and benefits of continuing antipsychotic medication in adults once the episode of PD had responded to combination treatment with an antidepressant (sertraline) and an antipsychotic (olanzapine). Results: Among 126 remitted participants, the time to relapse was significantly shorter for participants randomized to antidepressant monotherapy compared to those randomized to combination therapy (X2 = 17.8, dF=1, p< 0.0001); the frequency of relapse was 54.8% (n=34/62) and 20.3% (n=13/64), respectively, over 36 weeks. There was a significant difference between groups in trajectories of weight (F=116.78, dF = 1,1422, p<0.0001) and total cholesterol (F=13.15, dF = 1,311, p=0.0003), with a decrease in these variables in the antidepressant monotherapy group and an increase in weight in the combination therapy group. The groups did not differ in the trajectory of plasma glucose. Conclusions: In this study, combination therapy was associated with a reduced risk of relapse but at the expense of ongoing weight gain. Supported By: NIMH Keywords: Psychotic Depression, Antipsychotics, Metabolic Side Effects, Relapse Prevention
TBS-Modulated Anger in Veterans With PTSD$$$ Background: Anger is recognized as an important clinical feature of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) that can hamper recovery. Disruptions in brain regions associated with explicit emotion regulation, including the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), are observed in PTSD. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) aims to improve PTSD-associated symptoms through non-invasive neural modulation. Here we examine whether intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), a novel TMS protocol, reduces self-reported anger in Veterans with PTSD. Methods: Fifty Veterans with chronic PTSD received 10 daily sessions of sham-controlled, double-blind iTBS (1800 pulses/session) targeting the right dlPFC (intent-to-treat sample = 25 per group). All participants who completed the double-blind phase, were offered the option to receive another 10 sessions of unblinded iTBS. Participants completed the Dimensions of Anger Reactions Scale at baseline, midpoint and endpoint of both double-blind and open-label phases, and at one-month follow-up. Results: Analyses revealed a significant main effect of self-reported anger across all six time points (p=0.001). During the double-blind phase only, participants randomized to active iTBS reported less anger at midpoint (p=0.01) and a trend towards less anger at endpoint (p=0.06) compared to participants randomized to sham. Participants initially randomized to sham showed a significant reduction in self-report anger once they received active iTBS during the open-label phase (p=0.002). Mediation analyses suggest that the reduction in anger occur in tandem with reductions in depression due to iTBS. Conclusions: These results suggest that iTBS –through reductions in depression– reduces anger in Veterans with PTSD. Future studies focused on granular level anger outcomes are needed. Supported By: VA RR&amp;D SPiRE Award Keywords: PTSD - Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Noninvasive Brain Stimulation, Anger, Depression, Clinical Trials
Combination Theta-Burst Stimulation and Cognitive Training for Youth Depression$$$ Background: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) affects an estimated 11% of North American youth. Current treatments (medication and psychotherapy) are limited in efficacy and accessibility and are associated with significant side effects (i.e. suicidal ideation). They often fail to improve associated cognitive impairment. In this double-blind placebo-controlled feasibility study, we examine the safety and tolerability of combination TBS and a novel, ipad-based, cognitive training (CT) suite as an alternative for conventional interventions in youth MDD. Methods: Youth aged 16-24, with a diagnosis of major depressive disorder, were randomized to receive 4-weeks (daily on weekdays) of TBS (1800 iTBS to the left DLPFC, and 1800 pulses cTBS to the right DLPFC) followed by active or sham CT. Baseline neurophysiology and clinical evaluations were repeated 1-week after final treatment. Stakeholders and neuroscientists designed the CT suite together to optimize engagement and executive function. Results: Twenty-eight participants were recruited and randomized over 14 months (Oct 2017-Dec 2018). TBS and CT were well-tolerated with no significant adverse events (i.e. no seizures) and only some reports of headache (<8%), nausea (<4%), and site discomfort (<5%), none of which spurred study withdrawal. Twenty-six participants (93%) completed the trial in full. Two youth (7%) dropped out – one after baseline testing (before receiving any treatment), and one after 11 treatments (citing the commute as the termination reason). Conclusions: These data suggest that 4-weeks of combined TBS and CT is a feasible, safe, and tolerable treatment approach for youth MDD. CT may also uniquely serve to enhance accessibility and improve MDD-related cognitive impairment. Supported By: Caskey-Francis Family, CAMH Foundation Grant O'Brien Family, CAMH Foundation Grant Slaight Family, CAMH Foundation Grant Weston Family, CAMH Foundation Grant Keywords: Theta Burst, Neural Plasticity, Adolescent Depression, Cognitive Impairment
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Depression and Risk of Treatment Emergent Mania: An Updated Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Emerging evidence suggests that the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for the treatment of depression may be associated with increased risk of treatment-emergent mania or hypomania (TEM). While a previous meta-analysis failed to demonstrate increased risk of TEM during antidepressant treatment with tDCS, subsequent large randomized control trials (RCT) of tDCS have reported additional cases of TEM associated with active tDCS. The current study aims to provide an updated meta-analysis that re-evaluates the association between tDCS and risk of TEM. Methods: Thirteen RCTs of active vs. sham tDCS for the treatment of unipolar depression were identified through Pubmed. The association between active tDCS and risk of TEM was investigated by constructing a fixed effect meta-analysis model (Mantel-Haenszel method with treatment arm continuity correction) and corresponding sensitivity analyses. Results: Five RCTs reported 13 cases of TEM, with 12 in the active tDCS groups (12/411=2.9%) and one in the sham groups (1/406=0.24%). Active tDCS was associated with increased risk of TEM versus sham, with an odds ratio of 5.01 (p=0.015) and a pooled risk difference of 0.027 (p=0.026). Sensitivity analyses using alternative meta-analytic approaches yielded similar results confirming the robustness of these findings. Conclusions: Active tDCS delivered to frontal/prefrontal regions is associated with increased risk of TEM, a safety outcome that merits consideration when designing future studies and treatment protocols of tDCS for depression. Supported By: R25 MH101076 Keywords: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), Mania, Neuromodulation, Depression, Meta-analysis
Antidepressant Response Along Latent Symptom Dimensions Associated With Longitudinal Structural Covariance in Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is highly prevalent and symptomatically heterogeneous. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) total score is commonly used to evaluate clinical improvement, though different neural systems may underlie particular symptom profiles. We used data-driven methods and novel graph theory to evaluate how improvements in symptom dimensions relate to structural covariance patterns over electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in a large multisite ECT cohort. Methods: We included 111 MDD patients (age=52.16±14.67; 68 female) with pre- and post-ECT HDRS-17 and MRI assessments from four Global ECT-MRI Research Collaboration sites. We used exploratory factor analysis (EFA) of baseline HDRS-17 items to identify symptom dimensions. FreeSurfer-based cortical thickness and subcortical volume estimates were extracted and used to calculate longitudinal structural connectivity metrics for each subject. Random forest (RF) regression was used to predict individual symptom dimension changes using patterns of connectivity and demographics. Results: EFA identified three symptom dimensions: somatic disturbances (F1), core mood/anhedonia (F2), and insomnia (F3). Correlation between RF-predicted and true symptom dimension changes was significant (all p<0.0001): F1 (r=0.46), F2 (r=0.64), and F3 (r=0.59). Improvement along F1 associated with structural divergence between the left anterior cingulate, ventro-limbic, and sensory association cortices. Divergence between the right accumbens, mediotemporal, and fronto-temporal networks characterized improvement in F2. Left putamen and frontal-mediotemporal covariance characterized F3 improvement. Conclusions: We used machine learning to identify distributed patterns of structural connectivity associated with improvements in latent symptom dimensions over ECT. Symptom dimensions uniquely related to overlapping connectivity patterns suggesting that targeted neuromodulation of specific networks will affect specific symptom profiles. Supported By: 2018 NARSAD Young Investigator Grant; NIMH R01 MH092301; NIMH U01 MH110008; German Research Foundation (DFG) FOR2107; Centers of Biomedical Research Excellence (COBRE) Keywords: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), Machine Learning, Connectivity, Structural MRI
Alpha-Synchronized Stimulation of the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Depression Using Real-Time EEG-Triggered TMS$$$ Background: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) was found to be beneficial in the treatment of depression, but response rates are low and effect sizes small. Recently it was shown that synchronizing TMS pulses with ongoing endogenous brain oscillations reduces variability and increases efficacy of TMS-induced plasticity when targeting the motor cortex, but it remained unclear whether such a paradigm is feasible, safe and has neuromodulatory effects when targeting the DLPFC of patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: In seventeen patients with antidepressant-resistant MDD we conducted a randomized controlled single-session crossover trial of alpha-synchronized rTMS of left DLPFC. Stimulation conditions in separate sessions were: (1) alpha–synchronized rTMS, in which the stimulation was repeatedly triggered at the trough of endogenous alpha oscillations, (2) intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), and (3) a random alpha phase control condition (Replay). Results: Triggering TMS at the trough of instantaneous alpha oscillations by real-time analysis of the electrode F5 EEG signal was feasible in all subjects. Alpha-synchronized rTMS, but not iTBS or Replay, reduced resting-state alpha activity in left DLPFC and increased TMS-induced beta oscillations over frontocentral channels. Further, alpha-synchronized rTMS and iTBS differentially modulated working memory performance. No serious adverse events were reported. Conclusions: Findings demonstrate that alpha-synchronized rTMS of left DLPFC is both feasible and safe in MDD and suggest that it has different neurophysiological and behavioral effects as non-alpha-synchronized rTMS paradigms. Future studies need to investigate the therapeutic potential of alpha-synchronized rTMS in MDD. Supported By: This study was funded by the AKF (Angewandte Klinische Forschung) program of the Medical Faculty Tübingen (to F. M.-D. and B.Z.). S.R.S. received special support from the Brain & Behavior Research Foundation as 2017 NARSAD Young Investigator Grant recipient and P&amp;S Fund Investigator, as well as the European Research Council (ERC) under the project NGBMI (759370). Keywords: rTMS, Combined TMS-EEG Study, Closed Loop Stimulation, Major Depression, Theta and Alpha Oscillations
Combining Dorsolateral Prefrontal Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Attentional Bias Modification Does Not Attenuate Maladaptive Attentional Processing in Dysphoric Students$$$ Background: High frequency repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to reduce depressive symptoms and improve cognitive biases such as attention bias. One promising technique that may complement rTMS treatment is attention bias modification (ABM) training, given the similarity in modulating attention bias and affecting neuronal activity. Methods: We tested whether the combination of rTMS treatment and ABM training in a single session would attenuate maladaptive attentional processing and improve mood in participants with subclinical depressive symptoms. We included 72 dysphoric but otherwise healthy participants who showed a heightened BDI-II score (between 9 and 25) in our main analyses. Participants were randomly assigned to one of four groups, receiving either 1) a single ABM treatment, 2) a single rTMS treatment, 3) a combination of ABM and rTMS or 4) a sham treatment. Results: Mixed ANOVAs and supporting Bayesian analyses revealed no significant changes in attentional bias, attentional control, or mood after a combination treatment of rTMS and ABM training in a single session (p=.641, BF10=0.005), nor did a single session of rTMS independent of ABM training affect attentional bias systematically (p=.571, BF10=0.019). Conclusions: The combined effect of rTMS and ABM treatment did not yield any significant differences as compared to control conditions, which was supported by additional Bayesian analyses. The null findings will be discussed in the light of the sample size, dosage and task specifics. Lastly, we will relate our findings to the ongoing discussion on ABM training in depression. Supported By: Other Keywords: Attentional Bias Modification, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS), Dysphoria, Depression
Antidepressant Effects of TDCS are Associated With Prefrontal Grey Matter Volumes at Baseline: Evidence From the ELECT-tDCS Trial$$$ Background: Heterogeneous responses to transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a novel treatment for major depression underline the need for deeper understanding of its mechanisms. Following the hypothesis from the Escitalopram versus Electrical Direct Current Therapy for Depression Study (ELECT-TDCS), we investigated whether the response to tDCS was associated with volumes of prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex (PFC and ACC). Methods: The subsample of ELECT-TDCS consisted of 52 patients (15 males). From their baseline MRI scans, we calculated voxel-based grey matter volumes of left and right PFC and ACC using state-of-the-art parcellation approaches. In the randomized controlled trial, patients were treated with escitalopram 20mg/day, bifrontal tDCS (2mA, 30min, 22 sessions), and placebo, respectively. The antidepressant response was assessed over 10 weeks of treatment. Results: As hypothesized a priori, an association between larger grey matter volumes and antidepressant response to tDCS (n=15; compared to sham n=21) was observed in the left dorsal PFC (Cohen’s d=0.3, 95% confidence interval [0.01;0.6], p=0.04). No association was observed in the ACC. In an explorative analysis, a left PFC subregion (containing Brodmann areas [BA]9 and BA10; d=0.3 [0.04;0.6], p=0.03), left BA10 (d=0.3 [0.04;0.6], p=0.02), and right BA9 (d=0.3 [0.03;0.6], p=0.03) were associated with tDCS response. No associations were observed for escitalopram or placebo. Conclusions: The antidepressant response to tDCS was associated with grey matter volumes of specific regions in the dorsal PFC. Prefrontal cortex is a target for tDCS mechanisms and its volume should be investigated as potential neurobiological predictor of tDCS antidepressant effects. ELECT-TDCS: ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01894815 Supported By: São Paulo Research State Foundation (FAPESP) and others Keywords: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS), Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), Structural Brain Imaging, Noninvasive Brain Stimulation, Antidepressant Response
A Randomized Controlled Trial of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Chronic, Treatment Resistant Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Treatment options in individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD), who are depressed for at least 2 years and are treatment resistant for more than two different types of intervention, remain scarce. Being less invasive than electroconvulsive therapy, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) might be an alternative treatment option. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled trial investigating the effect of twenty sessions of real or sham-rTMS, during 4 consecutive weeks. Relevant clinical measurements were the Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS) at baseline, and 1 week after end of treatment and the Dutch method for quantification of treatment resistance in Depression (DM-TRD) at baseline. Results: Due to the absence of difference in antidepressant response between the treatment conditions (active/sham), we stopped the RCT after 31 patients. The mean difference of the HDRS score between baseline and post-treatment was -3.65 (+/-). There were neither significant effects across time nor between treatment groups. However, we found a negative correlation between the change in HDRS score and DM-TRD in the active rTMS group. Conclusions: Additional rTMS treatment may not be effective in chronic, treatment-resistant depressed patients. While a replication of our data in this patient group may be ethically difficult, further research with less treatment resistant patients might help positioning rTMS in the stepped care model of depression. Keywords: Depression, HF-rTMS, Clinical Trials
Antidepressant outcomes of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with F8-coil and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) with H1-coil in major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: The current study aims to systematically assess and compare the antidepressant outcomes of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with the figure-of-eight (F8)-coil and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) with the H1-coil in studies matched on stimulation frequency in unipolar major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: Electronic search of Medline and PsycInfo identified 19 studies with stimulation frequency of 18-20 Hz using F8-coil (k = 8 randomised sham-controlled trials, RCTs, k = 3 open-label; n = 168 patients) or H1-coil (k = 1 RCT, k = 7 open-label; n = 200). Depression severity (the primary outcome) and response/remission rates (the secondary outcomes) were assessed at session 10. Results: Effects pooled with random-effects meta-analysis showed a large reduction in depression severity, 29% response, and 15% remission rates after 10 sessions of active stimulation with either coil relative to baseline. Reduction in depression severity was greater in studies with younger patients using either coil. The comparison between coils showed a larger reduction in depression severity in H1-coil vs. F8-coil studies (independent of the study design or the concurrent pharmacotherapy) and a trend towards higher remission rates in F8-coil vs. H1-coils studies. These effects are based on a low volume of studies, are not controlled for placebo, and may not be clinically-relevant. The stimulation protocols differed systematically because stimulation was more focal but less intense (80-110% of the resting motor threshold, MT) in the F8-coil studies and less focal but more intense (120% MT) in the H1-coil studies. Two seizures occurred in the H1-coil studies relative to none in the F8-coil studies. Conclusion: When matched on frequency, the higher-intensity and less focal stimulation with the H1-coil reduces depression more than the lower-intensity and more focal stimulation with the F8-coil. Head-to-head trials should compare the antidepressant outcomes of F8-coil and H1-coil to identify the most optimal stimulation protocols for acute and longer-lasting efficacy.
Contemporary methods of improving cognitive dysfunction in clinical depression$$$ Introduction: Cognitive dysfunction is prevalent in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), with deficits observed across several domains (e.g., executive function, memory, attention). While depression alone is disabling, patients with cognitive deficits typically experience greater functional impairments, poorer clinical recovery, and reduced quality of life. Consequently, it is imperative to elucidate recent advances in our understanding of the treatment of cognitive dysfunction in MDD. Areas covered: This review spans psychological, physical, and pharmacological treatment approaches for cognitive dysfunction in depression. Where possible, the authors summarise where treatments have demonstrated efficacy in improving specific cognitive domains (e.g., attention), and highlight the differential mechanisms which underpin cognitive improvement. In addition, the roles of adjunctive cognitive treatments (e.g., exercise), and the possible side effects and drawbacks of specific treatments are explored. Expert opinion: Psychological treatments typically confer cognitive improvement alongside functional and/or clinical recovery; however, the efficacy of cognitive training and cognitive behavioral therapy to longitudinal cognitive improvement remains to be established. Recently developed pharmacological agents may improve cognition by reducing low-grade inflammation and promoting neurogenesis; however, the pro-cognitive effects of typical antidepressants are limited. Integrated approaches which emphasize cognitive recovery alongside clinical and functional improvement may be key to advancing patient outcomes.
Baseline effective connectivity predicts response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)has become a popular treatment option for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). However, suboptimal response rates highlight the need for improved efficacy through optimisation of treatment protocol and patient selection. We investigate whether the limbic salience network and its connectivity with prefrontal stimulation sites predict immediate and longer-term responsiveness to rTMS. Twenty-seven patients with TRD were randomly allocated to receive 16 sessions of either conventional rTMS or intermittent theta-burst (iTBS)over 4 weeks; delivered using connectivity profiling and neuronavigation to target person-specific dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). At baseline and 3-month follow-up, patients underwent clinical assessment and scanning session, and 1-month clinical follow-up. Resting-state fMRI data were entered into seed-based functional and effective connectivity analyses between right anterior insula (rAI)and DLPFC target, and independent components analysis to extract resting-state networks. Cerebral blood flow (CBF)was also assessed in the rAI. All brain measures were compared between baseline and follow-up, and related to treatment response at 1- and 3-months. Baseline fronto-insular effective connectivity and salience network connectivity were significantly positively correlated, while baseline rAI CBF was negatively correlated, with early (1-month)response to rTMS treatment but not sustained response (3-months), suggesting persistence of therapeutic response is not associated with baseline features. Connectivity or CBF measures did not change between the two time points. We demonstrate that fronto-insular and salience-network interactions can predict early response to rTMS in TRD, suggesting that these network nodes may be key regions toward developing rTMS response biomarkers.
Adjunctive ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy for major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Adjunctive ketamine with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been investigated for treating major depressive disorder (MDD), but the findings have been inconsistent. Aim: This is an updated meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of ketamine augmentation of ECT in the treatment of MDD. Methods: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting on the efficacy and safety of ketamine and ECT were identified and analyzed. Results: Seventeen RCTs (n = 1,035) compared ketamine alone or ketamine plus other anesthetic drugs (n = 557) with other anesthetic agents (n = 478) in MDD patients who received ECT. Ketamine+other anesthetic drugs was superior in improving depressive symptoms over other anesthetic medications at early study time point, but not at post-ECT or end of study time points. Ketamine alone was not more efficacious in treating depressive symptoms than other anesthetic drugs at early study, post-ECT and end of study time points. Sensitivity analysis and 19 of the 20 subgroup analyses also confirmed the lack of significance of these findings. Eleven RCTs testing the effects of ketamine on neurocognitive functions with various test batteries found mixed results. Ketamine alone significantly increased blood pressure more than other anesthetic drugs in MDD treated with ECT. Conclusion: Compared to other anesthetic agents, ketamine alone does not appear to improve the efficacy of ECT. However, ketamine+other anesthetic combinations may confer a short-term advantage in improving depressive symptom at the early stages of ECT.
Trajectories of response to dorsolateral prefrontal rTMS in major depression: A three-D study$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for refractory major depressive disorder, yet no studies have characterized trajectories of rTMS response. The aim of this study was to characterize response trajectories for patients with major depression undergoing left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rTMS and to determine associated baseline clinical characteristics. Methods: This was a secondary analysis of a randomized noninferiority trial (N=388) comparing conventional 10-Hz rTMS and intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) rTMS. Participants were adult outpatients who had a primary diagnosis of major depressive disorder, had a score $18 on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), and did not respond to one to three adequate antidepressant trials. Treatment was either conventional 10-Hz rTMS or iTBS rTMS applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, 5 days/week over 4–6 weeks (20–30 sessions). Group-based trajectory modeling was applied to identify HAM-D response trajectories, and regression techniques were used to identify associated characteristics. Results: Four trajectories were identified: nonresponse (N=43, 11%); rapid response (N=73, 19%); higher baseline symptoms, linear response (N=118, 30%); and lower baseline symptoms, linear response (N=154, 40%). Significant differences in response and remission rates between trajectories were detectable by week 1. There was no association between treatment protocol and response trajectory. Higher baseline scores on the HAM-D and the Quick Inventory of Depression Symptomatology–Self-Report (QIDS-SR) were associated with the nonresponse trajectory, and older age, lower QIDS-SR score, and lack of benzodiazepine use were associated with the rapid response trajectory. Conclusions: Major depression shows distinct response trajectories to rTMS, which are associated with baseline clinical characteristics but not treatment protocol. These response trajectories with differential response to rTMS raise the possibility of developing individualized treatment protocols.
Magnitude of reduction and speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (Lap-st) compared to standard right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: A pilot double-blinded randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Although treatment guidelines support use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for acute suicidality, it is associated with cognitive side effects. The effect of Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST) on suicidality is unknown. Our prior precision LAP-ST (pLAP-ST) performing titrating in the current domain has provided initial proof of concept data in humans of its advantage in terms of reduction of cognitive side effects. The aims of this report are to: 1) compare LAP-ST (at 500mA) versus standard Right Unilateral (RUL) ECT (at 900 mA) in terms of magnitude of remission of suicidality in a randomized allocation and 2) compare the speed of remission of suicidality between LAP-ST versus RUL ECT. Methods: Patients were randomized to either LAP-ST or RUL ECT. The scores pertaining to the suicidal ideation (SI) item on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) were analyzed using descriptive analysis and no confirmatory statistical analysis was performed due to a priori sample size limitations for this pilot study. SI item remission was defined as 2 or below on this item. Results: Eleven patients with major depressive episode (MDE) of mainly unipolar or bipolar disorders signed consent. Of these, 7 were eligible and were randomized and included in the analysis; all were actively suicidal at baseline (suicide item above 2), except 1 patient who had suicide item at 2 in the RUL ECT group. Suicidality remitted on average by session 3 and remission occurred for all patients by session 4. The SI mean score improvement from baseline to endpoint for LAP-ST was 5.1 and for RUL ECT was 3.0. Conclusions: LAP-ST has larger effect size and speed of remission of suicidality compared to standard RUL ECT. Future studies are warranted for replicating these findings. (ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT02583490).
Withdrawal from acute medication normalises short-term cortical synaptic potentiation in medication overuse headache$$$ Objectives: To study the effects of a standard acute medication withdrawal program on short-term cortical plasticity mechanisms in patients with medication overuse headache (MOH). Methods: Thirteen patients with MOH and 16 healthy volunteers underwent repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left motor cortex; in patients with MOH, recordings were performed before and after a 3-week medication withdrawal program. Ten trains of 10 stimuli each (120% resting motor threshold) were delivered at 1 Hz or 5 Hz in two separate sessions in a randomised order. Motor evoked potential (MEP) amplitudes were measured from the right first dorsal interosseous muscle and the slope of the linear regression line from the first to the tenth stimuli was calculated for each participant. Results: All subjects exhibited MEP amplitude inhibition in response to 1 Hz rTMS. Alternatively, the 5-Hz trains of rTMS inhibited rather than potentiated MEP amplitudes in patients with MOH. The physiological potentiating effect of 5 Hz rTMS on MEP amplitudes was restored after drug withdrawal and in proportion with the percentage reduction in monthly headache days in patients with MOH. Conclusions: The results suggest that acute medication withdrawal normalises brain responses in patients with MOH. Clinical improvements after medication withdrawal may reflect the reversal of neurophysiological dysfunction. Accordingly, medication withdrawal should be offered to patients with MOH as early as possible in order to prevent the development of more pronounced alterations in brain plasticity.
Prescribing practices of Indian psychiatrists in the treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Objective: The treatment of bipolar disorder is challenging because of its clinical complexity and availability of multiple treatment options, none of which are ideal mood stabilizers. This survey studies prescription practices of psychiatrists in India and their adherence to guidelines. Method: In total, 500 psychiatrists randomly selected from the Indian Psychiatric Society membership directory were administered a face-to-face 22-item questionnaire pertaining to the management of bipolar disorder. Results: For acute mania, most practitioners preferred a combination of a mood stabilizer and an atypical antipsychotic to monotherapy. For acute depression, there was a preference for a combination of an antidepressant and a mood stabilizer over other alternatives. Electroconvulsive therapy was preferred in the treatment of severe episodes and to hasten the process of recovery. Approximately, 50% of psychiatrists prescribe maintenance treatment after the first bipolar episode, but maintenance therapy was rarely offered lifelong. While the majority (85%) of psychiatrists acknowledged referring to various clinical guidelines, their ultimate choice of treatment was also significantly determined by personal experience and reference to textbooks. Limitations: The study did not study actual prescriptions. Hence, the responses to queries in the survey are indirect measures from which we have tried to understand the actual practices, and of course, these are susceptible to self-report and social-desirability biases. This was a cross-sectional study; therefore, temporal changes in responses could not be considered. Conclusion: Overall, Indian psychiatrists seemed to broadly adhere to recommendations of clinical practice guidelines, but with some notable exceptions. The preference for antidepressants in treating depression is contrary to general restraint recommended by most guidelines. Therefore, the efficacy of antidepressants in treating bipolar depression in the context of Indian psychiatrists’ practice needs to be studied systematically. Not initiating maintenance treatment early in the course of illness may have serious implications on the long-term outcome of bipolar disorder.
Therapeutic Role of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Alzheimer Disease Patients: Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Clinical Trial$$$ Objective. To explore the neuropsychological effects and levels of tau protein (TAU), amyloid β 1-42 (Aβ 1-42), and lipid peroxidase after 10 sessions of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer disease (AD). Patients and methods. A total of 46 consecutive patients with probable AD participated in this study. They were classified randomly into 2 equal groups: active versus sham. Each patient received 10 sessions of anodal tDCS over the left and right temporoparietal region for 20 minutes for each side with the cathode on the left arm. Patients were assessed using the Modified Mini Mental State Examination (MMMSE), clock drawing test, Montreal Cognitive Scale (MoCA), and the Cornell Scale for depression. Serum TAU, Aβ 1-42, and lipid peroxidase were measured before and after the 10th session. Results. There was a significant improvement in the total score of each cognitive rating scale (MMMSE, clock drawing test, and MoCA) in the real group, whereas no such change was observed in the sham group. The Cornell depression score improved significantly in both groups. There was a significant increase in serum Aβ 1-42 (P =.02) in the real but not in the sham group, with a significant Treatment condition × Time interaction (P =.009). There was no significant effect on tau or lipid peroxidase in either group but a significant positive correlation between changes of Aβ1-42 and MMMSE (P =.005) and MoCA (P =.02). Conclusion. The observed cognitive improvements were complemented by parallel changes in serum levels of Aβ 1-42.
Designing and implementing a novel transcranial electrostimulation system for neuroplastic applications: A preliminary study$$$ Recently, a specific repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) waveform, namely, the theta burst stimulation (TBS) protocol, has been proposed for more efficiently inducing neuroplasticity for various clinic rehabilitation purposes. However, few studies have explored the feasibility of using the TBS combined with direct current (dc) waveform for brain neuromodulation; this waveform is transcranially delivered using electrical current power rather than magnetic power. This study implemented a prototype of a novel transcranial electrostimulation device that can flexibly output a waveform that combined dc and the TBS-like protocol and assessed the effects of the novel combinational waveform on neuroplasticity. An in vivo experiment was conducted first to validate the accuracy of the stimulator's current output at various impedance loads. Using this transcranial stimulator, a series of transcranial stimulation experiments was conducted on the brain cortex of rats, in which electrode-Tissue impedance and motor evoked potentials (MEPs) were measured. These experiments were designed to assess the feasibility and efficacy of the new combinational waveforms for brain neuroplasticity. Our results indicated that the transcranial electrostimulation system exhibited satisfactory performance, as evidenced by the error percentage of less than 5% for current output. In the animal experiment, the dc combined with intermittent TBS-like protocol exerted a stronger neuroplastic effect than the conventional dc protocol. These results demonstrated that the combination of electrical dc and TBS-like protocols in our system can produce a new feasible therapeutic waveform for transcranially inducing a promising neuromodulatory effect on various diseases of the central nervous system.
The effects of excitatory tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on autonomic and neuroendocrine responses to psychosocial stress$$$ Prolonged or repeated activation of the stress response can have harmful psychological and physical effects. Recent evidence has supported the notion that autonomic and neuroendocrine stress response systems receive inhibitory influences by cortical structures such as the prefrontal cortex. This top-down modulation may play a major role in the autonomic and neuroendocrine changes associated with stressful events. In this study, we aimed at further investigating this hypothesis by increasing prefrontal cortex excitability using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)-a non-invasive, neuromodulatory tool that induces polarity-dependent changes in cortical excitability. Thirty healthy right-handed male participants were randomized to receive either active anodal (excitatory) tDCS (n = 15) or sham stimulation (n = 15) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) immediately before and during the performance of a psychosocial stress test. Short-and long-lasting autonomic and neuroendocrine changes induced by psychosocial stress exposure were assessed using heart rate variability (HRV) and salivary cortisol measures, respectively. We found that one single session of excitatory tDCS over the left DLPFC (i) reduced heart rate and increased HRV prior to stress exposure, (ii) moderated stress-induced heart rate acceleration and HRV reduction, but (iii) had no effect on stress-induced cortisol release. However, excitatory tDCS over the left DLPFC prevented stress-induced long-lasting changes in the cortisol awakening response. Finally, participants receiving excitatory tDCS reported a reduction in their levels of state anxiety upon completion of the psychosocial stress test. In conclusion, the present study provides first insights into the efficacy of one single session of excitatory tDCS over the left DLPFC in attenuating autonomic and neuroendocrine effects of psychosocial stress exposure. These findings might be indicative of the important role of the left DLPFC, which is a cortical target for non-invasive brain stimulation treatment of depression, for successful coping with stressful stimuli. Because an exaggerated stress response is known to precipitate mental and physical disorders, these results might have important clinical implications.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the prefrontal cortex does not impact ratings of valence and arousal after emotional image viewing$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a form of noninvasive brain stimulation that can either enhance (via anodal stimulation) or depress (via cathodal stimulation) neural excitability in focal areas of the cortex through application of a low-intensity direct current. To date, two studies have found that individuals rate images as less unpleasant after anodal tDCS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The present study sought to replicate previous findings regarding the impact of tDCS on judgments of image valence and examine the effects of tDCS on ratings of emotional arousal after image viewing. Thirty-two healthy participants (15 female) completed three sessions of an image viewing procedure, each separated by at least one week. Following a double-blind protocol, on each testing day participants received 15 minutes of either anodal, cathodal, or sham tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (order counterbalanced across participants). Active stimulation was delivered at 2mA. tDCS was immediately followed by viewing of 24 images from the International Affective Picture System (8 erotic, 8 neutral, 8 mutilation). Following each image, participants provided ratings of valence (1, unpleasant to 9, pleasant) and arousal (1, calm to 9, excited) using the Self-Assessment Manikin. Mixed linear modeling was used to analyze tDCS effects on valence and arousal ratings while controlling for counterbalancing order and within-session habituation. Results indicated that tDCS was unrelated to ratings of emotional valence, F(2, 2273) = 0.62, p = 0.54, and emotional arousal, F(2, 2273) = 0.06, p = 0.94. Moreover, examination of the interaction of tDCS and image content indicated that effects of tDCS did not vary by type of image viewed, both p's > 0.1. The present study failed to replicate previous findings regarding the impact of tDCS on ratings of emotional valence after image viewing and did not support an impact of tDCS on emotional arousal. Further research is needed to confirm these null findings or to determine the circumstances under which tDCS impacts emotional valence and arousal associated with image viewing.
Comparison of efficacy of ketamine versus thiopentone-assisted modified electroconvulsive therapy in major depression$$$ Background: It is well known that depression improves faster with electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) than with antidepressant medications. N-methyl-D-aspartate-receptor antagonists (ketamine) have been shown to have rapid antidepressant effects when given as an intravenous infusion. Faster recovery with ECT is likely when used with ketamine as anesthetic. Aim: The aim of the study is to compare the outcome of modified electroconvulsive therapy (MECT) in major depressive disorder patients undergoing MECT with ketamine versus thiopentone anesthesia. Materials and Methods: Sixty hospitalized patients (age: 18-45 years) with major depressive disorder (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders-IV Text Revision) were randomly allocated to either of the two MECT groups (30 patients each) receiving ketamine or thiopentone as anesthetic agent. The participants were assessed on a weekly basis on Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: Ketamine group required significantly lesser number of MECT sessions for achieving remission and had rapid improvement in HAM-D and BDI scores compared to the thiopentone group. Furthermore, the stimulus intensity required to elicit seizures was significantly less and seizure duration was longer in ketamine group compared to the thiopentone group. Conclusion: The use of ketamine for anesthesia led to rapid recovery from depressive symptoms and seems to be a better option for depressive patients, especially when a rapid response is desired.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation increases serum brain-derived neurotrophic factor and decreases interleukin-1β and tumor necrosis factor-α in elderly patients with refractory depression$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on serum levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), interleukin (IL)-1β, and tumor necrosis factor (TNF)-α in elderly patients with refractory depression. Methods: A total of 58 elderly patients diagnosed with refractory depression between January 2015 and December 2016 were divided randomly into two groups: 29 patients who received rTMS and 29 controls without rTMS. Thirty healthy individuals were also enrolled and all received rTMS. Serum levels of BDNF, IL-1β, and TNF-α were measured before the study (0 days), and at 48 hours and 1, 2, 3, and 4 weeks after the first TMS treatment. Results: BDNF levels gradually increased with treatment duration in the rTMS group and were significantly higher compared with the control group. In contrast, IL-1β and TNF-α levels gradually decreased and were significantly lower than in the control group. None of the serum factors were affected by rTMS in the healthy individuals. BDNF levels were negatively correlated and IL-1β and TNF-α levels were positively correlated with Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-24 scores. Conclusion: These results suggest that rTMS may increase BDNF and decrease IL-1β and TNF-α serum levels in elderly patients with refractory depression.
Subtypes of treatment-resistant depression determined by a latent class analysis in a Chinese clinical population$$$ Background: This study aimed to explore subtypes of treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Methods: Latent class analysis (LCA) was performed on clinical and demographic data collected from 375 patients with TRD. Clinical variables were compared across subtypes. Treatment outcomes across subtypes of TRD were compared separately for those within each subtype with anxiety (those with a HRSD-17 anxiety/somatization factor score ≥ 7) and those without anxiety. LCA subtypes were compared using Cochran's and Mantel–Haenszel χ2 test, respectively. Unordered multinomial logistic regression was used to assess clinical correlates of TRD subtypes. Results: Three categories were detected: severe depression (66%), moderate depression with anxiety (9%) and mild depression with anxiety/somatization (25%). Gender, age, age at first onset, family monthly income, number of hospitalizations, HRSD-17 and clinical global impression-severity (CGI) scores were significantly different across the three groups. Remission rates were significantly different among anxious cases with severe (43.75%), moderate (22.73%) and mild (26.25%) depression subtypes. Compared to cases in the mild depression group, those in the severe depression group had a greater likelihood of being male, having a later age of first onset, higher numbers of hospitalization, higher HRSD-17 and CGI total scores, and lower family income. Those in the moderate depression group were more likely to be male and have lower family income than those in the mild depression group. Limitations: Representative bias, relatively small sample size, unbalanced group size and incomplete indicator variables might have a negative effect on the validity and generalization of the findings. Conclusions: Depression severity could be a basis for subtype classification of patients with TRD. The classification of latent class of TRD observed in our study was similar to the structure found in MDD. Longitudinal research into the stability of the latent structure of TRD across illness course is merited as is research into treatment outcomes for TRD subtypes.
Both 50 and 30 Hz continuous theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation depresses the cerebellum$$$ The cerebellum is implicated in the pathophysiology of numerous movement disorders, which makes it an attractive target for noninvasive neurostimulation. Continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) can induce long lasting plastic changes in human brain; however, the efficacy of different simulation protocols has not been investigated at the cerebellum. Here, we compare a traditional 50-Hz and a modified 30-Hz cTBS protocols at modulating cerebellar activity in healthy subjects. Seventeen healthy adults participated in two testing sessions where they received either 50-Hz (cTBS50) or 30-Hz (cTBS30) cerebellar cTBS. Cerebellar brain inhibition (CBI), a measure of cerebello-thalamocortical pathway strength, and motor evoked potentials (MEP) were measured in the dominant first dorsal interosseous muscle before and after (up to ~ 40 min) cerebellar cTBS. Both cTBS protocols induced cerebellar depression, indicated by significant reductions in CBI (P < 0.001). No differences were found between protocols (cTBS50 and cTBS30) at any time point (P = 0.983). MEP amplitudes were not significantly different following either cTBS protocol (P = 0.130). The findings show cerebellar excitability to be equally depressed by 50-Hz and 30-Hz cTBS in heathy adults and support future work to explore the efficacy of different cerebellar cTBS protocols in movement disorder patients where cerebellar depression could provide therapeutic benefits.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation with Resting-State Network Targeting for Treatment-Resistant Depression in Traumatic Brain Injury: A Randomized, Controlled, Double-Blinded Pilot Study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has demonstrated antidepressant efficacy but has limited evidence in depression associated with traumatic brain injury (TBI). Here, we investigate the use of rTMS targeted with individualized resting-state network mapping (RSNM) of dorsal attention network (DAN) and default mode network (DMN) in subjects with treatment-resistant depression associated with concussive or moderate TBI. The planned sample size was 50 with first interim analysis planned at 20, but only 15 were enrolled before the study was terminated for logistical reasons. Subjects were randomized to 20 sessions of bilateral rTMS (4000 left-sided excitatory pulses, 1000 right-sided inhibitory pulses) or sham. Treatment was targeted to the dorsolateral prefrontal cluster with maximal difference between DAN and DMN correlations based on resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging with individualized RSNM. Mean improvement in the primary outcome, Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), was 56% ± 14% (n = 9) with active treatment and 27% ± 25% (n = 5) with sham (Cohen's d = 1.43). One subject randomized to sham withdrew before starting treatment. There were no seizures or other significant adverse events. MADRS improvement was inversely correlated with functional connectivity between the right-sided stimulation site and the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC; r = -0.68, 95% confidence interval 0.03-0.925). Active treatment led to increased sgACC-DMN connectivity (d = 1.55) and increased sgACC anti-correlation with the left- and right-sided stimulation sites (d = -1.26 and -0.69, respectively). This pilot study provides evidence that RSNM-targeted rTMS is feasible in TBI patients with depression. Given the dearth of existing evidence-based treatments for depression in this patient population, these preliminarily encouraging results indicate that larger controlled trials are warranted.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over prefrontal cortex on attention in psychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be effective for enhancing cognitive functioning. In this review, we aimed to systematically evaluate the effects of rTMS on attention in psychiatric diseases. In particular, we searched PubMed and Embase to examine the effectiveness of rTMS administered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on this specific cognitive domain. The search identified 24 articles, 21 of which met inclusion and exclusion criteria. Among them, nine were conducted in patients with depression, four in patients with schizophrenia, three in patients with autism spectrum disorder (ASD), two in patients with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, one each in patients with Alzheimer’s disease and in patients with alcohol or methamphetamine addiction. No evidence for cognitive adverse effects was found in all the included rTMS studies. Several studies showed a significant improvement of attentional function in patients with depression and schizophrenia. The beneficial effects on attention and other executive functions suggest that rTMS has the potential to target core features of ASD. rTMS may influence the attentional networks in alcohol-dependent and other addicted patients. We also reviewed and discussed the studies assessing the effects of rTMS on attention in the healthy population. This review suggests that prefrontal rTMS could exert procognitive effects on attention in patients with many psychiatric disorders.
Noninvasive brain stimulation and psychotherapy in anxiety and depressive disorders: A viewpoint$$$ Among the most prevalent psychiatric conditions stand anxiety and depression. Psychotherapy and medications are considered effective treatments in these clinical settings. However, pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy (i.e., cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT)) administered in monotherapy or in a combined regimen do not result in satisfactory outcomes in all patients. Therefore, finding new treatments would be of great help. In the last three decades, noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) has emerged as a safe tool to improve several neuropsychiatric symptoms. The following work revisits the available reports that assessed the add-on value of NIBS techniques when combined to psychotherapy (CBT or related interventions) in mood and anxiety disorders. The available protocols targeted the prefrontal cortex, a region that was previously found to have an enhanced activity or functional connectivity after psychotherapeutic interventions. Promising yet scarce evidence exists on this matter. A discrepancy exists among the available reports regarding the type and duration of interventions, the patients’ clinical profiles, and the presence of a sham intervention. NIBS may have acted by enhancing psychotherapy effects on the top-down cognitive control of emotions. Combining both therapies may result in promising effects, but future large-scale trials are needed to judge the utility of this combination in psychiatric populations
Schizophrenia treatment with electric transcranial stimulation (STARTS): Design, rationale and objectives of a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Schizophrenia is a severe mental disorder. While some antipsychotic medications have demonstrated efficacy in treating positive symptoms, there is no widely recognized treatment for negative symptoms, which can cause significant distress and impairment for patients with schizophrenia. Here we describe the rationale and design of the STARTS study (Schizophrenia TreAtment with electRic Transcranial Stimulation), a clinical trial aimed to test the efficacy of a non-pharmacological treatment known as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for treating the negative symptoms of schizophrenia Methods: The STARTS study is designed as a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial evaluating tDCS for the treatment of the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. One-hundred patients will be enrolled and submitted to 10 tDCS sessions over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (anodal stimulation) and left temporoparietal junction (cathodal stimulation) over 5 consecutive days. Participants will be assessed using clinical and neuropsychological tests before and after the intervention. The primary outcome is change in the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) negative subscale score over time and across groups. Biological markers, including blood neurotrophins and interleukins, genetic polymorphisms, and motor cortical excitability, will also be assessed. Results: The clinical results will provide insights about tDCS as a treatment for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia, and the biomarker investigation will contribute towards an improved understanding of the tDCS mechanisms of action. Conclusion: Our results could introduce a novel therapeutic technique for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Clinical trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02535676.
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on decision making and cognitive flexibility in gambling disorder$$$ Decision making and cognitive flexibility are two components of cognitive control that play a critical role in the emergence, persistence, and relapse of gambling disorder. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been reported to enhance decision making and cognitive flexibility in healthy volunteers and individuals with addictive disorders. In this triple-blind randomized sham-controlled parallel study, we aimed to determine whether tDCS over DLPFC would modulate decision making and cognitive flexibility in individuals with gambling disorder. Twenty participants with gambling disorder were administered Iowa Gambling Task (IGT) and Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST). Subsequently, participants were administered three every other day sessions of active right anodal /left cathodal tDCS (20 min, 2 mA) or sham stimulation over bilateral DLPFC. WCST and IGT were readministered following the last session. Baseline clinical severity, depression, impulsivity levels, and cognitive performance were similar between groups. TDCS over the DLPFC resulted in more advantageous decision making (F1,16 = 8.128, p = 0.01, ɳp2 =0.33) and better cognitive flexibility (F1,16 =8.782, p = 0.009, ɳp2 = 0.35), representing large effect sizes. The results suggest for the first time that tDCS enhanced decision making and cognitive flexibility in gambling disorder. Therefore, tDCS may be a promising neuromodulation-based therapeutic approach in gambling disorder. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT03477799.
Analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on modified 2010 criteria-diagnosed fibromyalgia: Pilot study$$$ Aim: Fibromyalgia is often comorbid with depression, and less than half those patients achieve satisfactory improvement after adequate pharmacological intervention. The investigation of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for modified-2010 American College of Rheumatology (ACR) fibromyalgia and major depressive disorder (MDD) is still in its infancy. Methods: In this double-blind, randomized, sham-control study, subjects diagnosed with ACR-2010 fibromyalgia and DSM-IV-TR MDD were recruited and received either active or sham interventions for 2 weeks. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and the 10-cm visual analogue pain scale were evaluated at baseline, week 1, and week 2. Multivariable generalized estimating equations analysis was performed for the association between depression and pain scores at each checkpoint. Results: Twenty subjects were recruited. There was a significant difference over the 2 weeks between the rTMS and sham stimulation groups (P = 0.029), but subgroup analyses were further performed due to significant interaction of group and HDRS on pain outcomes (P = 0.020). The active group had significant improvement in pain at week 2 compared with week 1 (P = 0.021), but the control group did not have any improvement in pain (P = 0.585). Of the mild–moderate depression patients, the pain score in the active group was significantly lower than in the sham group at week 1 (P = 0.001) and at week 2 (P < 0.001). For the severe depression group, there was significantly lower pain over the 2 weeks in the active group (P = 0.045) but the sham group had significantly relapsing pain at week 2 (P < 0.001). Conclusion: Left prefrontal rTMS has an analgesic effect in modified-ACR 2010-defined fibromyalgia and MDD patients. Further investigation is required, however, in order to determine how to regulate the different rTMS treatment protocols according to individual baseline depression severity in patients with MDD and fibromyalgia.
Electroconvulsive therapy and schizophrenia: A systematic review$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a remarkably effective treatment for major depressive disorder, but is less commonly utilized for treatment of psychotic disorders. Recent literature indicates that ECT can be a useful strategy for a wide range of psychotic disorders, including treatment-resistant schizophrenia. The purpose of this review is to examine the extant literature on ECT in schizophrenia with a primary focus on its efficacy, its impact on cognitive function, the role of maintenance ECT, and the potential role of neuroimaging biomarkers to provide more precise ECT treatment strategies. We evaluated the available literature, with a particular focus on prospective, randomized trials. Our review suggests that ECT can be an effective treatment strategy in this severely ill patient population. Studies suggest that while ECT in schizophrenia is a safe treatment modality, the potential for cognitive impairment must always be carefully weighed. The use and investigation of new biomarker strategies for the pharmacological treatment of schizophrenia, and the extension of these approaches to ECT are also discussed.
Systematic review of pre-operative electroconvulsive therapy (ect) protocols$$$ Background: The objective of this review is to survey current pre-operative ECT evaluation guidelines and determine what can be done to facilitate their implementation. Methods: PubMed/MEDLINE, ERIC, COCHRANE and NIH databases were searched from January 1950 to November 2018. We looked for articles with the key words "Electroconvulsive therapy", "ECT", "Guidelines" and "protocols". We included English and non-English language articles for review. Relevant articles were consid-ered. We also included the AHA/ASA guidelines for pre-operative evaluation of non-cardiac procedures as well as the APA and New York state guidelines for ECT therapy. Studies were included with patients of all ages but special attention was placed on studies includ-ing geriatric patients (age 65 and older). The majority of patients had depression as the main impetus for their needing ECT. Risk of bias was assessed regarding blinding, allocation sequence concealment, randomization, incomplete outcome data and other biases. Results: The office of Mental health in the State of New York has recently updated guidelines with regards to ECT therapy and Pre-ECT evaluation, as does the American Psychiatric Association. Changes to medication and anesthetic used during ECT may impact and improve ECT outcomes. A thorough Pre-ECT evaluation may help determine which medications used during ECT will be most beneficial or what additional work-up may be necessary. Conclusion: While protocols exist for the pre-operative ECT evaluation of older adults, these should be individualized to meet individual needs and current ECT practices. Currently, guidelines for preoperative anesthesia clearance in the geriatric population follow an amalgam of guidelines through multiple regulating bodies. Streamlining a single guideline to be followed will help protect patients and improve outcomes following ECT treatment.
Accelerated RTMS as a treatment for post-stroke depression in the subacute phase: An RCT$$$ Introduction: Post-stroke depression (PSD), affecting 50 percent of the estimated 6.6 million American stroke survivors, adversely influences outcomes by reducing quality of life and increasing early mortality as much as ten-fold. As acute stroke interventions continue to improve, stroke survivorship and associated morbidity will also increase, making the need to explore innovative treatments for PSD even more urgent. Despite the large clinical burden of PSD, there are limited treatment options to prevent or reduce its incidence. Thus, there is a critical need to develop novel treatments. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective in mitigating symptoms of depression in patients with refractory major depressive disorder (MDD); however, there are few studies testing a similar paradigm in PSD. Further, few studies have examined the mechanisms by which RTMS alleviates depression, particularly how RTMS alters immune function. Stroke alone provokes a profound immune response and PSD may represent a unique immunological consequence of brain ischemia. If RTMS exerts its effect via immune regulation, it may be an effective treatment for other inflammatory disease states. Methods: Patients who have MRI evidence of ischemic stroke within 2 weeks to 6 months are screened for PSD using the previously validated Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D). Participants are randomized to sham or active stimulation. Accelerated RTMS is applied with a figure of eight coil over 4 consecutive days with the following stimulation parameters: high frequency (20 Hz) stimulation at 110% of the resting motor threshold over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) with 1560 pulses per session and 5 sessions per day. Patients will be evaluated with the HAM-D, Functional Independence Measures (FIM) scale, National Institutes of Health (NIH) Stroke Scale, and the modified Rankin Score (mRS) before and after TMS treatment and at 3 months, 6 months, and 1 year post-TMS treatment follow-up. Serologic samples will be collected at the same time points to evaluate immune function via the Neutrophil-Lymphocyte Ratio (NLR). Results: Actively recruiting patients, N=138 based on power analysis. Preliminary data projected 1/2019. Conclusion: We hypothesize RTMS will significantly improve PSD and that the mechanism behind such an effect is immune-mediated. This novel accelerated protocol has not been previously used in the PSD population. We expect a shortened course of 4 days of RTMS treatment as opposed to the 4-6 weeks typically utilized in MDD to increase patient compliance and, if effective, could be incorporated into multimodal rehabilitation programs for stroke survivors.
Low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for Parkinson's disease: A randomized, single-blind, sham-controlled study$$$ Objective: We aim to explore the role of 1 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on both motor and non-motor symptoms of Parkinson' disease (PD). Background: rTMS over left DLPFC has demonstrated its efficacy in improvement of depression of PD. However, the contribution of right DLPFC in non-motor as well as motor symptoms remain controversial. Methods: A total of 28 individuals with idiopathic PD were randomized in 1:1 a fashion to active or sham group. For active group, 10 daily sessions of 1200 stimuli was administrated over right DLPFC using figure of 8 coil at 1Hz 110% resting motor threshold. Clinical assessments were completed at baseline, at 2 weeks, and at 1, 3, 6 and 12 months after treatment. Results: All patients (14 male and 14 female) finished evaluation during visits and no side effects were observed. Compared to sham group, significant improvements were recorded in Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale part III (UPDRS-III), 10-meter walking test, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MoCA) at 2 weeks, 1 and 3 months after treatment (P<0.05). For UPDRS part III and MoCA, beneficial effects still exist at 3 month and 6 month follow-up respectively (P<0.05). Conclusions: Our study suggests that low frequency right DLPFC rTMS is a potential target for benefiting motor symptoms, depression and cognitive performance for PD and its therapeutic effects persists for at least 3 months after treatment.
Intermittent theta burst stimulation of cerebellar vermis in schizophrenia: Impact on negative symptoms and brain connectivity$$$ Background: Negative symptoms and cognitive deficits are a substantial cause of disability in schizophrenia, and are often resistant to conventional methods of treatment necessitating newer therapies. Theta Burst Stimulation or TBS, a novel form of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) has more potent and long-lasting effects than conventional rTMS (repetitive TMS). TBS when delivered to novel brain targets (e.g., the cerebellar vermis) has shown promising results in open-label trials. Methods: A double blind randomised controlled trial (Trial Registration. No-REF/2016/09/012196) was conducted where we randomized 60 schizophrenia patients with persistent negative symptoms, to receive intermittent TBS (iTBS; n=30) or sham TBS (n=30). In iTBS a burst of three pulses is administered at 50 Hz, repeated at a frequency of 5 Hz and delivered in 2 s trains followed by an 8 s interval. They received 600-pulses of neuronavigation- guided cerebellar vermis TBS (area VIIB) twice daily, four hours apart for five days, with an intensity of 80% of active motor threshold. Patients underwent assessments of positive and negative symptoms, depression, extrapyramidal symptoms and cognition at baseline, sixth-day and six-weeks after the intervention. Resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging was performed at baseline and on the sixth-day after intervention. Results: Mixed-models repeated measures analysis showed significant time effect for negative symptoms (Scale for Assessment of Negative Symptoms total score; F= 37.433, P<0.001), i.e. improvement in both the arms, but no significant group∗time interaction (F=0.630, p=0.536). There was no significant difference in change in cognitive functions between the two groups. Two patients belonging to the iTBS arm showed symptoms of hypomania/ mania during the intervention, which subsided subsequently. Seed Based Analysis (FMRIB Software Library) demonstrated increased connectivity between the cerebellar vermis area VIIB and the right superior and middle frontal gyri and frontal pole after the course of iTBS (798 voxels, p cluster- FWE = 0.016). There was no significant change in resting state functional connectivity in the sham group. Discussion: Both, active and sham cerebellar-iTBS improved negative symptoms in this sample; however, the active treatment resulted in significant increase in functional connectivity between the cerebellum and the right prefrontal cortex - an important circuit underlying negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Future trials may examine modified stimulation and delivery settings like number of sessions, number of pulses per session, intensity of stimulation etc to generate improvement beyond the observed placebo response.
The last shaman: understanding the refractory depression and the possible basis of ayahuasca's cultural solutions$$$ Background and aims.- 'The last shaman' is a documentary that discusses the search for a young man to cure a refractory depression. It shows moments of extreme negativism and refractoriness of the protagonist's depression, initially submitted to pharmacological treatments and ECT. Having no answer to these therapeutic options, he began to search in Peru and Amazonia for methods of shamanic healing, culturally popular in these local communities of Latin America. Methods.- This media lab will examine and discuss the treatment of refractory depression with ayahuasca in Native American cultures through the 'Last Shaman' 2016 movie. Results.- The media covered allows the debate on the controversial use of culturally established alternatives with no foundation in scientific literature. It is also possible to discuss the cultural influence on psychopathological understanding in these tribes and the neuropsychiatric/neurobiological repercussions of the use of Ayahuasca- a psychedelic substance- in patients with a psychiatric history. Ayahuasca is composed by the N-dimethyltryptamine, a serotonin and sigma-1 receptors agonist, and reversible IMAO A, causing changes in perception, emotion and cognition. Studies suggest its antidepressant potential, and demonstrate its safety and tolerability. These studies associate the potential action in longterm modulation of the serotonergic system,HHAaxis and immune system, with an increase in prolactin, cortisol and reduction of CD3/CD4, affecting the evolution of the depressive disorder. Conclusions.- Our proposal is to discuss the ethical, social and mental health impact of the use of Ayahuasca in cases of major depressive disorder including risks, biological basis, placebo effect and the dissemination of this cultural practice around the world.
Brain stimulation in child and adolescent psychiatry$$$ Background and aims.- Adolescent depression is a severe life threatening disorder affecting 5-8% of adolescents. It is a major risk factor for adolescent suicide. It carries with it a heavy burden of harsh co morbidities such as substance abuse, and behavioral problems. A substantial part of sufferers do not achieve a stable remission with psychotherapy or pharmacotherapy. Brain stimulation techniques open new therapeutic opportunities. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been used successfully in open studies in adolescents. In adult depression robust evidence is accumulating for the role of transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment option in depression, currently has FDA approval as second line to treat depression. rTMS demands no anesthesia and is considered extremely safe with few and generally insignificant side effects. Since the hypothesis is that it mediates its' effect by brain plasticity it is not surprising that young age is a good prognostic factor for the use of rTMS. Methods.- We will review our previous work with both ECT and rTMS, and present our ongoing double blind placebo controlled deep rTMS study. Results.- The open label results of open label studies on both ECT and rTMS are promising with few side effects. Still approval of well controlled studies in the field is difficult and patient recruitment is an obstacle. Conclusions.- It seems that lack of awareness of child and adolescent psychiatrists is a significant difficulty in having more research and clinical use of brain stimulation to treat adolescent depression.
Effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation on depression severity and automatic thoughts reduction in depressed women$$$ Background: Depression is a common disorder that is often associated with other mental and physical disorders. One of the innovative approaches applied in depressed patients is Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS). Objectives: The study aimed to determine the effectiveness of transcranial direct electrical stimulations on reducing the severity of depression and negative automatic thoughts. Methods: A quasi-experimental study wasconducted on 24 depressed women between 2015 and 2016 who were randomized via clinical interview in Tehran, district 2.The patients’ age range was from 20 to 55 years old.The process was done through the convenience sampling which was randomly assigned into test (n = 12) and control (n = 12) groups. The applied assessment tool in the clinical interview was Beck Depression Inventory (BDI- Form 21) and Automatic Thoughts Questionnaire (ATQ) respectively. All the patients underwent15 -20 minutes anodal stimulation of T3 region, and Kathodal stimulation of FD1 with a current of 2-mAintensity along with a Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS). The Data were analyzed using the independent t-test analysis. Results: The results showed that there was a significant difference between tdcs and control groups in the rates of depression (P<0.05). There wasalso a significant differencebetween tdcs and control groups in terms of belief and frequency of automatic thoughts(P<0.05). Conclusion: According to the results, it seems that Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation could reduce the severity of depression. Therefore, psychologists and psychotherapistscan use it as a method of intervention used to improve symptoms in patients with depression.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for improving fatigue, motor function, and pain in people with multiple sclerosis$$$ This is a protocol for a Cochrane Review (Intervention). The objectives are as follows: To assess the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on fatigue, motor function, and pain in people with MS.
Leveraging Neuroplasticity to Enhance Adaptive Learning: The Potential for Synergistic Somatic-Behavioral Treatment Combinations to Improve Clinical Outcomes in Depression$$$ Until recently, therapeutic development in psychiatry was targeted solely toward symptom reduction. While this is a worthwhile goal, it has yielded little progress in improved therapeutics in the last several decades in the field of mood disorders. Recent advancements in our understanding of pathophysiology suggests that an impairment of neuroplasticity may be a critical part of the development of neuropsychiatric disorders. Interventions that enhance or modulate neuroplasticity often reduce depressive symptoms when applied as stand-alone treatments. Unfortunately, when treatments are discontinued, the disease state often returns as patients relapse. However, treatments that enhance or modulate plasticity not only reduce symptom burden, but also may provide an opportune window wherein cognitive or behavioral interventions could be introduced to harness a state of enhanced neuroplasticity and lead to improved longer-term clinical outcomes. Here, we review the potential of synergistically combining plasticity-enhancing and behavioral therapies to develop novel translational treatment approaches for depression. After reviewing relevant neuroplasticity deficits in depression, we survey biological treatments that appear to reverse such deficits in humans, including N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor modulators (ketamine, D-cycloserine), electroconvulsive therapy, and transcranial brain stimulation. We then review evidence that either directly or indirectly supports the hypothesis that a robust enhancement of neuroplasticity through these methods might promote the uptake of cognitive and behavioral interventions to enhance longer-term treatment outcomes through a synergistic effect. We identify key missing pieces of evidence and discuss future directions to enhance this emerging line of research.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) improves neurocognitive function in bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Patients with bipolar disorder (BD) present widespread and significant neurocognitive impairments during all stages of the disorder. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been used to improve clinical outcomes in common psychiatric diseases, such as depression, anxiety disorders, schizophrenia, and BD. Whether rTMS can improve cognitive function in BD patients remains unclear. The present study explored the regulatory effects of rTMS on cognitive function in patients with BD. Methods: Fifty-two eligible subjects with BD were randomly assigned to receive active or sham rTMS via high-speed magnetic stimulator with a figure-of-eight coil for 10 consecutive days. In the active rTMS group, a total of 25,000 stimuli were applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 110% of the motor threshold. The sham group received corresponding sham stimulation. Clinical manifestations and cognitive functions were assessed using a modified 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), and the MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB). Results: Ten consecutive days of high-frequency active rTMS improved scores on the Wechsler Memory Scale-III Spatial Span, and the MCCB Category Fluency subtest, without intolerable adverse effects. No significant differences in HDRS or YMRS scores were found between groups. Limitations: No follow-up after the intervention. The effect of the drug on cognitive function in subjects was not excluded. Conclusions: Short-term rTMS can improve cognitive function in BD patients.
One hertz versus ten hertz repetitive TMS treatment of PTSD: A randomized clinical trial$$$ The purpose of this trial was to test whether right prefrontal cortex 1 Hz versus 10 Hz rTMS provides a significantly greater improvement in PTSD symptoms and/or function. Veterans 18 to 50 years of age suffering from PTSD were randomized to right prefrontal 1 Hz rTMS [2400 pulses/session] versus right prefrontal 10 Hz rTMS [2400 pulses/session]. The treatments were performed 5 days a week for 6 weeks with a 3-week taper using the NeuroStar system. There were one month and three months post treatment follow-up evaluations. Forty-four participants were enrolled with 17 being randomized to 1 Hz rTMS and 18 to 10 Hz rTMS. Both groups had significant improvement in PTSD and depression scores from baseline to the end of acute treatment. The 10 Hz group but not the 1 Hz group demonstrated significant improvement in function. Although both groups demonstrated significant improvement in PTSD and depression symptoms, a significant advantage for either the 1 Hz or 10 Hz frequency group on any of the scales acquired was not demonstrated. Further work is required with larger samples sizes to test whether low or high frequency is superior or if individual differences would indicate the more effective frequency.
Structural changes in the hippocampus as a biomarker for cognitive improvements in neuropsychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ Cognitive impairments are a core feature of several neuropsychiatric disorders. A common biomarker for pro-cognitive effects may provide a much-needed tool to select amongst candidate treatments targeting cognition. The hippocampus is a promising biomarker for target-engagement due to the illness-associated morphological hippocampal changes across unipolar disorder (UD), bipolar disorder (BD) and schizophrenia (SCZ). Following the PRISMA guidelines, we searched PubMed and Embase, for clinical trials targeting cognition across neuropsychiatric disorders, with longitudinal structural magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) measures of the hippocampus. Five randomized and three open-label trials were included. Hippocampal volume increases were associated with treatment-related cognitive improvement following treatment with erythropoietin across UD, BD and SCZ, lithium treatment in BD and aerobic exercise in SCZ. Conversely, an exercise intervention in UD showed no effect on hippocampal volume or cognition. Together, these observations point to hippocampal volume change as a putative biomarker-model for cognitive improvement. Future cognition trials are encouraged to include MRI assessments pre- and post-treatment to assess the validity of hippocampal changes as a biomarker for pro-cognitive effects.
Randomized Controlled Trial of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Pregnant Women with Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) affects 10% of pregnancies. Because transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a nonmedication option, psychiatric patients who do not tolerate or prefer to avoid antidepressants are good candidates for TMS. Method: In a randomized controlled trial of twenty-two women with MDD in the second or third trimester of pregnancy, subjects were randomized to active TMS (n=11) or sham TMS (n=11). This study took place at a single academic center. Subjects received 20 sessions of TMS to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 1 Hz as a single train of 900 pulses per session at 100% motor threshold. Estradiol and progesterone and were measured before session 1 and after session 20. Results: Results demonstrated significantly decreased Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) scores for the active compared to the sham group(p=0.003). Response rates were 81.82% for the active and 45.45% for the sham coil (p=0.088). Remission rates were 27.27% for the active 18.18%for the sham coil (p=0.613). Late preterm birth (PTB) occurred in three women receiving active TMS. All other maternal and delivery outcomes were normal. Conclusions: Right-sided, low frequency TMS was effective in reducing depressive symptoms in this sample of pregnant women. There may be a possibility that TMS is associated with late PTB although a larger sample size would be needed for adequate power to detect a true difference between groups. Larger trials would provide more information about the efficacy and safety of TMS in this population. This trial shows that an RCT of a biologic intervention in pregnant women with psychiatric illness can be conducted. Keywords: TMS, pregnancy, depression, women's health
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve anxiety in Parkinson's disease:a randomized, double-blind and controlled trial$$$ High frequency (HF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) can improve depression in Parkinson's disease (PD). However, less clinical data available on the efficacy of the HF rTMS treatment regarding anxiety. Methods: Thirty patients with PD were randomly assigned to active (n=15) and sham (n=15) rTMS. High-frequency rTMS was applied over the left DLPFC for 10 days. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three videotaped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short-term), and 30 days after treatment session ended (long-term effect). The primary endpoint was the changes in anxiety measured by the Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A). Results: Two patients (one in the active and another in the sham-treated group) did not complete the protocol; therefore; their data were excluded from the analysis. In the actively-treated group the severity of anxiety improved from 14.9 ± 4.8 points to 8.3 ± 5.2 points (p=0.039) while in the sham-treated group it remained unchanged (from 14.5 ± 5.7 points to 14.1 ± 5.2 points, p=0.879) Conclusions: Our results demonstrate the beneficial effects of high frequency left DLPF rTMS on anxiety in PD. Keywords: anxiety, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, Parkinson's disease
Therapeutic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with cognitive training in mild to severe Alzheimer disease$$$ Introduction: Alzheimer disease (AD) is one of the most devastating neurological disorder of many neurological conditions due to its social and economic impact. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can enable stimulation of the brain and modulate neuronal excitability and enhance cortical function. The therapeutic effect of rTMS with cognitive training (CT) in mild AD has proved in the previous randomized controlled study. In contrast, the cognitive benefit in moderate to severe AD patients has not proved yet. We evaluate the cognitive effect of rTMS-CT in patients with moderate to severe AD and compare its therapeutic magnitude with mild AD. Methods: We recruited AD patients who were diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease by DSM-IV criteria and received rTMS-CT in our hospital. Most of the participants had been enrolled in our previous two RCTs. The others who wanted to get rTMS-CT were included this analyses. All participants were undertaken brain MRIs for a navigation system and neuropsychological assessments including ADAS-cog, MMSE, and geriatric depression scale (GDS). The rTMS protocols were configured for six cortical areas (both dorsolateral prefrontal and parietal somatosensory associated cortices and Broca's and Wernicke's areas; 10Hz, 90–110% intensity, and 5 days/week for 6 weeks). Neuropsychological assessments were performed before, immediately after, and 6 weeks after the end of treatment. We analyzed improvement of cognitive function and depression after rTMS-CT in mild (MMSE score= 21∼26) and moderate to severe (MMSE score < 20) AD. Results: Cognitive function assessed by ADAS-cog after rTMS-CT in 6w and 12w has significantly improved compared with the baseline, prior to rTMS-CT in both groups (34 mild, 13, moderate to severe). Conclusion: rTMS-CT may be a potential treatment modality to slow or delay cognitive decline in AD. Keywords:
Divergent effects on cortical excitability observed in healthy older adults during active voluntary contraction following motor cortex iTBS$$$ Introduction: Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is a form of repetitive TMS that produces transient after-effects on cortical excitability that are thought to reflect Hebbian LTP/LTD-like synaptic plasticity effects1. Recent meta-analyses of sixty-four trials reports that iTBS robustly increases cortical excitability (mean potentiation 35.5%) and cTBS decreases cortical excitability (mean depression -22.8%) for up to 60 minutes2. Methods: 13 healthy older adults (6 male, age 70±3) enrolled. Protocol included two identical single-pulse TMS protocols measuring cortical excitability both immediately before and after iTBS. This single-pulse stimulation protocol comprised a stimulus-response curve while participants maintained a background tonic voluntary contraction of APB (20% of maximum contraction). The pulses were delivered in pseudo-randomized order, ranging in stimulus intensity from 80% to 160% of AMT. The standard iTBS protocol comprised of 600 pulses4. Results & Discussion: Three components of the Boltzmann-fitted curve were examined to study effects of iTBS on cortical excitability: 1) MEP Amplitude, 2) Gain/Slope (i.e., inverse of spread), and 3) Midpoint (i.e., indicative of motor threshold). Paired T-Tests yield divergent findings with significantly increased MEP amplitude at maximum stimulus intensity (t(12)=2.92, p=0.0128), yet significantly increased spread, which reflects a decrease in the gain of MEP as a function of stimulus intensity (t(12)=3.19, p=0.007). The findings may be explained by the differential effects of iTBS on I-Waves and D-Waves; I-Waves, which primarily comprise MEPs at lower intensities, are influenced by iTBS while the D-Waves that contribute at higher intensities are not5. Alternatively, the decreased slope may be reflection of metaplastic effects evoked by prior neural activation in our active condition6. A parallel trial with excitability measures obtained at rest is ongoing to investigate further. Acknowledgement: NIH P30 AG019610 Arizona Alzheimer's Consortium Pilot Study (YHC and Wilson); University of Arizona BIO5 Team Scholars Award (YHC). Keywords: iTBS, Motor Cortex, Plasticity, Aging
Treatment resistant depression with partial effect of electroconvulsive treatment achieving long lasting remission with dorsomedial prefrontal intermittent theta-burst stimulation – a case report$$$ This case report concerns a patient with a treatment resistant depression receiving four courses of ECT over the past five years with only partial effect and troublesome side effects, who achieved full remission after a course of intermittent theta-burst stimulation over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC). This 35-year old woman had recurrent depressive episodes (non-psychotic, non-melancholic) since seven years. After her first episode she was also diagnosed with attention deficit disorder (ADD), and a hypothyroid disease. Treatment trials with six different antidepressants, and cognitive behavioural therapy did not help her reaching remission and was not clearly preventing relapse. The four courses of ECT offered some depressive symptom relief and reduced suicidal ideation, but she reported severe autobiographical memory impairments. The past five months since last ECT she had no antidepressant medication, but methylphenidate and thyroxine for her comorbidities. Experiencing a new depressive episode, she was included in a double blinded randomized trial of iTBS with an angled figure of eight coil over the dmPFC, 1200 pulses, twice daily, with 90% of resting foot motor threshold, for ten weekdays. The sham treatment consisted of simultaneous transcutaneous electric nerve stimulation. During the treatment course she repeatedly reported headache complaints and within an hour after the 16th treatment she experienced sudden vertigo, nausea and severe headache, and was acutely referred to the emergency department. After a full work-up, including a CT-scan, the final diagnose was migraine. Unblinding the treatment allocation revealed that she had received sham treatment. During this blind phase, depressive symptoms and health quality remained unchanged. In the subsequent open phase of 20 verum iTBS sessions her MADRS-S score decreased from 34 to 8 and EQ-5D visual analogue scale rating increased from 39 to 81. Remission status has thereafter been maintained without further iTBS or other antidepressive treatments during 18 months. Keywords: theta-burst, depression, ECT, rTMS
Theta-burst stimulation in major depression: clinical and neuroimaging results (should be attached to Symposium “Transdiagnostic Theta Burst Stimulation - the Future is Now” by Dr Noah Philip)$$$ For therapeutic rTMS, there have been recent advances in developing new stimulation protocols that may offer more rapid, more robust, or more cost-effective treatment compared to conventional protocols. Here we will review clinical and neuroimaging findings emerging from a series of randomized controlled trials using 3-minute intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) protocols for major depression, including a non-inferiority study comparing iTBS to 37.5 min conventional stimulation (the THREE-D trial), and a more recently completed study comparing trajectories of outcome for twice-daily iTBS delivered either at a 0 minute or a 60 minute interval. Clinical results suggest that 3 min iTBS sessions match the efficacy of conventional 37.5 min 10 Hz sessions for treating major depression, and that 2 sessions of iTBS may accelerate the trajectory of improvement for a subset of patients when given at a 60 minute interval but not with a 0 minute interval. Neuroimaging predictors and correlates of improvement implicate the salience network (SN), although the specific regions appear to be distinctly different for theta-burst than for 10 Hz rTMS, despite the similar clinical outcomes for these two treatments. The implications of these findings for clinical practice will be discussed. Keywords: rTMS, theta-burst, fMRI
Transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: An updated meta-analysis of individual patient data$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is an emerging non-pharmacological intervention for major depression (MD). Clinical trials to date have reported mixed results concerning its efficacy, possibly due to heterogeneity with regards to patient clinical characteristics and stimulation protocols. Aims: To conduct a systematic review and individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis (MA) of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) in MD to assess the efficacy of tDCS compared with sham stimulation. Method: The present study was an update to a previous IPD MA. The main outcome measures were clinical response, remission rates and depression improvement. We used a random-effects model and the effect size was measured in terms of odds ratios (ORs) for response and remission and the difference between baseline and endpoint mood scores for depression improvement. Results: Data from 9 RCTs were included, totalling 558 subjects (301 in active tDCS and 257 in sham). Active tDCS was found to be significantly more effective than sham for clinical response (32.89% v. 19.46% respectively, odds ratio (OR) = 2.07, 95% CI 1.38–3.11), remission (19.60% v. 14.01% respectively, OR = 1.87, 95% CI 1.16–3.03) and depression improvement (B coefficient 0.29, 95% CI 0.09–0.48). Heterogeneity between the included RCTs was not statistically significant. Conclusions: The results confirm that tDCS has a beneficial effect on the reduction of depressive symptoms in MD. The overall pooled effect size of active tDCS treatment was modest and future studies are needed to clarify clinical characteristics of the best responders and optimal parameters of stimulation. Keywords: Transcranial direct current stimulation;tDCS;Major depression;individual patient data meta-analysis
The influence of ongoing μ-oscillation phase on the induction of LTD-like plasticity with 1 Hz rTMS$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a widely used noninvasive method to stimulate the human brain with increasing research and therapeutic applications. Specifically, low-frequency rTMS of the primary motor cortex at near 1 Hz is used to induce long-term depression (LTD)-like effects on corticospinal excitability (Chen et al., 1997). Previous work in our lab has shown that the induction of LTP-like plasticity using high frequency 100 Hz rTMS bursts depends on the phase of ongoing sensorimotor mu-rhythm 10 Hz oscillations at the time of stimulation (Zrenner et al., 2017). We hypothesized that the LTD-like plasticity induced by 1 Hz rTMS may similarly depend on the phase of the ongoing μ-oscillation. We address this question using a real-time EEG-triggered TMS set-up whereby the μ-oscillation is extracted using a Laplacian montage centered on EEG sensor C3. Motor evoked potentials (MEPs) were recorded from right hand muscles before and after a phase-triggered 15-minute 1 Hz rTMS intervention in a double-blind randomized cross-over design: Each subject underwent three phase conditions in the 1 Hz intervention: (1) random phase stimulation, (2) stimulation triggered by the EEG positive peak and (3) stimulation triggered by the negative peak of the ongoing μ-oscillation. This study has substantial implications for understanding the neurophysiology underlying plasticity induction and for the development of personalized EEG-triggered stimulation protocols which may enable a more effective therapeutic use of TMS in neuropsychiatric conditions such as stroke. Keywords: TMS-EEG, 1 Hz rTMS, phase-dependency, plasticity
ECT seizure parameter modulation with bupropion: a pilot study$$$ Background: Depression is the leading cause of disability in individuals aged 15-44, resulting in about 400 million disability days per year. The total economic burden is estimated to be $26.1 billion in direct medical costs. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the gold-standard treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) and is currently regarded as the most effective treatment for depression, but patients commonly use concurrent medication treatment. Bupropion is a common atypical antidepressant that can affect seizure parameters according to a recent retrospective chart review, and physiologic parameters may be affected as well. Methods: Ten subjects with a diagnosis of major depressive disorder (MDD) were randomized to receive 300 mg extended release bupropion 4-5 hours prior to either the first or second ECT session (with order counterbalanced to control for order effects). Dose-titration was carried out at both treatments to determine seizure threshold. Blood pressure and heart rate were also recorded during ECT treatments. Results: Seizure threshold values and durations did not show a significant difference when bupropion was taken before an ECT treatment compared to when it was not. There was a trend for increased baseline heart rate (77±10 vs 73±10, p=0.07) with bupropion. There was no difference in baseline mean blood pressure (95±7 vs 94±8, p=0.31), increase in heart rate (Δ45±16 vs Δ51±16, p=0.15), or increase in mean blood pressure (Δ49±22 vs Δ51±25, p=0.38) during ECT treatment with bupropion. Discussion and Implications: This pilot study provides justification for larger studies aiming to combine ECT and concurrent psychopharmacology. In our hands, bupropion was safe and did not significantly affect seizure threshold, seizure duration, or cardiovascular parameters. Multiple recent studies have found that antidepressant medications such as venlafaxine may potentiate ECT efficacy. Future studies may reasonably include other agents like bupropion. Keywords: Electroconvulsive therapy, seizure threshold, bupropion, blood pressure
Effective factors of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: Meta-(Regression) Analysis$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is one of the neuromodulation using electric current caused by changing magnetic field. Many previous studies have shown that this method is effective for many neurological and psychiatric symptoms. For treatment-resistant major depressed patients, rTMS of high frequency stimulation to the left dosal prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been evaluated for clinical efficacy. Controversy continues to exist with regard to effective stimulation parameters (e.g. intensity, frequency, number of pulse, number of sessions) and patient condition. In this meta study, we investigated the effective elements of rTMS for major depression. Method: We conducted a literature search in PsycInfo, Embase and Medline through the Ovid portal. 1) the subjects were over 18 years that were diagnosed with major depression. 2) rTMS was consisted of high frequency (> 10 Hz) to the left DLPFC with suprathreshold conditions (>= 100% motor threshold) in at least 10 sessions. 3) The protocol of the study was randomised, sham-controlled and double blind. 4) The primary outcome was a Clinical Rating Scale (e.g. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale). Meta-regression analyses were performed using the R software on the intensity, frequency, the number of sessions, the number of pulse, the age, the presence of medication and the condition of treatment resistance. Results: In the end, fifteen studies were retained in this meta analyses. The random effect analysis of all 15 RCTs showed a significant effect with log Odds Ratio, 1.45 (CI: 0.93-1.97). In meta-regression analysis, we identified the intensity of rTMS as a signnificant factor for the treatment outcome (β=0.1016, p=0.0451). All other factors showed no significant influence for the treatment outcome. Discussion: The stimulation parameters of rTMS must be adjusted for the patient. Among many factors, it was suggested that the intensity of rTMS has the most effect on the treatment outcome. Keywords: rTMS meta
Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for smoking cessation study: Partial results$$$ BACKGROUND: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a technique to modulate neuronal activity over specific brain areas related to multiples neuropsychiatric diseases. TMS and Deep TMS are promising tools to treat nicotine addiction. This prospective, placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind trial,study aims to evaluate the efficacy/safety of dTMS on smoking cessation, using H-ADD coil on activation parameters over prefrontal cortex and insula bilaterally. OBJECTIVE: To present partial results. METHODS: Inclusion criteria • ˃ 10 cigarettes/day, ≥1 year, no interruption ≥ 3months • ♂&♀ • 22-70 years. Exclusion criteria: • Psychiatric disorders other than depression and/or anxiety (HAM-D<25) • Minimental (MMSE<24) • TMS security violation (ex.pacemakers) • Motor Threshold>83 Parameters: 10 Hz, 3” on/15” off, 1800 total pulses/session, intensity 120 % MT, 18 sessions. RESULTS: 246 screened patients (feb/2017- sep/2018), 212 excluded or gave up, 34 randomized: 27 were treated, 6 dropped out, 1 exclued for security reason. CONCLUSION: Based on the preliminary statistical results of this sample. Keywords: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, deep TMS, Nicotine dependence, smoking cessation
Transcranial direct current stimulation in cocaine use disorders: preliminary findings$$$ Introduction: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive, well tollerated, simple to use neuromodulation technique. Recently its application on the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) was reported to be a possible tool to reduce craving in substance use disorders. [1,2]. In this double blind sham-controlled study we aimed to evaluate the efficacy of tDCS in the treatment of Cocaine Use Disorder (CUD) an its potential impact on depressive and impulsivity dimensions. [3] Material and Methods: We enrolled 14 CUD males. All subjects (mean age active group: 35.7; SD: 6.1; sham group: 42.0; SD: 9.9) undergo an intensive treatment (active or sham) for 5 consecutive days, added on a stable pharmacological regimen. We used an anodic right stimulation on the DLPFC for 20 min/day at the intensity of 1 mA. Some psychometric scales (TLFB, HAM-D, HAM-A, YMRS, BSI, VAS for craving) were used at baseline (T0) and at the end of the study (5 days - T1). Results: Two patients (one for each group) dropped out. Two patients were polyabusers (alcohol, opiods). We observed a significant reduction in cocaine use (as reported with TLFB for quantity and number of days of use) in the active group (p=0.04). A significant improvement for VAS craving and HAM-D scores was observed in both groups without any significant difference between groups. Non significative differences were found between the two groups in HAM-A, BIS, YMRS scales. Conclusion: Our data suggest a potential efficacy for active tDCS over the right DLPFC to reduce cocaine use in CUD subjects. [4] No differences in terms of anxiety depression, impulsivity and craving were found between the two groups, probably due to the small sample size and study duration. Although preliminary, these data encourage future studies to assess the clinical impact of tDCS with pharmacological treatments in the management of CUD. Keywords: tDCS, cocaine, addiction, neuromodulation
EEG Oscillations Response To Dual-Target rTMS Therapy of Parkinson Disease and Co-Occuring Depression$$$ The approach intended evaluating neurophysiological concomitants of treatment response to dual-target navigated TMS in patients with Parkinson's disease and co-occuring depression. Patients with PD (n=46) were initially enrolled for a placebo-controlled study and randomly assigned to either an actively treated (rTMS, n = 23) or a sham-stimulation (sTMS, n=23) groups. Every TMS session was performed sequentially over the primary motor cortex (20 min) followed by the DLPFC (20 min). The patients received a total of 20 sessions on 20 consecutive days. For every participant the main outcome measure included the MDS-UPDRS Motor Examination Part (Part 3) scale score, BDI-II and DASS depression scores as well as spectral parameters of the resting EEG (the last ones were available for fewer patients - rTMS, n=15; sTMS, n=16). After the stimulation course the Part 3 scale scores demonstrated clinically meaningful improvement which was larger in the rTMS group (GROUP by TIME: F1,88= 44,06 p<.001). The BDI-2 and DASS scores showed significantly attenuated negative affect for both groups (TIME: BDI-2 - F1,44=4.48, p <.040; DASS - F1,44=15.34, p <.000). According to sLORETA, beneficial treatment response to the TMS course was accounted by selective EEG power increase over the theta, high beta and gamma frequency bands and significantly locked only to the rTMS group. Using source analysis, the generators of this power difference were localized to somatosensory and visual functional networks, as well as to separate nodes of the salience and default mode networks. There was an increased frontal lobe activation (the 9thand 10thBrodman areas). The main EEG power differences were locked to the ranges of 18-30 Hz and 30-45 Hz (sLORETA statistics at p <.05).The findings demonstrate the beneficial effects of the dual-target TMS in PD and hints to some EEG oscillatory signatures as putative predictors of the treatment response. Keywords: Parkinson's disease, rTMS, EEG oscillations, sLORETA
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for improving cognition in veterans with TBI: Results from pilot clinical trial$$$ Many returning OEF/OIF Veterans with concussion histories report cognitive problems that may last for months or even years. Co-morbid conditions such as post traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and depression may prolong the symptoms of TBI resulting in lowered attention, processing speed, learning and memory. This study evaluated the efficacy of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) as a promising therapeutic treatment for executive function (EF) deficits seen in mild to moderate Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) Veterans. Thirty-Three Veterans with TBI (age 20-69 years; mild (n = 27) and moderate (n = 6) enrolled in either the treatment (n = 17) or the sham (n = 16) arm in a randomized clinical trial conducted at VA Palo Alto. The parameters currently FDA approved for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) were utilized (Location: Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal cortex (DLPFC); Power: 120% of motor threshold; Pulse frequency: 10 Hz; Length of each pulse train: 5 seconds; Time between pulse trains: 10 seconds; Length of treatment: 20 mins; Total 4000 pulses/session, 5 days/week, 20 sessions). Preliminary analysis showed no difference between Sham and Active groups in one of the primary executive function change scores (Trails B; p >.1). Further analysis revealed an interaction with PTSD. Resting state fMRI analysis revealed a decrease in connectivity between stimulation site (LDLPFC) and cingulo-opercular network (CON) with a standardized beta effect size of -0.81 (p =.036) which was slightly associated with the digit coding task (p=0.046, beta=0.34). Biomarker data analysis further showed an increase in the ratio of BDNF/Pro-BDNF in Active vs. Sham groups from baseline to 10th and 20th treatment with the largest difference observed after 10th treatment. These compelling results are preliminary and significant specifically in the neural and biochemistry mechanisms underlying the relationships between stimulation sites and networks heavily implicated in attention in this population. Keywords: TBI, PTSD, fMRI, rTMS
Once daily versus twice daily theta-burst stimulation in the treatment of major depression disorder$$$ Introduction: Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is a well-tolerated, time efficient yet not inferior (Blumberger et al., 2018) alternative to conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols in the treatment of major depression disorder (MDD). While the consensus recommendation is 15-30 treatment sessions over a course of 3-6 weeks (McClintock et al., 2017), the ideal stimulation parameters (e.g., number and frequency of stimulation sessions) have yet to be determined. Methods: In this double-blind randomized trial, 26 inpatients diagnosed with MDD were treated with neuronavigated iTBS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on 15 weekdays over the course of three weeks. On each treatment day, patients received either two active iTBS sessions (‘twice-daily’ group, n = 17) or one active and one sham iTBS session (‘once-daily’ group, n = 9). Results/Discussion: While patients in both groups showed a significant reduction of Hamilton Depression rating scores (HDRS-17), preliminary analyses show a significantly larger decrease in depressive symptoms among patients in the ‘twice-daily’ group (mean = 53%) compared to the ‘once-daily’ group (mean = 37%; F(1,24) = 5.17, p =.032). No increase in side effects was observed in the ‘twice-daily’ compared to the ‘once-daily’ group. These findings suggest that two daily iTBS sessions increase the therapeutic effect of iTBS while being just as well tolerated as one daily session. Future studies should consider whether a twice-daily treatment regimen might be a feasible alternative to a conventional six week treatment course. Keywords: TMS, theta-burst stimulation, depression
Clinical outcomes with intermittent theta burst versus high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: A THREE-D report$$$ Treatment-resistant major depressive disorder is common; repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using high frequency (10Hz) left-side dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) stimulation is an evidence-based treatment for this disorder. Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a newer form of rTMS that can be delivered in 3 min, versus 37.5 min for a standard 10Hz treatment session. We aimed to establish the clinical effectiveness, safety and tolerability of iTBS compared to standard 10Hz rTMS in adults with treatment resistant depression (TRD). In a multi-site, randomized, non-inferiority clinical trial we recruited participants aged 18-65 with a current treatment-resistant major depressive episode to a course of 4-6 weeks of 10Hz rTMS or iTBS to the left DLPFC. Participants were recruited from referrals to specialty neurostimulation centres based at three Canadian University Hospitals. The primary outcome measure was change in 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-17); secondary outcomes included response and remission rates, safety and tolerability. A non-inferiority margin of 2.25 points on the HRSD-17 was used for the primary outcome. 205 participants were randomly allocated to 10 Hz and 209 to iTBS. 192(94%) were assessed for the primary outcome in the 10Hz group and 193(92%) in the iTBS group. HRSD-17 scores improved from 23.5±4.4 to 13.4±7.8 for 10Hz and 23.6±4.3 to 13.4±7.9 for iTBS (adjusted difference, 0.103, lower 95%CI -1.16, p=0.0011), establishing non-inferiority for iTBS. iTBS achieved non-inferior reduction in depression symptoms versus 10Hz rTMS with a similar side effect and safety profile. Using iTBS the number patients treated per day using current rTMS devices can be increased several-fold without compromising clinical effectiveness. Trajectories of response to these treatments is an important avenue of future exploration. Keywords: iTBS, depression, high frequency
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation rapidly attenuates suicide ideation in major depression: insights from brain perfusion and functional connectivity$$$ Background: Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation paradigms have been shown to result in fast decreases in depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation. However, the neural working mechanisms behind this prompt reductions on mood and suicidal thoughts, also after having received placebo stimulation, remains to be determined. Methods: By using a crossover within-subjects design, 50 treatment resistant depressed (TRD) patients received 20 intermittent theta burst stimulation sessions applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (5 daily sessions spread over 4 days). Here we focused on arterial spin labeling and subgenual anterior cingulate cortical (sgACC) functional connectivity (FC) performed before and after this accelerated (a)iTBS protocol. Results: Beneficial clinical outcome by active aiTBS strengthened sgACC - medial orbitofrontal cortex FC patterns which were associated with a decrease in feelings of hopelessness. Sham aiTBS specifically attenuated frontopolar perfusion in relation to reductions in suicidal ideation. Conclusions: Our observations suggest possible distinct neurobiological mechanisms why accelerated rTMS paradigms in depressed patients may result in a fast decrease in negative thinking, after active as well as after sham aiTBS. Keywords: rTMS, depression, accelerated, suicide, brain imaging
Abstract #59: Modulating Inhibitory Control Networks in Gambling Disorder with Theta Burst Stimulation$$$ Introduction: Gambling Disorder (GD) is an impulsive-compulsive disorder characterized by unsuccessful efforts to reduce or stop gambling despite negative outcomes. Deficits in inhibitory control of gambling impulses represents a core symptom dimension of the disorder and the pre-supplementary motor area is thought to be a key node of inhibitory control networks. Although the pathophysiology of GD is not well understood, studies have shown altered brain activity in prefrontal regions (including pre-SMA) of GD patients during response inhibition tasks (Stop Signal Task SST) in addition to functional connectivity abnormalities of SMA during rest. These circuit-level abnormalities represent a potential therapeutic target that could be modulated by brain stimulation therapies such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Theta burst stimulation (TBS), is a particularly brief and effective form of TMS that can be inhibitory (cTBS) or excitatory (iTBS). Methods: 40 GD patients aged 18-65 will be recruited to participate in a placebo-controlled double blind study and will be randomized to receive active or placebo cTBS over the pre-SMA. We will combine TMS, multimodal structural and functional MRI and behavioral measures in order to identify circuit-level mechanisms of action and therapeutic targets(connectivity changes that explain clinical improvement) and assess the efficacy of TMS in modulating inhibitory control and symptom severity in this population. Patients will be screened and will undergo MRI at baseline, after first cTBS session (while performing SST) and after additional 9 cTBS sessions (while performing SST). To assess the severity of GD symptoms we will use the Gambling Urges Questionnaire score, to reflect the hypothesized reduction of craving/urges to gamble. Secondary outcome measures will be the Pathological Gambling modification of Y-BOCS and the BIS-11, the HAM-A, the HAM-D, the SDS, the CGI and the Fagerstrom Test for Nicotine Dependence. Results: We hypothesize that: cTBS will lead to increased functional connectivity between cortical inhibitory nodes and reward subcortical structures, and these changes will correlate with improvement of reaction time in SST; cTBS will lead to increases in functional connectivity between pre- SMA and NAc, and these will correlate with behavioral and clinical improvement; 10 sessions of cTBS will lead to improvement in reaction time in the behavioral inhibition task, in addition to reduction in clinical severity. Conclusion: The goal of this study is to elucidate the role of pre-SMA networks on response inhibition and reward-related motor control in gamblers and to assess the potential clinical impact of neuromodulation of pre-SMA networks.
Left prefrontal high-frequency rTMS reducing physiologic reactivity exposed to alcohol cues:A sham-controlled, randomized, single-blinded trial$$$ Background: Alcohol dependence is a chronic disease with few options of treatment. Craving plays a significant role in the maintenance and development of alcohol dependence. It is aimed in this study to assess the extent of craving decrease under 10-HZ rTMS on patients with alcohol dependence and exposed to alcohol cues. Methods: A sham-controlled, randomized, single-blinded study was conducted from 2015 to 2016 in a rehabilitation institution. A total of 43 subjects with alcohol dependence meeting the criteria of DSM-IV were allocated to active or sham rTMS groups in a 2: 1 ratio. After more than 1 month of detoxification, 28 subjects were treated with active rTMS (10 Hz frequency, total 1500 pulses) on the DLPFC, applied 5 days per week for 4 weeks (Active Group), while 15 subjects were treated with sham rTMS(Sham Group). Results: Repeated analysis of variance (ANOVA) showed that systolic blood pressure and diastolic blood pressure reduced significantly over time (F3, 38 = 13.733, p = 0.000; F3, 38 = 3.658, p = 0.021) and differed between Active Group and Sham Group (F1, 40 = 7.925, p = 0.008; F1, 40 = 4.369, p = 0.043). The difference in the interaction effect between groups and among time points was significant in SBP (F3, 38 = 3.479, p = 0.025), but not significant in DBP. Improvement was significant over time in craving (F3, 38 = 3.057, p = 0.040), depression scores (F3, 38 = 4.759, p = 0.007) and skin conductance responses (F3, 38 = 4.827, p = 0.006). However, no significant difference of main effect of group and interaction effect between groups and among time points were found. Conclusions: Our results suggested that 10-HZ rTMS over the left DLPFC might have an effect on reducing physiologic reactivity to alcohol-related-cues in patients with alcohol dependence. Keywords: Alcohol Dependence; Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation; Craving; Blood Pressure
Proceedings #33: Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on Cognitive Function and Brain Functional Changes in Schizophrenia$$$ Background: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (TDCS)is a brain stimulation technique which some studies have suggested may improve cognition and decrease auditory hallucinations in patients with schizophrenia. We conducted a study of a study of effects of tDCS on cognition, symptoms, and brain connectivity in inpatients with relatively stable chronic schizophrenics in China who had substantial cognitive deficits but were not chosen for prominent auditory hallucinations. Methods: Patients participated in a double blind study of 10 sessions of active or sham tDCS and followed up lasting up to 1 month. Patient were evaluated for cognitive changes by MATRICS, PASAT and COGSTATE, for symptoms on the PANSS scale, and for brain changes with fMRI for resting state and during active n-back task. Results: There were no significant (P<.05) changes in cognitive scores in active vs sham patients after 10 tDCS sessions compared to baseline, but MATRICS Speed of Processing scores and 1 back memory improved over testing times in the active tDCS group over several weeks (P<.05) and there were trends for improvement in other measures. The were no significant change in psychiatric symptoms. fMRI scans showed significant increases in brain activation in R and L middle frontal gurus and differences in activation on a n-back task after 10 sessions of active vs sham tDCS. Conclusions: Effects of tDCS in this Chinese sample did not replicate the marked cognitive improvement seen in our earlier U.S. study, but there were selective improvements in speed of processing and n-back. 10 sessions of tDCS produced significant effects on increasing brain activation in selected areas differentially in active vs sham treated subjects in resting state and during an active n-back task. 2 Introduction: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique which has shown cognitive and clinical effects in patients with schizophrenia and depression as well as controls, and there is preliminary evidence it may also effect brain networks. Its comparatively lower cost, low-side effects, and ease of administration may make it a more easily administered therapy to a wide population of patients, if efficacy can be consistently demonstrated. In an earlier study (Smith et al. 2015), in schizophrenic outpatients in the United States, we presented evidence from a double-blind study that 5 sessions of active 2 ma tDCS compared to Sham, produced statistically significant improvement in MATRICS battery scores. 3 Methods: We now report results from a larger double-blind study of active vs sham tDCS stimulation in 45 relatively stable inpatients with schizophrenia studied at the Shanghai Mental Health Center in China. Active and sham tDCS administration followed the procedures with placement of electrodes, current and other procedures described in detail in our previous published research (Smith et al. 2015). Placement of electrodes for tDCS had the anode placed over LDLPFC (F3) and the cathode over the contralateral supraorbital ridge (Fp2). The active tDCS group was stimulated with a 2 mA current for 20minutes. The sham group had stimulation with 2 mA lasting only 45 seconds, though the electrodes remained in place for 20 minutes. The main cognitive outcome measures were the composite and domain scores on the Chinese version of the MATRIC (MCCB) battery (Nuechterlein et al. 2008), which was administered at baseline, after 10 sessions of tDCS, and 2 and 4 weeks after completion of the 10th session. Because the Chinese version of the MCCB does not contain the verbal working memory test (LNS), we used an additional task to test for verbal working memory, the Paced Auditory Serial Addition Task (PASAT)(Gronwall 1977), using the 3 second presentation module, which was evaluated at the same time points as the MATRICS battery. Additionally, we used components of the CogState battery (CS) using CS tasks - identification task, n-back (1-back/2-back). Patients were evaluated for changes in psychopathology with the PANSS scale at baseline and after completion of 10 tDCS sessions and 2 weeks and 4 weeks later. Changes in brain activation were evaluated with fMRI Brain Scans at baseline and after 10 sessions using a Siemens Trio 3.0 Tesla MRI scanner with a standard 32-channel head coil. fMRI data was evaluated for: a) Changes on resting state intensity activation, and b) Before and after 10 sessions of tDCS, participants perform 0 back and 2 back tasks while scanned in fMRI. Cortical activation during 0 back and 2 back tasks were analyzed to check the difference between low and high load tasks. For (a) resting state fMRI data were preprocessed by Configurable Pipeline for the Analysis of Connectomes. Group analysis was conducted by FMRIB's Software Library (FSL) proprietary mixed effects analysis (FLAMEO). Z (Gaussianised T/F) statistic images were thresholded using clusters determined by Z>2.3 and a corrected cluster significance threshold of P=0.05. For (b) fMRI data processing was carried out using FEAT (FMRI Expert Analysis Tool) Version 6.00, part of FSL. Z (Gaussianised T/F) statistic images were thresholded using clusters determined by Z>2.3 and a corrected cluster significance threshold of P=0.05. 1 Results: Behavioral measures: There were no significant differences (P≤.05) in effect of Active vs. Sham tDCS on any cognitive measure tested shortly after completion of 10 sessions of stimulation. However, the active tDCS group showed trends for better improvement vs. sham group, on testing done at two and/or 4 weeks after 10 tDCS session. At the two-week time point the difference from baseline improvement scores of the MATRICS Overall Composite Score and Speed of Processing Domain score, as well as a measure of accuracy on CogState 1-back was significantly better in active than sham groups at uncorrected significance levels (P<.05). Brain Activation: In testing with the n-back during fMRI scans, in active tDCS group, we found significant improvement in accuracy of 0 back condition after 10 sessions of tDCS (p<0.01). In the active tDCS vs. sham group task activation decreased in right middle frontal gyrus after 10 sessions of tDCS for the 0 back condition. No changes were found under the 2 back condition. Comparing the 2 back and 0 back conditions, increased activation in bilateral middle frontal gyrus was evident after 10 sessions of active tDCS vs sham. In resting state brain scans, the active tDCS group vs sham showed significantly increased activation in the R middle frontal and superior gyrus and L middle frontal gyrus. [Figure presented] N=45, Active tDcs-24, sham tDCS=2. Analysis is result of mixed-model analysis including all subjects who had value for in the at baseline and after 10 sessions tDCS. Significance of difference between the active vs sham values at specific time point by t-test from mixed-model output: *P≤05 **P≤01. Benjamini-Hochberg corrected significance levels taking into account the three time-point comparisons: Asignificant at (a=.05) [Figure presented] 2 Discussion and Conclusions: The results of this study in Chinese schizophrenics did not replicate the immediate pro-cognitive effects directly after a series to tDCS sessions that we found in the U.S. sample but suggest possible pro-cognitive effects 2 or 4 weeks after treatment. The long term effects to tDCS on cognitive function reported in this and some other studies suggest that some of the positive effects of tDCS may require a consolidation period to improve some aspects of cognitive functions. The fMRI data show that the tDCS treatment had significant effects on brain activation, and the changes in n-back performance in the active tDCS group during fMRI scans suggest increased capacity for working memory performance. References: Gronwall DM (1977) Paced auditory serial-addition task: a measure of recovery from concussion. Percept Mot Skills 44: 367-73. Nuechterlein K, Green M, Kern R, Baade L, Barch D, Cohen J, Essock S, Fenton W, Frese F, Gold J, Goldberg T, Heaton R, Keefe R, Kraemer H, Seidman L, Stover E, Weinberger D, Young A, Zalcan S, Mardder S (2008) The MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery, Part 1: Test Selection, Reliability, and Validity. The American journal of psychiatry. Smith RC, Boules S, Mattiuz S, Youssef M, Tobe RH, Sershen H, Lajtha A, Nolan K, Amiaz R, Davis JM (2015) Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on cognition, symptoms, and smoking in schizophrenia: A randomized controlled study. Schizophrenia research 168: 260-266.
MMSE during ECT in late-life depression: useful or useless?$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective and well-established treatment for late-life depression (LLD). However, there is on ongoing concern about the possible negative impact of ECT on cognition. Our aims were to map the change of Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) scores during and after ECT, and to compare the evolution of MMSE-scores in a group of cognitively impaired and unimpaired patients. Methods: Our study was conducted at two psychiatric hospitals. Patients aged 55 years and older with unipolar depression were included. MMSE was assessed one week prior to ECT, weekly during ECT, one-week, four weeks and six months after the last ECT. Piecewise random Liniear Mixed Models were estimated to obtain trends in cognition. Results: 110 patients were included. The MMSE-score increases significantly during ECT. During the follow-up period MMSE-score remains stable (F(1,113)=2.40, p=0.12).The group with a low cognitive performance at baseline increases significantly on the MSSE during the course of ECT (t71.8)=7.94, p Conclusion: ECT does not cause deleterious cognitive effects during and until six months after the index course in patients with LLD, as measured with the MMSE. Even in the event of a baseline cognitive impairment, MMSE-scores improve significantly during ECT and six months after ending it. The presence of pretreatment cognitive impairment should not urge clinicians to withhold ECT in older patients with severe depression. Weighing pros and cons, MMSE may still be useful in screening for cognitive impairment in older patients under circumstances where a cognitive screening that is tolerable is required, as an alternative to extensive neuropsychological batteries. Keywords: ECT, cognition, screening
Dorsomedial prefrontal rTMS as a treatment for treatment-resistant depression: A 3-arm, sham-controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Recent open-label studies report that excitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC) may be clinically beneficial for a variety of psychiatric disorders, including treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (TRD), eating disorders, obsessive-compulsive disorder, comorbid post-traumatic stress disorder borderline personality disorder. However, the clinical efficacy of dmPFC-rTMS is heterogeneous, and have been formally evaluated in only one randomized controlled trial of modest sample size. Consequently, here we report the results of a larger, three-arm, triple-blind, sham-controlled trial of dmPFC-rTMS for TRD. Methods: 120 rTMS-naïve TRD patients between 18-65 ages were enrolled in the study and were randomized to one of three dmPFC-rTMS treatment protocols: 1 Hz, 20 Hz or placebo. All patients received 30 twice-daily sessions using a custom MagStim active-placebo head coil to allow blinding of both patients and rTMS technicians. Primary clinical outcome measures were the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) from baseline to four-weeks follow-up. A mixed effects model was used to assess the significance of any differences in clinical ratings over the course of treatment and follow-up. Results: 110 patients completed treatment. All three arms of treatment were well tolerated as drop-out rates did not differ between treatment arms. Mixed-effects linear models on both clinical outcome measures revealed that while there was a significant decrease in clinical symptom severity across groups, there was no significant group by time interaction. Conclusion: Active dmPFC-rTMS was not superior to placebo. This study is the second sham-controlled trial of medial prefrontal rTMS in depression. Future work will incorporate resting-state functional neuroimaging and a battery of clinical scales to identify clinical and biological predictors of antidepressant response to active and placebo rTMS. Keywords: rTMS; Dorsomedial Prefrontal Cortex; Treatment-Resistant Depression
The use of transcranial direct current stimulation in stroke rehabilitation: effects on mood and cognition$$$ Background: Stroke is a high prevalence disorder causing a variety of motor, cognitive and affective symptoms, with a tremendous effect on quality of life. Despite the various stroke localizations, a similar pattern of cognitive deficit typically occurs, involving verbal memory, visuospatial skills and executive functioning. Growing evidence suggests, that non-invasive neuromodulation techniques serve as promising tools to enhance post-stroke cognitive rehabilitation. Objectives: We assessed the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with a targeted cognitive training program on overall cognitive functioning in stroke patients, independently of stroke localization. Methods: Thirty-two stroke patients have been enrolled in the study so far. Measures of global cognitive function (Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination Test, ACE) and affective symptoms (Beck's Depression Inventory, BDI) have been addressed at baseline and at the end of the 10-day program. Patients were randomly assigned to one of three groups: active tDCS with cognitive training (A-T), active tDCS without training (A), and sham tDCS with cognitive training (T). Cognitive training included a flanker task involving emotional stimuli, visuospatial processing and executive function. We expected active tDCS to improve cognitive and affective symptoms, whereas the specific cognitive training to be beneficial for global cognition. We also expected active tDCS to enhance the effects of the cognitive training. Results: Comparing the effects of treatment conditions on cognitive performance, no difference was found after the 10-day program (F(2,28) = 1.293, p = 0.290). However, affective symptoms improved significantly on the BDI in the AT group (F(2,28) =7.174, p = 0.003). Conclusion: Results do not indicate positive effects of targeted cognitive training on overall cognitive function in stroke patients with different lesion sites; however, tDCS combined with cognitive training appears to be beneficial for the treatment of post-stroke depressive symptoms. Supported by EFOP-3.6.1-16-2016-00008, UNKP-18-4 New National Excellence Program” Keywords: tDCS, cognition, mood, stroke, rehabilitation
The Effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on negative symptoms of schizophrenia: Findings from a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia are associated with poor functional outcome and are difficult to treat with currently available pharmacological and psychosocial treatment strategies. This study aimed to assess safety and efficacy of 20-Hz rTMS applied over left dorsolateral pre-frontal cortex (DLPFC) for four weeks (40,000 total stimulation pulses). Methods: A randomized, sham-controlled, rater-blinded and patient-blinded trial was performed in 30 patients with schizophrenia, and significant negative symptoms [Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) negative subscale ≥15]. Patients were randomized to a 4-week course of active or sham rTMS. Primary outcome was severity of negative symptoms as measured with the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS) and the PANSS negative symptom score. Secondary outcome measures included the mood [assessed using Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia (CDSS)] and side effects experienced during the study period. All the assessments were done at the baseline, after five sessions, and end of 20 sessions of rTMS. Results: The active and sham groups were comparable with respect to study variables assessed. The active rTMS compared to sham group had a statistically significant reductionin the SANS score from 59 at baseline to 35 after completion of 4-weeks rTMS(p < 0.05), unlike the PANSS negative symptom scores(p = 0.14). Further, there was a small, but non-significant improvement in the CDSS scores (p = 0.86). There was no significant difference in reporting of side effects between the active and sham group. Discussion: The add on treatment with 20-Hz rTMS over left DLPFC significantly reduced negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia, as measured by SANS. To the best of our knowledge, this first study assessing the effects of delivering 40,000 pulses over left DLPFC in patients with schizophrenia. Future studies with larger sample size are needed to confirm the findings of present study. Keywords: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, Negative symptoms, Schizophrenia
Personalized rTMS reduce functional brain anomalies in resistant depression while classical rTMS and tDCS have no effect: preliminary results$$$ The iADAPT study - Imagery guided Anti-Depressive Adaptive Personalized TMS (NCT02863380) - is a double-blind randomized cross-over study designed to assess the efficiency of personalized rTMS relative to classical rTMS and tDCS on the correction of brain perfusion anomalies of depressed and resistant patients. Brain imaging included the repetition of two kinds of ASL sequences, to assess brain perfusion (rCBF). Significant differences were computed on a single subject basis relative to 38 normal controls on 3 different functional paradigms. The tDCS protocol used an F3 anodal positioning (20 min, 2 mA). Classical high frequency rTMS used F3 positioning (3000 pulses, 120%, 10 Hz). Last personalized rTMS was designed to correct the rCBF anomalies. Thirty bilateral targets were planned to cover the reachable parts of the regions with abnormal perfusion. Coil positioning used a robotic neuronavigated device. In case of hypo-perfusion, targets were stimulated using the same protocol than HF-rTMS while hyperperfused regions were inhibited (1200 pulses, 120%, 1 Hz). There were 20 sessions on 10 days in each of the 3 conditions (personalized rTMS,classical rTMS, tDCS). Changes in brain perfusion were assessed on rCBF-ASL imaging and changes in connectivity were assessed on the BOLD signal. We report on the first 14 completers, results for the 10 last are pending. The left prefrontal region was hypo-perfused in 8 subjects (57%), and hyper-perfused in 2 (15%). The right prefrontal region was hypo-perfused in 10 subjects (71%). Six patients were remitters (43%) and a further 2 were responders (+14%). Quite all remitters (5/6) and responders (7/8) improved with personalized rTMS. Brain imaging mimicked clinical improvement with perfusion increases in a large fronto-parietal network in the personalized condition. No significant changes were observed in the two other conditions. Connectivity with the left prefrontal regions also increased in the same network. Keywords: precision medicine, rTMS, neuronavigation, robotization, functional brain imaging
Pre-TMS Phase and Power of Ongoing EEG Oscillations Modulates Cortical Activity Response at the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex$$$ Background: The timing of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) pulses can be locked to specific phases of cortical activity which may lead to more effective cortical activation and possibly better outcomes in rTMS treatment trials. Previous studies have shown that targeting the trough of the alpha phase with TMS pulses leads to a higher motor-evoked potential (MEP) amplitudes than random phases. However, there are no similar studies evaluated at the DLPFC and M1 through TMS-EEG. This study endeavors to evaluate the relationship between phase and the TMS evoked potential (TEP). Objective/Hypothesis:To establish the relationship between pre-TMS phase, power, and TEP amplitude at the M1 and DLPFC. Our hypothesis is that TMS pulses during the peak or trough of different phases will lead to a higher TEP amplitude compared to random phases. Methods: This study involved 19 healthy subjects that underwent single pulse TMS delivered at the DLPFC and MC. The frequency bands analyzed included alpha (8-13 Hz), beta (14-30 Hz), theta (4-7 Hz), and delta (1-3 Hz). The TEP components measured include P200, N100, P60, and the area under the curve (AUC25-250ms). Linear correlation was done between pre-TMS power and TEP amplitude. Pre-TMS phase was calculated and categorized into peak phase (90±15°), random phase, and trough phase (-90±15°). Current Source Density (CSD) was also computed and compared to pre-TMS phase while controlling for power. Results: A strong positive correlation was found between pre-TMS power and AUC50-250 with the delta band showing the highest correlation (r=0.8, p<.05) at both the M1 and DLPFC. Further analysis showed that TMS pulses during the peak of the theta phase potentiated AUC25-250ms at the DLPFC. Conclusion: The results of this study may help future development of a closed-loop model of TMS that can effectively target the DLPFC. Keywords: tms, closed-loop, depression, phase
Proceedings #4: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) Improves Depressive Symptoms and Quality of Life of Post-Stroke Patients$$$ Introduction: Post-Stroke Depression (PSD) reaches nearly a third of stroke survivors, early or late, affecting their functional recovery and quality of life. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been explored as a safe supporting tool in the treatment of PSD. Objective: Evaluate the effects of rTMS on PSD and quality of life of post-stroke patients. Methods: This is a prospective clinical study, self-control case (SCC). Convenience sample (n=15) separated in two groups (excitatory stimulation, n=8; inhibitory stimulation, n=7) underwent 20 sessions of rTMS. Individuals were assessed with Hamilton Scale (HAM-D) for depression and WHOQOL-BREF questionnaire for quality of life. Results: Both groups presented a significant change in the score of all WHOQOL-BREF domains and in HAM-D. Conclusion: The findings of this clinical study suggest that rTMS can be a promising tool, capable to relieve depressive symptoms and helpful in the improvement of post-stroke patients's quality of life. 2 Introduction: According to the American Heart Association, every 3 minutes and 45 seconds, stroke kills someone in the US[1]. Globally it is the second leading cause of death and one of the main causes of disability[2]. Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a serious psychiatric complication often reported after stroke, and nearly one-third of stroke survivors suffer from its symptoms, early or late, what affect their functional recovery and quality of life[3]. Antidepressants, especially Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (SSRIs), are indicated as a good choice for therapeutic intervention, although their benefits are not expressive in preventing PSD or perhaps improving neurological outcomes[4]. In addition, it has been reported that the use of Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCAs), SSRIs or various types may increase the risk of recurrence of stroke in some patients[5]. In recent years, repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been explored as a safe supporting tool in the treatment of PSD by many researchers. However, further studies are needed on this topic to test the consistency of the results[6]. 3 Methods: This is a prospective clinical study, self-control case (SCC), performed at the Neuromodulation Laboratory of Dr. Henrique Santillo State Rehabilitation Center (CRER), Goiás, Brazil, from June/2016 until May/2017. Among the patients registered on the waiting list for outpatient treatment of CRER, we selected those with: (a) a history of stroke either in the right and/or left hemispheres; (b) for at least six months; (c) confirmed by nuclear magnetic resonance; (d) aged between 21 and 80 years; (e) with symptoms of depression and (f) with absence of severe cognitive dysfunction or aphasia. We excluded from this study, patients who: (a) were already on outpatient therapy at any other department of CRER; (b) had other psychiatric or neurological diseases associated with stroke; (c) had a history of epilepsy; (d) had the presence of metal in the skull or cardiac pacemaker; and (e) used antidepressant medication or had a history of depression before stroke. The rTMS intervention was discontinued for patients who: (f) presented non-tolerance to the stimulation side effects; (g) had less than 75% of frequency in the sessions of the treatment program. The primary outcomes were: (a) PSD, assessed with Hamilton Scale for Depression (HAM-D), which evaluates the intensity of depressive symptoms - the higher the score, the greater the level of depression; and (b) Quality of Life, assessed by the WHOQOL-BREF questionnaire, which score ranges from zero to 100 - the higher the score, the better the quality of life. Convenience sample (n=15) underwent 20 sessions of rTMS, 20 minutes per day, 5 days per week (monday – friday). The motor threshold was done following the 10/20 international system and the stimulation targets were: (a) active stimulation of 10 Hz on Dorso Lateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPFC), F3 (n=8), using 80 to 90% of motor threshold with interval of 25 seconds, stimuli/5 seconds and trains of 50 pulses, when the lesion was in the Right Hemisphere or in other regions that were not left DLPFC; and (b) inhibition stimulation of 1Hz on right DLPFC, F4 (n=7), using 80 to 90% of motor threshold with zero interval, being one pulse per second, when the lesion was on the left DLPFC or in regions close to that target. The high-speed magnetic neurostimulator used was the Neurosoft Company (Neuro/MS, Russia). The assessment using HAM-D e WHOQOL-BREF was done in 3 different moments: before starting the protocol (A1), on its closure (A2) and one month after its end (A3). The scores of the questionnaires were compared based on the Friedman test, followed by the Wilcoxon test. The level of significance was 5%. 4 Results: All patients concluded the treatment. Both groups presented a significant change in the score of all WHOQOL-BREF domains and in HAM-D. In the group that received intervention with the inhibition protocol (F4), score changes were continuous and gradual, comparing A1, A2 and A3. In the (F3) stimulated group, though, the improvement of scores appeared later, being more significant between A1 and A3. [Figure presented] [Figure presented] 5 Discussion and Conclusion: In this study, we evaluated the effect of rTMS in the treatment of PSD, using active stimulation protocols in left DLPFC (F3) and inhibition in right DLPFC (F4). Although the mechanisms of action of rTMS on PSD remain uncertain, studies have shown its efficacy in the remission of depressive symptoms in this kind of patients[6]. They also suggest that rTMS can regulate mood through the inhibitory low frequency (1 Hz) stimulation and excitatory high frequency (5-20 Hz) stimulation [3] [7]. Several authors have researched inhibitory and excitatory protocols and reported not only as effective choices for the treatment of depression [8], [9], but also in the treatment of aphasias and motor sequels, etc. [10]. These protocols are based on the assumption that the greatest challenge in the brain recovery of post-stroke patients is not the injury itself, but the hyperactivity in the healthy hemisphere contralateral to the injury, which causes an inter hemispheric imbalance. In order to recover this balance, when low frequency rTMS (≤ 1 Hz) is applied on the healthy hemisphere, it is expected to normalize the diffuse cortical activation, reactivate the injured cortical area that has been inhibited, and favors its excitability. Furthermore, the high frequency rTMS (≥10 Hz) is expected to increase cortical excitability by reorganizing the cerebral connections, which leads to a greater efficiency of the neuronal networks of the affected cerebral area [10]. Corroborating with our findings, a study testing the efficacy and safety of low frequency rTMS in the treatment of resistant depression - although treating patients who did not suffer from stroke - also showed the remission of depressive symptoms after intervention with low frequency rTMS [11]. Another study also performed with post-stroke patients with high frequency rTMS (10 Hz) on (F3) compared the response of 20 patients - 10 subjects received active stimulation and 10 received sham stimulation. Their results also showed a significant difference in the HAM-D and BDI (Becker Depression Inventory) scores of patients who underwent the active stimulation, and the same difference could not be observed in patients who received sham stimulation [12]. We conclude that the findings of this clinical study suggest that rTMS may be able to relieve depressive symptoms and help in the improvement of the quality of life of patients with PSD. It is important that further randomized clinical trials be conducted with the same population, with the appropriate sample, blinding and control groups, in order to verify the efficiency of the intervention, as well as its effects in a follow up of more than one month. Conflict of interest disclosure:: There are no known conflicts of interest associated with this publication and there has been no significant financial support for this work that could have influenced its outcome. References: [1] Update S, Control D. Heart Disease and Stroke Statistics 2018. Am Hear Assoc 2018. https://www.ahajournals.org/doi/10.1161/CIR.0000000000000558 [2] Mackay J, Mensah GA. Global Burden of Stroke. WHO | Atlas Hear Dis Stroke 2018:50–1. doi:10.1016/B978-1-4160-5478-8.10019-3. [3] Duan X, Yao G, Liu Z, Cui R, Yang W. Mechanisms of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Treating on Post-stroke Depression. Front Hum Neurosci 2018;12:1–6. doi:10.3389/fnhum.2018.00215. [4] Kim JS. Post-stroke Mood and Emotional Disturbances: Pharmacological Therapy Based on Mechanisms. J Stroke 2016;18:244–55. doi:10.5853/jos.2016.01144. [5] Shen XY, Liu MY, Cheng Y, Jia C, Pan XY, Gou QY, et al. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials. J Affect Disord 2017;211:65–74. doi:10.1016/j.jad.2016.12.058. [6] Bucur M, Papagno C. A systematic review of noninvasive brain stimulation for post-stroke depression. J Affect Disord 2018;238:69–78. doi:10.1016/j.jad.2018.05.026. [7] Chen J, Zhou C, Wu B, Wang Y, Li Q, Wei Y, et al. Left versus right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials. Psychiatry Res 2013;210:1260–4. doi:10.1016/j.psychres.2013.09.007. [8] Eche J, Mondino M, Haesebaert F, Saoud M, Poulet E, Brunelin J. Low-vs high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for refractory depression. Front Psychiatry 2012;3:1–4. doi:10.3389/fpsyt.2012.00013. [9] Benatti B, Cremaschi L, Oldani L, De Cagna F, Vismara M, Dell'Osso B. Past,present and future of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Evidence-Based Psychiatr Care 2016;2:77–85. http://www.evidence-based-psychiatric-care.org/wp-content/uploads/2016/12/06_Transcranial-magnetic-stimulation.pdf [10] M. León Ruiza, M.L. Rodríguez Sarasab, L. Sanjuán Rodríguezc, J. Benito-Leónd, e, f, E. García-Albea Ristolg h y SAA. Evidencias actuales sobre la estimulación magnética transcraneal y su utilidad potencial en la neurorrehabilitación postictus: Ampliando horizontes en el tratamiento de la enfermedad cerebrovascular. Soc Española Neurol 2016:1–14. doi:10.1016/j.nrl.2016.03.008. [11] Brunelin J, Jalenques I, Trojak B, Attal J, Szekely D, Gay A, et al. The efficacy and safety of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: The results from a large multicenter french RCT. Brain Stimul 2014;7:855–63. doi:10.1016/j.brs.2014.07.040.
Effectiveness of the prefrontal rTMS on cognitive functions in depression, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's disease and investigation of the impaired prefrontal neuroplasticity in treatment-resistant depression using combined TMS-EEG$$$ In this symposium, I will first briefly present our recent systematic review on the cognitive effects of rTMS in depression, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's disease, which reviewed the preceding randomized controlled trials to examine the effectiveness of rTMS administered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and evaluated cognitive functions in these disorders. Second, I would like to talk about pathophysiology of the DLPFC focused on the neuroplasticity as indexed by paired associative stimulation (PAS) in patients with treatment-resistant depression using combined TMS-EEG technique. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective clinical intervention for various neuropsychiatric diseases. However, it is still unclear how rTMS affects cognitive function. In this review, six previous studies demonstrated a significant improvement of executive function across these disorders. Moreover, no evidence for cognitive adverse effects was found in these included rTMS studies. Our review demonstrated that prefrontal rTMS could exert pro-cognitive effects on executive function and attention in some patients with depression but inconsistent cognitive impacts in any of the examined domains especially in patients with schizophrenia and Alzheimer's disease. Dysfunctional neuroplasticity is thought to be one of the pathophysiological mechanisms underlying depression. We assessed neuroplasticity from the DLPFC using PAS paradigm, which pairs a preceding peripheral nerve stimulation with subsequent TMS, in order to examine prefrontal neuroplasticity in patients with depression compared to healthy subjects. We analyzed PAS induced potentiation from the DLPFC calculating the power of TMS-evoked potentials. DLPFC-PAS induced a significant potentiation at the DLPFC in both groups. When compared PAS potentiation between the groups, patients showed a significantly lower PAS potentiation compared to healthy subjects. Our findings provide evidence for impaired neuroplasticity in DLPFC in patients with depression compared to healthy subjects. Such findings may ultimately help us understand the pathophysiology of depression and mechanisms involved in its treatment. Keywords: rTMS; TMS-EEG; cognition; psychiatric disorders; treatment-resistant depression
Supplementary motor area low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in addition to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex theta burst stimulation to enhance effectiveness of refractory depression treatment$$$ Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC) is an effective treatment for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (TRMDD). However, a significant number of patients do not respond to iTBS. This study aims to compare the effectiveness of iTBS of the L-DLPFC vs iTBS of the L-DLPFC added to rTMS of the supplementary motor area (SMA) in highly ruminative patients with TRMDD. The additional SMA spot was selected given its effectiveness in highly ruminative patients with OCD. Patients (20-65 years) with TRMDD (n=44) were randomly allocated to two groups. Group-1 (n=18) received daily sessions of iTBS (L-DLPFC, 50 Hz, 80% of MT, 20 trains, 8s intertrain interval, 1200 or 1800 pulses/session, 8-minute pause every 600 pulses). Group-2 (n=26) received iTBS (same protocol as Group-1) added to rTMS (SMA, 1 Hz, 100% of MT, 2000 pulses/session). Patients were treated for 4-6 weeks (20-30 sessions). Depression and ruminations were evaluated with the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17 item) and the Ruminative Response Scale (RRS). Patients had to score at least 18 in the HDRS-17. Clinical Global Impression (CGI) and Global Assessment of Functioning Scale (GAF) were also applied. HDRS-17 scores improved from 24.5 (SD 4.6) to 14.6 (SD 5.7) in Group-1, and from 25.1 (SD 4.2) to 11.6 (SD 4.4) in Group-2 (p=0.05). RRS in Group-1 decreased from 60 (SD 6.3) to 47.6 (SD 9.2) and in Group-2 from 63.7 (SD 7.2) to 43.5 (SD 9.3) (p=0.01). A decrease of ≥50% in the HDRS-17 was presented by 50% of patients in Group-1 vs 69% of patients in Group-2. The mixed protocol (iTBS of the L-DLPFC added to rTMS of the SMA) decreased depressive symptoms and rumination more effectively than the iTBS only protocol. Highly ruminative TRMDD patients can particularly benefit from the mixed protocol proposed here. Keywords: refractory depression, ruminations, SMA, iTBS
Empirical development of TMS as a treatment tool for disorders of impulsivity and cue-reactivity: where we have been and where we need to go$$$ While the majority of the research in TMS is focused on depression, there has been an exponential growth in the application of TMS to investigate and modulate these networks in populations with substance use disorders. This tool is actively being investigated as a new therapeutic agent in a number of clinical trials in individuals with cocaine, nicotine, alcohol, and methamphetamine use disorders. The optimal cortical location to target in cocaine users, however, is unclear. Additionally, many of the current investigations in substance use disorder are based on the parameters used for depression rather than evidence from addiction literature. By harnessing the knowledge we have acquired from functional neuroimaging studies, it may be possible to develop TMS as an evidence-based, translationally- grounded therapeutic treatment for cocaine use disorder. This talk will briefly review the data that motivated our selection of candidate neural circuits, and will then briefly summarize the results of 5 studies which led to the conduct of the first double-blinded clinical trial of frontal pole theta burst stimulation as a treatment adjuvant for treatment-engaged cocaine users. The review will conclude with a discussion of key points that will need to be addressed in order to optimally develop this innovative technique for patients. Keywords: TMS, theta burst, addiction, functional MRI
Bilateral Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Older Adults with Depression$$$ Depression is the most common, treatable, mental disorder in late life, making it a major public health concern: 2 to 4 % of persons over the age of 65 suffer from major depression. Current pharmacological treatments for LLD, however, provide modest efficacy. Rates of treatment resistance in randomized controlled trials (RCT) in LLD range from 55-81% using first line antidepressants. The failure of first line treatment to induce remission in patients leads to impaired psychosocial function and diminished quality of life. Depression in older adults, and non-response to antidepressants, is associated with low connectivity in the cognitive control network. Cognition, in particular executive function and processing speed, are often impaired in LLD. It is an important predictor of acute antidepressant treatment outcome. In a 2010 report from the National Institutes of Health (NIH), depression was identified as one of six potentially modifiable risks for cognitive decline, AD, or both. Successful interventions targeting depression could reduce the prevalence of AD by up to 15% in North America, making depression the second most promising target for prevention studies after physical inactivity. Data from three randomized sham controlled trials that have included older adults show converging evidence for the efficacy of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in this population. Emerging data suggests that intermittent theta burst stimulation (TBS) is similar in effectiveness to high frequency rTMS. An ongoing study is exploring the effectiveness of bilateral (low frequency right then high frequency left) dorsolateral prefontal rTMS compared to continuous TBS right and intermittent TBS left in older adults with depression while also examining the effects on cognition. The design and interim results of this trial will be presented. Keywords: late life depression, transcranial magnetic stimulation, theta burst stimulation
Magnitude of Reduction & Speed of Remission of Suicidality for Low AmPlitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST) Compared to Standard Right Unilateral ECT$$$ Background: ECT is the gold standard treatment for acute suicidality and treatment resistant-depression, but concerns over cognitive side effects limit broader usage for this effective treatment. Low AmPlitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST) seeks to limit cognitive side effects while maintaining similar efficacy compared to standard ECT. A proof of concept LAP-ST clinical trial by Youssef et al. (2017) has shown significantly better cognitive profile of LAP-ST compared to standard Ultra-Brief Right Unilateral (UB RUL) ECT. However, the effectiveness of LAP-ST in treating suicidality is unknown. The objectives of this analysis were to: 1) Examine the safety of LAP-ST compared to RUL ECT, and 2) Compare the reduction and remission of suicidality between the two treatment groups. Methods: Patients clinically indicated to undergo ECT, for a major depressive episode were randomized to either LAP-ST or RUL ECT. The main outcome measure was the suicidal ideation item on the Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), which was analyzed using an independent sample t-test. Remission of suicidality was defined as 2 or below on the suicidality item (0 to 6 score). Results: 10 patients were included in this safety analysis. In both groups, suicidality remitted by session 3 on average and remission occurred for all patients by session 4. There was also no significantly different reduction in the suicidality item change score between the LAP-ST (mean=5.0, SD=1.0) and the standard RUL ECT group (mean=3.0, SD=1.0) (t (4) =-2.45, p = 0.07). Conclusion: Overall, LAP-ST appears to be safe and effective in terms of having fast remission of suicidality, with comparable magnitude of remission of suicidality to RUL ECT. Reference: Youssef NA, Sidhom E. Feasibility, Safety, and Preliminary Efficacy of Low Pulse Amplitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST): A Proof of Concept Clinical Trial in Man. Journal of Affective Disorders. 2017 Nov; 222:1-6. PubMed PMID: 28667887. Keywords: Electroconvulsive therapy, Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy, Depression, bipolar disorder
Proceedings #40: Effect of Cognitive Training with and without tDCS on Self- Report of Cognition in Older Adults with HIV Infection$$$ Introduction: HIV-associated neurocognitive deficit (HAND) has a prevalence of 30-50% in people living with HIV with commonly affected cognitive domains being learning, memory, and executive function.1 Pharmacological treatments such using combination antiretroviral therapy (cART) have nearly eliminated the most severe form of HAND, HIV- associated Dementia, however milder forms of cognitive impairment still occur.1,2,3 Despite viral load suppression, HAND does not improve with traditional therapy. Cardinal symptoms are bradykinesia and bradyphrenia as well as impaired prospective memory and difficulty in simple and choice reaction time tasks.1 We previously reported a preliminary study which suggested tDCS and cognitive training was superior to cognitive training alone in HIV-positive older adults.4 We did not previously report results of participants’ self-report of cognitive functions using the Patient's Assessment of Own Functioning (PAOF) scale. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the impact of cognitive training with or without tDCS on patient self report of difficulties in several cognitive domains. Methods: We used a free-to-play popular game called GT Racing 2 (Gameloft SE, Paris, France) requiring players to steer through simulated tracks of varying complexity. We enrolled nineteen participants 40 years of age and older with 16 completing the study (average age: 49.6; 12 men; 16 Black American and 3 whites) with HIV-related Mild Neurocognitive Disorder. Participants were randomly assigned to cognitive training with sham or active tDCS at 1.5mA x 20 minutes to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. They completed six 20-minute training sessions. We evaluated PAOF ratings in repeated measures analysis of covariance analyses as the interaction of time with treatment group, while controlling for demographic factors, immune status, and mood. Given the small sample size, we evaluated the impact of treatment using estimates of effect size (Cohen's d). Results: Our results suggest that cognitive training with tDCS has a statistically significant impact on self-report of difficulties in language (p =.04; d = 1.85), motor domains (p =.02; d = 2.24). Total PAOF ratings also differed between group (p =.04; d = 1.90) compared to cognitive training without tDCS. Treatment effects on the Memory and Cognitive/Intellectual subscales were non significant but associated with moderate to large effects (d = 0.81 and 1.31, respectively). We assessed the success of our blinding procedure by asking participants about their impression of what treatment group they were in. Most participants stated they believed they were in the active treatment group. The relation of participant belief to actual assignment was not statically significant. Discussion: These results are consistent with other studies showing tDCS may have a positive impact on cognitive training. Due to our small sample sizes, we analyzed effect sizes and assessing graphs of baseline and follow-up performance. Self-reports by participants showed improvement even after correcting for mood. Our observed changes in recall as well as PAOF showed larger effect sizes when depressive symptoms were accounted for compared to sham studies. Additionally, when mood was accounted for, our digit span backward and forward also had larger effect sizes. These results suggest that tDCS may have a useful role in improving cognition in HAND patients. This study is one of the first to investigate the potential usefulness of tDCS to enhance cognitive training effects in older adults with HIV. They support. Although we employed a single-blind design, participants were not able to identify their treatment assignment. Limitations of this study include our small sample size. Although results are suggestive, they await more definitive confirmation from a larger trial. A more extensive study allowing for a more thorough assessment of cognitive training and tDCS is currently under way. In this study assessments of additional factors related to participants’ function are included (R21 AG056256; NCT03440840). References: [1]: Woods, SP., Moore, DJ., Weber, W., Grant, I. “Cognitive Neuropsychology of HIV-Associated Neurocognitive Disorders”. Neuropsychol Rev (2009) 19:152–168 [2]: Wendelken, LA., Valcour, V. “Impact of HIV and aging on neuropsychological function”. J. Neurovirol. (2012) 18:256–263 [3]: Heaton, RK. et al. “The impact of HIV-associated neuropsychological impairment on everyday functioning”. Journal of the International Neuropsychological Society (2004), 10, 317–331. [4]: Ownby, RL., Acevedo, A. “A pilot study of cognitive training with and without transcranial direct current stimulation to improve cognition in older person with HIV-cognitive impairment”. Neuropsychiatric Disease and Treatment. 2016.
Precision stimulation of parietal lobe targets in neurodegenerative and neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ Background: Abnormal connectivity of parietal areas with other brain regions is well-documented in Alzheimer's disease (AD) and schizophrenia. Furthermore, for treatment of depression using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), the parietal/intraparietal sulcus has been identified as a potential novel target. Rigorous, efficient techniques for precise targeting of parietal sites are needed to advance rTMS research. Here we describe techniques we developed for targeted rTMS of the lateral parietal cortex (LPC). Methods: In the context of designing a sham-controlled study testing bilateral rTMS to either LPC or DLPFC in mild cognitive impairment (MCI) patients, we had to solve three problems that were particularly evident for the LPC target: (1) MRI-neuronavigation, i.e. implementation of a connectivity-based targeting strategy to guide coil positioning; (2) Coil maneuverability, i.e. ability to steer the coil easily without impeded access to the right and left scalp; (3) Somatosensory stimulation to mask active-sham assignments. Results: (1) MRI-neuronavigation – The left and right LPC targets are MNI coordinates [±47, -68, +36], near the angular gyri. The left target was selected based on Wang's (2014) parietal rTMS study; importantly, these targets are likely to have good-to-optimal functional connectivity with limbic nodes affected by AD. We created concise operator manuals to supplement the Localite TMS-Navigator manual. (2) Coil maneuverability – Because of the bulky headrest and treatment chair, it was not possible to reach the LPC scalp sites. We built a slim headrest for LPC participants to enable greater access. (3) Somatosensory stimulation – Based on consultation and trial runs, we opted to place surface electrodes near the nape of the neck to deliver a low-amplitude current. This procedure, combined with an A/P coil that has realistic sham clicks, should provide successful masking in double-blinded research. Future efforts will be directed toward a clinically practical procedure for parietal targeting, analogous to BeamF3. Keywords: TMS, neurology, Alzheimer's, parietal
Proceedings #3: Effects of Combining Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation with Mindfulness Training in Patients with Treatment-Resistant Depression: A Pilot Study$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique, which has yielded promising results in treating major depressive disorder. Meanwhile, substantial evidence supports the benefit of mindfulness-based treatment in relieving depression. Recent studies demonstrate that tDCS may enhance mindfulness meditation. The effect of combining tDCS with mindfulness practices remains to be explored. Methods: This pilot study enrolled 26 patients (women=18) with treatment-resistant unipolar depression (TRD). Patients were randomly assigned to 3 groups: a) tDCS + mindfulness training (n=8); b) tDCS only (n=9); c) sham tDCS (n=9). In tDCS treatment, 12 sessions of tDCS were administered with anode over F3 and cathode over F4. Each session delivered a current of 2mA for 30 minutes per ten working days, and at the 4th and 6th week. Regarding mindfulness training, 6 sessions of hourly, one-to-one mindfulness training were provided in 6 weeks. Severity of depression was determined by Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8 weeks. Results: Participants with TRD endorsed substantial symptoms of depression (MADRS mean=29.7, SD=7.2). In each group, scores of MADRS decreased significantly from week 2; the effect remained over 8 weeks. However, in these 3 groups, there is no detectable difference regarding the change of MADRS. Conclusions: This pilot study fails to demonstrate the effect of tDCS, alone or in combination of mindfulness training, in relieving TRD. Research with larger sample size is warranted, with the consideration of recruiting patients with milder disease severity 2 Introduction: Although progress has been made regarding the pharmacological and psychotherapeutic intervention of major depressive disorder, there are still up to 50% of patients with poor response to multiple trials of antidepressants, defined as treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Recently, non-invasive brain stimulation has emerged as a promising candidate. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for treating TRD; interests in transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is growing following its demonstrated efficacy on MDD. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique, which alters the membrane excitability of neurons in the cerebral cortex; it has yielded promising results in treating major depressive disorder. Given the encouraging findings of tDCS in MDD, several pilot studies have explored its effect in TRD patients, with mixed results. In a randomized controlled study applying 10 sessions of tDCS, there were no significant differences of depressive symptoms between active and sham groups after 4 weeks. Blumberger and his team extended that a 15-session tDCS was not efficacious in TRD (1). In another controlled study, tDCS efficacy on psychomotor and neuropsychological functioning in TRD is limited (2). On the contrary, the promising result from Dell'Osso el al. revealed that tDCS administered twice a day for 5 consecutive days help reduce depressive symptoms, particularly melancholic features (3). Another encouraging study conducted by Ferrucci applied the identical tDCS protocol among hospitalized patients with severe MDD; improvement was observed on day 5 and persisted to the end of 5 weeks (4). Meanwhile, substantial evidence supports the benefit of mindfulness-based cognitive therapy (MBCT) in relieving depression. MBCT is an 8-week program, in which a series of mindfulness practices are taught, along with cognitive-behavioral skills for the management of depression. MBCT has been proved to relieve residual depressive symptoms, accompanied with anatomical and functional neuronal changes (5), which is parallel with tDCS as a form of ‘top-down’ approach of depression. Recent studies demonstrate that tDCS may enhance mindfulness meditation, in terms of mood improvement and capability of mindful awareness (6). The effect of combining tDCS with mindfulness practices in treating depression remains to be explored. Given that effective treatment of TRD is highly demanded, we sought to examine the therapeutic potential of the combination of bifrontal tDCS and a 6-week, one-to-one mindfulness training in improving TRD. 3 Methods: This pilot study enrolled 26 patients (women=18) with treatment-resistant unipolar depression (TRD). TRD was defined as a failure to respond to at least 2 adequate trials of antidepressant regimen in the current depressive episode. Patients were randomly assigned to 3 groups: a) tDCS + mindfulness training (n=8); b) tDCS only (n=9); c) sham tDCS (n=9). In tDCS treatment, 12 sessions of tDCS were administered with anode over F3 and cathode over F4. Each session delivered a current of 2mA for 30 minutes per ten working days, and at the 4th and 6th week. Sham tDCS followed the identical protocol, despite that the electrical current was provided only at the first and the last minute of the 30-minute session. Regarding mindfulness training, 6 sessions of hourly, one-to-one mindfulness training were provided in 6 weeks. Contents of training were adapted from MBCT, however, with shortened mindfulness practices including body scan, sitting meditation, mindful movement and breathing space. Cognitive and behavioral skills of depression were introduced. Each session was followed by homework assignments, containing mindfulness practices for 20 minutes and mindful daily activities such as eating and walking. Severity of depression was determined by Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at 0, 2, 4, 6, and 8 weeks. This study conformed with the Declaration of Helsinki and has received proper Institutional Review Board approval (TCHIRB-10409114) on 2015/9/11. 4 Results: Our sample consisted of 18 women (69.2%) and 8 men. Prevalence of family history of psychiatric disorder (42.3%), emergency room visits for psychiatric purpose (50%) and suicide attempts (65.4%) was substantial. Participants with TRD endorsed prominent symptoms of depression (MADRS mean [SD] =29.7 [7.2]). In each group, scores of MADRS decreased significantly from week 2; the effect remained over 8 weeks. (p<0.001). However, in these 3 groups, there is no detectable difference regarding the change of MADRS. [Figure presented] [Figure presented] 5 Discussion and Conclusion: This pilot study fails to demonstrate the effect of tDCS, alone or in combination of mindfulness training, in relieving TRD. Research with larger sample size is warranted, with the consideration of recruiting patients with milder disease severity. References: (1) Blumberger DM, Tran LC, Fitzgerald PB, Hoy KE, Daskalakis ZJ. A randomized double-blind sham-controlled study of transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression. Frontiers in psychiatry 2012;3:74. (2) Bennabi D, Nicolier M, Monnin J, Tio G, Pazart L, Vandel P, et al. Pilot study of feasibility of the effect of treatment with tDCS in patients suffering from treatment-resistant depression treated with escitalopram. Clinical neurophysiology 2015;126:1185-9. (3) Dell'Osso B, Zanoni S, Ferrucci R, Vergari M, Castellano F, D'Urso N, et al. Transcranial direct current stimulation for the outpatient treatment of poor-responder depressed patients. Eur Psychiatry 2012;27:513-7. (4) Ferrucci R, Bortolomasi M, Vergari M, Tadini L, Salvoro B, Giacopuzzi M, et al. Transcranial direct current stimulation in severe, drug-resistant major depression. J Affect Disord 2009;118:215-9. (5) Holzel BK, Carmody J, Vangel M, Congleton C, Yerramsetti SM, Gard T et al. Mindfulness practice leads to increases in regional brain gray matter density. Psychiatry Res 2010; 191: 36-43. (6) Badran BW, Austelle CW, Smith NR, Glusman CE, Froeliger B, Garland EL et al. A Double-Blind Study Exploring the Use of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) to Potentially Enhance Mindfulness Meditation (E-Meditation). Brain Stimul. 2017;10(1):152-4. Acknowledgments: This study was supported by Department of Health, Taipei City Government (10501-62-051). We would like to express our gratitude for the technical support of Vanguard Trade Co., LTD and Sooma Oy.
The effect of intermittent theta-burst stimulation on the depressed brain: a sham controlled study with near-infrared spectroscopy$$$ Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is a brief form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and has been shown non-inferior regarding its clinical effect. However little is known about its underlying neurobiological mechanisms. In this double-blind randomized clinical trial, 37 patients with depression were given either active or sham iTBS over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex, with an angled coil, twice daily over a course of ten to fifteen days. In a subsequent open treatment phase, patients having earlier received sham iTBS were given active iTBS treatment. Both in the open and blind treatment phase, a two-channel functional near-infrared spectroscopy fNIRS system was applied over left and right forehead in order to access direct brain oxygenation changes before and after the magnetic brain stimulation. On the first and fifth treatment day in the blind phase, both groups showed similar change in oxygenated hemoglobin. Interestingly, on the last treatment day the groups differed significantly, with patients receiving active iTBS displaying a greater reduction in oxygenation values than those receiving sham iTBS in the left fNIRS channel only (F=6.26, p=0.019). However, a similar pattern did not reach statistical significance in the subsequent open treatment phase (F=1.06, p=0.316). The results of this study point at a lateralized effect over the left prefrontal cortex that is built up during the course of the iTBS treatment and might allow for better comprehension of the iTBS mechanisms in the brain. Keywords: iTBS, fNIRS, depression, anhedonia
Open Trial of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Youth with Treatment-Resistant Major Depression$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is common in youth and treatment options are limited. We evaluated the effectiveness and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in adolescents and transitional aged youth with treatment-resistant MDD. Methods: Thirty-two outpatients with moderate to severe, treatment-resistant MDD, aged 13 – 21 years underwent a three-week, open-label, single center trial of rTMS. rTMS was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using neuronavigation and administered for 15 consecutive weekdays (120% rest motor threshold; 40 pulses over 4 seconds [10 Hz]; inter-train interval, 26 seconds; 75 trains; 3000 pulses). The primary outcome measure was change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (Ham-D). Treatment response was defined as a greater than 50% reduction in Ham-D scores. Safety and tolerability were also examined. Results: rTMS was effective in reducing MDD symptom severity (t = 8.94, df = 31, p < 0.00001). We observed 18 (56%) responders (greater than 50% reduction in Ham-D score) and 14 non-responders to rTMS. Fourteen subjects (44%) achieved remission (Ham-D score ≤ 7 post-rTMS). There were no serious adverse events (i.e. seizures). Mild to moderate, self-limiting headaches (19%) and mild neck pain (16%) were reported. Participants ranked rTMS as highly tolerable. The retention rate was 91% and compliance rate (completing all study events) was 99%. Conclusions: Our single center, open trial suggests that rTMS is a safe and effective treatment for youth with treatment-resistant MDD. Larger randomized controlled trials are needed. Keywords: adolescent, depression, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, transcranial magnetic stimulation
Are side effect trajectories during rTMS for depression associated to treatment response?$$$ Introduction: According to the WHO, depression is the leading cause of disability worldwide. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is considered a first-line treatment for patients with treatment resistant depression. Side effects over the course of rTMS are not stable and tend to diminish over time (Humaria et al. poster submission to IBSC 2018). The mechanism associated to decrease side effects, particularly pain, may be associated to overlapping pathways involved in the pathogenesis of depression. The goal of this work is to compare investigate whether side effects trajectories are associated to treatment response with rTMS. Methods: 62 patients diagnosed with TRD were recruited and randomized to receive 20-30 treatment sessions of either HFL or iTBS to the L-DLPFC. Side effects were systematically assessed each treatment day both for immediate rTMS side effects and for last 24hrs side effects using a Likert scale for each side effect separately. Linear mixed models were used to model change over time, main effects, and interactions. Results: The three most common side effects were headache, fatigue, and pain/discomfort at stimulation site in both HFL and iTBS, We used a linear mixed effect model for each of these three side effects separately. Results showed, all three side effects decrease significantly overtime. Of the three main side effects, only headaches show an association to clinical response where responders to rTMS show a coefficient of -0.3 points (i.e patients who are responders have 0.3158 “less headache”. Discussion: Our results suggest the most frequent side effects are similar in HFL and iTBS. Headaches are associated to treatment response, but causality and directionality of the association remains to be elucidated. Future predictive models may benefit from incorporating side effects in the modeling. Keywords: rTMS, side effects, prediction
The heart-brain pathway in depression: Optimizing TMS treatment for depression using cardiac response (Neuro-Cardiac-Guided-TMS)$$$ The efficacy of rTMS, targeted at the Dorsolateral-Prefrontal-Cortex (DLPFC), to treat depression, has been well established. Currently, the clinical benefit of rTMS in depression is hypothesized to be mediated through the DLPFC-sgACC network, however to date there is no validated method that allows individualization of rTMS stimulation sites through target engagement. Previous studies demonstrated that stimulation of the DLPFC results in heart rate decelerations, indicating DLPFC-sgACC-vagus nerve connectivity. This suggests heart rate might serve as functional outcome measure of target engagement, which we validated in a recent pilot-study (Iseger et al., 2017). F3 and F4 stimulation resulted in the largest heart rate deceleration, in line with studies suggesting these are optimal 10-20 sites to target the DLPFC, however substantial individual variation was observed as well, suggesting possibilities for individualization. In a replication study we aimed to replicate these initial Neuro-Cardiac-Guided TMS (NCG-TMS) findings in an independent sample of 50 healthy subjects and in addition investigate dose-response effects. 5-second 10Hz rTMS trains were applied to 8 EEG sites, randomized to left- or right-sided-stimulation (F3/4; Fp1/2; AF3/4; FC3/4; F5/6; FC5/6; C3/4; F1/2). Interim analysis of 29 subjects demonstrated specific HR-deceleration limited to F3/4 and FC3/4, replicating Iseger et al. (2017). On an independent sample of treatment resistant depressed patients, NCG-TMS was investigated in response to intermittent Theta Burst rTMS (iTBS), where heart rate and blood pressure were collected during iTBS stimulation of the L-DLPFC. Comparisons between 10Hz and iTBS showed HR deceleration to iTBS was on average larger (-8.36 BPM) compared to 10 Hz rTMS (-1.85 BPM; ES: 1.239), and no consistent deceleration was observed for sham-iTBS and motor-strip 10Hz rTMS, indicating more pronounced effects of iTBS and site-specific heartrate deceleration. Keywords: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS); Target Engagement; Heart rate; intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS).
Proceedings #51: 4 mA Adaptive Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Treatment-Resistant Depression: Early Demonstration of Feasibility with a 20-Session Course$$$ Background: Evidence supporting the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) remains inconclusive. One suggested reason is that commonly used treatment protocols fail to deliver enough current to adequately modulate the neural targets. Methods: Single-blind clinical trial of high-dose (4 milliamp) tDCS targeting the prefrontal cortex to assess for safety, tolerability, and efficacy. Results: tDCS was safely applied to two patients with medication-resistant MDD. Both patients experienced significant improvements in depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Based on a short case series, this paper is the first to demonstrate that 4 mA tDCS can be safe, well-tolerated, and potentially efficacious in the treatment of MDD. We present some promising preliminary findings of safety and treatment efficacy for two patients who failed multiple antidepressant medications. 2 Introduction: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a worldwide problem, afflicting 1 in 23 people with a lifetime prevalence of 20.6%[1]. It is the leading causes of disability in the world[1]. New treatment options are desperately needed, as approximately 1/3 of patients fail to respond even after numerous pharmacotherapeutic trials[2]. Neuromodulation therapies have grown in popularity with the FDA approval of transcranial magnetic stimulation for MDD in 2008. Another form of neuromodulation, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), has been studied extensively for the treatment of MDD with mixed results[3]. tDCS involves the application of low-intensity electrical stimulation to different targets on the scalp. Usually the current delivered is in the range of 1 to 2.5 mA, with application for 20-30 minutes daily for several weeks. Some studies have suggested that higher current intensities, on the order of 4.5 mA or more, are needed to adequately modulate neuronal activity in the brain, whereas those 3 mA and lower failed to do so[4]. Similarly, a meta-analysis of tDCS studies for MDD has proposed that higher tDCS “doses” would lead to greater clinical effects[5]. To date, no studies have attempted to apply currents greater than 2.5 mA to the prefrontal cortex of patients with MDD[6]. This dose has been demonstrated safe in other populations, such as stroke patients[7–9]. This trial aimed to investigate the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of 4 mA tDCS applied to the prefrontal cortex of subjects suffering from a major depressive episode. 3 Methods: Subjects: This was a single-blind (rater blinded) clinical trial conducted with IRB approval at Washington University in St. Louis and registered with Clinicaltrials.gov. Patients were recruited from the Washington University Treatment Resistant Depression Registry and advertisements placed around the hospital campus. Patients were screened by phone and then by expert psychiatric interview using the Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview (MINI) prior to enrollment, and met criteria for a DSM-5 diagnosis of major depressive disorder. Other medications were continued with treatment as usual. Device and Stimulation: The tDCS device used was a tDCS 1x1 model 1300A (Ybrain, Republic of Korea) and the headband and stimulation pads (5x5 cm) were Soterix Medical SNAPstraps and SNAPpads (Soterix Medical, New York, NY). Anode was placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) scalp region, and cathode was placed over the right DLPFC region. The stimulation protocol was 4mA current delivered for 20 minutes duration with a brief 30-second ramp-up and ramp-down for tolerability. Subjects had continuous access to the Ybrain Android-based tablet software that gave them the ability to temporarily ramp down (“RELAX”) the stimulation intensity by pressing a button if it became uncomfortable. Stimulation was delivered 5 days per week for 4 weeks. Task engagement was standardized - all patients were given adult coloring books and instructed to color for the duration of stimulation. Evaluations: Evaluations were conducted by trained, blinded psychiatrists at the following time points: pre-stimulation; post-10 stimulations (halfway point); post-20 stimulations; 1-week follow-up; 2-week follow-up. The raters were not told the specifics of the study and led to believe that some patients may receive sham treatments during the trial. The primary outcome measure was a change in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores. Additional outcome measures included the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17), the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A), the Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI), the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self Report (QIDS-SR), the Montreal Cognitive Assessment (MOCA), the NIH Toolbox Cognitive and Emotional Batteries, the Temperament and Character Inventory (TCI), and the Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire (Q-LES-Q), amongst other tests. Physical and neurologic exams were conducted weekly, and patients were assessed daily by a physician to monitor for side effects. Pain visual analog scales (VAS) were recorded six times during each stimulation session to ensure safety and tolerance of the treatments (baseline, 2 mins, 5 mins, 10 mins, 15 mins, and 18 mins into stimulation). 4 Results: No statistical analyses were conducted as this is an ongoing clinical trial. At the time of this writing, two patients (n=2) had successfully completed the tDCS protocol (Table 1). Both patients were diagnosed with unipolar major depressive disorder, and neither had any psychiatric comorbidities. Both patients tolerated the treatment well, noting scalp pain and tingling during the stimulation, but otherwise no headaches, scalp burns, or other side effects. There were no changes on serial physical or neurologic exams. The patients on average complained of VAS scales of pain ranging from 1-3 out of 10 (Table 1). Notably, neither patient had to press the “RELAX” button to decrease stimulus intensity at any point (Table 1). [Figure presented] [Figure presented] On all depression measures (MADRS, HAMD-17, QIDS-SR, CGI) patients demonstrated improvement from baseline to week 4 (Table 1 & Figure 1), with robust responses as early as week 2. Patient 2 maintained these benefits out to the 2-week follow-up visit, but patient 1 did not (Figure 1). Also notably, improvements were seen in anxiety (HAM-A), quality of life (Q-LES-Q), and a cumulative measure of cognitive flexibility and reasoning on the NIH Toolbox termed Fluid Intelligence (Table 1). Other measures of cognition (MOCA and NIH Toolbox Crystallized Intelligence) did not change significantly. 5 Discussion and Conclusion: Use of 4 mA tDCS appears to be safe, well-tolerated, and potentially efficacious in the treatment of major depressive disorder. Considering the equivocal results often found with meta-analyses of 1-2 mA tDCS for MDD, as well as the suggestions in the literature that higher “doses” of tDCS may lead to improved efficacy of treatment, this represents a significant finding which should prompt further investigation of higher-dose tDCS for MDD and other neuropsychiatric illnesses. The improvements in anxiety and cognitive functioning seen as well in this single-blind study warrant further investigation with larger study samples and sham-controlled protocols. References: [1] Friedrich MJ. Depression Is the Leading Cause of Disability Around the World. JAMA 2017. doi:10.1001/jama.2017.3826. [2] Warden D, Rush AJ, Trivedi MH, Fava M, Wisniewski SR. The STAR*D project results: A comprehensive review of findings. Curr Psychiatry Rep 2007. doi:10.1007/s11920-007-0061-3. [3] Loo CK, Husain MM, McDonald WM, Aaronson S, O'Reardon JP, Alonzo A, et al. International randomized-controlled trial of transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in depression. Brain Stimul 2018. doi:10.1016/j.brs.2017.10.011. [4] Voroslakos M, Takeuchi Y, Brinyiczki K, Zombori T, Oliva A, Fernandez-Ruiz A, et al. Direct effects of transcranial electric stimulation on brain circuits in rats and humans. Nat Commun 2018. doi:10.1038/s41467-018-02928-3. [5] Brunoni AR, Moffa AH, Fregni F, Palm U, Padberg F, Blumberger DM, et al. Transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: meta-analysis of individual patient data. Br J Psychiatry 2016. doi:10.1192/bjp.bp.115.164715. [6] Borrione L, Moffa AH, Martin D, Loo CK, Brunoni AR. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in the Acute Depressive Episode 2018;00:1–11. doi:10.1097/YCT.0000000000000512. [7] Antal A, Alekseichuk I, Bikson M, Brockmöller J, Brunoni AR, Chen R, et al. Low intensity transcranial electric stimulation: Safety, ethical, legal regulatory and application guidelines. Clin Neurophysiol 2017. doi:10.1016/j.clinph.2017.06.001. [8] Bikson M, Grossman P, Thomas C, Zannou AL, Jiang J, Adnan T, et al. Safety of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation: Evidence Based Update 2016. Brain Stimul 2016. doi:10.1016/j.brs.2016.06.004. [9] Chhatbar PY, Chen R, Deardorff R, Dellenbach B, Kautz SA, George MS, et al. Safety and tolerability of transcranial direct current stimulation to stroke patients – A phase I current escalation study. Brain Stimul 2017. doi:10.1016/j.brs.2017.02.007.
A two-site, open-label, non-randomized update, suggests focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST) may have a reduced time to re-orientation compared to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (UBP-RUL ECT)$$$ Background: Focal Electrically Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) is a form of ECT which maximally focuses the electrical stimulus to the frontal lobe. Recent open-label studies suggest that FEAST's enhanced focality may lead to reduced cognitive side effects (1, 2), however there are no studies directly comparing FEAST to other forms of ECT (such as Right Unilateral Ultra-Brief Pulse Electroconvulsive therapy (UBP-RUL-ECT). We subsequently compared the efficacy, and cognitive side effect burden of FEAST and UBP-RUL-ECT. Methods: In a non-randomized, open-label fashion, 28 depressed adults were recruited after being referred for ECT. Seventeen received FEAST (12 women; age 44.8±13.4), and 9 received UBP-RUL-ECT (6 women; age 45.3±15.6). The time to reorientation, a predictor of amnestic effects, was assessed at each treatment and served as our marker of cognitive side effect burden. Efficacy was assessed prior to, and after the treatment course using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24). Results: Those receiving FEAST, had a numeric reduction in median time to reorientation (FEAST = 5.1±4.9 minutes; UBP-RUL-ECT = 7.9±7.4 minutes). There was a numeric advantage for both average reduction in HRSD24 (average reduction: FEAST = 58.5±18.0%; UBP-RUL-ECT = 65.0±20.6%, and response rate (50% reduction in HRSD24: FEAST = 64%; UBP-RUL-ECT = 78%) in favor of UBP-RUL-ECT. Conclusions: This data further supports the hypothesis that treatment with FEAST may have a milder cognitive side effect profile as compared to conventional ECT. While FEAST displays a marked antidepressant effect, it continues to remain unclear if it is as efficacious as UBP-RUL-ECT. Keywords: FEAST, ECT, Depression
IMPROVEMENT IN BORDERLINE PERSONALITY DISORDER SYMPTOMS WITH DORSOMEDIAL PREFRONTAL CORTEX rTMS: TWO CASES$$$ Borderline Personality Disorder (BPD) is a mental illness characterized with impulsiveness, both interpersonal relationships and emotional disturbance. Symptoms are related to hypofunction of frontal areas like Dorsomedial Prefrontal Cortex (DMPFC). Psychotherapy is the base treatment in this disease, but economic costs and long-time therapy have difficulted the attachment. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation(rTMS), authorized by Food&Drug Administration (FDA) on Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) treatment has proven good results in previous works in BPD clinical characteristics on both dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and enhancement in depressive symptoms stimulating DMPFC. We present two clinical cases with BPD symptomatology improvement.Case I: A, 20-year-old woman, diagnosed with BPD five years ago, history of impulsiveness, self-harm and suicidal attempts. Referred depressive and binge episodes, low self-esteem and anger trouble management. Substance use history, suspended a year ago. Not psychotic symptoms presented.Case II: J, 20-year-old man, recent BPD diagnosis, history of high depressive and anxiety episodes, low self-esteem and unstable interpersonal relationships. No history of substance abuse or psychotic symptoms. Both patients got diagnosis confirmed and baseline clinical evaluations. No abnormal brain electrical activity was presented. They underwent through 5 Hz rTMS 30 sessions, one per weekday, 30 trains, 50 pulses each, with 10s inter-train interval; first half was an active modality, second half in a placebo mode. Both patients got symptoms severity evaluation, showing improvement from Baseline to Final (BvsF) scores in BPD clinical areas (Global Clinical Impression, CGI-BPD: A(39 vs 14), J(20 vs 15); Borderline-Symptoms-List, BSL:A(48 vs 12), J(10 vs 9)), depression and anxiety symptoms through Hamilton Depression (HDRS; A(23 vs 8), J(14 vs 5)) and Anxiety Rating-Scale (HARS; A(24 vs 3), J(9 vs 3)), respectively. CONCLUSIONS: Although rTMS proved enhancement on BPD symptoms, evidence is limited on the efficacy of this technique in this pathology. Keywords: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, Borderline Personality Disorder, Emotional Disturbance, Unstable Interpersonal Relationships, Anxiety, Depressive
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for Tourette's syndrome in children: A pilot study$$$ Introduction. Tourette's syndrome (TS) is a neurodevelopmental disorder characterized by tics. Due to these and multiple associated comorbidities, children often require treatment but options are limited and carry side effects. New interventions are needed. The goal of this study is to determine the safety, tolerability, and possible effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the severity of tics and underlying neurobiology in children with TS. We hypothesize that (1) severity of tics will decrease with treatment and (2) gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) will increase while glutamate will decrease in the supplementary motor area (SMA) with rTMS. Methods. Open label, uncontrolled, phase IIa clinical trial. Children aged 6-18 with severe TS (Yale Global Tic Severity Scale (YGTSS) score >22) were recruited from a pediatric TS clinic. Motor task fMRI generated individualized maps of the SMA. These were uploaded to a TMS neuro-navigation system (Brainsight2) and synchronized with a TMS robot (Axilum). Treatment consisted of 1800 low-frequency (1 Hz) rTMS stimulations to the SMA bilaterally for 15 consecutive weekdays. The primary outcome was change in YGTSS symptom ratings. Magnetic resonance spectroscopy was completed using a MEGAPRESS 1H-MRS protocol placing voxels in the SMA and the left and right primary motor areas. Additional outcomes include mental health scales. Results. The first nine participants are presented (median 11 years, 2 female). A decrease in tic severity was found following treatment (mean 59%, 95% CI, p=0.01). Spectroscopy analysis showed trends of increased GABA and decreased glutamate concentrations in the SMA and primary motor area of the dominant hand motor cortex, with the opposite trend in the non-dominant hemisphere. Anxiety and depression symptom scales improved post-treatment. Procedures were well-tolerated. Conclusion. Robot-driven, personalized, neuro-navigated rTMS interventions appear feasible in children with TS. Ancillary tools may inform mechanisms of action. Future randomized trials are required to demonstrate efficacy. Keywords: rTMS, Tourette's syndrome, neuroimaging, pediatrics
Alpha-synchronized stimulation of the left DLPFC in depression using real-time EEG-triggered TMS$$$ High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) shows therapeutic potential in patients with major depression. However, clinical efficacy is limited by high inter-individual variability and low response rates. Recently it was shown in human motor cortex that synchronizing TMS pulses with instantaneous brain oscillations reduces variability and increases efficacy of TMS-induced plasticity, but it remained unclear whether such a paradigm is feasible, safe and has neuromodulatory effects when targeting the DLPFC of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Using real-time EEG-triggered TMS we conducted a randomized controlled trial of alpha-synchronized rTMS of left DLPFC in 17 patients with unipolar antidepressant-resistant MDD. Subjects underwent three separate single sessions of either i) alpha-synchronized rTMS triggered at the trough of instantaneous alpha oscillations, ii) intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), or iii) a control condition (Replay), in which TMS was applied with the same temporal stimulus sequence as during alpha-synchronized rTMS (i.e. not phase-locked to the instantaneous oscillatory neural activity). All 17 subjects completed all aspects of the study protocol without serious adverse events. Two subjects reported mild transient discomfort at the site of stimulation during all rTMS interventions and one subject reported mild headache lasting until the next day after iTBS. Reliably triggering TMS synchronized to the trough of local endogenous alpha oscillations in left DLPFC was feasible in 15 subjects. Alpha-synchronized rTMS, but not iTBS or Replay, reduced resting-state alpha activity in left DLPFC and increased TMS-induced beta oscillations over frontocentral channels. Findings show that real-time EEG-triggered alpha-synchronized rTMS of left DLPFC is both feasible and safe in patients with MDD, and suggest that it has neurophysiological effects that seem to differ from non-alpha-synchronized rTMS. Future studies need to investigate the therapeutic potential of alpha-synchronized rTMS in MDD. Keywords: alpha oscillation, major depression, EEG-synchronization, rTMS
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for depression in pregnancy: a pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Depression in pregnancy may adversely affect maternal and child outcomes. Antidepressants are the main treatment option for moderate and severe depression, but may pose risks to the developing fetus. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a non-invasive brain stimulation treatment for depression, has not been evaluated in pregnancy. We aimed to assess the feasibility of conducting a randomized controlled trial of tDCS for the treatment of depression in pregnancy. Methods: In this pilot randomized sham-controlled trial, pregnant women with moderate or severe depression, who had declined antidepressant medication therapy, were recruited from 2 reproductive mental health clinics in Toronto, Canada (2014-2016) and randomly assigned 1:1 to tDCS or a sham-control. Active tDCS comprised 30-minute sessions of 2 mAmp direct current delivered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, 5 days per week, for 3 weeks. Sham treatment was administered similarly to tDCS, but with current turned off after 30 seconds. Main outcomes were recruitment feasibility, treatment acceptability and trial protocol adherence. The Maternal Montgomery Asperg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) was measured post-treatment, at 4, and 12 weeks postpartum. Results: 20 women consented to enter the trial and were randomized (10 tDCS and 10 sham); 16 completed treatment and provided final endpoint data. Women's views of treatment were very positive. In 124 tDCS and 122 sham sessions, there were no serious adverse events. Post-treatment mean MADRS scores were 11.8 for tDCS and 15.4 for sham. At 4 weeks postpartum, 75.0% of women in the tDCS group had reached remission compared vs. 12.5% in the sham group (p=0.04). Conclusions: A randomized clinical trial to evaluate tDCS for depression in pregnant women is feasible to conduct with a trial protocol acceptable to women. Preliminary estimates of efficacy are encouraging, especially with regard to the key clinical outcome of postpartum depressive symptoms. Keywords: tDCS, pregnancy, clinical trial
Effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Cognition in late life depression$$$ Background: Cognitive deficits are highly prevalent in patients with late life depression (LLD) and are known to persist in spite of successful antidepressant treatment. Preclinical and clinical studies suggest that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may enhance cognition however its effects in patients with LLD are not known. Methods: This randomized double blind sham controlled pilot study assessed the effects of a 2 week course of bilateral anodal active/sham tDCS of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on cognition in participants with LLD in remission. Working memory was assessed using N Back task and global cognition was assessed with a neuropsychological battery at baseline and at 14 and 90 days post intervention. Results: Thirty three participants were enrolled, out of which 18 (female = 13, mean (SD) age = 66. 3 (5.8) years) were randomized to active tDCS and 15 (female = 9, mean (SD) age = 66. 7 (5.8) years) to sham tDCS. All participants in the active group completed the tDCS course. One participant from the sham tDCS group dropped out during the intervention due to travel difficulties. There were no differences between the groups on working memory or other cognitive measures. On post hoc within group comparisons, active tDCS group showed improved performance on 1-back task at days 14 and 90 post intervention but the sham tDCS group showed improvement only on post day 14. Further, both groups showed improved performance within groups on working memory and neuropsychological measures. Conclusions: tDCS was well tolerated in patients with remitted LLD however it did not improve cognition beyond sham tDCS. Both groups showed practice effects. Improvement in attention was perhaps more sustained with tDCS. Future studies should explore longer duration of tDCS course and combine tDCS with cognitive exercises to exploit practice effects in patients with LLD. Keywords: tDCS, Late-life depression, Cognition
Abstract #151: Long Term Outcomes from a Remotely Supervised tDCS Trial for Symptom Management in Multiple Sclerosis$$$ Introduction: MS is a neurodegenerative, autoimmune disease associated with significant symptom burden such as fatigue, cognitive impairment, motor dysfunction, and depression. Thus, there is a need for therapeutic options for accessible symptom management. tDCS is an emerging neuromodulation treatment that delivers low amperage direct current (≈2 mA) to targeted brain regions through scalp electrodes. tDCS is thought to lower the neuronal threshold required for action potentials and is often used to augment the benefit achieved through repetitive stimulation. Recent studies have demonstrated that at-home, remotely supervised tDCS (RS-tDCS) sessions can are successful in reducing fatigue in MS, studies have yet to elucidate the longevity of symptom benefit. Methods: Participants with MS (N = 26) were recruited to complete a 20 sessions of RS-tDCS over a four-week period (5 sessions per week). We utilized a left anodal dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) montage as the target point for the treatment. The tDCS stimulation was at 2.0 mA. Surveys were completed at least one month following completion of the last RS-tDCS session asking whether any treatment benefit was achieved and whether it was sustained. Half the participants (N =13) received a sham/placebo stimulation, while the other half of the participants (N = 13) received the active stimulation. Both lab technicians and participants were blinded to the participant's conditions. Results: 65% of all participants reported treatment benefit. 92% (N =12) among the active participants and 38% (N = 5) among sham participants experienced benefit. The active group experienced a greater rate of benefit compared to the sham group (p<0.001). Furthermore, half of the participants assigned to the active condition that reported experiencing benefit also indicated that the benefit persisted (50%) and only a single participant who experienced benefit in the sham condition indicated that benefit persisted (20%). Conclusion: RS-tDCS results in symptom improvement in an MS cohort both immediately after the treatment finishes as well as, for many participants, after one month after treatment finishes. More clinical research should be done to elucidate the mechanism of long-lasting neural change due to tDCS that may help to improve MS symptoms. Longer studies should be done to examine whether self-reported benefit increases with number of sessions.
A Randomized Controlled Study of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Treatment of Generalized Anxiety Disorder$$$ Objective: Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is one of the most common psychiatric disorders. A considerable number of patients do not respond well to standard medicinetreatmentsorhavesideeffects. Recentneuroimaging studies haveshownabnormalcorticalactivitiesinsome brain regions in GAD patients. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a neuromodulation technique which is able to modulate cortical activity locally and non-invasively. In this context, tDCS providesapotential alternative treatment approach for GAD patients. This study aims to explore the therapeutic effects andsafety of tDCS in GAD patients. Method: TwentypatientswiththediagnosisofGADwere enrolled and randomly divided into realstimulation and sham groups. Inrealstimulation group,the cathode wasplaced over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and the anode was placed over the leftmastoidprocess, with a direct current of 2.0 mA for 20 minutes per day. In sham group, the transient stimulation (10 seconds) was given only at the beginning and the end of the stimulation. Totally10-day treatment was given for each patient. Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety(HAMA) and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) were evaluated at baseline, 2-week, 4-week and 8-week after treatment. Result: Twenty patients were enrolled in the study. Ten patients were assigned to real stimulation group and ten patients to sham stimulation group. Compared to baseline, there was a significant improvement of HAMA scores in real stimulation group at 2-week, 4-week, 8-week after treatment (p < 0.05). No improvement of HAMA scores in sham stimulation group through the study. Compared to sham group, there was animprovement of HAMA scores in real stimulation group at 2-week after treatment although it was not statistically significant. Conclusion: This study suggests that tDCS may be a potential treatment for GAD. Keywords: transcranial direct current stimulation, generalized anxiety disorder
NMDA receptor-dependent synaptic plasticity of rTMS$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), a non-invasive form of brain stimulation, produces lasting changes in the brain to treat depression and other brain disorders. Emphasis on clinical indications and efficacy have far outpaced a mechanistic understanding of how these changes are produced. Animal models demonstrate the effects of long-term potentiation (LTP) including increased GluA1-subtype of AMPA receptors, increased spine size, and NMDA receptor-dependence lasting over 2 hours produced by 10 Hz magnetic stimulation. In humans, NMDA receptor antagonist dextromethorphan (DMO) enhanced inhibition and reduced facilitation in one study; and in another, blocked the potentiation and depression induced by intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) and continuous (c)TBS, respectively. On the other hand, d-cycloserine, a partial agonist of NMDA receptors, enhanced LTP in animal models and prolonged the duration of potentiation by anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Replication of these seminal studies are lacking. Moreover, we do not understand how patterned (i.e. theta-burst) or paired protocols compare mechanistically to FDA-approved simple repetitive (r)TMS protocols. To our knowledge, pharmacologic manipulation of unpaired simple rTMS has not been studied to date. In this study, we propose to test the sufficiency of NMDA receptor-dependent synaptic plasticity using d-cycloserine on motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) and high-definition electroencephalography (hd-EEG) over the motor cortex of healthy controls. D-cycloserine will be compared to placebo and dextromethorphan combined with d-cycloserine, as a negative control group, to support the specificity of the mechanism and to replicate previous studies. We hypothesize enhanced potentiation and duration compared to placebo and in combination with DMO. A better understanding of the mechanism of action of TMS promises to optimize its use, and moves towards destigmatization of mental health disorders and their treatments through biological understanding. Keywords: rTMS, plasticity, NMDA receptor, d-cycloserine
Recent developments in non-invasive brain stimulation for adolescents with major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: This presentation will survey existing, recent, and ongoing studies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for adolescents with depression. Methods: Dr. Paul Croarkin will review recent efforts focused on non-invasive brain stimulation research in adolescent depression. The presentation will highlight the existing evidence base, recent data, research design challenges, and ethical considerations. Results: Numerous open-label studies suggest that 10 Hz rTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is an effective approach for adolescents with moderate to severe depression. A multicenter, randomized controlled trial of 10 Hz rTMS will provide the largest data set to date for adolescents with depression. Another federally funded study is currently recruiting and will compare the clinical effects of 1 Hz vs. 10 Hz rTMS for adolescents with depression. This study also provides an opportunity to further develop tonic and phasic glutamatergic and GABAergic biomarkers at the bench and bedside. Recent, related murine work with varying intensities of rTMS suggests variable neurobiological effects to inform study designs. Other recent data also suggest that suicidality may improve in adolescents undergoing treatment 10 Hz rTMS. Targeting suicidality in future study designs may present opportunities to examine the neurobiology of suicidality across development while concurrently addressing inherent research design challenges in working with adolescents. There are minimal data focused on the use of tDCS for adolescent depression. An ongoing protocol examining the effects of tDCS for adolescents with epilepsy and comorbid depression will be reviewed. Discussion: Future efforts with rTMS could provide a valuable therapeutic tool for depression in adolescents. While limited at present, systematic work with tDCS is important in determining clinical effects as tDCS could have pragmatic advantages. Study focused on the related neurobiology and ethics of these modalities in youth must remain at the forefront of these efforts. Keywords: Depression, Adolescent, TMS, tDCS
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of chronic subjective non-pulsatile primary tinnitus - case report$$$ Therapy of subjective chronic primary tinnitus is difficult. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is currently being tested for suppressing the symptoms. However, effect of stimulation remains controversial. Fifty-three adult patients suffering from chronic subjective non-pulsatile primary unilateral or bilateral tinnitus for at least 6 months were included in the study. Patients were randomly assigned into rTMS stimulation group (group 1), sham stimulation group (group 2) and group with medicament therapy only (group 3). Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (frequency 25 Hz; 300 pulses; 80% resting motor threshold=RMT) and primary auditory cortex on both sides (1 Hz; 1000 pulses; 110% RMT) were stimulated in patients in rTMS stimulation group for 5 consecutive days. Tinnitus reaction questionnaire (TRQ), tinnitus handicap questionnaire (THQ), tinnitus handicap inventory (THI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), pure-tone audiometry with Fowler scoring of hearing loss and tinnitus analysis were used for evaluation of tinnitus in all patients. Data was recorded in the day patient was included in the study, during follow-up after 1 month and 6 months. We would like to present a case report of two patients from group 1 with a positive effect rTMS during follow-up after 1 month and 3 months who worsened at 6th month or shortly after the end of study. A common cause for this deterioration was change in socioeconomic status of patients. Keywords: rTMS, tinnitus, socioeconomic status
Intermittent theta burst stimulation of cerebellar vermis in schizophrenia: impact on negative symptoms and brain connectivity$$$ Background: Negative symptoms and cognitive deficits predict disability in schizophrenia, and are often resistant to treatment. Novel interventions (e.g., Theta Burst Stimulation or TBS) delivered to novel brain targets (e.g., cerebellar vermis) have shown promise in open-label trials. Methodology: In a double blind randomised controlled trial we randomized 60 schizophrenia patients with persistent negative symptoms, to receive intermittent TBS (iTBS; n=30) or sham TBS (n=30). They received 600-pulses of neuronavigation-guided cerebellar vermis TBS (area VIIB) twice daily, four hours apart for five days, with an intensity of 80% of active motor threshold. Patients underwent assessments of positive and negative symptoms, depression, extrapyramidal symptoms and cognition at baseline, sixth-day and six-weeks after the intervention. Resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging was performed at baseline and on the sixth-day after intervention. Results: Mixed-models repeated measures analysis showed significant time effect for negative symptoms (Scale for Assessment of Negative Symptoms total score; F= 37.433, P<0.001), i.e. improvement in both the arms, but no significant group*time interaction (F=0.630, p=0.536). There was no significant difference in change in cognitive functions between the two groups. Two patients belonging to iTBS arm showed symptoms of hypomania/mania during the intervention, which subsided subsequently. Seed Based Analysis (FMRIB Software Library) demonstrated increased connectivity between the cerebellar vermis area VIIB and the right superior and middle frontal gyri and frontal pole after the course of iTBS (798 voxels, pcluster-FWE = 0.016). There was no significant change observed in the sham group. Conclusion: Both, active and sham cerebellar-iTBS improved negative symptoms in this sample; however, the active treatment resulted in significant increase in functional connectivity between the cerebellum and the right prefrontal cortex – an important circuit underlying negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Future trials may examine modified stimulation and delivery settings to generate improvement beyond the observed placebo response. Keywords: Schizophrenia, Negative symptoms, intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation, Cerebellar vermis
Accelerated neurostimulation in major depression: insights from brain imaging$$$ Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) paradigms are currently used to improve treatment in major depressive disorder (MDD). Although these new treatment algorithms seem to be able to alleviate mood over a relatively short period of time, days instead of weeks, neuronal changes regarding clinical outcome remain unclear. We extensively evaluated the effects of two accelerated rTMS protocols on brain processing related to clinical outcome. 1H MR spectroscopy showed no negative influences on neuronal integrity; however, clinical improvement was related to significant GABA increases in the left DLPFC, suggesting impact on the stress system. Like other antidepressant treatments, beneficial outcome resulted in metabolic decreases in the subgenual cingulate cortex (sgACC). Functional connectivity changes between the sgACC and the (orbito)prefrontal regions showed not only to be of the essence for the antidepressant response but also to negative thinking styles. Moreover, after placebo accelerated iTBS, frontopolar prefrontal perfusion decreases, were accompanied by a significant attenuation of suicide ideation. Finally, connectome analyses showed that more densely interconnected regions, especially when actively stimulated, may be of essence to explain the clinical improvement, already present after 4 days of accelerated neurostimulation. Accelerated stimulation paradigms seem to be safe, and the effects on the brain -already present after just a few days of stimulation - are conform the neurobiological effects found with other antidepressant treatment modalities. Keywords: Brain imaging, depression, rTMS, accelerated
Acute accelerated high frequency TMS augments homovanillic acid and 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid in the cerebrospinal fluid of healthy dogs$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is thought to exert its anti –depressant action through the serotonergic and dopaminergic system. Nonetheless, only the immediate effects on these systems have been thoroughly studied. Therefore, this study aimed to evaluate the effects - immediate and long-lasting - of an acute and chronic accelerated high frequency repetitive rTMS (aHF-rTMS) on dopamine, serotonin and their metabolites in the cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) and serum of healthy beagle dogs. Hypothesis: It was hypothesized that aHF-rTMS modulates the concentrations of dopamine (DA), homovanillic acid (HVA), 3,4-dihydroxyphenylacetic acid (DOPAC), serotonin (5-HT) and 5-hydroxyindoleacetic acid (5-HIAA) in the CSF and serum. Methodology: 22 dogs were randomly divided into 3 unequal groups: 5 active sessions (n=10), 20 active sessions (n=8), 20 sham sessions (n=4). Each dog received an anatomical MRI accompanied by neuronavigation, followed by an aHF-rTMS treatment over the left frontal cortex. At baseline, 24 hours, 1 month and 3 months after the last stimulation session serum and CSF were collected. Concentrations of DA, HVA, DOPAC, 5-HT and 5-HIAA were measured. Significance was set at 0.05. Results: Only for the monoamine metabolites HVA and DOPAC a significant increase from baseline 3 months after the 5-session protocol was detected in CSF(adjusted P-value =0.03 and adjusted P-value = 0.01 respectively). No changes in 5-HT or 5-HIAA were noticeable in the CSF. In the serum, no changes in the monoamines and metabolites concentrations were observed. Conclusion: Only the 5 sessions aHF-rTMS protocol showed late changes in the central dopaminergic system. Although this study was not able to show any changes in DA, its metabolites were significantly increased 3 months after stimulation. This delayed increase of the DA metabolites could indicate that the effect of acute aHF-rTMS is mediated by the dopaminergic system Keywords: Monoamines, Dog, rTMS, Frontal cortex
Clinical effects of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive emotional training in patients with treatment resistant depression$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising treatment for major depressive disorder, but to date has shown limited efficacy in treatment resistant patients. TDCS can be augmented through the delivery of a concurrent psychological intervention designed to activate dysfunctional neural circuitry associated with depression. This study sought to investigate clinical effects of combining tDCS with cognitive emotional training (CET) and to identify predictors of antidepressant response. Thirty participants with treatment resistant depression received concurrent tDCS, and training on an Emotional Faces Memory Task, three times a week for six weeks in an open-label study design. Depression severity and cognitive functioning were assessed at baseline and immediately following the course of treatment. Resting state and task-related brain activity were also collected using electroencephalography (EEG) in a subsample of 20 participants. Neurophysiological and behavioural measures were examined as potential predictors of antidepressant response. Antidepressant severity was significantly reduced at the end of 18 treatment sessions (p0.05). Regression analyses found that baseline frontal alpha asymmetry (r=0.57, p=0.009) and recognition accuracy for sad faces (r=0.47, p=0.01) were significant predictors of antidepressant efficacy. This novel intervention, which combined an emotional training task with concurrent tDCS, shows encouraging clinical effects in treatment resistant patients. Baseline emotion recognition and neuroimaging might be able to identify responders to this intervention. Further research is needed using an appropriate control condition to account for placebo effects. The addition of concurrent CET during tDCS appears to be a promising method for augmentation and optimisation of tDCS therapeutic efficacy in depression. Keywords: tDCS, depression, EEG
Functional connectivity changes with targeted rTMS of the dorsal attention network in TBI-associated depression$$$ Objective: To modulate specific brain network interactions using rTMS in a clinical trial for depression following traumatic brain injury (TBI). Background: While rTMS is believed to induce functional connectivity (FC) changes, this is challenging to study due to inter-individual variability in brain network architecture. Advances in resting-state fMRI (rsfMRI) technology have led to the recent advent/validation of individualized resting-state network (RSN) mapping, which may help to overcome this hurdle. Methods: As part of a pilot randomized-controlled trial, 9 subjects with TBI-associated depression received sequential left-sided excitatory and right-sided inhibitory rTMS, while 5 received sham. 17 minutes of rsfMRI was collected before and after treatment. Treatment was targeted to an individualized node with strong anti-correlation between dorsal attention network (DAN) and default mode network (DMN). A general linear model (GLM) was used to assess differences between active/sham, change in connectivity, and antidepressant efficacy (change in MADRS). Results: Mean MADRS improvement was 54% (SD 25%) with active treatment and 25% (SD 34%) with sham. Antidepressant efficacy was inversely related to baseline subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) connectivity with the right stimulation site (r= -0.68, p=0.04). Treatment led to significant increase in DMN-sgACC connectivity (standardized β effect size=1.2, 95% CI [0.1,2.3]), left stimulation site-sgACC anti-correlation (β=-1.0 [-1.9,-0.1]), and interhemispheric stimulation site connectivity (β=1.2 [0.1,2.3]). Antidepressant response further covaried with changes in DMN-sgACC connectivity (β=1.7 [0.4,3.0]), within-sgACC connectivity (β=1.4 [0.1,2.7]), left stimulation site anti-correlation with sgACC (β= -1.8 [-3.0,-0.7]), connectivity within the left stimulation site (β=1.4 [0.02,2.9]), connectivity within the right stimulation site (β=1.6 [0.2,2.9]), and interhemispheric stimulation site connectivity (β=1.7 [0.4,3.0]). Conclusions: rTMS targeted with individualized RSN mapping enables successful modulation of DLPFC-sgACC-DMN interactions, which may underlie its antidepressant efficacy. Keywords: TMS, TBI, fMRI, connectivity
Side effects trajectories in rTMS treatment for depression: 10 Hz vs. intermittent theta-burst stimulation$$$ Introduction: Major Depressive Disorder is a leading cause of disability that affects 350 million people worldwide, where up to 30% of them suffer from Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a first-line of treatment for patients with TRD. Newer rTMS protocols are being developed, hence it is extremely important to characterize their side effect profile and trajectories. Therefore, the goal of this work is to compare the side effects of two different rTMS protocols, namely High Frequency Left (HFL) and intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) in 20 patients with TRD. Methods: Each patient received 20-30 treatment sessions and were randomized to receive either protocol. Side effects were systematically assessed each treatment day both for immediate rTMS side effects and for the last 24hrs side effects using a Likert scale for each side effect separately. Results: The three most common side effects were headache, fatigue, and pain/discomfort at stimulation site in both HFL and iTBS. We used a linear mixed effect model for each of these three side effects separately. Results showed that all three side effects decrease significantly overtime (p-values for time in the model of pain, headache and fatigue are 0.0000, 0.0305, and 0.0629 respectively). Furthermore, patients receiving HFL protocol report of having significantly more headache (p-value = 0.0263) and fatigue (p-value = 0.0275) than those receiving iTBS. Discussion: Our results suggest the most frequent side effects are similar in HFL and iTBS. In addition, the trajectory of the most frequent side effects is similar in both groups although HFL may be associated with a slightly higher severity of headache and fatigue compared to iTBS. Further research is needed in a larger sample size in order to replicate the results of our pilot study. Keywords: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, side effects, Major Depressive Disorder, Treatment-Resistant Depression
Abstract #71: Effects of Repetitive Transcranial magnetic Stimulation on Cognition and Neuroplasticity in Subacute Stroke Patients$$$ Introduction: The purpose of this study is to determine the cognitive improvement and neurophysiological effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex(L-DLPFC) in subacute stroke patients. Methods: Twelve consecutive first-ever stroke patients with cognitive impairment were enrolled. All subjects were randomly assigned to real or sham stimulation group and completed 10 sessions of rTMS for 2 weeks (Figure 1). 10Hz of navigation rTMS were applied (5sec stimulation and 25sec resting, total 1500 pulses) on the L-DLPFC at 80% of resting motor threshold (rMT). At the time of baseline, 1 month and 3 months after stroke onset, all subjects received the cognitive, behavioral and depression assessments. In addition, the vascular cognitive impairment harmonization standards (VCIHS), motor evoked potentials (MEP), event-related potentials (ERPs) and resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging (RS fMRI) were completed for the neuroplasticity at baseline and 3 months after stroke onset. Results: After the treatment period, the real stimulation group improved significantly in the Montreal Cognitive (MoCA), Fugl-Meyer Assessment (FMA), Modified Bathel Index (MBI) and Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) compared with sham stimulation group. And these effects lasted after three months. Among the VCIHS parameters, Z- scores of executive and memory function showed higher delta value between baseline and 3months timepoints in rTMS group. The MEP showed higher TIME x GROUP interaction in the percentage of intracortical inhibition and facilitation amplitude ratio in right hand. It suggests that there is beneficial effect on premotor cortical excitability of rTMS. The change of P300 amplitude in ERPs was more increased in real stimulation group significantly. The RS fMRI analysis results showed more increased functional connectivity of left frontal pole, Middle frontal gyrus, posterior parietal cortex and Right posterior parietal cortex after stimulation compare with the sham group. Conclusion: These results suggest that high frequency rTMS on the L-DLPFC improves cognitive function and functional network activity in subacute stroke. The rTMS seems to be an recommendable treatment in stroke patients with cognitive impairment.
The potential for bilateral high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) to modulate motoric-cognitive risk syndrome in older adults$$$ Cognitive and mobility impairment are common in seniors and result in significant disability. Emerging evidence suggests that executive function is involved in gait regulation. HF-rTMS is a relatively safe non-invasive brain stimulation technique that has been shown to enhance motor learning and working memory. However, the role of HF-rTMS has not been adequately explored in modulating the motoric-cognitive risk syndrome, which increases the risk for Alzheimer disease. We aim to present the design and preliminary results of an ongoing study exploring the effect of bilateral prefrontal HF- rTMS on the motoric-cognitive risk syndrome in seniors with executive impairment but no dementia. Methods: Forty seniors with cognitive complaint and impaired trail making test-B are being recruited to the study from memory clinic setting excluding those with dementia, severe depression or other neurological illnesses that directly impair gait. Baseline clinical, cognitive and gait assessments are done and patients are randomized to active vs. sham rTMS. Five consecutive daily active or sham sessions of HF-rTMS (20 Hz, 2000 pulses) to the right then left prefrontal areas are applied. Patients and assessors are blinded to the study assignment. Cognitive and gait measures are repeated immediately after the last session (day 5) and at 7 days post intervention. Results: Ten participants have completed the study so far. HF-rTMS was well tolerated with only one drop out due to head discomfort from the active arm. Preliminary analysis shows significantly higher performance in memory encoding and a trend of higher performance in semantic dual-task gait at 7 days post 5 sessions of HF-rTMS in the active compared to the sham group. Conclusions: These preliminary results are encouraging. Implications and future direction will be discussed. Keywords: rTMS, high-frequency, Motoric-cognitive, seniors
Depressive symptoms reduction following intermittent theta burst stimulation over dorsomedial prefrontal cortex is related to resting-state connectivity modulation: Preliminary findings from a double blinded sham controlled trial$$$ While repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising alternative in treatment resistant depression (TRD) its mechanisms of action remain largely unknown. Here, 20 patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) were randomized to two weeks of two daily sessions of double blinded active or sham intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS). The iTBS was applied with 90% of resting foot motor threshold, 1200 pulses/session, two seconds stimulation and eight seconds pause. Stimulation was applied over the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC) using neuronavigation and an angled coil for deeper stimulation (1). Resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging was performed one day before treatment onset and again four weeks later. A spherical seed (10mm radius) was defined around the target coordinate for treatment within dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC) to assess whole brain functional connectivity. Compared to the sham condition, active treatment was followed by altered connectivity in the posterior hippocampus and calcarine sulcus within the left hemisphere. Including change in MADRS-S score as a covariate, altered dACC connectivity was associated with reduced MADRS-S score, in active treatment compared to sham. This included altered connectivity with default mode network nodes, with the strongest effect found in the posterior cingulate gyrus and including posterior middle temporal gyri and temporal poles bilaterally, as well as left angular and parahippocampal gyri. Other regions included supplemental motor area and bilateral precentral gyri extending into middle frontal gyrus in the left hemisphere. No effects in sham compared to active treatment, or common to both groups, were found. The findings suggest that stimulation of the dmPFC and underlying dACC modulates its connectivity, with widespread connectivity changes being associated with symptom reduction following iTBS in MDD. Keywords: iTBS, resting-state, dmPFC, depression
Proceedings #32: Effects of cerebellar delta and theta frequency tACS on cognitive performance in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Schizophrenia is associated with impairments across several cognitive functions, including reaction time, prospective time estimation, working memory, verbal learning and memory, attention, and executive functions. Transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is an effective non-invasive technique that may hold clinical relevance for the treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms such as psychosis (delusions and hallucinations), depressive mood, anxiety, irritability/lability, apathy, euphoria, disinhibition, and agitation/aggression. However, DLPFC stimulation may not be very effective for cognitive and executive functions. Recent evidence has been suggested the role of cerebellum in cognitive and executive tasks but the effects of cerebellar tACS in patients with schizophrenia are ambiguous. The aim of the current study was to investigate the therapeutic potential of delta and theta frequency tACS of the cerebellar vermis on cognition in patients with schizophrenia. We used interval-time-estimation task (3 s and 12 s) that could represent both cognitive and executive functions. EEG signals were collected from the centro-medial (“Fz/Cz”) and other locations during interval- timing tasks before and after the tACS. We applied anodal stimulation on cerebellar region and cathodal lead was located on the shoulder. We also examined the efficacy of stimulation based on cognitive scores pre/post cerebellar stimulation. Patients with schizophrenia showed reduction in accurately estimation of 3 and 12 second intervals as compared to healthy control subjects. Single session of either delta or theta frequency cerebellar tACS did not influence interval-timing performance in patients. Time-frequency spectrograms showed no significant changes in oscillatory activity around 3 s and 12 s cue events after delta frequency cerebellar tACS at the centro- medial cortical region. However, theta tACS increased oscillatory activity around cues. Change in activity was more prominent in lower frequency band (4-8 Hz) between 500-1000 ms from the cue events. Increased oscillatory activity was observed around the response time. These results speculate that theta tACS improved task-related lower frequency oscillations but did not affect behavioral response due to the delayed (at 500-1000 ms) cue-related evoked activity as compared to normal subjects (at 0-500 ms). We suggest that cerebellar neuromodulation approach, with appropriate stimulation parameters, could be an alternative therapeutic strategy to improve cognitive and executive functions in patients with schizophrenia and other neuropsychiatric diseases. 2 Introduction: There is a significant correlation between cognitive impairment and electroencephalographic (EEG) abnormalities in the frontal cortical regions in patients with schizophrenia [1, 2]. Patients with schizophrenia exhibited attenuated frontal, low-frequency (1-8 Hz) rhythms during interval-timing performance as compared to healthy control subjects [1]. Transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) to the cortical regions is an effective, non-invasive technique that may hold clinical relevance to improve cognition [3]. TACS is a relatively safe and inexpensive way to pass electrical current non-invasively through the skull in a frequency specific manner that can modulate neuronal activity of the target and connected brain network. Recent evidence has been suggested the role of cerebellum in cognitive and executive tasks [4], but the effects of cerebellar tACS in patients with schizophrenia are ambiguous. The cerebellum is densely connected to the frontal cortex and may influence brain rhythms necessary for normal cognitive function. Evidence suggests that cerebellar stimulation may be able to rescue frontal brain rhythms essential for normal cognition despite physiologic abnormalities that impair function and performance in schizophrenia [1]. The aim of the current study was to investigate the therapeutic potential of theta frequency tACS of the cerebellar vermis on frontal brain oscillations in patients with schizophrenia as a mechanism for enhanced cognitive function. We also tested the effect of delta frequency cerebellar tACS as a control for the effect of stimulation of sensory receptors or physical stimulation. 3 Methods: A total of 9 patients “on” medication with a diagnosis of schizophrenia (7 men, 2 women) were included in this study with written informed consent provided. Single sessions of delta (control) and theta frequency tACS (mindalive inc) were delivered with anodal pulsed current stimulation of the cerebellar midline targeting the vermis (cathodal electrode on the right shoulder). Stimulation was delivered for 20 minutes, with 1 mA peak-to-peak amplitude at either delta (n=8) or theta (n=9) frequencies. Delta and theta stimulation session order was randomized and separated by 1-3 months. EEG recording was collected before (“pre”) and after (“post”) cerebellar tACS. EEG signals were recorded with a sampling rate of 500 Hz from 21 channels based on the 10-20 system. Continuous data were re-referenced to the mathematical average. Signals were segmented on the basis of the stimulus (cue) onset (-2 to 6 s for 3 s trials; -2 to 18 s for 12 s trials). Time-frequency analysis was computed by wavelet convolution with a baseline period 300 to 200 ms prior to cue onset. The interval-timing task involved the appearance of a “3 sec” or “12 sec” text cue on the computer screen indicating both the interval of time to estimate and the start of the trial (Fig.1A). A motor indication of the elapse of the cued time interval was made by pressing the keyboard space bar. The interval-timing task contained 80 total trials with 3 s and 12 s intervals presented in random order. All analyses in this report are from the centro-medial electrode “Fz”. 4 Results: Patients with schizophrenia are impaired on the interval- timing task and have significantly decreased low-frequency activity following the cue onset [1]. Twenty minutes of theta frequency tACS (or the control, delta condition) did not alter median response time (p>0.05) for 3 s and 12 s interval-timing performance (Fig. 1B and C). Additionally, theta frequency tACS (or delta control stimulation) did not modify cue related activity in any frequency range at electrode “Fz” for 3 s or 12 s trials. Even, theta frequency tACS did not modulate 1-4 Hz oscillatory activity around the time of the cue for both 3 s and 12 s trials (Fig. 1D and F). However, theta frequency tACS increased 4-8 Hz (theta band) oscillatory activity around the time of cue for both 3 s and 12 s trials (Fig. 1E and G, permutation-corrected statistical significance p<0.05 outlined in bold lines). Interestingly, in the current study, the increased theta band activity was not exclusively consistent with that of previous report from healthy controls as it was delayed in onset by 0.5 seconds. Patients with cognitive deficits significantly misjudge the elapse of time and exhibit higher error rate while performing higher-order cognitive tasks. They also show significantly decreased midfrontal oscillatory activity in the lower frequency band (4-8 Hz) at 0-0.5 s from cue [1, 5]. 5 Discussion and Conclusion: Alternating current stimulation may be an effective method to entrain the dominant brain oscillations which can be task- and region-specific [3]. Therefore, theta frequency stimulation may drive dominant or synchronized theta band oscillations in the target (frontal cortical) and associated regions during the performance of interval-timing task [1, 6]. Although, the tACS frequency-dependent changes in time-frequency spectrograms were seen in this study, there were no significant changes in performance on the interval-timing task. It may be possible that a single session of tACS was not robust enough to induce significant changes in brain oscillatory activity needed to modify performance on a core cognitive-timing task. Therefore, repeated or longer duration tACS sessions may induce long-lasting or more robust changes in midfrontal oscillatory activity at lower frequency bands that may have eventually led to significant behavioral improvement. Although the results presented here do not support our hypothesis, changes in theta activity in the frontal cortex following cerebellar tACS ignites the need for additional work exploring cerebellar modulation of frontal cortices in disease more specifically, additional work using an approach such as transcranial magnetic stimulation which has been reported to induce long-lasting structural changes in the fiber tracts connecting the cerebellum and frontal cortex. In patients with schizophrenia, cerebello-frontal activity may be compromised and a low-frequency neuromodulation approach targeting cerebellum can “rescue" activity at low-frequency bands in the frontal cortical regions, normalizing the cerebello-frontal network that improves behavioral response. This is a line of research that warrants further pursuit and exploration. TACS itself is a highly understudied neuromodulation method, and the implications of its use in the cerebellum of healthy or diseased populations is even less studied. Schizophrenia remains a major source of mental illness worldwide, and research looking for new therapies to address the disabling cognitive deficits of the disease should be a priority. [Figure presented] References: [1] Parker KL, et al. Delta-frequency stimulation of cerebellar projections can compensate for schizophrenia-related medial frontal dysfunction. Mol Psychiatry 2017;22(5):647-55, 10.1038/mp.2017.50. [2] Carter CS, et al. Functional hypofrontality and working memory dysfunction in schizophrenia. Am J Psychiatry 1998;155(9):1285-7, 10.1176/ajp.155.9.1285. [3] Herrmann CS, et al. Transcranial alternating current stimulation: a review of the underlying mechanisms and modulation of cognitive processes. Front Hum Neurosci 2013;7:279, 10.3389/fnhum.2013.00279. [4] Demirtas-Tatlidede A, et al. Safety and proof of principle study of cerebellar vermal theta burst stimulation in refractory schizophrenia. Schizophr Res 2010;124(1-3):91-100, 10.1016/j.schres.2010.08.015. [5] Singh A, et al. Mid-frontal theta activity is diminished during cognitive control in Parkinson's disease. Neuropsychologia 2018, 10.1016/j.neuropsychologia.2018.05.020. [6] Chen H, et al. Theta synchronization between medial prefrontal cortex and cerebellum is associated with adaptive performance of associative learning behavior. Sci Rep 6 2016, 20960, 10.1038/srep20960.
Proceedings #46: Scalp Cooling to Enhance the Effects of tDCS on Excitability$$$ Strategies to potentiate the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are often elaborated based on metaplasticity rules. Reduction of corticomotor excitability and the theoretical mathematical model that estimates higher current density reaching the cortex motivated us to investigate the previous cooling of the scalp as a way of enhancing the effects of tDCS. Using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), We evaluated the corticomotor and intracortical excitability in 70 individuals distributed in six experimental groups. We verified an increase in the ICF of group A, immediately and 15 minutes after stimulation. However, this increase did not manifest itself in relation to the other groups. We interpret that the high variability of the baseline of different groups led to the non-significant result when ICF was compared between groups. 2 Introduction: The prior intrinsic activity of a neural circuit determines its sensitivity to excitatory or inhibitory stimuli [1,2]. In fact, more frequently the excitatory effect of the anodal tDCS on the primary motor cortex (M1) on cortico-motor excitability is potentiated by an inhibitory stimulation previously [1–3]. On the other hand, cooled biological tissues reduce blood flow and ionic mobility. A mathematical model suggested that this would increase the dose of current reaching the cortex, due to less current dispersion in the cooled scalp [4]. In addition, the cooling decreases corticomotor excitability, an effect, according to the rules of the metaplasticity, that increases the sensitivity and responsiveness of neuronal circuits to excitatory stimuli, such as anodal tDCS [5]. Therefore, we hypothesized that pre-cooling of the scalp in the M1 region can potentiate the excitatory effect of anodal tDCS on corticomotor and intracortical excitability. Methods: Registers of TMS was used for the assessment of MEP (120% of threshold), short-interval intracortical inhibition (SICI – inter-pulse interval of 2 ms, with 80-120% of threshold) and intracortical facilitation (ICF – interval between pulses of 15 ms, 80-120% of threshold) on first dorsal interosseous of the right hand of 70 healthy subjects. The cooling was performed with crushed ice on the scalp and supported by an elastic band. The temperature was measured with an infrared thermometer before and after. When the scalp temperature reached less 15 º C, the cooling was stopped (±15-20 min). For tDCS protocols, we use 2mA/20minutes in left M1 and contralateral supra-orbital region. Analysis of variance (ANOVA) and two-way ANOVA for repeated measures was used for the statistical analyses intra-groups and inter-groups. Simple randomization was performed and, in order to preserve the blinding of the study, groups were coded by letters. Each group represents a pacing protocol as follow: 1) anodal tDCS; 2) cathodal tDCS; 3) Sham tDCS; 4) Cooling; 5) Cooling + anodal tDCS; 6) Cooling + cathodal tDCS (Figure 1). This project was approved by the ethical committee of Health Science Institute of Federal University of Bahia (number 1.844.267). [Figure presented] 4 Results: We verified that the stimulation protocol used in group A increased the intracortical facilitation (ICF), without altering the MEP nor the SICI of the individuals (Figure 2B; n = 16: ANOVA, p <0.05; (F (2, 30) = 6.8). No statistical differences on investigated parameters were observed in the groups (data not shown). In addition, the increase in the ICF observed in group A was not evidenced when compared to the other protocols of stimulation (Figure 3). However, the development phase of our study does not allow us to make conclusive inferences about these results. We believe that the baseline variability of the different groups led to the non- significant result when ICF was compared between groups. [Figure presented] [Figure presented] 5 Discussion and Conclusion: We speculate that scalp cooling can robustly potentiate the excitatory effects of anodal tDCS. We suggest a higher dose of current in the cortex added to the favorable effect on metaplasticity are the underlying mechanisms for this effect. However, the phase of our work does not allow us to extrapolate the increase observed in the ICF of group A based on these mechanisms. References: [1] Hurley R, Machado L. Using tDCS priming to improve brain function: Can metaplasticity provide the key to boosting outcomes? Neurosci Biobehav Rev 2017;83:155–9. doi:10.1016/j.neubiorev.2017.09.029. Karabanov A, Ziemann U, Hamada M, George MS, Quartarone A, Classen J, et al. Consensus paper: Probing homeostatic plasticity of human cortex with non-invasive transcranial brain stimulation. Brain Stimul 2015;8:442–54. doi:10.1016/j.brs.2015.01.404. [2] Müller-Dahlhaus F, Ziemann U. Metaplasticity in human cortex. Neuroscientist 2015;21:185–202. doi:10.1177/1073858414526645. [3] Gholami-boroujeny S, Mekonnen A, Batkin I, Bolic M. Brain Stimulation Theoretical Analysis of the Effect of Temperature on Current Delivery to the Brain During tDCS. Brain Stimul 2015;8:1–6. doi:10.1016/j.brs.2014.12.006. [4] Tremblay F, Remaud A, Mekonnen A, Gholami- Boroujeny S, Racine K ??douard, Bolic M. Lasting depression in corticomotor excitability associated with local scalp cooling. Neurosci Lett 2015;600:127–31. doi:10.1016/j.neulet.2015.06.008.
Proceedings #48: Long-term Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation Treatment Paired with Adaptive Cognitive Training Leads to Clinical Benefit$$$ Introduction: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a safe and well-tolerated form of noninvasive brain stimulation that delivers a low amplitude (1 – 4 mA) direct current through scalp electrodes. Cognitive impairment is a common and often disabling symptom of multiple sclerosis (MS) which has been shown to improve with cognitive training paired with tDCS. Here we compared the benefits of tDCS paired with either adaptive cognitive training (aCT) or non-adaptive cognitive training (nCT). To provide the extended treatment sessions needed for cognitive training, we administered tDCS to patients in their homes using our remotely supervised or RS-tDCS protocol. Methods: MS participants were recruited for a double- blind, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial with three arms: 1) active 2.5 mA tDCS paired with aCT, 2) sham 2.5 mA tDCS paired with aCT, and 3) active 2.5 mA tDCS paired with non-adaptive computer games (i.e. crossword puzzles, board games). Cognitive functioning and self-report outcomes were assessed during baseline and study visits via the Cogstate Brief Battery tests and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) questionnaires. Results: n=19 participants were recruited, of which 6 were randomized to the active condition, 7 to the sham condition, and 6 to the non-adaptive games condition. Comparing change from baseline to treatment end, the active tDCS/aCT group experienced the greatest cognitive improvement (mean z score change = 0.71), followed by sham tDCS/aCT: mean z score change = 0.26 and active tDCS/non-adaptive CT, mean z score change = 0.59). In addition, the active tDCS/aCT group had a greater improvement in the Beck Depression Inventory and PROMIS outcomes on fatigue and sleep. Conclusions: Extended treatment with tDCS paired with adaptive cognitive remediation leads to a greater benefit than either therapy alone. 2 Introduction: The symptom burden of multiple sclerosis (MS) often leads to disability and reduced quality of life. Cognitive impairment as well as symptoms such as fatigue and depression are common but remain without reliable treatment options. Cognitive training has shown to be efficacious in enhancing cognitive abilities for patients with neurological disorders. Our group has shown in the past that 60 sessions of adaptive cognitive training (aCT), completed at home via laptop computers and remotely supervised, can improve cognitive functioning in MS. aCT present advantages over traditional one-on-one cognitive rehabilitation such as the ability to complete training remotely in a user's home and reduced clinician burden. Beyond feasibility, aCT maintains the difficulty of its cognitive tasks by adapting in real time (i.e. through reduced stimuli presentation durations or reduced decision making time) to maintain arousal and engagement of the patient. tDCS is a form of noninvasive brain stimulation where a low amperage direct current is passed through scalp electrodes placed to target cortical regions for therapeutic benefit. Previously, we have shown that tDCS improves cognitive outcomes for patients with MS as well as clinical fatigue. This first goal of this study was to demonstrate the feasibility of extending tDCS therapy to 40 sessions in order to optimize therapeutic benefit when pairing with cognitive training. Our second goal was to compare tDCS with an active (adaptive) to placebo (nonadaptive) CT. We hypothesized that the synergistic use of both aCT and tDCS will lead to the greatest benefit to manage the symptoms of MS patients. Using our remotely supervised or RS-tDCS protocol to deliver monitored treatment at home, we compared the combined and relative contribution of each therapy in a long-term study. 3 Methods: Participants with MS were recruited for a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial with three arms. The trial's three arms consisted of: 1) active 2.5 mA tDCS paired with aCT, 2) sham 2.5 mA tDCS paired with aCT, and 3) active 2.5 mA tDCS paired with non-adaptive computer games (i.e. crossword puzzles, board games). Participants completed 40 sessions of their assigned condition from their home following the rigorous standards of RS-tDCS. Each session consisted of twenty minutes of electrical stimulation and cognitive training. All cognitive training, both adaptive and non-adaptive, was delivered through Posit Science's BrainHQ research platform. Participants were administered cognitive and self-report assessments at baseline study visit as well as study end visit to measure any change that occurred over the course of the study. Cognitive outcomes were assessed via the Cogstate Brief Battery and mood and fatigue outcomes were assessed via self-report assessments such as the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) questionnaires. 4 Results: n=19 participants have completed the 40 session study. n=7 were randomized to the aCT/Sham condition, n=6 were randomized to the nCT/Active condition, and n=6 were randomized to the aCT/Active condition. Preliminary efficacy results were calculated based on chance from baseline to treatment end on cognitive measures (Cogstate Brief Battery) and self-reported inventories (BDI and PROMIS). Assessing cognitive composite z-score changes, results indicate that aCT/Active participants demonstrated the greatest cognitive improvement (mean z score change = 0.71), followed by sham tDCS/aCT: mean z score change = 0.26 and active tDCS/non-adaptive CT, mean z score change = 0.59). In addition, the aCT/Active group had a larger improvement in the BDI and PROMIS outcomes on fatigue, mood, and sleep. Preliminary efficacy results for both cognitive assessments and self-report outcomes can be seen below in Figures 1 and 2. [Figure presented] [Figure presented] 3 Discussion and Conclusion: In this study we have demonstrated that extended tDCS treatment protocols are well-tolerated and feasible for study. Initial efficacy results suggest a clear advantage for adaptive cognitive training paired with RS-tDCS. As expected, the results from Figure 1 illustrate the greatest composite z-score change, which is indicative of cognitive improvement, were seen in patients under the aCT/Active condition. Figure B demonstrates a clear preliminary mood, fatigue and sleep improvement through the BDI and PROMIS outcomes. For positive affect, the aCT/Active condition shows a strong positive result compared to other conditions, which indicates a strong effect on the mood of MS participants. This same trend is seen in negative affect, fatigue and sleep, where all three variables have a negative change indicating a strong improvement in all three categories. Figure B displays the most favorable outcomes for mood, fatigue, and sleep are seen in participants under the aCT/Active conditions. In sum, extended RS-tDCS paired with adaptive cognitive training leads to greater improvements in cognition and affect, fatigue, and sleep than either therapy alone. While the study is in its preliminary stages, results support the synergistic benefit of tDCS plus an active therapy to lead to earlier and greater therapeutic benefits. References: Bikson, M., et al., Safety of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation: Evidence Based Update 2016. Brain Stimul, 2016. Charvet, L., et al., Remotely-delivered cognitive remediation in multiple sclerosis (MS): protocol and results from a pilot study. Multiple Sclerosis Journal – Experimental, Translational and Clinical, 2015. Jensen RE, Moinpour CM, Potosky AL, et al. Responsiveness of 8 Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement information System (PROMIS) measures in a large, community-based cancer study cohort. Cancer 2016. CogState. CogState 2015. February 10, 2015; Available from: http://cogstate.com/.
Accelerated TMS for Depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is now widely available for the clinical treatment of depression, but the associated financial and time burdens are problematic for patients. Accelerated TMS (aTMS) protocols address these burdens and attempt to increase the efficiency of standard TMS. This systematic review and meta-analysis aimed to examine accelerated TMS studies for depressive disorders in accordance with PRISMA guidelines. Inclusion criteria consisted of studies with full text publications available in English describing more than one session of TMS (repetitive or theta burst stimulation) per day. Studies describing accelerated TMS protocols for conditions other than depression or alternative neuromodulation methods, preclinical studies, and neurophysiology studies regarding transcranial stimulation were excluded. Eighteen articles describing eleven distinct studies (seven publications described overlapping samples) met eligibility criteria. A Hedges’ g effect size and confidence intervals were calculated. The summary analysis of three suitable randomized control trials revealed a cumulative effect size of 0.39 (95% CI 0.005–0.779). A separate analysis including open-label trials and active arms of suitable RCTs revealed a g of 1.27 (95% CI 0.902–1.637). Overall, the meta-analysis suggested that aTMS improves depressive symptom severity. In general, study methodologies were acceptable, but future efforts could enhance sham techniques and blinding.
SUCCESSFUL USE OF ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY FOR THE TREATMENT OF NEUROPSYCHIATRIC MANIFESTATIONS OF DEMENTIA WITH LEWY BODIES$$$ Introduction: Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) is one of the most common neurodegenerative disorders. DLB is characterized by progressive cognitive decline, executive dysfunction, visual hallucinations, fluctuating cognition, and Parkinsonism. Up to 65% of patients with Lewy Body Dementia have depression. Psychiatrists frequently treat individuals with DLB given prominent neuropsychiatric manifestations, including depression, hallucinations, delusions, agitation, and fluctuating cognition. Individuals with DLB require a comprehensive but specific treatment approach given sensitivity to both antipsychotic medications and anticholinergic side effects of other medications. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is often omitted from the treatment model for DLB because of limited evidence. We highlight the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in a case of DLB. Methods: We provide a case report and literature review on the use of ECT for the treatment of DLB. A 67-year-old male veteran with depression, 10-year history of REM sleep behavior disorder, bradykinesia, three-year history of cognitive impairment, and visual hallucinations was admitted for depressed mood and disturbing visual hallucinations featuring a saw blade swinging around his head and somatic delusion of a water hose traversing his body. At night he moved to avoid being hit by the blade. His wife reported word-finding difficulty, memory problems, and having to manage their finances. Four years prior to presentation, he stopped working as a pastor due to inability to write sermons. On admission, his MOCA was 19/30 and QIDS was 22. Medication trials including paroxetine, sertraline, escitalopram, vilazodone, bupropion, mirtazapine, venlafaxine, quetiapine, aripiprazole, alprazolam, buspirone, and lorazepam failed to address his depression and hallucinations. Results: Brain MRI was unremarkable, with mild microvascular ischemic changes in periventricular white matter. Iodine-123 dopamine transporter SPECT (DAT-scan) imaging showed abnormal uptake consistent with a Parkinsonian syndrome (supporting the diagnosis of DLB). Considering past medication failures, patient consented for an acute course of ECT. He received eight right unilateral (RUL) ultra-brief pulse treatments utilizing Mecta Spectrum over the course of three weeks without any major side effects. For muscle relaxation he received succinylcholine; methohexital and remifentanil were given for anesthesia. Over his acute course of treatment, charge was progressively increased from six, to eight, to ten times the seizure threshold. At the end of his acute course of eight ECT treatments, his MOCA improved from 19/30 to 23/30 and QIDS improved from 22 to 12. Following the course of ECT, his visual hallucinations disappeared, and he was more interactive, engaged, and less depressed. The patient's improvement is congruent with other case reports in the literature showing clinical improvement following ECT for symptoms related to DLB. A table with a literature review describing the use of ECT for DLB will be presented. Conclusions: DLB presents frequently to psychiatrists secondary to prominent psychiatric manifestations of the illness such as mood and behavioral disturbances. The treatment of psychiatric symptoms in DLB is often challenging due to the sensitivity of antidopaminergic medications on motor symptoms. ECT is a feasible alternative to treat neuropsychiatric manifestations of DLB; however, infrequently considered due to fear of complications and stigma. Modifications to the treatment such us holding dopamine agonists the morning of ECT to avoid delirium, decreasing the frequency of ECT to twice per week to minimize cognitive effects, and close monitoring of the patient's cognitive function are measures that can be implemented to optimize ECT in this population. No double-blinded randomized control trials exist in this area; comparing standard treatment to ECT would help further delineate the role of ECT in treating patients with DLB. This research was funded by: None.
ELECTROCONVULSIVE THERAPY FOR THE TREATMENT OF ACUTE AGITATION AND AGGRESSION IN ALZHEIMER'S DEMENTIA (ECT-AD)$$$ Introduction: Alzheimer's disease (AD) is the most prevalent neurodegenerative disease of aging, affecting approximately 5.4 million individuals in the US, and predicted to increase to 13.8 million by 2050. Occurring in over 90% of AD patients, neuropsychiatric symptoms such as agitation, depression and apathy, contribute to caregiver burden and increase patient morbidity and mortality. With no FDA-approved options available, treatments for severe agitation in people with advanced dementia are limited, with modest evidence for efficacy and substantial safety concerns. Behavioral therapies are recommended as first-line treatments for agitation in AD; however, they require substantial time to take effect and may be less efficacious for the most severely agitated patients. Psychotropic medications, especially antipsychotics, are widely used off-label to treat agitation in AD even with documented limitations in efficacy and safety concerns. Therefore, new treatments for severe agitation in AD refractory to standard interventions are timely and warranted. Randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the safety and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for the treatment of severe psychiatric disorders of late life, including depression, mania and psychosis. Recently, small open label studies suggest efficacy and safety of ECT for agitation in individuals with AD who are refractory to standard therapies. The present randomized controlled trial builds upon prior work and aims to determine the efficacy and safety of ECT for severe agitation in moderate to severe stage AD, while also examining the durability of the acute treatment effect in an exploratory maintenance naturalistic design. Methods: We describe an NIA-funded multi-site, single blind, randomized trial of ECT plus usual care (UC) versus Simulated-ECT (S-ECT) plus UC. We will enroll 200 inpatients with severe agitation and moderate to severe dementia, who have not responded well to prior trials of psychotropic medications. Our primary efficacy outcome measure is the Cohen Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), and the Neuropsychiatric Inventory – Clinician Version (NPI-C), Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study-Clinical Global Impression of Change Scale (ADCS-CGIC), and Pittsburgh Agitation Scale (PAS) will be secondary measures. Safety and tolerability will be assessed with the Severe Impairment Battery – 8 item (SIB-8), the Confusion Assessment Method (CAM), and adverse event monitoring. Results: Preliminary open-label data from our team suggests acute ECT treatment is safe and effective in reducing agitation in this population as measured by the CMAI, PAS, CGI, and adverse event monitoring. A multi-site, prospective case series investigated ECT treatment in 23 consecutive inpatients with dementia and severe agitation who did not benefit from standard behavioral interventions and pharmacotherapy. Eighteen of the 23 subjects experienced a significant reduction in agitation from baseline to discharge on the CMAI. In a retrospective chart review study of 16 patients undergoing ECT for agitation related to AD, only two experienced more than transient confusion post-ECT that required treatment, and no other clinically significant adverse events were noted in this group. We hypothesize ECT+UC will be more efficacious in reducing severe agitation in AD subjects than S-ECT+UC, as measured by our primary and secondary efficacy measures, and that there will be no difference in tolerability/safety outcomes for ECT+UC and S-ECT+UC as measured by cognitive decline (SIB-8), development of delirium (CAM), and serious adverse event monitoring. Conclusions: This innovative study will fill a gap in the current clinical practice of treating severe agitation in AD using a rigorous methodological approach thus providing evidence for a new therapeutic application (severe agitation in AD) of a well-studied, established, and safe treatment (ECT). Study findings may demonstrate support for a new therapeutic use of ECT for severe agitation in AD. Successful management of neuropsychiatric symptoms reduces long-term care placement, decreases the risk of mortality, and enhances patient and caregiver quality-of-life. Such an approach has the potential to offer enormous relief to the substantial socioeconomic burden of AD-related behavioral disturbances. This research was funded by: National Institute of Aging R01 AG061100-01
POST HOC ANALYSES OF ESKETAMINE NASAL SPRAY PLUS AN ORAL ANTIDEPRESSANT IN ELDERLY PATIENTS WITH TREATMENT-RESISTANT DEPRESSION$$$ Introduction: Major depressive disorder in the elderly is correlated with lower response and remission rates, greater disability, decreased quality of life, and greater mortality from suicide; approximately 18-40% develop treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Moreover, the elderly respond less well to currently available treatments and may be more vulnerable to their adverse effects. The severity of TRD in the elderly is exemplified by a 5-fold increased use of electroconvulsive therapy, highlighting a critical need for alternative safe and effective treatments. A companion abstract discusses results from the first large phase 3 study of esketamine nasal spray in elderly patients with TRD. Post hoc analyses presented here explored factors that may have contributed to the lack of statistical significance observed in the study, despite a numerical advantage on the primary endpoint–Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating scale (MADRS) LS mean scores–in the esketamine arm vs the control arm of the trial. Methods: The primary phase 3, double-blind, multicenter, active controlled study (NCT02422186), included adults ≥65 years of age (N=138) with TRD. Patients were randomized (1:1) to flexibly-dosed esketamine nasal spray (28, 56 or 84 mg twice weekly) and a new oral antidepressant (esketamine/antidepressant), or a new oral antidepressant and placebo nasal spray (antidepressant/placebo). Change from baseline was analyzed using mixed-effects model for repeated measures (MMRM). Analyses were conducted at a 2-sided significance level of 0.05. Findings from the primary analysis are described in the companion abstract. Post hoc analyses explored factors that may have affected the study outcome including (1) impact of study stage, i.e. pre interim analysis (IA) (stage 1) or post IA (stage 2): modifications were made early in the study including training of remote MADRS raters to work with elderly and site discussions related to dose that, because of timing for implementation of the changes, had the greatest impact on stage 2; (2) impact of dose assessed by stage of the IA; (3) age subgroups (65-74 and ≥75 years); (4) age of onset of depression (<55 or ≥55 years); and (5) duration of treatment to assess changes in MADRS scores beyond the 4 weeks of the study using data from patients continuing in a long term open label safety study. Results: For reference, the primary efficacy endpoint, the LS mean (95% CI) difference for change in MADRS total scores from baseline to day 28 between the esketamine/antidepressant group and the antidepressant/placebo group using MMRM was -3.6 (−7.20, 0.07; p=0.059). Post hoc analyses included (1) a marked difference in efficacy between stages of the IA: LS mean (95% CI) difference was -1.6 (-6.85, 3.70) in stage 1 vs -5.6 (-10.78, -0.32) in stage 2. The primary analysis applied equal weight to stage 1 (51 patients) and stage 2 (87 patients) effectively down-weighting the results of stage 2. Overall analysis, without adjusting for the IA, showed LS mean (95% CI) change of -4.0 (-7.71, -0.25); (2) use of maximum dose of 84mg: 52.5% at day 25 of stage 1 vs 71.8% at day 25 of stage 2; (3) age: 65-74 years LS mean (95% CI) change of -4.9 (-8.96, -0.89) vs ≥75 years -0.4 (-10.38, 9.50); (4) age at onset of depression <55 years LS mean (95% CI) change -6.1 (-10.33, -1.81) vs ≥55 years 3.1 (-4.51, 10.80) and (5) duration of treatment with esketamine/antidepressant: 122/137 patients who received additional esketamine treatment after continuing in an open label safety study showed an approximate two-fold reduction in MADRS total scores after an additional 4 weeks of treatment, sustained for up to 48 weeks of follow up. Conclusions: While MADRS improvement with esketamine/antidepressant vs treatment with antidepressant/placebo was not statistically significant in the primary analysis, a nonsignificant favourable trend was found, with a treatment effect size similar to that seen in younger adult esketamine studies. Post hoc analyses assessed factors potentially affecting the primary outcome. In the short-term study, use of lower doses earlier in the study may have decreased efficacy. In the post hoc analysis, a 95% CI of difference that did not include 0 indicated that esketamine/antidepressant was favoured over antidepressant/placebo without the corrective weighting for the IA, as well as for patients 65-74 years of age, and for those with the onset of depression at age <55 years. Additionally, LS mean differences between the treatment groups showed a magnitude at least as great as that seen with many currently available antidepressants in nontreatment resistant MDD. Furthermore, longer duration of treatment improved efficacy, with an approximate two-fold reduction in MADRS total scores for patients treated an additional 4 weeks, which was sustained for up to 48 weeks of follow up. No unexpected safety concerns were identified. This research was funded by: This study was funded by Janssen Research & Development, LLC.
Can slow-wave sleep enhancement improve memory? A review of current approaches and cognitive outcomes$$$ Slow-wave sleep (SWS†) is involved in the overnight consolidation of declarative memories. Recent efforts using auditory stimulation, slow-oscillatory transcranial direct current stimulation (so-tDCS), and pharmacological agents have targeted sleep slow-waves as a method for enhancing cognitive performance. However, no studies thus far have integrated current evidence to provide a preliminary review of the effects of SWS enhancement on memory and other cognitive outcomes. The objective of this review was to synthesize the results of recent experimental studies that have used auditory stimulation, electrical, and pharmacological methods to boost both SWS and cognitive performance. A systematic review was done to identify and consolidate all currently existing empirical studies in this area. We found that each stimulation method could enhance slow-wave power and/or SWS duration in human subjects. Closed-loop, in-phase auditory stimulation enhanced verbal declarative memory in healthy adults. Electrical stimulation using so-tDCS showed some efficacy in promoting verbal declarative memory, picture recognition memory, and location memory. Interleukin-6 and sodium oxybate enhanced declarative verbal memory, while tiagabine and sodium oxybate improved some non-memory measures of cognitive performance. There is some evidence that so-tDCS can also improve certain cognitive outcomes in clinical populations. Overall, future studies should recruit larger sample sizes drawn from more diverse populations, and determine clinical significance and effect sizes of each enhancement methodology.
Predictors of response to synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (sTMS) is a new modality to reduce symptoms of major depressive disorder (MDD). sTMS uses rotating neodymium magnets to deliver low-field stimulation matched to the individual alpha frequency (IAF). A previous multisite study showed that sTMS significantly reduced MDD symptoms in the per-protocol sample. To this end, we evaluated clinical features associated with optimal sTMS outcomes. Methods: Using the per-protocol sample (n = 120) from the parent sham-controlled trial, we performed univariate and stepwise linear regression to identify predictors of response after 6 weeks of sTMS. A subsample (n = 83) that entered a 4-week open/active continuation phase also was examined. Candidate variables included age, sex, comorbid anxiety, number of failed antidepressants in the current depressive episode, MDD severity (17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale; HAMD17), anxiety symptom severity (HAMD17 anxiety/somatization factor), and IAF. Results: We found that greater baseline depressive (p < 0.001) and anxiety (p < 0.001) symptom severity were associated with better response to active sTMS, whereas fewer failed antidepressant trials predicted superior response to sham (p < 0.001). MDD severity and antidepressant resistance predicted outcomes in open/active phase sTMS; lower IAF predicted poorer response in participants who received 10 weeks of active sTMS (p = 0.001). Conclusions: Participants with greater severity of depression and higher anxiety had superior responses to active sTMS, whereas treatment naïve individuals exhibited a greater response to sham. These results lend support to the primary efficacy findings, and support further investigation of sTMS as a therapeutic noninvasive brain stimulation modality.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for preventing major depressive disorder relapse: Results of a 6-month follow-up$$$ Background: The efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a continuation therapy for the maintenance phase of the depressive episode is low and insufficiently investigated in literature. We investigated whether it could be enhanced by using a more intensive treatment regimen compared to previous reports. Methods: Twenty-four patients (16 with unipolar depression and eight with bipolar depression) who presented acute tDCS response (≥50% depression improvement in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale [HDRS]) after receiving 15 tDCS sessions were followed for up to 6 months or until relapse, defined as clinical worsening and/or HDRS > 15. Sessions were performed twice a week (maximum of 48 sessions) over 24 weeks. The anode and the cathode were positioned over the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (2 mA current, 30 min sessions were delivered). We performed Kaplan–Meier survival analysis and Cox proportional hazards ratios to evaluate predictors of relapse. Results: Out of 24 patients, 18 completed the follow-up period. tDCS treatment was well tolerated. The mean survival duration was 17.5 weeks (122 days). The survival rate at the end of follow-up was 73.5% (95% confidence interval, 50–87). A trend (P = 0.09) was observed for lower relapse rates in nontreatment- vs. antidepressant treatment-resistant patients (7.7% vs. 45.5%, respectively). No differences in efficacy between unipolar and bipolar depression were observed. Conclusion: An intensive tDCS treatment regimen consisting of sessions twice a week achieved relatively low relapse rates after a 6-month follow up of tDCS responders, particularly for nontreatment-resistant patients.
Transcranial Magnetic and Direct Current Stimulation (TMS/tDCS) for the Treatment of Headache: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: Headache is among the most prevalent causes of disability worldwide. Non-pharmacologic interventions, including neuromodulation therapies, have been proposed in patients who are treatment resistant or intolerant to medications. Objective: To perform a systematic review on the use of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for the treatment of specific headache disorders (ie, migraine, tension, cluster, posttraumatic). Methods: Data sources: Ovid MEDLINE, Cochrane Central Register of Clinical Trials, Embase, Scopus, PsycINFO. Data extraction: All references were reviewed by 2 independent researchers (3039 abstracts, duplicates removed). Records were selected by inclusion criteria for participants (adults 18-65 with primary or secondary headaches), interventions (TMS and tDCS applied as headache treatment), comparators (sham or alternative standard of care), and study type (cohort, case-control, and randomized controlled trials [RCT]). Studies were assessed using the Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool and overall quality determined through the GRADE Tool. A structured synthesis was performed due to heterogeneity of participants and methods. Results: Thirty-four studies were included: 16 rTMS, 6 TMS (excluding rTMS), and 12 tDCS. The majority investigated treatment for migraine (19/22 TMS, 8/12 tDCS). Quality of evidence ranged from very low to high. Conclusion: Of all TMS and tDCS modalities, rTMS is most promising with moderate evidence that it contributes to reductions in headache frequency, duration, intensity, abortive medication use, depression, and functional impairment. However, only few studies reported changes greater than sham treatment. Further high-quality RCTs with standardized protocols are required for each specific headache disorder to validate a treatment effect. Registration Number: PROSPERO 2017 CRD42017076232.
How to choose an antidepressant medication$$$ Objective: We consider how to choose an antidepressant (AD) medication for the treatment of clinical depression. Method: A narrative review was undertaken addressing antidepressant ‘choice’ considering a range of parameters either weighted by patients and clinicians or suggested in the scientific literature. Findings were synthesised and incorporated with clinical experience into a model to assist AD choice. Results: Efficacy studies comparing ADs offer indicative guidance, while precision psychiatry prediction based on genetics, developmental trauma, neuroimaging, behavioural and cognitive biomarkers, currently has limited clinical utility. Our model offers guidance for AD choice by assessing first for the presence of a depressive subtype or symptom cluster and matching choice of AD class accordingly. Failing this, an AD can be chosen based on depression severity. Within-class choice can be determined by reference to personality style, patient preference, medical or psychiatric comorbidities and side-effect profile. Conclusion: Clarification of AD choice would occur if medications are trialled in specific depressive subtypes rather than using the generic diagnosis of major depressive disorder (MDD). Such ‘top-down’ methods could be enhanced by ‘bottom-up’ studies to classify individuals according to symptom clusters and biomarkers with AD efficacy tested in these categories. Both methods could be utilised for personalised AD choice.
Crossover to Bilateral Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Potential Strategy When Patients Are Not Responding to Unilateral Left-Sided High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation$$$ Clinical trials using left-sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) report remission rates of 14% to 32.6%. A large percentage of patients would not achieve remission with standard rTMS treatment. The question of what clinicians should do when a patient is not responding to standard high-frequency (HF) left-sided rTMS remains unanswered. This prospective case series examines whether crossover to bilateral stimulation enhances antidepressant outcomes in patients not responding to unilateral rTMS. Patients in a major depressive episode received an rTMS clinical protocol of 4 to 6 weeks' duration. Stimulation began with HF rTMS (10 Hz) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (range, 3000-5000 pulses per session). A total of 17 patients without sufficient clinical improvement early in their rTMS course received 1-Hz rTMS (range, 600-1200 pps) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (added to the HF left-sided stimulation). Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores decreased from 13.9 ± 3.9 (mean ± SD) from the start of augmentation to 12.2 ± 5.8 at the end of acute treatment, a 1.7-point change, Cohen d effect size =-0.35, 95% confidence interval,-1.01 to-0.34, suggesting improvement. Remission rate in this sample was 24% (4/17). This case series indicates that crossover to bilateral stimulation is a feasible and potentially effective strategy when patients are not improving with standard rTMS. A randomized controlled trial comparing crossover versus standard rTMS is needed to determine the efficacy of this paradigm.
Completeness of Descriptions of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Intervention: A Systematic Review of Randomized Controlled Trials of rTMS in Depression$$$ Objectives Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an innovative therapeutic option in major depressive disorder (MDD). A complete description of the procedure in reports of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) is a prerequisite for implementation of rTMS in clinical practice. The aim of this study was to evaluate the completeness of descriptions of the intervention in RCTs assessing rTMS in MDD. Methods We performed a systematic review of RCTs evaluating rTMS in MDD and published until August 2016. We searched PubMed, the Cochrane library, and PsycINFO to identify eligible trials. The completeness of the intervention description was evaluated by the use of an adapted-to-rTMS version of the Template for Intervention Description and Replication (TIDieR) checklist. We defined core items that are the most essential to be reported. Missing information was then sought from additional sources and by e-mailing authors. Results We identified 98 trials reporting 134 interventions. None of the interventions were completely described in the full text of the articles, even after searching additional sources. After contacting the authors, 14 (10.4%) of 134 interventions were completely described. The core items were completely described in 74 (55.2%) of 134 interventions after contacting the authors. Conclusions We found that rTMS interventions delivered in RCTs are incompletely reported, which prevents their adequate implementation in clinical practice and accurate interpretation of their efficacy. We encourage authors, editors, and reviewers to use the existing reporting guidelines and specifically the TIDieR checklist when describing the intervention. We provide an adapted-to-rTMS TIDieR checklist that could help in the reporting of future trials.
Exposure Therapy and Simultaneous Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: A Controlled Pilot Trial for the Treatment of Posttraumatic Stress Disorder$$$ Objectives This is a small preliminary but novel study assessing the feasibility of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) delivery to veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) while they simultaneously receive prolonged exposure (PE) therapy. Methods A prospective, randomized, double-blinded, active sham-controlled design combined weekly sessions of rTMS and standard PE at the Veterans Administration Hospital. Eight adult patients received a full course of protocol-driven PE therapy and were randomly assigned to receive either rTMS or sham rTMS. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation was delivered to the right or left prefrontal cortex with a figure-eight solid core coil at 120% motor threshold, 10 Hz, 5-second train duration, and 10-second intertrain interval for 30 minutes (6000 pulses) weekly for 5 weeks (30,000 stimuli). Results Of the 12 veterans consented, 8 completed the study treatment protocol. The dropout rate was 34%, roughly equivalent to the pooled average dropout rates observed in traditional PE therapy with Operation Enduring Freedom/Operation Iraqi Freedom veterans with PTSD, suggesting that veterans had no difficulty tolerating the addition of rTMS to PE therapy and that this is a feasible study design for larger trials in the future. Clinician-Administered PTSD Symptom scores reflected a general nonsignificant trend toward improvement, and subjects with comorbid major depression appeared to experience significant antidepressant benefit with treatment despite the fact that the doses used in this protocol were much smaller than those used to treat patients with major depressive disorder. Conclusions This pilot study demonstrates the safety and feasibility of rTMS delivery to PTSD patients while they simultaneously receive PE. This unique approach to the treatment of PTSD highlights the need for further studies with larger sample sizes to assess treatment outcomes.
Effect of adjunctive intermittent theta-burst repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a prophylactic treatment in migraine patients: A double-blind sham-controlled study$$$ Background: The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) seems to exert a bilateral control of chronic pain states such as migraine. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is known to modulate brain excitability, neurotransmitters, and endogenous opioids involved in pathophysiology of migraine. Aim: This study was designed to assess the efficacy of adjunctive intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) to the left DLPFC, as a prophylactic treatment in migraine. Materials and Methods: The study was a double-blind, sham-controlled experiment. Patients with migraine were allotted to active (n = 20) or sham (n = 21) rTMS, respectively. Each patient received ten sessions of iTBS over the left DLPFC. Patients were rated at baseline and at 2, 4, 6, and 12 weeks after receiving the treatment. Scores were obtained from the headache diary and by applying the Migraine Disability Assessment Scale (MIDAS). Results: There was a significant decrease in frequency, duration, and severity of migraine in the active group than the sham group over the study period. The effect was more pronounced during the initial 2 weeks. The MIDAS score reduced significantly in the active group than the sham group at 12 weeks. There were no significant adverse effects observed during the entire period of study. Conclusion: Compared to sham stimulation, adjunctive active iTBS over the left DLPFC was safe and effective in reducing the frequency, duration, and severity of migraine headache and in reducing disability associated with the illness.
Random topology organization and decreased visual processing of internet addiction: Evidence from a minimum spanning tree analysis$$$ Objectives: Internet addiction (IA) has been associated with widespread brain alterations. Functional connectivity (FC) and network analysis results related to IA are inconsistent between studies, and how network hubs change is not known. The aim of this study was to evaluate functional and topological networks using an unbiased minimum spanning tree (MST) analysis on electroencephalography (EEG) data in IA and healthy control (HC) college students. Methods: In this study, Young's internet addiction test was used as an IA severity measure. EEG recordings were obtained in IA (n = 30) and HC participants (n = 30), matched for age and sex, during rest. The phase lag index (PLI) and MST were applied to analyze FC and network topology. We expected to obtain evidence of underlying alterations in functional and topological networks related to IA. Results: IA participants showed higher delta FC between left-side frontal and parieto-occipital areas compared to the HC group (p < 0.001), global MST measures revealed a more star-like network in IA participants in the upper alpha and beta bands, and the occipital brain region was relatively less important in the IA relative to the HC group in the lower band. The correlation results were consistent with the MST results: higher IA severity correlated with higher Max degree and kappa, and lower eccentricity and diameter. Conclusions: Functional networks of the IA group were characterized by increased FC, a more random organization, and a decrease of relative functional importance of the visual processing area. Taken together, these alterations can help us understand the influence of IA to brain mechanism.
Effect of donepezil on cognitive deficits associated with electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized triple-blind clinical trial$$$ Objectives Despite the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in a wide range of psychiatric disorders, the role of memory-enhancing agents in post-ECT cognitive disturbances has remained controversial. In this study, we aimed to assess the effect of donepezil on improving the cognitive performance of patients undergoing ECT. Methods In a psychiatry hospital, patients who were admitted for ECT underwent a triple-blind randomized controlled trial. After randomizing the participants into 2 groups, 1 group received ECT with placebo, whereas the other group received ECT plus 5 mg/d donepezil during the ECT period. The patients in both groups were cognitively assessed using the Mini Mental Status Evaluation and Wechsler Memory Scale, 24 hours before ECT and 48 hours after the end of the ECT sessions. Results The results of Mini Mental Status Evaluation scores did not show any significant difference in memory performance between the 2 groups before and after ECT (F = 0.108, P = 0.743). Moreover, the intervention and placebo groups did not have any significant difference in the scores of the 7 subscales of the Wechsler Memory Scale after ECT (P = 0.07). In addition, the patients on donepezil group tolerated the drug well and did not differ significantly compared with the control group in this regard. Conclusions Despite a few evidence confirming the effect of acetylcholinesterase inhibitors in improving cognitive defects related to ECT, this study did not find such an effect in patients under ECT. Further studies are required to reach a clear conclusion.
Is high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left primary motor cortex superior to the stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in fibromyalgia syndrome?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate effectiveness of two different high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols on pain, fatigue, quality of life (QoL) and depression in female patients with fibromyalgia. METHODS: Thirty patients were randomized into three groups. Fifteen sessions of 10 Hz (90% resting motor threshold-RMT, 1200 pulses) rTMS were applied to left primary motor cortex and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in Group M1 (n:10) and Group DLPFC (n:10), respectively. Group sham (n = 10) received 15 sessions of sham rTMS over 3 weeks. Visual Analogue Scale, Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, Fatigue Severity Scale, Short-form 36, and Beck Depression Inventory were assessed at baseline and at the end of the treatments by a blinded-experienced assessor. RESULTS: Significant improvements in pain, QoL, and depression scores were observed in three groups. However, improvements in depression, physical functioning, physical role functioning, and general health perceptions were greater in active rTMS groups than in sham group. Emotional role functioning was only improved in Group M1. The decrease in VAS scores was significantly greater in Group M1 when compared to sham group. Change in physical role functioning was significantly greater in Group DLPFC than in Group M1. CONCLUSIONS: Significant improvements in physical role functioning, physical functioning, depression, and general health perceptions were achieved in active rTMS groups. Further clinical studies on larger samples involving both sexes with longer follow-up durations are needed.
Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation to Relieve Depression and Executive Function impairment in older adults$$$ OBJECTIVES/SPECIFIC AIMS: The objective of the study is to examine the ability of iTBS to improve depression and executive impairment in depressed older adults. If effective, this treatment will have the potential to improve the quality of life in LLD. METHODS/ STUDY POPULATION: From 12- 2016 to date older adults (60 - 85 y/o) in a major depressive episode, with evidence of executive dysfunction (on the NIH Tool Box battery) were enrolled. iTBS protocol: This brief paradigm (3 min 9 seconds duration) was administered on weekdays for four weeks (20 sessions total). Stimulation intensity was set up to 120% of the observed motor threshold. Depression primary outcome: Change in the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) from baseline to the end of iTBS course. Executive function primary outcome: Change in executive measures from the electronic NIH Tool Box cognitive domain battery8. Executive secondary outcome: Change in scores from baseline to the end of iTBS on the Frontal Systems Behavior Scale (FrSBe), this self reported instrument measures dys-executive behavior. Statistical Analysis: paired t-test examined changes in depression and executive variables from baseline to post iTBS. Pearson correlation examined the association between degree of mood improvement and degree of improvement in executive function. SPSS v 24 was used for all analyses. RESULTS/ANTICIPATED RESULTS: We examined 11 subjects. Primary outcomes: Patients showed a significant decrease in scores on the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) from baseline Mean (M) = 27.73, Standard Deviation (SD) 8.2 to the end of 4 weeks of iTBS:M= 15.91, SD = 10.05, t = 7.4, p < .001. The Flanker Inhibitory Control and attention test significantly improved from baseline M= 91.0, SD = 7 to the end of iTBS M= 98.7, SD = 12.8, t = -2.9, p = .014 (higher scores at week 4 denote improvement). The List Sorting Working Memory test and the Dimensional Change Card sort a measure of cognitive flexibility improved but did not reach statistical significance. The self reported executive measure improved from baseline M= 48.6, SD = 9.4 to post iTBS M= 39.4, SD = 8.5, t = 3.8, p = .003 (lower scores at week 4 denote improvement). We also examined whether the degree of improvement in depression related to the degree of improvement in executive function. We found positive correlations between change in mood scores with iTBS with change in executive scores with iTBS, with a strong relationship with working memory r = 0.34. Tolerability and Side effects: Common side effects were twitching in facial muscles during the stimulation (n =11), headaches (n =10) and pain or discomfort at the stimulation site and face (n =4). One participant withdrew due to intolerance to the stimulation. DISCUSSION/SIGNIFICANCE OF IMPACT: The iTBS paradigm was effective in improving mood and executive function in older adults. Both the psychometric measure and the self reported executive function measure (indicative of dysexecutive behavior) reflected improvements post iTBS. Improvement in executive function was correlated with depression improvement. We targeted the Dorso Lateral Prefrontal cortex, which exhibits decreased connectivity with the dorsal anterior cingulate in depressed elderly and is a key in orchestration of executive function. Our findings are consistent with the conceptualization of depression as a circuit level disorder affecting interconnected networks involving mood and cognition. Although we demonstrated potential therapeutic effects, the mechanism of action of iTBS remains unknown. We are presently conducting a randomized controlled trial to examine the effects of iTBS on brain connectivity using functional MRI. Results of this study underway will hopefully demonstrate engagement of the TMS target and contribute to a neurocircuitry based approach treatment of geriatric depression.
Cortical Paired Associative Stimulation Influences Response Inhibition: Cortico-cortical and Cortico-subcortical Networks$$$ Background: The ability to stop a suboptimal response is integral to decision making and is commonly impaired across psychiatric disorders. Cortical paired associative stimulation (cPAS) is a form of transcranial magnetic stimulation in which paired pulses can induce plasticity at cortical synapses. Here we used cPAS protocols to target cortico-cortical and cortico-subcortical networks by using different intervals between the paired pulses in an attempt to modify response inhibition. Methods: A total of 25 healthy volunteers underwent four cPAS sessions in random order 1 week apart: right inferior frontal cortex (IFC) stimulation preceding right presupplementary motor area (pre-SMA) stimulation by 10 or 4 ms and pre-SMA stimulation preceding IFC stimulation by 10 or 4 ms. Subjects were tested on the stop signal task along with the delay discounting task as control at baseline (randomized across sessions and cPAS protocol) and after each cPAS session. Results: The stop signal reaction time showed a main effect of cPAS condition when controlling for age (F3,57 = 4.05, p =.01). Younger subjects had greater impairments in response inhibition when the pre-SMA pulse preceded the IFC pulse by 10 ms. In older individuals, response inhibition improved when the IFC pulse preceded the pre-SMA pulse by 4 ms. There were no effects on delay discounting. Conclusions: cPAS modified response inhibition through age-dependent long-term potentiation and depression-like plasticity mechanisms via putative cortico-cortical and cortico-subcortical networks. We show for the first time the capacity for cPAS to modify a cognitive process highly relevant to psychiatric disorders.
Administration of Sub-anesthetic Dose of Ketamine and Electroconvulsive Treatment on Alternate Week Days in Patients with Treatment Resistant Depression: A Double Blind Placebo Controlled Trial$$$ Introduction and Background: Patients with depression who fail to respond to at least two antidepressants in their current episode are considered to have Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD). ECT is an effective treatment of TRD but cognitive side effects limit its use. Ketamine elicits a rapid antidepressant response in sub-anesthetic repeated doses. ECT and ketamine may be modulating the glutamate system, therefore when administered in an interleaved fashion, they could have a synergistic effect. Methods: 15 TRD patients were recruited and 12 were included in the analysis. Patients were randomly assigned to an ECT + iv. ketamine or ECT + iv. placebo (midazolam). At baseline and before each infusion, depression severity scales were administered. At baseline, halfway through and at the end of the study, cognitive tests were administered. Results: There was no difference between the ketamine and placebo arms, per change in 17-item Hamilton Depression Scores (HAM-D), Young Mania Rating Scores or cognitive tests. Per HAMD scores, 3 ECT +ketamine subjects (42%) showed early remission (HAMD < 8) and maintained euthymia for 3 additional visits. None of the ECT +midazolam subjects (0%) achieved early remission. This difference showed a trend level significance (Chi square P-Value = 0.0910). Conclusion: The results of the study were limited due to the small sample size. However, a trend level difference in rates of early remission was seen, suggesting that ketamine + ECT may lead to a faster symptom relief. A larger sample size is needed for statistical confirmation.
The dynamical signature of anhedonia in major depressive disorder: Positive emotion dynamics, reactivity, and recovery$$$ Background: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is the leading cause of disability worldwide. The cardinal features of MDD are depressed mood and anhedonia. Anhedonia is defined as a "markedly diminished interest or pleasure in all, or almost all, activities of the day", and has generally been investigated on group-level using retrospective data (e.g. via questionnaire/interview). However, inferences based on group-level findings not necessarily generalize to daily life experiences within individuals. Methods: We repeatedly sampled pleasurable experiences within individuals' daily lives by means of Experience Sampling Methods, and compared how positive affect unfolded in the daily life of healthy controls versus patients diagnosed with MDD and anhedonia. We sampled Positive Affect (PA) and reward experiences on 10 semi-random time points a day, for seven days in the daily lives of 47 MDD patients with anhedonia, and 40 controls. Results: Multilevel models showed that anhedonia was associated with low PA, but not to differences in PA dynamics, nor reward frequency in daily life. In reaction to rewards, MDD patients with anhedonia showed no difference in their increase in PA (i.e., PA reactivity), and showed no signs of a faster return to baseline thereafter (i.e., PA recovery). Conclusions: Our results suggest that the dynamical signature of anhedonia in MDD can be described best as a lower average level of PA, and "normal" in terms of PA dynamics, daily reward reactivity and reward recovery. Preregistration: https://osf.io/gmfsc/register/565fb3678c5e4a66b5582f67. Preprint: https://osf.io/cfkts.
Combining attentional bias modification with dorsolateral prefrontal rTMS does not attenuate maladaptive attentional processing$$$ High frequency repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown to reduce depressive symptoms and improve cognitive biases such as attentional bias. One promising technique that may complement rTMS treatment is attentional bias modification (ABM) training, given the similarity in modulating attentional bias and affecting neuronal activity. We tested whether the combination of rTMS treatment and ABM training in a single session would attenuate maladaptive attentional processing and improve mood in participants with subclinical depressive symptoms. To this end, 122 healthy participants were randomly assigned to one of four groups, receiving either a single rTMS treatment, a single ABM treatment, a combination of rTMS and ABM or a sham treatment. Of these 122 participants, 72 showed a heightened BDI-II score (between 9 and 25) and were included in our main analyses. In our subclinical (≥9 and ≤25 BDI-II) sample, a single combination treatment of rTMS and ABM training induced no significant changes in attentional bias, attentional control or mood, nor did rTMS alone affect attentional bias systematically. We discuss these null findings in light of the task specifics and relate them to the ongoing discussion on ABM training in depression.
Decoding the mechanism of action of rapid-acting antidepressant treatment strategies: Does gender matter?$$$ Gender differences play a pivotal role in the pathophysiology and treatment of major depressive disorder. This is strongly supported by a mean 2:1 female-male ratio of depression consistently observed throughout studies in developed nations. Considering the urgent need to tailor individualized treatment strategies to fight depression more efficiently, a more precise understanding of gender-specific aspects in the pathophysiology and treatment of depressive disorders is fundamental. However, current treatment guidelines almost entirely neglect gender as a potentially relevant factor. Similarly, the vast majority of animal experiments analysing antidepressant treatment in rodent models exclusively uses male animals and does not consider gender-specific effects. Based on the growing interest in innovative and rapid-acting treatment approaches in depression, such as the administration of ketamine, its metabolites or electroconvulsive therapy, this review article summarizes the evidence supporting the importance of gender in modulating response to rapid acting antidepressant treatment. We provide an overview on the current state of knowledge and propose a framework for rodent experiments to ultimately decode gender-dependent differences in molecular and behavioural mechanisms involved in shaping treatment response.
Efficacy of high-frequency (15 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left premotor cortex/dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in decreasing cocaine intake (the MagneTox study): A study protocol for a randomized placebo-controlled pilot trial$$$ Background: Cocaine use disorder (CUD) is very common and has psychological and physical consequences. Patients with CUD present hypoactivity of the prefrontal cortical area. Thus, excitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the premotor cortex/dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (PMC/DLPFC), given its ability to increase prefrontal area excitability and to modulate cortico-limbic activity, could result in a decrease in cocaine intake. Methods: We designed a protocol for a monocentric, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group pilot trial, with the principal aim of assessing the efficacy of rTMS on the reduction of cocaine intake. Patients with CUD will be recruited according to inclusion and exclusion criteria, and then randomized to undergo active or sham rTMS. Our rTMS protocol will consist of 15 days of 15 Hz rTMS targeting the left PMC/DLPFC. Toxicological and psychiatric assessments, urine drug tests, the Cocaine Craving Questionnaire (CCQ) and the Visual Analogic Scale (VAS) will be used to assess changes from baseline in cocaine intake and craving, mood and quality of life. Discussion: Only a few studies have evaluated the efficacy of rTMS for CUD treatment in humans, with limitations concerning small sample size, short treatment duration, different rTMS protocols and the absence of a placebo-controlled group. Our study will attempt to overcome these shortcomings and will provide data that can be used for future larger studies of non-invasive left PMC/DLPFC stimulation as a treatment for CUD.
ELEctroconvulsive therapy (ECT) vs. Ketamine in patients with Treatment-resistant Depression: The ELEKT-D study protocol$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is the most common mental illness and the leading cause of disability worldwide. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment for MDD and the gold-standard therapy for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), yet it remains underutilized due to factors such as limited availability, stigma, and concerns about cognitive side effects. Ketamine has emerged as the first rapid-acting antidepressant and shows robust short-term efficacy in clinical trials, but there are concerns about its long-term safety and efficacy. While response rates are similar between ECT and ketamine in clinical trials, these treatments have never been compared head-to-head in a sufficiently large, well-powered randomized study. Here we describe the study protocol for ELEctroconvulsive therapy (ECT) vs. Ketamine in patients with Treatment-resistant Depression (ELEKT-D), a non-inferiority, comparative effectiveness trial. Patients with TRD seeking clinical treatment are randomized (1:1) to receive ECT (thrice weekly) or intravenous ketamine (twice weekly) for 3–5 weeks. The primary outcome is the proportion of responders in each group at the end of study visit, as measured by a patient-reported outcome measure (Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self Report). The study is powered such that the non-inferiority margin allows for ketamine to retain 90% of the ECT treatment effect, with a projected sample size of 400 patients (200 per group). Secondary outcomes include remission rates, depression severity, cognitive functioning, quality of life, adverse events, and tolerability. The results of the ELEKT-D study will have important implications for patient choice, clinical practice, and health insurance policies.
Safety and efficacy of pridopidine in patients with Huntington's disease (PRIDE-HD): a phase 2, randomised, placebo-controlled, multicentre, dose-ranging study$$$ Background: Previous trials have shown that pridopidine might reduce motor impairment in patients with Huntington's disease. The aim of this study was to ascertain whether higher doses of pridopidine than previously tested reduce motor symptoms in a dose-dependent manner while maintaining acceptable safety and tolerability. Methods: PRIDE-HD was a randomised, placebo-controlled, phase 2, dose-ranging study in adults (aged ≥21 years) with Huntington's disease at outpatient clinics in 53 sites across 12 countries (Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Italy, Poland, Russia, the Netherlands, the UK, and the USA). Eligible patients had clinical onset after age 18 years, 36 or more cytosine-adenine-guanine repeats in the huntingtin gene, motor symptoms (Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale total motor score [UHDRS-TMS] ≥25 points), and reduced independence (UHDRS independence score ≤90%). Patients were randomly assigned (1:1:1:1:1) with centralised interactive-response technology to receive one of four doses of pridopidine (45, 67·5, 90, or 112·5 mg) or placebo orally twice a day for 52 weeks. Randomisation was stratified within centres by neuroleptic drug use. The primary efficacy endpoint was change in the UHDRS-TMS from baseline to 26 weeks, which was assessed in all randomised patients who received at least one dose of study drug and had at least one post-baseline efficacy assessment (full analysis set). Participants and investigators were masked to treatment assignment. This trial is registered with EudraCT (2013-001888-23) and ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02006472). Findings: Between Feb 13, 2014, and July 5, 2016, 408 patients were enrolled and randomly assigned to receive placebo (n=82) or pridopidine 45 mg (n=81), 67·5 mg (n=82), 90 mg (n=81), or 112·5 mg (n=82) twice daily for 26 weeks. The full analysis set included 397 patients (81 in the placebo group, 75 in the 45 mg group, 79 in the 67·5 mg group, 81 in the 90 mg group, and 81 in the 112·5 mg group). Pridopidine did not significantly change the UHDRS-TMS at 26 weeks compared with placebo at any dose. The most frequent adverse events across all groups were diarrhoea, vomiting, nasopharyngitis, falls, headache, insomnia, and anxiety. The most common treatment-related adverse events were insomnia, diarrhoea, nausea, and dizziness. Serious adverse events occurred in the pridopidine groups only and were most frequently falls (n=5), suicide attempt (n=4), suicidal ideation (n=3), head injury (n=3), and aspiration pneumonia (n=3). No new safety or tolerability concerns emerged in this study. One death in the pridopidine 112·5 mg group due to aspiration pneumonia was considered to be possibly related to the study drug. Interpretation: Pridopidine did not improve the UHDRS-TMS at week 26 compared with placebo and, thus, the results of secondary or tertiary analyses in previous trials were not replicated. A potentially strong placebo effect needs to be ruled out in future studies. Funding: Teva Pharmaceutical Industries.
Accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of Patients with depression: A review$$$ Major depressive disorder is a highly prevalent and profoundly disabling psychiatric disorder with significant morbidity and mortality and it is very often resistant to antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy and psychotherapy. Therapeutic alternatives include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation which may be an effective choice for treatment-resistant depression but requires prolonged treatments for at least four to six weeks. Shorter exposure to this technique might be more advantageous for certain cases. The purpose of this review is to describe and discuss studies that have evaluated the safety and efficacy of accelerated transcranial magnetic stimulation (aTMS) in the acute treatment of depression. Methods: The electronic literature (NCBI Pubmed; Science Direct) on aTMS for the treatment of depression was reviewed. In the last years, a limited number of controlled and open-label studies have been published on the subject. The majority of these studies have shown promising results with aTMS, this protocol probably being at least as safe and as efficacious as conventional rTMS (five sessions per week) in the treatment of treatment-resistant depression (TRD) with a trend for faster response rates when more intensive protocols are used (15 sessions over two days). Future well-designed sham-controlled studies with larger samples are needed to confirm the safety and efficacy of aTMS in the treatment of depression.
Pharmacological treatment of adult bipolar disorder$$$ We summarize evidence supporting contemporary pharmacological treatment of phases of BD, including: mania, depression, and long-term recurrences, emphasizing findings from randomized, controlled trials (RCTs). Effective treatment of acute or dysphoric mania is provided by modern antipsychotics, some anticonvulsants (divalproex and carbamazepine), and lithium salts. Treatment of BD-depression remains unsatisfactory but includes some modern antipsychotics (particularly lurasidone, olanzapine + fluoxetine, and quetiapine) and the anticonvulsant lamotrigine; value and safety of antidepressants remain controversial. Long-term prophylactic treatment relies on lithium, off-label use of valproate, and growing use of modern antipsychotics. Lithium has unique evidence of antisuicide effects. Methods of evaluating treatments for BD rely heavily on meta-analysis, which is convenient but with important limitations. Underdeveloped treatment for BD-depression may reflect an assumption that effects of antidepressants are similar in BD as in unipolar major depressive disorder. Effective prophylaxis of BD is limited by the efficacy of available treatments and incomplete adherence owing to adverse effects, costs, and lack of ongoing symptoms. Long-term treatment of BD also is limited by access to, and support of expert, comprehensive clinical programs. Pursuit of improved, rationally designed pharmacological treatments for BD, as for most psychiatric disorders, is fundamentally limited by lack of coherent pathophysiology or etiology.
Role of the Prefrontal Cortex in Pain Processing$$$ The prefrontal cortex (PFC) is not only important in executive functions, but also pain processing. The latter is dependent on its connections to other areas of the cerebral neocortex, hippocampus, periaqueductal gray (PAG), thalamus, amygdala, and basal nuclei. Changes in neurotransmitters, gene expression, glial cells, and neuroinflammation occur in the PFC during acute and chronic pain, that result in alterations to its structure, activity, and connectivity. The medial PFC (mPFC) could serve dual, opposing roles in pain: (1) it mediates antinociceptive effects, due to its connections with other cortical areas, and as the main source of cortical afferents to the PAG for modulation of pain. This is a ‘loop’ where, on one side, a sensory stimulus is transformed into a perceptual signal through high brain processing activity, and perceptual activity is then utilized to control the flow of afferent sensory stimuli at their entrance (dorsal horn) to the CNS. (2) It could induce pain chronification via its corticostriatal projection, possibly depending on the level of dopamine receptor activation (or lack of) in the ventral tegmental area-nucleus accumbens reward pathway. The PFC is involved in biopsychosocial pain management. This includes repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, antidepressants, acupuncture, cognitive behavioral therapy, mindfulness, music, exercise, partner support, empathy, meditation, and prayer. Studies demonstrate the role of the PFC during placebo analgesia, and in establishing links between pain and depression, anxiety, and loss of cognition. In particular, losses in PFC grey matter are often reversible after successful treatment of chronic pain.
Short-term cortical synaptic depression/potentiation mechanisms in chronic migraine patients with or without medication overuse$$$ Objective: To study the effects of trains of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the motor cortex in patients with chronic migraine (CM) with or without medication overuse (MOH). Subjects and methods: Thirty-two patients (CM [n = 16]; MOH [n = 16]) and 16 healthy volunteers (HVs) underwent rTMS recording. Ten trains of 10 stimuli each (120% resting motor threshold) were applied over the left motor cortex at 1 Hz or 5 Hz in random order. The amplitude of motor evoked potential (MEP) was evaluated from electromyographic recording in the first dorsal interosseous muscle. The slope of the linear regression line for the 10 stimuli for each participant was calculated using normalized data. Results: rTMS-1 Hz had a normal depressive effect on MEP amplitude in all groups. rTMS-5 Hz depressed instead of potentiating MEP amplitudes in MOH patients, with a significantly different response from that in HVs and CM patients. The slope of the linear regression of MEP amplitudes was negatively correlated with pain intensity in CM patients, and with the duration of overuse headache in MOH patients. Conclusions: This different plastic behaviour suggests that MOH and CM, despite exhibiting a similar clinical phenotype, have different neurophysiological learning processes, probably related to different pathophysiological mechanisms of migraine chronification.
Depressive symptoms, alcohol and other drug use, and suicide risk: Prevention and treatment effects from a two-country online eating disorder risk reduction trial$$$ Objective: Eating disorders are known to have high comorbidity, and the current report outlines the impact of an online eating disorder risk reduction program on brief, self-report measures of depressive symptoms, alcohol and other drug use, and suicidality. Method: An online pragmatic, randomized-controlled trial was conducted with N = 316 young-women (M age = 20.80 years) across Australia and New Zealand. Media Smart-Targeted (MS-T) was a 9-module program released weekly while control participants received positive body image tips. Prevention effects (asymptomatic at baseline) and treatment effects (symptomatic at baseline) were investigated. Results: MS-T participants were 94% and 91% less likely than controls to develop Moderate or higher depressive symptoms at 6-month (MS-T = 3.3%; controls = 35.4%) and 12-month follow-up (MS-T = 3.4%; controls = 29.4%), respectively. MS-T participants did not commence using recreational drugs at any assessment point, compared to 18.2% of controls at a least one assessment point. Regarding treatment effects, MS-T participants were 84% more likely to no longer be using recreational drugs at 12-month follow-up (MS-T = 60%; controls = 21.1%). Mutitvariate logistic regressions revealed group, depressive symptoms and alcohol use to be significant predictors of elevated suicide risk, where being an MS-T participant, without depressive symptoms and not drinking alcohol, significantly lowered likelihood of developing elevated suicide risk. Disordered eating at post-program mediated the relationship between group and depressive symptoms across post-program to 12-mnoth follow-up. Discussion: MS-T shows promise as a program with important mental health benefits in addition to previous reports of lowered eating disorder diagnosis, risk and impairment.
Cortico-Muscular Coherence Modulated by High-Definition Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in People with Chronic Stroke$$$ High-definition transcranial direct current stimulation (HD-tDCS) is a potential neuromodulation apparatus for stroke rehabilitation. However, its modulatory effects in stroke subjects is still not well understood. In this paper, the offline modulatory effects of HD-tDCS on the ipsilesional primary motor cortex were investigated by performing wrist isometric contraction tasks before and after HD-tDCS in eleven unilateral chronic stroke subjects using a synchronized HD-tDCS and electroencephalogram/electromyography measurement system. This paper is a randomized, single blinded, and sham-controlled crossover study. Each subject randomly received three HD-tDCS (anode, cathode, and sham) with at least one-week washout period. Online feedback-guided medium-level wrist isometric contraction tasks were conducted for the affected upper limbs before stimulation and 10, 30, and 50 min after the end of 10-min 1-mA HD-tDCS. The characteristics of corticomuscular coherence (CMC), cortical oscillation power spectral density, and power spectral entropy were analyzed during tasks and compared across all sessions and stimulation conditions. Anode HD-tDCS induced significant CMC changes in stroke subjects, while cathode and sham stimulation did not induce significant CMC changes. The largest neuromodulation effects were observed at 10 min immediately after anodal HD-tDCS.
Update on treatments for nonmotor symptoms of Parkinson's disease—an evidence-based medicine review$$$ Objective: To update evidence-based medicine recommendations for treating nonmotor symptoms in Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: The International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society Evidence-Based Medicine Committee's recommendations for treatments of PD were first published in 2002, updated in 2011, and now updated again through December 31, 2016. Methods: Level I studies testing pharmacological, surgical, or nonpharmacological interventions for the treatment of nonmotor symptoms in PD were reviewed. Criteria for inclusion and quality scoring were as previously reported. The disorders covered were a range of neuropsychiatric symptoms, autonomic dysfunction, disorders of sleep and wakefulness, pain, fatigue, impaired olfaction, and ophthalmologic dysfunction. Clinical efficacy, implications for clinical practice, and safety conclusions are reported. Results: A total of 37 new studies qualified for review. There were no randomized controlled trials that met inclusion criteria for the treatment of anxiety disorders, rapid eye movement sleep behavior disorder, excessive sweating, impaired olfaction, or ophthalmologic dysfunction. We identified clinically useful or possibly useful interventions for the treatment of depression, apathy, impulse control and related disorders, dementia, psychosis, insomnia, daytime sleepiness, drooling, orthostatic hypotension, gastrointestinal dysfunction, urinary dysfunction, erectile dysfunction, fatigue, and pain. There were no clinically useful interventions identified to treat non-dementia-level cognitive impairment. Conclusions: The evidence base for treating a range of nonmotor symptoms in PD has grown substantially in recent years. However, treatment options overall remain limited given the high prevalence and adverse impact of these disorders, so the development and testing of new treatments for nonmotor symptoms in PD remains a top priority. © 2019 International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society.
Cognitive effects of non-surgical brain stimulation for major depressive disorder: Protocol for a systematic review and meta-Analysis$$$ Introduction Non-surgical brain stimulation techniques may be considered as alternative or add-on treatments for patients with major depressive disorder who failed to respond to pharmacological interventions. Electroconvulsive therapy has been shown to be highly effective in reducing depressive symptoms but stakeholders remain concerned about adverse cognitive effects. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation may be associated with more benign adverse effect profiles and may indeed improve certain cognitive functions such as memory and attention. To guide clinical decision-making, we will carry out a systematic review and meta-Analysis of the cognitive effects of eight non-surgical brain stimulation techniques. Methods and analysis A systematic literature search of the Embase, PubMed/MEDLINE and PsycINFO databases, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, ClinicalTrials.gov and OpenGrey will be performed. We will include both randomised clinical trials which report on at least one cognitive measure post treatment as well as non-randomised trials and pre-post intervention studies. There are no restrictions to the type of cognitive outcome measures, except that the tests are standardised and psychometrically validated. The Revised Cochrane tool for assessing risk of bias in randomised trials (RoB 2.0) will be used to evaluate included trials. Pre-post studies will be evaluated using the quality assessment tool developed by the US National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute. Meta-Analysis, meta-regression, subgroup and sensitivity analyses will be conducted where sufficient data are available. Ethics and dissemination No ethical approval is needed to conduct this work. The findings will be submitted for publication in peer-reviewed journals and presented at scientific meetings. PROSPERO registration number CRD42018118850.
Effect of text messaging on depression in patients with coronary heart disease: A substudy analysis from the TEXT ME randomised controlled trial$$$ Objective We aimed to evaluate the effects on depression scores of a lifestyle-focused cardiac support programme delivered via mobile phone text messaging among patients with coronary heart disease (CHD). Design Substudy and secondary analysis of a parallel-group, single-blind randomised controlled trial of patients with CHD. Setting A tertiary hospital in Sydney, Australia. Intervention The Tobacco, Exercise and dieT MEssages programme comprised four text messages per week for 6 months that provided education, motivation and support on diet, physical activity, general cardiac education and smoking, if relevant. The programme did not have any specific mental health component. Outcomes Depression scores at 6 months measured using the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9). Treatment effect across subgroups was measured using log-binomial regression model for the binary outcome (depressed/not depressed, where depressed is any score of PHQ-9 ≥5) with treatment, subgroup and treatment by subgroup interaction as fixed effects. Results Depression scores at 6 months were lower in the intervention group compared with the control group, mean difference 1.9 (95% CI 1.5 to 2.4, p<0.0001). The frequency of mild or greater depressive symptoms (PHQ-9 scores≥5) at 6 months was 21/333 (6.3%) in the intervention group and 86/350 (24.6%) in the control group (relative risk (RR) 0.26, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.40, p<0.001). This proportional reduction in depressive symptoms was similar across groups defined by age, sex, education, body mass index, physical activity, current smoking, current drinking and history of depression, diabetes and hypertension. In particular, the rates of PHQ-9 ≥5 among people with a history of depression were 4/44 (9.1%) vs 29/62 (46.8%) in intervention vs control (RR 0.19, 95% CI 0.07 to 0.51, p<0.001), and were 17/289 (5.9%) vs 57/288 (19.8%) among others (RR 0.30, 95% CI 0.18 to 0.50, p<0.001). Conclusions Among people with CHD, a cardiac support programme delivered via mobile phone text messaging was associated with fewer symptoms of mild-to-moderate depression at 6 months in the treatment group compared with controls. Trial registration number ACTRN12611000161921.
Influence of selective seratonin reuptake inhibitors on aphasia recovery: Preliminary data from a clinical trial$$$ Background: In an ongoing trial on the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS VS SHAM) plus language therapy on aphasia recovery in subacute stroke, we are evaluating the effects of SSRI use (WITH OR WITHOUT TDCS) on aphasia recovery. Hypothesis: Mean change in correct Content Units (CU) produced in a picture description (PRIMARY OUTCOME VARIABLE) is influenced by SSRI use, independently of depression, age, and sex. Methods: We analyzed data from 17 participants (WITH APHASIA WITHIN 3 MONTHS OF SINGLE LEFT HEMISPHERE ISCHEMIC STROKE) who have completed 2-month post-treatment follow-up. We expect to have data on 30 by February, 2019. Participants described a picture (SCORED FOR CU), and were administered the Philadelphia Naming Test (PNT), Hopkins Assessment of Naming Actions (HANA), and retold the Cinderella Story (SCORED FOR CU PER MINUTE) before treatment and 2 months post-treatment. They were also administered the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 at each time point to evaluate depression. Treatment was a computer-delivered naming treatment plus either tDCS (1 MA, FOR FIRST 30 MINUTES) or sham (RANDOMLY ASSIGNED), for 15 sessions. SSRI use depended on physician's discretion. We remain blinded to treatment group; but we analyzed effects of SSRI (INDEPENDENT OF DEPRESSION, AGE, AND SEX) on achieving highest quartile change in CU using logistic regression. We compared mean change in each test in SSRI users vs nonusers with Wilcoxon Rank Sum tests. Results: Five participants took daily SSRI. There were no significant differences between SSRI users and nonusers in age, education, or any test at baseline. Together, SSRI use, PHQ9, age, and education predicted highest quartile of change in CU; pseudo r2 = 0.62 (P=0.016). SSRI users were more likely to achieve the highest quartile in CU (OR: 50.9; 95%CI: 0.15-16975), compared to nonusers. Although there were no significant differences between SSRI users and nonusers in change on any of the tests (LIKELY DUE TO LOW POWER), SSRI users showed higher mean improvements on all tests compared to nonusers; CU: 6.5 vs 1.7; PNT: 68.6 vs 50.9; HANA: 7.4 vs 1.8; Cinderella Story: 12.1 vs 10.9. Conclusions: Preliminary data indicate that daily SSRI may positively affect language gains with subacute aphasia treatment.
Failure to do maintenance therapy after completion of transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment is a cause of relapse of depression in mdd patient$$$ Objective: The purpose of this case report is to provide information regarding the importance and effectiveness ofmonthlymaintenance therapy (if required) after completing full course of 36 TMS (Transcranial magnetic stimulation) sessions. (Most patients do not require the maintenance after full course of treatment.) This is the first study to evaluate the cause of relapse of depression after TMS treatment can be due to failure to do maintenance therapy, no related studies are found in the literature. METHOD: The participant is a 57-year-old female with chronic history of treatment resistant MDD since her teenage years. She has been treated 3 times with full course of TMS treatment in 2 years with excellent results, and she went in remission from depression after every treatment. However, due to lack of her attendance for maintenance therapy, despite suggestions by the psychiatrist, her depression relapsed each time within 2-3 months. She was unable to follow-up with maintenance therapy due to her financial situation and lack of coverage of maintenance therapy cost through insurance. RESULT: Patient was monitored from initiation of therapy each day until end with clinical rating scale PHQ9 & GAD7 for depression & anxiety (in all 3 therapies in 2 years). Marked improvement was observed in her symptoms as shown with range during 3 therapies in the chart below. During each therapy, her remission started anytime from10th-14th treatment and after completion of treatment, she was in remission, fully functional & back to normal life. CONCLUSION: Regardless of the limitations of the study (such as case study on one patient), our findings highly suggest that lack of maintenance therapy when needed after completing TMS treatment with full remission may be a cause of relapse of depression in MDD patients. Following through with proper maintenance therapy will prevent relapse of MDD and may have lead to more successful outcomes in subsequent patients. Randomized clinical trial is warranted on large patient population for further evaluation.
Effectiveness of the prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive profiles in depression, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's disease: A systematic review$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective clinical intervention for various neuropsychiatric diseases. However, it is still unclear whether rTMS has an effect on cognitive functioning. In this review, we aimed to systematically evaluate the cognitive effects of rTMS in depression, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's disease. We searched PubMed (1996–2018) under the set terms to review randomized controlled trials (RCT) to examine the effectiveness of rTMS administered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and evaluated cognitive functions in patients with depression, schizophrenia, and Alzheimer's disease. Two authors reviewed each article and came to consensus on the inclusion and exclusion criteria. All eligible studies were reviewed, duplicates were removed, and data were extracted individually. The search identified 579 articles, 31 of which met inclusion and exclusion criteria. Among them, 15 were conducted in patients with depression, 11 in patients with schizophrenia, and 5 in patients with Alzheimer's disease. Specifically, 6 studies demonstrated a significant improvement of executive function across these diseases. Further, no evidence for cognitive adverse effects was found in these included rTMS studies. Although the heterogeneity between studies in terms of cognitive measures applied, stimulation parameters, and participants limits the ability to generalize conclusions, this review demonstrated that prefrontal rTMS could exert pro-cognitive effects on executive function and attention in some patients with depression but inconsistent cognitive impacts in any of the examined domains especially in patients with schizophrenia and Alzheimer's disease. The results warrant further rTMS studies that include systematic assessment of cognition across various neuropsychiatric diseases.
You can do that?!: Feasibility of virtual reality exposure therapy in the treatment of PTSD due to military sexual trauma$$$ This initial feasibility study examined the use of virtual reality exposure therapy (VRE) in the treatment of MST-related PTSD, with newly developed content tailored to MST. Participants included 15 veterans (26% male) with MST-related PTSD. Assessment of PTSD, depression, and psychophysiological indicators of distress occurred at pre-treatment, post-treatment, and 3-month follow-up. Treatment included 6–12 VRE sessions. There were significant reductions in pre- to post-treatment PTSD (CAPS severity: t(10) = 3.69, p =.004; PCL-5: t(10) = 3.79, p =.004) and depressive symptoms, (PHQ-9: t(8) = 2.83, p =.022), which were maintained at follow-up. There also was a significant pre- to post-treatment reduction in heart rate response to a trauma cue. Cohen's d effect sizes were large (CAPS: d = 1.11; PCL-5: d = 1.14, PHQ-9: d =.94), and the percentage of participants meeting PTSD criteria continued to decline from post-treatment (53%) to follow-up (33%). Findings indicate VRE can be safely delivered and is a promising treatment for MST-related PTSD.
Randomized controlled trial of transcranial magnetic stimulation in pregnant women with major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) affects 10% of pregnancies. Because transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a nonmedication option, psychiatric patients who do not tolerate or prefer to avoid antidepressants are good candidates for TMS. Method: In a randomized controlled trial of twenty-two women with MDD in the second or third trimester of pregnancy, subjects were randomized to active TMS (n=11) or sham TMS (n=11). This study took place at a single academic center. Subjects received 20 sessions of TMS to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 1 Hz as a single train of 900 pulses per session at 100% motor threshold. Estradiol and progesterone and were measured before session 1 and after session 20. Results: Results demonstrated significantly decreased Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) scores for the active compared to the sham group (p=0.003). Response rates were 81.82% for the active and 45.45% for the sham coil (p=0.088). Remission rates were 27.27% for the active 18.18% for the sham coil (p=0.613). Late preterm birth (PTB) occurred in three women receiving active TMS. All other maternal and delivery outcomes were normal. Conclusions: Right-sided, low frequency TMS was effective in reducing depressive symptoms in this sample of pregnant women. There may be a possibility that TMS is associated with late PTB although a larger sample size would be needed for adequate power to detect a true difference between groups. This study demonstrated that TMS is low risk during pregnancy although larger trials would provide more information about the efficacy and safety of TMS in this population. This trial shows that an RCT of a biologic intervention in pregnant women with psychiatric illness can be conducted.
Durability of antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: The therapeutic options for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) encompass a range of neuromodulatory techniques, including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). While rTMS is safe and has documented short-term efficacy, durability of antidepressant effects is poorly established. Objective: Assess existing evidence regarding durability of rTMS-induced antidepressant response. Methods: We performed a systematic review of studies reporting antidepressant outcome measures collected three or more months after the end of an induction course of rTMS for depression. Among responders to the induction course, we used a meta-analytic approach to assess response rates at 3 (m3), 6 (m6) or 12 (m12) months after induction, and studied predictors of responder rates using meta-regression. Results: Nineteen studies published between 2002 and 2018 were included. Eighteen were eligible for analysis at m3 (732 patients) and m6 (695 patients) and 9 at m12 (247 patients). Among initial responders, 66.5% sustained response at m3 (95% CI = 57.1–74.8%, I2 = 27.6%), 52.9% at m6 (95% CI = 40.3–65%, I2 = 0%), and 46.3% at m12 (95% CI = 32.6–60.7%, I2 = 0%), in the absence of any major bias. Random-effects meta-regressions further demonstrated that a higher proportion of women, as well as receipt of maintenance treatment, predicted higher responder rates at specific time-points. Conclusions: rTMS is a durable treatment for depression, with sustained responder rates of 50% up to 1 year after a successful induction course of treatment. Maintenance treatment may enhance the durability of the antidepressant effects of rTMS, and should be considered in clinical practice, as well as systematically explored in future clinical trials.
Effects on cognition of 20 days of anodal trans-cranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) over left dorsolateral-pre-frontal cortex (DLPFC) in patients affected by Mild Cognitive Impairment: A case-control study$$$ Mild Cognitive impairment (MCI) affects as long as 15% of population in the elderly. Trans-cranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non invasive technique of neuro-modulation which has proved to influence performances on different cognitive domains. We investigate effects on cognition of 20 days anodal tDCS in 17 MCI patients compared to 17 matched MCI patients. Patients underwent neuropsychological evaluation at baseline and then were randomly assigned to anodal or sham group. tDCS protocol consisted in 20 min, 5 days per week (up to total 20 days), 2 mA anodal stimulation over left dorsolateral pre-frontal cortex (DLPFC). At the end of the last day of stimulation a second neuropsychological evaluation was performed. We compared baseline and after stimulation neuropsychological results in anodal vs sham groups using repeated ANOVA measures as statistical analysis test. At follow-up anodal group showed improvement in verbal episodic memory (p < 0.001) and figure naming test (p < 0.01), in a general index of cognitive function (Brief Mental Deterioration Battery) (p < 0.0001) and in a mood measurement test (Beck Depression Inventory) (p < 0.01). Anodal tCDS can be an useful low-cost and relative risk-free tool to improve cognitive symptoms in MCI.
Enhancement of synaptic plasticity and reversal of impairments in motor and cognitive functions in a mouse model of Angelman Syndrome by a small neurogenic molecule, NSI-189$$$ NSI-189 Phosphate, (4-benzylpiperazin-1-yl)-[2-(3-methyl-butylamino)pyridin-3-yl] methanone is a new chemical entity under development for the treatment of MDD, based upon preclinical data demonstrating stimulation of neurogenesis of human hippocampus-derived neural stem cells in vitro and in mouse hippocampus in vivo. Previous studies have examined the tolerability and efficacy of NSI-189 for treating major depressive disorder (MDD). NSI-189 has shown significant potential as a treatment for MDD, with concurrent improvement of a cognition scale in a small double-blind, placebo-controlled study. The current study evaluated its possible application for the treatment of Angelman Syndrome. Incubation of acute hippocampal slices from wild-type mice with NSI-189 resulted in a time- and dose-dependent increase in the magnitude of long-term potentiation (LTP) elicited by theta burst stimulation (TBS). The same protocol enhanced TBS-induced LTP in acute hippocampal slices from AS mice. A short treatment with daily injections of NSI-189 in AS mice reversed impairments in cognitive and motor functions, while it slightly enhanced performance of WT mice. The effects of NSI-189 on synaptic plasticity and cognitive functions were associated with activation of the TrkB and Akt pathways. These results suggest that NSI-189 could represent a potential treatment for AS patients.
Electro convulsive therapy: Modification of its effect on the autonomic nervous system using anti-cholinergic drugs$$$ The antidepressant efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is correlated to the quality of the seizure as measured by EEG but has also been linked to the magnitude of changes in hemodynamic variables. Muscarinic receptor antagonists are frequently used in the treatment, and are known to affect the hemodynamic response. We hypothesized that atropine and glycopyrrolate alter the hemodynamic and autonomic hormonal response to ECT. In a randomized, cross-over study design 23 patients received either atropine, glycopyrrolate or placebo before ECT. Hemodynamic variable, EEG and EMG, and blood adrenaline, noradrenaline and pancreatic polypeptide was determined. No geriatric patients were included. Hemodynamic changes with ECT can be divided into three phases: Drop in blood pressure and pulse rate in 1st post-stimulus phase was less when using 1 mg atropine. In 2nd post-stimulus phase atropine gave a higher systolic blood pressure. No differences were seen in hormone levels after ECT in the three interventions. A significant longer tonic clonic seizure was seen in the glycopyrrolate group and a tendency of the same was seen with atropine. The study found that the changes in hemodynamic variables induced by ECT can be altered by concomitant administration of muscarinic receptor antagonist.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressants for major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis and systematic review$$$ Background Some evidences have indicated the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with antidepressants is able to accelerate and augment the efficacy in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) in the first episode,1-3 a meta-analysis, a more powerful means for calculating the true effect size, is possibly applicable method to determine the efficacy, acceptability and tolerability in the treatment of such patients. Objectives The aims of study were to systematically review the efficacy, acceptability and tolerability of rTMS combined with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in treatment of the first episode MDD. Study eligibility criteria, participants, and interventions Eligible RCTs had to report (i) severity of MDD, (ii) response and remission rates, (iii) overall discontinuation rate, or (iv) discontinuation rate due to adverse events. Results A total of 108 randomized patients, aged 18-45 years, of two RCTs were included in this study [1,2]. Duration of the first included trial was 4 weeks, including either rTMS plus citalopram or sham plus citalopram treatments for the first 2 weeks and citalopram treatment alone for 2 weeks afterwards [1]. While duration of the last included study was 8 weeks, including either rTMS plus paroxetine or sham plus paroxetine treatments for the first 4 weeks and paroxetine treatment alone for 4 weeks afterwards [2]. Either the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating scale (HAMD-17) or 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating scale (HAMD-24) was used in evaluation severity of depressive symptoms in each RCT. The pooled mean-changed scores of the HAMD in 1, 2 and 4 weeks for rTMS plus SSRIs were greater than that of sham plus SSRIs with SMD (95% CI) of -0.54(-0.93, -0.14), I2=0%, -0.84(-1.24, -0.43) I2=0% and -1.23(-2.36, -0.11), I2=85%, respectively. However, mean-end scores of HAMD in 8 weeks between two groups were not significantly different [2]. Considered in dichotomous outcomes, early improvement rate (a 20% reduction of HAMD-17 scores) in the rTMS plus citalopram-treated group was significantly greater than that of sham plus citalopram-treated group [1]. The response and remission rates of the rTMS plus paroxetine-treated were significant higher than a control group in 4 week treatment but not in 8 week treatment [2]. However, a significance difference of response and remission rates between two treated groups was found in rTMS plus citalopram study [1]. The executive function, measured by Wisconsin Card Sorting Test, Trail Making Test and Stroop Color–Word Test had also no significant difference between the two groups [1]. The pooled rates of overall discontinuation and discontinuation rate due to adverse events were not different between the two groups with RR (95% CI) of 1.20(0.34, 4.23), I2=0% and 0.97(0.21, 4.60), I2=0%, respectively. Conclusions According to present findings, rTMS could accelerate and augment the antidepressant effect in young patients with first-episode major depressive disorder with less effect on executive function. However, the acceptability and tolerability of rTMS in the treatment of such patients is also comparable with sham. The further well-defined and large sample-size studies of rTMS combined with antidepressant in MDD should be carried out to warrant these results. Disclosure statement: Benchalak Maneeton received honoraria and/or travel reimbursement from Lundbeck, Pfizer and Servier. Narong Maneeton received travel reimbursement from Lundbeck and Pfizer. Pakapan Woottiluk, and Awirut Oonarom had no potential conflicts of interest.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of the supplementary motor area in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: A multi-site study$$$ Introduction: Evidence suggests hyper-excitation within the network that includes the prefrontal and orbital frontal cortices, supplementary motor and premotor areas, the striatum, globus pallidus, and thalamus [1–4]. Mitigating cortical excitation using rTMS over the SMA has recently shown clinical utility in treating OCD: rTMS appears to restore some cortical inhibition and is correlated with effective clinical response [5,6]. Specifically, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been employed as an adjunctive treatment in cases of treatment-refractory OCD. Method: Here, low-frequency (1 Hz) rTMS applied bilaterally and simultaneously over SMA for 6 weeks in patients with OCD from two treatment sites (As Bulgaria and Turkey). We hypothesized that we would find significant improvement in patients’ clinical symptoms as classified by the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS). Twenty-two participants were randomly enrolled into the treatment (ACTIVE = 10) or placebo (SHAM = 12) groups. Participants who had primary OCD and eight weeks of adequate treatment and four weeks of a stable dose of SSRI but were not responding (treatment refractory), while those with another main axis I disorders (e.g. Schizophrenia, Major Depressive Disorder, Biolar Disorder etc…) were excluded. Clinical diagnoses were determined by a blinded psychiatrist using the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition (MINI). Active group participants received low-frequency active rTMS (1 Hz, 110% of the Resting Motor Threshold (RMT), for 20 min (5 min trains with 2 min intertrain intervals) by figure eight shaped coils; Medtronic MagPro R30, Farum, Denmark) bilaterally to Supplementary Motor Area (SMA) five sessions a week for the first four weeks. During the fifth week, sessions were reduced to three times per week and again to twice a week during the sixth week. Sham group patients received a coil that was held 90 degrees from the skull, with an intensity of 110% of RMT. Results: Baseline Y-BOCS scores (Visit 1) did not significantly differ between Turkey and Bulgaria. The active treatment group that received rTMS showed a clinically significant reduction in Y-BOCS scores across the five visits; up to right after the last week of rTMS treatment (Visit 5). At the end of the six weeks of rTMS, patients in the ACTIVE group showed a clinically significant improvement in OCD symptoms compared to those in the SHAM group. This effect was maintained six weeks following the end of rTMS treatment. Conclusion: Here we demonstrate that low-frequency rTMS applied bilaterally to the SMA significantly improves clinical symptoms of OCD, an effect that was sustained for at least six weeks following the end of treatment. Therefore, in this sample, rTMS appeared to significantly improve the OCD symptoms of the treated patients beyond the treatment window. More studies need to be conducted to determine the generalizability of these findings and to define the duration of rTMS’ clinical effect on the Y-BOCS scores.
(No) rTMS in non-treatment refractory patients with depression: findings from a meta-analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is an effective treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) [1]. However, there is a considerable degree of heterogeneity in randomized clinical trials of rTMS, for instance pertaining to patient characteristics such as age and degree of treatment refractoriness. Increased age and higher levels of refractoriness both predict lower antidepressant efficacy of rTMS in patients with MDD [2–4]. As such, we hypothesized that rTMS trials that recruited patients who had previously failed fewer treatment attempts find stronger treatment effects. Methods: We used data from 36 randomized sham-controlled trials included in a recent meta-analysis of the antidepressant efficacy and acceptability of rTMS in depression [5]. Search strategy as well as inclusion and exclusion criteria are reported elsewhere [5]. We included those trials that examined High-Frequency Left (HF-L), High-Frequency Right (HF-R), Low-Frequency Right (LF-R), Low-Frequency Left (LF-L) or Bilateral (BL) rTMS. The percentage of trials that recruited (i) patients with treatment refractory depression (ii) patients with non-treatment refractory depression or (iii) both treatment refractory and non-treatment refractory patients were calculated. We also examined how many failed medication trails were required to meet each study's definition of treatment refractoriness. Finally, random effects model analyses were used to estimate response and remission rates by levels of treatment refractoriness. Results: Thirty six trials (N = 1568 patients) reported on the level of treatment refractoriness in their sample. The minimum number of failed medication trials used to define treatment refractoriness ranged from ≥1 to ≥3; one trial provided a range of 1–4 failed medication trials to define treatment refractoriness. 22% (n = 248 patients) of these studies required a medication class-switch (e.g. SSRI to SNRI). Most studies (64 %; n = 702 patients) used ≥2 failed medication trials as criterion. No study with medication-naïve patients was found and only two studies (5.5%; n = 41 patients) used defined treatment refractoriness as ≥1 failed treatment attempt. We did not find significant subgroup differences in terms of response rates between trials with different criteria used to define treatment refractoriness (Q(5) = 9.05, p = 0.11). Conclusions: We investigated whether different criteria used to define treatment refractoriness in rTMS trials have an effect on the reported treatment efficacy. However, we did not find any evidence supporting this hypothesis. This may be due to non-mutually exclusive definitions of treatment refractoriness (e.g. patients with four failed treatment attempts may be included in a trial which requires a minimum of one failed medication trial). More importantly though, it has become evident that this question cannot be answered adequately due to a lack of studies in low treatment refractory or medication-naïve patients. In light of the more benign tolerability profile of rTMS and evidence for the antidepressant efficacy in low treatment refractory patients, future trials should investigate the efficacy of rTMS in non-treatment refractory depression. Disclosure statement: M. Kiebs received lecture fees from inomed Medizintechnik GmbH.
A systematic review of the utility of electroconvulsive therapy in broadly defined obsessive-compulsive related disorders$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective and safe treatment for major depressive disorder [1], but its utility in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) [2] and other related disorders (OCRDs) has been debated. Objective: To assess the evidence supporting the efficacy of ECT in OCRDs including body dysmorphic disorder (BDD), hoarding disorder (HD), trichotillomania (hair pulling disorder) (HPD) and excoriation (skin-picking) disorder (SPD), as well as conditions under an “extended” OCD spectrum, including tic disorders, autism spectrum disorders, and self-injurious behaviors (SIB). Methods: A systematic search was performed in Medline, Web of Science, Scopus and LILACS from June 6 to July 2 of 2017. Manual searches were also performed in the reference list of the selected articles and books. No restraints regarding language or dates were used. After repeated references were excluded, 449 titles were initially screened, 95 articles were assessed for preliminary eligibility and 52 articles were included in the analysis for reporting the efficacy of ECT on repetitive behaviors. Sociodemographic information, clinical data, history of psychiatric treatments and the effect of ECT on target behaviors were extracted from individual cases. Responders were compared to non-responders by means of χ2-square, Fisher's Exact and Mann-Whitney U tests. The Benjamin-Hochberg procedure was performed for multiple comparisons. Results: All records were case reports/series; there were no randomized controlled trials (RCT). Of the total sample of 69 OCRD subjects to which ECT has been administered (including 9 BDD, 30 tic disorder, and 30 SIB patients), a positive response was reported in 73.4% (44.0% of BDD, 74.1% of tic disorder and 85.7% of SIB patients). However, formal assessments of the severity of repetitive behaviors with structured tools have been mentioned in only 12 (17.4%) patients, casting doubt on the validity of such reports. Articles describing ECT responders were more likely to report previous unsuccessful treatment with antipsychotics (p<0.001) and antidepressants (p = 0.007). More than half of responders (55.6%) who had been followed in the absence of ECT had experienced symptoms’ relapse, but a positive response was noted in all subjects (n = 12) that were resubmitted to ECT. Conclusion: The fact that more than 70% of the cases have shown some response to ECT should not be considered unequivocal evidence of its efficacy in OCRDs. The primary limitation to forming any firm conclusions is that there is a total lack of RCTs on the efficacy of ECT in different OCRDs. An additional limitation is the absence of valid/transdiagnostic tools for the assessment of treatment response across OCRDs. Nonetheless, the available evidence does suggest that an RCT of ECT in OCRDs may be warranted, particularly in more severe tic disorders and SIBs cases, in which maintenance ECT may be advisable due to the high relapse rate. The association between OCRDs’ response to ECT and previous treatment with antipsychotics and antidepressants suggest either that 1) ECT is more effective as an augmentation strategy for existing anti-OCRDs’ treatments or that 2) authors who describe response are more likely to emphasize or report previous resistance to antipsychotics or antidepressants.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) versus antidepressants as an add-on treatment for depression in schizophrenia$$$ Introduction: Brain stimulation techniques are considered for augmentation strategies in the treatment of depression but there are limited data concerning its application in schizophrenia. Meanwhile depression is a common symptom in schizophrenia with life-time prevalence up to 60% [1] which has an association with aggravated course of illness, decreased quality of life and increased mortality rates [2]. Depression and negative symptoms are much more resistant to pharmacotherapy than manifestations of psychosis [3]. For this reason, there is a growing interest in nonpharmacological methods of treatment such as rTMS for the management of depression in schizophrenia. rTMS induces local changes in neuronal activity of the certain brain areas by electromagnetic impulses. As it considered prefrontal cortex dysfunction leads to depressive, negative and cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia. Therefore, left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is supposed to be the area of interest for stimulation. Aims: The primary objective of our study was to compare rTMS to antidepressants in efficacy and tolerability as an add-on treatment for depression in patients with schizophrenia who were stabilized on antipsychotic therapy. The secondary objective was to study effects of treatment on negative symptoms and cognition. Methods: Sixty-six patients with schizophrenia (ICD-10) stabilized on antipsychotic medication and without exacerbation of psychotic symptoms were included in the study. All the patients had clinically significant depression (CDSS score ≥ 6). Negative symptoms were prevalent in all patients. Mean PANSS composite index was -10.9±4.6. Patients were divided randomly into 2 groups. Patients of the 1st group received 15-Hz rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (100% intensity, 6-second trains, 60-second intervals, and 20-train session). Sessions were given 5 times a week for 3 weeks. In the 2nd group the antidepressant treatment was used as an active control. All the patients were going on antipsychotic medication in adequate stable dose regimen, 90.9% of them were treated with atypical agents. Patients were assessed weekly with CDSS, PANSS, CGI-S and with the battery of cognitive tests. The criterion of efficacy was 50% CDSS score reduction after 3 weeks of treatment. Nonparametric statistical methods were used. Results: The number of responders was 62.5% in the rTMS group and 52.9% in the control group. CDSS score reduction after 3 weeks was 50.6% (p<0.05) in rTMS group and 47.4% (p<0.05) in the control group, PANSS negative subscale reduction was 15.5% (p<0.05) vs. 5.8% (p<0.05) correspondingly. Cognitive test results have an inverse correlation with PANSS negative subscale, the strongest Spearman's correlation was −0.45 (p<0.05) for the symbol coding task. The improvement of the symbol coding task score was 20.3% (p<0.05) in rTMS group and 11.4% (p<0.05) in the control group. The fast cognitive response was more likely to correspond with the positive outcome of the treatment. Good tolerability, rapid onset of action, and more potent reduction of negative symptoms were the prominent features of rTMS action. Conclusions: The study revealed that rTMS is comparable in efficacy to conventional pharmacological treatment of depression in schizophrenia. Moreover, rTMS reduces negative symptoms and improves cognitive functions better than antidepressants.
Network meta-analysis of the efficacy and safety of antidepressants for acutely ill elderly patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: Depression is very frequent in the elderly population and it has negative consequences for the afflicted individuals such as poor quality of life and in extreme cases death by suicide. Antidepressants are the most frequently used treatments, but there are many compounds which differ in efficacy and side-effects, and which is the “best” antidepressant for elderly people is unclear. Due to small effect sizes in meta-analysis in “general” adults (age range 18-65 years) there is also a debate about the efficacy of antidepressants and some think that they do more harm than good [1]. Moreover, elderly people are an especially vulnerable population in drug treatment, because they are more sensitive for side-effects and because they often have multiple medical comorbidities for which they receive other treatments which make them prone to drug interactions. The other mainstay of treatment are various forms of psychotherapy which maybe a better treatment option for this population, but how effective it is for older adults is unclear. This is even more true for other treatments of depression such as exercise, relaxation techniques, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), light therapy and multiple other ones. Aims: To examine the comparative efficacy and tolerability of all antidepressant drugs, various types of psychotherapy and other treatments for elderly patients with depression by conventional and network meta-analysis (NMA). Methods: As data sources we searched the database of the Cochrane common mental disorders group, MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Library, PubMed, Biosis, and ClinicalTrials.gov up to 31 December 2017. At least 2 independent reviewers selected and extracted published and unpublished single- and double-blind RCTs. The quality of all included trials was assessed using the Cochrane Collaboration's risk-of-bias tool. The primary outcome will be the number of patients who responded to treatment, showing a reduction of at least 50% on the Hamilton Depression Scale or other validated depression scales. Other outcomes included remission, depressive symptoms, quality of life, social functioning, mortality, suicide attempts, and a brought range of adverse events. Conventional pairwise meta-analyses and network meta-analyses will be applied. Continuous data will be analysed as standardised mean differences (Hedges's adjusted g) and dichotomous outcomes as risk ratios. Transitivity in the network will be evaluated by comparing the distribution of effect modifiers, and statistical consistency will be examined with specific tests (design-by-treatment test, looped-based approach. Small trial and publication bias will be examined with a funnel-plot method expanded to network meta-analysis. Various subgroup and meta-regression analyses are planned a priori Preliminary results: We screened more than 5,500 titles/abstracts and around 800 full publications. Finally we included more than fifty randomised controlled trials. First preliminary results of the NMA about the pharmacological treatments showed no significant superiority in the reduction of depressive symptoms for most of the included drugs in comparison with placebo. Only Moclobemid (SMD −1.15, CI −2.17 to −0.13), Quetiapine (SMD −0.88, CI −1.56 to −0.20) and Escitalopram (SMD −0.71 CI −1.13 to −0.29) showed significant superiority compared to placebo. Further results about efficacy and safety will be presented at the poster.
P.3.28 Individual prediction of electroconvulsive therapy response using multicenter neuroimaging data: For GEMRIC consortium$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective intervention for severe depression. Initial studies have used multivariate pattern analysis techniques to develop neuroimaging biomarkers that may enable personalized treatment and aid clinical decisions. Although these results have been promising, sample sizes were small and replication across larger multicenter datasets is required. Therefore, we aimed to develop robust imaging markers based on multi center data from the Global ECT-MRI Research Collaboration (GEMRIC) [1]. Methods: Structural T1 and resting-state fMRI data from 166 depressed patients were obtained from seven sites in North America and Europe. All participants underwent scanning and clinical assessment pre- and post-ECT (more details on study characteristics, ECT- and scanning parameters can be found in [1]). Treatment response was defined as 50% reduction in MADRS or HDRS score. Voxel-based morphometry was used to extract gray matter images from T1 scans. Independent component analysis was used to extract resting-state networks from fMRI data, and between-network correlations were computed to estimate functional connectivity. Multivariate classification analyses were performed using linear support vector machine (libsvm) with 500 cross-validation iterations with random selection of 80% data for training and 20% for testing, stratified for class labels and site. Additionally, a sparse logistic regression (with L1 regularization) was used for classification with 50 cross-validation iteration, and selected features were further investigated to localize the brain regions associated with treatment response. Results: The final sample included 106 ECT responders and 60 ECT non responders. Response classification performance for linear SVM was higher using the functional network correlations (AUC mean (SD) = 0.75 (0.08); Balanced Accuracy mean (SD) = 0.69 (0.07)) than when using gray matter images (AUC mean (SD) = 0.65 (0.07); Balanced Accuracy mean (SD) = 0.60 (0.06)). Conversely, classification performance for the logistic regression was higher using gray matting images (AUC mean (SD) = 0.69 (0.06); Balanced Accuracy mean (SD): 0.62 (0.06)) than when using functional network correlations (AUC mean (SD) = 0.66 (0.09); Balanced Accuracy mean (SD) = 0.60 (0.08)). Gray matter features selected by the logistic regression were predominately localized in the transverse temporal gyrus (MNI coordinates x = 44, y = -18, z = 11; using the AAL atlas). Conclusions: Although treatment outcome prediction for ECT remains difficult in clinical practice, these preliminary results demonstrate the potential feasibility of machine learning techniques to classify responders from non responders using neuroimaging data. The best classification performance was achieved using functional network correlations features derived from rs-fMRI data, and this finding is in line with previous multivariate pattern analysis studies on ECT prediction [2]. The large variability of the multicenter data suggests that these biomarkers are robust across different scanners, ECT parameters and sample characteristics, indicating that future development of a clinical decision support tool might be feasible.
Segregation of salience network predicts treatment response of depression to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background: The present study tested the hypothesis that network segregation, a graph theoretic measure of functional organization of the brain, is correlated with treatment response in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) undergoing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Methods: Network segregation, calculated from resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging scans, was measured in 32 patients with MDD who entered a sham-controlled, double-blinded, randomized trial of rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and a cohort of 20 healthy controls (HCs). Half of the MDD patients received sham treatment in the blinded phase, followed by active rTMS in the open-label phase. The analyses focused on segregation of the following networks: default mode (DMN), salience (SN), fronto-parietal (FPN), cingulo-opercular (CON), and memory retrieval (MRN). Results: There was no differential change in network segregation comparing sham to active treatment. However, in the combined group of patients who completed active rTMS treatment (in the blinded plus open-label phases), higher baseline segregation of SN significantly predicted more symptom improvement after rTMS. Compared to HCs at baseline, MDD patients showed decreased segregation in DMN, and trend-level decreases in SN and MRN. Conclusion: The results highlight the importance of network segregation in MDD, particularly in the SN, where more normal baseline segregation of SN may predict better treatment response to rTMS in depression.
Efficacy of celecoxib adjunct treatment on bipolar disorder: Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Bipolar Disorder (BD) is a psychiatric disorder characterized by mood disturbances. The pathophysiology of BD is still poorly understood. In the last years, research studies focused on the role of inflammation in BD. Objective: Performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the potential effect of the cy-clo-oxygenases (Cox)-2 inhibitor Celecoxib adjunct treatment in BD through randomized controlled trials (RCT). Methods: A search on the electronic databases was proceeded, on MEDLINE, EMBASE, Scopus, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), Biomed Central, Web of Science, IBECS, LILACS, PsycINFO, Congress Abstracts, and Grey literature (Google Scholar and the British Library) for studies published from January 1990 to February 2018. A search strategy was developed using the terms: “Bipolar disorder” or “Bipolar mania” or “Bipolar depression” or “Bipolar mixed” or “Bipolar euthymic” and “Celecoxib” or “Cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors” or “Cox-2 inhibitors” as text words and Medical Subject Headings (i.e., MeSH and EMTREE) and searched. The therapeutic effects of adjunctive treatment with Celecoxib were analyzed. The meta-analysis was performed including the results of the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) at the end of RCT. Results: Three primary studies were included in the systematic review, with a total of 121 patients. The meta-analysis showed a significant effect on the YMRS scores from patients with BD who used Celecoxib adjuvant treatment in comparison to placebo. Conclusion: The systematic review suggests that adjuvant treatment with Celecoxib improves the response of major treatments in patients with BD when compared with adjuvant placebo treatment. Systematic Review Registration Number: The review protocol was registered at PROSPERO (regis-tration number: CRD42017067635); in June 06 2017.
Unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials over 2 decades$$$ Background: Approximately 35% of people with depression do not respond to 2 courses of antidepressant medications of adequate dosage, and treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is still a major clinical concern with a great impact on patients, their families, society and the health system. The present meta-analysis evaluates antidepressant efficacy of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with unipolar TRD. Methods: We searched for randomized controlled trials that compared rTMS with sham treatment and were published by Apr. 3, 2017. The primary outcome was improvement in depression scores measured using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. The secondary outcomes were remission and response rates. Two independent review authors screened the studies and extracted the data. Results: Twenty-three studies met the inclusion criteria. Meta-analysis of the depression scores showed a weighted mean difference (WMD) of 3.36 (95% confidence interval [CI] 1.85-4.88) between unilateral rTMS and sham treatment. Stratified data showed that the effect was relatively higher when rTMS was used as an add-on to antidepressant medications (WMD 3.64, 95% CI 1.52-5.76) than when it was used as a stand-alone treatment (WMD 2.47, 95% CI 0.90- 4.05). The WMD between bilateral rTMS and sham was 2.67 (95% CI 0.83-4.51), and all studies that contributed to this outcome used rTMS while participants were taking antidepressant medications. The pooled remission and response rates for unilateral rTMS versus sham treatment were 16.0% and 25.1% for rTMS and 5.7% and 11.0% for sham treatment, respectively. The pooled remission and response rates for bilateral rTMS versus sham treatment were 16.6% and 25.4% for rTMS and 2.0% and 6.8% for sham treatment, respectively. Conclusion: This study suggests that rTMS has moderate antidepressant effects and appears to be promising in the short-term treatment of patients with unipolar TRD.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in borderline personality disorder - case series$$$ Aim: We present the results of a case series study of individual ly navigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in four patients with borderline personality disorder (BPD). Patients and methods: Four patients with BPD performed a Go/ NoGo task dur ing functional MRI (fMRI) designed for observ ing behavioural inhibition neural cor relates. The site within the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with the largest diff erence in BOLD signal between the NoGo and Go conditions was as signed as a target for rTMS in each patient. Four patients underwent 15 ses sions of individual ly navigated 10-Hz rTMS treatment at 110% of their individual rest ing motor threshold for 3 weeks (one ses sion per work ing day). One ses sion contained 1,500 pulses delivered in 15 trains by 10 s, lead ing to a total of 22,500 pulses dur ing the treatment. Results: The treatment was very well tolerated without any serious side eff ects. After the treatment, the patients reported that they felt better self-control of their emotions, especial ly anger; that their urges for self-harm and suicidal thoughts decreased or disappeared; and that their derealisation/ depersonalisation episodes disappeared. Patients also showed less depres sion symp toms after the treatment. Conclusion: rTMS with neuronavigation individualised by a fMRI Go/ NoGo task is a promis ing tool for reduc ing impulsive behaviour and enhanc ing emotion regulation in BPD patients. Double-blind placebo-control led studies in larger samples are neces sary to draw further conclusions about rTMS eff ectiveness in BPD.
Oral ketamine for depression: A systematic review$$$ Objective: Intravenous (IV) ketamine has rapid and robust antidepressant effects; however, poor accessibility of the IV route often limits its use. Numerous alternative routes of administration are being investigated. Oral ketamine is particularly appealing for its ease of use with the potential for high accessibility. The objective of the current systematic review, in accordance with PRISMA, is to determine the efficacy, safety, tolerability, and dose range of oral ketamine for bipolar and unipolar depression. Data Sources: The MEDLINE/PubMed, EMBASE, and Google Scholar databases were systematically searched for relevant articles, written in English, published prior to July 2018 using relevant keywords for all variants of ketamine, oral, and depression. Study Selection: All clinical studies assessing oral ketamine for bipolar or unipolar depression were included. A total of 13 published articles were identified, of which 2 were proof-of-concept, randomized controlled trials (RCTs); 1 was a prospective open-label trial; 5 were retrospective chart reviews; and 5 were case reports. Data Extraction: Included articles were qualitatively analyzed to determine antidepressant efficacy, tolerability, safety, dose range, antisuicide effects, time to effect, and efficacy in treatment-resistant depression and study bias. Results: Both RCTs demonstrated antidepressant efficacy with good tolerability; however, significant changes in depressive symptom severity were observed only after 2-6 weeks of treatment (P < .05). Both RCTs had high risk for bias, due to inadequate intent-to-treat analysis and adverse effect monitoring. Rapid antidepressant effects (ie, within 24 hours), antisuicide effects, and efficacy in treatment-resistant depression were reported only in retrospective studies. Dosages and frequency of administration were variable (ie, 0.5-7.0 mg/kg 3 times daily to once monthly), with most studies providing dosages of 1-2 mg/kg every 1-3 days. No clinically significant adverse effects were reported. Conclusions: A small number of clinical studies assessed the antidepressant effects of oral ketamine. Initial results suggest that oral ketamine has significant antidepressant effects with good overall tolerability; however, antidepressant effects are not as rapid as those associated with IV ketamine. Antisuicide effects and efficacy in treatment-resistant depression have yet to be demonstrated. Additional well-designed RCTs are warranted.
Psychopharmacological treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD)$$$ Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is associated with affective and cognitive symptoms causing personal distress and reduced global functioning. These have considerable societal costs due to healthcare service utilization. Objective: Our aim was to assess the efficacy of pharmacological interventions in OCD and clinical guidelines, providing a comprehensive overview of this field. Methods: We searched the PubMed database for papers dealing with drug treatment of OCD, with a specific focus on clinical guidelines, treatments with antidepressants, antipsychotics, mood stabilizers, off-label medications, and pharmacogenomics. Results: Prolonged administration of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) is most effective. Better results can be obtained with a SSRI combined with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) or the similarly oriented exposure and response prevention (ERP). Refractory OCD could be treated with different strategies, including a switch to another SSRI or clomipramine, or augmentation with an atypical antipsychotic. The addition of medications other than antipsychotics or intravenous antidepressant administration needs further investigation, as the evidence is inconsistent. Pharmacogenomics and personalization of therapy could reduce treatment resistance. Conclusions: SSRI/clomipramine in combination with CBT/ERP is associated with the optimal response compared to each treatment alone or to other treatments. New strategies for refractory OCD are needed. The role of pharmacogenomics could become preponderant in the coming years.
Placebo effect in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). placebo response and placebo responders in OCD: The trend over time$$$ Background: Placebo response appears to be increasing in antidepressant, antipsychotic and various internal medicine trials. A similar trend has been reported for OCD during 1989-1999. Placebo response is generally considered as the extent to which placebo treatment is associated with core symptom improvement. In this analysis, we used Joinpoint regression to assess the time trend of both placebo response and placebo responder rates according to the year of publication with no time restriction in OCD drug trials. Methods: We included drug and/or psychotherapy trials vs. placebo from PubMed, Embase, CINAHL, and PsycINFO retrieved through the search (placebo OR sham) AND (obsessive* OR OCD). We included studies through investigator consensus. We then performed on data of included studies log-linear joinpoint segmented regression models using a p<0.05 cutoff. Results: We included 113 studies from 112 published papers. Placebo mean annual response rates in OCD studies significantly increased from 1991 to 2017 with an annual percent change (APC) of 0.66%, while placebo mean annual responder rates also significantly increased from 2010 to 2017, with an APC of 5.45%. Drug mean annual response rates in OCD studies significantly increased from 1987 to 2012 with an APC of 0.72%, while the corresponding responder rates did not show statistically significant APC changes between 1984 and 2017. Conclusion: We observed a tendency for placebo to increase both measures of response in OCD clinical drug trials through the years that tend to approximate the responses shown by drugs. Changes in the type of study (moving from classical head to head comparisons to add-on studies in treatment-resistant populations) and countries involved in experimentation may partially account for some portion of these results. It appears that placebo effects are becoming more elusive and out of control.
Insula h-coil deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and enduring anorexia nervosa (SE-AN): A pilot study$$$ Introduction: Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a complex disorder of unknown etiology, characterized by obsessions and compulsions around body shape, weight, and calorie intake. In the course of AN, 10%–30% will recover, while the rest will develop a treatment-resistant course with a high mortality rate due to AN-related complications. The insula is a region in the brain of considerable interest to its role in gustatory modulation, feeding behavior, and processing of interoceptive stimuli. Objective: Recent advances in the neurophysiology of AN suggest insula dysfunction as a potential biomarker for people with severe and enduring AN (SE-AN). Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) is of particular interest in SE-AN because of its ability to target deep areas of the brain. Design: We conducted a pilot study to investigate the feasibility and safety of insula dTMS in subjects with SE-AN. Results: We found that dTMS is a safe and well-tolerated treatment. We also found a reduction in AN-related obsessions and compulsions, as well as depression and anxiety scores from baseline to the end of the trial. Due to small sample size, the results of this study should be interpreted with great caution. Discussion: The results suggest that dTMS is safe and well tolerated and may be of some clinical interest in patients with SE-AN. However, to determine the true efficacy of dTMS for SE-AN, there is a need to conduct a randomized controlled trial comparing real versus sham dTMS in a larger number of AN subjects.
Impact of serotonin transporter gene on rTMS augmentation of SSRIs for obsessive compulsive disorder$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is beneficial for treatmentresistant patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). The serotonin transporter gene (SLC6A4) may be associated with OCD. We aimed to determine whether SLC6A4 impacts the beneficial effects of rTMS in patients with OCD treated with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Methods: Fifty-seven untreated patients with OCD were randomly assigned to receive active or sham rTMS in a 4-week double-blind study. The participants received 1-Hz rTMS over the supplementary motor area once per day, for 5 days a week, for 4 weeks. One of the widely employed SSRIs was utilized at the initiation of active or sham rTMS. Yale-Brown obsessive- compulsive scale (Y-BOCS) scores were used for assessing the symptoms. The mostresearched polymorphism of SLC6A4, 5-HTTLPR (L/S), was also examined. Results: Y-BOCS scores in the active group at the completion of the treatment were significantly lower than those in the sham group. Interestingly, the improvement in Y-BOCS scores in patients with the LL genotype treated with active rTMS was significantly (p<0.05) greater than in those treated with sham rTMS. Conversely, rTMS did not produce significant improvements in S allele carriers. Conclusions: The findings of this study suggest that rTMS can augment the beneficial effects of SSRIs in OCD patients with the LL genotype of 5-HTTLPR. Therefore, the presence of 5-HTTLPR (L/S) in SLC6A4 may be a predictable biomarker for the beneficial effects of rTMS, although more studies using larger sample sizes are warranted for confirming the results.
Ketamine and depression: A narrative review$$$ Depression is the third leading cause of disability in the world. Depressive symptoms may be reduced within several weeks after the start of conventional antidepressants, but treatment resistance concerns one-third of patients who fail to achieve recovery. Over the last 20 years, ketamine, an antagonist of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor, has been described to have antidepressant properties. A literature review was conducted through an exhaustive electronic search. It was restricted to Cochrane reviews, meta-analyses, and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of ketamine for major depressive disorder and/or bipolar disorder. This review included two Cochrane reviews, 14 meta-analyses and 15 trials. Ketamine was studied versus placebo, versus other comparators and as an anesthetic adjuvant before electroconvulsive therapy. In 14 publications, ketamine provided a rapid antidepressant effect with a maximum efficacy reached at 24 hrs. Its effect lasted for 1–2 weeks after infusion, but a longer-term effect is little reported. Ketamine does not seem to improve depressive symptoms at the end of electroconvulsive sessions. Safety and tolerability profiles with ketamine at low single dose are generally good in depressed patients. However, there is a lack of data concerning ketamine with repeated administration at higher doses. The clinical use of ketamine is increasing. Intranasal (S)-ketamine has recently been approved for depression by the Food and Drug Administration. It could be a promising treatment in depressed patients with suicidal ideation. Collectively, the level of proof of efficacy remains low and more RCTs are needed to explore efficacy and safety issues of ketamine in depression.
Emerging medical applications based on non-ionizing electromagnetic fields from 0 Hz to 10 THz$$$ The potential for using non-ionizing electromagnetic fields (EMF; at frequencies from 0 Hz up to the THz range) for medical purposes has been of interest since many decades. A number of established and familiar methods are in use all over the world. This review, however, provides an overview of applications that already play some clinical role or are in earlier stages of development. The covered methods include modalities used for bone healing, cancer treatment, neurological conditions, and diathermy. In addition, certain other potential clinical areas are touched upon. Most of the reviewed technologies deal with therapy, whereas just a few diagnostic approaches are mentioned. None of the discussed methods are having such a strong impact in their field of use that they would be expected to replace conventional methods. Partly this is due to a knowledge base that lacks mechanistic explanations for EMF effects at low-intensity levels, which often are used in the applications. Thus, the possible optimal use of EMF approaches is restricted. Other reasons for the limited impact include a scarcity of well-performed randomized clinical trials that convincingly show the efficacy of the methods and that standardized user protocols are mostly lacking. Presently, it seems that some EMF-based methods can have a niche role in treatment and diagnostics of certain conditions, mostly as a complement to or in combination with other, more established, methods. Further development and a stronger impact of these technologies need a better understanding of the interaction mechanisms between EMF and biological systems at lower intensity levels. The importance of the different physical parameters of the EMF exposure needs also further investigations.
Are we getting any better at staying better? The long view on relapse and recovery in first episode nonaffective psychosis and schizophrenia$$$ Relapse in, and recovery from, schizophrenia has been acknowledged since the disease was first described. In this review the authors summarize the long-term (>100 years) data on relapse and recovery in schizophrenia by reviewing the extant older and modern relevant literature. The authors systematically question the utility of pharmacological and nonpharmacological interventions, with an emphasis on first episode nonaffective psychosis. The method used is a narrative review of earlier meta-analytic and systematic reviews. Antipsychotic medication discontinuation studies suggest a role for prophylactic maintenance treatment in the majority of people with schizophrenia, despite recent debate on this subject. The authors conclude that long-term outcomes, including relapse and recovery rates, have improved in the last 100 years, though prospectively identifying those people who do not require long-term antipsychotic treatment has not yet been possible. Data also suggests that interventions and outcomes during the first 5 years of the disease can influence the long-term schizophrenia trajectory.
The efficacy of miniaturized repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression$$$ Objective: The present study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at a high frequency using a miniaturized device compared to standard rTMS and sham rTMS for the treatment of depression. Methods: Fifty-four patients with depression were randomly assigned to either 15 days of miniaturized, standard, or sham rTMS. The stimulation consisted of 60 trains of 5 seconds at 10 Hz for 30 minutes. Clinical measures were assessed at baseline and on the final day of the stimulation. Results: A repeated-measures analysis of variance revealed a significant main effect of time and a time by group interaction on Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores. There were no significant correlations between individual motor thresholds and changes of clinical outcomes. Our results revealed a significant reduction in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression in the miniaturized and standard groups compared to the sham group. Conclusion: The antidepressant utility of miniaturized rTMS using subthreshold stimulation was comparable to that of standard stimulation.
Transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) versus venlafaxine ER in the treatment of depression: A randomized, double-blind, single-center study with open-label, follow-up$$$ Objective: Transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS), a relatively new neuromodulation approach, provides some evidence of an antidepressant effect. This randomized, 4-week, doubleblind study with 8-week, open-label, follow-up compared the efficacy and tolerability of left anodal tDCS with venlafaxine ER (VNF) in the treatment of depression and prevention of early relapse. Methods: Subjects (n = 57) received tDCS (2 mA, 20 sessions, 30 mins) plus placebo (n = 29) or VNF plus sham tDCS (n = 28). Responders to both interventions entered the open-label follow-up. The primary outcome was score change in the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at week 4 of the study. Secondary outcomes were response, remission, dropout rates and relapse rates within the follow-up. The mean change in the MADRS score from baseline to week for patients treated with tDCS was 7.69 (95% CI, 5.09-10.29) points and 9.64 (95% CI, 6.20-13.09) points for patients from the VNF group, a nonsignificant difference (1.95, 95% CI -2.25-6.16; t (55) = 0.93, p= 0.36, Cohen’s d = 0.24). There were no significant between-group differences in the MADRS scores from baseline to endpoint (intention-to-treat analysis). The response/remission rate for tDCS (24%/17%) and VNF (43%/32%) as well as the dropout rate (tDCS/VNF; 6/6) did not differ significantly between groups. In the follow-up, relapse (tDCS/VNF; 1/2) and dropout (tDCS/VNF; 2/3) rates were low and comparable. Limitations: A relatively small sample size and short duration of the antidepressant treatment; no placebo arm. Conclusion: Overall, this study found a similar efficacy of tDCS and VNF in the acute treatment of depression and prevention of early relapse. The real clinical usefulness of tDCS and its optimal parameters in the treatment of depression should be further validated.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in stroke rehabilitation: review of the current evidence and pitfalls$$$ Acute brain ischemia causes changes in several neural networks and related cortico-subcortical excitability, both in the affected area and in the apparently spared contralateral hemisphere. The modulation of these processes through modern techniques of noninvasive brain stimulation, namely repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), has been proposed as a viable intervention that could promote post-stroke clinical recovery and functional independence. This review provides a comprehensive summary of the current evidence from the literature on the efficacy of rTMS applied to different clinical and rehabilitative aspects of stroke patients. A total of 32 meta-analyses published until July 2019 were selected, focusing on the effects on motor function, manual dexterity, walking and balance, spasticity, dysphagia, aphasia, unilateral neglect, depression, and cognitive function after a stroke. Only conventional rTMS protocols were considered in this review, and meta-analyses focusing on theta burst stimulation only were excluded. Overall, both HF-rTMS and LF-rTMS have been shown to be safe and well-tolerated. In addition, the current literature converges on the positive effect of rTMS in the rehabilitation of all clinical manifestations of stroke, except for spasticity and cognitive impairment, where definitive evidence of efficacy cannot be drawn. However, routine use of a specific paradigm of stimulation cannot be recommended yet due to a significant level of heterogeneity of the studies in terms of protocols to be set and outcome measures that have to be used. Future studies need to preliminarily evaluate the most promising protocols before going on to multicenter studies with large cohorts of patients in order to achieve a definitive translation into daily clinical practice.
Rapid anti-depressant relief by ketamine: Exploring a complex mechanism of action$$$ Background: Suicide rates and narcotic overdose have doubled since 2000. At least 30 percent of people with major depression are Treatment-Resistant (TR) and require novel therapeutics. ketamine at low doses has been shown in clinical trials to induce a rapid, short-lived anti-suicide and anti-depressant effect. Objective: To review the potential mechanism of action of ketamines’ alleviation of depressive symptoms from both animal and available human literature. Methods: This is a synthesis of information from papers listed in PUBMED Central. Although not exhaustive, this review highlights the most compelling work in the field related to this remarkable clinical rapid anti-depressant effect. Results: While there have been several theories and with some scientific evidence to date, the conclusion here is that currently, an exact and acceptable mechanism of action (MOA) for ketamines’ rapid anti-depressant effect is not apparent. The MOA of this compound with psychoactive abuse potential at a higher dosage and acute anti-depressive effect in the most resistant patients is unknown. Discussion: Possible MOAs reviewed, include dopamine receptor modulation through epigenetic neuroadaptation via specific D1/D2 antagonism, D1 activation using optogenetic stimulation, and the role of D2/D3 availability in the ketamine therapeutic action. Conclusion: Unraveling MOA could guide the development of other unique Psychoplastogens capable of rapidly promoting structural and functional neural plasticity in cases of TR Major Depressive Episodes (MDE) and unipolar Major Depression Disorder (MDD).
Treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorders (OCD) and obsessive-compulsive-related disorders (OCRD)$$$ The purpose of this article is to present an overview of current knowledge on the treatment of obsessive-compulsive and obsessive-compulsive-related disorders (OCRD – according to DSM-5). The article presents commonly used pharmacological treatments and psychotherapy, as well as surgical and other forms of treatment. According to the analyses that have been made, the variety of responses to the pharmacological treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorders (OCD) depending on the kinds of symptoms is not relevant enough to justify these other forms of treatment. Instead, the choice of medication should be made based on other factors, such as the severity of symptoms and the level of insight into the illness or the symptoms of other disorders co-occurring with the obsessions. These factors are also significant in psychotherapy, but in this case, the dependency between the types of obsessions and compulsions and the therapeutic approach has greater importance. Generally speaking, in OCRD treatment, a tendency to use other forms of treatment can be observed for disorders based mainly on the mechanism of compulsivity or impulsivity. Hopes for a more effective treatment are related to the types of pharmacological treatment and modifications of psychotherapeutic methods based on the development happening in the cognitive behavioral approach.
NMDA receptor antagonists: Repositioning of memantine as a multitargeting agent for Alzheimer's therapy$$$ Alzheimer’s disease (AD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disease that causes problems with memory, thinking, and behavior. Currently, there is no drug that can reduce the pathological events of this degenerative disease but symptomatic relief is possible that can abate the disease condition. N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptors exert a critical role for synaptic plasticity as well as transmission. Overstimulation of glutamate receptors, predominantly NMDA type, may cause excitotoxic effects on neurons and is recommended as a mechanism for neurodegeneration. Atypical activation of the NMDA receptor has been suggested for AD by synaptic dysfunction. NMDA receptor antagonists especially memantine block the NMDA receptor and can reduce the influx of calcium (Ca2+) ions into neuron, thus, toxic intracellular events are not activated. This review represents the role of NMDA receptors antagonists as potential therapeutic agents to reduce AD. Moreover, this review highlights the repositioning of memantine as a potential novel therapeutic multitargeting agent for AD.
Effects of celecoxib on electroconvulsive therapy-induced cognitive impairment in patients with major depressive disorder: A pilot, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Cognitive impairment, an important side effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), may be related to the release of prostaglandins in the brain. Cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2), constitutively expressed in the CNS, has a functional role in glutamate-mediated learning and memory. The goal of this pilot, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial was to evaluate the effects of the selective COX-2 inhibitor celecoxib on the adverse cognitive effects of ECT. Twenty patients diagnosed with the major depressive disorder for which ECT was indicated as a treatment for their current episode randomly received either celecoxib (200 mg orally twice a day, a total dose of 400 mg/day) or placebo. All patients underwent the same protocol for anesthesia and ECT procedures. The patients received celecoxib or the placebo for the whole period of ECT treatment, starting the day before ECT and continuing until the sixth (last) session of ECT. The Wechsler Mental Scale-III (WMS-III), the Mini-Mental Scale Examination (MMSE), and Stroop Color test were used to assess cognition before the first session and after the first, third and sixth sessions of ECT. Hamilton rating scale for depression was also used for the assessment of depression before and after the trial. Our data showed that celecoxib group did not have significant improvement in cognition based on WMS-III or MMSE scores. There was an improvement in the Stroop Color test but not statistically significant. Our results demonstrated that although celecoxib was well tolerated in patients undergoing ECT, it did not improve related cognitive impairment. Clinical trial registration number: IRCT201201247202N2. CNS, central nervous system; COX-2, Cyclooxygenase-2; DSM-IV-TR, Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders Fourth Edition Text Revision; ECT, electroconvulsive therapy; ECS, electroconvulsive shocks; HAM-D, Hamilton rating scale for depression; LTP, long term potentiation; MDD, major depressive disorder; MMSE, Mini-Mental State Examination; NSAIDs, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs; WMS-III, Wechsler Memory Scale-III.
Target determination for transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with a pharmacotherapy-resistant depressive episode based on the individual parameters of resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging (a pilot blind controlled trial)$$$ High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the treatment of pharmacotherapy-resistant depressive disorders (DD). Individual target determination for stimulation can be one of the approaches that can increase the efficiency of the technique. Objective: to compare of the effectiveness and tolerability of standard and personalized rTMS protocols. Patients and methods. The investigation enrolled 30 patients with pharmacotherapy-resistant DD who were pseudo-randomized into two groups matched for age, gender, and episode severity. In the study group, the target was located at a point within the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) with maximum negative functional connectivity of the subgenual cingulate cortex. In the control group, the stimulation point was 5 cm anterior to the primary motor cortex (hand area). All the patients underwent 20 sessions of high-frequency rTMS DLPFC. For clinical evaluation, the investigators used the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the 36-item Short Form Health Survey (SF-36) questionnaire before and after 10 and 20 rTMS sessions, respectively. Tolerability was assessed using the standardized questionnaires during and within 24 hours after each session. Results and discussion. The study group showed a significant reduction in BDI scores and an increase in the SF-36 (“Mental Health” section) scores after both 10 and 20 rTMS sessions; the control group had those only after 20 sessions. The two groups exhibited no significant differences in the reduction of BDI scores before and after 10 and 20 sessions, respectively. The investigation can be considered to be pilot in searching for algorithms to enhance the efficiency of rTMS DLPFC in pharmacotherapy-resistant depression using the algorithm for personification of target selection. It demonstrated the more rapid onset of a clinical effect in the study group patients. No serious adverse events were reported. The patients had dizziness, headache, and contraction of the facial muscles during the session; headache and mood changes within 24 hours after it. Conclusion. In both groups, rTMS was satisfactorily tolerated and effective; however, personalized target selection accelerated the onset of a clinical effect.
Effect of Prefrontal Cortex Stimulation on Regulation of Amygdala Response to Threat in Individuals with Trait Anxiety: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Importance: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is under clinical investigation as a treatment for major depressive disorder. However, the mechanisms of action are unclear, and there is a lack of neuroimaging evidence, particularly among individuals with affective dysfunction. Furthermore, there is no direct causal evidence among humans that the prefrontal-amygdala circuit functions as described in animal models (ie, that increasing activity in prefrontal cortical control regions inhibits amygdala response to threat). Objective: To determine whether stimulation of the prefrontal cortex reduces amygdala threat reactivity in individuals with trait anxiety. Design, Setting, and Participants: This community-based randomized clinical trial used a double-blind, within-participants design (2 imaging sessions per participant). Eighteen women with high trait anxiety (age range, 18-42 years) who scored greater than 45 on the trait measure of State-Trait Anxiety Inventory were randomized to receive active or sham tDCS of the DLPFC during the first session and the other intervention during the next session. Each intervention was followed immediately by a functional imaging scan during which participants performed an attentional task requiring them to ignore threatening face distractors. Data were collected from May 7 to October 6, 2015. Main Outcomes and Measures: Amygdala threat response, measured with functional magnetic resonance imaging. Results: Data from 16 female participants (mean age, 23 years; range, 18-42 years), with 8 in each group, were analyzed. Compared with sham stimulation, active DLPFC stimulation significantly reduced bilateral amygdala threat reactivity (z = 3.30, P =.04) and simultaneously increased activity in cortical regions associated with attentional control (z = 3.28, P <.001). In confirmatory behavioral analyses, there was a mean improvement in task accuracy of 12.2% (95% CI, 0.30%-24.0%; mean [SD] difference in number of correct answers, 2.2 [4.5]; t15 = 1.94, P =.04) after active DLPFC stimulation. Conclusions and Relevance: These results reveal a causal role for prefrontal regulation of amygdala function in attentional capture by threat in individuals with high trait anxiety. The finding that prefrontal stimulation acutely increases attentional control signals and reduces amygdala threat reactivity may indicate a neurocognitive mechanism that could contribute to tDCS treatment effects in affective disorders.
Indian guidelines on neurosurgical interventions in psychiatric disorders$$$ Neurosurgery for psychiatric disorders (NPD) has been practiced for >80 years. However, the interests have waxed and waned, from 1000s of surgeries in 1940-1950s to handful of surgery in 60-80s. This changed with the application of deep brain stimulation surgery, a surgery, considered to be 'reversible' there has been a resurgence in interest. The Indian society for stereotactic and functional neurosurgery (ISSFN) and the world society for stereotactic and functional neurosurgery took the note of the past experiences and decided to form the guidelines for NPD. In 2011, an international task force was formed to develop the guidelines, which got published in 2013. In 2018, eminent psychiatrists from India, functional neurosurgeon representing The Neuromodulation Society and ISSFN came-together to deliberate on the current status, need, and legal aspects of NPD. In May 2018, Mental Health Act also came in to force in India, which had laid down the requirements to be fulfilled for NPD. In light of this after taking inputs from all stakeholders and review of the literature, the group has proposed the guidelines for NPD that can help to steer these surgery and its progress in India.
Noninvasive brain stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a complex neuropsychiatric disorder with a chronic course, contributing to significant socio-occupational dysfunction. Forty percent of patients remain treatment refractive despite mainstream treatment options such as serotonin-reuptake inhibitors and cognitive behavior therapy. Noninvasive brain stimulation approaches such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have piqued interest as add-on treatment options in OCD. This review focuses on summarizing the TMS and tDCS studies in OCD with respect to their study design and stimulation parameters and key findings. We also briefly discuss the limitations and future directions noninvasive brain stimulation in OCD.
The Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program: An Update on Unipolar Nonpsychotic Depression$$$ Background The Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program presents evidence-based recommendations considering efficacy, tolerability, safety, and cost. Two previous algorithms for unipolar nonpsychotic depression were published in 1993 and 1998. New studies over the last 20 years suggest that another update is needed. Methods The references reviewed for the previous algorithms were reevaluated, and a new literature search was conducted to identify studies that would either support or alter the previous recommendations. Other guidelines and algorithms were consulted. We considered exceptions to the main algorithm, as for pregnant women and patients with anxious distress, mixed features, or common medical and psychiatric comorbidities. Summary For inpatients with severe melancholic depression and acute safety concerns, electroconvulsive therapy (or ketamine if ECT refused or ineffective) may be the first-line treatment. In the absence of an urgent indication, we recommend trialing venlafaxine, mirtazapine, or a tricyclic antidepressant. These may be augmented if necessary with lithium or T3 (triiodothyronine). For inpatients with non-melancholic depression and most depressed outpatients, sertraline, escitalopram, and bupropion are reasonable first choices. If no response, the prescriber (in collaboration with the patient) has many choices for the second trial in this algorithm because there is no clear preference based on evidence, and there are many individual patient considerations to take into account. If no response to the second medication trial, the patient is considered to have a medication treatment-resistant depression. If the patient meets criteria for the atypical features specifier, a monoamine oxidase inhibitor could be considered. If not, reconsider (for the third trial) some of the same options suggested for the second trial. Some other choices can also considered at this stage. If the patient has comorbidities such as chronic pain, obsessive-compulsive disorder, attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, or posttraumatic stress disorder, the depression could be secondary; evidence-based treatments for those disorders would then be recommended.
ANCIPS 2019 Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 706 papers. The topics discussed include: brief interventions in medically unexplained symptoms (MUS): principles and practical applications; autism in the elderly: the importance of recognition and appropriate interventions; emotion focused therapy: an orientation for practice in India; a workshop on community psychiatry in India and United Kingdom - a Trichy (India) and Kent (UK) experience; psychiatric disorders presenting with gastrointestinal symptoms; cancer and emotional health- personal observations; assessment of the impact of disability on quality of life and coping in patients suffering from allergic rhinosinusitis; polysomnographic predictors of response to milnacipran in depression; randomized control trial to evaluate the role of dexmedetomidine premedication ketamine-propofol combination on seizure time, hemodynamic responses and patient's satisfaction in electroconvulsive therapy; and a study on prevalence of enabling among wives and mothers of adult male alcoholics.
Antidepressant effects of Ketamine and ECT: A Pilot Comparison$$$ Objective: To compare the acute antidepressant effects and cognitive dysfunction between intravenous ketamine infusion and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with severe depression. Methodology: Twenty-six consenting subjects with severe bipolar/ unipolar depression were randomized to receive either ECT (n=13) or intravenous infusions of ketamine hydrochloride (0.5 mg/kg over 45 min, diluted in normal saline) (n=12) for six alternate-day sessions. Blinded assessments were done using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and B4ECTReCoDe (for cognitive functions) at baseline and after twenty-four hours of each session of intervention. Results: Intent-to-treat analysis showed that patients in the ECT group had greater reduction in HAM-D scores as compared to the ketamine group (time∗Group ineraction F1,21= 5.85, p= 0.025). 8/12 patients in the ketamine group and 13/13 in ECT group (p- .039) satisfied the criteria for response (≥50% decrease in HAM-D score), while 6/12 in ketamine group and in 12/13 in ECT group (p- .030) achieved remission (HDRS score <8). Patients in the ECT group achieved response (log tank= 9.09, p= 0.003) and remission (log rank= 7.72, p= 0.005) faster compared to the ketamine group. Patients on ketamine had significant improvement in B4ECTReCoDe scores compared to baseline (p- 0.028), while no significant difference was observed in the ECT group (p- 0.285). Discussion: While both ECT and ketamine were found to be helpful in decreasing depressive symptoms, patients in the ECT group responded faster and had increased responder/remission rates. However, there was some evidence to suggest that low-dose ketamine may have cognitive benefits. Conclusion: ECT was superior to low dose ketamine infusion for acute treatment of depression. Nevertheless, ketamine was also helpful in majority of patients treated. The results have to be corroborated in studies with large sample size.
Randomised control trial to evaluate the role of Dexmedetomidine premedication & Ketamine-Propofol combination on seizure time, hemodynamic responses and patient's satisfaction in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction : Electroconvulsive Therapy is associated with hyper dynamic response which can lead to cardiac dysrhythmias, myocardial ischemia or infarction. Dexmedetomidine is alpha2 agonist with anxiolytic, sedative, sympatholytic and analgesic effects which can attenuate the hyperdynamic response and also reduce post ictal agitation in patients. Aim and objective: The aim of this study is to compare the effect of Dexmedetomidine on agitation, satisfaction, seizure duration, and patients hemodynamic after ECT. Methods: 200 patients were randomly allocated into 2 groups of 100 each (n=100). Patients in group I received Dexmedetomidine(0.5μg/ kg) infusion premedication with Ketamine-Propofol (10mg/kg each, 1:1 combination) and in group II - normal saline infusion prior to Ketamine-Propofol (10mg/kg each 1:1). Patients undergo ECT using Ketamine-Propofol according to randomly allocated groups and pre and post ECT agitation and depression scores were calculated and compared. Results: Out of 80 cases (group I- 40, group II- 40), best results regarding hemodynamic stability (Mean pulse rate p value 0.0001, Mean Arterial Pressure p value 0.0001), effective seizure duration (p value 0.0001) and patients satisfaction score (p value 0.00224) were achieved in group I which is significant. Conclusion: Dexmedetomidine was effective on satisfaction of patients who were candidate for ECT. Our study shows better outcome in haemodynamic, effective seizure duration and patients' satisfaction. More research on both biological and clinical predictors is needed to further evaluate the position of Dexmedetomidine infusion before ECT in treatment protocols.
Antidepressant effects of Ketamine and ECT: A pilot comparison$$$ Objective: To compare the acute antidepressant effects and cognitive dysfunction between intravenous ketamine infusion and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with severe depression. Methodology: Twenty-six consenting subjects with severe bipolar/ unipolar depression were randomized to receive either ECT (n=13) or intravenous infusions of ketamine hydrochloride (0.5 mg/kg over 45 min, diluted in normal saline) (n=12) for six alternate-day sessions. Blinded assessments were done using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and B4ECTReCoDe (for cognitive functions) at baseline and after twenty-four hours of each session of intervention. Results: Intent-to-treat analysis showed that patients in the ECT group had greater reduction in HAM-D scores as compared to the ketamine group (time∗Group ineraction F1,21= 5.85, p= 0.025). 8/12 patients in the ketamine group and 13/13 in ECT group (p- .039) satisfied the criteria for response (≥50% decrease in HAM-D score), while 6/12 in ketamine group and in 12/13 in ECT group (p- .030) achieved remission (HDRS score <8). Patients in the ECT group achieved response (log tank= 9.09, p= 0.003) and remission (log rank= 7.72, p= 0.005) faster compared to the ketamine group. Patients on ketamine had significant improvement in B4ECTReCoDe scores compared to baseline (p- 0.028), while no significant difference was observed in the ECT group (p- 0.285). Discussion: While both ECT and ketamine were found to be helpful in decreasing depressive symptoms, patients in the ECT group responded faster and had increased responder/remission rates. However, there was some evidence to suggest that low-dose ketamine may have cognitive benefits. Conclusion: ECT was superior to low dose ketamine infusion for acute treatment of depression. Nevertheless, ketamine was also helpful in majority of patients treated. The results have to be corroborated in studies with large sample size.
Assessing neuroplasticity in children with schizophrenia with theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation: A randomized crossover controlled study$$$ Introduction Compromised neuroplasticity as result of altered brain activity has been found in children with schizophrenia, which can be assessed using Theta Burst Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) by keeping known fact that Continuous theta burst (cTBS) and Intermittent theta burst (iTBS) has long term depression (LTD) and long term potentiation (LTP) like cortical activity. Aim This study was designed to evaluate neuroplasticity effect of TBS on motor cortex in Children with schizophrenia and normal controls. Methodology It was randomised crossover controlled hospital based study. Subjects included children with schizophrenia (n=20) and normal controls (n=20) who were randomized to receive either cTBS or iTBS after evaluation of Resting motor threshold (RMT), Activated motor Threshold (AMT), Motor evoked potentials (MEP) and subsequently subjects were crossovered to other type of Stimulation after 1 week. After each TBS sessions, MEPs are recorded at predetermined time intervals for 120 minutes. In cTBS, bursts of 3 pulses at 50 Hz at frequency of 5Hz for 40seconds and in iTBS 20cycles for 2 seconds periods of TBS were applied. The duration of suppression or facilitation of MEPs was indexed by time for MEP amplitudes to return to baseline values was considered. Result RMT and TBS power was higher in cases and produced comparatively lesser amplitude MEP waves than normal controls. There was LTP and LTD like activity of the MEPs following iTBS and cTBS respectively and crossover effect was not much significant in both cases and controls. Cases needed more time for MEPs to reach baseline after TBS sessions when compare to controls indicating compromised neuroplasticity. Conclusion This study concludes that children with schizophrenia had compromised brain plasticity when compared to normal controls, which can be modified to some extent using TBS.
“effects of electrode placement on symptoms, memory and sustainment of results after electroconvulsive therapy: A comparative study”$$$ Introduction: Few treatments in modern day clinical practice are as old as Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT). The cognitive side effects, both memory and non-memory related, rank among the strongest reasons for hostility against ECT. Although there are reassuring reports indicating the benign nature of the side effects, these criticisms have remained on the centre stage since the introduction of ECT. Various meta-analyses have also been conducted to compare the effects of unilateral and bilateral ECT. But most of these studies have been conducted on the patients having depression. So, to see the effects of UL and BL ECT on symptoms and memory in psychotic patients, and whether the effects are consistent after stopping ECT, this study was conceptualized. Materials and Methods: 100 patients having any psychotic illness who were given ECT were recruited for the study. They were randomized into either Right Unilateral (RUL) or Bilateral (BL) group. CPRS, CGI-S, MMSE and PGI-MS were applied before ECT, after 4 sessions of ECT and 2 weeks after last session of ECT. Statistical analysis was done using SPSS 25. Results: The results showed similar symptomatic improvement in patients receiving RUL and BL-ECT and the results persisted beyond the therapy sessions. But, in case of RUL-ECT, the cognitive side-effects and deterioration in memory functions were lesser as compared to BLECT. In the subsequent 2 weeks after ECT, both the groups showed significant improvement in cognitive side-effects. In this respect also, the patients receiving RUL-ECT performed better and the improvement in memory functions was better. Conclusion: The study pointed towards a favourable outcome in case of therapeutic response with ECT without any significant difference between both the placements. After stopping the therapy, the symptoms didn't show relapse and the improvement appeared to be stable over time. Although there was a side-effect of cognitive impairment, but it appeared to be for a short duration and it improved with time. The sideeffect profile of Right Unilateral placement was lower as compared to Bilateral placement. In the post-ECT period also, the patients receiving Right Unilateral placement showed better improvement in memory functions.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults: systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Objective To estimate the comparative clinical efficacy and acceptability of non-surgical brain stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes in adults. Design Systematic review with pairwise and network meta-analysis. Data sources Electronic search of Embase, PubMed/Medline, and PsycINFO up to 8 May 2018, supplemented by manual searches of bibliographies of several reviews (published between 2009 and 2018) and included trials. Eligibility criteria for selecting studies Clinical trials with random allocation to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (repetitive (rTMS), accelerated, priming, deep, and synchronised), theta burst stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), or sham therapy. Main outcome measures Primary outcomes were response (efficacy) and all cause discontinuation (discontinuation of treatment for any reason) (acceptability), presented as odds ratios with 95% confidence intervals. Remission and continuous depression severity scores after treatment were also examined. Results 113 trials (262 treatment arms) that randomised 6750 patients (mean age 47.9 years; 59% women) with major depressive disorder or bipolar depression met the inclusion criteria. The most studied treatment comparisons were high frequency left rTMS and tDCS versus sham therapy, whereas recent treatments remain understudied. The quality of the evidence was typically of low or unclear risk of bias (94 out of 113 trials, 83%) and the precision of summary estimates for treatment effect varied considerably. In network meta-analysis, 10 out of 18 treatment strategies were associated with higher response compared with sham therapy: bitemporal ECT (summary odds ratio 8.91, 95% confidence interval 2.57 to 30.91), high dose right unilateral ECT (7.27, 1.90 to 27.78), priming transcranial magnetic stimulation (6.02, 2.21 to 16.38), magnetic seizure therapy (5.55, 1.06 to 28.99), bilateral rTMS (4.92, 2.93 to 8.25), bilateral theta burst stimulation (4.44, 1.47 to 13.41), low frequency right rTMS (3.65, 2.13 to 6.24), intermittent theta burst stimulation (3.20, 1.45 to 7.08), high frequency left rTMS (3.17, 2.29 to 4.37), and tDCS (2.65, 1.55 to 4.55). Network meta-analytic estimates of active interventions contrasted with another active treatment indicated that bitemporal ECT and high dose right unilateral ECT were associated with increased response. All treatment strategies were at least as acceptable as sham therapy. Conclusions These findings provide evidence for the consideration of non-surgical brain stimulation techniques as alternative or add-on treatments for adults with major depressive episodes. These findings also highlight important research priorities in the specialty of brain stimulation, such as the need for further well designed randomised controlled trials comparing novel treatments, and sham controlled trials investigating magnetic seizure therapy.
Antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over prefrontal cortex of Parkinson's disease patients with depression: A meta-analysis$$$ Objective: The purpose of this meta-analysis was to investigate the antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the prefrontal cortex (PFC) of patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) and to determine the optimal rTMS parameters, such as the intensity, frequency and the delivered pattern of rTMS stimulation. Methods: EMBASE, PubMed, Web of Science, MEDLINE, and Cochrane data bases were researched for papers published before March 12, 2018. Studies investigating the anti-depression effects of rTMS over PFC in patients with PD were considered. The main outcomes of pre- and post-rTMS treatment as well as score changes were all extracted. The mean effect size was estimated by calculating the standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence interval (CI) by using fixed or random effect models as appropriate. Results: Nine studies containing 137 PD patients with depression were included. The pooled results showed significant pre-post anti-depressive effects of rTMS over PFC in PD patients with depression (SMD = −0.80, P < 0.00001). The subgroup analyses of stimulation intensity, frequencies, and models also revealed significant effects (Intensities: 90% RMT: SMD = −1.16, P = 0.0006; >100% RMT: SMD = −0.82, P < 0.0001. Frequencies: < 1.0 Hz: SMD = −0.83, P = 0.03; 5.0 Hz: SMD = −1.10, P < 0.0001; ≥10.0 Hz: SMD = −0.55, P = 0.02. Models: Continuous: SMD = −0.79, P < 0.0001; Discontinuous: SMD = −0.84, P = 0.02). But the results of the studies with place-controlled designs were not significant (Overall: SMD = −0.27, P = 0.54. Intensities: 90% RMT: SMD = 0.27, P = 0.68; 100% RMT: SMD = −0.32, P = 0.33. Frequencies: 5.0 Hz: SMD = −0.87, P = 0.10; ≥10.0 Hz: SMD = 0.27, P = 0.66. Models: Continuous: SMD = −0.28, P = 0.68; Discontinuous: SMD = −0.32, P = 0.33). The greater effect sizes of rTMS with 90% RMT, 5.0 Hz in discontinuous days can be observed rather than the other parameters in both kinds of analyses across study design. Conclusions: rTMS may have a significant positive pre-post anti-depressive effect over PFC on patients with depression, especially by using 5.0 Hz frequency with 90% RMT intensity in discontinuous days, which may produce better effects than other parameters. The real effect, though, was not different from that of the placebo. Future studies with larger sample sizes and high-quality studies are needed to further corroborate our results and to identify the optimal rTMS protocols.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in youth with treatment resistant major depression$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is common in youth and treatment options are limited. We evaluated the effectiveness and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in adolescents and transitional aged youth with treatment resistant MDD. Methods: Thirty-two outpatients with moderate to severe, treatment-resistant MDD, aged 13–21 years underwent a three-week, open-label, single center trial of rTMS (ClinicalTrials.gov identifier NCT01731678). rTMS was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using neuronavigation and administered for 15 consecutive week days (120% rest motor threshold; 40 pulses over 4 s [10 Hz]; inter-train interval, 26 s; 75 trains; 3,000 pulses). The primary outcome measure was change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (Ham-D). Treatment response was defined as a >50% reduction in Ham-D scores. Safety and tolerability were also examined. Results: rTMS was effective in reducing MDD symptom severity (t = 8.94, df = 31, p < 0.00001). We observed 18 (56%) responders (≥ 50% reduction in Ham-D score) and 14 non-responders to rTMS. Fourteen subjects (44%) achieved remission (Ham-D score ≤ 7 post-rTMS). There were no serious adverse events (i.e., seizures). Mild to moderate, self-limiting headaches (19%) and mild neck pain (16%) were reported. Participants ranked rTMS as highly tolerable. The retention rate was 91% and compliance rate (completing all study events) was 99%. Conclusions: Our single center, open trial suggests that rTMS is a safe and effective treatment for youth with treatment resistant MDD. Larger randomized controlled trials are needed.
Management of Late-Life Depression$$$ Depression is a common disorder in late life that is associated with poor quality of life, increased disability, and increased all-cause mortality. Rates of completed suicide are the highest in older depressed men compared with any other age group. In this age group, depression is often concurrent with medical illness and it can aggravate the course of medical illness. Cognitive impairment is frequently present and may be the result of the depression itself or may be the consequence of a neurodegenerative disorder such as Alzheimer’s disease. Evidence-based psychotherapies, antidepressants, and somatic treatments such as electroconvulsive therapy are employed in the treatment of older depressed adults. Treatment may be complicated by the presence of cognitive impairment, other comorbid medical disorders, and medications used to treat these disorders. Certain safety issues such as increased bleeding risk, hyponatremia, decreased bone density and falls may be associated with antidepressant treatment, may be more common in older depressed adults, and their consequences may be more severe in late life. These risks, however, need to be weighed against the hazards of untreated depression. With appropriate care, most older depressed patients can be successfully treated and a positive outcome can have a significant effect on the patient’s quality of life.
Use of gabapentin in the treatment of substance use and psychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ Objective: Gabapentin (GBP) is an anticonvulsant medication that is also used to treat restless legs syndrome (RLS) and posttherapeutic neuralgia. GBP is commonly prescribed off-label for psychiatric disorders despite the lack of strong evidence. However, there is growing evidence that GBP may be effective and clinically beneficial in both psychiatric disorders and substance use disorders. This review aimed to perform a systematic analysis of peer-reviewed published literature on the efficacy of GBP in the treatment of psychiatric disorders and substance use disorders. Methods: This review was performed according to the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses (PRISMA) guidelines. The PubMed and Ovid MEDLINE literature databases were screened and filtered by using specific search terms and inclusion/exclusion criteria. The full texts of selected studies were subsequently retrieved and reviewed. The search terms generated 2,604 results from the databases. After excluding all duplicates, 1,088 citations were left. Thereafter, we applied inclusion and exclusion criteria; a total of 54 papers were retained for detailed review. Results: This literature review concludes that GBP appears to be effective in the treatment of various forms of anxiety disorders. It shows some effectiveness in bipolar disorder as an adjunctive therapeutic agent, while the evidence for monotherapy is inconclusive. In substance use disorders, GBP is effective for acute alcohol withdrawal syndrome (AWS) with mild to moderate severity; it reduces cravings, improves the rate of abstinence, and delays return to heavy drinking. GBP may have some therapeutic potential in the treatment of opioid addiction and cannabis dependence, but there is limited evidence to support its use. No significant benefit of GBP has been conclusively observed in the treatment of OCD, PTSD, depression, or cocaine and amphetamine abuse. Conclusion: GBP appears to be effective in some forms of anxiety disorders such as preoperative anxiety, anxiety in breast cancer survivors, and social phobia. GBP has shown to be safe and effective in the treatment of alcohol dependence. However, the literature suggests that GBP is effective as an adjunctive medication rather than a monotherapy. More clinical trials with larger patient populations are needed to support gabapentin's off-label use in psychiatric disorders and substance use disorders. It is worth noting that numerous clinical studies that are discussed in this review are open-label trials, which are inherently less rigorously analyzed. Therefore, more extensive investigations are required to examine not only the efficacy of GBP, but also its safety and tolerance.
Low-frequency pulsed magnetic field improves depression-like behaviors and cognitive impairments in depressive rats mainly via modulating synaptic function$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has shown great promise as a medical treatment of depression. The effectiveness of TMS treatment at high frequency has been well investigated; however, low-frequency TMS in depression treatment has rarely been investigated in depression-induced cognitive deficits. Herein, this study was carried out to assess the possible modulatory role of low-frequency pulsed magnetic field (LFPMF) on reversing cognitive impairment in a model of depression induced by chronic unpredictable stress (CUS). Wistar rats were randomly allocated into four groups as follows: a control group (CON), a control applied with LFPMF (CON + LFPMF), a CUS group, and a CUS treated with LFPMF (CUS + LFPMF) group. During 8 weeks of CUS, compared to those in the CON group, animals not only gained less weight but also exhibited anhedonia, anxiety, and cognitive decline in behavioral tests. After 2-week treatment of LFPMF, a 20 mT, 1 Hz magnetic stimulation, it reversed the impairment of spatial cognition as well as hippocampal synaptic function including long-term potentiation and related protein expression. Thus, LFPMF has shown effectively improvements on depressant behavior and cognitive dysfunction in CUS rats, possibly via regulating synaptic function.
A Non-inferiority Framework for Cost-Effectiveness Analysis$$$ Background Traditional decision rules have limitations when a new technology is less effective and less costly than a comparator. We propose a new probabilistic decision framework to examine non-inferiority in effectiveness and net monetary benefit (NMB) simultaneously. We illustrate this framework using the example of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for treatment-resistant depression.Methods We modeled the quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) associated with the new intervention (rTMS), an active control (ECT), and a placebo control, and we estimated the fraction of effectiveness preserved by the new intervention through probabilistic sensitivity analysis (PSA). We then assessed the probability of cost-effectiveness using a traditional cost-effectiveness acceptability curve (CEAC) and our new decision-making framework. In our new framework, we considered the new intervention cost-effective in each simulation of the PSA if it preserved at least 75 percent of the effectiveness of the active control (thus demonstrating non-inferiority) and had a positive NMB at a given willingness-to-pay threshold (WTP).Results rTMS was less effective (i.e., associated with fewer QALYs) and less costly than ECT. The traditional CEAC approach showed that the probabilities of rTMS being cost-effective were 100 percent, 39 percent, and 14 percent at WTPs of $0, $50,000, and $100,000 per QALY gained, respectively. In the new decision framework, the probabilities of rTMS being cost-effective were reduced to 23 percent, 21 percent, and 13 percent at WTPs of $0, $50,000, and $100,000 per QALY, respectively.Conclusions This new framework provides a different perspective for decision making with considerations of both non-inferiority and WTP thresholds.
Hypnotic discontinuation using a blinded (Masked) tapering approach: A case series$$$ Chronic use of hypnotic medications such as benzodiazepines is associated with adverse consequences including increased risk of falls. Efforts to help patients discontinue these medications have had varying levels of success. We developed a blinded (masked) tapering protocol to help patients taper off hypnotics. In this blinded protocol, patients consented to a drug taper but agreed to forego knowledge about the specific tapering schedule or the actual dose each night until the end of the taper. Blinded tapering aims to reduce negative expectancies for withdrawal effects that may impair a patient’s successful discontinuation of hypnotics. In preparation for a randomized trial, we tested the feasibility of adding a blinded tapering component to current best evidence practice [supervised hypnotic taper combined with cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia (CBTI)] in 5 adult patients recruited from an outpatient mental health practice in Oregon. A compounding pharmacy prepared the blinded capsules for each patient. During the gradual blinded taper, each participant completed CBTI. Measures collected included feasibility/process (e.g., recruitment barriers), hypnotic use, the Dysfunctional Beliefs and Attitudes about Sleep Scale, Insomnia Severity Index, Epworth Sleepiness Scale, and Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (depressive symptoms). The intervention was feasible, and participants reported high satisfaction with the protocol and willingness to follow the same treatment again. All five participants successfully discontinued their hypnotic medication use post-treatment. Dysfunctional beliefs/attitudes about sleep and insomnia severity improved. Blinded tapering is a promising new method for improving hypnotic discontinuation among patients treated with a combination of hypnotic tapering plus CBTI.
Depression in Parkinson's disease: How best to treat it$$$ Depression in Parkinson's disease (PD) is multi-factorial, it involves response to a chronic disabling disease as well as dysfunction in modulatory neurotransmitter systems such as dopaminergic, serotoninergic and noradrenergic pathways. Management requires recognition, assessment of necessity to treat and choice of the modality for treatment. Treatment involves both pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches. Large randomized control trials in PD patients with depression are scarce. There are several small placebo controlled trials with tricyclic anti-depressants desipramine, amitripyline, nortriptyline; selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors citalopram, paroxetine, sertraline and serotonin/noradrenalin reuptake inhibitor venlafaxine suggesting efficacy. The dopaminergic agonist pramipexole has been tested in a large scale randomized controlled trial and found to be effective. Non-pharmacological approaches include education about coping mechanisms, the most evidence for structured psychotherapy exists for cognitive behavioral therapy. Trans-cranial magnetic stimulation is experimental, in resistant cases electro-convulsive therapy may be considered. The choice of treatment should be based on the age as well as accompanying motor and non-motor symptoms.
Depression in Parkinson's disease: How best to treat it$$$ Depression in Parkinson's disease (PD) is multi-factorial, it involves response to a chronic disabling disease as well as dysfunction in modulatory neurotransmitter systems such as dopaminergic, serotoninergic and noradrenergic pathways. Management requires recognition, assessment of necessity to treat and choice of the modality for treatment. Treatment involves both pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches. Large randomized control trials in PD patients with depression are scarce. There are several small placebo controlled trials with tricyclic anti-depressants desipramine, amitripyline, nortriptyline; selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors citalopram, paroxetine, sertraline and serotonin/noradrenalin reuptake inhibitor venlafaxine suggesting efficacy. The dopaminergic agonist pramipexole has been tested in a large scale randomized controlled trial and found to be effective. Non-pharmacological approaches include education about coping mechanisms, the most evidence for structured psychotherapy exists for cognitive behavioral therapy. Trans-cranial magnetic stimulation is experimental, in resistant cases electro-convulsive therapy may be considered. The choice of treatment should be based on the age as well as accompanying motor and non-motor symptoms.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of a difficult to treat condition, borderline personality disorder$$$ Background: Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is a serious mental disorder characterized by a pervasive pattern of instability in affect regulation and interpersonal relationships, poor self-image and behavioral control, self-injurious behavior, suicidality, and other high-risk behaviors. It is also characterized by a high mortality rate by suicide. Methods: The published literature on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), thetaburst stimulation (TBS), and deep TMS in the treatment of BPD were reviewed. Results: Four clinical studies (2 randomized trials and 2 case studies) with limited sample sizes found that TMS and TBS were safe and potentially effective in the reduction of symptoms of BPD. Conclusions: Given the limited clinical evidence for efficacy on the basis of the results of these studies, future controlled studies involving larger samples and optimal stimulus parameters should be designed to confirm the short-term and long-term safety and efficacy of repetitive TMS and TBS in the treatment of BPD.
ECT-AD study design: A randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy plus usual care versus simulated-ECT plus usual care for the management of treatment-refractory agitation in Alzheimer's dementia$$$ Introduction: Over 90% of individuals with Alzheimer's disease (AD) experience neuropsychiatric symptoms such as agitation, depression and apathy, which increase morbidity and mortality and contribute to caregiver burden. There are no FDA-approved treatments for severe agitation in people with advanced dementia. Psychotropic medications, especially antipsychotics, are widely used off-label to treat agitation in AD even with documented limitations in efficacy and safety concerns. Behavioral management strategies are recommended as first-line treatments for agitation in AD; however, they may be less efficacious for the most severely agitated patients. Therefore, new management strategies for severe agitation in AD refractory to psychopharmacologic and behavioral interventions are timely and warranted. Preliminary open-label data from the ECT-AD group suggests acute electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment is safe and effective in reducing agitation in this population. Based on this prior work, the aim of the present randomized controlled trial is to determine the efficacy and safety of ECT for severe agitation in advanced AD, and examine the durability of the acute treatment effect in an exploratory maintenance naturalistic design. The hypothesis is that ECT with usual care will be more efficacious in reducing severe agitation in AD subjects than simulated ECT (S-ECT) with usual care, and that there will be no difference in tolerability or safety outcomes. Methods: We describe an NIA-funded multi-site, single blind, randomized trial of ECT with usual care (ECT+UC) versus S-ECT with usual care (S-ECT+UC). We plan to enroll 200 inpatients with AD who have severe agitation who have not responded well to prior trials of psychotropic medications. The primary efficacy outcome measure is the Cohen Mansfield Agitation Inventory (CMAI), and the secondary efficacy outcome measures are the Neuropsychiatric Inventory - Clinician Version (NPI-C), Alzheimer's Disease Cooperative Study-Clinical Global Impression of Change Scale (ADCS-CGIC), and Pittsburgh Agitation Scale (PAS). Safety and tolerability will be assessed with the Severe Impairment Battery - 8 item (SIB-8) for cognitive decline, the Confusion Assessment Method (CAM) for development of delirium, and adverse event monitoring. Conclusion: This innovative study will fill a gap in the current clinical practice of treating severe agitation in AD using a rigorous methodological approach thus providing evidence for a new therapeutic application (severe agitation in AD) of a well-studied, established, and safe treatment (ECT). Study findings may demonstrate support for a new therapeutic use of ECT for severe agitation in AD. Successful management of neuropsychiatric symptoms reduces long-term care placement, decreases the risk of mortality, and enhances patient and caregiver quality-of-life. Such an approach has the potential to offer enormous relief to the substantial socioeconomic burden of AD-related behavioral disturbances.
Cost-utility analysis of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in Ontario$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness of rTMS (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) and ECT (electroconvulsive therapy) in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in Ontario. Methods: A cost-utility analysis evaluated the lifetime costs and benefits to society of rTMS and ECT as first-line treatments for TRD using a Markov model. Treatment efficacy and health utility data were extracted and synthesized from randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses evaluating these techniques. Direct costing data were obtained from national and provincial costing databases. Indirect costs were derived from government records. The annual discount rate was 1.5%. Scenario, threshold and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed to test robustness of the results. Results: rTMS dominated ECT in the base case scenario. rTMS patients gained an average of 1.2 additional quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) with lifetime costs that were $76,164 less than ECT. rTMS remained dominant in all sensitivity and scenario analyses, except for one scenario in which the maximum lifetime allowance of rTMS acute phase treatments was reduced to match that of ECT. In this scenario rTMS produced average lifetime cost savings of $40,474 but was marginally less effective than ECT (<0.1 fewer QALYs gained). Conclusion: From a societal perspective utilizing a lifetime horizon, rTMS is a cost-effective first-line treatment option for TRD relative to ECT. The reduced side effect profile and increased patient acceptability of rTMS that allow it to be administered more times than ECT in a patient's lifetime may contribute to its cost-effectiveness.
Consistent Efficacy of Buprenorphine Buccal Film in Opioid-Naive and Opioid-Experienced Patients with Moderate to Severe Chronic Low Back Pain$$$ Purpose Chronic low back pain (CLBP) is a leading cause of disability.1 Acetaminophen and nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs are first-line options;2 however, when patients with moderate to severe CLBP do not achieve adequate pain relief, opioids are considered. Unfortunately, most opioid analgesics have the potential for adverse effects, abuse, and diversion.3 Buprenorphine is a synthetic opioid analgesic classified as a Schedule III controlled substance in the United States. It is a partial μ-opioid receptor agonist, an antagonist at the Δ-opioid and ?-opioid receptors, and a full agonist at the opioid receptor-like 1 receptor.4 There is interest in buprenorphine as an analgesic because it has a lower addiction potential4 and reduced likelihood for respiratory depression5 compared to Schedule II opioids. To improve bioavailability, a buprenorphine buccal film was developed and is approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for use in patients with chronic pain severe enough to require daily, around-the-clock, long-term opioid treatment and for whom alternative treatment options are inadequate.6 Two pivotal phase III clinical trials (Study 307, Clinical Trial ID NCT01675167, and Study 308, Clinical Trial ID NCT01633944) were conducted that established the efficacy and safety profiles of buprenorphine buccal film.7,8 The studies were very similar except that participants in Study 307 were opioid experienced (30 to 160 mg/d morphine sulfate equivalents) and participants in Study 308 were opioid naive. The purpose of the present analysis was to compare results from these studies to better understand the impact of prior opioid experience on the efficacy of buprenorphine buccal film in patients with CLBP. Methods Both clinical trials were multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, enriched-enrollment, randomized-withdrawal studies in patients with moderate to severe CLBP needing around-theclock treatment. The primary efficacy measure was an 11-point numeric rating scale (NRS). For each study, after a 2-week screening period, an 8-week open-label titration period was used to optimize the dosage to a level that provided adequate analgesia (a score ≤4 on the NRS) and was well tolerated. After the titration period, only responders to buprenorphine buccal film (patients with a mean daily pain intensity score ≤4 on the NRS for the last 3 days before randomization and at least 2 points lower than the NRS score at screening) were eligible for randomization. Also, their buprenorphine dose had to be ≥150 μg twice daily and stable for at least 2 weeks and had to have taken no more than one dose per day of rescue acetaminophen during the last 7 days prior to randomization. For the 12-week double-blind treatment phase, patients were randomized 1:1 to twice-daily buprenorphine buccal film or placebo buccal film. Opioid-experienced patients were provided with 5 mg/325 mg hydrocodone/acetaminophen tablets as rescue medication. Opioid-naive patients were provided with 5 mg/325 mg hydrocodone/acetaminophen tablets as rescue medication during the first 2 weeks after randomization, then only acetaminophen thereafter. Both studies evaluated change in NRS scores and the proportions of 30% and 50% responders (patients who experienced a ≥ 30% or ≥50% decrease in NRS score at week 12, respectively). Statistical analyses were carried out in the intent-to-treat population. Analysis of covariance was used to assess change in NRS scores. Response rates were compared using the chi-square test. Results For Study 307 (opioid-experienced patients), a total of 815 patients were enrolled in the open-label titration phase, 511 of whom were randomized (254 received buprenorphine buccal film, 257 received placebo). From baseline (at randomization) to week 12, mean [SD] NRS pain scores increased significantly more for the placebo group (1.92 [1.87]) than for the buprenorphine group (0.88 [1.79]; p < 0.001). In addition, 156 (64.2%) of the buprenorphine patients were 30% responders compared with only 76 (30.6%) of the placebo patients (p < 0.001). Similarly, 96 (39.5%) of the buprenorphine patients were 50% responders compared with only 42 (16.9%) of the placebo patients (p < 0.001).For Study 308 (opioid-naive patients), a total of 752 patients were enrolled in the open-label titration phase, 462 of whom were randomized (229 received buprenorphine buccal film, 232 received placebo). From baseline (at randomization) to week 12, mean [SD] NRS pain scores increased significantly more for the placebo group (1.59 [2.04]) than for the buprenorphine group (0.94 [1.85]; p = 0.0012). In addition, 131 (62.7%) of the buprenorphine patients were 30% responders compared with only 99 (46.9%) of the placebo patients (p = 0.0012). However, 86 (41.1%) of the buprenorphine patients were 50% responders, but 69 (32.7%) ofthe placebo patients were also 50% responders (p = 0.0754).Thus, there was a substantial difference in responder rates for those randomized to placebo depending on previous opioid experience. In the buprenorphine-treated groups, there was not a statistically significant difference in response rates between the opioid-experienced and opioid-naive patients (30% responders, p = 0.7692; 50% responders, p = 0.7731). However, in the placebotreated groups, the response rates were significantly higher in the opioid-naive groups than in the opioid-experienced groups (30% responders, p = 0.0004; 50% responders, p = 0.0001). Conclusions Buprenorphine buccal film was effective and well tolerated for most of the participants in these studies, regardless of opioid use prior to study participation. However, the response rates of patients assigned to placebo differed depending on prior opioid experience. The number of 30% responders in the placebo group was greater in opioid-naive patients than in opioid-experienced patients (46.9% vs. 30.6%; p = 0.0004), as was the percentage of 50% responders in the placebo group (32.7% vs. 16.9%; p = 0.0001). Overall, it appears there was a greater placebo response in the opioid-naive patients, demonstrating that studies using both opioid-naive and opioidexperienced patients may provide a better assessment of efficacy than studies using opioid-naive patients alone.
Electroconvulsive therapy maintenance for major depressive disorder: A report of two cases$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective therapy for remission of depression but 40-60% of patients are suffering from relapses in the period following the acute effect of ECT, even if psychopharmacological treatments are proceeded. Continuation ECT (C-ECT) is a course that begins after the index course and lasts up to 6 months, and is enable to prevent relapse of the depressive episode. Maintenance ECT (M-ECT) is a course that begins after the end of C-ECT and is intended to prevent recurrence of the episode. M-ECT is administered at regular intervals ranging from 1 week to 1 month. In the present paper, our aim is to discuss the individual applications of continuation and maintenance ECT in major depressive disorder. Case presentation: Case 1 is a 76 year-old women had been followed up with depression for 5 years. Despite the efficient dose and duration of antidepressant treatment she did not have any satisfactory benefit. She was admitted to our inpatient clinics with an increase in depressive complaints in the 4 month period after her discharge. She was administered 7 sessions of ECT and a significant benefit was observed. Two months after the end of ECT the severity of depressive symptoms was increased and 7 sessions of ECT was performed again. Six sessions of weekly ECT and subsequently 8 sessions of biweekly ECT was administered. When ECT procedure was switched from weekly to biweekly, her complaints were worsened. So, 7 sessions of index course was performed. ECT intervals were arranged with clinical examination and depression assessment scales. Currently, the patient is being followed-up with M-ECT and psychopharmacotherapy. Case 2is a 39 year-old women who had been followed up with depression. The treatment history revealed that effective doses and duration of antidepressant treatments were administered at the last 4 year of clinical follow-up. The patient was hospitalized with an increase in the severity of depressive complaints. Seven sessions of ECT were performed. A significant benefit was observed and thus it was decided to continue with C-ECT. Weekly ECT for 2 months, biweekly ECT for 2 months and monthly ECT for 8 months was performed consecutively. During M-ECT pharmacologic treatment was continued in the same doses. M-ECT was carried on for 12 months and remission was sustained. Strong evidence for efficacy, reliability and application of M-ECT could not be obtained due to lack of randomized double-blind controlled studies. The standard approaches for determining the indication, application schedule, the duration of procedure, the augmentation of psychotropic medication and how to monitor treatment could not be clearly determined. Determining the assessment scales with clinical response is thought to be an appropriate guide to decide the termination of M-ECT as done in these two cases. It can be claimed that M-ECT is a cost-effective treatment method when individual protocols are identified.
Dynamic thiol/disulphide homeostasis as a novel oxidative stress marker to differentiate bipolar and unipolar depression: A machine learning case study$$$ Introduction: Bipolar depression (BPD) and unipolar depression (UPD) are complex and multifactorial mental disorders characterized by mood swings, disability, and impaired quality of life [1]. Although, there are significant differences in bipolar depression compared to unipolar depression, such as the addition of mood stabilizers to treatment, and the fact that many antidepressants are not preferred as the first option, there are not a biomarker to differentiate the two disorders. Previously, we examined thiol disulphide homeostasis in order to find out whether thiol disulphide would be a trait or a state marker for mania period and remission period in patients with bipolar disorder [2]. In this study, we aimed to compare thiol disulphide balance of bipolar disorder-depressive episode (BPD) and unipolar depression (UPD) with healthy controls to determine whether there are differences in oxidative indicators involved in UPD and BPD. In the literature, machine learning has become an new instrument for providing with predictive analysis for studies in the psychiatry field [3]. Therefore, another objective of our study is applying two different decision tree machine learning algorithms to find out if it is possible to classify these disorders with using data concerning thiol disulphide balance. Methods: All the participants were interviewed by an experienced clinician according to the Structured Clinical Interview for Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fifth version (DSM-5). Healthy control group members, who were between between 18 and 65 years old, showed no evidence of any present or previous psychiatric disease. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) were also used to support the diagnoses of depression (i.e., HAM-D ≥8 or YMRS score <7). Our study was approved by the ethics committee of the Ankara Numune Training and Research Hospital. Each patient and one of their first-degree relatives as well as controls signed a written consent. A 5 cc of venous blood was collected from each participant. Blood cells were separated from serum and the samples were stored at-80°C. Biochemical analyses were performed on these samples. Body Mass Index (BMI) was measured for each patient. Weight and height of the patients were measured. BMI was calculated with kg/m2 formula. The exclusion criteria were antioxidant treatment or vitamin supplementation history for 6 months prior to inclusion, pregnancy, mental retardation, obesity, previous electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) history, history of alcohol or drug dependence or traumatic head injury, any past or present major medical or neurological illness, having any systemic or metabolic disease and any additional psychiatric disorder or mental retardation. Biochemical tests Fasting blood samples were collected from each participant in plain tubes. Serum samples were separated after centrifugation at 1300 g for 10 minutes and stored at-80°C until thiol disulphide homeostasis tests were performed. After the native and total thiols were determined, disulphide amounts, disulphide/total thiol percent ratios (SS/SH+SS), native thiol/total thiol percent ratios (SH/SH+SS), and disulphide/native thiol percent ratios (SS/SH) were calculated (used modified Elman reagents for thiol measurement). Statistical analysis The data was examined by the Shapiro Wilk test whether or not it presents normal distribution. Normally distributed data are presented as means with standard deviation and were compared with a two-sample t test and One-way ANOVA. Non-normally distributed data are presented as medians with minimum and maximum, and were compared using the Mann-Whitney U and Kruskal Wallis tests. Categorical variables were compared using Pearson's chi-squared test and Fisher-Freeman-Halton test. Correlations between variables were tested using Pearson and Spearman correlation coefficients. p < 0.05 was considered as significance levels. Statistical analyses were performed with IBM SPSS ver.23.0 (IBM Corp. Released 2015. IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 23.0. Armonk, NY: IBM Corp.). Predictive analysis The data was analyzed using two decision tree machine learning algorithms implemented in the H2O artificial intelligence platform. Gradient boosting machine (GBM) and distributed random forest (DRF) supervised learning algorithms were used to classify bipolar depression, unipolar depression and control groups considering their data about thiol disulphide homeostasis. Before the analysis the data set was splitted to two as 70% for training set and 30 for validation set. While running the algorithms k-fold cross validation, where k was 5, was also applied in order to randomly validate results across the data set. Results: 37 BPD (23 female, 14 male), 24 UPD (15 female, 9 male) and 50 control patients (30 female 20 male) were included in the study; no significant differences in terms of age and sex were found in the three groups. Average age (mean ± standart deviation) is 38.4 ± 10.7 years for BPD group, 40.6 ± 14.1 years for UPD group and 37.2 ± 9.8 years for the control group. Median HAM-D score is 11/8-40 (median/min-max) for BPD group and 13/8-32 (median/min-max) for UPD group. There is also no significant difference between these groups in terms of HAM-D scores (p=.795). No significant difference was also obtained between BPD and UPD groups regarding smoking (packet-year) (p=.315). There were not any difference between BPD and UPD groups in terms of serum native thiol level (p=.518), serum total thiol level (p=.081), disulphide level (p=.132), disulphide/native thiol ratio (p=.494), disulphide/total thiol ratio (p=.491), native thiol/total thiol ratio (p=.489). In terms of serum disulphide levels, disulphide/native thiol, disulphide/total thiol and native thiol/total thiol ratios, there were statistically significant difference between BPD and control group (respectively p=.015, p=.001, p=.001 and p=<.001). In terms of serum disulphide levels, disulphide/native thiol, disulphide/total thiol and native thiol/total thiol ratios, there were statistically significant difference between UPD and control group. (respectively p=<.001, p=<.001, p=<.001 and p=.001). Native thiol level was statistically significantly lower in BPD group than control group (p=.009). In the predictive analysis part both machine learning algorithms presented at least 70% accuracy in classifying three groups existing in the data set. Both algorithms classified bipolar depression patients with 0.27 error rate. GBM classified unipolar depression patients with 0.12 error rate while DRF classified the same group with 0.25 error rate. Control group was classified by the GBM and DRF algorithms with 0.14 and 0.12 error rates respectively (Figure 1). Discussion: The level of thiol as an antioxidant parameter has been previously examined in a variety of disorders in psychiatry. Most of these studies, however, are aimed at showing the oxidative degradation in these disorders. According to our knowledge, This is the first study to evaluate whether there is a significant difference between BPD and UPD in terms of oxidative stress by evaluating the thiol disulphide homeostasis. In both unipolar depression and bipolar depression groups, disulphide levels were found to be higher and native thiol levels were found to be lower respectively compare to healthy control groups. In our previous study, thiol and native thiol levels were found to be lower in bipolar disorder patients during mania and remission period, while there was no difference between these two groups in terms of disulphide levels compared to healthy controls. This led to the conclusion that the cause of thiol loss may be related to nutrition rather than oxidative damage [2]. In this study, it was found that the native thiol value was low and the disulphide value was high which might be an indication that there is an increase in oxidative stress in patients with bipolar and unipolar depression patients compared to healthy controls. Whereas, there was no significant difference in thiol/disulphide balance between BPD and UPD which may imply that there is a common oxidative damage in both disorders. Machine learning is a fundamental computer science technique that recently applied many areas of science including psychiatry. One of the few studies in the literature was concentrated on prediction of short-term outcome of autism spectrum disorders [3]. In our study, we used supervised machine learning algorithms to classify patients with BPD and UPD according to their thiol/disulphide balance parameters. Use of this method in similar studies may lead formation of a literature which could inspire designing more studies using machine learning. of Further studies with larger data sets might help enhancing the accuracy of machine learning in the field of psychiatry. Limitations of our study are failure to eradicate other oxidative stress related variables such as smoking for control group. We have a small group of participants for this study. Since we could not include the untreated patients in our study, we could not evaluate the effects of the drugs on the patients. This can be stated as another limitation of our study. Detection of oxidative molecules for BPD and UPD can be helpful in reducing morbidity especially in treatment and follow-up periods. Although there is not enough evidence yet, results of our study may imply that thiol and disulphide levels could be oxidative markers for BPD and UPD and also therapeutic targets in terms of future pharmacological trials. However, to better understand the relationship between oxidative stress and BPD and UPD, there is a need for further studies.
Non-pharmacological interventions for chronic pain in multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Chronic pain is common and significantly impacts on the lives of persons with multiple sclerosis (pwMS). Various types of non-pharmacological interventions are widely used, both in hospital and ambulatory/mobility settings to improve pain control in pwMS, but the effectiveness and safety of many non-pharmacological modalities is still unknown. Objectives: This review aimed to investigate the effectiveness and safety of non-pharmacological therapies for the management of chronic pain in pwMS. Specific questions to be addressed by this review include the following. Are non-pharmacological interventions (unidisciplinary and/or multidisciplinary rehabilitation) effective in reducing chronic pain in pwMS? What type of non-pharmacological interventions (unidisciplinary and/or multidisciplinary rehabilitation) are effective (least and most effective) and in what setting, in reducing chronic pain in pwMS? Search methods: A literature search was performed using the specialised register of the Cochrane MS and Rare Diseases of the Central Nervous System Review Group, using the Cochrane MS Group Trials Register which contains CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, LILACUS, Clinical trials.gov and the World Health Organization International Clinical Trials Registry Platform on 10 December 2017. Handsearching of relevant journals and screening of reference lists of relevant studies was carried out. Selection criteria: All published randomised controlled trials (RCTs)and cross-over studies that compared non-pharmacological therapies with a control intervention for managing chronic pain in pwMS were included. Clinical controlled trials (CCTs) were eligible for inclusion. Data collection and analysis: All three review authors independently selected studies, extracted data and assessed the methodological quality of the studies using the Grades of Recommendation, Assessment, Development and Evaluation (GRADE) tool for best-evidence synthesis. Pooling data for meta-analysis was not possible due to methodological, clinical and statistically heterogeneity of the included studies. Main results: Overall, 10 RCTs with 565 participants which investigated different non-pharmacological interventions for the management of chronic pain in MS fulfilled the review inclusion criteria. The non-pharmacological interventions evaluated included: transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS), psychotherapy (telephone self-management, hypnosis and electroencephalogram (EEG) biofeedback), transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS), transcranial direct stimulation (tDCS), hydrotherapy (Ai Chi) and reflexology. There is very low-level evidence for the use of non-pharmacological interventions for chronic pain such as TENS, Ai Chi, tDCS, tRNS, telephone-delivered self-management program, EEG biofeedback and reflexology in pain intensity in pwMS. Although there were improved changes in pain scores and secondary outcomes (such as fatigue, psychological symptoms, spasm in some interventions), these were limited by methodological biases within the studies. Authors' conclusions: Despite the use of a wide range of non-pharmacological interventions for the treatment of chronic pain in pwMS, the evidence for these interventions is still limited or insufficient, or both. More studies with robust methodology and greater numbers of participants are needed to justify the effect of these interventions for the management of chronic pain in pwMS.
Effect of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression and cognition of patients with traumatic brain injury: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: This study was conducted to investigate the effects of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on depression and cognition in patients with traumatic brain injury. Material/Methods: To accomplish this, 13 patients who were diagnosed with traumatic brain injury were divided into an experimental group (n=7) and a control group (n=6). The experimental group received rTMS during a 30-minute session 5 days per week for 2 weeks; the control group received sham rTMS. The patients were then evaluated for depression using the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and for cognitive function using the Trail Making Test (TMT) and the Stroop Color Word Test (SCWT). Results: A significant decrease in MADRS, TMT, and SCWT was observed after the intervention in the experimental group (P<0.01), and there was a significant difference in the change value of MADRS, TMT, and SCWT compared to the control group (P<0.01). Moreover, the effect size for gains in the experimental group and control group was very strong for MADRS, TMT, and SCWT (effect size=1.44, 1.49, and 1.24 respectively). Conclusions: The results of this study suggest that application of low frequency rTMS to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex of patients with traumatic brain injury has a positive effect on depression and cognition.
Improving working memory in schizophrenia: Effects of 1mA and 2mA transcranial direct current stimulation to the left DLPFC$$$ Deficits in various cognitive processes, such as working memory, are characteristic for schizophrenia, lowering patients’ functioning and quality of life. Recent research suggests that transcranial direct stimulation (tDCS) applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) may be a potential therapeutic intervention for cognitive deficits in schizophrenia. Here, we examined the effects of online tDCS to the DLPFC on working memory (WM) performance in 40 schizophrenia patients in two separate experiments with a double blind, sham-controlled, cross-over design. Patients underwent single sessions of active and sham tDCS in a randomized order. Stimulation parameters were anode F3, cathode right deltoid muscle, 21 min tDCS duration, 1 mA tDCS in Experiment 1 (N = 20) and 2 mA tDCS in Experiment 2 (N = 20). Primary outcome was the change in WM performance as measured by a verbal n-back paradigm (1- to 3-back). Irrespective of the stimulation intensity, data analysis showed a significant higher WM accuracy during active tDCS than during sham tDCS (p = 0.019), but no main effect of stimulation intensity (p = 0.392). Subsequent separate analyses revealed a significantly improved WM performance only during 1 mA (p = 0.048). TDCS facilitated WM functioning in schizophrenia, with an advantage of 1 mA over 2 mA. Our results support the notion that tDCS may be a potential treatment for cognitive deficits in schizophrenia and emphasize the need for future research on the specific stimulation parameters.
Ketamine augmentation for major depressive disorder and suicidal ideation: Preliminary experience in an inpatient psychiatry setting$$$ Background: Ketamine is known to rapidly reduce depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation (SI) in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), but evidence is limited for its acceptability and effectiveness in “real-world” settings. This case series examines serial ketamine infusions in reducing SI and depression scores in adults with MDD admitted to a tertiary care hospital. Methods: Five inpatients with MDD and SI admitted to hospital in Toronto, Canada received six infusions of 0.5 mg/kg intravenous (IV) ketamine (n = 5) over approximately 12 days, in addition to treatment-as-usual. Suicide and depression rating scores (Scale for Suicidal Ideation, SSI; Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale, MADRS) were obtained at baseline, on treatment days, on days 14 and 42 (primary endpoint). Results: All patients experienced benefit with ketamine. SSI scores diminished by 84% from 14.0 ± 4.5 at baseline to 2.2 ± 2.5 at study endpoint. MADRS scores diminished by 47% from 42.2 ± 5.3 at baseline to 22.4 ± 8.0. Two patients withdrew from the study, one to initiate electroconvulsive therapy and one due to an adverse event (dissociative effects) during the ketamine infusion. Limitations: The major limitation of this study is the small sample size. Discussion: These preliminary pilot data are promising with a greater than two-fold reduction in SI following ketamine infusions. They demonstrate that six serial ketamine infusions may be safe and feasible. These findings support the need for large scale randomized controlled trials to confirm the efficacy of serial ketamine for treatment of SI in “real-world” settings.
Exploring the effect of adaptogenic Rhodiola Rosea extract on neuroplasticity in humans$$$ Objectives: Rhodiola rosea extract is one of the most common herbal treatment for stress. Its mechanism of action in humans still need to be determined. We investigated the effect of a single dose intake of Rhodiola rosea extract on the plastic after-effects induced by anodal and cathodal motor cortex transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in humans. Methods: Twenty-eight healthy volunteers were required to intake 500 mg of either RRE or placebo. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation was used to investigate cortical excitability. Motor threshold, recruitment of motor-evoked potentials, cortical silent period, short-interval intracortical inhibition and intracortical facilitation were assessed at different time points. Spinal excitability and peripheral nerve conduction were measured by F-response and M-wave. Furthermore, we assessed the modulation of cortical plasticity using transcranial direct current stimulation after-effects on Motor Evoked Potentials amplitudes. Results: Rhodiola rosea extract acute intake prevented cathodal transcranial Direct Current Stimulation-induced Long-term depression-like plasticity. The extract intake did not affect cortical excitability. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that a single oral dose of Rhodiola rosea extract intake modulates cortical plasticity in humans preventing the activity-dependent reduction in the efficacy of neuronal synapses. These results suggest that the adaptogenic and antidepressant effects of Rhodiola rosea extract might be based on its modulation of brain plasticity.
Influence of depressed patients’ expectations prior to electroconvulsive therapy on its effectiveness and tolerability (Exp-ECT): a prospective study$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective therapy for severe depressive disorders. Though there are known clinical predictors of response (e.g., higher age, presence of psychotic symptoms), there is a lack of knowledge concerning the impact of patients’ expectations on treatment outcome and tolerability in terms of possible placebo/nocebo effects. In 31 patients with unipolar or bipolar depressive disorder, we used a questionnaire to investigate the patients’ expectations of ECT effectiveness and tolerability prior to and in the course of the treatment. Additionally, the questionnaire was used after the ECT course for a final assessment. Depressive symptoms and putative side-effects were measured at each time point. General linear models were used to analyze the course of depressive symptoms and patients’ expectation of ECT effectiveness and tolerability. ECT significantly reduced depressive symptoms with large effect sizes. Patients’ rating of ECT effectiveness decreased in parallel: While responders’ rating of ECT effectiveness remained stable on a high level, non-responders’ rating decreased significantly. Group difference was significant after, but not prior to and during the treatment. Regarding tolerability, there was a (temporary) significant increase in the severity of self-rated symptoms such as headache and memory impairment. In contrast, patients’ expectation and assessment of ECT tolerability remained unchanged, and their expectations prior to ECT had no impact on the occurrence of side-effects. These findings contradict the presence of relevant placebo/nocebo effects in the context of ECT when investigating a population of mostly chronic or treatment resistant patients with moderate to severe depressive disorder.
PsychotherapyPlus: augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) with prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in major depressive disorder—study design and methodology of a multicenter double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trial$$$ Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is one of the most prevalent psychiatric disorders worldwide. About 20–30% of patients do not respond to the standard psychopharmacological and/or psychotherapeutic interventions. Mounting evidence from neuroimaging studies in MDD patients reveal altered activation patterns in lateral prefrontal brain areas. Successful cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is associated with a recovery of these neural alterations. Moreover, it has been demonstrated that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is capable of influencing prefrontal cortex activity and cognitive functions such as working memory and emotion regulation. Thus, a clinical trial investigating the effects of an antidepressant intervention combining CBT with tDCS seems promising. The present study investigates the antidepressant efficacy of a combined CBT–tDCS intervention as compared to CBT with sham-tDCS or CBT alone. A total of 192 patients (age range 20–65 years) with MDD (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale Score ≥ 15, 21-item version) will be recruited at four study sites across Germany (Berlin, Munich, Tuebingen, and Freiburg) and randomly assigned to one of the following three treatment arms: (1) CBT + active tDCS; (2) CBT + sham-tDCS; and (3) CBT alone. All participants will attend a 6-week psychotherapeutic intervention comprising 12 sessions of CBT each lasting 100 min in a closed group setting. tDCS will be applied simultaneously with CBT. Active tDCS includes stimulation with an intensity of 2 mA for 30 min with the anode placed over F3 and the cathode over F4 according to the EEG 10–20 system, if assigned. The primary outcome measure is the change in Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale scores from baseline to 6, 18, and 30 weeks after the first session. Participants also undergo pre- and post-treatment neuropsychological testing and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to assess changes in prefrontal functioning and connectivity. The study investigates whether CBT can be augmented by non-invasive brain stimulation techniques such as tDCS in the treatment of MDD. It is designed as a proof-of-principle trial for the combined tDCS–CBT treatment, but also allows the investigation of the neurobiological underpinnings of the interaction between both interventions in MDD. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT02633449.
The Impact of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on Bipolar Depression, Mania, and Euthymia: a Systematic Review of Preliminary Data$$$ The neurobiological basis of bipolar disorders (BD) has received increased attention and several brain regions and brain circuits have been correlated with clinical symptoms. These brain regions and circuits may represent targets for neuromodulation techniques such as transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS). We systematically reviewed the literature to explore the risks and benefits of tDCS in BD and examined all mood states. Following the PRISMA guidelines, a systematic literature search using several databases was performed from April 2002 to June 2017. From the 135 eligible studies, we retained 19 relevant articles for the systematic review, including 170 patients with BD treated by tDCS. Data from 10 studies suggest that tDCS improves depressive symptoms in BD. One case report of add-on-tDCS reported a significant positive response on manic symptoms. In 4 studies, tDCS impacted specific neurocognitive functions in euthymic patients. There is also preliminary evidence that tDCS improves neurological soft signs and sleep quality in euthymia. Side effects were predominantly transient and low-intensity, although 6 cases of hypomanic/manic affective switches have been reported. The majority of studies have been open trials with few patients. More sufficiently powered randomized controlled trials are needed to clarify the effectiveness of tDCS. Preliminary data suggests that tDCS holds promise as a treatment for BD, especially during depressive episodes. Perhaps most promising are emerging data suggesting tDCS may impact neurocognition and sleep quality in euthymia and be useful for relapse prevention.
Episodic Migraine With and Without Aura: Key Differences and Implications for Pathophysiology, Management, and Assessing Risks$$$ Purpose of Review: To review the pathophysiologic, epidemiologic, and clinical evidence for similarities and differences between migraine with and without aura. Recent Findings: The ICHD-3 has recently refined the diagnostic criteria for aura to include positive symptomatology, which better differentiates aura from TIA. Although substantial evidence supports cortical spreading depression as the cause of visual aura, the role (if any) of CSD in headache pain is not well understood. Recent imaging evidence suggests a possible hypothalamic origin for a headache attack, but further research is needed. Migraine with aura is associated with a modest increase in the risk of ischemic stroke. The etiology for this association remains unclear. There is a paucity of evidence regarding treatments specifically aimed at the migraine with aura subtype, or whether migraine with vs without aura responds to treatment differently. Migraine with typical aura is therefore often treated similarly to migraine without aura. Lamotrigine, daily aspirin, and flunarizine have evidence for efficacy in prevention of migraine with aura, and magnesium, ketamine, furosemide, and single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation have evidence for use as acute treatments. Although triptans have traditionally been contraindicated in hemiplegic migraine and migraine with brainstem aura, this prohibition is being reconsidered in the face of evidence suggesting that use may be safe. Summary: The debate as to whether migraine with and without aura are different entities is ongoing. In an era of sophisticated imaging, genetic advancement, and ongoing clinical trials, efforts to answer this question are likely to yield important and clinically meaningful results.
Augmentation Effect of Low-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation over Presupplementary Motor Area in Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Objective The current study investigated the efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation rTMS over bilateral presupplementary motor area pre-SMA in patients suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder OCD with partial/poor response to pharmacotherapy, in a double-blinded randomized sham controlled trial. Method Forty subjects with OCD, who were on stable medications with partial/poor response to pharmacotherapy were randomly divided into 2 groups n = 20 in each group, to receive either active or sham low-frequency rTMS over bilateral pre-SMA. Thirty-six patients were eligible for intent-to-treat analysis. There was no significant difference in relevant demographic and clinical variables between the 2 groups at baseline. Results There were no statistically significant differences between the 2 groups after 3 weeks of treatment in the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale score time∗group interaction, F2.48,84.16 = 0.80, P = 0.40 and other secondary outcome measures including responder rates and depressive and anxiety symptoms. Conclusions Low-frequency rTMS over pre-SMA may not be effective as an augmenting agent in partial/poor responders to SRIs. This study underlines the need to explore alternate rTMS protocols in OCD.
Neurocognitive Effects of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation with a 2-Coil Device in Treatment-Resistant Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background Neurocognitive dysfunction is an understudied and undertreated aspect of psychiatric research and treatment. There is emerging evidence to suggest that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation rTMS may possess neurocognition-enhancing capabilities. Methods This study examined the neurocognitive data from a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial of an investigational 2-coil rTMS device in antidepressant treatment or treatment-intolerant major depressive disorder patients. This device has the potential to stimulate deeper areas of the brain than the Food and Drug Administration-approved TMS devices, which primarily stimulate cortical brain areas and may therefore have different neurocognitive adverse effects. Patients received 20 daily rTMS treatments 10-Hz stimulation; either active or sham with coil centers positioned over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and dorsomedial prefrontal cortex. Neurocognitive safety was evaluated at baseline and within 72 hours of final treatment session with a computerized battery assessing aspects of attention and memory in 84 participants. Results There were no observed negative neurocognitive effects of the 2-coil rTMS device. A significant effect of active rTMS was observed on the quality of episodic memory. There were no observed effects for attention or working memory. Baseline quality of episodic memory predicted depression treatment response and remission, in that lower baseline episodic memory was associated with greater likelihood of depression response/remission. This was observed in logistic regression analyses controlling for treatment and baseline depressive symptoms. Conclusions The 2-coil rTMS device is a cognitively safe treatment for treatment-resistant depression that may possess episodic memory-enhancing capabilities. Furthermore, baseline episodic memory may reflect an important predictor of subsequent depression treatment response/remission to rTMS.
Concomitant Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation with Ultrabrief Electroconvulsive Therapy: A 2-Week Double-Blind Randomized Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Objective The feasibility and effectiveness of concomitant use of transcranial direct current stimulation tDCS with electroconvulsive therapy ECT has not been investigated. The study principally aimed at determining whether tDCS when combined with ECT improved the speed of antidepressant response. Secondarily, the ease of generation of seizures during electroconvulsive therapy and cognitive outcomes were investigated. Methods Consecutive patients referred for ECT to treat major depression were randomized to tDCS with dorsolateral prefrontal electrode placements n = 8 or sham n = 8 used daily and just before thrice weekly, 6 times threshold, right unilateral ultrabrief 0.3 ms pulse width ECT. Change of depression severity was determined using the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale along with cognitive assessments using Montreal Cognitive Assessment and visual memory testing at weeks 1 and 2, which were compared with baseline. Results Change of depression severity from baseline was similar in tDCS and ECT compared with sham tDCS and ECT at week1 mean [standard deviation {SD}] = 16.00 [6.78]; 13.75 [7.83]; P = 0.89 and at week 2 mean [SD] = 23.00 [4.96]; 19.75 [9.85], P = 0.08. No between-group differences were obtained in the cognitive tests at weeks 1 and 2. Combining tDCS with ECT resulted in higher restimulation: 62.5% requiring 3 stimulations to achieve threshold in contrast to 12.5% with sham tDCS and ECT P = 0.04. The mean suprathreshold dose was higher in the tDCS and ECT group compared with sham tDCS and ECT: mean [SD] = 144.0 [43.54] and mean [SD] = 122.4 [20.36], P = 0.04, respectively. Conclusions Concomitant use of tDCS with ultrabrief right unilateral ECT is feasible and safe albeit with higher rates of restimulation when tDCS was combined with ECT. However, there were no statistically significant differences in the speed of antidepressant response or cognitive outcomes at weeks 1 and 2 after the commencement of treatments.
Effects of different transcranial direct current stimulation devices on motor cortical excitability$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation technique in which low-amplitude electric currents are delivered to the brain via specific sites on the scalp. This electric current is purported to alter neuronal resting membrane potential and subsequently modulate cortical excitability. Over time, researchers have found numerous applications for tDCS including treatment of various neurological (eg, stroke, cerebral palsy, etc) and neuropsychiatric (eg, depression, anxiety, etc) disorders. However, a number of researchers have also shown that responses to tDCS are highly variable. It is possible that the differences in devices used in these studies could explain some of the observed variability. Hence, this study aimed at determining the effect of 2 different tDCS devices (Empi Dupel Dual Channel Iontophoresis; Isokentics Inc, AR, USA) and Soterix 1x1 (Soterix Medical, NY, USA) on motor cortical excitability of the quadriceps muscles. Twenty neurologically intact young adults participated in this crossover study. Subjects received anodal tDCS over their dominant leg (preferred kicking leg) motor cortex for 15 minutes on 2 different days that were separated by at least 48 hours. The tDCS devices were interchanged during these testing sessions and the device order was randomized. Motor cortical excitability of the quadriceps muscle was evaluated both before and after the tDCS by measuring the participant's recruitment curve (ie, the relationship between stimulus intensity and the evoked MEP torque) generated by stimulating the quadriceps hotspot at various intensities (70% to 140% of active motor threshold) using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). The recruitment curve was fitted with a Boltzmann sigmoidal function (Levenberg-Marquardt algorithm in LabVIEW) to determine the parameters relating to motor cortical excitability: (1) maximal MEP torque size (MEPmax), (2) curve slope (k), and (3) stimulus intensity leading to half-maximal MEP torque size (S50). The results indicated that there were no changes in MEPmax, slope (k), and S50 before and after tDCS for both tDCS devices (P > .05). These results suggest that variability in tDCS-induced motor cortical excitability changes are not explained by the differences in the tDCS units. The findings of this study have meaningful implications for interventions using tDCS as an adjuvant tool for neurorehabilitation.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation enhances positive changes in movement functions, visual attention and depression of patients with chronic ischemic stroke: A clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Stroke is one of the most serious and debilitating diseases in our society. Stroke survivors can suffer several neurological impairments. They typically show pathological changes in neural functions of brain areas. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can be applied to modify cerebral excitability and has been recently applied in the treatment of neuropsychological and neurological disorders. The aim of the study herein was to evaluate changes in movement and cognitive functions of chronic ischemic stroke patients using anodic and cathodic tDCS. Method: In this clinical trial, 100 patients with chronic ischemic stroke were divided in 4 groups (control, sham, anodic tDCS, and cathodic tDCS; n=25 per group). The patients underwent routine treatment and received the same tDCS protocol (3 times per week of 30-min sessions during one month). Movement and cognitive functions were evaluated using the NIHSS Scale & Trail Making Test and the Beck Test, before and after 1 and 3 months of tDCS sessions. All data were analyzed by 2-way repeated measures ANOVA using SPSS program (version 18). Results: The results showed that there were significant increases (P<0.001) in NIHSS score and Barthel index between anodic group versus control, sham, or cathodic group, at various timepoints (before vs. 1 month after tDCS, 1 month vs. 3 months after tDCS, and before vs. 3 months after tDCS). Furthermore, there were significant decreases (P<0.001) between anodic group versus control, sham, or cathodic group, at the various timepoints (before vs. 1 month after tDCS, 1 month vs. 3 months after tDCS, and before vs. 3 months after tDCS). Conclusion: Anodic tDCS has advantageous effects on movement and cognitive rehabilitation in stroke patients, but future studies are needed to further discern the differences and develop precise treatment protocols.
Non -pharmacological approaches for headaches in young age: An updated review$$$ Headache disorders are common in children and adolescents. Most of the studies on non-pharmacological treatments have however been carried out on adults. In this review we provide information on recent studies examining non-pharmacological approaches for managing headache in children and adolescents. Our search of SCOPUS for primary studies conducted between January 2010 and July 2018 uncovered 11 controlled studies, mostly addressing behavioral approaches, in which a total of 613 patients with a diagnosis of primary headache, and average age 10.2-15.7 years (30-89% females) were recruited. Non-pharmacological treatments were shown to produce sizeable effects on the classical primary endpoint, i.e., headache frequency, with reductions from baseline ranging between 34 and 78%. Among commonly reported secondary endpoints, particularly disability, quality of life, depression and anxiety, marked improvements were noted as well. Taken as a whole, our findings suggest that non-pharmacological treatments constitute a valid option for the prevention of primary headaches in young age. Future research with higher-quality studies is needed. Particular attention needs to be given to studies that randomize patients to condition, blind researchers in charge of evaluating treatment outcomes, routinely include headache frequency as the primary endpoint, include adequate-length follow-up, address changes in biomarkers of disease and other possible mediators of outcome, and that employ predictive models to enhance the level of evidence for these approaches.
Combining mirtazapine with ssris or snris for treatment-resistant depression: The MIR RCT$$$ Background: Depression is usually managed in primary care and antidepressants are often the first-line treatment, but only half of those treated respond to a single antidepressant. Objectives: To investigate whether or not combining mirtazapine with serotonin–noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressants results in better patient outcomes and more efficient NHS care than SNRI or SSRI therapy alone in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Design: The MIR trial was a two-parallel-group, multicentre, pragmatic, placebo-controlled randomized trial with allocation at the level of the individual. Setting: Participants were recruited from primary care in Bristol, Exeter, Hull/York and Manchester/Keele. Participants: Eligible participants were aged ≥ 18 years; were taking a SSRI or a SNRI antidepressant for at least 6 weeks at an adequate dose; scored ≥ 14 points on the Beck Depression Inventory-II (BDI-II); were adherent to medication; and met the International Statistical Classification of Diseases and Related Health Problems, Tenth Revision, criteria for depression. Interventions: Participants were randomised using a computer-generated code to either oral mirtazapine or a matched placebo, starting at a dose of 15 mg daily for 2 weeks and increasing to 30 mg daily for up to 12 months, in addition to their usual antidepressant. Participants, their general practitioners (GPs) and the research team were blind to the allocation. Main outcome measures: The primary outcome was depression symptoms at 12 weeks post randomization compared with baseline, measured as a continuous variable using the BDI-II. Secondary outcomes (at 12, 24 and 52 weeks) included response, remission of depression, change in anxiety symptoms, adverse events (AEs), quality of life, adherence to medication, health and social care use and cost-effectiveness. Outcomes were analysed on an intention-to-treat basis. A qualitative study explored patients’ views and experiences of managing depression and GPs’ views on prescribing a second antidepressant. Results: There were 480 patients randomised to the trial (mirtazapine and usual care, n = 241; placebo and usual care, n = 239), of whom 431 patients (89.8%) were followed up at 12 weeks. BDI-II scores at 12 weeks were lower in the mirtazapine group than the placebo group after adjustment for baseline BDI-II score and minimisation and stratification variables [difference –1.83 points, 95% confidence interval (CI) –3.92 to 0.27 points; p = 0.087]. This was smaller than the minimum clinically important difference and the CI included the null. The difference became smaller at subsequent time points (24 weeks: –0.85 points, 95% CI –3.12 to 1.43 points; 12 months: 0.17 points, 95% CI –2.13 to 2.46 points). More participants in the mirtazapine group withdrew from the trial medication, citing mild AEs (46 vs. 9 participants). Conclusions: This study did not find convincing evidence of a clinically important benefit for mirtazapine in addition to a SSRI or a SNRI antidepressant over placebo in primary care patients with TRD. There was no evidence that the addition of mirtazapine was a cost-effective use of NHS resources. GPs and patients were concerned about adding an additional antidepressant. Limitations: Voluntary unblinding for participants after the primary outcome at 12 weeks made interpretation of longer-term outcomes more difficult. Future work: Treatment-resistant depression remains an area of important, unmet need, with limited evidence of effective treatments. Promising interventions include augmentation with atypical antipsychotics and treatment using transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Pharmacotherapy of Down syndrome$$$ Introduction: Comorbid psychiatric disorders are common in Down syndrome (DS). Evidence for pharmacotherapy of psychiatric co-morbidity in DS is limited. Areas covered: This article reviews the literature on the pharmacotherapy of psychiatric conditions co-occurring with DS, including major depressive disorder (MDD), bipolar disorder, anxiety disorders, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), autism spectrum disorder (ASD), psychosis, and catatonia. A section on the phenomenon of regression is included. Expert opinion: For MDD, we typically begin with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). For bipolar disorder, we often use carbamazepine. For psychotic symptoms, we begin with risperidone or aripiprazole. We use buspirone to treat anxiety. For obsessional slowness/OCD, we begin with an SSRI. For stereotypical repetitive behavior, we tend to use buspirone. For ADHD, we begin with guanfacine. For irritability of comorbid ASD, we use risperidone or aripiprazole. For dementia in DS, we refer to a neurologist for medical work-up and medication management. We treat catatonia-like ‘regression’ with lorazepam. If ineffective, we use memantine or clozapine. Electroconvulsive therapy is considered if pharmacotherapy is ineffective. We treat ‘regression’ with symptoms of MDD ± psychosis, with an antidepressant and an antipsychotic if needed. Randomized controlled trials of medications for comorbid psychiatric disorders in DS are warranted.
Bifrontal active and sham rTMS in treatment-resistant unipolar major depression$$$ Background and aim: Prevention of the recurrence of major depression and its residual symptoms requires effective treatment. Our aim was to study the effects of bifrontal active rTMS controlled by sham rTMS in treatment-resistant unipolar major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: Thirty-seven patients with treatment-resistant MDD were randomized into two groups. One group received a total of 30 sessions of active bifrontal rTMS (10 Hz rTMS on left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and 1 Hz rTMS on right DLPFC) and the other group received bilateral sham rTMS on five days a week for six weeks. Results: Depressive symptoms significantly improved in both the groups, but without a significant group difference. Furthermore, patients with psychotic depression improved similarly to those with moderate or severe depression. Conclusions: The results of present study indicate a large sham effect of stimulation treatment. The intensive structured treatment protocol may explain the positive outcome in both the groups. It is important to recognize, appreciate, and utilize placebo effects as a significant means of rehabilitation in psychiatric care.
Nicotine modulates human brain plasticity via calcium-dependent mechanisms$$$ Key points: Nicotine (NIC) modulates cognition and memory function by targeting the nicotinic ACh receptor and releasing different transmitter systems postsynaptically. With both NIC-generated mechanisms, calcium influx and calcium permeability can be regulated, which is a key requirement for the induction of long-term potentiation, comprising the physiological basis of learning and memory function. We attempt to unmask the underlying mechanism of nicotinic effects on anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)-induced long-term potentiation-like plasticity based on the hypothesis of calcium-dependency. Abolished tDCS-induced neuroplasticity as a result of NIC administration is reversed by calcium channel blockade with flunarizine in a dose-dependent manner. The results of the present study suggest that there is a dose determination of NIC/NIC agonists in therapeutical settings when treating cognitive dysfunction, which partially explains the heterogeneous results on cognition observed in subjects in different experimental settings. Abstract: Nicotine (NIC) modulates neuroplasticity and improves cognitive performance in animals and humans mainly by increased calcium permeability and modulation of diverse transmitter systems. NIC administration impairs calcium-dependent plasticity induced by non-invasive brain stimulation with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in non-smoking participants probably as a result of intracellular calcium overflow. To test this hypothesis, we analysed the effect of calcium channel blockade with flunarizine (FLU) on anodal tDCS-induced cortical excitability changes in healthy non-smokers under NIC. We applied anodal tDCS combined with NIC patch and FLU at three different doses (2.5, 5 and 10 mg) or with placebo medication. NIC abolished anodal tDCS-induced neuroplasticity. Under medium dosage (but not under low and high dosage) of FLU combined with NIC, plasticity was re-established. For FLU alone, the lowest dosage weakened long-term potentiation (LTP)-like plasticity, whereas the highest dosage again abolished tDCS-induced plasticity. The medium dosage turned LTP-like plasticity in long-term depression-like plasticity. The results of the present study suggest a key role of calcium influx and calcium levels in nicotinic effects on LTP-like plasticity in humans. This knowledge might be relevant for the development of new therapeutic strategies in cognitive dysfunction.
Transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training for the treatment of Parkinson Disease: A randomized, placebo-controlled study$$$ Background: A number of non-motor symptoms occurs in Parkinson Disease (PD), cognitive decline and mood disturbances representing the most prevalent. Recent studies reported that cognitive training could potentially help to attenuate cognitive deficits in patients with PD and several researches demonstrated a beneficial effect of active transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (anode over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, cathode over right supraorbital area) on cognitive deficits and mood disturbances. Objective: To investigate the effects of active tDCS combined with computerized cognitive training on cognition and mood disturbances in PD patients. Methods: Twenty-two patients with PD were assigned to either active tDCS plus computerized cognitive training (CCT) or sham tDCS plus CCT groups. Each patient underwent two weeks’ treatment of daily application of tDCS for 25 minutes during CCT focalized on functions related with prefrontal cortex. Each patient was evaluated at baseline, after treatment and at 3-month follow-up. Results: A significant reduction of depressive symptoms was observed in the active tDCS group from baseline to post-treatment assessment and from baseline to 3-month follow-up. An improvement in cognitive performances, referring more specifically to language, attentional and executive functions, was observed in both groups post-treatment and at follow-up. However, phonemic verbal fluency showed significant greater changes from baseline in the active tDCS group. Conclusions: We concluded that cognitive training along with active tDCS is a useful combined approach in the management of mood and cognitive dysfunctions in PD.
Alternate day dTMS combined with SSRIs for chronic treatment resistant depression: A prospective multicenter study$$$ Introduction: Chronic treatment resistant depression takes a substantial toll on patients’ quality of life and alternative treatment options are limited. This prospective multicenter study evaluated the safety, tolerability and efficacy of four weeks of thrice-a-week deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) in combination with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). Methods: Forty patients who failed to respond during a 16-week double-blind placebo controlled (DBPC) trial of dTMS or sham dTMS as monotherapy were screened and started a treatment of previously tolerable but ineffective SSRI. After ten days of medication, high frequency dTMS was added three times a week for four weeks. Results: dTMS combined with SSRIs was well tolerated, with only headaches as a related adverse event (n = 4), which did not cause drop outs. Six patients were excluded from analysis: 1 was missing screening data and 5 received less than 10 sessions. Out of 34 patients included in this study, 12 (35.3%) patients remitted (HDRS-21 < 10). No significant differences were found between patients who had received sham or active dTMS in the earlier DBPC multicenter trial. Limitations: This was a small scale open study of dTMS with SSRIs in patients that failed to respond during a DBPC dTMS trial, although a carryover effect cannot be excluded. Comparative efficacy of dTMS with and without SSRIs and specific dosing and protocol parameters warrant specifically-designed large-scale controlled studies. Conclusions: Thrice weekly dTMS at 120% motor threshold(MT), 10 HZ, 3‑s trains, 20‑s intervals, 2400 daily pulses, can augment formerly ineffective SSRI treatment.
The use of continuous theta burst stimulation for the treatment of anxiety: A case series$$$ Objective: To present a case series of the use of adjunctive continuous theta burst (cTBS) to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) to treat anxiety symptoms. Background: Low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the right DLPFC has been studied as a treatment for anxiety based on its hypothesized induction of long-term depression (LTD) in neuronal connections. cTBS is a faster procedure that is also suggested to induce LTD. We, therefore, hypothesized that cTBS could be an efficacious treatment for anxiety. Methods: Nine patients treated for major depression or bipolar depression in our private TMS practice consented to an off-label trial of adjunctive cTBS delivered to the right DLPFC. Three patients had cTBS added to their TMS maintenance protocols after achieving full remission of their depression. The remaining six started cTBS concurrently with their depression protocols. Treatment consisted of two trains of 600 pulses of cTBS administered at 80% of the motor threshold. Each train was separated by at least 10 minutes. Results: Eight patients had over a 50% reduction in anxiety symptoms measured by the HAM-A scale. Mean scores significantly decreased from 19.3 (+ 9.7) pre-treatment to 5.4 (+ 2.4) post treatment (p < 0.01). Six patients reported qualitative improvements in symptoms within 5 sessions. Conclusion: cTBS administered to the right DLPFC appears to be an effective method for reducing anxiety symptoms. Placebo effects or reduction in anxiety symptoms subsequent to the depression protocol may have impacted the results; therefore, further systematic studies of this modality are warranted.
Deep TMS for PTSD with the H7 coil in a naturalistic setting: Case series$$$ Objective: A retrospective case series treating patients with PTSD comorbid with severe depression who were ineligible for a double blinded controlled PTSD study Introduction: PTSD patients have hypo-activity in the mPFC during traumatic recall. Stimulating the mPFC with dTMS after an individualized traumatic script was effective in decreasing PTSD symptoms in a double blinded placebo-controlled study. Methods: Fourteen patients with moderate to severe PTSD were administered dTMS with the H7 coil over the dmPFC 3-5 times week. Treatment occurred after a brief provocation with an individualized script on their most distressing traumatic event. dTMS was administered at 100%MT of the foot, 18Hz, 2 second trains, 20 second intervals for 2880 total pulses. Patient measures at baseline, weekly, and endpoint were the PTSD checklist list (PCL) or modified PTSD symptom scale (MPSS). PCL or MPSS response was defined as 30% change and partial response defined as 20% change. Clinicians gave the Global Inventory-Severity (CGI-S) score at baseline and endpoint. Response was defined as a 2-point decrease and remission was a CGI-S of a 1 or 2. Results: Patients’ age ranged from 22 to 71 with a mean of 49. Of the 14 patients, 11 responded, 13 partially responded, and 1 failed to respond on their patient rating scales. By CGI-S, of the 14 patients, 12 responded, 7 remitted, and 2 failed to respond. According to CGI-S and PCL/MPSS, all patients significantly improved; patients who received over 20 treatments improved significantly better. Conclusions: H7 coil dTMS in a naturalistic setting appears efficacious for PTSD. Disclosure: Aron Tendler, Mark Deluca, and Noelia Rodriguez have financial interest in Brainsway, the manufacturer of the deep TMS system. Roman Gersner is an employee of Brainsway.
Deep TMS for OCD with the H7 coil: Case series in a naturalistic setting$$$ Objective: Retrospective patient chart review who received open-label dTMS for obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) with the H7 coil. Background: dTMS for OCD with the H7 coil has been shown to be efficacious in pilot and multicenter double-blinded clinical trials. How do patients fair in a naturalistic setting? Methods: Twenty-one patients with severe medication resistant OCD who were ineligible for the double blind placebo controlled (DBPC) study were administered dTMS with the H7 coil over the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) and anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) five times weekly. Individualized OCD symptoms were provoked to a visual analogue scale (VAS) between 5-7; then, dTMS was administered at 100%MT, 20Hz, 2 second trains, 20 second intervals for 2000 total pulses. Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS) was measured at baseline, weekly, and endpoint; response was defined as ≥ 30% decrease from baseline, partial response defined as ≥ 20% decrease, and remission defined as a YBOCS ≤ 10. Results: Patients’ age ranged from 15 to 70 years old with a mean of 36. Of the 21 patients, 16 responded, 17 partially responded, 7 remitted, and 4 failed to respond. Of the 16 responders, 8 remitted. The four non-responders discontinued treatment due to either drug abuse, increase in depression, relocated, or felt improved. Efficacy was not dependent on age, gender or baseline YBOCS. The response had a strong non-significant dependence on number of treatments, suggesting that for best outcomes patients should receive at least 30 treatment sessions (38.2% response with < 30 treatments and 60.9% with ≥ 30 treatments). There were no serious adverse events, but some patients experienced transient mild to moderate headaches. Conclusions: dTMS with the H7 coil in a naturalistic setting is efficacious for OCD. Disclosure: Aron Tendler, Mark Deluca, and Noelia Rodriguez have financial interest in Brainsway, the manufacturer of the deep TMS system. Roman Gersner is an employee of Brainsway.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of eating disorders: A review of safety and efficacy$$$ Eating disorders are a significant public health concern accounting for significant morbidity and mortality. Therapeutic approaches are available to treat eating disorders but less than half of the patients recover. Therapeutic alternatives are needed such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. I reviewed studies that evaluated the safety and efficacy of this technique for the treatment of eating disorders. The electronic literature on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, theta burst and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of eating disorders was retrieved. The findings were quite heterogeneous in results with some studies showing relatively positive results with reduction of both craving and eating behaviors with active stimulation versus sham. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation was safe. Research in this field was limited by the small number of studies and sample sizes, diversity of stimulation parameters, questionable placebo conditions, the lack of a sham-controlled design and the use of subjective scales lacking in sensitivity. The evidence supporting rTMS for eating disorders is somewhat promising. Future studies on high frequency rTMS of the LDLPFC/DMPFC with increased statistical power, rigorous randomization, outcome measures and optimal parameters are needed to confirm the short- and long-term safety and efficacy of rTMS for the treatment of eating disorders.
Pre-treatment attentional processing speed and antidepressant response to transcranial direct current stimulation: Results from an international randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has promising antidepressant effects, however, clinical trials have shown variable efficacy. Pre-treatment neurocognitive functioning has previously been identified as an inter-individual predictor of tDCS antidepressant efficacy. Objective: In this international multicentre, sham-controlled study, we investigated this relationship while also assessing the influence of clinical and genotype (BDNF Val66Met and COMT Val158Met polymorphisms) factors as predictors of response to active tDCS. Methods: The study was a triple-masked, parallel, randomized, controlled design across 6 international academic medical centers. Participants were randomized to active (2.5 mA) or sham (34 μA) tDCS for 30 min each session for 20 sessions. The anode was centered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at F3 (10/20 EEG system) and the cathode over the lateral right frontal area at F8. Results: Better pre-treatment attentional processing speed on the Ruff 2 & 7 Selective Attention Test (Total Speed: β = 0.25, p <.05) and concurrent antidepressant medication use (β = 0.31, p <.05) predicted antidepressant efficacy with active tDCS. Genotype differences in the BDNF Val66Metand COMT Val158Met polymorphisms were not associated with antidepressant effects. Secondary analyses revealed that only participants in the highest performing Ruff 2 & 7 Total Speed group at pre-treatment in both active and sham tDCS conditions showed significantly greater antidepressant response compared to those with lower performance at both the 2 and 4 week treatment time points (p <.05). Conclusions: These results suggest that high pre-treatment attentional processing speed may be relevant for identifying participants more likely to show better tDCS antidepressant response to both high (2.5 mA) and very low (34 μA) current intensity stimulation. Clinical trials registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01562184.
Tinnitus$$$ Objective and subjective tinnitus can often be differentiated based on comprehensive history, physical examination, and audiogram. Examples of objective tinnitus include vascular abnormalities, palatal myoclonus, patulous eustachian tube, and stapedial/tensor tympani muscle spasm. Subjective tinnitus is usually associated with hearing loss. Rarely, tinnitus is the result of an underlying condition. In these cases, imaging and additional testing may be indicated. Classification of the type, quality, and intensity of tinnitus is helpful in the work-up and treatment of tinnitus. Treatment modalities include cognitive behavioral therapy, tinnitus retraining therapy, sound therapy, hearing aids, cochlear implants, pharmacotherapy, and brain stimulation.
Clinical TMS Society 2018 Annual Meeting$$$ The proceedings contains 40 papers. The topics discussed include: Effect of rTMS on inhibitory control in depression: Go/NoGo commission error improvements;Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for depression: outcomes in a United Kingdom (UK) clinical practice;Cost-effectiveness modeling of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation compared to electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression in Singapore;rTMS effects in patients with co-morbid somatic pain and depressive mood disorders;Management of treatment resistant bipolar depression with rTMS;TMS in preschool children with ASD (ages 3-5): A distress scale;The integration of Quantitative EEG (QEEG) brain-mapping with rTMS therapy;Low frequency rTMS combined with visual scanning training in patients with post-stroke visuospatial neglect. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study;Scheduled transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in treatment resistant depression (TRD);Brainsway™ dTMS (TMS) and Brainsway™ dTMS with Ketamine Infusions (TMSK) in Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD); Real life results;The effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation and lumosity for cognitive impairment associated with MCI and mild dementia;Does history of previous ECT treatment affect responsiveness of MDD patients to TMS?;The use of continuous theta burst stimulation for the treatment of anxiety: A case series;Evaluating depression, weight change and insomnia with transcranial magnetic stimulation;Decrease in frequency of ketamine infusions after dTMS in a 19 year old patient with treatment resistant depression: Case report;Treatment of cocaine use disorder with dTMS and in-vivo exposure: Case report;Treatment of mixed mania and depression using bilateral intermittent theta burst: Case series;Efficacy of rTMS for treating refractory major depression in clinical practice;Assessment of the separation of responders and non-responders to rTMS for treatment refractory MDD;Deep-TMS for ADHD: A randomized sham controlled fMRI study
Remotely supervised transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of fatigue in multiple sclerosis: Results from a randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Fatigue is a common and debilitating feature of multiple sclerosis (MS) that remains without reliably effective treatment. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising option for fatigue reduction. We developed a telerehabilitation protocol that delivers tDCS to participants at home using specially designed equipment and real-time supervision (remotely supervised transcranial direct current stimulation (RS-tDCS)). Objective: To evaluate whether tDCS can reduce fatigue in individuals with MS. Methods: Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex left anodal tDCS was administered using a RS-tDCS protocol, paired with 20 minutes of cognitive training. Here, two studies are considered. Study 1 delivered 10 open-label tDCS treatments (1.5 mA; n = 15) compared to a cognitive training only condition (n = 20). Study 2 was a randomized trial of active (2.0 mA, n = 15) or sham (n = 12) delivered for 20 sessions. Fatigue was assessed using the Patient-Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS)—Fatigue Short Form. Results and conclusion: In Study 1, there was modest fatigue reduction in the active group (−2.5 ± 7.4 vs −0.2 ± 5.3, p = 0.30, Cohen’s d = −0.35). However, in Study 2 there was statistically significant reduction for the active group (−5.6 ± 8.9 vs 0.9 ± 1.9, p = 0.02, Cohen’s d = −0.71). tDCS is a potential treatment for MS-related fatigue.
Short-Term Impact of tDCS Over the Right Inferior Frontal Cortex on Impulsive Responses in a Go/No-go Task$$$ Inhibitory control, a process deeply studied in laboratory settings, refers to the ability to inhibit an action once it has been initiated. A common way to process data in such tasks is to take the mean response time (RT) and error rate per participant. However, such an analysis ignores the strong dependency between spontaneous RT variations and error rate. Conditional accuracy function (CAF) is of particular interest, as by plotting the probability of a response to be correct as a function of its latency, it provides a means for studying the strength of impulsive responses associated with a higher frequency of fast response errors. This procedure was applied to a recent set of data in which the right inferior frontal gyrus (rIFG) was modulated using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Healthy participants (n = 40) were presented with a “Go/No-go” task (click on letter M, not on letter W, session 1). Then, one subgroup (n = 20) was randomly assigned to one 20-minutes neuromodulation session with tDCS (anodal electrode, rIFG; cathodal electrode, neck); and the other group (n = 20) to a condition with sham (placebo) tDCS. All participants were finally confronted to the same “Go/No-go” task (session 2). The rate of commission errors (click on W) and speed of response to Go trials were similar between sessions 1 and 2 in both neuromodulation groups. However, CAF showed that active tDCS over rIFG leads to a reduction of the drop in accuracy for fast responses (suggesting less impulsivity and greater inhibitory efficiency), this effect being only visible for the first experimental block following tDCS stimulation. Overall, the present data indicate that boosting the rIFG may be useful to enhance inhibitory skills, but that CAF could be of the greatest relevance to monitor the temporal dynamics of the neuromodulation effect.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic neuropathic pain in patients with bladder pain syndrome/interstitial cystitis$$$ Aims: To evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) associated with standard drug therapies for neuropathic pain that does not respond to pharmacological treatment alone in patients with Bladder Pain Syndrome/Interstitial Cystitis (BPS/IC). Secondary goals were to assess the effects of rTMS on Lower Urinary Tract Symptoms (LUTS) and Quality of Life (QOL). Methods: Fifteen patients with BPS/IC were enrolled in this randomized, double-blind, sham stimulation-controlled, crossover study. Patients were treated for 2 weeks with either real-rTMS (for five consecutive days in 20-min sessions) or sham-rTMS (for five consecutive days in 20-min sessions). After a 6-week washout period, the patients who had previously undergone real-rTMS underwent sham-rTMS, and vice versa. Patients were rated at each visit by means of questionnaires on pain, urinary disturbances, depression, and QOL. Results: The statistical analysis revealed significant effects of real-rTMS, when compared with sham-rTMS, on pain (in the VAS, Functional Neuropathic Pelvic Pain, Neuropathic Pain Symptom Inventory, McGill questionnaire, and Central Sensitization Inventory), urinary LUTS (in the Overactive Bladder Questionnaire score, bladder emptying, and daily urinary frequency), and QOL (in the subscores of the SF-36 related to physical pain and to emotional status). No serious adverse events were reported during the study. Conclusions: The results of this study show that rTMS applied with an H-coil over the M1 in the area corresponding to the pelvic region in patients with BPS/IC appears to improve chronic pelvic pain (CPP) and associated urinary disorders.
Electroconvulsive therapy for older adult patients with major depressive disorder: a systematic review of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been widely used in treating older adult patients with major depressive disorder. The results of randomized controlled trials (RCT) are mixed. This study systematically examined the efficacy and safety of ECT versus antidepressants (AD) in older adult patients with major depressive disorder. Methods: A literature search was conducted independently by two reviewers using the PubMed, Embase, PsycINFO, Cochrane Library, Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure, Wanfang, and SinoMed databases from their inceptions until 17 May 2017. The Cochrane risk of bias and Jadad scale were used to assess the quality of RCT included in the systematic review. Results: Five RCT (n = 374; mean age: 66.0–66.4 years; men: 36.4–58.3%) all conducted in China were identified, including three RCT (n = 203) with ECT alone and two RCT (n = 171) with ECT-AD co-treatment. In two of the three RCT, ECT alone was superior to AD monotherapy in improving depressive symptoms as assessed by the Hamilton Depression Scale and by clinical judgement at the conclusion of the course of ECT. Both RCT of AD-ECT co-treatment showed a significant reduction in the Hamilton Depression Scale total score after ECT compared with AD monotherapy. The response rate ranged from 80% to 97.5% in the ECT groups and from 63.4% to 73.3% in the AD groups. Rates of adverse reactions were similar between ECT and AD groups in studies with available data. Only one RCT reported the discontinuation rate without a significant group difference. Conclusions: This systematic review showed that ECT appears to be an effective and safe treatment for older adult patients with major depressive disorder. Further high-quality studies with extended follow-up are warranted.
Brain and spinal stimulation therapies for phantom limb pain: A systematic review$$$ Background: Although many treatments exist for phantom limb pain (PLP), the evidence supporting them is limited and there are no guidelines for PLP management. Brain and spinal cord neurostimulation therapies are targeted at patients with chronic PLP but have yet to be systematically reviewed. Objective: To determine which types of brain and spinal stimulation therapy appear to be the best for treating chronic PLP. Design: Systematic reviews of effectiveness and epidemiology studies, and a survey of NHS practice. Population: All patients with PLP. Interventions: Invasive interventions – deep brain stimulation (DBS), motor cortex stimulation (MCS), spinal cord stimulation (SCS) and dorsal root ganglion (DRG) stimulation. Non-invasive interventions – repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Main outcome measures: Phantom limb pain and quality of life. Data sources: Twelve databases (including MEDLINE and EMBASE) and clinical trial registries were searched in May 2017, with no date limits applied. Review methods: Two reviewers screened titles and abstracts and full texts. Data extraction and quality assessments were undertaken by one reviewer and checked by another. A questionnaire was distributed to clinicians via established e-mail lists of two relevant clinical societies. All results were presented narratively with accompanying tables. Results: Seven randomised controlled trials (RCTs), 30 non-comparative group studies, 18 case reports and 21 epidemiology studies were included. Results from a good-quality RCT suggested short-term benefits of rTMS in reducing PLP, but not in reducing anxiety or depression. Small randomised trials of tDCS suggested the possibility of modest, short-term reductions in PLP. No RCTs of invasive therapies were identified. Results from small, non-comparative group studies suggested that, although many patients benefited from short-term pain reduction, far fewer maintained their benefits. Most studies had important methodological or reporting limitations and few studies reported quality-of-life data. The evidence on prognostic factors for the development of chronic PLP from the longitudinal studies also had important limitations. The results from these studies suggested that pre-amputation pain and early PLP intensity are good predictors of chronic PLP. Results from the cross-sectional studies suggested that the proportion of patients with severe chronic PLP is between around 30% and 40% of the chronic PLP population, and that around one-quarter of chronic PLP patients find their PLP to be either moderately or severely limiting or bothersome. There were 37 responses to the questionnaire distributed to clinicians. SCS and DRG stimulation are frequently used in the NHS but the prevalence of use of DBS and MCS was low. Most responders considered SCS and DRG stimulation to be at least sometimes effective. Neurosurgeons had mixed views on DBS, but most considered MCS to rarely be effective. Most clinicians thought that a randomised trial design could be successfully used to study neurostimulation therapies. Limitation: There was a lack of robust research studies. Conclusions: Currently available studies of the efficacy, effectiveness and safety of neurostimulation treatments do not provide robust, reliable results. Therefore, it is uncertain which treatments are best for chronic PLP. Future work: Randomised crossover trials, randomised N-of-1 trials and prospective registry trials are viable study designs for future research. Study registration: The study is registered as PROSPERO CRD42017065387.
Decreasing Treatment Duration of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) Using Daily Right Unilateral Ultrabrief Instead of Bitemporal ECT$$$ Objective:Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression, but the standard 2 to 3 times weekly treatment course results in a total treatment duration of >2 weeks. We explored the viability of decreasing treatment duration by using daily right unilateral ultrabrief (RULUB) ECT instead of standard bitemporal (BT) ECT.Methods:This study involved a retrospective review of records of inpatients 18 to 64 years of age who were treated between 2012 and 2017 at a large tertiary ECT center. Lead placement/technique, treatment duration (days from first to last ECT), number of ECT treatments, and scores on the Patient Health Questionnaire-9 (PHQ-9), and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD-24) were collected. Statistical analysis was performed using 1-way analysis of variance and t tests.Results:Of 214 patients, 112 started daily RULUB ECT (86 were completers and 26 were eventually switched to BT), and 83 started and completed BT ECT. Daily RULUB completers finished their course of ECT 6.5 days faster than those who received BT ECT (11.7 vs. 18.2 d, P<0.0001), while the number of ECT treatments did not significantly differ between the 2 groups (daily RULUB 8.6 treatments vs. BT 8.3 treatments, P=0.4402). There were no significant differences in the final PHQ-9 or HamD-24 depression scores between the 2 groups. One case of significant cognitive impairment was observed in the daily RULUB group.Conclusions:Daily RULUB ECT compared with BT ECT allowed depression to be treated faster and with similar efficacy. Randomized controlled trials, which include the use of formal cognitive and physical side effect measures, are needed to further explore the viability of daily RULUB ECT.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of tinnitus: A review of clinical trials and mechanisms of action$$$ Background: Tinnitus is the perception of sound in the absence of any external acoustic stimulation. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown promising though heterogeneous therapeutic outcomes for tinnitus. The present study aims to review the recent advances in applications of tDCS for tinnitus treatment. In addition, the clinical efficacy and main mechanisms of action of tDCS on suppressing tinnitus are discussed. Methods: The study was performed in accordance with the PRISMA guidelines. The databases of the PubMed (1980-2018), Embase (1980-2018), PsycINFO (1850-2018), CINAHL, Web of Science, BIOSIS Previews (1990-2018), Cambridge Scientific Abstracts (1990-2018), and google scholar (1980-2018) using the set search terms. The date of the most recent search was 20 May, 2018. The randomized controlled trials that have assessed at least one therapeutic outcome measured before and after tDCS intervention were included in the final analysis. Results: Different tDCS protocols were used for tinnitus ranging single to repeated sessions (up to 10) consisting of daily single session of 15 to 20-min and current intensities ranging 1-2 mA. Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and auditory cortex are the main targets of stimulation. Both single and repeated sessions showed moderate to significant treatment effects on tinnitus symptoms. In addition to improvements in tinnitus symptoms, the tDCS interventions particularly bifrontal DLPFC showed beneficial outcomes on depression and anxiety comorbid with tinnitus. Heterogeneities in the type of tinnitus, tDCS devices, protocols, and site of stimulation made the systematic reviews of the literature difficult. However, the current evidence shows that tDCS can be developed as an adjunct or complementary treatment for intractable tinnitus. TDCS may be a safe and cost-effective treatment for tinnitus in the short-term application. Conclusions: The current literature shows moderate to significant therapeutic efficacy of tDCS on tinnitus symptoms. Further randomized placebo-controlled double-blind trials with large sample sizes are needed to reach a definitive conclusion on the efficacy of tDCS for tinnitus. Future studies should further focus on developing efficient disease- and patient-specific protocols.
Cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation improves procedural learning in nonclinical psychosis: A double-blind crossover study$$$ The present double-blind crossover study examines the effects of cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in controls and in an analogue population to psychosis: Individuals reporting elevated symptoms of nonclinical psychosis (NCP). A total of 18 controls and 24 NCP individuals were randomized into conditions consisting of 25 minutes of anodal (active) or sham cerebellar tDCS. Following this, both groups completed a pursuit rotor task designed to measure procedural learning performance. Participants then returned 1-week later and received the corresponding condition (either active or sham) and repeated the pursuit rotor task. Results indicate that in the sham condition, control participants showed significantly greater rates of motor learning when compared with the NCP group. In the active condition, the NCP group exhibited significant improvements in the rate of motor learning and performed at a level that was comparable to controls; these data support the link between cerebellar dysfunction and motor learning. Taken together, tDCS may be a promising treatment mechanism for patient populations and a useful experimental approach in elucidating our understanding of psychosis.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex to alleviate depression and cognitive impairment associated with Parkinson's disease: A review and clinical implications$$$ The rapid methodological development and growing availability of neuromodulation techniques have spurred myriad studies investigating their clinical effectiveness. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has in many instances been proven to exert antidepressant-like effects superior to placebo and equivalent to standard psychopharmacological treatment. Due to the similar neuroanatomy and neurophysiology of executive and affective control processes, rTMS to the DLPFC may be able to address multiple issues simultaneously. This review pools available literature on the therapeutic usage of rTMS on non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease associated with the DLPFC (i.e. mood disturbance and cognitive impairment). To the best of the author's knowledge, it is one of the few available of its’ kind, up to this date. Most studies included in the review found beneficial effects of high frequency prefrontal rTMS on PD-related depression. In regard to the usability of rTMS to alleviate cognitive impairment associated with PD, definitive claims are yet to be established.
Accelerated iTBS treatment in depressed patients differentially modulates reward system activity based on anhedonia$$$ Objectives: Accelerated intermittent theta-burst stimulation (aiTBS) anti-depressive working mechanisms are still unclear. Because aiTBS may work through modulating the reward system and the level of anhedonia may influence this modulation, we investigated the effect of aiTBS on reward responsiveness in high and low anhedonic MDD patients. Methods: In this registered RCT (NCT01832805), 50 MDD patients were randomised to a sham-controlled cross-over aiTBS treatment protocol over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Patients performed a probabilistic learning task in fMRI before and after each week of stimulation. Results: Task performance analyses did not show any significant effects of aiTBS on reward responsiveness, nor differences between both groups of MDD patients. However, at baseline, low anhedonic patients displayed higher neural activity in the caudate and putamen. After the first week of aiTBS treatment, in low anhedonic patients we found a decreased neural activity within the reward system, in contrast to an increased activity observed in high anhedonic patients. No changes were observed in reward related neural regions after the first week of sham stimulation. Conclusions: Although both MDD groups showed no differences in task performance, our brain imaging findings suggest that left DLPFC aiTBS treatment modulates the reward system differently according to anhedonia severity.
A systematic review of noninvasive brain stimulation for post-stroke depression$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is among the most frequent neuropsychiatric consequences of stroke, negatively affecting the patient's functional recovery and the quality of life. While pharmacological therapy has limited efficacy and important side effects, new appropriate treatments based on specific physiological mechanisms for PSD remain to be developed. Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques, modulating brain plasticity, might offer valid, alternative strategies. Methods: We systematically searched four databases: MEDLINE, PsycARTICLES, PsycINFO and Web of Science, up to December 2017, using definite keywords, to identify studies on TMS and tDCS treatment for PSD. Results: Seven studies met the inclusion criteria and the results indicate that both tDCS and rTMS are safe and have very low side effects. The reported positive results, suggesting that these methods can be considered effective therapeutic options, are questionable, and a general statement about their efficacy for PSD is premature due to small sample sizes, heterogeneous methodologies, lack of uniform diagnostic criteria, and divergent data. Limitations: The selected articles suffer lack of information about quality of life and daily living performance measures; in addition, the number of randomized controlled trials is small. Conclusion (s): The aim of this review was to analyze current research in the clinical use of noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) in PSD treatment in order to verify whether there are alternative perspectives in the treatment of PSD. Given the present evidence, future research is needed to address methodological limitations and evaluate the long-term efficacy of these methods, alone and in combination with pharmacological treatment.
Association of the loudness dependence of auditory evoked potentials with clinical changes to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression$$$ Background: Although the application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treatment of depression has been well investigated, there are few biological predictors of clinical outcomes to rTMS treatment. Previous studies have suggested that the loudness dependence of auditory evoked potentials (LDAEP) can be used as a predictor of response to antidepressant treatment. However, little is known about the association between rTMS and LDAEP. The present study aimed to investigate whether baseline LDAEP is associated with clinical changes to rTMS treatment in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), and to explore the effect of high-frequency rTMS on LDAEP. Methods: Thirty patients were randomized to receive 15 sessions of active (n = 15) or sham rTMS (n = 15). LDAEP and clinical measures of depression were assessed before and after 10 Hz rTMS treatment for 15 days. Results: Baseline LDAEP was associated with changes in scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. There were no significant effects of rTMS on LDAEP. Patients with high LDAEP exhibited more favorable clinical changes than those with low LDAEP following treatment with rTMS. Limitations: The sample was relatively small, and the participants were not divided into responders and non-responders group due to small sample. An influence of medication has not been controlled. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that high baseline LDAEP may be associated with favorable clinical changes to rTMS treatment in patients with MDD. Further studies are required to replicate and validate the potential use of LDAEP as a predictor of clinical changes to rTMS treatment.
The Effectiveness of Bilateral Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Anhedonia among Patient with Major Depressive Disorder: A pilot study$$$ Introduction: Anhedonia is a main symptom of major depressive disorder (MDD) and a predictor of the poor results of treatment. There are no effective pharmacotherapies or psychotherapies for anhedonia. The aim of this study was to investigate the effectiveness of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in reducing anhedonia among patients with MDD. Methods: In this clinical trial study, Patients with MDD were referred to Atieh Clinic, Tehran, Iran, during January 2016 to September 2017 and were randomized into two groups receiving real and sham rTMS. In real rTMS group, for ten sessions, patients received a 10-Hz rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and a 1-Hz rTMS on the right DLPFC. Then the Snaith-Hamilton Pleasure Scale (SHAPS) and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS)) were used to evaluation of the participants both before and after treatment. Findings: According to the results, bilateral rTMS cured anhedonia (P<0/04) and depression (P<0/002). Discussion: This study indicated that rTMS could be considered a new treatment in order to cure anhedonia in patients with MDD.
The effect of exercise on resting concentrations of peripheral brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in major depressive disorder: A meta-analysis$$$ Exercise interventions have been shown to successfully improve depression in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), but like other forms of antidepressant treatment, exercise is not effective in all patients and its mechanisms of action have not been fully elucidated. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), a key mediator of neurogenesis and neuronal survival, has been shown to be decreased in individuals with MDD. One potential mechanism by which exercise alleviates depression is through an increase in BDNF. In order to evaluate this hypothesis, we conducted a meta-analysis of studies that assessed the effects of a chronic (multi-week) exercise intervention on BDNF concentrations in MDD patients. MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, SPORTDiscus, Rehabilitation & Sports Medicine Source, and CINAHL databases were searched for original, peer-reviewed reports of peripheral blood BDNF concentrations before and after a chronic exercise intervention in MDD patients. Standardized mean differences (SMDs) were generated from random effects models. Potential sources of heterogeneity were explored in meta-regression analyses. In six studies that met inclusion criteria, resting blood concentrations of BDNF were not significantly higher after a chronic exercise intervention (SMD = 0.43, 95% CI: −0.06–0.92, p = 0.09) in MDD patients. This meta-analysis did not find evidence that a chronic aerobic exercise intervention increases resting concentrations of BDNF in the blood of MDD patients; however, there is a lack of studies in this area making it difficult to reach a definitive conclusion. Future studies on this topic with larger sample sizes and longer durations are needed to draw more robust conclusions.
Deontological morality can be experimentally enhanced by increasing disgust: A transcranial direct current stimulation study$$$ Previous studies empirically support the existence of a distinctive association between deontological (but not altruistic) guilt and both disgust and obsessive-compulsive (OC) symptoms. Given that the neural substrate underlying deontological guilt comprises brain regions strictly implicated in the emotion of disgust (i.e. the insula), the present study aimed to test the hypothesis that indirect stimulation of the insula via transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) would enhance disgust and morality in the deontological domain. A randomized, sham-controlled, within-subject design was used. Thirty-seven healthy individuals (25 women) underwent 15-min anodal and sham tDCS over T3 in two different days, while their heart rate (HR) was recorded to derive measures of parasympathetic nervous system activity (HR variability; HRV). After the first 10-min of sham or active tDCS stimulation, participants were asked to 1) complete a series of 6-item words that could be completed with either a disgust-related word (cleaning/dirtiness) or neutral alternatives; 2) rate how much a series of vignettes, each depicting a behavior that violated a specific moral foundation, were morally wrong. Levels of trait anxiety, depression, disgust sensitivity, scrupulosity, and altruism as well as pre- and post- stimulation momentary emotional states were assessed. Compared to the sham condition, after active stimulation of T3 a) HRV significantly increased and participants b) completed more words in terms of cleaning/dirtiness and c) reported greater subjective levels of disgust, all suggesting the elicitation of the emotion of disgust. Although the results are only marginally significant, they point to the absence of difference between the two experimental conditions for moral vignettes in the altruistic domain (i.e., animal care, emotional and physical human care), but not in the deontological domain (i.e., authority, fairness, liberty, and sacrality), where vignettes were judged as more morally wrong in the active compared to the sham condition. Moreover, scores on the OCI-R correlated with how much vignettes were evaluated as morally wrong in the deontological domain only. Results preliminarily support the association between disgust and morality in the deontological domain, with important implications for OC disorder (OCD). Future studies should explore the possibility of decreasing both disgust and morality in patients with OCD by the use of non-invasive brain stimulation techniques.
Ketamine Across the Lifespan: An Emerging Treatment for Depression and Suicidality$$$ Objectives: Approximately 25% of adolescents experience a major depressive episode. Suicide is the second leading cause of death in individuals aged 15–24 years. Effective treatments for adolescents include pharmacotherapy with SSRIs and specific psychotherapies. However, these treatments are not effective for many patients, and their therapeutic action is typically delayed when they work. In this session, attendees will do the following: 1) understand the evidence base for the use of ketamine, a novel rapid-acting antidepressant, in adult depressive disorders and suicidal ideation; 2) become familiar with initial evidence examining ketamine’s efficacy and tolerability in adolescent depression; and 3) develop confidence in identifying patients across the lifespan who may be appropriate for ketamine referral. Methods: Ketamine is typically administered intravenously at a low dose (0.5 mg/kg) slowly (over 40 minutes). We will review the current evidence base for ketamine as treatment for MDD in adults and discuss our experience using ketamine in adolescent populations. We will review best treatment practices, anticipated side effects, and current protocols that we are using to minimize treatment risks. Results: The preliminary results for a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of adolescents with treatment-refractory MDD will be presented. We will also discuss data from prior adult research showing ketamine to be a rapid (<1 day) and potent (effect size of 1.2) antidepressant, anxiolytic, and antisuicidal agent. Conclusions: Ketamine is a novel antidepressant that is increasingly being used in clinical practice for treatment-refractory MDD in adults. It acts through a distinct glutamatergic mechanism and on a rapid timescale compared with all currently approved oral antidepressants. Ketamine may also be appropriate for severe, treatment-refractory adolescent MDD, similar to situations in which ECT is considered. Ketamine requires continued careful assessment in well-designed pediatric clinical trials. DDD, ADOL, TREAT
Ketamine Anesthesia Does Not Improve Depression Scores in Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Randomized Clinical Trial$$$ Background: Although interest in ketamine use during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has increased, studies have been equivocal with regard to its efficacy. The aims of this clinical trial were to evaluate ketamine's antidepressive effects in ECT as a primary anesthetic, determine ketamine's tolerability when compared with standard anesthesia, and determine if plasma brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is necessary for treatment response. Materials and Methods: Adults meeting criteria for treatment-resistant depression undergoing index course ECT received either methohexital (1 to 2 mg/kg) or ketamine (1 to 2 mg/kg) anesthesia in this dual-arm double-blinded randomized clinical trial (NCT02752724). The primary outcome of this study is change in depression questionnaire scores before and after ECT. Seizure data, depression severity using self-reported and clinician-assessed questionnaires, cognitive scoring, and plasma BDNF concentrations were obtained before and after completion of ECT. Results: There were no differences in seizure lengths, hemodynamics, or seizure stimuli between the ketamine (n=23;138 ECTs) and methohexital (n=27;159 ECTs) groups. Depression scores improved similarly after ECT in both groups. In the methohexital group, 15% of patients failed to achieve adequate seizures and were switched to ketamine and 26% were converted to bilateral ECT stimulus, whereas all ketamine patients achieved adequate seizures and only 4% required bilateral stimulus. Plasma BDNF increased after ECT only in the ketamine group. Conclusions: Our data show that ketamine does not significantly improve depression when compared with methohexital as a single induction agent for ECT, increases serum BDNF and does not increase rates of post-ECT agitation. Ketamine use in ECT may have some benefits for some patients that are not captured through standard depression assessment questionnaires alone.
Efficacy, tolerability, and cognitive effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression: a prospective randomized controlled trial$$$ Late-life depression (LLD) is a growing worldwide problem due to demographic changes, with limited treatment options due to high rates of pharmacotherapy adverse effects, accessibility of psychotherapy, and tolerability of electroconvulsive therapy. Novel neuromodulation techniques, such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), may overcome these limitations. The objective of this study is to determine the efficacy, tolerability, and cognitive effects of high-dose deep rTMS in LLD. In this study we randomized older adults between 60 and 85 years old with major depressive disorder (MDD) to sham or active deep rTMS (H1 coil, 6012 pulses, 18 Hz, 120% of resting motor threshold) delivered over the dorsolateral and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex 5 days per week over 4 weeks. Our primary outcome was remission of depression in an intention-to-treat analysis. We also assessed change in cognitive functioning with rTMS treatment and tolerability based on adverse effects. Fifty-two participants were randomized to active (n = 25) or sham H1 coil (n = 27). Remission rate was significantly higher with active than sham rTMS (40.0% vs 14.8%) with a number needed to treat of 4.0 (95% CI: 2.1–56.5). There was no change on any measure of executive function and no serious adverse events. Adverse effect profiles were similar between active and sham rTMS, except for reports of pain being significantly more common in the active condition (16.0% vs 0%). High-dose deep rTMS appears to be safe, well tolerated, and efficacious in the treatment of LLD.
A Clinical Trial with Combined Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Attentional Bias Modification in Alcohol-Dependent Patients$$$ Background: Modifying attentional processes with attentional bias modification (ABM) might be a relevant add-on to treatment in addiction. This study investigated whether influencing cortical plasticity with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) could increase training effects. tDCS could also help alcohol-dependent patients to overcome craving and reduce relapse, independent of training. These approaches were combined to investigate effects in the treatment of alcoholism. Methods: Ninety-eight patients (analytical sample = 83) were randomly assigned to 4 groups in a 2-by-2 factorial design. Patients received 4 sessions of ABM (control or real training) combined with 2 mA tDCS (active: 20 minutes or sham: 30 seconds) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Alcohol bias and craving were assessed, and treatment outcome was measured as relapse after 1 year. Results: Attentional bias scores indicated that during the training only the group with active tDCS and real ABM displayed an overall avoidance bias (p < 0.05). From pre- to postassessment, there were no main or interaction effects of tDCS and ABM on the bias scores, craving, or relapse (p > 0.2). However, effects on relapse after active tDCS were in the expected direction. Conclusions: There was no evidence of a beneficial effect of tDCS or ABM or the combination. Whether the absence of effect was due to issues with the outcome measurements (e.g., lack of craving, high dropout, and unreliable measurements) or aspects of the intervention should be further investigated.
Potential Role of Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors in Improving Functional Outcome after Stroke$$$ The great advances in acute stroke treatment during the last decades have changed life after stroke considerably. However, the use of intravenous thrombolysis and endovascular thrombectomy is limited by a relatively narrow time window or contraindications for treatment. Further, patients receiving acute reperfusion therapies may still have cognitive and emotional complications due to underlying brain infarcts even though physical problems may almost disappear. Consequently, stroke is still a frequent cause of adult disability and death worldwide, and an effort to identify additional treatments to enhance recovery, preferably also feasible in the time after the acute phase, is warranted. Albeit several drugs and treatment modalities have been studied for their potential to enhance recovery after stroke, no treatment has unambiguously proven to potentiate the rehabilitation process. A promising candidate for pharmacological treatment is selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), a group of commonly used antidepressants that may also possess neuro-regenerative properties. The current paper reviews the evidence for SSRIs as potential enhancers of stroke recovery and discusses the potential mechanisms behind the effects reported and the implications for the management of patients post-stoke, including potential adverse events and drug–drug interactions.
Cerebral Oxygen Saturation during Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Secondary Analysis of a Randomized Crossover Trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) causes acute changes in cerebral perfusion and oxygenation. Near-infrared spectroscopy is a novel, noninvasive technique to assess cerebral oxygen saturation (cSO2). We hypothesized that cSO2 increases during ECT and more so with atropine premedication and decreases when systemic desaturation (peripheral oxygen saturation <90%) occurs during ECT. Methods: We performed a secondary analysis of a randomized trial of patients undergoing ECT for psychiatric illness during a 6-month period. During the second ECT session, patients were randomly assigned to receive either 0.01 mg/kg IV atropine or no atropine. During the third ECT session, patients were crossed over. Standard anesthetic management was performed. Data with regard to heart rate, blood pressure, peripheral oxygen saturation, and cSO2 were collected at baseline and continuously examined for 5 minutes from delivery of ECT stimulus. Results: Forty-one patients underwent 82 ECT sessions. ECT resulted in significant increase in cSO2 during both the atropine and the no-atropine sessions (P<0.001 for both) but no between-session difference was observed (mean difference, 1.9±2.0; 95% confidence interval, -2.0, 5.9; P=0.337). The cSO2 values were lower in patients who developed systemic desaturation when compared with the cSO2 values in those who did not (mean difference, 5.0±2.6; 95% confidence interval -0.1, 10.2; P=0.054). However, the mean cSO2 was >60% at any measured time point, even in those with systemic desaturation. Conclusions: ECT increased cSO2 irrespective of atropine premedication. cSO2 was lower when systemic desaturation occurred. Future studies should explore the effect of cerebral oxygenation changes during ECT on outcome of psychiatric conditions.
Current status of cognitive remediation for psychiatric disorders: A review$$$ Cognition is an important factor that affects daily functioning and quality of life. Impairment in cognitive function is a common symptom present in various psychological disorders, which hinders patients from functioning normally. Given that cognitive impairment has devastating effects, enhancing this in patients should lead to improvements in compromised quality of life and functioning, including vocational functioning. Over the past 50 years, several attempts have been made to improve impaired cognition, and empirical evidence for cognitive remediation (CR) has accumulated that supports its efficacy for treating schizophrenia. More recently, CR has been successfully applied in the treatment of depressive disorders, bipolar disorders, attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder, and anorexia nervosa. This study critically reviews recent CR studies and suggests their future direction. This study aimed to provide a modern definition of CR, and examine the current status of empirical evidence and representative CR programs that are widely used around the world.
Effects of rTMS on three cortical areas in Parkinson's Disease$$$ Objective: To evaluate the role of rTMS over primary motor area, premotor area, supplementary motor area in Parkinsons Disease. Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) presents with characteristic motor symptoms such as tremor, rigidity, bradykinesia, problems with gait. The benefits of available standalone pharmacotherapy in managing the symptoms of PD wane off eventually; compromising the quality of life. We evaluated if neuromodulation by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at three cortical foci alleviate the severity of motor symptoms of medicated PD patients of northern India. Methods: Patients with PD presenting to the outpatient department and meeting the clinical inclusion criteria were enrolled in the randomized, single blind, sham-controlled, prospective study after obtaining due informed consent. The patients were randomly assigned to one of three groups (Motor area (M1), n=13; Premotor area (PMA), n = 18; Supplementary Motor area (SMA), n =19). All subjects received 4 sessions (once per week) of Sham stimulation followed by 4 sessions (once per week) of real stimulation. During each session subjects received 3000 stimulations at 1 Hz (at M1), 1 Hz (at PMA) and 5 Hz (at SMA).Sham TMS was given under identical settings as real rTMS with a sham coil. Stimulation and evaluation were both done during ON phase. The primary outcome measures were change of scores [validated clinical scales: UPDRS, PDQ39, HAMA, HAMD, Purdue Peg Board (PPB)] from baseline after sham and real rTMS. Results: Comparisons between three groups (cortical foci) yielded significant improvements after real TMS compared to sham as reflected by UPDRS II (p=0.002), UPDRS III (p=0.002) and PDQ39 [Mobility (p=0.006) ADL (p=0.012)], PPB Right (p=0.001), PPB Left (p=0.003), PPB Assembly(p<0.001). These improvements were notable in M1 and SMA groups but not in PMA. Conclusions: Treatment by rTMS over M1 and SMA offered significant clinical benefits as compared to pharmacotherapy alone. As there is evidence of geographic and ethnic trends in PD distribution, the present results suggest improvements in PD patients of the studied population. This merits detailed investigation of rTMS with a larger sample size and longer follow up in this patient pool.
Neuromodulation by rTMS in Parkinsons Disease: A fMRI Study$$$ Objective: To compare the efficacy of rTMS [when given at primary motor area (MA), pre-motor area (PMA), supplementary motor area (SMA)] in Patients with Parkinson's disease (PWP). Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is known to modulate cortical plasticity. We evaluated effects rTMS at three cortical-foci in alleviating the severity of motor symptoms of PWP. Methods: This was a randomized, single blind, sham-controlled, prospective study. The patients were randomly assigned to one of three groups MA (n=13); PMA (n = 18); SMA (n =19). The PWP received 3000 stimulations (sham followed by real) at 1 Hz(at MA), 1 Hz(at PMA) and 5 Hz(at SMA). All PWP received 4 sessions of sham rTMS followed by 4 sessions of real rTMS. The primary outcome measures were change of scores [validated clinical scales: UPDRS, PDQ39, HAMA, HAMD, PurduePegBoard(PPB)] from baseline after sham and real rTMS. A BOLD fMRI visuospatial task (acquired on 3T Phillips Achieva) was used to assess functional cortical plasticity outcomes. Results: We observed significant improvements after real TMS compared to sham as reflected by UPDRS II (p=0.002), UPDRS III (p=0.002) and PDQ39 [Mobility (p=0.006) ADL (p=0.012)], PPB Right (p=0.001), PPB Left (p=0.003), PPB Assembly (p<0.001). These improvements were notable in MA and SMA groups but not in PMA along with task dependant activations. Significant activations were observed in MA and parietal association areas. Conclusions: Clinically rTMS over MA and SMA offered significant benefits. This was corroborated by post TMS inhibition in MA and PMA and stimulation in SMA as seen by BOLD activity. A further investigation into the effects of rTMS using fMRI would give better insight into disease mechanisms.
The Comparison of the Effects of Combined Therapy Using Clozapine and Risperidone with the Effects of Using Clozapine and ECT in Patients with Clozapine Treatment-Resistant Schizophrenia$$$ Background and objective: In spite of the effectiveness of antipsychotic medications in treating patients with schizophrenia, the presence of resistance to medications in these patients poses the need for new meditational combinations to enhance the treatment of them. This study has been conducted aimed at making a comparison between the effects of combined therapy using clozapine and risperidone with the effects of using clozapine and ECT in patients with schizophrenia who had referred to the comprehensive psychiatric center in the city of Taft, in 2017. Martial and Method: In this clinical trial study, 30 patients with schizophrenia were randomly selected to receive the co-administration of clozapine and risperidone (15 patients) and the combination therapy of clozapine and ECT (15 patients). Before the intervention, both groups completed the questionnaire of the Positive and Negative Symptoms of Schizophrenia (PANSS). Both groups received the intervention for 6 sessions, 3 times a week. After the intervention (6 weeks later), both groups completed the questionnaire of the Positive and Negative Symptoms of Schizophrenia (PANSS) once more. The data obtained from the SPSS software, statistical samples, the chi-square test, and the paired t-test were analyzed. Results: The comparison of the indicators of the questionnaire PANSS before and after treatment in patients with the combined therapy of clozapine and risperidone with the patients with the combined therapy of clozapine and ECT showed that the factors of negative symptoms, disruption, and excitement were remarkably lower in the group that experienced the combined therapy of clozapine and ECT (P<.0.05). The indicators of positive symptoms, anxiety and depression were significantly weaker in the group that experienced clozapine and risperidone (P<.0.05). The decrease in the scores of the questionnaire PANSS was remarkably higher in the group that experienced clozapine and ECT (P <0.05). Conclusion: The results of this study indicated the effects of both the combined therapy of clozapine and risperidone as well as clozapine and ECT on the improvement of the positive and negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Therefore, both treatments have been effective in improving the positive and negative symptoms of patients with schizophrenia. However, considering the more significant reduction in the score of the questionnaire PANSS in the group with the combined therapy of clozapine and ECT, more studies are required to be done on this type of treatment.
Effect of action-based cognitive remediation on cognition and neural activity in bipolar disorder: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Cognitive impairment is present in bipolar disorder (BD) during the acute and remitted phases and hampers functional recovery. However, there is currently no clinically available treatment with direct and lasting effects on cognitive impairment in BD. We will examine the effect of a novel form of cognitive remediation, action-based cognitive remediation (ABCR), on cognitive impairment in patients with BD, and explore the neural substrates of potential treatment efficacy on cognition. Methods/design: The trial has a randomized, controlled, parallel-group design. In total, 58 patients with BD in full or partial remission aged 18-55 years with objective cognitive impairment will be recruited. Participants are randomized to 10 weeks of ABCR or a control group. Assessments encompassing neuropsychological testing and mood ratings, and questionnaires on subjective cognitive complaints, psychosocial functioning, and quality of life are carried out at baseline, after 2 weeks of treatment, after the end of treatment, and at a six-month-follow-up after treatment completion. Functional magnetic resonance imaging scans are performed at baseline and 2 weeks into treatment. The primary outcome is a cognitive composite score spanning verbal memory, attention, and executive function. Two complete data sets for 52 patients will provide a power of 80% to detect a clinically relevant between-group difference on the primary outcome. Behavioral data will be analyzed using mixed models in SPSS while MRI data will be analyzed with the FMRIB Expert Analysis Tool (FEAT). Early treatment-related changes in neural activity from baseline to week 2 will be investigated for the dorsal prefrontal cortex and hippocampus as the regions of interest and with an exploratory whole-brain analysis. Discussion: The results will provide insight into whether ABCR has beneficial effects on cognition and functioning in remitted patients with BD. The results will also provide insight into early changes in neural activity associated with improvement of cognition, which can aid future treatment development. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov, NCT03295305. Registered on 26 September 2017.
Response and remission rates following high-frequency vs. Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over right DLPFC for treating major depressive disorder (MDD): A meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind trials$$$ Background: High-frequency (HF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC) is the most widely applied treatment protocol for major depressive disorder (MDD), while low-frequency (LF) rTMS over the right DLPFC (R-DLPFC) also exhibits similar, if not better, efficacy for MDD. Therefore, a meta-analysis is warranted to compare the efficacy of the two protocols for MDD. Method: We searched the literature from 1990 through to August 1, 2017 using MEDLINE, and the literature from 1995 through to August 1, 2017 using EMBASE, PsycINFO, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), SCOPUS, and ProQuest Dissertations and Theses (PQDT). We included randomized controlled trials (RCT) comparing the efficacy of HF rTMS over the L-DLPFC and LF rTMS over the R-DLPFC for MDD, which used response and/or remission rates as the primary endpoints, with and without sham-controlled. Results: (1) The meta-analysis of the response rates was based on 12 studies, including 361 patients with MDD (175 for HF (> 5 Hz) over the L-DLPFC, and 186 for LF (< 5 Hz) over the R-DLPFC; odds ratio = 1.08; 95%, confidence interval = 0.88-1.34). (2) The meta-analysis of the remission rate was based on 5 studies, including 131 MDD patients (64 for HF over the L-DLPFC and 67 for LF over the R-DLPFC; odds ratio = 1.29; 95% confidence interval = 0.54-3.10). Conclusion: Both HF rTMS over the L-DLPFC and LF over the R-DLPFC demonstrated similar therapeutic efficacy for the treatment of patients with MDD. The results suggested that further investigation on treatment efficacy indicators before/during treatment is necessary and helpful for optimizing a personalized protocol for patients.
Effects of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation on brain function in treatment-resistant depression: A randomized sham-controlled neuroimaging study$$$ Background: Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) can quickly modulate brain activity and can be used to treat treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Whole-brain analytical research has revealed that left high-frequency PFC rTMS modulates brain activity in anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) and the fronto-cingulo-temporal circuit. We aimed to investigate whether the prefrontal TBS's antidepressant mechanisms involve these regions. Methods: We designed a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled neuroimaging study to investigate different mechanisms of TBS [i.e., continuous TBS (cTBS) and intermittent TBS (iTBS)]. This study included 56 TRD patients [67.8%: women; mean age (SD): 45.5 (10.6) years], who were randomly assigned to one of four groups [A: right prefrontal cTBS; B: left prefrontal iTBS; C: combined right prefrontal cTBS and left prefrontal iTBS; and D: sham-TBS]. We measured standard uptake values (SUV) of cerebral glucose metabolism, at rest, both before and after ten daily treatment sessions. Results: Group B and Group C had more responders than Group A and Group D (χ2 = 9.161, p = 0.027). In Group A, the SUV was significantly increased in the ACC and medial PFC (mPFC) after treatment, while the SUV was decreased in the right temporal cortex (p < 0.05, FWE-corrected for multiple comparisons). In contrast, in Group B, SUV was decreased in the ACC and mPFC and increased in the bilateral temporal cortex. Group C also had increased SUV in the bilateral temporal cortices. Conclusion: Instead of observing inhibitory or facilitatory effects on the targeted prefrontal cortex, we found that the two-week prefrontal TBS protocols primarily modulated the fronto-cingulo-temporal circuit.
Testing assumptions on prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation: Comparison of electrode montages using multimodal fMRI$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the prefrontal cortex (PFC) has been widely applied in cognitive neurosciences and advocated as a therapeutic intervention, e.g. in major depressive disorder. Although several targets and protocols have been suggested, comparative studies of tDCS parameters, particularly electrode montages and their cortical targets, are still lacking. Objective: This study investigated a priori hypotheses on specific effects of prefrontal-tDCS montages by using multimodal functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) in healthy participants. Methods: 28 healthy male participants underwent three common active-tDCS montages and sham tDCS in a pseudo-randomized order, comprising a total of 112 tDCS-fMRI sessions. Active tDCS was applied at 2 mA for 20 min. Before and after tDCS, a resting-state fMRI (RS fMRI) was recorded, followed by a task fMRI with a delayed-response working-memory (DWM) task for assessing cognitive control over emotionally negative or neutral distractors. Results: After tDCS with a cathode-F3/anode-F4 montage, RS-fMRI connectivity decreased in a medial part of the left PFC. Also, after the same stimulation condition, regional brain activity during DWM retrieval decreased more in this area after negative than after neutral distraction, and responses to the DWM task were faster, independent of distractor type. Conclusion: The current study does not confirm our a priori hypotheses on direction and localization of polarity-dependent tDCS effects using common bipolar electrode montages over PFC regions, but it provides evidence for montage-specific effects on multimodal neurophysiological and behavioral outcome measures. Systematic research on the actual targets and the respective dose-response relationships of prefrontal tDCS is warranted.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the right parietal cortex for comorbid generalized anxiety disorder and insomnia: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled pilot study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been considered to be a promising technique for the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders. However, little is known about the effectiveness of rTMS in the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Moreover, treatment data on comorbid GAD and insomnia remain lacking. The aim of this study was to examine the therapeutic effects of 1 Hz rTMS applied over the right parietal lobe on both anxiety and insomnia symptoms in patients with comorbid GAD and insomnia. Methods: 36 patients were randomized to either sham or active rTMS group (n = 18 each group). The rTMS was administered over the right posterior parietal cortex (P4 electrode site) at a frequency of 1 Hz and an intensity of 90% of the resting motor threshold. Results: Ten days of 1 Hz rTMS to the right parietal lobe significantly improved both anxiety and insomnia symptoms in the active group. Although the anxiety severity was not significantly correlated with insomnia severity at baseline, the improvement in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HRSA) scores were positively correlated with improvement in the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) scores. Conclusions: The present study is the first randomized sham-controlled study to assess the effectiveness of low frequency rTMS on the right parietal lobe in patients with comorbid GAD and insomnia. Our results suggested that 1 Hz low frequency rTMS administered over the parietal cortex is effective for both anxiety and insomnia symptoms in patients with comorbid GAD and insomnia.
Efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of adult unipolar and bipolar depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised sham-controlled trials$$$ We examined the efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation in adult unipolar and bipolar depression. Randomised sham-controlled trials of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and theta-burst stimulation (TBS), without co-initiation of another treatment, were included. We analysed effects on response, remission, all-cause discontinuation rates and continuous depression severity measures. Fifty-six studies met our criteria for inclusion (N = 3058, mean age = 44.96 years, 61.73% female). Response rates demonstrated efficacy of high-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC (OR = 3.75, 95% CI [2.44; 5.75]), right-sided low-frequency rTMS (OR = 7.44, 95%CI [2.06; 26.83]) bilateral rTMS (OR = 3.68,95%CI [1.66; 8.13]), deep TMS (OR = 1.69, 95%CI [1.003; 2.85]), intermittent TBS (OR = 4.70, 95%CI [1.14; 19.38]) and tDCS (OR = 4.17, 95% CI [2.25; 7.74]); but not for continuous TBS, bilateral TBS or synchronised TMS. There were no differences in all-cause discontinuation rates. The strongest evidence was for high-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC. Intermittent TBS provides an advance in terms of reduced treatment duration. tDCS is a potential treatment for non-treatment resistant depression. To date, there is not sufficient published data available to draw firm conclusions about the efficacy and acceptability of TBS and sTMS.
Peripheral blood SIRT1 mRNA levels in depression and treatment with electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Sirtuins are a family of nicotinamide adenine dinucleotide (NAD+) dependent enzymes that regulate cellular functions through deacetylation of protein targets. They have roles in both the periphery and central nervous system and have been implicated in depression biology. A recent genome-wide association study has identified a locus for major depression in the Sirtuin1 gene (SIRT1) and lower blood levels of SIRT1 mRNA in patients with depression have also been observed in two studies. To our knowledge, no studies have examined the effect of treatment on SIRT1 levels in patients with depression. We therefore examined SIRT1 mRNA levels in a well characterised group of patients with depression, compared to healthy controls, and characterised the effects of a course of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on peripheral blood SIRT1 mRNA. Depressed patients (n = 91) were matched to healthy controls (n = 85) on the basis of age and sex. In line with previous studies, blood SIRT1 mRNA levels were lower in depressed patients in comparison to controls (p = 0.005). However, ECT had no effect on SIRT1 levels (p = 0.67). There was no relationship between baseline pre-ECT SIRT1 levels and depression severity, change in mood scores, suicidality, depression polarity, presence of psychosis, or response to treatment. There was a trend for a negative association between an increase in SIRT1 mRNA and a decrease in HAM-D24 scores in ECT responders and remitters. These results indicate that reduced peripheral blood SIRT1 mRNA could be a trait feature of depression.
Ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy for depressive disorder: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for depressive disorder. Sub-anesthetic dose of ketamine exerts a rapid and robust antidepressive effect. However, it is still unclear whether ketamine usage in ECT is efficacious as an antidepressant. We aimed to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effects of ketamine in ECT among patients with depressive disorder. MEDLINE, EMBASE, the CENTRAL and PsycINFO for randomized controlled trials were searched to assess the effects of ketamine used in ECT until 31 Mar 2018 (PROSPERO: CRD42018081024). Sixteen studies including 928 patients were enrolled. At the end of ECT, no significant standardized mean difference (SMD) was observed in favor of the ketamine group. Depressive scores were lower in the ketamine group after 1st ECT and 3rd to 6th ECTs. The depressive scores were lower after 2nd, 3rd, 4th and 6th ECTs when the ketamine was used as an add-on anesthetic, while the depressive scores were lower after 1st ECT when ketamine alone was used. Ketamine in ECT showed no better response and remission rate, while increased adverse events, especially related to cardiovascular and psychiatric systems, during the whole ECT course. In conclusion, although ketamine used in ECT cannot reduce the depressive symptoms at the end of treatment, it could accelerate the antidepressive effect in depressive patients receiving ECT, especially in those who used ketamine as an add-on anesthetic. However, ketamine cautiously needs to be administered in ECT due to the possibility of increased risk of side effects.
Therapeutic Applications of Noninvasive Neuromodulation in Children and Adolescents$$$ Recent advances and growing evidence supporting the safety and efficacy of noninvasive neuromodulatory techniques in adults have facilitated the study of neuromodulation applications in children and adolescents. Noninvasive brain stimulation methods such as transcranial direct current stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation have been considered in children with depression, autism spectrum disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, and other neuropsychiatric disorders. However, current clinical applications of neuromodulation techniques in children and adolescents are nascent. There is a great need for developmentally informed, large, double-blinded, randomized, controlled clinical trials to demonstrate efficacy and safety of noninvasive brain stimulation in children and adolescents.
Clinical Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Posttraumatic Stress Disorder, Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and Bipolar Disorder$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is being investigated for psychiatric disorders such as posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD), and both phases of bipolar disorder. Case series, open trials, and randomized controlled studies have demonstrated preliminary support for treating PTSD with rTMS alone as well as with rTMS combined with psychotherapy. Similarly, there is some evidence that GAD can be treated with rTMS. The results for treating either phase of bipolar disorder are mixed with most of the current studies showing lack of benefit over sham. Further study is required before rTMS can be recommended for these disorders.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Psychiatric Disorders: A Comprehensive Review$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation technique that has been gaining favor as a viable tool in Psychiatry. The purpose of this review is to summarize the evidence of tDCS as a treatment of disorders such as depression, schizophrenia, and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Current findings indicate that tDCS is probably effective in non-treatment-resistant depressive patients. Regarding schizophrenia and OCD, present evidence is not robust enough, although preliminary results indicate that tDCS is a promising technique. Therefore, more trials are needed before using tDCS in a clinical setting.
Current evidence on transcranial magnetic stimulation and its potential usefulness in post-stroke neurorehabilitation: Opening new doors to the treatment of cerebrovascular disease$$$ Introducción: La estimulación magnética transcraneal repetitiva (EMTr) constituye una realidad terapéutica en la rehabilitación postictus, ya que confiere efectos neuroprotectores incidiendo favorablemente en la modulación de la neuroplasticidad (NP), ayudando así al cerebro en su capacidad para readaptar circuitos neuronales y, con ello, la restauración y adquisición de nuevas habilidades compensatorias. Desarrollo: Búsqueda de artículos en PubMed, últimos libros y recomendaciones de las guías de práctica clínica y sociedades científicas publicadas más relevantes, referentes al uso terapéutico de la EMTr en la rehabilitación de pacientes con ictus. Se incluyen las evidencias y recomendaciones según los criterios de la International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology (2014) al respecto. Conclusiones: La identificación de pacientes con ictus subsidiarios de recibir EMTr es importante para acelerar la fase de recuperación. La EMTr ha demostrado ser segura y efectiva para tratar los déficits que aparecen tras un ictus. Los pulsos electromagnéticos excitatorios e inhibitorios aplicados en el hemisferio cerebral ipsolateral o contralateral a la lesión, respectivamente, así como a nivel transcalloso para regular la comunicación interhemisférica cerebral, nos brindan la posibilidad de optimizar la actividad cerebral funcional. Los diferentes estudios realizados sobre EMTr han demostrado la mejoría de los trastornos motores, la afasia, la disartria, la disfagia orofaríngea, la depresión y las dificultades perceptivo-cognitivas que aparecen en estos pacientes. Sin embargo, se necesitan ensayos clínicos controlados, aleatorizados, bien diseñados, que incluyan a un mayor número de pacientes, para poder recomendar con un mayor nivel de evidencia y de forma generalizada, la utilización adecuada de la EMTr en los enfermos afectados por un ictus. Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a therapeutic reality in post-stroke rehabilitation. It has a neuroprotective effect on the modulation of neuroplasticity, improving the brain's capacity to retrain neural circuits and promoting restoration and acquisition of new compensatory skills. Development: We conducted a literature search on PubMed and also gathered the latest books, clinical practice guidelines, and recommendations published by the most prominent scientific societies concerning the therapeutic use of rTMS in the rehabilitation of stroke patients. The criteria of the International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology (2014) were followed regarding the inclusion of all evidence and recommendations. Conclusions: Identifying stroke patients who are eligible for rTMS is essential to accelerate their recovery. rTMS has proven to be safe and effective for treating stroke complications. Functional brain activity can be optimised by applying excitatory or inhibitory electromagnetic pulses to the hemisphere ipsilateral or contralateral to the lesion, respectively, as well as at the level of the transcallosal pathway to regulate interhemispheric communication. Different studies of rTMS in these patients have resulted in improvements in motor disorders, aphasia, dysarthria, oropharyngeal dysphagia, depression, and perceptual-cognitive deficits. However, further well-designed randomized controlled clinical trials with larger sample size are needed to recommend with a higher level of evidence, proper implementation of rTMS use in stroke subjects on a widespread basis.
Superior anti-suicidal effects of electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar disorder and bipolar depression$$$ Objectives: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has long been believed to reduce suicidal tendencies in patients with affective disorders; however, ECT recipients, who constitute the most severely ill and suicidal patients, are not eligible to participate in head-to-head randomized controlled trials. Large-scale studies are required to investigate the anti-suicidal effects of ECT vs psychopharmacotherapy. Methods: A nationwide retrospective cohort study design was used. Data were obtained from the Taiwan National Health Insurance Research Database. Inpatients with unipolar disorder or bipolar disorder who received ECT (n = 487) were observed from 1 January 2000 to 31 December 2013 for suicide events. The non-ECT control cohort consisted of inpatients with psychopharmacotherapy randomly matched (ratio, 1:4) by age, sex, and diagnosis. Results: After potential confounds had been accounted for, the adjusted hazard ratio (HR) was 0.803, indicating that ECT recipients showed a 19.7% lower risk of suicide than control individuals. The stratum-specific adjusted HR was 0.79 in patients with unipolar disorder (P =.041) and 0.923 in patients with bipolar disorder (P =.254). Upon further stratification of the patients with bipolar disorder by their affective states, the adjusted HR was 0.805 (P =.046) for bipolar depression, 1.048 for bipolar mania (P =.538), and 0.976 for mixed bipolar state (P =.126). Conclusions: Compared with psychopharmacotherapy, ECT exerted superior anti-suicidal effects in patients with unipolar disorder and bipolar depression; however, there was a lack of superior anti-suicidal effects of ECT in the treatment of patients with bipolar mania and mixed state.
Right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy does not cause more cognitive impairment than pharmacologic treatment in treatment-resistant bipolar depression: A 6-month randomized controlled trial follow-up study$$$ Objectives: Electroconvulsive therapy is an effective treatment for bipolar depression, but there are concerns about whether it causes long-term neurocognitive impairment. Methods: In this multicenter randomized controlled trial, in-patients with treatment-resistant bipolar depression were randomized to either algorithm-based pharmacologic treatment or right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy. After the 6-week treatment period, all of the patients received maintenance pharmacotherapy as recommended by their clinician guided by a relevant treatment algorithm. Patients were assessed at baseline and at 6 months. Neurocognitive functions were assessed using the Measurement and Treatment Research to Improve Cognition in Schizophrenia (MATRICS) Consensus Cognitive Battery, and autobiographical memory consistency was assessed using the Autobiographical Memory Interview-Short Form. Results: Seventy-three patients entered the trial, of whom 51 and 26 completed neurocognitive assessments at baseline and 6 months, respectively. The MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery composite score improved by 4.1 points in both groups (P =.042) from baseline to 6 months (from 40.8 to 44.9 and from 41.9 to 46.0 in the algorithm-based pharmacologic treatment and electroconvulsive therapy groups, respectively). The Autobiographical Memory Interview-Short Form consistency scores were reduced in both groups (72.3% vs 64.3% in the algorithm-based pharmacologic treatment and electroconvulsive therapy groups, respectively; P =.085). Conclusions: This study did not find that right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy caused long-term impairment in neurocognitive functions compared to algorithm-based pharmacologic treatment in bipolar depression as measured using standard neuropsychological tests, but due to the low number of patients in the study the results should be interpreted with caution. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00664976.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in the Acute Depressive Episode: A Systematic Review of Current Knowledge$$$ Major depressive disorder is a severe, refractory mental disorder. Only one third of patients treated with antidepressants achieve remission after 3 trials, while subject to adverse effects. Therefore, the investigation of alternative treatments is paramount. The aim of this systematic review was to summarize the most recent evidence of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) intervention for the acute phase of major depressive disorder. A PubMed search was performed including the terms "transcranial direct current stimulation" OR "transcranial direct stimulation" OR "tDCS" AND "major depressive disorder" OR "major depression" OR "depression" AND "trial." The search was conducted from inception until February 2018. Our search yielded initially 165 results, and 14 randomized clinical trials were included according to eligibility criteria. Most studies were pilot studies, with mixed findings. Two large randomized clinical trials recently published also presented primary negative findings. Study protocols usually used anodal left/cathodal right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation, 1 to 2.5 mA, and 5 to 20 tDCS sessions. We discuss the limitations of the included trials, such as sample and tDCS parameters heterogeneity between studies. To conclude, tDCS seems to be safe and devoid of serious adverse effects, although robust efficacy has not been consistently demonstrated in clinical trials assessing an acute treatment course of up to 4 weeks. Further directions are discussed, such as parameter individualization, investigation of biological markers, and home-use tDCS.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on treatment-resistant major depression in US veterans: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Importance: Treatment-resistant major depression (TRMD) in veterans is a major clinical challenge given the high risk for suicidality in these patients. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) offers the potential for a novel treatment modality for these veterans. Objective: To determine the efficacy of rTMS in the treatment of TRMD in veterans. Design, Setting, and Participants: A double-blind, sham-controlled randomized clinical trial was conducted from September 1, 2012, to December 31, 2016, in 9 Veterans Affairs medical centers. A total of 164 veterans with TRD participated. Interventions: Participants were randomized to either left prefrontal rTMS treatment (10 Hz, 120% motor threshold, 4000 pulses/session) or to sham (control) rTMS treatment for up to 30 treatment sessions. Main Outcomes and Measures: The primary dependent measure of the intention-to-treat analysis was remission rate (Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score ≤10, indicating that depression is in remission and not a clinically significant burden), and secondary analyses were conducted on other indices of posttraumatic stress disorder, depression, hopelessness, suicidality, and quality of life. Results: The 164 participants had a mean (SD) age of 55.2 (12.4) years, 132 (80.5%) were men, and 126 (76.8%) were of white race. Of these, 81 were randomized to receive active rTMS and 83 to receive sham. For the primary analysis of remission, there was no significant effect of treatment (odds ratio, 1.16; 95%CI, 0.59-2.26; P = .67). At the end of the acute treatment phase, 33 of 81 (40.7%) of those in the active treatment group achieved remission of depressive symptoms compared with 31 of 83 (37.4%) of those in the sham treatment group. Overall, 64 of 164 (39.0%) of the participants achieved remission. Conclusions and Relevance: A total of 39.0%of the veterans who participated in this trial experienced clinically significant improvement resulting in remission of depressive symptoms; however, there was no evidence of difference in remission rates between the active and sham treatments. These findings may reflect the importance of close clinical surveillance, rigorous monitoring of concomitant medication, and regular interaction with clinic staff in bringing about significant improvement in this treatment-resistant population.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation May Improve Cognitive-Motor Function in Functionally Limited Older Adults$$$ Objective. To determine the effects of a transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) intervention with the anode placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and cathode over the right supraorbital region, on cognition, mobility, and “dual-task” standing and walking in older adults with mild-to-moderate motor and cognitive impairments. Methods. A double-blinded, block-randomized, sham-controlled trial was conducted in 18 nondemented, ambulatory adults aged ⩾65 years with slow walking speed (⩽1.0 m/s) and “executive” dysfunction (Trail Making Test B score ⩽25th percentile of age- and education-matched norms). Interventions included ten 20-minute sessions of tDCS or sham stimulation. Cognition, mobility, and dual-task standing and walking were assessed at baseline, postintervention, and 2 weeks thereafter. Dual tasking was also assessed immediately before and after the first tDCS session. Results. Intervention compliance was high (mean ± SD = 9.5 ± 1.1 sessions) and no unexpected or serious side effects were reported. tDCS, compared with sham, induced improvements in the Montreal Cognitive Assessment total score (P =.03) and specifically within the executive function subscore of this test (P =.002), and in several metrics of dual-task standing and walking (P <.05). Each of these effects persisted for 2 weeks. tDCS had no effect on the Timed Up-and-Go test of mobility or the Geriatric Depression Scale. Those participants who exhibited larger improvements in dual-task standing posture following the first tDCS session exhibited larger cognitive-motor improvements following 2 weeks of tDCS (P <.04). Interpretation. tDCS intervention designed to stimulate the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may improve executive function and dual tasking in older adults with functional limitations.
Characterizing, Assessing, and Treating Cognitive Dysfunction in Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Learning objectives After participating in this activity, learners should be better able to: • Characterize cognitive dysfunction in patients with major depressive disorder. • Evaluate approaches to treating cognitive dysfunction in patients with major depressive disorder. Abstract Cognitive dysfunction is a core psychopathological domain in major depressive disorder (MDD) and is no longer considered to be a pseudo-specific phenomenon. Cognitive dysfunction in MDD is a principal determinant of patient-reported outcomes, which, hitherto, have been insufficiently targeted with existing multimodal treatments for MDD. The neural structures and substructures subserving cognitive function in MDD overlap with, yet are discrete from, those subserving emotion processing and affect regulation. Several modifiable factors influence the presence and extent of cognitive dysfunction in MDD, including clinical features (e.g., episode frequency and illness duration), comorbidity (e.g., obesity and diabetes), and iatrogenic artefact. Screening and measurement tools that comport with the clinical ecosystem are available to detect and measure cognitive function in MDD. Notwithstanding the availability of select antidepressants capable of exerting procognitive effects, most have not been sufficiently studied or rigorously evaluated. Promising pharmacological avenues, as well as psychosocial, behavioral, chronotherapeutic, and complementary alternative approaches, are currently being investigated.
Anesthesia for Electroconvulsive Therapy: an Update$$$ Purpose of Review: The purpose of this review is to discuss the safety and therapeutic effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), research advances in neurobiology of depression and antidepressant mechanisms of general anesthetics, and make recommendations applicable to anesthesia practice in the ECT suite. Recent Findings: Recent epidemiological studies reported 0.08–0.75% 30-day mortality after ECT, with falls and cardiopulmonary complications as the most frequent adverse events. Advanced age (65 years and older) and ischemic heart disease are risk factors for adverse events after ECT. Animal and human research proposed two novel hypotheses of depression: a neurotrophic one and one of impaired connectivity. Studies utilizing biomarkers and functional imaging suggest that the antidepressant effect of ECT and ketamine is a result of the improved neuroplasticity in the brain via stimulation of brain-derived neurotrophic factor. Recent randomized controlled studies evaluating various doses of ketamine for anesthesia for ECT are inconclusive. One well-designed study did not demonstrate the beneficial effect of ketamine on depression and cognition. Ketamine as a sole anesthetic in ECT seems to be safe, but its effect on long-term outcomes after ECT is unclear. Summary: Risks and benefits of ECT should be carefully considered, particularly in patients older than 65 years, and with ischemic heart disease. Anesthesia should be adjusted to assure a good- quality seizure during ECT. Along with previously recommended methohexital and etomidate, ketamine may be also safely used for anesthesia in ECT.
A two-site, open-label, non-randomized update, suggests focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST) may have a reduced time to re-orientation compared to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (UBP-RUL ECT)$$$ Objective: To compare the efficacy, and cognitive side effect burden of Focal Electrically Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST), and Right Unilateral Ultra-Brief Pulse Electroconvulsive therapy (UBP-RUL-ECT). Background: FEASTisa form of ECTwhich maximally focuses the electrical stimulus to the frontal lobe. Recent open-label studies suggest that FEAST's enhanced focality may lead to reduced cognitive side effects (1, 2), however there are no studies directly comparing FEAST to other forms of ECT (such as UBP-RUL-ECT). Methods: In a non-randomized, open-label fashion, 28 depressed adults were recruited after being referred for ECT. Seventeen received FEAST (12 women; age 44.8±13.4), and 9 received UBP-RUL-ECT(6women; age 45.3±15.6). The time to reorientation, a predictor of amnestic effects, was assessed at each treatment and served as our marker of cognitive side effect burden. Efficacy was assessed prior to, and after the treatment course using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24). Results: Those receiving FEAST, had a numeric reduction in median time to reorientation (FEAST = 5.1±4.9 minutes; UBP-RUL-ECT = 7.9±7.4 minutes; p=0.35). There was a numeric advantage for both average reduction in HRSD24 (average reduction: FEAST = 58.5±18.0%; UBP-RUL-ECT = 65.0±20.6%; p=.40, and response rate (50% reduction in HRSD24: FEAST = 64%; UBP-RUL-ECT = 78%) in favor of UBP-RUL-ECT. Conclusions: This data further supports the hypothesis that treatment with FEAST may have a milder cognitive side effect profile as compared to conventional ECT. While FEAST displays a marked antidepressant effect, it continues to remain unclear if it is as efficacious as UBP-RUL-ECT. Disclosures: This study was supported in part by an unrestricted educational grant from the MECTA Corporation. The MECTA Corporation also provided a custom-modified MECTA spECTrum 5000Q device. Dr. Sackeim is the inventor on a patent for FEAST (US8712532 B2) and serves as a consultant to the MECTA Corporation and Neuronetics, Inc.
International Society for ECT and Neurostimulation Annual Meeting Abstracts 2018$$$ The proceedings contain 19 papers. The topics discussed include: a systematic review and meta-analysis of adverse events associated with repeated sessions of tDCS; the anaesthetic-ECT time interval with thiopentone; electroconvulsive therapy may be more underutilized than we realize: data from privately insured Americans; treating treatment-resistant PTSD with ECT: systematic review, proposed mechanism of how ECT might help in PTSD, and how research should move forward?; the resolution of persistent auditory verbal hallucinations after long-term maintenance ECT in a patient with clozapine-resistant schizophrenia; predictors of cognitive deficits in depressed patients treated with electro convulsive therapy (ECT), a systematic review; a two-site, open-label, non-randomized update, suggests focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST) may have a reduced time to re-orientation compared to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (UBP-RUL ECT); impact of the change from propofol to ethomidate on post ictal supression during ECT treatment; electroconvulsive therapy in a patient with unrepaired splenic artery aneurysm: a case report and literature review; non-consenting and consenting patients' satisfaction after electroconvulsive therapy; moving toward an evidence-based protocol for electroconvulsive therapy; electroconvulsive therapy in a patient with chronic inflammatory demyelinating polyneuropathy: case report and literature review; and electroconvulsive therapy in patients with deep brain stimulators: a review of the literature and a case report.
Neurotrophins, cytokines, oxidative stress mediators and mood state in bipolar disorder: Systematic review and meta-analyses$$$ Background A reliable biomarker signature for bipolar disorder sensitive to illness phase would be of considerable clinical benefit. Among circulating blood-derived markers there has been a significant amount of research into inflammatory markers, neurotrophins and oxidative stress markers.Aims To synthesise and interpret existing evidence of inflammatory markers, neurotrophins and oxidative stress markers in bipolar disorder focusing on the mood phase of illness.Method Following PRISMA (Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic reviews and Meta-analyses) guidelines, a systematic review was conducted for studies investigating peripheral biomarkers in bipolar disorder compared with healthy controls. We searched Medline, Embase, PsycINFO, SciELO and Web of Science, and separated studies by bipolar mood phase (mania, depression and euthymia). Extracted data on each biomarker in separate mood phases were synthesised using random-effects model meta-analyses.Results In total, 53 studies were included, comprising 2467 cases and 2360 controls. Fourteen biomarkers were identified from meta-analyses of three or more studies. No biomarker differentiated mood phase in bipolar disorder individually. Biomarker meta-analyses suggest a combination of high-sensitivity C-reactive protein/interleukin-6, brain derived neurotrophic factor/tumour necrosis factor (TNF)-α and soluble TNF-α receptor 1 can differentiate specific mood phase in bipolar disorder. Several other biomarkers of interest were identified.Conclusions Combining biomarker results could differentiate individuals with bipolar disorder from healthy controls and indicate a specific mood-phase signature. Future research should seek to test these combinations of biomarkers in longitudinal studies.Declaration of interest None.
Plasma biomarkers in a placebo-controlled trial comparing tDCS and escitalopram efficacy in major depression$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) holds promise as a therapeutic intervention for major depressive disorder (MDD). A more precise understanding of its underlying mechanisms may aid in the identification of subsets of patients responsive to tDCS within the context of precision psychiatry. Objective: In this ancillary investigation of the Escitalopram vs. Electrical Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study (ELECT-TDCS), we investigated whether plasma levels of several cytokines and neurotrophic factors associated with major depression or antidepressant response predicted tDCS effects. Methods: We examined, in 236 patients at 3 timepoints during a 10-week treatment course, plasma levels of nerve growth factor (NGF), brain-derived (BDNF), glial-cell line derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF), the interleukins (IL) IL-1ß IL-6, IL-8, IL-10, IL-12p70, IL-18, IL-33, tumor necrosis factor-alpha (TNF-alpha), and its soluble receptors sTNFr1 and sTNFr2. General linear models and mixed-models analyses of variance were used to respectively assess whether plasma levels of these molecules (1) predicted tDCS antidepressant improvement and (2) changed over time. Results: After correction for multiple comparisons (false discovery rate method), NGF baseline levels predicted early depression improvement for tDCS vs. escitalopram, whilst other biomarkers did not significantly predict treatment improvement. The levels of IL12p70, IL10, IL-1ß IL-8 and sTNFr1 decreased over time, regardless of allocation group and clinical response. Conclusion: In general, peripheral biomarkers were not associated with the outcome. The post-hoc finding of baseline NGF levels predicting early depression improvement for tDCS should be explored in further studies.
A systematic review of cognitive predictors of treatment outcome in major depression$$$ Background: Research suggests that only 50% of patients with major depression respond to psychotherapy or pharmacological treatment, and relapse is common. Therefore, there is interest in elucidating factors that help predict clinical response. Cognitive impairment is a key feature of depression, which often persists beyond remission; thus, the aim of this systematic review was to determine whether baseline cognitive functioning can predict treatment outcomes in individuals with depression. Method: Studies examining cognitive predictors of treatment response in depression were identified using Pub Med and Web of Science databases. Given the heterogeneity of outcome measures, the variety of treatment protocols, and the differing ways in which data was presented and analyzed, a narrative rather than meta-analytic review technique was used. Results: 39 studies met inclusion criteria. Findings in younger adult samples were inconclusive. There was some evidence for a predictive effect of executive function and to a lesser extent, psychomotor speed, on treatment response. There was no evidence of learning or memory being associated with treatment response. In older-aged samples, the evidence was much more consistent, suggesting that poor executive function predicts poor response to SSRIs. Conclusions: Findings from the present review suggest that certain aspects of cognitive functioning, particularly executive function, may be useful in predicting treatment response in depression. This is certainly the case in elderly samples, with evidence suggesting that poor executive functioning predicts poor response to SSRIs. With further research, baseline cognitive functioning may serve as a factor which helps guide clinical decision making. Moreover, cognitive deficits may become targets for specific pharmacological or psychological treatments, with the hope of improving overall outcome.
The current state of deep brain stimulation for chronic pain and its context in other forms of neuromodulation$$$ Chronic intractable pain is debilitating for those touched, affecting 5% of the population. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has fallen out of favour as the centrally implantable neurostimulation of choice for chronic pain since the 1970–1980s, with some neurosurgeons favouring motor cortex stimulation as the ‘last chance saloon’. This article reviews the available data and professional opinion of the current state of DBS as a treatment for chronic pain, placing it in the context of other neuromodulation therapies. We suggest DBS, with its newer target, namely anterior cingulate cortex (ACC), should not be blacklisted on the basis of a lack of good quality study data, which often fails to capture the merits of the treatment.
Optimizing electrode montages of transcranial direct current stimulation for attentional bias modification in early abstinent methamphetamine users$$$ Introduction: Chronic use of most psychoactive drugs may lead to substance dependence and drug addiction. Drug addiction is a chronically relapsing disorder, and current pharmacological and behavioral therapies are not fully efficient. Attentional bias (AB) is hypothesized to have a causal contribution to substance abuse, addiction development and, maintenance. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been of increasing interest in the past few years as a means for modulating neuroplasticity of the human brain. Although several studies have reported promising therapeutic effects for tDCS in drug abusers, there is no consensus about optimal electrode montages and target brain regions. This study was aimed to compare effectiveness of several electrode montages in modifying AB. Methods and Materials: Ninety early-abstinent methamphetamine users were recruited from several residential drug-rehabilitation centers in Tehran province. They were randomly assigned to six groups with different electrode montages, targeting the left or right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) as follows: Two conditions with anodal tDCS over the right DLPFC (return electrode placed over the left shoulder or left supraorbital ridge), three conditions with the anode positioned over the left DLPFC (return electrode over the right shoulder, right supraorbital ridge, or contralateral DLPFC), and one sham condition. Active stimulation intensity was 2 mA DC, delivered for 13 min followed by a 20-min rest and another 13 min of stimulation. The probe detection task (PDT) was performed to assess AB. The positive and negative affect scale (PANAS), and the depression anxiety stress scales (DASS) were used to assess baseline affective status before the intervention. Results: Mixed model analysis showed that the left DLPFC/right shoulder and left DLPFC/right DLPFC montages reduced AB toward drug-cues in comparison with sham stimulation. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that anodal stimulation over the left DLPFC reduces AB in methamphetamine users. This study offers promising findings for further studies investigating tDCS as a clinical device to modify AB in drug users.
Disentangling the neural basis of cognitive behavioral therapy in psychiatric disorders: A focus on depression$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) stands among the most frequent psychiatric disorders. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) has been shown to be effective for treating depression, yet its neural mechanisms of action are not well elucidated. The objective of this work is to assess the available neuroimaging studies exploring CBT’s effects in adult patients with MDD. Methods: Computerized databases were consulted till April 2018 and a research was conducted according to PRISMA guidelines in order to identify original research articles published at any time in English and French languages on this topic. Results: Seventeen studies were identified. Only one study was randomized comparing CBT to pharmacological interventions, and none included an effective control. Following CBT, changes occurred in cerebral areas that are part of the fronto-limbic system, namely the cingulate cortex, prefrontal cortex and amygdala-hippocampal complex. However, the pattern of activation and connectivity in these areas varied across the studies. Conclusion: A considerable heterogeneity exists with regard to study design, adapted CBT type and intensity, and employed neuroimaging paradigms, all of which may partly explain the difference in studies’ outcomes. The lack of randomization and effective controls in most of them makes it difficult to draw formal conclusion whether the observed effects are CBT mediated or due to spontaneous recovery. Despite the observed inconsistencies and dearth of data, CBT appears to exert its anti-depressant effects mainly by modulating the function of affective and cognitive networks devoted to emotions generation and control, respectively. This concept remains to be validated in large scale randomized controlled trials.
Cognitive outcomes of TMS treatment in bipolar depression: Safety data from a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Bipolar depression (BD) is a highly prevalent condition associated with marked cognitive deficits that persist even in the euthymic phase of the illness. Pharmacological treatments for BD might further aggravate cognitive impairment, highlighting the need of developing interventions that present cognitive safety. In this study, we evaluated the cognitive effects of H1-coil (deep) transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in patients with treatment-resistant bipolar depression. Methods: Fourty-three patients were randomized to receive 20 sessions of active (55 trains, 18 Hz, 120% resting motor threshold intensity) or sham rTMS within a double-blind, sham-controlled trial. A battery of 20 neuropsychological assessments, grouped in 6 domains (attention and processing speed, working memory and executive function, inhibitory control, language, immediate verbal memory, and long-term verbal memory) was performed at baseline and after 4 and 8 weeks of trial onset. Depressive symptoms were assessed with the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. Results: Cognitive improvement was shown for all cognitive domains. It occurred regardless of intervention group and depression improvement. For the language domain, greater improvement was observed in the sham group over time. No correlations between depression (at baseline or during treatment) and cognitive improvement were found. Limitations: Absence of healthy control group. Conclusion: The results of this exploratory study provide evidence on the cognitive safety of H1-coil TMS for BD patients. Putative pro-cognitive effects of rTMS in BD were not observed and thus should be further investigated.
Effect of electroconvulsive therapy on neural response to affective pictures: A randomized, sham-controlled fMRI study$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment for severe depression but its neurocognitive mechanisms are unclear. This randomized, sham-controlled functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) study explored the effects of a single ECT on neural response to affective pictures. Twenty-seven patients with major depressive disorder were randomized to a single active ECT (N = 15) or sham (N = 12) session in a double-blind, parallel-group design. On the following day, patients underwent fMRI during which they viewed pleasant, unpleasant and neutral pictures and performed a free recall test after the scan. Mood symptoms were assessed before ECT/sham and at the time of fMRI. Subsequently, all patients continued active ECT as usual. Mood symptoms were reassessed after six active ECT sessions. A single ECT vs. sham session reduced neural response to unpleasant vs. pleasant pictures in the medial prefrontal cortex, a region showing greater response in the more depressed patients. This effect occurred in the absence of between-group differences in picture recall, mood symptoms or concomitant medication. In conclusion, modulation of medial prefrontal hyper-activity during encoding of negative affective information may be a common mechanism of distinct biological depression treatments.
Ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy: So happy together?$$$ Purpose of review: Anesthetics, such as thiopental, methohexital, propofol and ketamine have been used to induce unconsciousness for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), each with its advantages and disadvantages. Only until recently was it discovered that ketamine may have inherent antidepressant effects. We reviewed the side effect profile of ketamine and examined the literature for whether or not ketamine augments the antidepressant effects of ECT. Recent findings: Systematic reviews and meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials of the potential benefits of adding ketamine to ECT treatment have generated varied conclusions. Currently there is a lack of clear evidence that ketamine with ECT is more efficacious than ECT alone. Summary: Large, multicenter randomized controlled trials are needed to further investigate the potential advantages of adding ketamine to ECT for patients with severe or refractory depression. The addition of ketamine to ECT treatment may have some early beneficial effect in patients with acute depressive disorders. Most likely, ECT itself is responsible for lasting remission from severe depression. Ketamine's side effect profile may be undesirable in certain patient populations, and so the risks and benefits of the addition of this drug to ECT treatment must be weighed.
Is 0.9 Hz rTMS-induced LTD-like corticospinal plasticity dependent on l-rhythm phase during the intervention?$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive method to stimulate the human brain. It is capable of inducing plasticity and altering the state of the brain. The method is widely used by clinicians and neuroscientists alike and has increasing experimental, diagnostic and therapeutic applications. Yet so far, it often suffers from a considerable variability and low effect size. Low-frequency rTMS of the primary motor cortex at near 1 Hz (0.9 Hz) induced long-term depression (LTD)-like effects on corticospinal excitability (Chen et al., 1997). It was recently demonstrated that corticospinal excitability as well as induction of longterm potentiation (LTP)-like plasticity effects depend on the phase of the 8-12 Hz alpha oscillation of the somatosensory cortex (lalpha oscillation) at the time of stimulation. LTP-like corticospinal plasticity resulted from real-time EEG-triggered 100 Hz burst rTMS during the negative but not positive peak of the l-alpha oscillation (Zrenner et al., under revision). Since LTD-like plasticity of near 1 Hz rTMS was examined in random phase ('open loop') rTMS protocols only so far, it is unknown, whether the observed effect is dependent on a phase of the l-alpha oscillation and by which phase it might be controlled. Here we address this question using a real-time EEG-triggered TMS set-up. Motor evoked potentials (MEPs) are recorded from right hand muscles before and after a phase-triggered 15-min 0.9 Hz rTMS intervention in a double-blind randomized cross-over design: Each subject will undergo three phase conditions in the 0.9 Hz intervention: (1) random phase stimulation, (2) stimulation triggered by the EEG positive peak and (3) stimulation triggered by the negative peak of the ongoing l-rhythm. The results of this study will show whether l-oscillation phase modules LTD-like corticospinal excitability induced by rTMS near 1 Hz. They will have substantial implications for understanding the neurophysiology underlying plasticity induction and for the development of personalized EEG-triggered stimulation protocols. The project is currently ongoing. The results will be presented at the conference.
Modulation of executive function mediated gait with bilateral prefrontal high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS): Methodology and preliminary results$$$ Objectives: Cognitive and mobility impairment are common in seniors and result in significant disability. Emerging evidence suggests that executive function is involved in gait regulation. HF-rTMS is a relatively safe non-invasive brain stimulation technique that has been shown to enhance motor learning and working memory. However, the role of HF-rTMS has not been adequately explored in prefrontal mediated gait function. We aim to explore the effect of bilateral prefrontal HF-rTMS on gait and cognition in seniors with executive dysfunction. Methods: Forty seniors with executive dysfunction (MoCA EIS = 8-11) will be recruited from clinic setting excluding those with dementia, severe depression or other neurological illnesses that directly impair gait. Baseline clinical, cognitive and gait assessments will be done and patients will be randomized to active vs. sham rTMS. Five consecutive daily active or sham sessions of HF-rTMS (20 Hz, 2000 pulses) to the right then left prefrontal areas will be applied. Patients and assessors will be blinded to the study assignment. Cognitive and gait measures are repeated immediately after the last session (day 5) and at 7 days post intervention. Results: Ten participants have completed the study so far. HF-rTMS was well tolerated with only one drop out due to head discomfort. Preliminary analysis shows significant improvement in memory encoding and a trend of improvement in semantic dual-task gait at 7 days post 5 sessions of HFrTMS in the active group. Conclusions: These preliminary results are encouraging.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of bipolar depression: Preliminary data$$$ $Background: There is a signifcant lack of efective treatment strategies for bipolar depression (BDE) [1]. While the efcacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression disorder (MDD) is well established [2], there is a substantially less evidence supporting its efcacy in BDE [3]. Based on imaging studies [4], stimulation sites routinely used in MDD, specifcally left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) might not be the best choice for BDE. Instead, the ventrolateral PFC (VLPFC) abnormalities have been found frequently in patients with BDE. Materials and Methods: A 4-week, randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind, three-group parallel study with T1 weighted MRI-guided rTMS was used. Patients were randomly allocated to the 3 intervention groups: active rTMS applied to the a) left DLPFC, b) right VLPFC, and c) sham rTMS. Stimulation parameters were: 10 Hz, 100% of motor threshold, 2 s on, 8 s of, 10 min duration; 1200 pulses/session, 20 sessions. Patients were clinically assessed by Montgomery and Åsberg Rating Scale (MADRS) and Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) at baseline and weekly during the 4 weeks of treatment. Results: 23 out of 25 enrolled patients were included into Intention-to-treat (ITT) analysis. Two patients drop out within frst week (one on DLPFC and one on VLPFC). The fnal sample was 23 (8 on VLPFC, 7 on DLPFC, 8 on sham). The treatment groups did not difere in age, gender, duration of episodes, as well as in baseline MADRS and YMRS. Both active rTMS shown better improvement (as assessed by MADRS) compared to sham rTMS after 4 weeks. The standardized diference was moderate in VLPFC (Coheńs d = 0.75) and only small in DLPFC (d = 0.30). The response rate across the sample was 35%, and there was no diference in response rates across the groups. YMRS remained unchanged within the study time (2.2-3.4) and no switch to hypoma-nia were observed. Conclusions: Our preliminary data confrmed the efcacy of active rTMS protocols in the treatment of BDE. rTMS of right VLPFC has shown better improvement then rTMS of the left DLPFC. Our results are in agreement with actual fndings from imaging studies in patients with BDE [4] and support the idea, that right VLPFC plays an important role in the neurobiology of BDE. Acknowledgements: Study was funded by the Ministry of Health of the Czech Republic grant nr. 16-31380A.
fMRI classification method with multiple feature fusion based on minimum spanning tree analysis$$$ Resting state functional brain networks have been widely studied in brain disease research. Conventional network analysis methods are hampered by differences in network size, density and normalization. Minimum spanning tree (MST) analysis has been recently suggested to ameliorate these limitations. Moreover, common MST analysis methods involve calculating quantifiable attributes and selecting these attributes as features in the classification. However, a disadvantage of these methods is that information about the topology of the network is not fully considered, limiting further improvement of classification performance. To address this issue, we propose a novel method combining brain region and subgraph features for classification, utilizing two feature types to quantify two properties of the network. We experimentally validated our proposed method using a major depressive disorder (MDD) patient dataset. The results indicated that MSTs of MDD patients were more similar to random networks and exhibited significant differences in certain regions involved in the limbic-cortical-striatal-pallidal-thalamic (LCSPT) circuit, which is considered to be a major pathological circuit of depression. Moreover, we demonstrated that this novel classification method could effectively improve classification accuracy and provide better interpretability. Overall, the current study demonstrated that different forms of feature representation provide complementary information.
Prefrontal cortex executive processes affected by stress in health and disease$$$ Prefrontal cortical executive functions comprise a number of cognitive capabilities necessary for goal directed behavior and adaptation to a changing environment. Executive dysfunction that leads to maladaptive behavior and is a symptom of psychiatric pathology can be instigated or exacerbated by stress. In this review we survey research addressing the impact of stress on executive function, with specific focus on working memory, attention, response inhibition, and cognitive flexibility. We then consider the neurochemical pathways underlying these cognitive capabilities and, where known, how stress alters them. Finally, we review work exploring potential pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches that can ameliorate deficits in executive function. Both preclinical and clinical literature indicates that chronic stress negatively affects executive function. Although some of the circuitry and neurochemical processes underlying executive function have been characterized, a great deal is still unknown regarding how stress affects these processes. Additional work focusing on this question is needed in order to make progress on developing interventions that ameliorate executive dysfunction.
Changes in synaptic plasticity are associated with electroconvulsive shock-induced learning and memory impairment in rats with depression-like behavior$$$ Background: Accompanied with the effective antidepressant effect, electroconvulsive shock (ECS) can induce cognitive impairment, but the mechanism is unclear. Synaptic plasticity is the fundamental mechanism of learning and memory. This study aimed to investigate the effect of ECS on synaptic plasticity changes in rats with depression-like behavior. Methods: Chronic unpredictable mild stress procedure was conducted to establish a model of depression-like behavior. Rats were randomly divided into the following three groups: control group with healthy rats (group C), rats with depression-like behavior (group D), and rats with depression-like behavior undergoing ECS (group DE). Depression-like behavior and spatial learning and memory function were assessed by sucrose preference test and Morris water test, respectively. Synaptic plasticity changes in long-term potentiation (LTP), long-term depression (LTD), depotentiation, and post-tetanic potentiation (PTP) were tested by electrophysiological experiment. Results: ECS could exert antidepressant effect and also induced spatial learning and memory impairment in rats with depression-like behavior. And, data on electrophysiological experiment showed that ECS induced lower magnitude of LTP, higher magnitude of LTD, higher magnitude of depotentiation, and lower magnitude of PTP. Conclusion: ECS-induced learning and memory impairment may be attributed to postsynaptic mechanism of LTP impairment, LTD and depotentiation enhancement, and presynaptic mechanism of PTP impairment.
Cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder: An individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised, sham-controlled trials$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has emerged as a promising new treatment for major depression. While recent randomised, sham-controlled studies found tDCS to have antidepressant effects, it remains to be determined whether a tDCS treatment course may also enhance cognitive function independent of mood effects in depressed patients. This systematic review and individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis examined cognitive outcomes from randomised, sham-controlled trials of tDCS treatment for major depression. Seven randomised, sham-controlled trials (n = 478 participants, 260 in active and 218 in sham) of tDCS for major depression were included. Results showed no cognitive enhancement after active tDCS compared to sham for the 12 cognitive outcomes investigated. Active relative to sham tDCS treatment was associated with reduced performance gains on a measure of processing speed (β = −0.33, 95% CI −0.58; −0.08, p = 0.011). Active tDCS treatment for depression did not show cognitive benefits independent of mood effects. Rather, tDCS treatment relative to sham stimulation for major depression may instead be associated with a reduced practice effect for processing speed.
Pediatric multiple sclerosis and fulminant disease course: Features and approaches to treatment – A case report and review of the literature$$$ Multiple sclerosis (MS) is the autoimmune, neurodegenerative disease of the central nervous system (CNS). Typically, it affects the young adult population, however, up to 10% of the cases, it can develop in childhood. Atypical manifestations, such as the tumefactive variant (tMS) or acute disseminated encephalomyelitis (ADEM), especially coupled with fulminant disease course, are even more rare and pose a considerable differential diagnostic and therapeutic challenge. Recently, the therapeutic strategy on the use of disease modifying therapies (DMTs) in MS has shifted to the direction of a more individualized approach, that takes the personal differences heavily into account, in particular regard to the activity and prognosis of the disease. Despite this change has only been applied to adults yet, it is plausible to predict, that it will soon be applied to pediatric patients as well, particularly, as several randomized studies are under way concerning DMTs in pediatric populations. To our best knowledge, we are the first to report a successful natalizumab treatment of pediatric fulminant tMS, in case of a 13.5 years old girl. We feel that this report demonstrates the need of early and adequate treatment in such an aggressive case, because it can reverse the course of a possibly fatal disease.
Adjunct transcranial direct current stimulation improves cognitive function in patients with schizophrenia: A double-blind 12-week study$$$ Objectives: Cognitive impairment is a common symptom of schizophrenia that has significant effects on quality of life and the activities of daily living. The present study examined the ability of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to improve cognitive function and clinical symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Methods: Fifty-six patients with schizophrenia were randomized to real-tDCS and sham-tDCS groups. The participants were stable for a period of 3 months before study enrollment. Each group received 30 min of active 2-mA tDCS or sham stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (anode F3, cathode F4) once per day for 10 consecutive weekdays. The Measurement and Treatment Research to Improve Cognition in Schizophrenia Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB) and Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) were used to evaluate cognitive function, and the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS), Clinical Global Impression-Schizophrenia scale (CGI-SCH), and Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia (CDSS) were used to evaluate symptoms at baseline, after 10 sessions, and at 3-month follow-up. Results: There was a significant time × group interaction, indicating that MCCB working memory (P = 0.008) and overall scores (P = 0.031) improved over time in the real-tDCS group compared to the sham-tDCS group. There was also a significant time × group interaction for depressive symptoms as evaluated by the CGI-SCH, which decreased over time in the real-tDCS group (P = 0.041). tDCS treatment combined with antipsychotic medication was generally well-tolerated and safe. Conclusions: Adjunct tDCS treatment is safe and effective for improving cognitive status in patients with schizophrenia.
Prospective Validation That Subgenual Connectivity Predicts Antidepressant Efficacy of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Sites$$$ Background: The optimal target in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for treating depression with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) remains unknown. Better efficacy has been associated with stimulation sites that are 1) more anterior and lateral and 2) more functionally connected to the subgenual cingulate. Here we prospectively test whether these factors predict response in individual patients. Methods: A primary cohort (Boston, n = 25) with medication-refractory depression underwent conventional open-label rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. A secondary cohort (Michigan, n = 16) underwent 4 weeks of sham followed by open-label rTMS for nonresponders (n = 12). In each patient, the location of the stimulation site was recorded with frameless stereotaxy. Connectivity between each patient's stimulation site and the subgenual cingulate was assessed using resting-state functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging from a cohort of healthy subjects (n = 1000) and confirmed using connectivity from patients with depression (n = 38). Results: In our primary cohort, antidepressant efficacy was predicted by stimulation sites that were both more anterolateral (r =.51, p <.01) and more negatively correlated with the subgenual cingulate (r = −.55, p <.005). However, subgenual connectivity was the only independent predictor of response and the only factor to predict response to active (r = −.52, p <.05) but not sham rTMS in our secondary cohort. Conclusions: This study provides prospective validation that functional connectivity between an individual's rTMS cortical target and the subgenual cingulate predicts antidepressant response. Implications for improving the cortical rTMS target for depression are discussed.
An Update on Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for the Treatment of Co-morbid Pain and Depressive Symptoms$$$ Purpose: Review recent meta-analyses and clinical trials investigating the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for concurrent pain and depressive symptoms. Recent Findings: Recent meta-analyses have included both pain and depression outcomes in fibromyalgia and chronic pain. Randomized controlled trials have also been conducted in post-herpetic neuralgia, trauma-related headache, and neuropathic pain with attention to both pain and depressive symptoms. In general, studies have demonstrated reduction in pain in patients with fibromyalgia as an add-on treatment, post-herpetic neuralgia, trauma-related headache, and neuropathic pain. There are variable findings for reduction in depressive symptoms in patients with co-morbid pain disorders. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is a novel rTMS protocol that has recently been investigated in patients with depression and some smaller trials in patients with co-morbid pain disorders. These emerging treatment options may have similar or greater therapeutic potency and may be delivered with greater efficiency. Summary: There is evidence to support the use of rTMS for its analgesic effects in various pain syndromes. The variable results between trials for treatment of concurrent depressive symptoms may be due to heterogeneity in treatment protocols including parameters such as site of stimulation (primary motor cortex versus dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) and restrictions in the patient population which usually exclude primary psychiatric diagnoses. Future trials should work to standardize these protocols, investigate novel protocols like TBS, and continue to include standardized assessment of concurrent psychiatric outcomes such as depression and anxiety.
Cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy vs pharmacotherapy/psychotherapy for treatment-resistant depression in the United States$$$ IMPORTANCE: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for depression but is infrequently used owing to stigma, uncertainty about indications, adverse effects, and perceived high cost. OBJECTIVE: To assess the cost-effectiveness of ECT compared with pharmacotherapy/ psychotherapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder in the United States. DESIGN, SETTING, AND PARTICIPANTS: A decision analytic model integrating data on clinical efficacy, costs, and quality-of-life effects of ECT compared with pharmacotherapy/ psychotherapy was used to simulate depression treatment during a 4-year horizon from a US health care sector perspective. Model input data were drawn from multiple meta-analyses, randomized trials, and observational studies of patients with depression. Where possible, data sources were restricted to US-based studies of nonpsychotic major depression. Data were analyzed between June 2017 and January 2018. INTERVENTIONS: Six alternative strategies for incorporating ECT into depression treatment (after failure of 0-5 lines of pharmacotherapy/psychotherapy) compared with no ECT. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Remission, response, and nonresponse of depression; quality-adjusted life-years; costs in 2013 US dollars; and incremental cost-effectiveness ratios. Strategies with incremental cost-effectiveness ratios of $100 000 per quality-adjusted life-year or less were designated cost-effective. RESULTS: Based on the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression trial, we simulated a population with a mean (SD) age of 40.7 (13.2) years, and 62.2%women. Over 4 years, ECT was projected to reduce time with uncontrolled depression from 50% of life-years to 33%to 37%of life-years, with greater improvements when ECT is offered earlier. Mean health care costs were increased by $7300 to $12 000, with greater incremental costs when ECT was offered earlier. In the base case, third-line ECT was cost-effective, with an ICER of $54 000 per quality-adjusted life-year. Third-line ECT remained cost-effective in a range of univariate, scenario, and probabilistic sensitivity analyses. Incorporating all input data uncertainty, we estimate a 74%to 78%likelihood that at least 1 of the ECT strategies is cost-effective and a 56%to 58%likelihood that third-line ECT is the optimal strategy. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: For US patients with treatment-resistant depression, ECTmay be an effective and cost-effective treatment option. Although many factors influence the decision to proceed with ECT, these data suggest that, from a health-economic standpoint, ECT should be considered after failure of 2 or more lines of pharmacotherapy/psychotherapy.
Combined transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of chronic tinnitus$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is currently being tested for suppressing the symptoms of subjective chronic primary tinnitus, although its effect is controversial. The aim of this randomized double-blinded controlled trial was to determine the effect of rTMS with unique settings for tinnitus treatment. Methods: Fifty-three adult patients suffering from chronic subjective unilateral or bilateral nonpulsatile primary tinnitus for at least 6 months were randomly assigned to rTMS (group 1, n = 20), sham stimulation (group 2, n = 12), or medicament therapy only (group 3, n = 21). The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (frequency 25 Hz, 300 pulses, and 80% resting motor threshold [RMT]) on the left side and primary auditory cortex (1 Hz, 1000 pulses, 110% RMT) were stimulated on both sides in patients in group 1 for 5 consecutive days. The Tinnitus Reaction Questionnaire (TRQ), Tinnitus Handicap Questionnaire (THQ), Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), pure-tone audiometry with Fowler scoring of hearing loss, and tinnitus analysis were used to evaluate tinnitus in all patients. Data were recorded the day the patient was included in the study and at 1- and 6-month follow-up. Results: The study groups were homogenous. No significant effect of rTMS was found at 1 or 6 months based on the BDI, THQ, and TRQ scores or tinnitus masking. There was a significant but clinically irrelevant effect on the THI score after 1 and 6 months. Interpretation: No significant effect of bilateral low-frequency rTMS of the primary auditory cortex and high-frequency stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex was demonstrated.
Decreases in Suicide Cognitions after Cognitive Processing Therapy among Veterans with Posttraumatic Stress Disorder Due to Military Sexual Trauma: A Preliminary Examination$$$ Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is associated with suicidal ideation (SI) and suicidal self-directed violence (SDV). Military sexual trauma (MST) is a common precursor to PTSD among veterans. Survivors of MST are more likely to be diagnosed with PTSD and are at greater risk for SI than survivors of other forms of trauma. Suicide-specific beliefs (e.g., unlovability, unbearability, unsolvability) have been shown to be strong predictors of SI and future suicidal SDV. Suicide-specific beliefs were examined over the course of treatment and follow-up in 32 veterans (23 women, 9 men) who received cognitive processing therapy (CPT) for MST-related PTSD. Hierarchical linear models revealed that veterans who received CPT had significant reductions in suicide-specific cognitions regarding unbearability, unlovability, and unsolvability. These preliminary findings warrant replication in a randomized controlled trial with a larger sample that includes participants with more acute suicidal intent.
Erratum: Effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (THREE-D): a randomised non-inferiority trial (The Lancet (2018) 391(10131) (1683–1692) (S0140673618302952) (10.1016/S0140-6736(18)30295-2))$$$ Blumberger DM, Vila-Rodriguez F, Thorpe KE, et al. Effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (THREE-D): a randomised non-inferiority trial. Lancet 2018; 391: 1683–92—In this Article, the adjusted difference between the HRSD-17 scores listed in the summary should have been 0·103 points. This correction has been made to the online version as of June 11, 2018.
Brief multifamily Psychoeducation for family members of patients with chronic major depression: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common and often chronic problem. Patients with chronic MDD often have negative impacts on the health of their families. Family psychoeducation is recognized as part of the optimal treatment for patients with psychotic disorder, and has been shown to reduce the rate of relapse in individuals with schizophrenia and to reduce the burden on their caregivers. Thus, we predict that family psychoeducation has the potential to reduce the burden on the caregivers of patients with chronic MDD. In the present study, we aimed to investigate the effects of brief multifamily psychoeducation (BMP) on the mental health status of family members of patients with chronic MDD. Methods: We conducted a clinical trial consisting of 49 chronic MDD patients and their families. Each family was randomly assigned to either the BMP intervention group or the control group. The intervention group received four BMP sessions, once every two weeks for eight weeks. The control group received one counseling session administered by a nurse. All patients received standard treatment administered by physicians. The primary outcome measurement was the Kessler Screening Scale for Psychological Distress (K6) score of family members at 16- weeks after the first BMP session. Secondary outcomes were depressive symptoms of both family members and patients at multiple time points, as well as family functioning as evaluated by the patients. Intention-to-treat analyses were conducted. Results: There was no statistically significant effect of BMP on K6 scores at 16- weeks (mean difference 1.17, 95% confidence interval: - 0.63 to 2.98, P = 0.19). Exploratory analyses revealed that BMP reduced depressive symptoms in family members at 8- weeks (difference = - 3.37, 95%CI -6.32 to - 0.43, P = 0.02) and improved family functioning at multiple time points (Role; 8 W, difference = - 0.13, 95%CI -0.26 to - 0.00, P = 0.04, Affective Responsiveness; 8 W, difference = - 0.24, 95%CI -0.43 to - 0.05, P = 0.01, 32 W, difference = - 0.22, 95%CI -0.41 to - 0.03, P = 0.02, Behavior Control; 16 W, difference = - 0.17, 95%CI -0.34 to - 0.00, P = 0.04). Conclusions: Four BMP sessions did not significantly reduce the psychological distress of family members of patients with chronic MDD. Trial registration: Clinical Trials. gov NCT01734291 , retrospectively registered (Registration date: November 21, 2012).
A review of ketamine’s role in ECT and non-ECT settings$$$ Up to 20% of depressed patients demonstrate treatment resistance to one or more adequate antidepressant trials, resulting in a disproportionately high burden of illness. Ketamine is a non-barbiturate, rapid-acting general anesthetic that has been increasingly studied in treatment resistant depression (TRD), typically at sub-anesthetic doses (0.5 mg/kg over 40 min by intravenous infusion). More recent data suggest that ketamine may improve response rates to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) when used as an adjunct, but also as a sole agent. In the ECT setting, a dose of 0.8 mg/kg or greater of ketamine demonstrates improved reduction in depressive symptoms than lower doses; however, inconsistency and significant heterogeneity among studies exists. Clinical predictors of responses to ketamine have been suggested in terms of non-ECT settings. Ketamine does increase seizure duration in ECT, which is attenuated when concomitant barbiturate anesthetics are used. However, most studies are small, with considerable heterogeneity of the sample population and variance in dosing strategies of ketamine, ECT, and concomitant medications, and lack a placebo control, which limits interpretation. Psychotomi-metic and cardiovascular adverse effects are reported with ketamine. Cardiovascular adverse effects are particularly relevant when ketamine is used in an ECT setting. Adverse effects may be mitigated with concurrent propofol; however, this adds complexity and cost compared to standard anesthesia. Long-term adverse effects are still unknown, but relevant, given recent class concerns for anesthetic and sedative agents.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in alcohol dependence: Study protocol of a randomized controlled clinical trial of efficacy and working mechanisms$$$ Background: High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) has gained interest as a neuromodulation treatment technique for alcohol dependence. Single sessions of HF-rTMS have consistently shown to decrease craving for substances. However, the results of randomized controlled clinical trials investigating the effect of multiple HF-rTMS sessions in alcohol dependence on abstinence rates and craving are inconsistent. Furthermore, they lack information on the effect of HF-rTMS on cognition and brain functioning. Methods: A single center, single blind, randomized controlled trial with 80 abstinent alcohol dependent subjects in treatment randomized (1:1) to either treatment as usual (TAU) plus ten sessions of active HF-rTMS or TAU plus 10 sessions of placebo/ sham HF-rTMS will be performed. The effects of ten HF-rTMS sessions on craving and neurocognitive functions are obtained. In addition a subset of participants will undergo an MR scanning session before the first and after the last HF-rTMS session in order to investigate the effect of ten HF-rTMS sessions on brain functioning. The primary outcome is the continued abstinence rate after the add-on HF-rTMS treatment. Discussion: This study uses a randomized controlled trial to examine the clinical, neurocognitive and brain functioning effects of ten add-on HF-rTMS sessions in alcohol dependent individuals in treatment. If the add-on treatment is effective, this may add to the evidence needed for approval of this additional treatment method for alcohol dependence by regulatory authorities.
Fighting obesity: Non-pharmacological interventions$$$ The abnormal or excessive fat accumulation that impairs health is one of the criteria that fulfills obesity. According to epidemiological data, obesity has become a worldwide public health problem that in turn would trigger additional pathologies such as cardiorespiratory dysfunctions, cancer, gastrointestinal disturbances, depression, sleep disorders, just to mention a few. Then, the search for a therapeutical intervention aimed to prevent and manage obesity has been the focus of study during the last years. As one can assume, the increased prevalence of obesity has translated to search of efficient pharmaceuticals designed to manage this health issue. However, to further complicate the scenario, scientific literature has described that obesity is the result of interaction between multiple events. Therefore, pharmacological approaches have faced a serious challenge for develop the adequate treatment. Here, we argue that a wide range of non-pharmacological/invasive techniques can be used to manage obesity, such as diets, cognitive behavioral interventions, exercise and transcranial direct current stimulation. Combining these techniques may allow improving quality of life of obese patients.
Anxiety, depression, and health-related quality of life in heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Heterozygous familial hypercholesterolemia (FH) is a common genetic disease predisposing affected individuals to a high risk of cardiovascular disease. Yet, considerable uncertainty exists regarding its impact on psychosocial wellbeing. Objectives: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the association between FH and symptoms of anxiety and depression, and health-related quality of life (HRQL). Methods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, Global Health, the Cochrane Library, PsycINFO, and PubMed for peer-reviewed literature published in English between January 1, 1990 and January 1, 2018. Quantitative and qualitative studies were eligible if they included patients with confirmed FH and evaluated its association with symptoms of anxiety or depression, or HRQL. We performed a narrative synthesis of studies, including thematic analysis of qualitative studies, and where data permitted, random-effects meta-analysis reporting standardized mean differences (SMD) and 95% confidence intervals. Results: We found 10 eligible studies measuring HRQL, depression and anxiety. Random-effects meta-analysis of 4 (n = 4293) and 5 studies (n = 5098), respectively, showed that patients with FH had slightly lower symptoms of anxiety (SMD: −0.29 [95% CI: −0.53, −0.04]) and mental HRQL (SMD: −0.10 [95% −0.20, −0.00]) relative to general population controls. No significant differences existed in depressive symptoms (SMD: 0.04 [95% CI: −0.12, 0.19]) or physical HRQL scores (SMD: 0.02 [95% CI: −0.09, 0.12]). Conclusions: Our systematic review suggests that patients with FH may report small but measurable differences in anxiety symptoms and mental HRQL.
Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex rTMS in Alleviating MTBI Related Headaches and Depressive Symptoms$$$ Objective: Persistent mild traumatic brain injury related headache (MTBI-HA) represents a neuropathic pain state. This study tested the hypothesis that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at the left prefrontal cortex can alleviate MTBI-HA and associated neuropsychological dysfunctions. Methods and Materials: Veterans with MTBI-HA were randomized to receive four sessions of either real (REAL group) or sham (SHAM group) high frequency rTMS delivered at 10 Hz, 80% of resting motor threshold and 2000 pulses per session at >24 and <72 hours apart. Pre-treatment, post-treatment 1-week and 4-week headache and neuropsychological assessments were conducted. Results: Twenty nine out of forty-four consented subjects completed the study. A two-factor (visit × treatment) repeated measures ANOVA showed a significant (p = 0.002, F = 11.63, df = 1) interaction for the average daily persistent headache intensity with the REAL group exhibiting a significant (p < 0.0001) average reduction (±SD) of 25.3 ± 16.8% and 23.0 ± 17.7% reduction in their numerical rating scale at the one-week and four-week post-treatment assessments in comparison to <1 ± 11.7% and 2.3 ± 14.5% reduction found in the SHAM group. In addition, a significant (p < 0.01) 50% and 57% reduction was found in the prevalence of persistent headache in the REAL group at the one-week and four-week assessments in comparison to 7% and 20% reduction found in the SHAM group. Furthermore, the REAL group demonstrated a significant (p = 0.033) improvement (from 22.3 ± 6.4 at pre-treatment to 19.0 ± 5.0 at post-treatment one-week) in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score, while the SHAM group's score remained largely unchanged (from 25.33 ± 8.43 to 24.64 ± 5.03) in the same time frame. This trend of improvement, although not statistically significant, continues to the post-treatment four-week assessment. Conclusion: A short-course rTMS at the left DLPFC can alleviate MTBI-HA symptoms and provide a transient mood enhancing benefit. Further studies are required to establish a clinical protocol balancing both treatment efficacy and patient compliance.
Home Use, Remotely Supervised, and Remotely Controlled Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation: A Systematic Review of the Available Evidence$$$ Objectives: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is gaining growing importance in the treatment of neurological and psychiatric disorders and is currently investigated for home-based and remotely supervised applications. Methods: Here, we systematically review the available evidence from a database search (PubMed, ICTRP, clinicaltrials.gov) from January 2000 to May 2017. Results: We detected 22 original research papers, trial protocols or trial registrations dealing with tDCS as an add-on intervention to cognitive or physiotherapeutic intervention. Overall, study samples are small; many studies are single-blinded and focus on feasibility and safety. There are two guideline papers setting basic requirements for clinical trials. Conclusions: Further research needs to focus on home-based treatment from different viewpoints, that is, safety, technical monitoring, reproducibility of repeated applications, feasibility of combined interventions and systematic assessment of efficacy, and safety in large randomized controlled clinical trials (RCTs). However, remotely controlled and supervised tDCS for home use represents a promising approach for widespread use of noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) in clinical care.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and negative symptoms in schizophrenia: a phase II randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: The lack of efficacy of pharmacological treatments for cognitive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia highlights the need for new interventions. We investigated the effects of tDCS on working memory and negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Method: Double-blinded, randomized, sham-controlled clinical trial, investigating the effects of 10 sessions of tDCS in schizophrenia subjects. Stimulation used 2 mA, for 20 min, with electrodes of 25 cm2 wrapped in cotton material soaked in saline solution. Anode was positioned over the left DLPFC and the cathode in the contralateral area. Twenty-four participants were assessed at baseline, after intervention and in a three-months follow-up. The primary outcome was the working memory score from MATRICS and the secondary outcome the negative score from PANSS. Data were analyzed using generalized estimating equations. Results: We did not find group ∗ time interaction for the working memory (p = 0.720) score or any other cognitive variable (p > 0.05). We found a significant group ∗ time interaction for PANSS negative (p < 0.001, d = 0.23, CI.95 = −0.59–1.02), general (p = 0.011) and total scores (p < 0.001). Exploratory analysis of PANSS 5 factors suggests tDCS effect on PANSS negative (p = 0.012), cognitive (p = 0.016) and depression factors (p = 0.029). Conclusion: The results from this trial highlight the therapeutic effects of tDCS for treatment of persistent symptoms in schizophrenia, with reduction of negative symptoms. We were not able to confirm the superiority of active tDCS over sham to improve working memory performance. Larger sample size studies are needed to confirm these findings.
Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is increasingly used clinically in the treatment of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). However, rTMS treatment response can be slow. Early research suggests that accelerated forms of rTMS may be effective but no research has directly evaluated a schedule of accelerated rTMS compared to standard rTMS. To assess the efficacy of accelerated rTMS compared to standard daily rTMS., 115 outpatients with MDD received either accelerated rTMS (n = 58) (i.e., 63,000 high frequency rTMS pulses delivered as 3 treatments per day over 3 days in week 1, 3 treatments over 2 days in week 2 and 3 treatments on a single day in week 3) or standard rTMS (n = 57) (i.e., 63,000 total high frequency rTMS pulses delivered over 5 days per week for 4 weeks) following randomization. There were no significant differences in remission or response rates (p > 0.05 for all analyses) or reduction in depression scores (Time by group interaction (F (5, 489.452) = 1.711, p = 0.130) between the accelerated and standard rTMS treatment groups. Accelerated treatment was associated with a higher rate of reported treatment discomfort. It is feasible to provide accelerated rTMS treatment for outpatients with depression and this is likely to produce meaningful antidepressant effects.
Ketamine-based anesthesia improves electroconvulsive therapy outcomes: a randomized-controlled study$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common and debilitating condition that can be challenging to treat. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is currently the therapeutic gold standard for treatment-resistant MDD. We tested our hypothesis that ketamine-based anesthesia for ECT results in superior improvement in treatment-resistant MDD outcomes compared with propofol-based anesthesia. Methods: Patients with treatment-resistant MDD were enrolled in a randomized clinical trial with assignment to ketamine- or propofol-based anesthesia arms. Using a modified intention-to-treat analysis, we compared the median number of ECT treatments required to achieve a 50% reduction (primary outcome) and a score ≤ 10 (secondary outcome) on the Montgomery-Asberg depression rating scale (MADRS) between anesthesia groups. Results: The study was terminated as significant results were found after the first planned interim analysis with 12 patients in each of the ketamine (intervention) and propofol (control) groups. All ketamine patients achieved at least a 50% MADRS reduction after a median of two ECT treatments whereas ten propofol patients (83%) achieved the same outcome after a median of four ECT treatments. All ketamine patients and seven propofol patients (58%) achieved MDD remission (MADRS ≤ 10). Log rank tests showed that both time-to-50% reduction and remission differed significantly between groups. Adverse events and recovery time were similar between groups. Conclusions: In this early-terminated small-sized study, ketamine-based anesthesia compared with propofol-based anesthesia provided response and remission after fewer ECT sessions. Trial registration: www.clinicaltrials.gov (NCT01935115). Registered 4 September 2013.
Improvements in Health-Related Quality of Life with Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Meta-Analysis$$$ Introduction Although the antidepressant efficacy of ECT is well documented, patient-reported outcomes after this treatment are less well characterized. The aims of the current meta-Analysis are to quantify the impact of an acute course of ECT on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) and to identify related moderators, specifically post-ECT depressive symptom remission and patient age. Methods We searched PubMed, PsycINFO, and Web of Science databases for randomized and nonrandomized studies that report on changes in HRQoL measures after an acute course of ECT. Only studies that used the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form 36 (SF-36) instrument were included. A random effects model using the Hedges' g effect size was used in calculating the pre-post ECT outcomes on all 8 SF-36 subscales and the SF-36 total scores including the physical and mental composite scores. Subgroup analyses were conducted using remission status and age as moderators. Results Four studies contributed to this analysis. Significant improvements across all subscales of the SF-36 were observed. Large and very large effect sizes were present for both the SF-36 physical component score (PCS) and mental health component score (MCS), with the change in MCS being statistically superior to the PCS (MCS, Hedges' g = 1.28; 95% confidence interval, 1.15-1.42; PCS, Hedges' g = 0.97; 95% confidence interval, 0.86-1.07). Medium, large, and very large effect sizes were observed for SF-36 subscales scores. Post-ECT depression remission status was related to HRQoL improvement, with statistically significant differences present between remitters and nonremitters for PCS, MCS, and most SF-36 subscale scores. No significant differences were observed in improvement in HRQoL with ECT based on patient age. Conclusions An acute course of ECT for depressive symptoms produces medium to very large effect size improvements in HRQoL across multiple components and subscales measured by the SF-36. The magnitude of the effects reported by ECT patients is greater than those that have been reported in other open-label studies of brain stimulation techniques. This study confirms that ECT plays a vital role in the treatment of the most severely ill patients with depressive disorders.
Joint BAP NAPICU evidence-based consensus guidelines for the clinical management of acute disturbance: De-escalation and rapid tranquillisation$$$ The British Association for Psychopharmacology and the National Association of Psychiatric Intensive Care and Low Secure Units developed this joint evidence-based consensus guideline for the clinical management of acute disturbance. It includes recommendations for clinical practice and an algorithm to guide treatment by healthcare professionals with various options outlined according to their route of administration and category of evidence. Fundamental overarching principles are included and highlight the importance of treating the underlying disorder. There is a focus on three key interventions: de-escalation, pharmacological interventions pre-rapid tranquillisation and rapid tranquillisation (intramuscular and intravenous). Most of the evidence reviewed relates to emergency psychiatric care or acute psychiatric adult inpatient care, although we also sought evidence relevant to other common clinical settings including the general acute hospital and forensic psychiatry. We conclude that the variety of options available for the management of acute disturbance goes beyond the standard choices of lorazepam, haloperidol and promethazine and includes oral-inhaled loxapine, buccal midazolam, as well as a number of oral antipsychotics in addition to parenteral options of intramuscular aripiprazole, intramuscular droperidol and intramuscular olanzapine. Intravenous options, for settings where resuscitation equipment and trained staff are available to manage medical emergencies, are also included.
Effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation onworry, anxiety, and depression in generalized anxiety disorder: A randomized, single-blind pharmacotherapy and sham-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: Due to low adherence to treatment and side effects of pharmacotherapy, using new brain stimulation, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in patients with anxiety disorders are available. Objectives: The present researchwasperformed to evaluate theefficacyof tDCSandcompareit with pharmacotherapyonreduction of worry, depression, and anxiety in a group of Iranian patients with generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). Methods: This study was a quasi-experimental research. A total of 18 patients (46% females and 64% males) withGADwere randomly assigned either to tDCS, pharmacotherapy or sham conditions. Stimulation was delivered over the contralateral deltoid at 2 m/A during 20 minutes in 10 sessions of 4 weeks. Symptoms were assessed by a 7-item GAD scale, HARS, HDRS, and PSWQ in pre-test, post-test and follow up assessment (2 months later). Analysis of variance with repeated measure was used to analyze the data. Results: The results showed that both tDCS and pharmacotherapy were effective in reducing worry symptoms, also the pharmacotherapy group compared with the tDCS group and sham condition was more effective in treating of worry. Anxiety symptoms were reduced by both tDCS and pharmacotherapy and the difference between the 2 methods was not significant. Finally, the effectiveness of tDCS therapy on reducing depressive symptoms was more significant than pharmacotherapy. Conclusions: The tDCS is a promising treatment for generalized anxiety disorder, especially in depressive and worry symptoms.
A pharmacopsychometric overview of major depressive episodes in positive psychiatry$$$ Background: The use of the pharmacopsychometric triangle to enhance patient-reported well-being as the ultimate goal of treatment has most intensively been studied in patients with a major depressive episode.Methods: The review is structured on the pharmacopsychometric triangle in which the desired clinical effect of an antidepressive medication is balanced against the undesired side effects induced by this medication in terms of restored well-being. As a biological treatment, the antidepressive medication is compared clinically with both electroconvulsive therapy and psychological treatment.Results: In the process of this review, evidence from a dose-response study in patients suffering from a major depressive episode with an adequate duration and symptom severity has demonstrated that the dose-response relationship emerged when using the patient-reported well-being outcome rather than the symptomatic reduction as outcome.Conclusion: The pharmacopsychometric triangle is in patients with major depressive episodes providing important information within positive psychiatry.
Dual-site transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of Parkinson's Disease$$$ Background and aims: Abnormal oscillatory neuronal activity in the subthalamic nucleus (STN) plays an important role in the pathophysiology of motor symptoms in Parkinson disease (PD). Anatomical studies showed that the primary motor (M1) and dorsal premotor cortex (PMd) project directly to different neuronal populations within the STN (“hyperdirect pathway”). We hypothesized that PD motor symptoms can be ameliorated with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) applied to M1 and PMd with the goal to phaselock and desynchronize oscillating STN neurons via the hyperdirect pathway and through induction of long-term depression-like effects comparable to coordinated-reset DBS. Methods: Asynchronous repetitive TMS to both a premotor area located at 32 mm anterior of M1 and M1 (“associative dual-site rTMS”, “ADS-rTMS”) was employed at 1 Hz with in 20 PD patients treated in a blinded, placebo-controlled cross-over design using two D-shaped TMS coils. Clinical outcomes were rated based on video-analysis of MDSUPDRS-III with two certified raters blinded to treatment modality and additional metrics (tapping, tremor analysis). Results: We found no significant improvement in the MDSUPDRS-III or secondary motor outcome parameters (finger tapping performance, spectral power of resting or action tremor activity). Variation of the secondary stimulation site outside M1 (to either 50 mm anterior to M1 or to supplementary motor area) did not induce beneficial effects either. Conclusion: A single session of ADS-rTMS did not produce a clinically meaningful beneficial effect on Parkinsonian motor symptoms. Successful treatment for PD by noninvasive brain stimulation targeting subcortical nuclei may require more detailed physiological information about the individual brain state and stimulation-induced effects.
Non-invasive neuromodulation of neural networks in Alzheimer's disease: Cognitive and clinical effects$$$ Background and aims: There is increasing evidence that human brain is organised into large-scale networks. Among these, the Default Mode Network (DMN) and the Salience Network (SN) show abnormal connectivity patterns in Alzheimer's disease (AD), i.e. reduced connectivity in the DMN and increased connectivity in the SN. In this study, we tested the cognitive/clinical effect of neuromodulation of the above networks in AD through transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Methods: 20 AD patients participated in the study. Each patient underwent a clinical (neuropsychiatric inventory and geriatric depression scale) and cognitive assessment (memory, language and visuo-spatial functions), before and after ten daily 25-minutes tDCS sessions. Patients were randomized into two groups: anodal DMN stimulation (right parietal cortex), cathodal SN stimulation (right frontal cortex). Clinical and cognitive outcomes were compared by using the Wilcoxon signed-rank test. Results: Patients were equally randomised to the anodal and cathodal arms (n=10 each). Cognitive assessment revealed significant improvement in memory in both groups (immediate Rey auditory verbal learning test: +20%, p<0.05 in the anodal group; +19%, p<0.05 in the cathodal group). A significant improvement in tests for visual memory (paired associative learning test; +6%, p=0.05), visuoconstructive abilities (clock test; +42%, p<0.05) and language comprehension (token test; +9%, p<0.01) was observed only in the anodal group. Conversely, improvement in behavioral symptoms (neuropsychiatric inventory:-36%, p<0.05) was found only in the cathodal group. Conclusion: These results suggest that anodal tDCS may be more effective than cathodal tDCS in modulating cognition in AD, while cathodal tDCS may have a specific neuromodulator effect over behavior.
Treatments of depression in Parkinson's disease$$$ Depression is a common and important nonmotor aspect of Parkinson's disease (PD). Its treatment has been an especially troublesome problem for clinicians, in part because there are so many treatment modalities from which to choose and so little definitive information available for guidance. The management of depressive symptoms in PD has been indeed largely based until very recently on poor evidence and empirical experience, extrapolating to PD patients findings obtained in other non-PD populations. The research in this area has been delayed because of insufficient interest in non-motor symptoms in PD, lack of appropriate animal models, limitations of clinical scales insufficiently validated in PD patients and paucity of good quality placebo-controlled double-blind randomized controlled trials (RCTs). Recent systematic reviews and meta-analysis of published RCTs have assessed the effectiveness of pharmacologic treatment but also non-pharmacologic approaches such as cognitive behavioral therapy or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of depressive symptoms in PD. Their conclusion is that both antidepressants (including selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and imipraminics) and cognitive behavioral therapy are efficacious or likely efficacious in the management of depression in individuals with PD. Very few (if any) data are available to compare the relative efficacy of different therapeutic approaches or of their combination. These reviews also provide incentive to researchers by illustrating the need for more extensive and definitive study of this very important aspect of PD.
Recommendations for the use of ECT in pregnancy: literature review and proposed clinical protocol$$$ Psychiatric disorders are common in pregnancy, affecting 15–29% of pregnant women. Untreated depression has negative health consequences for mother and fetus. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective option for the treatment of severe depression, high suicide risk, catatonia, medication-resistant illness, psychotic agitation, severe physical decline, and other life-threatening conditions. To our knowledge, however, there is no literature that consolidates all the evidence on maternal and fetal risks associated with untreated depression, medications, and ECT then translating it into one cohesive protocol that could serve as a management guide and a source of reassurance to health-care providers involved in such practice. Hoping to facilitate ECT access to perinatal patients, the authors combined their multidisciplinary clinical experience (in perinatal psychiatry, neuropsychiatry and neuromodulation, and anesthesiology) at three different centers in the USA (Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School, The University of Chicago, and Brown University) with a careful and critical literature review and propose guidelines for the administration of ECT in pregnancy. A comprehensive review of the relevant literature regarding both ECT and psychotropic medications in pregnancy was performed, including meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials published in general medicine, anesthesiology, psychiatry, and obstetrics journals and guidelines. The indication and appropriateness of ECT in pregnancy must be carefully weighed against the risks of untreated maternal illness and those of alternative treatment options. The safety of ECT in pregnancy has been documented over the last 50 years. The adverse effects in pregnancy are similar to the risks of ECT in any individual. The most common risk to the mother is premature contractions and preterm labor, which occur infrequently and are not clearly caused by ECT. The rates of miscarriages were not significantly different from that of the general population. There have been no associations of ECT with congenital anomalies, either morphologic or behavioral, and no neurocognitive disturbances in the child. ECT is a reasonably safe and effective treatment alternative for management of many psychiatric disorders in pregnant patients. The authors provide recommendations for treatment modifications in pregnancy-based physiologic changes that occur during that period and consolidate them into a protocol that can assist clinicians in improving access and safety of ECT for pregnant patients.
Can deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) be used to treat substance use disorders (SUD)? A systematic review$$$ Background: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) is a non-invasive method of stimulating widespread cortical areas and, presumably, deeper neural networks. The current study assessed the effects of DTMS in the treatment of substance use disorders (SUD) using a systematic review. Methods: Electronic literature search (PsycInfo, Medline until April 2017) identified k=9 studies (k=4 randomized-controlled trials, RCTs, with inactive sham and k=5 open-label studies). DTMS was most commonly applied using high frequency/intensity (10-20 Hz/100-120% of the resting motor threshold, MT) protocols for 10-20 daily sessions in cases with alcohol, nicotine or cocaine use disorders. The outcome measures were craving and dependence (according to standardized scales) or consumption (frequency, abstinence or results of biological assays) at the end of the daily treatment phases and at the last follow-up. Results: Acute and longer-term (6-12 months) reductions in alcohol craving were observed after 20 sessions (20 Hz, 120% MT) relative to baseline in k=4 open-label studies with comorbid SUD and major depressive disorder (MDD). In k=2 RCTs without MDD, alcohol consumption acutely decreased after 10-12 sessions (10-20 Hz, 100-120% MT) relative to baseline or to sham. Alcohol craving was reduced only after higher frequency/intensity DTMS (20 Hz, 120% MT) relative to sham in k=1 RCT. Nicotine consumption was reduced and abstinence was increased after 13 sessions (10 Hz, 120% MT) and at the 6-month follow-up relative to sham in k=1 RCT. Cocaine craving was reduced after 12 sessions (15 Hz, 100% MT) and at the 2-month follow-up relative to baseline in k=1 open-label study while consumption was reduced after 12 sessions (10 Hz, 100% MT) relative to baseline but not to sham in k=1 RCT. Conclusions: High-frequency DTMS may be effective at treating some SUD both acutely and in the longer-term. Large RCTs with inactive sham are required to determine the efficacy and the optimal stimulation parameters of DTMS for the treatment of SUD.
Cognitive and neurophysiological recovery following electroconvulsive therapy: A study protocol$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) employs the elective induction of generalizes seizures as a potent treatment for severe psychiatric illness. As such, ECT provides an opportunity to rigorously study the recovery of consciousness, reconstitution of cognition, and electroencephalographic (EEG) activity following seizures. Fifteen patients with major depressive disorder refractory to pharmacologic therapy will be enrolled (Clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02761330). Adequate seizure duration will be confirmed following right unilateral ECT under etomidate anesthesia. Patients will then undergo randomization for the order in which they will receive three sequential treatments: etomidate + ECT, ketamine + ECT, and ketamine + sham ECT. Sessions will be repeated in the same sequence for a total of six treatments. Before each session, sensorimotor speed, working memory, and executive function will be assessed through a standardized cognitive test battery. After each treatment, the return of purposeful responsiveness to verbal command will be determined. At this point, serial cognitive assessments will begin using the same standardized test battery. The presence of delirium and changes in depression severity will also be ascertained. Sixty-four channel EEG will be acquired throughout baseline, ictal, and postictal epochs. Mixed-effects models will correlate the trajectories of cognitive recovery, clinical outcomes, and EEG metrics over time. This innovative research design will answer whether: (1) time to return of responsiveness will be prolonged with ketamine + ECT compared with ketamine + sham ECT; (2) time of restoration to baseline function in each cognitive domain will take longer after ketamine + ECT than after ketamine + sham ECT; (3) postictal delirium is associated with delayed restoration of baseline function in all cognitive domains; and (4) the sequence of reconstitution of cognitive domains following the three treatments in this study is similar to that occurring after an isoflurane general anesthetic (NCT01911195). Sub-studies will assess the relationships of cognitive recovery to the EEG preceding, concurrent, and following individual ECT sessions. Overall, this study will lead the development of biomarkers for tailoring the cogno-affective recovery of patients undergoing ECT.
Study adherence in a tDCS longitudinal clinical trial with people with spinal cord injury$$$ Study design: Secondary analysis of a clinical trial. Objectives: To analyze adherence to 1-year transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) clinical trial in people with chronic pain due to spinal cord injury (SCI). We also explore the association between dropout and several baseline variables such as age, depression levels, pain severity, number of days with pain in the last 7 days, walking ability, sleep, work, relationship with others, and enjoyment with life. Setting: Boston, USA. Methods: Forty-six participants were enrolled in this trial, and 33 participants were randomized to receive either active or sham tDCS. Results: Using the full intention-to-treat (ITT) criteria, only 8 participants (24%) finished the study. The median time to dropout was seven (IQR:6,19) sessions (i.e., immediately after the first follow-up), regardless of the type of stimulation that participants received (active vs. sham tDCS) (χ2 = 0.025, p = 0.875). An exploratory analysis suggested that only the number of days with pain in the last 7 days was moderately associated with dropout, with people experiencing less pain being more prone to dropout from the study. Conclusions: Despite all the measures to improve study adherence (such as providing parking, flexibility to schedule sessions, follow-up with participants by phone), it seems that long follow-up periods may increase the likelihood of dropout. Given the need to understand long-term effects of interventions, longitudinal trials need to consider alternative designs or methods of treatment (for instance home treatment or home assessment) to decrease attrition rate.
A pilot study of the comparative efficacy of 100 Hz magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in persistent depression$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel brain stimulation technique that uses a high-powered transcranial magnetic stimulation device to produce therapeutic seizures. Preliminary MST studies have found antidepressant effects in the absence of cognitive side effects but its efficacy compared to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the therapeutic efficacy and cognitive profile of MST compared to standard right unilateral ECT treatment. Methods: Thirty-seven patients completed a course of at least nine ECT or MST treatments in a randomized double-blind protocol. Assessments of depression severity and cognition were performed before and after treatment. Results: No difference in the antidepressant effectiveness between the treatments was seen across any of the clinical outcome measures, although the overall response rates in both groups were quite low. In regards to cognition, following MST there were significant improvements in tests of psychomotor speed, verbal memory, and cognitive inhibition, with no reductions in cognitive performance. Following ECT there was significant improvement in only one of the cognitive inhibition tasks. With respect to the between-group comparisons, the MST group showed a significantly greater improvement on psychomotor speed than ECT. Conclusions: MST showed similar efficacy to right unilateral ECT in patients with treatment-resistant depression without cognitive side effects but in a sample that was only of sufficient size to demonstrate relatively large differences in response between the two groups. Future research should aim to optimize the methods of MST administration and compare its efficacy to ECT in large randomized controlled trials.
Exploring alternative rTMS strategies in non-responders to standard high frequency left-sided treatment: A switching study$$$ Background: High-frequency left-sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is now commonly used treatment for patients with depression. However, there are several other forms of rTMS (low-frequency right-sided and sequential bilateral rTMS) which have also been shown to be effective. No information has been systematically gathered on the likelihood of response to alternative forms of rTMS in patients who do not improve after an initial course of left-sided treatment. Objective: To evaluate whether there are differences in antidepressant response between switching to either low-frequency right sided or sequential bilateral stimulation or continuing high-frequency left-sided TMS following non-response to an initial course of high-frequency left-sided rTMS. Methods: 113 rTMS naïve patients were provided with an initial three-week course of high-frequency left-sided rTMS. Non-responders were then randomised to receive another three weeks of left-sided treatment (n = 21), right-sided low frequency stimulation (n = 18) or sequential bilateral rTMS (n = 20). Results: Although there was an overall improvement in depressive symptoms in the randomised phase of the study, no significant differences in response was seen between the three treatment groups on Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale or Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores. Limitations: The main limitation of the study was the duration of treatment provided in both the lead in and random treatment phases. Conclusion: This study does not provide evidence for differences in response to different forms of rTMS in initial non-responders to left-sided stimulation. However, further studies with longer periods of treatment and a larger sample size are required to definitively establish or exclude between group differences in rTMS response in initial non-responders to treatment.
Changes in brain connectivity during a sham-controlled, transcranial magnetic stimulation trial for depression$$$ Background: The subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) has been implicated in major depressive disorder (MDD), and this study evaluated sgACC connectivity before and after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment. Methods: Thirty-two MDD patients entered a sham-controlled, double-blinded, randomized trial of rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlFPC). Subjects underwent resting state functional magnetic resonance imaging before and after 20 sessions of high frequency rTMS. Seed voxels identified the affective network (AN; sgACC, amygdala), default mode network (DMN; posterior cingulate cortex [PCC]), and fronto-parietal network (FPN; dlPFC stimulation site). Results: There was no significant effect of active rTMS over sham on the primary outcome measure (Montgomery-Asberg Depression Scale rating), with both groups improving over time, and no specific effect of rTMS (sham vs active) on connectivity. However, among patients who showed significant improvement, sgACC connectivity decreased for sham (to AN, trend to DMN) and active rTMS responders (to AN, DMN, FPN), but not in non-responders, who tended to maintain connectivity. Including subjects who started with sham but then received open-label active treatment, baseline connectivity from the PCC to the anterior insula was greater in non-responders compared to responders (n = 27, excluding 5 sham responders). Limitations: The sample size was small; the stimulation target was non-standard, and the lack of a significant clinical effect of rTMS limits conclusions about negative findings. Conclusions: sgACC connectivity reduces along with depressive symptoms, not specific to rTMS therapy. Altered connectivity of DMN with anterior insula may reflect a type of patient less likely to respond to an intervention.
Electroconvulsive therapy in the continuation and maintenance treatment of depression: Systematic review and meta-analyses$$$ Objective: Acute course of electroconvulsive therapy is effective in inducing remission from depression, but recurrence rate is unacceptably high following termination of electroconvulsive therapy despite continued pharmacotherapy. Continuation electroconvulsive therapy and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy have been studied for their efficacy in preventing relapse and recurrence of depression. The purpose of this meta-analysis was to examine the efficacy of continuation electroconvulsive therapy and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in preventing relapse and recurrence of depression in comparison to antidepressant pharmacotherapy alone. Methods: We searched MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, clinicaltrials.gov and Cochrane register of controlled trials from the database inception to December 2016 without restriction on language or publication status for randomized trials of continuation electroconvulsive therapy and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy. Two independent Cochrane reviewers extracted the data in accordance with Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines for systematic reviews and meta-analyses. The risk of bias was assessed using four domains of the Cochrane Collaboration Risk of Bias Tool. Outcomes were pooled using random effect model. The primary outcome was relapse or recurrence of depression. Results: Five studies involving 436 patients were included in the meta-analysis. Analysis of the pooled data showed that continuation electroconvulsive therapy and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy, both with pharmacotherapy, were associated with significantly fewer relapses and recurrences than pharmacotherapy alone at 6 months and 1 year after a successful acute course of electroconvulsive therapy (risk ratio = 0.64, 95% confidence interval = [0.41, 0.98], p = 0.04, risk ratio = 0.46, 95% confidence interval = [0.21, 0.98], p = 0.05, respectively). There was insufficient data to perform a meta-analysis of stand-alone continuation electroconvulsive therapy or maintenance electroconvulsive therapy beyond 1 year. Conclusion: There are only a few randomized trials of continuation electroconvulsive therapy and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy. The preliminary and limited evidence suggests the modest efficacy of continuation electroconvulsive therapy and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy with concomitant pharmacotherapy in preventing relapse and recurrence of depressive episodes for 1 year after the remission of index episode with the acute course of electroconvulsive therapy.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of deep brain stimulation for depression$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation is increasingly being used for treatment-resistant depression. Blinded, randomized controlled trials of active versus sham treatment have been limited to small numbers. Method: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis on the effectiveness of deep brain stimulation (DBS) in depression. Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, PubMed/Medline, Embase and PsycINFO, Chinese Biomedical Literature Service System, and China Knowledge Resource Integrated Database were searched for single- or double placebo-controlled, crossover, and parallel-group trials in which DBS was compared with sham treatment using validated scales. Results: Ten papers from nine studies met inclusion criteria, all but two of which were double-blinded RCTs. The main outcome was a reduction in depressive symptoms. It was possible to combine data for 190 participants. Patients on active, as opposed to sham, treatment had a significantly higher response (OR = 5.50; 95% CI = 2.79, 10.85; p <.0001) and reductions in mean depression score (SMD = –0.42; 95% CI = –0.72, -0.12; p =.006). However, the effect was attenuated on some of the subgroup and sensitivity analyses, and there were no differences for most other outcomes. In addition, 84 participants experienced a total of 131 serious adverse effects, although not all could be directly associated with the device or surgery. Finally, publication bias was possible. Conclusions: DBS may show promise for treatment-resistant depression but remains an experimental treatment until further data are available.
Clinical results from the theta burst versus high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation effectiveness evaluation in depression (THREE-D) randomized non-inferiority trial$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant major depressive disorder is common; repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using high frequency (10Hz) left-side dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) stimulation is an evidence-based treatment for this disorder. Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a newer form of rTMS that can be delivered in 3 min, versus 37.5 min for a standard 10Hz treatment session. Methods: This multi-site, randomized, non-inferiority clinical trial compared the effectiveness, safety and tolerability of iTBS versus 10Hz-rTMS. We randomized 414 participants aged 18- 65 with a current treatment-resistant major depressive episode to a course of 4-6 weeks of 10Hz or iTBS to the left DLPFC. The primary outcome measure was change in 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-17); secondary outcomes included response and remission rates, safety and tolerability. Non-inferiority margins were defined at 2.25 difference on HRSD-17, and at 15% and 10% for response/ remission rates respectively. Results: HRSD-17 scores improved from 23.5±4.3 to 13.1±7.6 for 10Hz and 23.4±4.2 to 13.1±7.9 for iTBS (adjusted difference, -0.052, 95%CI -1.35, p=0.0028), establishing noninferiority for iTBS. Response/remission rates were 48.6%/ 28.2% for 10Hz and 50.5%/33.1% for iTBS (adjusted differences, 2.0/5.1%, 95%CIs -7.0%/-3.1%, p<0.001), consistent with non-inferiority for iTBS. Self-rated pain was slightly higher for iTBS versus 10Hz (3.8/10±2.0 versus 3.4/10±2.0, p=0.028); however, dropout rates did not differ between groups (10Hz, 6%; iTBS, 8%; p=0.655). Conclusions: In patients with medication-resistant depression, iTBS achieved non-inferior status for reduction in depression symptoms versus 10Hz rTMS as well as for response/remission rates. Both treatments had low drop-out rates and similar tolerability.
Anterior cingulate cortex connectivity and treatment response prediction to rTMS in depression$$$ Background: Connectivity measures involving several loci within the anterior cingulate cortex have been shown to predict response in MDD. However, no direct comparison of predictive power of these regions has been attempted. We aimed at investigating the predictive accuracy of the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) and the rostral cingulate cortex (rACC) Methods: 62 patients with treatment resistant depression were recruited and randomized to receive either 10Hz rTMS or intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation to the Left-Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPFC). Resting State fMRI was acquired before treatment initiation and a priori seed-driven functional connectivity analysis was conducted to discover connectivity pairs to investigate their outcome predictive capacity. Results: Functional connectivity between sgACC-DLPFC and rACC-right lateral parietal cortex (LPC) demonstrated classification accuracy rate of 84% (AUC 0.87; CI, 0.76 to 0.98; p<0.001) and 76% (AUC 0.75; CI, 0.61 to 0.89; p=0.001) respectively. Furthermore, higher connectivity values in sgACC-DLPFC were associated with more improvement of symptoms, while higher connectivity values in rACC-LPC were associated to less improvement of symptoms. Conclusions: Functional connectivity patterns of sgACC and rACC may provide predictive biomarkers of treatment response to rTMS.
Resting-state fMRI predictors and mechanisms of rTMS treatment response: Neuroimaging results of the THREE-D study$$$ Background: Conventional rTMS for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) targets the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using 10 Hz stimulation over 37.5 minutes. Briefer protocols like intermittent theta burst (iTBS) has the potential to improve treatment accessibility. However, it is not fully understood what aspects of brain connectivity are associated with either/both rTMS protocols. The aim of this study was to identify resting-state fMRI predictors and mechanisms of antidepressant response to 10 Hz and iTBS stimulation over the left DLPFC. Methods: 303 MDD patients randomized to either once daily iTBS or 10 Hz over left DLPFC for 4-6 weeks were included. Primary treatment outcomes included the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and Beck Depression Inventory. On MRI, patients underwent a T1 anatomical and 10-minute resting-state functional scan before and after treatment. We completed a seed-to-voxel based approach using cortical and striatal seeds to identify predictors and mechanisms of treatment response. Results: Among all participants, low baseline connectivity stemming from nodes of the salience network corticostriatal loop were predictive of response for both iTBS and 10Hz rTMS (cluster p<0.01). Furthermore, increases in salience network corticostriatal connectivity from pre- to post-rTMS accompanied antidepressant response (cluster p<0.01). Conclusions: Imaging results identified predictors and correlates of antidepressant response that implicates networklevel corticostriatal loops. This study represents a step to understanding maladaptive network interactions in MDD, and the impact of non-invasive brain stimulation techniques on modulating brain network connectivity.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) for the affective symptoms of chronic low back pain (CLBP): A double-blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: “Pain” has sensory and affective (emotional) components. CLBP's affective symptoms underlie associated disability and psychiatric comorbidity and have limited treatments (e.g. cognitive behavioral therapy); consequently, there is over-reliance on opioid analgesics with deleterious side effects. tDCS may noninvasively modulate pain-related affective distress. We present full analysis of a first multi-site, double-blinded, randomized placebo-controlled trial (RCT) of tDCS targeting left dorsal anterior cingulate cortex, a region implicated in pain's affective component, in CLBP patients. Methods: Twenty-one participants completed the study. Carbon-rubber electrodes within 5x7 cm saline-saturated sponges were placed over FC1 (10-20 EEG coordinates) and the contralateral mastoid. We adapted this empirically-based montage from our prior work and verified it with post-hoc electric-field modeling. Participants received 10 daily sessions of sham or active tDCS (20 minutes/session, 2mA, cathodal polarity relative to return electrode) and rated pain-related intensity (DVPRS), acceptance (CPAQ-8), interference (WHYMPI General Activity Subscale), disability (RMDQ), and anxiety (PASS-20), as well as depression (PHQ-9). Results: Regression analysis noted significantly improved WHYMPI General Activity (p=0.002), RMDQ (p=0.001), and PHQ-9 (p=0.003) scores at 6-week follow up with active vs. sham tDCS. Although not statistically significant, active tDCS had medium effects for Day 1 (jdj=0.49) and 10 (jdj=0.35) CPAQ-8. Participants prescribed opioids had significantly lower Day 1 CPAQ-8 (p<0.001) than non-opioid participants. Conclusions: Participants who received active tDCS showed improvements in pain disability and depression. Future studies would benefit from larger double-blinded RCTs to increase power.
Longitudinal structural covariance associated with antidepressant electroconvulsive therapy response$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is highly prevalent and symptomatically heterogeneous. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) total score is commonly used to evaluate clinical improvement regardless of symptom heterogeneity. Here, we explore how HDRS symptom dimensions covary with structural imaging measures during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: 157 ECT patients (age=49.5+/-4.3 years; 96 females) from 4 sites in the Global ECT-MRI Research Collaboration experiencing a DSM-IV defined MDD episode were included. Prior to and following ECT, patients underwent structural MRI and the17-item HDRS assessed symptoms. Bayesian estimation identified HDRS items credibly reduced by ECT; oblimin rotations identified the factor structure of these items. MRIs were segmented using FreeSurfer. Withinsubject structural covariance was described by graph-based node degree distributions (NDD) from the pairwise ratios of regional percent structural changes over ECT. NDD was obtained by thresholding matrices of each subject's regional ratios at k successive levels to produce k adjacency matrices from which NDD was calculated. NDD reflects a specific regions degree of change relative to other regions. Random forest regression related HDRS factors to NDD. Results: Five HDRS items, depressed mood, guilt, suicide, work, and psychic anxiety, improved with ECT and loaded onto a single factor (F1). Permutation tests showed that the overall regression model significantly predicted F1 (RMSE=0.67;p<0.01). NDD of right anterior and medial temporal lobe structures were most associated with F1. Conclusions: ECT robustly reduces a subset of core MDD symptoms. The reduction of these symptoms is associated with relative degrees of volumetric change in right temporal structures.
Concurrent antidepressant use is not associated with different rTMS treatment outcomes for major depressive disorder in a sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) who do not respond to, or are unable to tolerate pharmacological treatments. The large regulatory controlled clinical trials establishing TMS efficacy prohibited concurrent use of psychotropic medications. Few studies have examined the effect of concurrent medication on rTMS outcomes. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial examined the efficacy of 2-coil TMS in MDD subjects who were allowed to continue stable doses of their prior medications (n=92) (Carpenter et al 2017). 20 daily rTMS treatment were delivered at 10 Hz (maximum summated power for both coils <=120% of motor threshold) with coil centers positioned over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC). Results: In the intention-to-treat (ITT) sample (n=92), concurrent antidepressant use (all pharmacological classes combined) was not a significant predictor of response (p=0.6) or remission(p=0.6); results were similar for the per-protocol sample (n=75). Among those who received active stimulation (n=47), no category of concurrent medication except opioid analgesic use was a significant predictor. Concurrent opioid use during rTMS predicted inferior outcome at trend level (p<0.10). Conclusions: rTMS treatment outcome was not contingent on, or accounted for, by concurrent antidepressant use in this controlled trial, refuting the notion of synergistic effect from medication plus stimulation.
Resting-state EEG source analysis in depressed patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and magnetic seizure therapy (MST) are highly effective treatment strategies for patients with severe depression. Presently, the mechanisms of action for ECT and MST are unclear. In this study, we investigate spectral activity and functional connectivity changes in predefined neural circuits associated with depression using resting-state electroencephalogram (EEG). Methods: Patients were participants in a double blind, randomized controlled trial that contrasted the efficacy and side effects of ECT and MST. We included 10 patients (age 48.6 ± 9.2, 6 males, 7 ECT) for resting EEG analysis. EEG preprocessing was conducted using MATLAB EEGLAB toolbox. Reconstruction of the electrical activity of the brain in a 3D model and estimation of functional localization and connectivity were performed using Low-Resolution Electromagnetic Tomography (LORETA). We performed network parcellation using the Harvard-Oxford Atlas (HOA) and Broadman areas. Results: In the eyes open condition, there was increased theta connectivity between left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) in responders compared to non-responders (p < .001). A similar increase was detected between right DLPFC and orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) (p < .001). In the eyes closed condition, we found decreased gamma power in the middle frontal gyrus for responders (p < .05). Conclusions: Results suggest DLPFC, ACC and OFC regions are involved in the mechanism of action for ECT and MST. Changes in theta and gamma power may be an indicator of treatment response, or could be associated with cognitive impairments after treatment.
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation rapidly attenuates depressive symptoms and suicide ideation in major depression: Insights from brain perfusion and functional connectivity$$$ Background: Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation paradigms have been shown to result in fast decreases in depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation. However, the neural working mechanisms behind this prompt attenuation on mood and suicidal thoughts, also after having received placebo stimulation, remains to be determined. Methods: We present our recent brain imaging findings of an accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) protocol in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) focusing on arterial spin labeling (ASL) and subgenual anterior cingulate cortical (sgACC) functional connectivity (FC). By using a cross-over within-subjects design, 50 TRD patients received 20 iTBS sessions applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (5 daily sessions spread over 4 days). Results: Beneficial clinical outcome by active aiTBS strengthened sgACC - medial orbitofrontal cortex FC patterns which were associated with a decrease in feelings of hopelessness. Sham aiTBS specifically attenuated frontopolar perfusion in relation to reductions in suicidal ideation. Conclusions: Our observations suggest possible neurobiological mechanisms why accelerated rTMS paradigms in depressed patients may result in prompt decreases in negative thinking.
Cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation treatment in patients with major depressive disorder: An individual patient data meta-analysis of randomised sham controlled trials$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has emerged as a promising new treatment for major depression. While recent randomised sham controlled studies found tDCS to have antidepressant effects, it remains to be determined whether a tDCS treatment course may also enhance cognitive function independent of mood effects in depressed patients. Methods: This systematic review and individual patient data (IPD) meta-analysis examined cognitive outcomes from randomised sham controlled trials of tDCS treatment for major depression. Cognitive outcomes were examined for 12 outcomes, which covered key cognitive domains of global cognitive functioning, verbal memory, executive functioning, attention and working memory. Subgroup analyses examined whether tDCS effects on cognitive function differed according to certain patient level characteristics. Seven randomised sham controlled trials (n=478 participants, 260 in active and 218 in sham) of tDCS for major depression (unipolar and bipolar) were included in the analysis. Results: Quality assessments showed that the risk of bias was low. Results showed no cognitive enhancement after active tDCS compared to sham for the 12 cognitive function outcomes investigated. Active relative to sham tDCS treatment was associated with reduced performance gains on a measure of processing speed (b= -0.33, 95% CI -0.58; -0.08, p=0.011). This effect was greater in participants who were female, had unipolar depression, or had higher pretreatment global cognitive functioning. Conclusions: Active tDCS treatment for depression did not show cognitive benefits independent of mood effects. Rather, tDCS treatment relative to sham stimulation for major depression may instead be associated with a reduction in processing speed gains.
Cognitive effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for late-life depression$$$ Background: Late-life depression (LLD) is a growing global public health issue due to demographic changes. LLD is associated with cognitive functioning impairment. Deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging treatment for depression in younger adults associated with improved cognition; however, the impact of deep rTMS on cognition in LLD has not been explored. Methods: We randomized adults 60-85 years (n=52) with major depressive disorder (MDD) to sham or active deep rTMS (H1 coil, 6012 pulses, 18Hz, 120% resting motor threshold) delivered over the dorsolateral and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex five days per week over four weeks. Cognitive outcomes were the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of the Neuropsychological Status (RBANS) and two Delis-Kaplan Executive Function System (DKEFS) subscales: Color Word Interference (DKEFS-CWI) and Trail Making Test (DKEFSTMT). The analysis used a linear mixed effects model for repeated measures and the primary outcome was group x time interaction. Results: Active rTMS was superior to sham at achieving remission. The effect of time did not differ between active and sham deep rTMS for cognitive outcomes. We found a significant effect of time for: total RBANS (F=37.1;d.f.=44.6;p<0.001); RBANS subscales immediate memory (F=12.5;d.f.=45.1; p<0.001), delayed memory (F=45.8; d.f.=45.1;p<0.001), language (F=9.6;d.f.=47.3;p=0.003); and DKEFS-CWI (inhibition condition) (F=9.5;d.f.=45.7;p=0.003). All changes represented improvements from baseline. Conclusions: There was non-specific improvement in cognitive functioning in LLD with both sham and active deep rTMS. Despite improvement in depressive symptoms, active deep rTMS was not associated with improved cognitive functioning compared to sham. Further analysis of cognitive changes in remitters compared to non-remitters is warranted.
Speed of remission of suicidality for low amplitude seizure therapy (LAP-ST) versus right unilateral ultra-brief ECT$$$ Background: Standard ECT is indicated in many guidelines and some studies for acute remission of suicidality. The effect of a novel form of ECT: low amplitude seizure therapy (LAPECT) on suicidality is unknown. The aim of this report is to: 1) Provide an interim/safety analysis of a randomized clinical trial of LAP-ST versus Right Unilateral (RUL) standard ECT (ClinicalTrials.gov ID: NCT02583490), 2) Determine the speed of remission of suicidality between the 2 study conditions. Methods: Ten patients clinically indicated for ECT in major depressive episodes consented to this study. Patients were randomized to either LAP-ST or standard ECT (both 3 times/ week). The scores pertaining to the suicidal ideation (SI) item on the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) were analyzed using an independent-sample t-test to compare the 2 arms of the study. SI item remission was defined as clinically non-significant suicidality of 2 or below. Results: In both groups, suicidality remitted by session 3 on average; and remission occurred for all patients by session 4. There was no significant difference in the SI change score for the LAP-ST group (5.0, SD=1.0) compared to standard RUL ECT group (3.0, SD=1.0) conditions; t(4)=-2.45, p = 0.07 Conclusions: In this pilot interim analysis, LAP-ST seems safe in terms of having fast remission of suicidality in depressed patients, and the remission was not different than standard ECT. These findings warrant replication in larger clinical trials.
Open trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in youth with treatment-resistant major depression$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is common in youth and treatment options are limited. We evaluated the effectiveness and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in adolescents and transitional aged youth with treatment-resistant MDD. Methods: Thirty-two outpatients with moderate to severe, treatment-resistant MDD, aged 13 e 21 years underwent a three-week, open-label, single center trial of rTMS. rTMS was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using neuronavigation and administered for 15 consecutive weekdays (120% rest motor threshold; 40 pulses over 4 seconds [10 Hz]; inter-train interval, 26 seconds; 75 trains; 3000 pulses). The primary outcome measure was change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (Ham-D). Treatment response was defined as a greater than 50% reduction in Ham-D scores. Safety and tolerability were also examined. Results: rTMS was effective in reducing MDD symptom severity (t = 8.94, df = 31, p < 0.00001). We observed 18 (56%) responders (greater than 50% reduction in Ham-D score) and 14 non-responders to rTMS. Fourteen subjects (44%) achieved remission (Ham-D score - 7 post-rTMS). There were no serious adverse events (i.e. seizures). Mild to moderate, self-limiting headaches (19%) and mild neck pain (16%) were reported. Participants ranked rTMS as highly tolerable. The retention rate was 91% and compliance rate (completing all study events) was 99%. Conclusions: Our single center, open trial suggests that rTMS is a safe and effective treatment for youth with treatment- resistant MDD. Larger randomized controlled trials are needed.
The efficacy of Life Review Therapy combined with Memory Specificity Training (LRT-MST) targeting cancer patients in palliative care: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of an intervention combining Life Review Therapy (LRT) and Memory Specificity Training (MST) (LRT-MST) to improve ego-integrity and despair among cancer patients in palliative care. Methods In this multicentre randomized controlled trial, cancer patients in palliative care were randomized to the intervention group (LRT-MST; n = 55) or waiting-list control group (n = 52). LRT-MST is a 4-session home-based psychological intervention that aims to retrieve specific positive memories, to re-evaluate life events and to reconstruct the story of a patient’s life, including the diagnosis of incurable cancer. Outcome measures were ego-integrity and despair (NEIS), psychological distress, anxiety and depression (HADS), quality of life (EORTC QLQ-C15-PAL), and specificity of the autobiographical memory (AMT). NEIS, HADS and EORTC QLQ-C15-PAL were assessed at baseline (T0), 1 month later (post-treatment; T1), and at 1 month follow-up (T2). AMT was assessed at T0 and T1. Linear mixed models (intention to treat) were used to assess group differences in changes over time. Independent samples t-tests were used to assess group differences at T0, T1, and T2, and effect sizes (ES) were calculated at T1 and T2. Results The course of ego-integrity (not despair) improved significantly over time (p = .007) in the intervention group compared to the waiting-list control group, with moderate, but insignificant, effect sizes at T1 (ES = .42) and T2 (ES = .48). Compliance rate was 69% and total dropout rate was 28%, both primarily related to disease progression and death. Conclusions LRT-MST seems effective among cancer patients in palliative care to improve the course of ego-integrity.
Modulation of electrophysiology by transcranial direct current stimulation in psychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ Objective Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation technique increasingly used to relieve symptoms of psychiatric disorders. Electrophysiologic markers, such as electroencephalography (EEG) and event-related potentials (ERP), have high temporal resolution sensitive to detect plastic changes of the brain associated with symptomatic improvement following tDCS application. Methods We performed systematic review to identify electrophysiological markers that reflect tDCS effects on plastic brain changes in psychiatric disorders. A total of 638 studies were identified by searching PubMed, Embase, psychINFPO. Of these, 21 full-text articles were assessed eligible and included in the review. Results Although the reviewed studies were heterogeneous in their choices of tDCS protocols, targeted electrophysiological markers, and disease entities, their results strongly support EEG/ERPs to sensitively reflect plastic brain changes and the associated symptomatic improvement following tDCS. Conclusion EEG/ERPs may serve a potent tool in revealing the mechanisms underlying psychiatric symptoms, as well as in localizing the brain area targeted for stimulation. Future studies in each disease entities employing consistent tDCS protocols and electrophysiological markers would be necessary in order to substantiate and further elaborate the findings of studies included in the present systematic review.
Effect of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on corticol excitability in patients with major depression$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can enhance or depress cortical excitability depending on stimulation frequency and intensity. These features of rTMS may be related to its antidepressant action that has been recently demonstrated. Changes in cortical excitability may also play an important role in the mechanisms of action of other antidepressant treatments, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in particular. Methods: Twenty-two patients with MD were randomized to receive either ECT + rTMS or ECT + sham rTMS in a double blind design. ECT was given twice weekly and 12 rTMS was applied throughout 3 weeks. rTMS was administered to the right prefrontal cortex with a circular coil. 900 stimuli in each session were delivered at a rate of 1 Hz and at an intensity of 110% of the resting motor threshold (rMT). Severity of depression was assessed by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). The rMT and the size of motor evoked potential (MEP) were assessed before and after ECT. The MEP/M-wave area ratio was then calculated by dividing the MEP area by the maximal M-wave area obtained after electrical stimulation of the median nerve. For assessment of changes in the intra-cortical inhibition (ICI) and intra-cortical facilitation (ICF), the standard paired-pulse TMS paradigm was used at baseline and after the last ECT. The inter-hemispheric (IHR) ratio was calculated as Rt/Lt for each MEP parameter. Results: 19 out of the 22 patients showed a marked clinical improvement treatments. The left aMT was significantly decreased following 6 ECTs. This was associated with significant change of the rMT inter-hemispheric ratio towards a relative decrease of the left hemisphere rMT indicating enhancement of the excitability in the left hemisphere. Only those patients who improved following ECT or ECT + TMS, had a significant increase of the MEP/M-wave area ratio in the left hemisphere but not in the right hemisphere. Each ECT caused an increase of MEP size in the left hemisphere. The cumulative effect of ECT on the left hemisphere MEP size was significant after 3 ECTs. Paired-pulse TMS paradigm revealed a significant reduction of the intracortical inhibition only in the left hemisphere in patients who clinically improved Conclusion: ECT causes a relative decrease of motor thresholds to TMS in the left hemisphere. The antidepressant effect of ECT is associated with an increase of the MEP size and reduction of the intracortical inhibition in the left hemisphere. These findings suggest that enhancement of left hemispheric excitability may be related to therapeutic effect of ECT. Similar results were obtained in patients who improved in response to antidepressant medication or rTMS. Taken together, this may suggest that an increase of left hemispheric excitability is shared by different antidepressant treatments and might be related to their therapeutic effect. rTMS as applied in our study does not seem to have an additive effect on cortical excitability and does not enhance the therapeutic effect of ECT.
Bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation decreases suicidal ideation in depression$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on suicidal ideation in patients with treatment-resistant major depression (TRD) (patients who failed to clinically respond to at least 2 medication trials). Methods: We pooled data from 2 published prospective randomized controlled trials of rTMS applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with TRD. We compared the effect of bilateral, left unilateral, and sham rTMS on suicidal ideation as measured by the suicide item of the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) (N = 156). Results: Suicidal ideation resolved in 40.4%, 26.8%, and 18.8% of participants randomized to bilateral, left unilateral, and sham rTMS, respectively. The difference between bilateral and sham was significant (OR = 3.03; 95% CI, 1.19-7.71; P = .02), unlike the difference between left unilateral and sham (OR = 1.59; 95% CI, 0.61-4.12; P = .33). There was a modest correlation between change in suicidal ideation and change in depression severity (Pearson r = 0.38; P < .001) and no difference in change of HDRS-16 score between suicide remitters and nonremitters (P = .32). Conclusions: Bilateral rTMS was superior to sham rTMS in reducing suicidal ideation in patients with TRD. Only a small portion of the reduction in suicidal ideation was attributable to the reduction in depressive symptoms. These data suggest that suicidal ideation could be a specific target symptom construct for rTMS.
Effectiveness of theta burst versus high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression (THREE-D): a randomised non-inferiority trial$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant major depressive disorder is common; repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) by use of high-frequency (10 Hz) left-side dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation is an evidence-based treatment for this disorder. Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a newer form of rTMS that can be delivered in 3 min, versus 37·5 min for a standard 10 Hz treatment session. We aimed to establish the clinical effectiveness, safety, and tolerability of iTBS compared with standard 10 Hz rTMS in adults with treatment-resistant depression. Methods: In this randomised, multicentre, non-inferiority clinical trial, we recruited patients who were referred to specialty neurostimulation centres based at three Canadian university hospitals (Centre for Addiction and Mental Health and Toronto Western Hospital, Toronto, ON, and University of British Columbia Hospital, Vancouver, BC). Participants were aged 18–65 years, were diagnosed with a current treatment-resistant major depressive episode or could not tolerate at least two antidepressants in the current episode, were receiving stable antidepressant medication doses for at least 4 weeks before baseline, and had an HRSD-17 score of at least 18. Participants were randomly allocated (1:1) to treatment groups (10 Hz rTMS or iTBS) by use of a random permuted block method, with stratification by site and number of adequate trials in which the antidepressants were unsuccessful. Treatment was delivered open-label but investigators and outcome assessors were masked to treatment groups. Participants were treated with 10 Hz rTMS or iTBS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, administered on 5 days a week for 4–6 weeks. The primary outcome measure was change in 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-17) score, with a non-inferiority margin of 2·25 points. For the primary outcome measure, we did a per-protocol analysis of all participants who were randomly allocated to groups and who attained the primary completion point of 4 weeks. This trial is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT01887782. Findings: Between Sept 3, 2013, and Oct 3, 2016, we randomly allocated 205 participants to receive 10 Hz rTMS and 209 participants to receive iTBS. 192 (94%) participants in the 10 Hz rTMS group and 193 (92%) in the iTBS group were assessed for the primary outcome after 4–6 weeks of treatment. HRSD-17 scores improved from 23·5 (SD 4·4) to 13·4 (7·8) in the 10 Hz rTMS group and from 23·6 (4·3) to 13·4 (7·9) in the iTBS group (adjusted difference 0·01, lower 95% CI −1·16; p=0·0011), which indicated non-inferiority of iTBS. Self-rated intensity of pain associated with treatment was greater in the iTBS group than in the 10 Hz rTMS group (mean score on verbal analogue scale 3·8 [SD 2·0] vs 3·4 [2·0] out of 10; p=0·011). Dropout rates did not differ between groups (10 Hz rTMS: 13 [6%] of 205 participants; iTBS: 16 [8%] of 209 participants); p=0·6004). The most common treatment-related adverse event was headache in both groups (10 Hz rTMS: 131 [64%] of 204; iTBS: 136 [65%] of 208). Interpretation: In patients with treatment-resistant depression, iTBS was non-inferior to 10 Hz rTMS for the treatment of depression. Both treatments had low numbers of dropouts and similar side-effects, safety, and tolerability profiles. By use of iTBS, the number of patients treated per day with current rTMS devices can be increased several times without compromising clinical effectiveness. Funding: Canadian Institutes of Health Research.
Erythropoietin as an add-on treatment for cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy: A study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment for severe depression, but its use is impeded by its cognitive side effects. Novel treatments that can counteract these side effects may therefore improve current treatment strategies for depression. The present randomized trial investigates (1) whether short-term add-on treatment with erythropoietin (EPO) can reduce the cognitive side -effects of ECT and (2) whether such effects are long-lasting. Further, structural and functional magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) will be used to explore the neural underpinnings of such beneficial effects of EPO. Finally, the trial examines whether potential protective effects of EPO on cognition are accompanied by changes in markers of oxidative stress, inflammation, and neuroplasticity. Methods/design: The trial has a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, parallel group design. Patients with unipolar or bipolar disorder with current moderate to severe depression referred to ECT (N = 52) are randomized to receive four high-dose infusions of EPO (40,000 IU/ml) or placebo (saline). The first EPO/saline infusion is administered within 24 h before the first ECT. The following three infusions are administered at weekly intervals immediately after ECT sessions 1, 4, and 7. Cognition assessments are conducted at baseline, after the final EPO/saline infusion (3 days after eight ECT sessions), and at a 3 months follow-up after ECT treatment completion. The neuronal substrates for potential cognitive benefits of EPO are investigated with structural and functional MRI after the final EPO/saline infusion. The primary outcome is change from baseline to after EPO treatment (3 days after eight ECT sessions) in a cognitive composite score spanning attention, psychomotor speed, and executive functions. With a sample size of N = 52 (n = 26 per group), we have ≥80% power to detect a clinically relevant between-group difference in the primary outcome measure at an alpha level of 5% (two-sided test). Behavioral, mood, and blood-biomarker data will be analyzed using repeated measures analysis of covariance. Functional MRI data will be preprocessed and analyzed using the FMRIB Software Library. Discussion: If EPO is found to reduce the cognitive side effects of ECT, this could have important implications for future treatment strategies for depression and for the scientific understanding of the neurobiological etiology of cognitive dysfunction in patients treated with ECT.
Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques for chronic pain$$$ Background: This is an updated version of the original Cochrane Review published in 2010, Issue 9, and last updated in 2014, Issue 4. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques aim to induce an electrical stimulation of the brain in an attempt to reduce chronic pain by directly altering brain activity. They include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), cranial electrotherapy stimulation (CES), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) and reduced impedance non-invasive cortical electrostimulation (RINCE). Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy of non-invasive cortical stimulation techniques in the treatment of chronic pain. Search methods: For this update we searched CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, CINAHL, PsycINFO, LILACS and clinical trials registers from July 2013 to October 2017. Selection criteria: Randomised and quasi-randomised studies of rTMS, CES, tDCS, RINCE and tRNS if they employed a sham stimulation control group, recruited patients over the age of 18 years with pain of three months' duration or more, and measured pain as an outcome. Outcomes of interest were pain intensity measured using visual analogue scales or numerical rating scales, disability, quality of life and adverse events. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently extracted and verified data. Where possible we entered data into meta-analyses, excluding studies judged as high risk of bias. We used the GRADE system to assess the quality of evidence for core comparisons, and created three 'Summary of findings' tables. Main results: We included an additional 38 trials (involving 1225 randomised participants) in this update, making a total of 94 trials in the review (involving 2983 randomised participants). This update included a total of 42 rTMS studies, 11 CES, 36 tDCS, two RINCE and two tRNS. One study evaluated both rTMS and tDCS. We judged only four studies as low risk of bias across all key criteria. Using the GRADE criteria we judged the quality of evidence for each outcome, and for all comparisons as low or very low; in large part this was due to issues of blinding and of precision. rTMS Meta-analysis of rTMS studies versus sham for pain intensity at short-term follow-up (0 to < 1 week postintervention), (27 studies, involving 655 participants), demonstrated a small effect with heterogeneity (standardised mean difference (SMD) -0.22, 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.29 to -0.16, low-quality evidence). This equates to a 7% (95% CI 5% to 9%) reduction in pain, or a 0.40 (95% CI 0.53 to 0.32) point reduction on a 0 to 10 pain intensity scale, which does not meet the minimum clinically important difference threshold of 15% or greater. Pre-specified subgroup analyses did not find a difference between low-frequency stimulation (low-quality evidence) and rTMS applied to the prefrontal cortex compared to sham for reducing pain intensity at short-term follow-up (very low-quality evidence). High-frequency stimulation of the motor cortex in single-dose studies was associated with a small short-term reduction in pain intensity at short-term follow-up (low-quality evidence, pooled n = 249, SMD -0.38 95% CI -0.49 to -0.27). This equates to a 12% (95% CI 9% to 16%) reduction in pain, or a 0.77 (95% CI 0.55 to 0.99) point change on a 0 to 10 pain intensity scale, which does not achieve the minimum clinically important difference threshold of 15% or greater. The results from multiple-dose studies were heterogeneous and there was no evidence of an effect in this subgroup (very low-quality evidence). We did not find evidence that rTMS improved disability. Meta-analysis of studies of rTMS versus sham for quality of life (measured using the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) at short-term follow-up demonstrated a positive effect (MD -10.80 95% CI -15.04 to -6.55, low-quality evidence). CES For CES (five studies, 270 participants) we found no evidence of a difference between active stimulation and sham (SMD -0.24, 95% CI -0.48 to 0.01, low-quality evidence) for pain intensity. We found no evidence relating to the effectiveness of CES on disability. One study (36 participants) of CES versus sham for quality of life (measured using the FIQ) at short-term follow-up demonstrated a positive effect (MD -25.05 95% CI -37.82 to -12.28, very low-quality evidence). tDCS Analysis of tDCS studies (27 studies, 747 participants) showed heterogeneity and a difference between active and sham stimulation (SMD -0.43 95% CI -0.63 to -0.22, very low-quality evidence) for pain intensity. This equates to a reduction of 0.82 (95% CI 0.42 to 1.2) points, or a percentage change of 17% (95% CI 9% to 25%) of the control group outcome. This point estimate meets our threshold for a minimum clinically important difference, though the lower confidence interval is substantially below that threshold. We found evidence of small study bias in the tDCS analyses. We did not find evidence that tDCS improved disability. Meta-analysis of studies of tDCS versus sham for quality of life (measured using different scales across studies) at short-term follow-up demonstrated a positive effect (SMD 0.66 95% CI 0.21 to 1.11, low-quality evidence). Adverse events All forms of non-invasive brain stimulation and sham stimulation appear to be frequently associated with minor or transient side effects and there were two reported incidences of seizure, both related to the active rTMS intervention in the included studies. However many studies did not adequately report adverse events. Authors' conclusions: There is very low-quality evidence that single doses of high-frequency rTMS of the motor cortex and tDCS may have short-term effects on chronic pain and quality of life but multiple sources of bias exist that may have influenced the observed effects. We did not find evidence that low-frequency rTMS, rTMS applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and CES are effective for reducing pain intensity in chronic pain. The broad conclusions of this review have not changed substantially for this update. There remains a need for substantially larger, rigorously designed studies, particularly of longer courses of stimulation. Future evidence may substantially impact upon the presented results.
Modulating Emotion Perception: Opposing Effects of Inhibitory and Excitatory Prefrontal Cortex Stimulation$$$ Background: Excitatory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of adult patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD). This stimulation is supposed to restore excitability of prefrontal cortex regions that exhibit diminished regulation of emotion-generative systems in MDD. Based on the valence lateralization hypothesis, inhibitory rTMS of the right dlPFC has also been applied in MDD. This approach has proved to be effective, although meta-analyses of emotional perception and affective regulation in healthy control subjects and patients with depression do not support functional asymmetries within dlPFC regions. Methods: To shed more light on this discrepancy, the effects of excitatory and inhibitory rTMS of the right dlPFC on visual emotional perception were compared in two groups of 41 healthy participants overall. Before and after rTMS stimulation, participants viewed fearful and neutral faces while whole-head magnetoencephalography was recorded and supplemented by behavioral tests. Results: Visual sensory processing of fearful facial expressions, relative to neutral facial expressions, was reduced after excitatory stimulation and was increased after inhibitory stimulation within right occipital and right temporal regions. Correspondingly, after excitatory rTMS compared with inhibitory rTMS, participants displayed relatively reduced reaction times in an emotion discrimination task and showed reduced emotional arousal. Conclusions: These results support the hypothesis that excitatory rTMS compared with inhibitory rTMS of the right dlPFC strengthens top-down control of aversive stimuli in healthy control subjects, which should encourage more research on mechanisms of excitatory/inhibitory dlPFC-rTMS protocols in general and on neuromodulatory treatment of MDD.
Anaesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy - New tricks for old drugs: A systematic review$$$ Objective: The objective of this review is to investigate existing literature in order to delineate whether the use of anaesthesia and timing of seizure induction in a new and optimised way may improve the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: PubMed/MEDLINE was searched for existing literature, last search on 24 June 2015. Relevant clinical studies on human subjects involving choice of anaesthetic, ventilation and bispectral index (BIS) monitoring in the ECT setting were considered. The references of relevant studies were likewise considered. Results: Propofol yields the shortest seizures, etomidate and ketamine the longest. Etomidate and ketamine+propofol 1 : 1 seems to yield the seizures with best quality. Seizure quality is improved when induction of ECT is delayed until the effect of the anaesthetic has waned - possibly monitored with BIS values. Manual hyperventilation with 100% O2 may increase the pO2/pCO2-ratio, which may be correlated with better seizure quality. Conclusion: Etomidate or a 1 : 1 ketamine and propofol combination may be the best method to achieve general anaesthesia in the ECT setting. There is a need for large randomised prospective studies comparing the effect of methohexital, thiopental, propofol, ketamine, propofol+ketamine 1 : 1 and etomidate in the ECT treatment of major depressed patients. These studies should investigate safety and side effects, and most importantly have antidepressant efficacy and cognitive side effects as outcome measures instead of seizure quality.
Complementary and alternative therapies for restless legs syndrome: An evidence-based systematic review$$$ Restless legs syndrome (RLS) is defined as an irresistible urge to move the legs, which is usually accompanied by paresthesias or dysesthesias at least twice weekly, and affects 2%–4% of adults in Europe and North America. This systematic review assesses the current complementary and alternative options for RLS and the potential benefits of those treatments on sleep quality, mood disorder, and quality of life. A systematic search of the PubMed, Embase, Cochrane, and Web of Science databases was conducted. Eighteen studies met the inclusion criterion, which included the use of the international RLS study group criteria. Complementary and alternative therapies have been found to be effective in both primary and secondary RLS. The severity of primary RLS symptoms can be significantly ameliorated by exercise training, transcutaneous spinal direct current stimulation, pneumatic compression devices, light therapy, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, and acupuncture. Pneumatic compression devices and yoga also improve RLS-related disorders. Exercise training is highly efficacious in the reduction of symptom severity in uremic RLS and related effects such as poor quality of life. Endovenous laser ablation may be a good choice for patients with concurrent RLS and superficial venous insufficiency.
Testing cortical rtms targets to improve psychomotor slowing in schizophrenia and major depression in a randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled trial$$$ Background: Psychomotor retardation is a frequent symptom of schizophrenia spectrum disorders and major depressive disorders, which hampers functional outcome. Neuroimaging studies have pointed to aberrant connectivity between cortical and subcortical components of the motor system in subjects with psychomotor retardation. Furthermore, increased neural activity was noted in premotor areas in subjects with severe motor inhibition. Interventional trials targeting aberrant brain function with noninvasive brain stimulation in this field are missing. Methods: In a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind clinical trial we test whether three different repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocols may ameliorate psychomotor retardation after 15 daily sessions in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders and patients with major depressive disorder. Randomization is performed in parallel for both diagnoses. rTMS protocols include facilitatory stimulation (15 Hz) of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), facilitatory stimulation (iTBS) of the supplementary motor area (SMA), inhibitory stimulation (1 Hz) of the SMA, and sham stimulation of the occipital cortex. Assessments are performed at baseline and every five rTMS sessions. Motor retardation is assessed with wrist actigraphy and the Salpetriere Retardation Rating Scale (SRRS). The primary outcome variable is the proportion of responders per group, with SRRS score reduction of 30% from baseline. We apply the last observation carried forward method to the intention to treat population Results: The ongoing study has enrolled 24 patients (17 SZ, 7 MDD), and 15 patients completed the study. The proportion of responders differs significantly between groups (X2 = 7.7 p = 0.05) in favor of the inhibitory SMA stimulation (83%). Repeated measures ANOVA of SRRS in all participants with LOCF indicated a significant effect of time (F = 9.6, p = 0.001), but no time x protocol interaction. However, the completer analysis indicated an effect of time (F = 14.4, p < 0.001) and a time x protocol interaction (F = 2.5, p = .05). Positive effects were also noted for fine motor performance and negative symptoms. Discussion: Inhibitory stimulation of the SMA seems to improve psychomotor retardation in these preliminary analyses. The result fits to findings of increased neural activity in premotor areas during behavioral motor inhibition in schizophrenia and major depression. Given, the effect is stable over the whole planned study population, inhibitory rTMS would become an interesting treatment for psychomotor retardation in affective and nonaffective psychoses.
ADHD and TMS$$$ Efficacy and the emergence of biomarkers: A review; Introduction: ADHD is characterized by inattention, impulsivity, and hyperactivity. As a result of these symptoms, patients with ADHD are more likely to be involved in motor vehicle accidents and problems with law enforcement agencies. They are also frequently afflicted by co-morbidities such as substance abuse, oppositional defiance, and mood disorders; the cumulative result is a $30 billion+ total excess cost of ADHD annually. An inadequate prefrontal cortex (PFC) and associated aberrant networks are implicated in the pathophysiology of ADHD. Daily transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the left PFC is FDA approved for treatment resistant depression and its mechanism of action is hypothesized to alter dysfunctional neuro-circuitry; therefore, an inquiry into the clinical application of TMS in ADHD was conducted. Methods: Pubmed was surveyed for literature using the terms: (“Attention Deficit Disorder with Hyperactivity”[Mesh]) AND (“Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation”[ Mesh] OR transcranial magnetic stimulation); filters were: 10 years, Humans, English. The results were further manually sorted by both authors to identify randomized/sham controlled trials (RCTs) pertaining to ADHD, reviews, and meta-analyses. Findings from these studies were summarized to provide a broad overview of the current applications of TMS for ADHD. Results: The initial search results returned 35 entries matching the query; and of these 17 were RCTs, three were systematic reviews, and there was one meta-analysis. Several RCTs demonstrated statistically significant benefits of TMS on left dorsolateral PFC or left motor cortex for ADHD, whereas others did not. Of the entries that did not fall into any of the aforementioned categories, there were several studies favoring the utility of short interval intracortical inhibition (SICI) as a biomarker of inhibitory cortical circuitry in ADHD. Conclusion: These findings offer a glimpse into the future of psychiatry moving towards a more objective evaluation and mechanistic treatment of mental illness that is largely consistent with aims of the Research Domain Criteria (RDoC) initiative undertaken by the NIMH. Although there is currently a dearth of RCTs delineating the efficacy of non-invasive brain stimulation in the treatment of ADHD, mounting evidence in favor of the discovery and validity of objective measurable biomarkers is very encouraging. ADHD is comorbid with many psychiatric disorders, and accurate diagnosis and sideeffect free treatment could help curb the excessive costs of these illnesses. TMS has proven potential for treatment in ADHD, and further research on the safety, ethics, and clinical applications of non-invasive brain stimulation is warranted.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in aphasic stroke: A randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial$$$ Objective: To assess the efficacy of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) on Aphasic Ischemic Stroke Patients. Background: Aphasia is one of the major disabilities in patients with stroke with consequences on quality of life. Until now, in addition to the speech and language therapy, there not an alternative effective treatment. Design/Methods: A randomized Doubleblind Controlled Clinical Trial desings. The efficacy of rTMS was evaluated in two groups (placebo and active rTMS), over the right hemispheric homolog Broca in patients with fluent aphasia post-stroke. The active group received 1 hz for 20 minutes session on 10 consecutive days, while another group received a sham therapy (placebo), over the right inferior frontal gyrus. All patients were in conventional speech language therapy. The primary outcome parameter was the change on the Boston Aphasia test to 30 days after the treatment. Results: 30 patients with aphasia postischemic stroke were included in each group. At baseline no differences were found in age between active and placebo groups in age (64.8 ± 11.95 and 62.8 ± 12.689 P=0.52), Rankin-m score (p=0.73), Zung anxiety score (p=0.57), Zung depression score (p=0.33), visual analogue scale qualification of quality of life (p=0.96) and cardiovascular risk factors. The basal mean of 9 dominions of Boston Aphasia test was 1.2 ±1.45 in the placebo group and 0.86 ± 1.12 in the active rTMS group (p=0.32). After 30 days follow-up, the mean on the Boston Aphasia test was 1.17 ± 1.4 in the placebo group and 0.79 ± 1.14 in the active group (p=0.30). There were not differences in the analysis of individual dominions of the Boston Aphasia Test. Conclusions: r-TMS in ischemic stroke could be not an efficacy alternative to improve the aphasia.
Treating refractory depression in Parkinson's disease: A meta-analysis of transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) is often accompanied by clinically identified depression. Providing effective pharmacotherapies that concomitantly treat both motor and psychological symptoms can pose a challenge to physicians. For this reason, alternatives to standard anti-depressant treatments, such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), have been evaluated within the Parkinson's population. Methods: A literature search was conducted on the PubMed database for all studies that evaluated rTMS as a treatment in patients with both depression and PD. A meta-analysis was performed on all studies that reported mean pre- and post-rTMS depression inventory scores. Widely used depression inventories included both self-report and clinician-administered measures. Effect size for individual study groups and across all studies was calculated. Results: Six of 7 studies meeting inclusion criteria reported significantly improved depression scores, large effect sizes, and significant p-values. Total weighted average effect size was calculated at 1.32 across all study groups that applied rTMS. Conclusions: Across all but one study, rTMS appears to effectively reduce depression scores among self-reported and clinician administered inventories. The total weight average effect size showed that, when considering study sample sizes and degree of findings, this form of neurostimulation can relieve PD patients of their depressive symptoms. Further, rTMS is a promising alternative to traditional anti-depressant therapies when treating refractory depression in patients with PD.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of 20- and 30-minutes combined with sertraline for the treatment of depression$$$ Background Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can be an effective treatment for depression, however, the duration of the stimulation session, among other parameters, needs to be optimized. Methods 69 mild to moderately depressed patients (age 37.6 ± 10.5 years, 19 men) were randomized into three groups – 30-, 20-minute or sham tDCS. 10 daily sessions of anodal/sham tDCS of the left DLPFC (0.5 mA; electrode 3,5 × 7 cm) combined with 50 mg/day of sertraline were performed. Mood, cognition and BDNF level were assessed before and after the treatment. Results A significant difference between groups was observed in the percent change of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (F(2, 66) = 10.1; p < 0.001). Sham group (43.4% ± 18.1) had a smaller improvement compared to the 30-minute (63.8% ± 13.4; 95% CI: 11.23–29.44; p = 0.00003) and 20-minute group (53.2% ± 15.3; 95% CI: 0.21–19.26; p = 0.045). 30-minute group had significantly greater percent improvement than 20-minute group (95% CI: 1.74–19.46; p = 0.02). Responders constituted 89%, 68%, and 50% and remitters – 70%, 27%, and 35% in the 30-, 20-minute and sham groups, respectively. A significant difference in the number of responders was observed between 30-minute vs. sham group (odds ratio = 8; 95% CI, 2.59–24.69; p = 0.001), in remission rate – between 30-minute vs. sham (odds ratio = 4.40; 95% CI, 2.02–9.57; p = 0.02) and vs. 20-minute (odds ratio = 6.33; 95% CI, 2.85–14.10; p = 0.003) groups. Two hypomania cases and one case of blood pressure elevation were detected in the 20-minute group. Among neuropsychological tests, only the change in Digit Span Backwards test showed a significant interaction between groups (TIME*GROUP; F(2, 65) = 6,6, p = 0.002); a greater improvement was observed in both active groups compared to sham (p < 0.05). The change in BDNF level after the treatment did not show the significant difference between groups. Conclusions tDCS of 20- or 30-minutes combined with sertraline are efficient for the treatment of mild and moderate depression; the effect of 30 min stimulation exceeds the one obtained from 20 min.
Age-Related Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Effects on Executive Function in Depression: A Systematic Review$$$ Objective: The aims of the current review were to: 1) examine whether the rTMS effects on executive function increase as age advances; 2) to examine the potential of rTMS to remediate executive function in older depressed patients; and 3) to assess the relationship between the executive function and mood benefits from rTMS in depression. Methods: Randomized or matched-groups, blind, sham-controlled studies (12 studies, 347 participants) on excitatory rTMS applied to left DLPFC in depression were reviewed. Results: A series of meta-regressions found no evidence of greater rTMS effects on executive functions as age advances. Similarly, meta-analyses showed no significant rTMS effects on executive functions in older depressed individuals. However, meta-regression analyses showed that the size of the executive function benefits from rTMS in depression are positively related to the effect size of mood symptom reduction. Despite its correlational nature, this finding is consistent with the idea that improvement in executive function may play a critical role in depression recovery. Conclusions: The authors consider these findings preliminary because of the modest number of available studies. Based on a qualitative review, the authors describe methodologic modifications that may increase rTMS efficacy for both executive functions and mood in late-life depression.
Number of pulses or number of sessions? An open-label study of trajectories of improvement for once-vs. twice-daily dorsomedial prefrontal rTMS in major depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) shows efficacy in the treatment of major depressive episodes (MDEs), but can require ≥4–6 weeks for maximal effect. Recent studies suggest that multiple daily sessions of rTMS can accelerate response without reducing therapeutic efficacy. However, it is unresolved whether therapeutic effects track cumulative number of pulses, or cumulative number of sessions. Objective: This open-label study reviewed clinical outcomes over a 20–30 session course of high-frequency bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC)-rTMS among patients receiving 6000 pulses/day delivered either in twice-daily sessions 80 min apart (at 20 Hz) or single, longer, once-daily sessions (at 10 Hz). Methods: A retrospective chart review identified 130 MDD patients who underwent 20–30 daily sessions of bilateral DMPFC-rTMS (Once-daily, n = 65; Twice-daily, n = 65) at a single Canadian clinic. Results: Mixed-effects modeling revealed significantly faster improvement (group-by-time interaction) for twice-daily versus once-daily DMPFC-rTMS. Across both groups, the pace of improvement showed a consistent relationship with number of cumulative sessions, but not with cumulative number of pulses. Although the twice-daily group completed treatment in half as many days, final clinical outcomes did not differ significantly between groups on dichotomous measures (response/remission rates: once-daily, 35.4%/33.8%; twice-daily, 41.5%/35.4%), or continuous measures, or on overall response distribution. Conclusions: Twice-daily rTMS appears feasible, tolerable, and capable of achieving comparable results to once-daily rTMS, while also reducing course length approximately twofold. Therapeutic gains tracked the cumulative number of sessions, not pulses. Future randomized studies comparing once-daily to multiple-daily rTMS sessions, while controlling for number of pulses, may be warranted.
Finding treatment-resistant depression in real-world data: How a data-driven approach compares with expert-based heuristics$$$ Background: Depression that does not respond to antidepressants is treatment-resistant depression (TRD). TRD definitions include assessments of treatment response, dose and duration, and implementing these definitions in claims databases can be challenging. We built a data-driven TRD definition and evaluated its performance. Methods: We included adults with depression, ≥1 antidepressant, and no diagnosis of mania, dementia, or psychosis. Subjects were stratified into those with and without proxy for TRD. Proxies for TRD were electroconvulsive therapy, deep brain, or vagus nerve stimulation. The index date for subjects with proxy for TRD was the procedure date, and for subjects without, the date of a randomly selected visit. We used three databases. We fit decision tree predictive models. We included number of distinct antidepressants, with and without adequate doses and duration, number of antipsychotics and psychotherapies, and expert-based definitions, 3, 6, and 12 months before index date. To assess performance, we calculated area under the curve (AUC) and transportability. Results: We analyzed 33,336 subjects with no proxy for TRD, and 3,566 with the proxy. Number of antidepressants and antipsychotics were selected in all periods. The best model was at 12 months with an AUC = 0.81. The rule transported well and states that a subject with ≥1 antipsychotic or ≥3 antidepressants in the last year has TRD. Applying this rule, 15.8% of subjects treated for depression had TRD. Conclusion: The definition that best discriminates between subjects with and without TRD considers number of distinct antidepressants (≥3) or antipsychotics (≥1) in the last year.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in Depression and Psychosis: A Systematic Review$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation, one of the neuromodulation paradigms, is attracting interest as a novel method to treat various central nervous system disorders. It is safe, portable, and cost-effective, and has been applied experimentally for patients with various neuropsychiatric conditions. For the clinical importance and preliminary positive results, growing number of randomized controlled trials to patients with depression or schizophrenia are reported, followed by systematic reviews and meta-analyses. However, former research specifically focuses on depression or psychosis in psychiatric disorders. Therefore, we provide a systematic review of studies reporting the effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation in ameliorating these symptoms not limited to psychiatric patients or objective scales by examining double-blind sham-controlled trials.
Effects of rTMS on brain volumes in bipolar disorder$$$ Background and Aims: TMS is known to be an effective treatment for unipolar depression and to less extent in bipolar depression disorder(BDD). Some Studies in suggested neuroplasticity effects of this medication. Less is known about rTMS neuroplasticity effect in BDD, functional brain imaging have identified critical neural circuits involving the amygdala and other limbic structures, prefrontal cortical regions, that modulate emotional behavior and are disturbed in mood disorders. The present study aims to assess brain volume change in bipolar depression patient before and after rTMS. Method: 41 untreated BDD patients (Age: 13.63 to 6 3.12 years) underwent a baseline clinical assessment, a structural MRI, Local brain volume changes measured by deformation-based morphometry Brain volumes were corrected for intracranial volume, and analyzed using repeated measures ANCOVAs with bipolar depression as factor, and age and gender as covariates. Results: A total of 41 bipolar patients were randomized to an active (n=21) or sham (n=20) 10-Hz rTMS intervention applied 5 days per week for 3 weeks to the left DLPFC. Volume gains in the left hip-pocampal, parahippocampal and precuneal cortices predicted symptom improvement in the active rTMS group (r<-0.431, P<0.008), but not the sham rTMS group (r<0.221, all P>0.188). Conclusion: These findings suggest that, along with remission, patients receiving rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) show increase of left hippocampal, parahippocampal and, Posterior middle frontal gyrus and right rostral anterior cingulate cortex volumes These regions are involved in cognitive and emotional processes, which are typically impaired in BDD.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and trans-spinal direct current stimulation associated with treadmill exercise in spinal cord and cortical excitability of healthy subjects: A triple-blind, randomized and sham-controlled study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over motor cortex and trans-spinal direct current stimulation (tsDCS) modulate corticospinal circuits in healthy and injured subjects. However, their associated effects with physical exercise is still not defined. This study aimed to investigate the effect of three different settings of rTMS and tsDCS combined with treadmill exercise on spinal cord and cortical excitability of healthy subjects. We performed a triple blind, randomized, sham-controlled crossover study with 12 healthy volunteers who underwent single sessions of rTMS (1Hz, 20Hz and Sham) and tsDCS (anodal, cathodal and Sham) associated with 20 minutes of treadmill walking. Cortical excitability was assessed by motor evoked potential (MEP) and spinal cord excitability by the Hoffmann reflex (Hr), nociceptive flexion reflex (NFR) and homosynaptic depression (HD). All measures were assessed before, immediately, 30 and 60 minutes after the experimental procedures. Our results demonstrated that anodal tsDCS/treadmill exercise reduced MEP’s amplitude and NFR’s area compared to sham condition, conversely, cathodal tsDCS/treadmill exercise increased NFR’s area. High-frequency rTMS increased MEP’s amplitude and NFR’s area compared to sham condition. Anodal tsDCS/treadmill exercise and 20Hz rTMS/treadmill exercise reduced Hr amplitude up to 30 minutes after stimulation offset and no changes were observed in HD measures. We demonstrated that tsDCS and rTMS combined with treadmill exercise modulated cortical and spinal cord excitability through different mechanisms. tsDCS modulated spinal reflexes in a polarity-dependent way acting at local spinal circuits while rTMS probably promoted changes in the presynaptic inhibition of spinal motoneurons. In addition, the association of two neuromodulatory techniques induced long-lasting changes.
Therapeutic strategies in depression with cognitive impairment$$$ Dr. Reynolds will introduce and review pathways from depression to dementia, with a specific focus on pathophysiological factors that may mediate risk. The literature in this area is increasingly addressing cellular, subcellular and molecular factors that may be involved in risk mediation. “Bottom-up,” data-driven approaches, such as the use of proteomics, are beginning to shed light on possible mediational pathways. Although still early, such research is important because of its potential to identify critical points for possible interventions to reduce risk for dementia in persons who have experienced depression. This type of work increasingly reflects the relevance of geroscience to geriatric mental health. Depressed patients with cognitive control deficits or CCD show lower remission rates. Dr. Morimoto and colleagues designed a “neuroplasticity based computerized cognitive remediation (nCCR)” and tested it in 42 patients with established failure to respond to at least one antidepressant trial, of whom 36 patients were randomized, double-blind, to four weeks (30 hours) of nCCR against an active, matched control condition. Mixed effects model analysis group x time interaction reached significance (F(1,61.8) = 11.37, p = .002) indicating that the slope of decline in MADRS depression scores was steeper in the nCCR-GD group. Further, the nCCR group improved their semantic clustering strategy (p = .006), as well as related, but not targeted, CCD functions over the control condition. nCCR improves depression and CCD in elderly depressed patients refractory to other treatments, and needs to be considered in the treatment of these patients. In the DOTCODE study conducted at Columbia and Duke Universities, Dr. Devanand and colleagues treated 79 patients with comorbid depression and cognitive impairment with open-label antidepressant medication for 16 weeks followed by double-blind add-on donepezil (5 to 10 mg daily) or placebo for an additional 62 weeks. In the initial 16 weeks, 64% met antidepressant responder criteria. In the 61 patients who were randomized, donepezil did not differ from placebo in change in ADAS-Cog13 and SRT Total Immediate Recall. Apolipoprotein E genotype was not related to improvement on donepezil, and MRI indices of hippocampal volume and periventricular hyperintensities were unrelated to cognitive improvement. The results in patients with depression and cognitive impairment are consistent with findings from studies in mild cognitive impairment without depression that have not demonstrated superiority for cholinesterase inhibitors over placebo in improving cognition. Dr. Benoit Mulsant will discuss the background, rationale, and implementation challenges of a new high-risk, high-gain randomized clinical trial (RCT) aimed at enhancing cognitive reserve and preventing cognitive decline and dementia in a high-risk population. The Preventing Alzheimer's dementia with Cognitive remediation plus tDCS in MCI and Depression (PACt-MD) study is an RCT that assesses the efficacy of a preventive intervention for AD in three high risk groups of older persons with: (1) Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI); (2) major depressive disorder (MDD) in remission without MCI; or (3) MDD in remission and MCI. The PACt-MD intervention is a combination of computer-based cognitive remediation (CR) delivered in a group format and non-invasive brain stimulation-transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS). Five academic sites in Toronto will enroll and randomize 375 older participants who have MCI or a history of MDD. Under double-blind conditions, these participants will be randomized to receive either tDCS + CR or sham tDCS + sham CR five days a week for two months and then 5 days every 6 months for 24-60 months. Both CR and tDCS have been shown to induce neuroplasticity and improve cognition. The hypothesis is that their combination enhances cognitive reserve and protects against cognitive decline.
Exciting updates for treating older age patients in the consultation-liaison setting$$$ Introduction: Older age frequently brings complex medical and psychiatric complications. From a psychiatric perspective, the “3 D's” - late life depression, dementia and delirium often overlap with one another, yet each requires a unique treatment approach.With the rapidly growing average life expectancy, there is an increasing need for innovative research in geriatric psychiatry. Geriatric psychiatry has never been a more exciting field. This poster will highlight some of the most innovative and novel treatment modalities in the geriatric psychiatry consultation-liaison (CL) setting. Methods: A concise review of literature review was performed of the following databases: PubMed, Medline, Embase and Cochrane. The search terms: “melatonin”; “suvorexant”; “thiamine”; “trazodone”; “ECT”; “cannabinoids”; “citalopram/escitalopram”; and “dextromethrophan/quinidine” were each individually added to “older age”, “geriatric”, “geriatric psychiatry”, “dementia”, “depression'”, and “delirium”. All fifty-four references articles relevant to the topic of this poster were collected. Our literature review placed emphasis on studies from 2010-2017. Results: The “3 D's” - dementia, delirium and late life depression, frequently overlap in geriatric psychiatry. Melatonin, suvorexant, thiamine supplementation, trazodone, ECT, cannabinoids, citalopram/escitalopram, have each shown promise in the treatment of older age patients in the CL setting. Conclusions: Limitations of the listed treatment modalities exist. Though caution should be advised prior to the initiation of novel treatment modalities due to data limitations (e.g. short follow up, insufficient randomized controlled trials, confounding factors, frequent inadequate use of objective measurements), future studies should continue to build on these exciting advancements in geriatric psychiatry.
Continuation treatment of remitted psychotic depression: The stop-PD study$$$ Introduction: Psychotic depression (PD) is a severe disorder with high levels of morbidity and mortality. It is particularly relevant to the geriatric population, occurring in up to 45% of depressed elderly inpatients. Treatment guidelines recommend either electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or the combination of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications as acute treatment. There are, however, few data pertaining to the efficacy and tolerability of continuation treatment of PD. Some naturalistic studies report a high frequency of relapse of PD, which may be partly explained by switching from acute ECT to continuation pharmacotherapy; in prospective open-label studies, when PD patients are continued on the treatment that is associated with remission the rate of relapse is lower. Given the paucity of research in this area, we conducted a 12-week double-blind study of continuation pharmacotherapy in persons who had experienced remission of PD in a double-blind RCT comparing the efficacy and tolerability of olanzapine plus sertraline (combination therapy) with olanzapine plus placebo (monotherapy) in adults aged 18 years and older (the STOP-PD study). The specific aims of this continuation study were to examine whether combination therapy and monotherapy differed in: i) stability of remission of depressive and psychotic symptoms; ii) frequency of relapse; and iii) course of weight, serum lipids, and serum glucose. Given the predominantly older age of participants, we examined whether there was an interaction between age, treatment, and outcome. Methods: STOP-PD participants who achieved remission in the acute phase (n=27 aged 18-59 years and n= 44 aged ≥60 years) had assessments at continuation baseline and at weeks 4, 8, and 12 or early termination. PD symptoms and weight were measured at each visit. Total and LDL cholesterol, triglycerides, and glucose were measured at continuation baseline and week 12/termination. Using linear mixed effects models with time by treatment group interactions, we examined the relationship between treatment group and depression symptom stability over time, as measured by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (Ham-D). The difference in delusion scores between treatment groups (measured using the Schedule for Affective Disorders and Schizophrenia [SADS] delusion item) was analyzed with Fisher's exact test. Fisher's exact test analyzed the frequency of relapse in treatment groups.We examined the relationship between treatment group and change in weight and metabolic indices using linear mixed effects models with time and treatment group interactions. In order to evaluate a possible age group effect, we entered an interaction with time, treatment group and age group (aged 18-59 years versus aged ≥60 years) into the mixed effects models for Ham-D score and weight and metabolic values. Results: There was no significant difference in Ham-D scores over time between treatment groups, nor was there a time by treatment by age interaction. Only five of 71 participants experienced deterioration in SADS delusion score, with no significant difference between treatment groups. Eight of the 71 participants (11.27%; 95% CI: 5.82, 20.69) met criteria for relapse, with no significant difference between treatment groups. Mean weight increased by approximately 3 lbs. over the 12-week continuation phase for the group as a whole. There was no significant association of treatment group with weight change, and there was no interaction of treatment group, age group and time. None of the metabolic indices differed over time between treatment groups. However, the interaction of time, treatment group, and age group was significantly associated with change in total cholesterol (F1,47 = 5.06, p < 0.03) and LDL (F1,36 = 11.96, p < 0.001). In the older olanzapine monotherapy group, total cholesterol decreased over time (t47 = -2.83, p < 0.007). LDL levels decreased over time in both the younger combination therapy group (t36 = -2.12, p = 0.04) and the older monotherapy group (t36= -2.14, p < 0.04). Conclusions: This study is the first to assess the stability of PD remission and the course of weight and metabolic variables under double-blind conditions in persons with remitted PD. Despite the superiority of combination therapy in the acute phase of the RCT, treatment group did not influence relapse frequency or symptom stability in the continuation phase, consistent with the thesis in the treatment of depression that “what gets you well, keeps you well”. There was no age effect for stability of remission, weight, or serum glucose or triglycerides. However, there was an age effect for total and LDL cholesterol which will be discussed.
Exploring ketamine use in geriatric patients suffering from treatment-resistant depression$$$ Introduction: Ketamine is a glutamate NMDA receptor antagonist and is commonly used as an anesthetic. Low-dose subanesthetic intravenous ketamine is fairly new and an increasingly popular treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in the adult population; however, there is a scarcity of evidence of ketamine's use among geriatric patients. Previously, psychotropics and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) have been used in the geriatric TRD population. Ketamine provides a possible new treatment modality for those patients concerned with ECT-induced cognitive effects and may also allow for use in patients with significant cardiovascular co-morbidities, who would likely not quality for ECT. Methods:We provide a literature review on the use of ketamine for TRD in the geriatric population. Results: Studies and case series have shown the use of ketamine as a monotherapy and augmented therapy with electroconvulsive therapy in the adult and geriatric population. Literature supports efficacy with monotherapy and questionable benefit from augmentative therapy. Dosing ranges from 0.2 mg/kg to 0.5 mg/kg, with evidence showing remittance with ketamine dosing less than 0.5 mg/kg. Some studies have shown cognitive protection as compared to other TRD treatment modalities, while the majority of studies have not thoroughly analyzed systemic adverse risk profiles including cognitive and cardiovascular effects. Conclusions: There is evidence in the literature for the use of intravenous ketamine in the TRD geriatric population. Larger randomized control trials are needed to provided guidance regarding dosing, cognitive and systemic effects, and treatment response.
Neural response after a single ECT session during retrieval of emotional self-referent words in depression: A randomized, sham-controlled fMRI study$$$ Background: Negative neurocognitive bias is a core feature of depression that is reversed by antidepressant drug treatment. However, it is unclear whether modulation of neurocognitive bias is a common mechanism of distinct biological treatments. This randomized controlled functional magnetic resonance imaging study explored the effects of a single electroconvulsive therapy session on self-referent emotional processing. Methods: Twenty-nine patients with treatment-resistant major depressive disorder were randomized to one active or sham electroconvulsive therapy session at the beginning of their electroconvulsive therapy course in a double-blind, between-groups design. The following day, patients were given a self-referential emotional word categorization test and a free recall test. This was followed by an incidental word recognition task during whole-brain functional magnetic resonance imaging at 3T. Mood was assessed at baseline, on the functional magnetic resonance imaging day, and after 6 electroconvulsive therapy sessions. Data were complete and analyzed for 25 patients (electroconvulsive therapy: n = 14, sham: n = 11). The functional magnetic resonance imaging data were analyzed using the FMRIB Software Library randomize algorithm, and the Threshold-Free Cluster Enhancement method was used to identify significant clusters (corrected at P < .05). Results: A single electroconvulsive therapy session had no effect on hippocampal activity during retrieval of emotional words. However, electroconvulsive therapy reduced the retrieval-specific neural response for positive words in the left frontopolar cortex. This effect occurred in the absence of differences between groups in behavioral performance or mood symptoms. Conclusions: The observed effect of electroconvulsive therapy on prefrontal response may reflect early facilitation of memory for positive self-referent information, which could contribute to improvements in depressive symptoms including feelings of self-worth with repeated treatments.
Atropine versus hyoscine premedication for electroconvulsive therapy in major depression$$$ Introduction.- Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly successfultreatment for severe depression. ECT needsgeneral anesthesia, Choosing a suitable anesthetic agents during ECT is effective on the quality and outcome of patient treatment. Objectives.- This study was performed to compare haemodynamic status after Atropine and Hyoscine Premedication for electroconvulsive therapy in major depression patients. Methods.- This study was a single blind Clinical Trial study. 102 patients for ECT, from an academic hospital with major depression were randomly selected and divided into three groups. Group-I received atropine, group-II received Hyoscine and group-III received no premedication. prior to, immediately, 5minutes, 10 minutes, and 15 minutes after ECT heart rate and blood pressure were measured. Data were analysed using SPSS software, version 20. Results.- The results showed that systolic blood pressure, heart rate and Rate Pressure Product of patient during injection, 5 minutes and 10 minutes after ECT in the group receiving atropine was significantly higher than the other two groups M. Conclusions.- Based on the findings of present study using hyoscine as Premedication make more hemodynamic stability after ECT compared with atropine.
The effects of sleep on the intensity of skin reactions induced by transcranial electrical stimulation$$$ Introduction.- Transcranial electrical stimulation is a promising neuromodulation method that has, for example, been used to treat depression. Controlling potential adverse effects (AEs) is necessary for clinical practice. Unlike many potential aspects potentially modulating AEs, sleep duration can be controlled. Objectives.- To evaluate the effect of sleep duration on skin redness and skin sensations induced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) in a double-blind setting. Methods.- A sample of healthy male volunteers received two 20-minute sessions of either tDCS (n = 41; 2mA) or sham-tDCS (n = 41; 15s ramp-up and-down). Another sample of 60 (32 female, 28 male) volunteers received 2 sessions of tRNS and sham-tRNS in a cross-over design (20 min, 2mA). In both studies the anode was placed over F3 and the cathode over F4. The participants reported the duration of previous night's sleep and immediate adverse effects (scale 0-100). Analyses were conducted using Zero-Inflated Poisson models, controlling for age, sex and stimulation group. Results.- In the first study (tDCS), longer sleep duration predicted less intense skin sensations (P < 0.05, 0.10 to 0.14 point drop per an hour slept). In the second study (tRNS), longer sleep predicted more intense skin sensations (P < 0.05, 0.11 to 0.20 point increase per an hour slept). Skin redness was not affected. Conclusions.- Sleep duration might affect skin resistance and impedance, which in turn affect dermal effects of tDCS and tRNS, respectively However, as effects appear minimal, recommending patients to get a good night's sleep before treatment sessions may be unnecessary.
A randomised sham-controlled feasibility trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in outpatients with severe and enduring anorexia nervosa$$$ Introduction.- Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a disabling and deadly disorder. Treatment innovations are needed, especially for those with severe and enduring illness (SE-AN). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation method which has shown promise in AN and other eating disorders. Objectives.- The aim of the present study was to conduct a randomised controlled double-blind feasibility trial in adult outpatients with SE-AN and previous unsuccessful treatment, comparing real rTMS with sham treatment, as an add-on to treatment-as-usual (TAU). Methods.- Thirty-four participants with SE-AN (mean illness duration 14 years) were allocated by chance to receive 20 sessions of either real or sham high frequency rTMS in addition to their usual treatment. A range of outcomes (body mass index, eating disorders symptoms, mood, quality of life) were assessed at pre-treatment, post-treatment (1 month post-randomisation) and follow-up (4 months post-randomisation). We also asked participants about their experience of this treatment. Results.- Two patients were withdrawn for safety reasons postrandomisation, 32 started and 30 completed treatment and all research visits. There were small group differences in BMI and eating disorder symptoms at both post-treatment and follow-up. At 4 months post-randomisation, there were between-group differences in depression, stress and obsessive compulsive symptoms of medium to large effect size, favouring real rTMS over sham. rTMS was well tolerated and considered to be an acceptable treatment. Conclusions.- This study provides evidence for the therapeutic potential of rTMS in adults with SE-AN. It also supports the need for future larger-scale studies.
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation of the motor cortex on visceral pain in patients with hepatocellular carcinoma$$$ Objective. Hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) is frequently associated with visceral pain. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proven to reduce chronic pain; however, its effectiveness in malignant visceral pain is unknown. This study aimed to investigate the effects of tDCS in patients with visceral pain due to HCC. Design. This is a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind, prospective study. Forty patients with visceral pain due to HCC were enrolled and randomly assigned into two groups: a real and a sham group; tDCS was applied over the primary motor area (M1) for 10 consecutive days (2 mA, 30 minutes). Patient's pain was evaluated by visual analog scale (VAS) and verbal descriptor scale (VDS) and for depression by Hamilton rating scale (HAM-D). Evaluation was done at prestimulation, after the first, fifth, and 10th sessions, and one month after the end of stimulation sessions. Results. Real tDCS showed a reduction of VDS (P=0.001, F=4.01) and VAS (P=0.001, F=6.817) for HAM-D (P=0.012, F=5,077); the effect started from the fifth session and continued to one month after stimulation, while in the sham group the effect persisted for five days only. Percentage reduction in all scales in the real group after the 10th session was as follows: VDS P=0.008, VAS P=0.001, HAMD50.001; for one month after the end of stimulation, it was as follows: VDS P=0.001, VAS P=0.037, HAM-D50.002. Conclusions. tDCS proved to be an effective and clinically relevant therapeutic strategy for visceral pain due to HCC.
Movement does not promote recovery of motor output following acute experimental muscle pain$$$ Objective. To examine the effect of motor activity on the magnitude and duration of altered corticomotor output following experimental muscle pain. Design. Experimental, pre-post test. Setting. University laboratory. Subjects. Twenty healthy individuals. Methods. Participants were randomly allocated to a Rest or Movement group. The Rest group sat quietly without moving for the duration of the experiment. The Movement group repeated a unimanual pattern of five sequential keystrokes as quickly and as accurately as possible immediately following the resolution of pain. Pain was induced into the right extensor carpi radialis brevis muscle by a bolus injection of 0.5mL hypertonic saline. Corticomotor output was assessed as motor evoked potentials in response to transcranial magnetic stimulation before, immediately after, and at 10, 20, and 30 minutes following pain resolution. Pain intensity was recorded every 30 seconds using an 11-point numerical rating scale. Results. There was no difference in peak pain intensity (P < 0.09) or duration (P < 0.2) between groups. Corticomotor output was reduced in both groups (P < 0.002) at 10 minutes (P < 0.002), 20 minutes (P < 0.02), and 30 minutes (P < 0.037) following the resolution of pain relative to baseline. There was no difference between groups at any time point. Conclusions. Performance of motor activity immediately following the resolution of acute muscle pain did not alter the magnitude or duration of corticomotor depression. Understanding corticomotor depression in the postpain period and what factors promote recovery has relevance for clinical pain syndromes where ongoing motor dysfunction, in the absence of pain, may predispose to symptom persistence or recurrence.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder: A systematic review$$$ Despite the advances in psychopharmacology and established psychotherapeutic interventions, more than 40% of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) do not respond to conventional treatment approaches. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been recently proposed as a therapeutic tool to alleviate treatment-resistant symptoms in patients with OCD. The aim of this review was to provide a comprehensive overview of the current state of the art and future clinical applications of tDCS in patients with OCD. A literature search conducted on the PubMed database following PRISMA guidelines and completed by a manual search yielded 12 results: eight case reports, three open-label studies (with 5, 8, and 42 participants), and one randomized trial with two active conditions (12 patients). There was no sham-controlled study. A total of 77 patients received active tDCS with a large diversity of electrode montages mainly targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, the orbitofrontal cortex or the (pre-) supplementary motor area. Despite methodological limitations and the heterogeneity of stimulation parameters, tDCS appears to be a promising tool to decrease obsessive-compulsive symptoms as well as comorbid depression and anxiety in patients with treatment-resistant OCD. Further sham-controlled studies are needed to confirm these preliminary results.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on placebo response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression trials$$$ Background Although several studies indicate that placebo response is large to antidepressant pharmacotherapy in major depressive disorder (MDD), no updated meta-analysis has quantified the magnitude of the placebo (sham) response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in MDD yet. Objective To conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis on this issue in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) involving participants with MDD; and to explore potential moderators. Methodology PubMed/MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, and Web of Science electronic databases were searched from inception up to March 15, 2017 for RCTs that investigated the efficacy of any rTMS modality compared to sham intervention in participants with acute depressive episodes. Cochrane Risk of Bias Tool was used to estimate risks. We estimated the placebo effect size (Hedges's g, random-effects model) response using placebo groups baseline and endpoint depressive symptom scores. Meta-regressions have been employed to explore potential moderators of response. Results Sixty-one studies met eligibility criteria (N = 1328; mean age, 47 years; 57% females). Placebo response was large (g = 0.8, 95% CI = 0.65–0.95, p < 0.01) regardless of the modality of intervention. Placebo response was directly associated with publication year and depression improvement of the active group, and inversely associated with higher levels of treatment-resistant depression. Other moderators, including gender, age, and stimulator type, were not associated with the outcome. Overall, 24.6%, 67.2%, and 8.2% of studies had an overall low, unclear, and high bias risk, respectively. Conclusion Placebo response in rTMS depression trials was large and associated with depression improvement of the active treatment group. Such result suggests that excluding placebo responders with a run-in phase may not confer advantage since response to ‘active’ rTMS may decrease as well. Moreover, placebo response may be a component of therapeutic response to rTMS in MDD. In addition, placebo response increase over time could indicate improvement in rTMS trial designs, including better sham rTMS methods.
Vascular risk factors in older patients with depression: outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus medication$$$ Objective: Research suggests that in depression, vascular burden predicts a lower efficacy for medication (MED) and a more favourable outcome for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Therefore, we investigated the influence of the following vascular risk factors (VRF): hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, smoking, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease, and cerebral vascular accident/transient ischemic attack, on remission from major depression after ECT versus MED. Methods: The study sample consisted of 81 inpatients with a DSM-IV unipolar major depression diagnosis (mean age 72.2 years, SD = 7.6, mean Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale score 32.9, SD = 6.2) participating in a randomized controlled trial comparing nortriptyline versus venlafaxine and 43 inpatients (mean age 73.7 years, SD = 7.5, mean Montgomery–Åsberg Depression Rating Scale score 30.6, SD = 7.1) from an randomized controlled trial comparing brief pulse versus ultrabrief pulse ECT. The presence of VRF was established from the medical records. The remission rate of patients with VRF was compared with those of patients without VRF. Results: The remission rate was 58% (19/33) in the ECT group with ≥1 VRF and 32% (23/73) in the MED group with ≥1 VRF (χ2 = 6.456, p = 0.011). Comparing patients with no VRF versus ≥1 VRF, the remission rate decreased from 80 to 58% (χ2 = 1.652, p = 0.276) in ECT patients and from 38 to 32% (χ2 = 0.119, p = 0.707) in MED patients. Applying different cut-offs for the number of VRFs yielded the same trends. Logistic regression revealed no interaction between VRF and treatment condition. Conclusion: The superior efficacy of ECT over pharmacotherapy in major depression in older age was independent of the presence of VRF. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Saffron in the treatment of depression, anxiety and other mental disorders: Current evidence and potential mechanisms of action$$$ Background Depression and anxiety are two common mental health problems with high economic and social costs. Currently, a number of treatments are available for patients with depression and anxiety disorders such as psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy and antidepressant drugs. Due to safety concerns, adverse effects, limited efficacy and low tolerability associated with many antidepressant and anti-anxiety medications, identification of novel agents with less toxicity and more favorable outcome is warranted. Methods The current article provides a non-systematic review of the available in vitro, in vivo and clinical evidence on the efficacy, safety and mechanisms of action of saffron and its active ingredients in the treatment of anxiety, depression and other mental disorders. Results Several interesting data have been reported about the antidepressant and anti-anxiety properties of saffron, the dried stigmas of Crocus sativus L., in several preclinical and clinical studies. In particular, a number of clinical trials demonstrated that saffron and its active constituents possess antidepressant properties similar to those of current antidepressant medications such as fluoxetine, imipramine and citalopram, but with fewer reported side effects. Conclusion Saffron may exert antidepressant effects and represents an efficacious and safe treatment.
A randomized clinical trial of adjunctive ketamine anesthesia in electro-convulsive therapy for depression$$$ Background Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a rapid acting and effective treatment for both major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder (BP). Both propofol and ketamine are commonly used anesthetic agents but recent clinical studies suggest that ketamine has rapid-acting antidepressant properties, itself, at sub-anesthetic doses. Methods A total of 77 inpatients (41 MDD and 36 BP) were randomly assigned to receive ECT with propofol (1 mg/kg) anesthesia or with ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) plus propofol (0.5 mg/kg). Depressive symptoms were assessed with the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) and Montgomery–Asberg Rating Scale (MADRS), before and after 1, 2, 4, and 6 ECT treatments, and 1–4 weeks following the last treatment. The MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB) was evaluated at baseline,after the sixth ECT, and 1–4 weeks following the final ECT. Adverse effects were assessed at baseline and 4 weeks after the last treatment. Results There were no significant differences in depressive symptoms, MCCB performance, or adverse effects between the treatment groups at any time. The electrical dose required to generate seizures in the ketamine plus propofol group was lower than that of the propofol only group at every time point. The seizure energy index and seizure duration in the ketamine plus propofol group was higher and longer than those in the propofol only group. Limitations The diagnoses of MDD and BP were unevenly distributed across treatment groups. Conclusions Ketamine plus propofol anesthesia in the ECT treatment of MDD and BP was not superior on any measure to propofol alone.
Effects of continuation electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life in elderly depressed patients: A randomized clinical trial$$$ We examined whether electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) plus medications (“STABLE + PHARM” group) had superior HRQOL compared with medications alone (“PHARM” group) as continuation strategy after successful acute right unilateral ECT for major depressive disorder (MDD). We hypothesized that scores from the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form-36 (SF-36) would be higher during continuation treatment in the “STABLE + PHARM” group versus the “PHARM” group. The overall study design was called “Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly” (PRIDE). Remitters to the acute course of ECT were re-consented to enter a 6 month RCT of “STABLE + PHARM” versus “PHARM”. Measures of depressive symptoms and cognitive function were completed by blind raters; SF-36 measurements were patient self-report every 4 weeks. Participants were 120 patients >60 years old. Patients with dementia, schizophrenia, bipolar disorder, or substance abuse were excluded. The “PHARM” group received venlafaxine and lithium. The “STABLE + PHARM” received the same medications, plus 4 weekly outpatient ECT sessions, with additional ECT session as needed. Participants were mostly female (61.7%) with a mean age of 70.5 ± 7.2 years. “STABLE + PHARM” patients received 4.5 ± 2.5 ECT sessions during Phase 2. “STABLE + PHARM” group had 7 point advantage (3.5–10.4, 95% CI) for Physical Component Score of SF-36 (P < 0.0001), and 8.2 point advantage (4.2–12.2, 95% CI) for Mental Component Score (P < 0.0001). Additional ECT resulted in overall net health benefit. Consideration should be given to administration of additional ECT to prevent relapse during the continuation phase of treatment of MDD. Clinical Trials.gov NCT01028508
Efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Importance: More effective, tolerable interventions for bipolar depression treatment are needed. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a novel therapeutic modality with few severe adverse events that showed promising results for unipolar depression. Objective: To determine the efficacy and safety of tDCS as an add-on treatment for bipolar depression. Design, Setting, and Participants: A randomized, sham-controlled, double-blind trial (the Bipolar Depression Electrical Treatment Trial [BETTER]) was conducted from July 1, 2014, to March 30, 2016, at an outpatient, single-center academic setting. Participants included 59 adults with type I or II bipolar disorder in a major depressive episode and receiving a stable pharmacologic regimen with 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) scores higher than 17. Data were analyzed in the intention-to-treat sample. Interventions: Ten daily 30-minute, 2-mA, anodal-left and cathodal-right prefrontal sessions of active or sham tDCS on weekdays and then 1 session every fortnight until week 6. Main Outcomes and Measures: Change in HDRS-17 scores atweek 6. Results: Fifty-nine patients (40 [68%] women), with a mean (SD) age of 45.9 (12) years participated; 36 (61%) with bipolar I and 23 (39%) with bipolar II disorder were randomized and 52 finished the trial. In the intention-to-treat analysis, patients in the active tDCS condition showed significantly superior improvement compared with those receiving sham (βint = -1.68; number needed to treat, 5.8; 95%CI, 3.3-25.8; P = .01). Cumulative response rates were higher in the active vs sham groups (67.6%vs 30.4%; number needed to treat, 2.69; 95%CI, 1.84-4.99; P = .01), but not remission rates (37.4%vs 19.1%; number needed to treat, 5.46; 95%CI, 3.38-14.2; P = .18). Adverse events, including treatment-emergent affective switches, were similar between groups, except for localized skin redness that was higher in the active group (54%vs 19%; P = .01). Conclusions and Relevance: In this trial, tDCS was an effective, safe, and tolerable add-on intervention for this small bipolar depression sample. Further trials should examine tDCS efficacy in a larger sample.
Depression in Multiple Sclerosis: Epidemiology, Aetiology, Diagnosis and Treatment$$$ Depressive disorders are common in patients with multiple sclerosis, influencing their quality of life and adherence to treatments, as well as becoming more frequent with the progression of the disease and in the secondary progressive form of multiple sclerosis. Patients with multiple sclerosis often experience a typical cluster of symptoms in association with depression, such as fatigue, pain and cognitive impairment. However, the pathogenesis of multiple sclerosis-related depression remains partially unclear, even though genetic, immune-inflammatory and psychosocial factors might be seen to play a role, in addition to the brain structural alterations documented by magnetic resonance imaging studies. The high incidence and burden of depression in people affected with multiple sclerosis are matters of crucial importance. Despite such importance, the efficacy of pharmacologic treatments has been poorly studied and, for the most part, the access to non-pharmacological treatments is partially dependent on the local health system availability. It has been determined that interferon-beta and glatiramer acetate do not cause depressive symptoms; however, no definitive data in this regard are avaible for the newer disease-modifyng medications. In this review, we discuss the diagnosis, prevalence, pathogenesis, clinical aspects, magnetic resonance imaging findings and treatments available in patients experiencing multiple sclerosis-related depression.
Effcacy of adjunctive cathodal tdcs in psychogenic non-epileptic seizure in children and adolescents: A randomized double blinded sham controlled study$$$ Introduction: Psychogenic non-epileptic seizures (PNES) are a nonspecifc, umbrella category that is used to collect together a range of atypical neurophysiological responses to emotional distress and physiological stressors and are currently classifed as a dissociative [conversion] disorder, according to the Diagnostic Criteria for Research (DCR) of International Classifcation of Diseases-tenth edition (ICD-10) and as a conversion disorder according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, ffth edition (DSM-5). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a mode of neuromodulation based on the principle of delivering low intensity direct current to cortical areas either facilitating or inhibiting spontaneous neuronal activity. The present study examined response to cathodal tDCS applied at supplementary motor area in children and adolescents with PNES and aimed to establish whether tDCS was viable or not as a treatment option in the aforementioned population. Methods: Ten children and adolescents of either sex between 8 to 17 years of age with diagnosis of dissociative [conversion] disorders as per ICD-10 will be recruited from the child guidance clinic of the institute after obtaining consent from parents and obtaining permission from the ethics Committee. The subjects will be randomly divided into two equal groups to receive active or sham treatment. All patients will be rated for psychopathology by an independent rater blind to the procedure using Psychogenic Non-epileptic Seizure scale (Cianci et al, 2011), Adolescent Dissociative Experiences Scale-II (A-DES) (Bernstein and Putnam, 1986), Children's Depression Inventory 2 (CDI 2) (Kovacs, 1992), Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAM-A) (Hamilton, 1959) and Clinical Global Impression-Severity of illness (CGI-S) (Guy, 1976) at baseline (within 24 hours before the first session of tDCS). Following this the patient would be given cathodal tDCS over the supplementary motor area once a day for 5 days a week for 2 consecutive weeks (a total of 10 sessions over 2 weeks) and scales would be readministered at 1 week (i.e after 5 sessions), at 2 weeks (i.e after 10 sessions), at 3 weeks (i.e 1 week after last session) and at 6 weeks (i.e 4 weeks after last session). Check list for side-effects of tDCS (Eryilmaz et al, 2014) will be applied after every session of tDCS. The results obtained will be analyzed by using the Statistical Package for Social Sciences-version 22.0 (SPSS-22.0) with different parametric and nonparametric measures being used, wherever applicable. Results and Discussion: They would be discussed at the time of presentation.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression after basal ganglia ischaemic stroke: Protocol for a multicentre randomised double-blind placebo-controlled trial$$$ Studies suggest that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective for the treatment of depression and promotes the repair of white matter. This study aims to assess the effectiveness of rTMS in treating depression after basal ganglia ischaemic stroke and to examine whether such effects are related to restoration of white matter integrity. Methods and analysis Sixty-six participants will be recruited from Zhujiang Hospital, Nanfang Hospital and Sichuan Bayi Rehabilitation Hospital and randomised in a 1:1 ratio to receive active rTMS treatment or sham rTMS treatment in addition to routine supportive treatments. The data will be collected at 0, 2 and 4 weeks after the commencement of treatment. The primary outcome is the measurement of 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores, and the secondary outcomes include diffusion tensor imaging results and the results of neuropsychological tests including the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale, Activities of Daily Living Scale, Montreal Cognitive Assessment, Clinical Global Impressions scales, Aphasia Battery in Chinese, Social Support Revalued Scale and Medical Coping Modes Questionnaire. Ethics and dissemination This study has been approved by the Ethics Committee of Zhujiang Hospital of Southern Medical University. The findings will be disseminated by publication in a peer-reviewed journal and by presentation at international conferences. Trial registration number NCT03159351.
A novel dual-channel deep transcranial magnetic stimulator for major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Repetitive deep transcranialmagnetic stimulation (dTMS) is efficacious for treatmentresistant major depressive disorder (TRD) with the H1coil by stimulating the prefrontal cortex, left more thanright, at high frequency. Theoretically, the efficacy ofdTMS could be optimized by simultaneously stimulatingthe right and left lateral prefrontal cortices (PFC) withdifferent frequencies. This study tested the efficacy of anovel dual-channel dTMS stimulator with dual dTMScoils, in patients with TRD.METHODS: This study recruited forty-seven outpatientsdiagnosed with TRD, age 18-65, Hamilton DepressionRating Scale (HDRS-21) score = 25. Each patient received20 open label treatment sessions, five days a week for4 consecutive weeks. Treatments were administered withthe dual-channel stimulator (Brainsway Multiway dTMSdevice) using two channels: a. 10 Hz over the left PFC.b.1 Hz over the right PFC. Primary and secondary efficacyoutcome measures were the change in HDRS-21 score andresponse/remission rates at week 5, respectively.RESULTS: The HDRS-21 score decreased from an averageof 25.94 to 14.69 (P < 0.001). Thirty-six patientscompleted four weeks of treatment. Of them, seventeen(47%) responded (HDRS-21 score decrease of = 50%from their initial score) and eight (22%) remitted(HDRS-21 score of < 10 at the end of the study).DISCUSSION: This open study shows promising results formultichannel simultaneous dTMS treatment of TRDusing the Brainsway Multiway Device. Further randomized controlled studies are necessary to aid the highnumber of patients with TRD.
A Novel Dual-Channel Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulator for Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background: Repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) is efficacious for treatment resistant major depressive disorder (TRD) with the H1 coil by stimulating the prefrontal cortex, left more than right, at high frequency. Theoretically, the efficacy of dTMS could be optimized by simultaneously stimulating the right and left lateral prefrontal cortices (PFC) with different frequencies. This study tested the efficacy of a novel dual-channel dTMS stimulator with dual dTMS coils, in patients with TRD. METHODS: This study recruited forty-seven outpatients diagnosed with TRD, age 18-65, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-21) score ≥ 25. Each patient received 20 open label treatment sessions, five days a week for 4 consecutive weeks. Treatments were administered with the dual-channel stimulator (Brainsway Multiway dTMS device) using two channels: a. 10 Hz over the left PFC. b.1Hz over the right PFC. Primary and secondary efficacy outcomemeasures were the change in HDRS-21 score and response/remission rates at week 5, respectively. RESULTS: The HDRS-21 score decreased from an average of 25.94 to 14.69 (P<0.001). Thirty-six patients completed four weeks of treatment. of them, seventeen (47%) responded (HDRS-21 score decrease of ≥ 50% from their initial score) and eight (22%) remitted (HDRS-21 score of < 10 at the end of the study). DISCUSSION: This open study shows promising results for multichannel simultaneous dTMS treatment of TRD using the Brainsway Multiway Device. Further randomized controlled studies are necessary to aid the high number of patients with TRD.
Brain choline in major depression: A review of the literature$$$ The focus of this review is to provide a synthesis of the current literature on the role of brain choline, as measured by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS), in major depressive disorder (MDD). The most recent 1H-MRS literature review took place over 10 years ago and, reflecting the high level of research on this topic, much has been learned since then. Higher brain choline levels have been linked to an increase in depression, and a cholinergic model for MDD development has been postulated. However, current 1H-MRS studies have been inconclusive regarding the role of choline in depression. Data from eighty-six peer-reviewed studies were analyzed for a random-effects model meta-analysis. Two significant findings are reported. Papers that did not report segmentation had a significant, moderate effect size. Higher choline concentrations in the frontal lobe were found in depressed patients, both in those who responded to treatment and those who did not, after treatment with psychiatric medication, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, or electroconvulsive therapy. Findings from this review may add to existing information regarding the role of brain choline in MDD. This may provide a future target for treatment and drug development. It also may serve as a biomarker for treatment progress.
Effectiveness of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression and Parkinson’s disease: A meta-analysis of randomized, controlled clinical trialsd$$$ Aim: This meta-analysis aimed to assess the effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) for the treatment of depression in patients with Parkinson’s disease (PD). Methods: The design was a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs). The participants were patients with PD who suffered from depression. The interventions were HF-rTMS alone or in combination with other treatments compared with sham-rTMS, placebo, and antidepressant treatments. The primary outcome measure was changes in depressive symptoms, defined as the mean change in the total depression score. The secondary outcome was changes in motor symptoms, defined by Unified Parkinson’s Disease Rating Scale part III scores, and the acceptability, defined as the risk of all-cause discontinuation. These were expressed as mean differences (MDs), standardized mean differences (SMDs), or risk ratios (RRs) with 95% confidence intervals (CIs). Results: We identified nine suitable trials, with data from 332 participants. For the patients with depression in PD, HF-rTMS was not better than sham-rTMS (SMD =-0.33, 95% CI -0.83 to 0.17) or selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs) (SMD =0.07, 95% CI -0.52 to 0.18) for the treatment of depressive symptoms. However, the motor benefits after treatment with HF-rTMS might be better than sham-rTMS (MD =-2.80, 95% CI -5.45 to -0.15) and SSRIs (MD =-2.70, 95% CI -4.51 to -0.90). Conclusion: This meta-analysis provides some evidence that in patients with PD with depression, HF-rTMS may lead to improvement in motor function but not in depression compared with sham-rTMS or SSRIs.
Treatment of fatigue in amyotrophic lateral sclerosis/motor neuron disease$$$ Background: Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as motor neuron disease (MND), is terminal, progressive neurological condition for which there are no curative treatments. Among people with ALS/MND, fatigue is a common and debilitating symptom, which is characterised by reversible motor weakness and whole-body tiredness that is only partially relieved by rest. The effectiveness of pharmacological or non-pharmacological treatments for fatigue in ALS/MND is not yet established. Objectives: To assess the effects of pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions for fatigue in ALS/MND. Search methods: We searched the following databases on 5 September 2017: Cochrane Neuromuscular Specialised Register, CENTRAL, MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, CINAHL Plus, and ERIC. We also searched two clinical trials registries. Selection criteria: We selected randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials of any intervention which sought to reduce fatigue for people with ALS/MND. We included studies if reduction in fatigue was a primary or secondary outcome of the trial. Data collection and analysis: We used the standard methodological procedures expected by Cochrane. Main results: We included one pharmacological (modafinil) study and three non-pharmacological studies (resistance exercise, respiratory exercise, and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)), involving a total of 86 participants with ALS/MND. None of the included studies were free from risk of bias. Since there was only one trial for each intervention, no meta-analysis was possible. All studies assessed fatigue using the Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS; scale from 9 to 63, higher scores indicate more fatigue). Information for assessing bias was often lacking in study reports, making the risk of bias unclear across several domains in all trials. Blinding of participants was not possible in exercise trials, but the outcome assessment was blinded. We found very low-quality evidence suggesting possible improvements in fatigue for modafinil treatment versus placebo (MD -11.00, 95% CI -23.08 to 1.08), respiratory exercise versus a sham intervention (MD -9.65, 95% CI -22.04 to 2.73), and rTMS versus sham rTMS (data not provided), which warrant further investigation to clarify the efficacy of these treatments for fatigue in ALS/MND. We found no clear improvements in fatigue for resistance exercise versus usual care (MD 0.20, 95% CI -10.98 to 11.38; very low-quality evidence). Three participants in the modafinil group dropped out of the modafinil study, two citing issues with headache and one with chest tightness; other adverse effects were anxiety, nausea, dizziness, and sialorrhoea (probably ALS-related). The trials reported no adverse effects of exercise or rTMS. We cannot be certain about the effects of any of the interventions studied because of imprecision (small numbers of participants, wide CI), and possible study limitations. Authors' conclusions: It is impossible to draw firm conclusions about the effectiveness of interventions to improve fatigue for people with ALS/MND as there are few randomised studies, and the quality of available evidence is very low.
Pain Modulation: From Conditioned Pain Modulation to Placebo and Nocebo Effects in Experimental and Clinical Pain$$$ Accumulating evidence reveal important applications of endogenous pain modulation assessment in healthy controls and in patients in clinical settings, as dysregulations in the balance of pain modulatory circuits may facilitate pain and promote chronification of pain. This article reviews data on pain modulation, focusing on the mechanisms and translational aspects of pain modulation from conditioned pain modulation (CPM) to placebo and nocebo effects in experimental and clinical pain. The specific roles of expectations, learning, neural and neurophysiological mechanisms of the central nervous system are briefly reviewed herein. The interaction between CPM and placebo systems in pain inhibitory pathways is highly relevant in the clinic and in randomized controlled trials yet remains to be clarified. Examples of clinical implications of CPM and its relationship to placebo and nocebo effects are provided. A greater understanding of the role of pain modulation in various pain states can help characterize the manifestation and development of chronic pain and assist in predicting the response to pain-relieving treatments. Placebo and nocebo effects, intrinsic to every treatment, can be used to develop personalized therapeutic approaches that improve clinical outcomes while limiting unwanted effects.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depressive disorders: A review of clinical applications$$$ Background and Objective: Preclinical and clinical studies have demonstrated promising therapeutic effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for depressive disorders (DDs). Although food and drug administration has not approved tDCS as a clinical treatment option for DDs, clinical outcomes of the initial studies indicate significant therapeutic efficacy of tDCS which has encouraged further studies to develop this technique as a treatment option for some types of DDs. The present study aims to comprehensively review the therapeutic applications of tDCS in DDs and clinical efficacies of the technique. Method: The databases of PubMed (1980-2018), Web of Sciences (1980-2018), Scopus (1980- 2018), CINAHL (1990-2018), PsycINFO (1990-2018), and Google Scholar (1980-2018) were searched. The searching keywords were "transcranial direct current stimulation" OR "tDCS" AND "depressive disorder" OR "DD" OR "depression" AND "treatment". The clinical trials that assessed the tDCS effects through a cognitive or neurophysiological measure were included in the study. Results: The current evidence shows tDCS, particularly in bifrontal anodal design to be effective in reducing depressive symptoms. In addition to the potential clinical utility and minimal adverseeffects of tDCS, it could improve different behavioral and cognitive functions in DDs patients. Furthermore, the interesting clinical importance of tDCS is its therapeutic efficacy for both treatmentresistant and non-treatment-resistant patients with mild to moderate depression. Conclusion: The clinical trials and metal analyses showed that tDCS is effective as first-line antidepressants. Further studies are needed to reach the exact dose-response profile of tDCS for DDs as well as to identify the mechanisms of actions of antidepressant effects of tDCS.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in psychiatric disorders: A comprehensive review of recent advances$$$ Background and Objective: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown therapeutic efficacy in different psychiatric disorders including depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), cognitive functions in healthy subjects have made this technique an interesting research option for developing non-medication techniques for a variety of psychiatric disorders. This paper aimed to comprehensively review the therapeutic applications of tDCS in psychiatric disorders. Method: The databases of PubMed (1985-2018), EMBASE (1985-2018), Web of Sciences (1985- 2018), PsycINFO (1980-2018) and Google Scholar (1980-2018) were searched using the search terms "transcranial direct current stimulation" OR "tDCS" AND "psychiatric disorders" OR “neuropsychiatric disorders” AND "treatment" AND “efficacy”. The retrieved records were screened for the title and abstract by two authors and the relevant papers were reviewed for further details. The applications of tDCS in the disorders with promising outcomes are discussed. Results: TDCS has shown therapeutic effects in different neuropsychiatric disorders such as major depression, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), schizophrenia, Alzheimer disease (AD), tinnitus, obsessive compulsive disorder, hallucinations, and substance abuse. The clinical efficacy for major depression, ADHD, schizophrenia, and tinnitus is more promising. This may be partly because more studies have been conducted on these disorders than the other disorders. For depression tDCS shows treatment efficacy comparable with the first generation antidepressive pharmacological drugs. Anodal tDCS over prefrontal cortex (PFC) was the most used protocol for major depression. The anodal tDCS over frontal cortex and right inferior frontal gyrus show promising therapeutic effects in ADHD. For tinnitus the most frequent used protocols are bifrontal and bilateral tDCS applied over dorsolateral PFC and auditory cortex. Anodal tDCS over frontal cortex particularly LDLPFC and temporal cortex showed therapeutic efficacy in AD. For schizophrenia, tDCS has shown effectiveness in reducing the disease’s symptoms ranging from auditory hallucinations which the effects were the most marked to working memory, learning, negative and cognitive symptoms. The frequently used sites of stimulation were PFC and temporal cortex. Conclusion: The current evidence showed the therapeutic efficacies of tDCS as adjunctive or alternative treatment option for different neuropsychiatric disorders. TDCS due to its safe and cost-effective profile could be developed for symptoms amelioration or at least cognitive enhancement in these disorders. However, further studies with big sample size should be conducted to develop effective protocol for each disorder as well as understanding the mechanisms of action of tDCS in neuropsychiatric disorders.
The Effects of Acute Multisession Bifrontal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Intractable Tinnitus and comorbid depression and anxiety: A study protocol for randomized controlled trial$$$ Background and Objective: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) may exert therapeutic effects on tinnitus. This Randomized Control Trial (RCT) with double blind and placebo design investigates the potential therapeutic effects of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on chronic and intractable tinnitus using a new protocol. Acute repeated sessions of bifrontal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation with two months follow up will be used for treatment of tinnitus symptoms and comorbid anxiety and depression. To best of our knowledge, this is the first randomized control trial investigating the effects of acute Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation exposure in intractable tinnitus. Methods: This randomized control trial is conducted as double blinded placebo controlled with parallel group in patients with chronic intractable tinnitus. The patients will be randomly divided into two real or intervention and sham or placebo Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation. The real Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation group will receive two sessions per day with intersession interval of 6 hours for 5 consecutive days per week for one week (total 10 sessions). The Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation parameters include bifrontal (anode/cathode over right/left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) 2 mA current (current density 57.1 µA/cm2), each session 20 min through 35 cm2 electrodes. The sham group will receive the same Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation parameters and electrode montage and after 30 seconds, the device will be turned off without informing the patient. The primary outcome is the score of Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI) measured at baseline (pre-intervention) and post-intervention at immediately, one, and two months after last session. The secondary outcomes are tinnitus loudness, tinnitus distress, depression, and anxiety scores. The tinnitus loudness and distress are measured with a 0-10 Numerical Rating Scale (NRS) pre-intervention and post-intervention at immediately, one hour, one week, one, and two months after the last Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation session. Beck Depression (BDI-II) and Anxiety Inventories (BAI) is respectively used for measuring depression and anxiety score pre- and post-intervention. Finally, the adverse effects of and tolerability to Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation will be assessed in both real and sham groups using customized questionnaire. Discussion: To the best of our knowledge this is the first RCT investigating the effects of daily two sessions of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in repeated regime on chronic intractable tinnitus symptoms, depression, anxiety, and adverse effects in a long term study of two months follow-up.
The Effectiveness of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation as an Add-on Modality to Graded Motor Imagery for Treatment of Complex Regional Pain Syndrome A Randomized Proof of Concept Study$$$ Background: The efficacy of Graded Motor Imagery (GMI) for the management of Complex Regional Pain Syndrome (CRPS) is supported by evidence, but its treatment effect remains generally modest. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has been advocated as an adjunct intervention to enhance the effect of motor imagery approaches in pain populations. Objective: The purpose of this study was to investigate the effectiveness of GMI+active tDCS compared with the GMI+sham tDCS in the treatment of CRPS type I. Methods: A total of 22 patients (n=11/group) were randomly assigned to the experimental (GMI+tDCS) or placebo (GMI+ sham tDCS) group. GMI treatments lasted 6 weeks; anodal tDCS was applied over the motor cortex for 5 consecutive days during the first 2 weeks and once a week thereafter. Changes in pain perception, quality of life, kinesiophobia, pain catastrophizing, anxiety and mood were monitored after 6 weeks of treatment (T1) and 1-month posttreatment (T2). Results: GMI+tDCS induced no statistically significant reduction in pain compared with GMI+sham tDCS. Although we observed significant group differences in kinesiophobia (P=0.012), pain catastrophizing (P=0.049), and anxiety (P=0.046) at T1, these improvements were not maintained at T2 and did not reached a clinically significant difference. Discussion: We found no added value of tDCS combined with GMI treatments for reducing pain in patients with chronic CRPS. However, given that GMI+sham tDCS induced no significant change, further studies comparing GMI+tDCS and tDCS alone are needed to further document tDCS's effect in CRPS.
Hypericum perforatum extract modulates cortical plasticity in humans$$$ Background: Hypericum perforatum (HYP) extract is one of the most commonly used complementary alternative medicines (CAMs) for the treatment of mild-to-moderate depression. Non-invasive brain stimulation protocols can be used to investigate the effect of psychoactive substances on the human brain. In this study, we explored the effect of a single dose of HYP extract (WS 5570) intake on corticospinal excitability and plasticity in humans. Methods: Twenty-eight healthy subjects were required to intake 900 mg of either HYP extract or placebo. Cortical excitability was assessed using single and paired transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). The electrophysiological parameters of motor threshold, recruitment of motor-evoked potentials (MEPs), cortical silent period (CSP), short interval intracortical inhibition (SICI), and intracortical facilitation (ICF) were tested before and 2 and 5 h after the oral intake. Spinal and neuromuscular excitability and peripheral nerve excitability were measured by F response and M-wave. Cortical plasticity was induced using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Subjects received either HYP extract or placebo before anodal and cathodal tDCS of the primary motor cortex. Plasticity was assessed by MEP amplitudes. Results: HYP extract reversed cathodal tDCS-induced long-term depression (LTD)-like plasticity into facilitation, as compared to placebo. HYP extract did not have a significant effect on anodal tDCS-induced plasticity and TMS measures of motor cortex and spinal/neuromuscular excitability. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that a single oral dose of HYP extract modulates cortical plasticity in healthy subjects and provide new insight into its possible mechanism of action in humans.
International randomized-controlled trial of transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in depression$$$ Background Evidence suggests that transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has antidepressant effects in unipolar depression, but there is limited information for patients with bipolar depression. Additionally, prior research suggests that brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) Val66Met genotype may moderate response to tDCS. Objective To examine tDCS efficacy in unipolar and bipolar depression and assess if BDNF genotype is associated with antidepressant response to tDCS. Methods 130 participants diagnosed with a major depressive episode were randomized to receive active (2.5 milliamps (mA), 30 min) or sham (0.034 mA and two 60-second current ramps up to 1 and 0.5 mA) tDCS to the left prefrontal cortex, administered in 20 sessions over 4 weeks, in a double-blinded, international multisite study. Mixed effects repeated measures analyses assessed change in mood and neuropsychological scores in participants with at least one post-baseline rating in the unipolar (N = 84) and bipolar (N = 36) samples. Results Mood improved significantly over the 4-week treatment period in both unipolar (p = 0.001) and bipolar groups (p < 0.001). Among participants with unipolar depression, there were more remitters in the sham treatment group (p = 0.03). There was no difference between active and sham stimulation in the bipolar sample. BDNF genotype was unrelated to antidepressant outcome. Conclusions Overall, this study found no antidepressant difference between active and sham stimulation for unipolar or bipolar depression. However, the possibility that the low current delivered in the sham tDCS condition was biologically active cannot be discounted. Moreover, BDNF genotype did not moderate antidepressant outcome. Clinical Trials Registration www.clinicaltrials.gov, NCT01562184.
Acute and repetitive fronto-cerebellar tDCS stimulation improves mood in non-depressed participants$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive form of brain stimulation, which allows for selective inhibition or excitation of neural structures. It has demonstrated some efficacy in the treatment of mood disorders. However, these studies have predominately focused on stimulation of the prefrontal cortex (PFC). The cerebellum has an increasingly recognized role in emotional control, affective state, and some psychopathologies. As such, tDCS research into mood modulation needs to expand beyond conventional PFC-focused paradigms. Using a contralateral stimulation electrode placement [anodal left dorsolateral(dl)PFC, cathodal right cerebellum], and a single-blind, repeated-measures design, we initially assessed changes in the mood of healthy participants in response to acute stimulation (n = 44) and three repeated stimulations delivered second-daily (n = 21). In a second experiment, we separately investigated the influence of reversed polarity upon these same measures, in response to acute stimulation (n = 23) and repeated stimulation (n = 11). We observed a systematic elevation of mood in both active conditions following single and repeated tDCS, the latter of which displayed a progressive elevation of mood from baseline. No mood change was noted in response to either single or repeated stimulation in the sham condition. Frontocerebellar tDCS stimulation advantageously influences mood in healthy participants, with an accumulative and potentiated effect following successive stimulations. The possibility that frontocerebellar stimulation may provide a novel therapeutic adjunctive or pre-emptive intervention in stress-related disorders and mood-related psychopathologies should be considered.
Safety and preliminary efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in MS-related fatigue$$$ Objective: To conduct a randomized, sham-controlled phase I/IIa study to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of deep brain H-coil repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and the primary motor cortex (MC) in patients with MS with fatigue or depression (NCT01106365). Methods: Thirty-three patients with MS were recruited to undergo 18 consecutive rTMS sessions over 6 weeks, followed by follow-up (FU) assessments over 6 weeks. Patients were randomized to receive high-frequency stimulation of the left PFC, MC, or sham stimulation. Primary end point was the safety of stimulation. Preliminary efficacy was assessed based on changes in Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS) and Beck Depression Inventory scores. Randomization allowed only analysis of preliminary efficacy for fatigue. Results: No serious adverse events were observed. Five patients terminated participation during treatment due to mild side effects. Treatment resulted in a significant median FSS decrease of 1.0 point (95%CI [0.45,1.65]), which was sustained during FU. Conclusions: H-coil rTMS is safe and well tolerated in patients with MS. The observed sustained reduction in fatigue after subthreshold MC stimulation warrants further investigation. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01106365. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class III evidence that rTMS of the prefrontal or primary MC is not associated with serious adverse effects, although this study is underpowered to state this with any precision.
Treatments to promote neural repair after stroke$$$ Stroke remains a major cause of human disability worldwide. In parallel with advances in acute stroke interventions, new therapies are under development that target restorative processes. Such therapies have a treatment time window measured in days, weeks, or longer and so have the advantage that they may be accessible by a majority of patients. Several categories of restorative therapy have been studied and are reviewed herein, including drugs, growth factors, monoclonal antibodies, activity-related therapies including telerehabilitation, and a host of devices such as those related to brain stimulation or robotics. Many patients with stroke do not receive acute stroke therapies or receive them and do not derive benefit, often surviving for years thereafter. Therapies based on neural repair hold the promise of providing additional treatment options to a majority of patients with stroke.
Acetaminophen as adjuvant to risperidone in chronic schizophrenia: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Objective: Although the pathogenesis of schizophrenia is still uncertain, a variety of predisposing mechanisms have been implicated including inflammatory cascades. The present study was conducted to investigate the effectiveness of acetaminophen as a cyclooxygenase inhibitor in treating patients with schizophrenia. Method: A double-blind clinical trial was performed on 52 patients with chronic schizophrenia. Patients received risperidone (up to 6 mg/day) plus either acetaminophen (975mg/day) or placebo. Psychotic symptoms were assessed by the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) at the onset of the trial, and at 2, 4, 6, and 8 weeks post therapy. Results: Compared to the placebo group, the acetaminophen group showed no significant difference in any subtypes of PANSS. Moreover, the side effect profiles of the 2treatment regimens were not significantly different. Conclusion: Acetaminophen adjuvant to risperidone showed no significant effect in ameliorating symptoms of schizophrenia.
Transcranial direct current stimulation based on quantitative electroencephalogram combining positive psychotherapy for major depression$$$ Frontal cortex activity in the left hemisphere during depression is reduced. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation technique that can increase frontal cortex activity. Therapy based on tDCS and positive psychology (PP) therapy was applied improving patients' quality of life. The present study compared three conditions participants with clinical depression; (a) tDCS therapy, (b) positive psychotherapy, and (c) combined treatment. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), Adult State Hope Scale and Optimism/Pessimism Scale (OPS) was used at baseline, 2 weeks, 4-weeks and 3-months follow-up. Combined condition participants showed greater reduction in depressed mood, improved hope and optimism after 4-weeks as well as during 3-months follow-up than the other conditions. The results are discussed in terms of additive or synergistic relation between tDCS and PP treatment. Future studies should (a) use larger sample-sizes, (b) include no-treatment control conditions, (c) include double-blind designs, (d) control for previous or on-going drug therapy, (d) control for previous or ongoing psychotherapy. Furthermore, future studies should aim to increase theoretical understanding by investigating whether the relation between tDCS and psychotherapy are additive or synergistic.
Clinical improvement in patients with borderline personality disorder after treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: Preliminary results$$$ Objective: Current treatment of borderline personality disorder (BPD) consists of psychotherapy and pharmacological interventions. However, the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) could be beneficial to improve some BPD symptoms. The objective of this study was to evaluate clinical improvement in patients with BPD after application of rTMS over the right or left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Method: Twenty-nine patients with BPD from the National Institute of Psychiatry, Mexico, were randomized in two groups to receive 15 sessions of rTMS applied over the right (1 Hz, n=15) or left (5 Hz, n=14) DLPFC. Improvement was measured by the Clinical Global Impression Scale for BPD (CGI-BPD), Borderline Evaluation of Severity Over Time (BEST), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A), and Barratt Impulsiveness Scale (BIS). Results: Intragroup comparison showed significant (p < 0.05) reductions in every psychopathologic domain of the CGI-BPD and in the total scores of all scales in both groups. Conclusions: Both protocols produced global improvement in severity and symptoms of BPD, particularly in impulsiveness, affective instability, and anger. Further studies are warranted to explore the therapeutic effect of rTMS in BPD. Clinical trial registration: NCT02273674.
Safety and preliminary efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in MS-related fatigue$$$ Objective: To conduct a randomized, sham-controlled phase I/IIa study to evaluate the safety and preliminary efficacy of deep brain H-coil repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the prefrontal cortex (PFC) and the primary motor cortex (MC) in patients with MS with fatigue or depression (NCT01106365). Methods: Thirty-three patients with MS were recruited to undergo 18 consecutive rTMS sessions over 6 weeks, followed by follow-up (FU) assessments over 6 weeks. Patients were randomized to receive high-frequency stimulation of the left PFC, MC, or sham stimulation. Primary end point was the safety of stimulation. Preliminary efficacy was assessed based on changes in Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS) and Beck Depression Inventory scores. Randomization allowed only analysis of preliminary efficacy for fatigue. Results: No serious adverse events were observed. Five patients terminated participation during treatment due to mild side effects. Treatment resulted in a significant median FSS decrease of 1.0 point (95%CI [0.45,1.65]), which was sustained during FU. Conclusions: H-coil rTMS is safe and well tolerated in patients with MS. The observed sustained reduction in fatigue after subthreshold MC stimulation warrants further investigation. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01106365. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class III evidence that rTMS of the prefrontal or primary MC is not associated with serious adverse effects, although this study is underpowered to state this with any precision.
New perspectives in the treatment of body dysmorphic disorder$$$ Body dysmorphic disorder (BDD) is a disabling illness with a high worldwide prevalence. Patients demonstrate a debilitating preoccupation with one or more perceived defects, often marked by poor insight or delusional convictions. Multiple studies have suggested that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and various cognitive behavioral therapy modalities are effective first-line treatments in decreasing BDD severity, relieving depressive symptoms, restoring insight, and increasing quality of life. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have also recently been shown to be effective for relapse prevention. This review provides a comprehensive summary of the current understanding of BDD, including its clinical features, epidemiology, genetics, and current treatment modalities. Additional research is needed to fully elucidate the relationship between BDD and comorbid illnesses such as obsessive-compulsive-related disorders and depression and to develop therapies for refractory patients and those who have contraindications for pharmacological intervention.
Effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation for the reduction of symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder admitted to public, educational, and private hospitals in Ilam, Iran$$$ Objectives: The current study aimed at analyzing the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) on reduction of depression symptoms in patients admitted to public, educational, and private hospitals in Ilam, Iran. Methods: In the current clinical trial, pre-tests and post-tests were used to analyze data. The study population consisted of patients diagnosed with depression admitted to public, educational, and private hospitals of Ilam. After explaining the study objectives, 40 patients agreed to cooperate. The convenience sampling method was used in the current study through which patients were selected randomly and allocated into 2 groups of 10 and 20 stimulation sessions, respectively. The Beck depression inventory was used to collect data. The t test and Pearson correlation test were used in hypothesis assessment procedure. Results: The results of the current study revealed that TDCS reduced depression in the studied patients. Conclusions: The duration of electrical current pulses to the brain is associated with the reduction of depression symptoms in patients with depression. No study demonstrated compatibility and incompatibility with this hypothesis. The counselling centers, institutes, university and other institutions can benefit from the results of the current and other similar ones.
Electroconvulsive treatment for geriatric depression: a systematic review of randomized clinical trials$$$ Objective: To explore the clinical effectiveness and safety of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in elderly patients with depression. Methods: Searches were made in PubMed, EMBase, Web of Knowledge, CNKI, Wanfang, VIP, CBMDisc databases and etc. CONSORT (Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials) statement were used to assess the methodological quality of the studies. RevMan and STATA were used to do meta analysis. Results: Ten studies were included in this systematic review. The studies which used Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD, n=5) and MontgomeryÅsberg depression rating scale (MADRS, n=3) to access depressed symptom were analyzed. Sample size was 306 and 290 before and after treatment, respectively. The depressive symptoms were significantly improved after ECT treatment estimated by either HAMD (Z=6.39, SMD=3.64, P=0.000) or MADRS (Z=15.47, SMD=2.12, P=0.000). There was no difference of Mini-mental State Examination (MMSE) scores before and after the treatment (Z=1.47, P=0.140). The incidence of adverse events of headache, confusion, drowsiness, nausea and vomiting was more than 5%. Conclusion: Depressed symptoms are significantly improved in geriatric depression after ECT. The overall cognitive impairment is not obvious, but headache and disturbance of consciousness are common.
Cognitive Training and Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Mild Cognitive Impairment in Parkinson's Disease: A Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ This study examined whether standard cognitive training, tailored cognitive training, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), standard cognitive training + tDCS, or tailored cognitive training + tDCS improved cognitive function and functional outcomes in participants with PD and mild cognitive impairment (PD-MCI). Forty-two participants with PD-MCI were randomized to one of six groups: (1) standard cognitive training, (2) tailored cognitive training, (3) tDCS, (4) standard cognitive training + tDCS, (5) tailored cognitive training + tDCS, or (6) a control group. Interventions lasted 4 weeks, with cognitive and functional outcomes measured at baseline, post-intervention, and follow-up. The trial was registered with the Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry (ANZCTR: 12614001039673). While controlling for moderator variables, Generalized Linear Mixed Models (GLMMs) showed that when compared to the control group, the intervention groups demonstrated variable statistically significant improvements across executive function, attention/working memory, memory, language, activities of daily living (ADL), and quality of life (QOL; Hedge's g range = 0.01 to 1.75). More outcomes improved for the groups that received standard or tailored cognitive training combined with tDCS. Participants with PD-MCI receiving cognitive training (standard or tailored) or tDCS demonstrated significant improvements on cognitive and functional outcomes, and combining these interventions provided greater therapeutic effects.
Efficacy and safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using an H1-coil or figure-8-coil in the treatment of unipolar major depressive disorder: A study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive technique with few side effects that has been reported to be effective in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). At present, no randomized controlled trials (RCT) have compared the efficacy and safety of rTMS delivered by the figure-8-coil and the H1-coil. We describe an industry-independent, randomized, controlled, single-blinded, single-center study protocol assessing the differences in efficacy and safety of rTMS for patients diagnosed with MDD with the H1-coil and figure-8-coil as an add-on to stable pharmacotherapy or pharmacotherapy alone. Stimulation protocols follow those that led to the FDA clearance of these treatments for MDD. The sample of 76 patents in each of the three groups will be enrolled and assessed with clinical and neuropsychological tests. The primary outcome is remission rate defined as Hamilton depression rating scale (HAM-D17) score ≤7 at the end of week-4. This clinical trial will address the efficacy and safety of rTMS modalities for MDD. The evaluation of biological markers will also help to elucidate the pathophysiology of MDD and the mechanisms of action of rTMS.
Neuromodulation by RTMS in Parkinsons disease$$$ Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) presents with characteristic motor symptoms such as tremor, rigid-ity, bradykinesia, problems with gait. The benefits of available standalone pharmacotherapy in managing the symptoms of PD wane off eventually; compromising the quality of life.We evaluated if neuromodula-tion by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at three cortical-foci alleviate the severity of motor symptoms of medicated PD patients of northern India. Methods: Patients with PD presenting to the outpatient department and meeting the clinical inclusion criteria were enrolled in the randomized, single blind, sham-controlled, prospective study after obtaining due informed consent. The patients were randomly assigned to one of three groups (Motor area (M1), n=13; Premotor area (PMA), n = 18; Supplementary Motor area (SMA), n =19). The patients received 3000 stimulations at 1 Hz (at M1), 1 Hz (at PMA) and 5 Hz (at SMA). Sham-TMS was given under identical set-tings as real-TMS with a sham coil. Stimulation and evaluation were both done during ON phase. The primary outcome measures were change of scores [validated clinical scales: UPDRS, PDQ39, HAMA, HAMD, PurduePegBoard(PPB)] from baseline after sham and real rTMS. Results: Comparisons between three groups (cortical foci) yielded significant improvements after real TMS compared to sham as reflected by UPDRS II (p=0.002), UPDRS III (p=0.002) and PDQ39 [Mobility (p=0.006) ADL (p=0.012)], PPB Right (p=0.001), PPB Left (p=0.003), PPB Assembly( p< 0.001). These im-provements were notable in M1 and SMA groups but not in PMA. Conclusions: Treatment by rTMS over M1 and SMA offered significant clinical benefits as compared to pharmacotherapy alone. As there is evidence of geographic and ethnic trends in PD distribution, the pres-ent results suggest improvements in PD patients of the studied population. This merits detailed investiga-tion into effects of rTMS with a larger sample size and longer follow-up in this patient pool.
Consensus recommendations for the clinical application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of depression$$$ Objective: To provide expert recommendations for the safe and effective application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). Participants: Participants included a group of 17 expert clinicians and researchers with expertise in the clinical application of rTMS, representing both the National Network of Depression Centers (NNDC) rTMS Task Group and the American Psychiatric Association Council on Research (APA CoR) Task Force on Novel Biomarkers and Treatments. Evidence: The consensus statement is based on a review of extensive literature from 2 databases (OvidSP MEDLINE and PsycINFO) searched from 1990 through 2016. The search terms included variants of major depressive disorder and transcranial magnetic stimulation. The results were limited to articles written in English that focused on adult populations. Of the approximately 1,500 retrieved studies, a total of 118 publications were included in the consensus statement and were supplemented with expert opinion to achieve consensus recommendations on key issues surrounding the administration of rTMS for MDD in clinical practice settings. Consensus Process: In cases in which the research evidence was equivocal or unclear, a consensus decision on how rTMS should be administered was reached by the authors of this article and is denoted in the article as "expert opinion." Conclusions: Multiple randomized controlled trials and published literature have supported the safety and efficacy of rTMS antidepressant therapy. These consensus recommendations, developed by the NNDC rTMS Task Group and APA CoR Task Force on Novel Biomarkers and Treatments, provide comprehensive information for the safe and effective clinical application of rTMS in the treatment of MDD.
Repetitive deep TMS for Parkinson disease: A 3-month double-blind, randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Purpose: To study the effects of a repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (rDTMS) in patients with Parkinson disease using the H5 coil for the low-frequency stimulation of the primary motor cortex, followed by the high-frequency rDTMS of the prefrontal cortex. Methods: The main outcome measures were the total and motor scores of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). Secondary measures included rating of depression and quantitative motor tasks. Results: Forty-eight patients were randomized 1:1 into real or sham rDTMS treatment arms. Analyses (n = 42) of both UPDRS scores revealed a significant main effect for time between baseline and day 90 (end of treatment), indicating that there was an improvement of both scores over time in the whole sample. Although effects of treatment and time-by-treatment were insignificant, simple effects analysis of both measures was significant in the rDTMS group and reached a P-value of 0.06 in the sham group. The response rate was higher in patients with longer disease duration and higher motor UPDRS scores. Side effects were more common in the rDTMS group but were transient and tolerable. Conclusions: Although rDTMS treatment exhibited some motor improvements, we could not demonstrate an advantage for real treatment over sham. Further research is required to establish stimulation parameters that may induce potentially more beneficial outcomes, probably in patients with longer and more sever disease.
How can transcranial magnetic stimulation change the way we treat traumatic brain injury?$$$ Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a major health and socioeconomic problem worldwide. Despite improvements in the acute management of TBI over the past decades, which has led to better outcomes, there remains a need for novel treatment protocols that facilitate or enhance neuroplasticity and brain repair. There have been an increasing number of scientific publications describing the use of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for assessment and treatment in many research settings and clinical conditions, including TBI. Method: This study aimed to identify the role of TMS, a noninvasive brain stimulation technique, in the assessment and treatment of TBI by reviewing articles published to date from the PubMed database. Results: Most published articles on TMS in TBI are case reports. The use of TMS was reported as both a diagnostic tool and therapeutic instrument. There are few controlled trials of TMS in patients with TBI. Conclusion: TMS has the potential to modify the care of patients with TBI. TMS is an important instrument for evaluating brain injury from a functional perspective and also providing insights into neuromodulation approaches that may enhance recovery.
Depression and chronic heart failure in the elderly: An intriguing relationship$$$ Chronic heart failure and depressive disorders have a high prevalence and incidence in the elderly. Several studies have shown how depression tends to exacerbate coexisting chronic heart failure and its clinical outcomes and vice versa, especially in the elderly. The negative synergism between chronic heart failure and depression in the elderly may be approached only taking into account the multifaceted pathophysiological characteristics underlying both these conditions, such as behavioural factors, neurohormonal activation, inflammatory mediators, hypercoagulability and vascular damage. Nevertheless, the pathophysiological link between these two conditions is not well established yet. Despite the high prevalence of depression in chronic heart failure elderly patients and its negative prognostic value, it is often unrecognized especially because of shared symptoms. So the screening of mood disorders, using reliable questionnaires, is recommended in elderly patients with chronic heart failure, even if cannot substitute a diagnostic interview by mental health professionals. In this setting, treatment of depression requires a multidisciplinary approach including: psychotherapy, antidepressants, exercise training and electroconvulsive therapy. Pharmacological therapy with SSRIs, despite conflicting results, improves quality of life but does not guarantee better outcomes. Exercise training is effective in improving quality of life and prognosis but at the same time cardiac rehabilitation services are vastly underutilized.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of interventions for major depression in older persons: Protocol for Bayesian network meta-analysis$$$ Introduction Major depression is a leading cause of disability and has been associated with adverse effects in older persons. While many pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions have been shown to be effective to address major depression in older persons, there has not been a meta-analysis that consolidates all the available interventions and compare the relative benefits of these available interventions. In this study, we aim to conduct a systematic review and network meta-analysis to compare the efficacy and acceptability of all the known pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions for major depression in older persons. Methods and analysis We will search Medline, Embase, PsycINFO, Cumulative Index to Nursing and Allied Health, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and references of other review articles for articles related to the keywords of 'randomised trial', 'major depression', 'older persons' and 'treatments'. Two reviewers will independently select the eligible articles. For each included article, the two reviewers will independently extract the data and assess the risk of bias using the Cochrane revised tool for risk of bias. Bayesian network meta-analyses will be conducted to pool the depression scores (based on standardised mean difference) and the all-cause discontinuation across all included studies. The ranking probabilities for all interventions will be estimated and the hierarchy of each intervention will be summarised as surface under the cumulative ranking curve (SUCRA). Meta-regression and sub-group analyses will also be performed to evaluate the effect of study-level covariates. The quality of the evidence will be assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation approach. Ethics and dissemination The results will be disseminated through conference presentations and peer-reviewed publications. They will provide the consolidated evidence to inform clinicians on the best choice of intervention to address major depression in older persons. PROSPERO registration number CRD42017075756.
Rethinking the spectrum of mood disorders: Implications for diagnosis and management – Proceedings of a symposium presented at the 30th Annual European College of Neuropsychopharmacology Congress, 4 September 2017, Paris, France$$$ The simultaneous occurrence of manic and depressive features has been recognized since classical times, but the term ‘mixed state’ was first used by Kraepelin at the end of the 19th century. From the 1980s, until the advent of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fifth edition (DSM-5), psychiatric disorders were classified using a categorical approach. However, it was recognized that such an approach was too rigid to encompass the range of symptomatology encountered in clinical practice. Therefore, a dimensional approach was adopted in DSM-5, in which affective states are considered to be distributed across a continuum ranging from pure mania to pure depression. In addition, the copresence of symptoms of the opposite pole are captured using a ‘with mixed features’ specifier, applied when three or more nonoverlapping subthreshold symptoms of the opposite pole are present. Mixed features are common in patients with mood episodes, complicating the course of illness, reducing treatment response and worsening outcomes. However, research in this area is scarce and treatment options are limited. Current evidence indicates that antidepressants should be avoided for the treatment of bipolar mixed states. Evidence for bipolar mixed states supports the use of several second-generation antipsychotics, valproate and electroconvulsive therapy. One randomized controlled trial has demonstrated the efficacy of lurasidone, compared with placebo, in patients with major depressive disorder with mixed features, and there is limited evidence supporting the use of ziprasidone in such patients. Further research is required to determine whether other antipsychotic agents, or additional therapeutic approaches, might also be effective in this setting.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for improving cognition in veterans with TBI: Results from pilot clinical trial$$$ Many returning OEF/OIF Veterans with concussion histories report cognitive problems that may last for months or even years (Schneiderman et al., 2008; Hoge et al., 2008). Co-morbid conditions such as post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and depression may prolong the symptoms of Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI) resulting in lowered attention, processing speed, learning and memory (Nelson et al., 2012; Caeyenberghs et al., 2012). This study evaluated the efficacy of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) as a promising noninvasive therapeutic treatment for executive function (EF) deficits seen in Veterans with mild to moderate TBI. Thirty-Three Veterans with TBI (age 20-69 years; mild (n = 27) and moderate (n = 6) enrolled in either the treatment (n = 17) or the sham (n = 16) arm in a randomized clinical trial conducted at the VA Palo Alto. Treatment was administered over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) with intensity of 120% of motor threshold in 80 five-second trains at 10Hz frequency with 10- second inter-train interval (20 sessions in total). Preliminary analysis did not show a significant difference between Sham and Active groups in at least one of the primary executive function change scores (Trails B; p > .1). Further analysis will include adjustment for rTMS-induced change in PTSD and/or depression symptoms. Additionally, restingstate fMRI analysis revealed a decrease in connectivity between stimulation site (LDLPFC) and cingulo-opercular network (CON) with a standardized beta effect size of -0.81 ( p = .036) which was slightly associated with the digit coding task ( p = .046, beta = 0.34). Biomarker data analysis further showed an increase in the ratio of Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor (BDNF)/Pro-BDNF in Active vs. Sham groups from baseline to 10th and 20th treatment with the largest difference observed after 10th treatment. These compelling results are preliminary and significant specifically in the neural and biochemistry mechanisms underlying the relationships between stimulation sites and networks heavily implicated in attention in this population.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting state network targeting for treatment-resistant depression in TBI$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has demonstrated antidepressant efficacy, but has limited evidence in depression associated with traumatic brain injury (TBI). Here, we investigate the use of rTMS targeted with individualized resting-state network mapping (RSNM) of dorsal attention network (DAN) and default mode network (DMN) in subjects with treatment-resistant depression associated with TBI. Methods: 14 Subjects with treatment-resistant depression and prior concussive or moderate TBI received resting-state fMRI scans with individual-level RSNM. Subjects were randomized to 20 sessions of bilateral rTMS (4000 left-sided excitatory pulses, 1000 right-sided inhibitory pulses) or sham. Treatment was targeted to the dorsolateral prefrontal cluster with maximal difference between DAN and DMN correlations. The primary outcome was Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Results: Mean MADRS improvement was 56%±14% (n = 9) with active treatment and 27%±25% (n = 5) with sham (Cohen's d = 1.43). One subject randomized to sham withdrew prior to starting treatment. There were no seizures or other significant adverse events. Antidepressant efficacy was inversely correlated with functional connectivity between the right-sided stimulation site and the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (r=-0.68, 95% CI 0.03±0.925). Treatment led to significant increase in DMN-sgACC connectivity (standardized b effect size = 1.2, 95% CI [0.1,2.3]), left stimulation site-sgACC anticorrelation (b = -1.0 [-1.9,-0.1]), and interhemispheric stimulation site connectivity (b = 1.2 [0.1,2.3]). Antidepressant response further covaried with changes in DMN-sgACC connectivity (b = 1.7 [0.4,3.0]), within-sgACC connectivity (b = 1.4 [0.1,2.7]), left stimulation site anti-correlation with sgACC (b = -1.8 [-3.0,-0.7]), connectivity within the left stimulation site (b = 1.4 [0.02,2.9]), connectivity within the right stimulation site (b = 1.6 [0.2,2.9]), and interhemispheric stimulation site connectivity (b = 1.7 [0.4,3.0]). Conclusions: This pilot study provides evidence that RSNMtargeted rTMS is feasible in TBI patients with depression. Given the dearth of existing evidence-based treatments for depression in this patient population, these preliminarily encouraging results indicate that larger controlled trials are warranted.
The effects of music-supported therapy on motor, cognitive, and psychosocial functions in chronic stroke$$$ Neuroplasticity accompanying learning is a key mediator of stroke rehabilitation. Training in playing music in healthy populations and patients with movement disorders requires resources within motor, sensory, cognitive, and affective systems, and coordination among these systems. We investigated effects of music-supported therapy (MST) in chronic stroke on motor, cognitive, and psychosocial functions compared to conventional physical training (GRASP). Twenty-eight adults with unilateral arm and hand impairment were randomly assigned to MST (n = 14) and GRASP (n = 14) and received 30 h of training over a 10-week period. The assessment was conducted at four time points: before intervention, after 5 weeks, after 10 weeks, and 3 months after training completion. As for two of our three primary outcome measures concerning motor function, all patients slightly improved in Chedoke–McMaster Stroke Assessment hand score, while the time to complete Action Research Arm Test became shorter in the MST group. The third primary outcome measure for well-being, Stroke Impact Scale, was improved for emotion and social communication earlier in MST and coincided with the improved executive function for task switching and music rhythm perception. The results confirmed previous findings and expanded the potential usage of MST for enhancing quality of life in community-dwelling chronic-stage survivors.
The use of MR‑less MNI based neuronavigation for 10 Hz rTMS depression therapy: electrophysiological and clinical implications$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a popular and effective treatment for drug resistant depression. However, there is considerable variability in clinical outcomes, in previous studies and between patients. Because of high requirements for the use of fMRI based neuronavigation, many practitioners of rTMS still choose to use a standard 5 cm rule for rTMS coil placement which leads to large variations in which brain regions are being stimulated. We decided to test the possibilities of a MNI based MR‑less neuronavigation system in rTMS depression treatment, by comparing the physiological effects and clinical outcomes of 3 distinct stimulation targets. Forty‑six patients (thirty‑three female, thirteen male) from the Republican Vilnius psychiatric hospital, all with drug resistant depressive disorder, participated in the study. All patients received high frequency (10 Hz) stimulation for 10 to 15 daily rTMS sessions. However, before the treatment they were randomly sorted into 3 groups according to stimulation target in MNI map: Group 1 received rTMS at point ‑40; 48; 35; Group 2 received rTMS at point ‑46; 45; 38; Group 3 received rTMS at point ‑38; 44; 26. Electroencephalography (EEG) recordings and clinical tests were obtained the day before the rTMS course and after the last session. There were some notable differences in physiological changes between the groups, with the largest EEG band spectral power increases found in Group 1 patients and the lowest in Group 2 patients. There was a significantly larger decrease of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) scores in the Group 3 (66.94%) compared to Group 1 (57.52%) and Group 2 (56.02%). This suggests it is possible to achieve higher clinical efficacy and less physiological impact on the brain when using different targets in a neuronavigated MNI based MR‑less rTMS system.
Modulation of corticospinal excitability depends on the pattern of mechanical tactile stimulation$$$ We investigated the effects of different patterns of mechanical tactile stimulation (MS) on corticospinal excitability by measuring the motor-evoked potential (MEP). This was a single-blind study that included nineteen healthy subjects. MS was applied for 20 min to the right index finger. MS intervention was defined as simple, lateral, rubbing, vertical, or random. Simple intervention stimulated the entire finger pad at the same time. Lateral intervention stimulated with moving between left and right on the finger pad. Rubbing intervention stimulated with moving the stimulus probe, fixed by protrusion pins. Vertical intervention stimulated with moving in the forward and backward directions on the finger pad. Random intervention stimulated to finger pad with either row protrudes. MEPs were measured in the first dorsal interosseous muscle to transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left motor cortex before, immediately after, and 5-20 min after intervention. Following simple intervention, MEP amplitudes were significantly smaller than preintervention, indicating depression of corticospinal excitability. Following lateral, rubbing, and vertical intervention, MEP amplitudes were significantly larger than preintervention, indicating facilitation of corticospinal excitability. The modulation of corticospinal excitability depends on MS patterns. These results contribute to knowledge regarding the use of MS as a neurorehabilitation tool to neurological disorder.
Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training in the treatment of apathy in patients with Alzheimer’s disease: Study protocol for a randomized trial$$$ Background: Apathy, commonly defined as the loss of motivation, is a symptom frequently encountered in Alzheimer’s Disease (AD). The treatment of apathy remains challenging in the absence of any truly effective medications. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) or Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) can improve cognitive disorders, but do not appear to improve apathy. Isolated cognitive training also appears to have no effect on apathy. We propose to test the efficacy of a new procedure for the treatment of apathy in AD patients consisting of a combination of tDCS and cognitive training, based on the latest guidelines for the design of therapeutic trials in this field. Methods/Design: This article primarily describes the design of a monocentre, randomized, double-blind trial to be conducted in France to evaluate the effect of the combination of tDCS and cognitive training on apathy compared to a group treated exclusively by cognitive training (sham tDCS). Twen-ty-four patients under the age of 90 years with mild-to-moderate Alzheimer’s disease (Mini Mental State Examination score between 15 and 26/30) (MMSE)) presenting clinically significant apathy evaluated by the Apathy Inventory (AI) and the NeuroPsychiatric Inventory (NPI) apathy subscore will be enrolled. Severe depression will be excluded by using the NPI depression subscore. Treatment will comprise 10 sessions (D0-D11) including tDCS (bilateral prefrontal, temporal and parietal tar-gets) and Cognitive Training (Cog) (6 simple tasks involving working memory, language and visuospatial function). After randomization (ratio 2:1), 16 patients will receive the complete treatment comprising tDCS and Cog (group 1) and 8 patients will be treated exclusively by Cog (sham tDCS) (group 2). The primary endpoint will be a significant improvement of the AI score by comparing baseline measures (D-15) to those recorded one month after stopping treatment (D44). Secondary end-points will be an improvement of this score immediately after treatment (D14), 2 weeks (D29) and 2 months (D74) after stopping treatment and improvement of the MMSE score, NPI apathy subscore, ADAS Cog (Alzheimer Disease Assessment cognitive Scale subsection), ADCS-ADL (Alzheimer Disease Cooperative Study-Activities of Daily Living), FAB (Frontal Assessment Battery) and the latency of P300 evoked potentials at the same timepoints. Conclusion: The purpose of our study is to check the assumption of tDCS and cognitive training efficacy in the treatment of apathy encountered in AD patients and we will discuss its effect over time.
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation in major depression induces decreases in modularity: A connectome analysis$$$ Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) is a noninvasive neurostimulation technique that shows promise for improving clinical outcome in patients suffering from treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Although it has been suggested that aiTBS may evoke beneficial neuroplasticity effects in neuronal circuits, the effects of aiTBS on brain networks have not been investigated until now. Fifty TRD patients were enrolled in a randomized double-blind sham-controlled crossover trial involving aiTBS, applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Diffusion-weighted MRI data were acquired at each of three time points (T1 at baseline; T2 after the first week of real/sham aiTBS stimulation; and T3 after the second week of treatment). Graph analysis was performed on the structural connectivity to examine treatment-related changes in the organization of brain networks. Changes in depression severity were assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). Baseline data were compared with 60 healthy controls. We observed a significant reduction in depression symptoms over time (p < 0.001). At T1, both TRD patients and controls exhibited a small-world topology in their white matter networks. More importantly, the TRD patients demonstrated a significantly shorter normalized path length (pAUC = 0.01), and decreased assortativity (pAUC = 0.035) of the structural networks, compared with the healthy control group. Within the TRD group, graph analysis revealed a less modular network configuration between T1 and T2 in the TRD group who received real aiTBS stimulation in the first week (p < 0.013). Finally, there were no significant correlations between changes on HDRS scores and reduced modularity. Application of aiTBS in TRD is characterized by reduced modularity, already evident 4 days after treatment. These findings support the potential clinical application of such noninvasive brain stimulation in TRD.
Patient-delivered tDCS on chronic neuropathic pain in prior responders to TMS (A randomized controlled pilot study)$$$ Background: Successful response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex requires continued maintenance treatments. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) may provide a more convenient alternative. Methods: This pilot study aimed to examine the feasibility of a randomized, double-blind, double-crossover pilot study for patients to self-administer tDCS motor cortex stimulation for 20 minutes/day over five consecutive days. Primary outcomes were as follows: usability of patient-administered tDCS, compliance with device, recruitment, and retention rates. Secondary outcomes were as follows: effect on overall pain levels and quality of life via Short Form-36 anxiety and depression via Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale, and Mini-Mental State scores. Results: A total of 24 subjects with neuropathic pain, who had previously experienced rTMS motor cortex stimulation (13 with reduction in pain scores, 11 nonresponders) were recruited at the Pain Research Institute, Fazakerley, UK. A total of 21 subjects completed the study. Recruitment rate was 100% but retention rate was only 87.5%. All patients reported satisfactory usability of the tDCS device. No significant difference was shown between Sham vs Anodal (–0.16, 95% CI: –0.43 to 0.11) P=0.43, Sham vs Cathodal (0.11, 95% CI: –0.16 to 0.37) P=0.94, or Cathodal vs Anodal (–0.27, 95% CI: –0.54 to 0.00) P=0.053 treatments. Furthermore, no significant changes were demonstrated in anxiety, depression, or quality of life measurements. The data collected to estimate sample size for a definitive study suggested that the study’s sample size was already large enough to detect a change of 15% in pain levels at 90% power for the overall group of 21 patients. Conclusion: This study did not show a beneficial effect of tDCS in this group of patients and does not support the need for a larger definitive study using the same experimental paradigm.
Deep brain stimulation for intractable obsessive-compulsive disorder: The international and japanese situation/scenario$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is used to treat symptoms by modulating the cortico-striato-thalamo-cortical (CSTC) loop in the central nervous system (CNS), and attempts to research loop circuit disorders have been globally initiated among the intractable neurological and psychiatric disorders. DBS treatment has been evaluated for all these newly found CNS loop circuit disorders. In 2011, neurosurgical treatments for psychiatric disorders were renamed from “psychosurgery” to “neurosurgery for psychiatric disorders (NPD)” by the World Society for Stereotactic and Functional Neurosurgery (WSSFN). Moreover, in 2014, “Consensus on guidelines for stereotactic neurosurgery for psychiatric disorders” was published by the WSSFN to address the differences in correspondence of stereotactic NPD. Globally, two multicenter prospective randomized control trials regarding DBS of the subcallosal cingulated gyrus and ventral anterior internal capsule/ventral striatum for intractable depression have been terminated after futility analysis. However, DBS for intractable obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), unlike for intractable depression, is showing steady development. In Japan, NPDs have not been performed since 1975 following the adoption of “Resolution of total denial for psychosurgery” by the Japanese Society of Psychiatry and Neurology. Nevertheless, a trend to adopt new neuro-modulation techniques for psychiatric disorders, including DBS, are emerging. We have created a clinical research protocol for the use of DBS in intractable OCD, which has been approved by the ethical committee of Hamamatsu University School of Medicine, with the hope of commencing DBS treatment for intractable OCD patients in the near future.
Recommendations for the use of ECT in pregnancy: Literature review and proposed clinical protocol$$$ Psychiatric disorders are common in pregnancy, affecting 15-29% of pregnant women. Untreated depression has negative health consequences for mother and fetus. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective option for the treatment of severe depression, high suicide risk, catatonia, medication-resistant illness, psychotic agitation, severe physical decline, and other life-threatening conditions. To our knowledge, however, there is no literature that consolidates all the evidence on maternal and fetal risks associated with untreated depression, medications, and ECT then translating it into one cohesive protocol that could serve as a management guide and a source of reassurance to health-care providers involved in such practice. Hoping to facilitate ECT access to perinatal patients, the authors combined their multidisciplinary clinical experience (in perinatal psychiatry, neuropsychiatry and neuromodulation, and anesthesiology) at three different centers in the USA (Brigham and Women’s Hospital/Harvard Medical School, The University of Chicago, and Brown University) with a careful and critical literature review and propose guidelines for the administration of ECT in pregnancy. A comprehensive review of the relevant literature regarding both ECT and psychotropic medications in pregnancy was performed, including meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials published in general medicine, anesthesiology, psychiatry, and obstetrics journals and guidelines. The indication and appropriateness of ECT in pregnancy must be carefully weighed against the risks of untreated maternal illness and those of alternative treatment options. The safety of ECT in pregnancy has been documented over the last 50 years. The adverse effects in pregnancy are similar to the risks of ECT in any individual. The most common risk to the mother is premature contractions and preterm labor, which occur infrequently and are not clearly caused by ECT. The rates ofmiscarriages were not significantly different from that of the general population. There have been no associations of ECTwith congenital anomalies, either morphologic or behavioral, and no neurocognitive disturbances in the child. ECT is a reasonably safe and effective treatment alternative for management of many psychiatric disorders in pregnant patients. The authors provide recommendations for treatment modifications in pregnancy-based physiologic changes that occur during that period and consolidate them into a protocol that can assist clinicians in improving access and safety of ECT for pregnant patients.
Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces the development of long-term muscle pain$$$ The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is involved in the experience and modulation of pain, and may be an important node linking pain and cognition. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the left DLPFC can reduce chronic and experimental pain. However, whether left DLPFC rTMS can influence the development of chronic pain is unknown. Using repeated intramuscular injection of nerve growth factor to induce the development of sustained muscle pain (lasting weeks), 30 healthy individuals were randomized to receive 5 consecutive daily treatments of active or sham left DLPFC rTMS, starting before the first nerve growth factor injection on day 0. Muscle soreness and pain severity were collected daily for 14 days and disability on every alternate day. Before the first and 1 day after the last rTMS session, anxiety, depression, affect, pain catastrophizing, and cognitive performance on the attention network test were assessed. Left DLPFC rTMS treatment compared with sham was associated with reduced muscle soreness, pain intensity, and painful area (P, 0.05), and a similar trend was observed for disability. These effects were most evident during the days rTMS was applied lasting up to 3 days after intervention. Depression, anxiety, pain catastrophizing, and affect were unchanged. There was a trend toward improved cognitive function with rTMS compared with sham (P 5 0.057). These data indicate that repeated left DLPFC rTMS reduces the pain severity in a model of prolonged muscle pain. The findings may have implications for the development of sustained pain in clinical populations.
The effect of levothyroxine on memory impairment induced by electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar patients: Clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Electric convulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective and fast acting treatment for bipolar disorder particularly in acute cases. Considering the cognitive problems and especially memory deficits after the use of electroconvulsive therapy, some patients refuse to accept it. This study aimed to investigate the effect of levothyroxine on memory impairment induced by electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar patients. Materials and Methods: This study was a clinical trial. The population study included patients with bipolar disorder treated with ECT admitted to 22 Bahman hospital in Qazvin that among them taking into account the criteria for inclusion and exclusion, 26 patients were recruited and randomly were assigned into two groups: placebo and levothyroxine. The study tools included Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) and the Wechsler Memory Scale which before and after the intervention were completed by the subjects. Data were analyzed by paired t-test and independent t. Results: The results showed that in the group who received levothyroxine in the orientation subscale (p<0.002) and the memory total score (p<0.035) in the post-test compared pre-test there was a significant increase. In addition, the comparison of scores between the two groups showed that in the group who received levothyroxine compared with placebo in the orientation subscale (p<0.041) and the memory total score (p<0.036) there was a significant difference. Conclusion: Considering the results of this study, which shows the effectiveness of levothyroxine on total memory performance and orientation of patients with bipolar disorder who has received ECT, this drug can be used during sessions of ECT to prevent the creation of some memory problems in these patients.
The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS) on improvement of mental health and clinical parameters in hemodialysis patients-pilot study$$$ Background: The prevalence of major depressive disorder in patients with ESRD is higher than in diabetes or congestive heart failure. However, it is difficult to prescribe antidepressant treatment because of concern about potential adverse effects in CKD patients. Here, we studied the therapeutic effect of rTMS as a nonpharmacologic treatment in depressed hemodialysis patients. Methods: The patients with more than 5 points in Patient health Questionnair-9 were randomized to rTMS group and sham group. The rTMS group was stimulated on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 20 minutes, three times a week. We collected and analyzed the clinical indices before and after TMS treatment, and also collected data of quantitative electroencephalogram (qEEG), and the results of various psychiatric questionnaires (Beck's depression index-II [BDI-II], Beck's anxiety index [BAI] and SCL-90R-Somatization subscales [SCL-90R-SOM]). Results: In this study, a total of 13 patients were randomized, 7 patients assigned to the sham group and 6 were assigned to the rTMS group. When laboratory findings were compared 1 month after TMS, hemoglobin A1c was significantly improved in rTMS group (8.3‰ to 7.1‰, P=0.046 by pared t-test, P=0.032 by mixed ANOVA). Although there was no statistical significance, serum potassium and intact PTH also showed an improving tendency. The frontal alpha asymmetry (FAA) F4-F3 (P=0.009), and F8-F7 (P=0.027) values in qEEG was significantly improved in the rTMS group than the others. The BDIII score was improved both with sham (24.0 to 18.4, P=0.009) and rTMS group (21.2 to 13.8, P=0.005), the BAI (rTMS: 11.2±6.1 vs. sham: 16.9±13.0; F 6.7, P=0.025) and SCL-90R-SOM scores (rTMS: 20.2±5.4 vs. sham: 22.4±5.6; F 4.9, P=0.048) showed prominent improvement after rTMS. Conclusions: In hemodialysis patients, rTMS may improve depression, anxiety, and somatization symptoms, which may lead to improvements in clinical measures.
Recurrent transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) activity in treatmentresistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: A case report$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a heterogeneous psychiatric disorder characterized by the presence of obsessions and compulsions. Very different varieties can be seen. Treatment is difficult, but recently recurrent transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been tried in therapy. Although rTMS has been approved for depression, it is promising in the treatment of OCD. Here, we present to a 21-year-old patient with OCD for 4 years whom rTMS was administered. Case presentation: A 21-year-old soldier, married, male, offered with symptoms of OCD cleaning obsession, too many hand washing, and long shower. Clomipramine 225 mg/day and risperidone 4 mg/day. The complaints were increasing day by day. His hands developed soap-bound dermatitis and spent 3-4 hours a day in the bathroom. He has suffered from this disease for 4 years and was treated in hospital 3 times. He had history of smoking, alcohol and no drug abuse. His laboratory studies were normal. The patient's Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) score was 30. After the detailed examination, it was decided to apply rTMS to the patient. The patient was informed of the sign. No changes were made to the patient's current drug treatment during rTMS. TMS administered over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex by figure-of-eight coil using the Magstim1 Rapid2 stimulator for 5 daily sessions per week (1500 low-frequency (1 Hz) repetitive pulses in 10 trains (10 s each) with 5 s inter-train interval at 100% of the resting motor threshold) for 4 weeks. After rTMS, the patient's OCD symptoms reduced and his Y-BOCS score was 12. And not repeat again. The effect of rTMS on OCD is not fully known but it is suggested that reducing the increase of neuronal activity may be effective. In OCD treatment, large populations of randomized controlled trials are needed to validate TMS.
Additive effect of tDCS combined with Peripheral Electrical Stimulation to an exercise program in pain control in knee osteoarthritis: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Knee osteoarthritis (OA) has been linked to maladaptive plasticity in the brain, which may contribute to chronic pain. Neuromodulatory approaches, such as Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) and Peripheral Electrical Stimulation (PES), have been used therapeutically to counteract brain maladaptive plasticity. However, it is currently unclear whether these neuromodulatory techniques enhance the benefits of exercise when administered together. Therefore, this protocol aims to investigate whether the addition of tDCS combined or not with PES enhances the effects of a land-based strengthening exercise program in patients with knee OA. Methods: Patients with knee OA (n = 80) will undertake a structured exercise program for five consecutive days. In addition, they will be randomized into four subgroups receiving either active anodal tDCS and sham PES (group 1; n = 20), sham tDCS and active PES (group 2, n = 20), sham tDCS and PES (group 3, n = 20), or active tDCS and PES (group 4, n = 20) for 20 min/day for five consecutive days just prior to commencement of the exercise program. The primary outcomes will be subjective pain intensity (VAS) and related function (WOMAC). Secondary outcomes will include quality of life (SF-36), anxiety and depression symptoms (HAD), self-perception of improvement, pressure pain thresholds over the knee, quadriceps strength, and quadriceps electromyographic activity during maximum knee extension voluntary contraction. We will also investigate cortical excitability using transcranial magnetic stimulation. Outcome measures will be assessed at baseline, 1 month after, before any intervention, after 5 days of intervention, and at 1 month post exercise intervention. Discussion: The motor cortex becomes less responsive in knee OA because of poorly adapted plastic changes, which can impede exercise therapy benefits. Adding tDCS and/or PES may help to counteract those maladaptive plastic changes and improve the benefits of exercises, and the combination of both neuromodulatory techniques must have a higher magnitude of effect. Trial registration: Brazilian Registry on Clinical Trials (ReBEC) - Effects of electrical stimulation over the skull and tight together with exercises for knee OA; protocol number RBR-9D7C7B. Trial registration: ID: RBR-9D7C7B. Registered on 29 February 2016.
The role of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in tourette syndrome: A review and preliminary findings$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique that is being investigated for a variety of neurological and psychiatric conditions. Preliminary evidence suggests that tDCS may be useful in the treatment of Tourette Syndrome (TS). This paper reviews the literature on the use of tDCS in commonly occurring comorbid conditions that are relevant to its proposed use in TS.We describe the protocol for a double-blind, crossover, sham-controlled trial of tDCS (Trial ID: ACTRN12615000592549, registered at www.anzctr.org.au) investigating the efficacy, feasibility, safety, and tolerability of tDCS in patients with TS aged 12 years and over. The intervention consists of cathodal tDCS positioned over the Supplementary Motor Area. Patients receive either sham tDCS for three weeks followed by six weeks of active tDCS (1.4 mA, 18 sessions over six weeks), or six weeks of active sessions followed by three weeks of sham sessions, with follow-up at three and six months. Pilot findings from two patients are presented. There was a reduction in the frequency and intensity of patients’ tics and premonitory urges, as well as evidence of improvements in inhibitory function, over the course of treatment. Larger scale studies are indicated to ascertain the maintenance of symptom improvement over time, as well as the long-term consequences of the repetitions of sessions.
Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as treatment for major depression: study design and methodology of a multicenter triple blind randomized placebo controlled trial (DepressionDC)$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as novel treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) based on clinical pilot studies as well as randomized controlled monocentric trials. The DepressionDC trial is a triple-blind (blinding of rater, operator and patient), randomized, placebo controlled multicenter trial investigating the efficacy and safety of prefrontal tDCS used as additive treatment in MDD patients who have not responded to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). At 5 study sites, 152 patients with MDD receive a 6-weeks treatment with active tDCS (anode F3 and cathode F4, 2 mA intensity, 30 min/day) or sham tDCS add-on to a stable antidepressant medication with an SSRI. Follow-up visits are at 3 and 6 months after the last tDCS session. The primary outcome measure is the change of the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores at week 6 post-randomisation compared to baseline. Secondary endpoints also cover other psychopathological domains, and a comprehensive safety assessment includes measures of cognition. Patients undergo optional investigations comprising genetic testing and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) of structural and functional connectivity. The study uses also an advanced tDCS technology including standard electrode positioning and recording of technical parameters (current, impedance, voltage) in every tDCS session. Aside reporting the study protocol here, we present a novel approach for monitoring technical parameters of tDCS which will allow quality control of stimulation and further analysis of the interaction between technical parameters and clinical outcome. The DepressionDC trial will hopefully answer the important clinical question whether prefrontal tDCS is a safe and effective antidepressant intervention in patients who have not sufficiently responded to SSRIs. Trial registry: ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier NCT0253016.
Electroconvulsive therapy enhances endocannabinoids in the cerebrospinal fluid of patients with major depression: a preliminary prospective study$$$ Despite the lack of clinical data about the role of the endocannabinoid system (ECS) in affective disorders, preclinical work suggests that the ECS is relevant in both with regard to the etiology of depression as well as the mediation of antidepressant effects. We measured the intraindividual levels of the endocannabinoids N-arachidonoylethanolamine (AEA) and 2-arachidonoylglycerol (2-AG) in the cerebrospinal fluid of 12 patients suffering from a major depressive episode before and after the antidepressant treatment by electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). AEA was significantly elevated after ECT as compared to baseline. The AEA increase positively correlated with the number of individually performed ECT sessions. Although the sample size was small and confounders were not rigorously controlled for, our finding corroborates preclinical work and should encourage further exploration of the involvement of the ECS in depressive disorder.
Cognitive remediation for bipolar patients with objective cognitive impairment: a naturalistic study$$$ Background: Many bipolar patients (BP) are affected by cognitive impairments and reduced psychosocial function even after complete remission. In the present naturalistic study, we developed a tailored cognitive remediation program (CR) to evaluate the effect on objective and subjective neuropsychological performance, psychosocial functioning and quality of life. Methods: The CR program used a cognitive training software combined with group sessions to educate cognitive skills. 102 BP were screened by a neuropsychological test battery. Of those, 39 BP showed distinct cognitive impairments and 26 patients of them participated in the CR program for 12 weeks and then were retested. A matched control group consisting of 10 BP was measured at baseline and follow-up after three months (treatment as usual). Results: Within the training group, a significant improvement of cognitive performance after CR was observed in working memory (p = .043), problem solving (p = .031) and divided attention (trend, p = .065). The control group did not improve in any test measure. In addition, we detected a significant reduction of sub-depressive symptoms (p = .011) after the CR program. However, there was no change in psychosocial functioning and quality of life. Subjective cognitive complaints were not associated with objective test performance. Limitations: As we included exclusively BP with objectively assessed neurocognitive deficits, recruitment was difficult and subsequently we had a small sample size and were not able to implement a randomized group design. Conclusions: Our results suggest that BP with objective cognitive impairments could benefit from CR potentially with regard to executive functioning. Furthermore, there is preliminary evidence that CR could have a positive effect on subthreshold residual symptoms. However, to fully identify the possible implications of CR in bipolar disorder, larger randomized-controlled trials are needed in this new field of research.
A Randomized Pilot Study Comparing Ketamine and Methohexital Anesthesia for Electroconvulsive Therapy in Patients with Depression$$$ Objective: This randomized controlled pilot study examines the differences in response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as defined by an improvement of depressive symptoms between ketamine and methohexital as the primary anesthetic agent. Adverse effects and cognitive tolerability were also examined. Methods: Subjects undergoing ECT for unipolar or bipolar depression were randomized to receive ketamine or methohexital as the anesthetic agent. Primary outcome measure includes the Hamilton rating scale for depression (17-item). Secondary outcome measures included the mini-mental status examination and Beck depression inventory. All ratings were conducted masked to anesthetic agent. Because of multiple outcome measures obtained over time, mixed models were used to account for the correlations among the measurements within the subjects. Because outcomes were either normally distributed or approximately normally distributed, general linear mixed models were fit with a random intercept specified. Results: A total of 21 subjects were enrolled, and 16 were randomized (methohexital, n = 8; ketamine, n = 8). The 2 treatment groups did not differ statistically in any demographic characteristic. No statistical difference was found between the ketamine and methohexital groups for an improvement in depressive symptoms (P = 0.6); however, subjects in both groups showed significant improvement in depression over time (ketamine, P < 0.0001; methohexital, P < 0.0001). Mini-mental status examination results did not differ between groups, and fatigue was reported more in subjects receiving ketamine (P = 0.03). Conclusions: The results of this pilot study are inconclusive because they lack power to support an advantage of ketamine anesthesia compared with methohexital in ameliorating depressive symptoms for electroconvulsive therapy.
S -ketamine compared to etomidate during electroconvulsive therapy in major depression$$$ Objective of the study was to compare two commonly used anesthetic drugs, S-ketamine and etomidate, regarding their influence on seizure characteristics, safety aspects, and outcome of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depression. Treatment data of 60 patients who underwent a total number of 13 ECTs (median) because of the severe or treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (DSM-IV) were analyzed. Etomidate, mean dosage (SD) = 0.25 (0.04) mg/kg, was used for anesthesia in 29 participants; 31 patients received S-ketamine, mean dosage (SD) = 0.96 (0.26) mg/kg. Right unilateral brief pulse ECTs were performed. The number of ECTs was individually adjusted to clinical needs, mean (SD) = 13.0 (4.3). Seizure characteristics, adverse events, and the clinical global impression (CGI) scores were compared between the both groups during ECT series. In the S-ketamine group, a lower initial seizure threshold (p = 0.014), stimulation charge (p < 0.001), higher postictal suppression (p < 0.001), EEG ictal amplitude (p = 0.04), EEG coherence (p < 0.001) and maximum heart rate (p = 0.015) were measured. Etomidate was associated with more frequent abortive seizures (p = 0.02) and restimulations (p = 0.01). The CGI scores, the number of sessions within an ECT series, and the incidence of adverse events did not differ between groups. Due to its lower initial seizure threshold, S-ketamine might hold a potential to become a clinically favorable anesthetic agent during ECT. However, the current findings should be interpreted with caution, and further prospective randomized clinical trials are required. Also, specific adverse effects profile of S-ketamine, especially with regard to the cardiovascular risk, needs to be taken into account.
Lithium in the episode and suicide prophylaxis and in augmenting strategies in patients with unipolar depression$$$ Background: Depressive disorders are a leading cause of the global burden of disease and are associated with high recurrent often continuing morbidity and high excess mortality by suicide and cardiovascular disease. Whilst there are established, effective and cost-effective treatments for depression, their long-term management is often neglected: there is continuing controversy over the case of need for long-term treatment including lifelong treatment and safety issues. Objective and methods: In this narrative review, we critically examine the evidence for the effectiveness and safety of lithium salts in the long-term management of unipolar depression. We refer to existing recent international guidelines as well as the scientific literature selectively and against the background of our longstanding experience with patients suffering from unipolar depression who are often under treated or inappropriately treated. Results and discussion: According to many studies mostly dating back to the 1970/1980s, lithium is efficacious in the prophylaxis of unipolar depression particularly depression with melancholia and delusional depression and showing a clearly episodic course. Also the efficacy of lithium maintenance treatment following recovery by ECT has been clearly shown. Moreover, convincing evidence exists that lithium has added value and benefit for its unique anti-suicidal effects as well as reducing mortality by other causes. The anti-suicidal effect has been convincingly demonstrated in bipolar as well as in unipolar patients. Nevertheless its use in the management of patients with unipolar depression has not been properly recognized by a majority of textbooks and guidelines. Whilst it has been well considered as an effective treatment for depression that has not responded to antidepressants as an adjunct treatment, also called augmentation, it has been much less recommended for the prevention of recurrent episodes of unipolar depression. One of the reasons for this neglect is the blurring of the diagnosis “unipolar depression” by modern diagnostic tools. Lithium will hardly work in a patient with “unipolar depression spectrum disease”. Conclusions: We conclude that lithium is an effective prophylactic treatment for carefully selected patients with unipolar depression and is safe when prescribed in recommended doses/plasma lithium levels and with regular, careful monitoring. We propose that lithium prophylaxis can be indicated in patients with unipolar depression and that the occurrence of 2 episodes of depression within 5 years is a practical criterion for starting lithium prophylaxis particularly in severe depression with psychotic features and high suicidal risk. Furthermore, an indication might be considered especially in unipolar patients in whom a bipolar background is suspected. In some cases, lithium prophylaxis may be recommended after a single episode of depression that is severe with high suicidal risk and continued life-long.
A randomized, sham-controlled study of maintenance rTMS for treatment-resistant depression (TRD)$$$ A few open-labeled studies have investigated the use of maintenance rTMS to prevent relapse for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) after rTMS treatment. We aim to assess the benefits of maintenance rTMS treatment for TRD patients who respond to rTMS treatment using a randomized, double-blind controlled design. Fifty eight TRD patients received rTMS over one month in an open-labeled design study (phase I). Responder patients were then randomized into active and sham high-frequency rTMS groups for the subsequent eleven months (phase II). The regularity of sessions was gradually reduced. The antidepressant effect of rTMS was evaluated using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). Intention-to-treat analysis was performed to assess the effectiveness of maintenance sessions. Of the 58 patients included, 35 patients were responders after one month of active rTMS (phase I), and 17 patients were randomized for the maintenance sessions (phase II). The delta HDRS scores demonstrated a significant improvement between the first month and the fourth month in active group in comparison with sham group (phase II). There was no significant difference between these two groups for other periods of time. Repetitive TMS could represent a novel strategy for preventing relapse in TRD patients who respond to rTMS treatment. These results should be confirmed in a larger sample.
Updated Review on the Clinical Use of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Psychiatric Disorders$$$ With the ability to modulate cortical activity, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is becoming increasingly important in clinical applications for psychiatric disorders. Previous studies have demonstrated its promising efficacy in depression and schizophrenia, and emerging evidence has also been found in patients with anxiety disorder, obsessive–compulsive disorder, and substance or food craving. However, the overall literature features some conflicting results, varied quality of studies, and a lack of consensus on optimal rTMS parameters. Besides, the efficacy of rTMS in patients with medication-resistant symptoms has drawn most attention from clinicians. Here we review multi-site studies and double-blind randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in single sites, as well as meta-analyses of RCTs in the last three years, in order to update evidence on efficacy and the optimal protocol of rTMS in psychiatric disorders, especially for medication-resistant symptoms.
Peripheral blood microRNA and VEGFA mRNA changes following electroconvulsive therapy: implications for psychotic depression$$$ Objective: MicroRNAs are short, non-coding molecules that regulate gene expression. Here, we investigate the role of microRNAs in depression and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: We performed three studies: a deep sequencing discovery-phase study of miRNA changes in whole blood following ECT (n = 16), followed by a validation study in a separate cohort of patients pre-/post-ECT (n = 37) and matched healthy controls (n = 34). Changes in an experimentally validated gene target (VEGFA) were then analysed in patients pre-/post-ECT (n = 97) and in matched healthy controls (n = 53). Results: In the discovery-phase study, we found no statistically significant differences in miRNA expression from baseline to end of treatment in the group as a whole, but post hoc analysis indicated a difference in patients with psychotic depression (n = 3). In a follow-up validation study, patients with psychotic depression (n = 7) had elevated baseline levels of miR-126-3p (t = 3.015, P = 0.006) and miR-106a-5p (t = 2.598, P = 0.025) compared to healthy controls. Following ECT, these differences disappeared. Baseline VEGFA levels were significantly higher in depressed patients compared to healthy controls (F(1,144) = 27.688, P = <0.001). Following ECT, there was a significant change in VEGFA levels in the psychotic group only (t = 2.915, P = 0.010). Conclusion: Molecular differences (miRNA and VEGFA) may exist between psychotic and non-psychotic depression treated with ECT.
Treatment of bipolar depression with deep TMS: Results from a double-blind, randomized, parallel group, sham-controlled clinical trial$$$ Bipolar depression (BD) is a highly prevalent condition with limited therapeutic options. Deep (H1-coil) transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) is a novel TMS modality with established efficacy for unipolar depression. We conducted a randomized sham-controlled trial to evaluate the efficacy and safety of dTMS in treatment-resistant BD patients. Patients received 20 sessions of active or sham dTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (H1-coil, 55 18 Hz 2 s 120% MT trains). The primary outcome was changes in the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) from baseline to endpoint (week 4). Secondary outcomes were changes from baseline to the end of the follow-up phase (week 8), and response and remission rates. Safety was assessed using a dTMS adverse effects questionnaire and the Young Mania Rating Scale to assess treatment-emergent mania switch (TEMS). Out of 50 patients, 43 finished the trial. There were 2 and 5 dropouts in the sham and active groups, respectively. Active dTMS was superior to sham at end point (difference favoring dTMS=4.88; 95% CI 0.43 to 9.32, p=0.03) but not at follow-up. There was also a trend for greater response rates in the active (48%) vs sham (24%) groups (OR=2.92; 95% CI=0.87 to 9.78, p=0.08). Remission rates were not statistically different. No TEMS episodes were observed. Deep TMS is a potentially effective and well-tolerated add-on therapy in resistant bipolar depressed patients receiving adequate pharmacotherapy.
The Effects of Remifentanil on Hemodynamic Response Attenuation after Electroconvulsive Therapy under Sevoflurane Anesthesia$$$ Purpose: We evaluated the effects of a single loading dose of remifentanil (1 μg/kg) administered as an adjunct to sevoflurane, on the duration of seizure activity, recovery times, and hemodynamic profiles, during electroconvulsive therapy. Methods: The patients were randomly allocated to receive sevoflurane-saline (Group SS) or sevoflurane-remifentanil (Group SR). Sevoflurane (8%) was initiated for anesthesia induction in both groups until loss of consciousness was achieved. Remifentanil was then administered to Group SR via a 1-μg/kg intravenous bolus. Patients in Group SS received saline in the same manner. Mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate (HR) were recorded before anesthetic induction (T1), at the loss of consciousness (T2), and at 0, 1, 3, and 10 minutes after the electrical stimuli were completed (T3, T4, T5, and T6, respectively). Results: Compared with the baseline values, HR increased significantly in Group SS at times T2 and T4 to T6 and decreased significantly in Group SR at time T2. When the groups were compared, we found that HR decreased significantly in Group SR at T2 and T4 to T6. Compared with baseline, MAP increased in Group SS between T3 and T6, and MAP decreased in Group SR at T2 and increased at T3 to T4. Mean arterial pressure decreased to a greater extent in Group SR than in Group SS during the T2 to T6 period. There were no group differences in seizure duration or recovery time. Conclusions: The addition of 1-μg/kg remifentanil to anesthetic induction with sevoflurane attenuated the acute hemodynamic response to electroconvulsive therapy under sevoflurane anesthesia without adversely affecting the duration of seizure activity or the recovery profile.
PTSD psychotherapy outcome predicted by brain activation during emotional reactivity and regulation$$$ Objective: Exposure therapy is an effective treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), but many patients do not respond. Brain functions governing treatment outcome are not well characterized. The authors examined brain systems relevant to emotional reactivity and regulation, constructs that are thought to be central to PTSD and exposure therapy effects, to identify the functional traits of individuals most likely to benefit from treatment. Method: Individuals with PTSD underwent functional MRI (fMRI) while completing three tasks assessing emotional reactivity and regulation. Participants were then randomly assigned to immediate prolonged exposure treatment (N=36) or a waiting list condition (N=30). A random subset of the prolonged exposure group (N=17) underwent single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) concurrent with fMRI to examine whether predictive activation patterns reflect causal influence within circuits. Linear mixed-effects modeling in line with the intent-totreat principle was used to examine how baseline brain function moderated the effect of treatment on PTSD symptoms. Results: At baseline, individuals with larger treatmentrelated symptom reductions (compared with the waiting list condition) demonstrated 1) greater dorsal prefrontal activation and 2) less left amygdala activation, both during emotion reactivity; 3) better inhibition of the left amygdala induced bysingle TMS pulses to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; and 4) greater ventromedial prefrontal/ventral striatal activation during emotional conflict regulation. Reappraisal-related activation was not a significant moderator of the treatment effect. Conclusions: Capacity to benefit from prolonged exposure in PTSD is gated by the degree to which prefrontal resources are spontaneously engaged when superficially processing threat and adaptively mitigating emotional interference, but notwhen deliberately reducing negative emotionality.
Selective effects of psychotherapy on frontopolar cortical function in PTSD$$$ Objective: Exposure therapy is an effective treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), but a comprehensive, emotion-focused perspective on how psychotherapy affects brain function is lacking. The authors assessed changes in brain function after prolonged exposure therapy across three emotional reactivity and regulation paradigms. Method: Individuals with PTSD underwent functional MRI (fMRI) at rest and while completing three tasks assessing emotional reactivity and regulation. Individuals were then randomly assigned to immediate prolonged exposure treatment (N=36) or awaiting list condition (N=30) and underwent a second scan approximately 4 weeks after the last treatment session or a comparable waiting period, respectively. Results: Treatment-specific changes were observed only during cognitive reappraisal of negative images. Psychotherapy increased lateral frontopolar cortex activity and connectivity with the ventromedial prefrontal cortex/ventral striatum. Greater increases in frontopolar activation were associated with improvement in hyperarousal symptoms and psychological well-being. The frontopolar cortex also displayeda greater variety of temporal resting-state signal pattern changes after treatment. Concurrent transcranial magnetic stimulation and fMRI in healthy participants demonstrated that the lateral frontopolar cortex exerts downstream influence on the ventromedial prefrontal cortex/ventral striatum. Conclusions: Changes in frontopolar function during deliberate regulation of negative affect is one key mechanism of adaptive psychotherapeutic change in PTSD. Given that frontopolar connectivity with ventromedial regions during emotion regulation is enhanced by psychotherapy and that the frontopolar cortex exerts downstream influence on ventromedial regions in healthy individuals, these findings inform a novel conceptualization of how psychotherapy works, and they identify a promising target for stimulation-based therapeutics.
Inter and intra-hemispheric structural imaging markers predict depression relapse after electroconvulsive therapy: A multisite study$$$ Relapse of depression following treatment is high. Biomarkers predictive of an individual's relapse risk could provide earlier opportunities for prevention. Since electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) elicits robust and rapidly acting antidepressant effects, but has a >50% relapse rate, ECT presents a valuable model for determining predictors of relapse-risk. Although previous studies have associated ECT-induced changes in brain morphometry with clinical response, longer-term outcomes have not been addressed. Using structural imaging data from 42 ECT-responsive patients obtained prior to and directly following an ECT treatment index series at two independent sites (UCLA: n = 17, age = 45.41±12.34 years; UNM: n = 25; age = 65.00±8.44), here we test relapse prediction within 6-months post-ECT. Random forests were used to predict subsequent relapse using singular and ratios of intra and inter-hemispheric structural imaging measures and clinical variables from pre-, post-, and pre-to-post ECT. Relapse risk was determined as a function of feature variation. Relapse was well-predicted both within site and when cohorts were pooled where top-performing models yielded balanced accuracies of 71-78%. Top predictors included cingulate isthmus asymmetry, pallidal asymmetry, the ratio of the paracentral to precentral cortical thickness and the ratio of lateral occipital to pericalcarine cortical thickness. Pooling cohorts and predicting relapse from post-treatment measures provided the best classification performances. However, classifiers trained on each age-disparate cohort were less informative for prediction in the held-out cohort. Post-treatment structural neuroimaging measures and the ratios of connected regions commonly implicated in depression pathophysiology are informative of relapse risk. Structural imaging measures may have utility for devising more personalized preventative medicine approaches.
Clustered repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the prevention of depressive relapse/recurrence: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may have the potential to prevent depressive relapse. This assessor-blinded, randomized controlled study was designed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of rTMS as a mono- and combination therapy in the prevention of depressive relapse/recurrence. A total of 281 depressed patients who had achieved stable full or partial remission on a 6-month antidepressant (ADP) run-in treatment were randomly assigned to an rTMS (n = 91), ADP (n = 108), or combined (rTMS + ADP, n = 82) treatment group for 12 months. Monthly clustered rTMS was conducted in 5-10 sessions over a 3-5-day period. Maintenance outcomes were assessed using time to relapse/recurrence and relapse/recurrence rate. Overall, 71.2% (200/281) of the participants completed the treatment per the protocol. rTMS + ADP and rTMS significantly reduced the risk of relapse/recurrence compared with ADP (P = 0.000), with hazard ratios of 0.297 and 0.466, respectively. Both rTMS-containing regimens produced significantly lower relapse/recurrence rates than ADP (15.9% and 24.2% vs. 44.4%, P < 0.001). In the relapsed/recurrent subgroup, first-episode depressed, rTMS-treated patients had a markedly lower relapse/recurrence rate than ADP-treated patients. Five patients on the ADP-containing regimens, but none on rTMS alone, developed acute mania. The rTMS-containing regimens had considerably more certain side effects than did the ADP group. We concluded that TMS, whether as a mono- or additional therapy, is superior to antidepressants in preventing depressive relapse/recurrence, particularly in first-episode depressed patients. The treatment does not increase the risk of manic switch, but may increase the risk of certain side effects.
Effects of morphine on the phenotypic causes of obstructive sleep apnea$$$ Introduction: Opioids are commonly used for pain management including acutely in the post-operative setting. Accidental deaths by non-illicit opioids have increased substantially in recent years. Deaths nearly always occur during sleep due to respiratory failure. Thus, people with sleep apnea may be at greater risk. There are 4 key causes of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). A highly collapsible upper airway, poor upper airway muscle responsiveness during sleep, a low respiratory arousal threshold and unstable ventilatory control (high loop gain). Concerns are that opioids such as morphine may worsen OSA severity via respiratory depression and central reductions in neural drive to the upper airway dilator muscles. However, the effects of morphine on the key phenotypic causes of OSA have not been investigated. Accordingly, given the increasing rates of use and potential for harm, the aim of this study was to evaluate the effects of morphine on the 4 key causes of OSA. Materials and methods: Twenty-one overweight OSA (mean AHI=23±17; range=7-67 events/h sleep) males, were studied on 2 separate nights according to a randomised, double-blind, cross-over design (ACTRN12613000858796). On one occasion patients received 40 mg of MS Contin at ~5 pm prior to sleep and on the other placebo (1 week wash-out between visits). During non-REMsleep transient reductions in CPAP (up to 3 mins) were delivered to induce inspiratory airway limitation/closure to allow for quantification of the 4 key phenotypic traits that cause OSA (i.e. upper airway collapsibility [Pcrit], genioglossus muscle responsiveness, respiratory arousal threshold and loop gain) at each visit. In addition, CO2 was administered via nasal mask during therapeutic CPAP to achieve 5 and 7.5 mmHg increases in end-tidal CO2 from baseline to allow for quantification of hypercapnic ventilatory responses during stable non-REM sleep. Results: Compared to placebo, 40 mg of morphine did not change upper airway collapsibility as measured by Pcrit (-0.1±2.4 vs. -0.4±2.2 cmH2O, p=0.58), genioglossus muscle responsiveness (-2.2 [-5.4 to -0.87] vs. -1.2 [-3.5 to -0.3] microV/cmH2O increase in negative pharyngeal pressure, p=0.22), or arousal threshold (-16.7±6.8 vs. -15.4±6.0 cmH2O, p=0.41), but did reduce loop gain (-10.1±2.6 vs. -4.4±2.1 dimensionless, p=0.04). Ventilatory and genioglossus muscle responses to elevated CO2 were also diminished with morphine. Conclusion: Consistent with recent clinical findings in which acute doses of 30 and 40 mg of morphine do not systematically worsen OSA severity, 40 mg of morphine did not change upper airway collapsibility, genioglossus muscle responsiveness to airway narrowing, or the respiratory arousal threshold in patients with predominately moderately severe OSA. However, in accordance with blunted chemosensitivity, 40 mg of morphine did reduce loop gain and hypercapnic ventilatory responses during sleep. These properties may have paradoxical effects in OSA reducing unstable respiratory control in patients with high loop gain but potentially decreasing breathing and worsening blood gas disturbances in others. Identification of the physiological characteristics of patients most at risk of harm with opioids remains a priority. The effects of higher doses, long-term use, and responses in severe OSA patients require further investigation.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with venlafaxine for major depressive disorder with comorbid anxiety and insomnia: A controlled polysomnographic and diffusion MRI study$$$ Introduction: Major depressive disorder (MDD) often co-occurs with anxiety and insomnia. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be particularly beneficial in treating depression with the comorbid symptoms. This study aimed to determine whether rTMS combined with venlafaxine, a dual serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor, could enhance the clinical efficacy and improve polysomnographic (PSG) and fractional anisotropy (FA), a measure of white matter integrity of the brain in depressed patients with comorbid anxiety and insomnia. Materials and methods: In this single-blind, randomized, shamcontrolled trial, 19 patients with MDD and significant comorbid anxiety and insomnia were received a total of 20 sessions of sham (n = 8) or active high-frequency rTMS (n = 11) combined with venlafaxine for 8 weeks. The severity of depression, anxiety and insomnia was measured over time. Polysomnography (PSG) and FA values were evaluated at baseline and endpoint. Results: Active rTMS-treated patients displayed significantly greater improvement not only on depression at endpoint, but also on anxiety and insomnia over time compared to sham rTMS-treated patients. Active rTMS markedly increased total sleep time, time spent in rapid eye movement (REM) stage and fractional anisotropy (FA) in the right anterior cingulate gyrus, bilateral medial frontal gyri and right inferior occipital gyrus. Time spent in REM was negatively correlated with the severity of depression and anxiety. Conclusions: While additional rTMS enhances antidepressant efficacy, it also robustly reduces comorbid anxiety and insomnia. The multiple psychotherapeutic effects of rTMS may be associated with the improvement on microstructural abnormalities of the frontocingulate system (clinicaltrials. gov, NCT01370304).
Interventions for management of post-stroke depression: A Bayesian network meta-analysis of 23 randomized controlled trials$$$ Post-stroke depression (PSD) is an important complication of stroke, leading to increased disability and mortality. Given that there is no consensus on which treatment is optimal for PSD, we aimed to evaluate the relative efficacies of available pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions. We conducted a network meta-analysis to incorporate evidence from relevant trials and provide direct and indirect comparisons. We searched PubMed, Cochrane Library Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Embase until November 1, 2016 for randomized controlled trials involving different pharmacological and non-pharmacological PSD treatment interventions. The primary outcome was reduction in the Hamilton depression scale (HAMD) score. This study is registered with PROSPERO (number, CRD42016049049). Of a total of 1,152 studies, 23 randomized trials comprising 1,542 participants were included. Nine PSD treatment interventions were considered. Noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor (NRI) was associated with the highest reduction in the HAMD score, followed by tricyclic antidepressant (TCA), psychotherapy plus antidepressant, and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI). This study indicated that NRIs, SSRIs, and TCAs are associated with a considerable higher HAMD score reduction compared with the control treatment. rTMS is a beneficial therapeutic approach for managing PSD to obtain good response to treatments compared with the control treatment.
Successful treatment of severe Tardive Dyskinesia with Valbenazine, including a patient’s perspective$$$ Objective: Unusual clinical course Background: Tardive dyskinesia (TD) is a chronic involuntary movement disorder frequently induced by dopamine receptor blockers, particularly first-generation antipsychotics. Until recently, management of TD was restricted to lowering the dose of the current medication, switching to another medication, or using off-label treatments with insufficient evidence of efficacy. Valbenazine, a vesicular monoamine transporter-2 (VMAT2) inhibitor, became the first drug to be approved by the FDA specifically for the treatment of TD. Case Report: We describe the case of a 49-year-old African-American woman who was diagnosed with bipolar disorder at the age of 34 and treated with lithium carbonate (900 mg daily) and citalopram (10 mg daily). She also received low doses of second-generation antipsychotics for weeks at a time, but these were always discontinued due to severe sedation. Over a decade later, at the age of 45, she experienced rapid onset of severe TD symptoms. She enrolled in a phase III double-blind clinical trial and received valbenazine 80 mg, with encouraging results. Conclusions: Once-daily dosing of valbenazine (80 mg) was effective and safe over a long period, even in this atypical case of severe and rapid-onset TD.
Effects of high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation on functional performance in individuals with incomplete spinal cord injury: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been investigated as a new tool in neurological rehabilitation of individuals with spinal cord injury (SCI). However, due to the inconsistent results regarding the effects of rTMS in people with SCI, a randomized controlled double-blind crossover trial is needed to clarify the clinical utility and to assess the effect size of rTMS intervention in this population. Therefore, this paper describes a study protocol designed to investigate whether the use of rTMS can improve the motor and sensory function, as well as reduce spasticity in patients with incomplete SCI. Methods: A double-blind randomized sham-controlled crossover trial will be performed by enrolling 20 individuals with incomplete SCI. Patients who are at least six months post incomplete SCI (aged 18-60 years) will be recruited through referral by medical practitioners or therapists. Individuals will be randomly assigned to either group 1 or group 2 in a 1:1 ratio, with ten individuals in each group. The rTMS protocol will include ten sessions of high-frequency rTMS (5 Hz) over the bilateral lower-limb motor area positioned at the vertex (Cz). Clinical evaluations will be performed at baseline and after rTMS active and sham. Discussion: rTMS has produced positive results in treating individuals with physical impairments; thus, it might be promising in the SCI population. The results of this study may provide new insights to motor rehabilitation thereby contributing towards the better usage of rTMS in the SCI population. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02899637. Registered on 25 August 2016.
Cognitive enhancing effects of rTMS administered to the prefrontal cortex in patients with depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of individual task effects$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an approved therapeutic treatment of major depressive disorder and has increasing clinical use throughout the world. However, it remains unclear whether an rTMS course for depression may also produce cognitive enhancement. In a recent meta-analysis of sham-controlled randomized controlled studies (RCTs) conducted in patients with neuropsychiatric conditions, no evidence was found for generalized cognitive enhancing effects across cognitive domains with active compared to sham rTMS. Notwithstanding, there remains the possibility of cognitive effects following an rTMS course that are more highly specific, for example, in specific clinical conditions, or at the individual task level. This study aimed to determine whether a therapeutic rTMS course in patients with depression is associated with cognitive enhancing effects at the task level. Methods: A systematic review and meta-analysis of outcomes on individual neuropsychological tasks from sham-controlled RCTs where an rTMS course was administered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in patients with depression. Results: Eighteen studies met the inclusion criteria. Active rTMS treatment showed no specific enhancing effects on the majority of cognitive tasks. Modest effect size improvements with active compared to sham rTMS treatment were found for performance on the Trail Making Test Parts A (g = 0.28, 95% CI = 0.06–0.50) and B (g = 0.26, 95% CI = 0.06–0.47). Conclusion: A therapeutic rTMS course administered to the prefrontal cortex for depression may produce modest cognitive enhancing effects specific to psychomotor speed, visual scanning, and set-shifting ability.
Feasibility, safety, and preliminary efficacy of Low Amplitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST): A proof of concept clinical trial in Man$$$ Background Current pulse amplitude used in clinical ECT may be higher than needed. Reducing pulse amplitude may improve focality of the electric field and thus cognitive adverse effects. Here we examine the feasibility, safety, and whether Low Pulse Amplitude Seizure Therapy (LAP-ST, 0.5–0.6 A) minimizes cognitive adverse effects while retaining efficacy. Methods Patients with treatment-resistant primary mood (depressive episodes) or psychotic disorders who were clinically indicated to undergo ECT were offered to be enrolled in an open-label study. The study consisted of a full acute course of LAP-ST under standard anesthesia and muscle relaxation. The primary outcome was feasibility of seizure induction. Clinical outcome measures were: time to reorientation (TRO), Mini Mental State Examination, Montgomery Aberg Depression Scale, and Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale, and Clinical Global Impression Scale. Results Twenty-two patients consented for enrollment in the study. LAP-ST was feasible, and all patients had seizures in the first session. Participants had a quick orientation with median TRO of 4.5 min. Treatment was efficacious for both depressive and psychotic symptoms. Limitations Relatively small sample size, non-blinded, and no randomization was performed in this initial proof of concept study. Conclusions This first human preliminary data of a full course of focal LAP-ST demonstrates that seizure induction is feasible. These results, although preliminary, suggest that the LAP-ST compared to the standard ECT techniques may result in less cognitive side effects, but comparable efficacy. Larger studies are needed to replicate these findings.
1-Hz rTMS in the treatment of tinnitus: A sham-controlled, randomized multicenter trial$$$ Background Chronic tinnitus is a frequent, difficult to treat disease with high morbidity. Objective This multicenter randomized, sham-controlled trial investigated the efficacy and safety of 1-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the left temporal cortex in patients with chronic tinnitus. Methods Tinnitus patients were randomized to receive 10 sessions of either real or sham 1-Hz-rTMS (2000 stimuli, 110% motor threshold) to the left temporal cortex. The primary outcome was the change in the sum score of the tinnitus questionnaire (TQ) of Goebel and Hiller from baseline to end of treatment. Results A total of 163 patients were enrolled in the study (real rTMS: 75; sham rTMS: 78). At day 12, the baseline mean of 43.1 TQ points in 71 patients assigned to real rTMS changed by −0.5 points; it changed by 0.5 points from a baseline of 42.1 in 75 patients randomized to sham rTMS (adjusted mean difference between groups: −1.0; 95.19% confidence interval: −3.2 to 1.2; p = 0.36). All secondary outcome measures including measures of depression and quality of life showed no significant differences either (p > 0.11). The number of participants with side-effects or adverse events did not differ between groups. Conclusion Real 1-Hz-rTMS over the left temporal cortex was well tolerated but not superior compared with sham rTMS in improving tinnitus severity. These findings are in contrast to results from studies with smaller sample sizes and put the efficacy of this rTMS protocol for treatment of chronic tinnitus into question. Trial Registration Controlled Trials: http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN89848288.
Efficacy of deep rTMS for neuropathic pain in the lower limb: A randomized, double-blind crossover trial of an H-coil and figure-8 coil$$$ OBJECTIVE Electrical motor cortex stimulation can relieve neuropathic pain (NP), but its use requires patients to undergo an invasive procedure. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary motor cortex (M1) using a figure-8 coil can relieve NP noninvasively, but its ability to relieve lower limb pain is still limited. Deep rTMS using an H-coil can effectively stimulate deep brain regions and has been widely used for the treatment of various neurological diseases; however, there have been no clinical studies comparing the effectiveness of figure-8 coils and H-coils. This study assessed the clinical effectiveness of 5 once-daily stimulations with H-coils and figure-8 coils in patients with NP. METHODS This randomized, double-blind, 3-way crossover trial examined 18 patients with NP who sequentially received 3 types of stimulations in the M1 for 5 consecutive days; each 5-day stimulation period was followed by a 17-day follow-up period before crossing over to the next type of stimulation. During each rTMS session, patients received a 5-Hz rTMS to the M1 region corresponding to the painful lower limb. The visual analog scale (VAS) and the Japanese version of the short-form McGill Pain Questionnaire 2 (SF-MPQ2-J) were used to measure pain intensity. The primary outcome was VAS score reduction immediately after and 1 hour after intervention. RESULTS Both the VAS and SF-MPQ2-J showed significant pain improvement immediately after deep rTMS with an H-coil as compared with the sham group (p < 0.001 and p = 0.049, respectively). However, neither outcome measure showed significant pain improvement when using a figure-8 coil. The VAS also showed significant pain improvement 1 hour after deep rTMS with an H-coil (p = 0.004) but not 1 hour after rTMS using a figure-8 coil. None of the patients exhibited any serious adverse events. CONCLUSIONS The current findings suggest that the use of deep rTMS with an H-coil in the lower limb region of the M1 in patients with NP was tolerable and could provide significant short-term pain relief.
Antipsychotic augmentation for major depressive disorder: A review of clinical practice guidelines$$$ Clinical Practice Guidelines (CPGs) are seen as the gold standard of evidence-based care. Because of their influence, these guidelines can have profound legal and economic effects. Despite their proliferation and influence, the trustworthiness and quality of guidelines have been seriously questioned and they have been implicated as drivers of overtreatment. In the U.S, augmentation with second generation antipsychotics (SGAs) is becoming an increasingly common strategy for treating major depressive disorder (MDD) when initial antidepressant treatment does not result in remission of symptoms. However, there is debate about the evidence for augmentation and whether this strategy is a form of overtreatment. We conducted a systematic search to identify treatment guidelines for MDD. Fourteen international guidelines met inclusion criteria and we reviewed them to determine: 1) if augmentation with SGAs was recommended for patients who did not respond to antidepressant medication; 2) what evidence was cited for the recommendation for or against augmentation; 3) the extent to which the guidelines addressed risk/benefit concerns when making their recommendations. There was significant variation among the CPGs regarding the recommendation to augment with antipsychotic medication for Major Depressive Disorder. Seven guidelines explicitly recommended augmentation with antipsychotics; 1 guideline reviewed the evidence but neither recommended for nor against; 1 guideline did not make a clear recommendation; 2 guidelines explicitly recommended against augmentation; and 3 guidelines did not address augmentation with antipsychotics as a potential treatment strategy. There was wide variation in terms of attention to risk/benefit issues and to the conditions under which augmentation should be considered. The results are discussed in terms of the implications for risk management and informed consent practices.
Safety and efficacy of theta-burst stimulation in the treatment of psychiatric disorders: A review of the literature$$$ Theta-burst stimulation (TBS) is a form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and is thought to induce more rapid and longer-lasting effects on synaptic plasticity than conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation protocols. TBS is being used as an investigational and more recently as a therapeutic tool. The purpose of this review is to describe and discuss the studies that have evaluated the safety and efficacy of this technique in the treatment of various psychiatric disorders such as depression, schizophrenia, obsessive-compulsive disorder, Tourette's disorder, nicotine and cocaine addiction, and pathological gambling. Studies have reported mild adverse effects but no cases of seizures or mania. Despite the fact that studies were heterogeneous in terms of design and results, some of them are promising mostly for treatment-resistant depression and auditory hallucinations. Future well-designed sham-controlled studies are needed to confirm the long-term safety and efficacy of TBS in the treatment of such conditions.
An open label, non-randomized update suggests focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST) may have a reduced time to re-orientation compared to right unilateral ultra-brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (UBP-RUL ECT)$$$ Background: Focal Electrically Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST), is a novel form of Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), designed to restrict the focus of the electrical stimulus to the frontal lobe, thereby reducing electrical stimulus elsewhere in the brain. Recent small open label studies have suggested that FEAST's enhanced focality may confer a reduced cognitive side effect burden (1, 2). To date there has been no work directly comparing FEAST, to other forms of conventional ECT. We subsequently continued the development of this novel form of ECT by comparing FEAST's effects to those of Right Unilateral Ultra-Brief Pulse (UBP-RUL), which has previously been shown to have the most favorable profile of cognitive side effects. Methods: In a non-randomized, open label fashion, 23 depressed adults were recruited after being referred for ECT at MUSC, or AU. Sixteen received a course of FEAST (11 women; 2 bipolar disorder; age 44.7 13.8), and 7 received a course of UBP-RUL (5 women; 2 bipolar disorder; age 41.4 15.3). Both forms of ECT were delivered using a MECTA spECTrum 5000Q device (modified in the case of FEAST). Clinical and cognitive assessments were obtained at baseline, and end of the treatment course. The time to orientation recovery, a predictor of amnestic effects, was assessed at each treatment and served as our primary marker of cognitive side effect burden. Efficacy was assessed using the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24). Results: Those participants receiving FEAST, had a numeric reduction in median time to reorientation of 5.4 5.0 minutes (from eyes open until 4/5 orientation), as compared to those participants receiving UBP-RUL, which were oriented in 8.5 8 minutes (p= 0.3, t-test). There was a numeric advantage for both average reduction in HRSD24 (average reduction: FEAST= 58 18.5%; UBP-RUL = 69 16.9%; p =0.18, t-test), and rate of response (50% reduction in HRSD24) in favor of UBP-RUL compared to FEAST (FEAST = 62%; UBPRUL= 85%). Conclusions: This data further supports the hypothesis that treatment with FEAST may have a milder cognitive side effect profile as compared to conventional ECT (UBP-RUL). While FEAST displays a marked antidepressant effect, it continues to remain unclear if it is as efficacious as UBPRUL. Further study, specifically using randomized, blinded methodology, are needed to make definitive conclusions regarding both the clinical efficacy, and the cognitive side effect burden of FEAST as compared to UBP-RUL.
Longitudinal neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy and pharmacotherapy in geriatric major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder is a chronic neuropsychiatric disease that results in significant morbidity and mortality. The rate of MDD in elderly adults has been steadily increasing and there are limited antidepressant options to achieve and sustain efficacy. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective antidepressant treatment for MDD, particularly in elderly adults. ECT has been found to result in transient neurocognitive adverse effects, but relatively newer ECT parameters such as right unilateral (RUL) electrode configuration and ultrabrief pulse width (UB) help to minimize the impact on cognitive function. To date, there is limited longitudinal information regarding the neurocognitive outcomes of RUL-UB ECT in combination with pharmacotherapy particularly in geriatric depression. Thus, the purpose of this study was to determine the neurocognitive effects of a continuation course of right RULUB ECT, with administration based on presenting depressive symptoms, and combined with medications (venlafaxine and lithium) in elderly adults with MDD. Methods: The Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study was a multicenter, randomized study of an individualized continuation ECT schedule combined with pharmacotherapy to enhance long-term outcomes in elderly adults with MDD. The study had two phases. In Phase 1, patients received acute ECT 3x weekly combined with venlafaxine. In Phase 2, those who remitted in Phase 1 were randomized to receive pharmacotherapy (venlafaxine and lithium) alone or the combined modalities (pharmacotherapy and continuation ECT). ECT parameters were standardized as: RUL electrode placement using a Somatics Thymatron System IV with an ultrabrief pulse width of 0.25ms and current of 0.89Amps or a MECTA SPECTRUM device with an ultrabrief pulse width of 0.3ms and current of 0.8Amps. Elderly adults (age>60) with MDD, based on semi-structured diagnostic interviews, were enrolled in the study. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. Specific neurocognitive instruments included the Autobiographical Memory Interview-Short Form (AMI-SF), California Verbal Learning and Memory Test-II (CVLT-II), Delis-Kaplan Executive Function System Verbal Fluency Test, Dementia Rating Scale-2nd Edition Initiation Perseveration Index, Stroop Color and Word Test, and the Trail Making Test. In Phase 2, the all neurocognitive measures were administered at baseline and at the 3 and 6-month follow up time points, while the CVLT-II and AMI-SF were administered every 4 weeks. The intention-to-treat (ITT) sample was used for primary neurocognitive outcome analyses. A mixed effect model (MEM) approach compared the longitudinal neurocognitive scores over the 6-month treatment period. The neurocognitive variables were used separately as the dependent variable with treatment condition, time, and timeXtreatment interaction as primary fixed independent variables. Covariates were included as needed. Random subject effects were incorporated using random intercepts and slopes. A difference in trajectories (rate of change) of neurocognitive variables over the full-time period for STABLE vs PHARM was indicated by a significant timeXtreatment interaction term in the MEM. The final time point (6-months) represented the cumulative effect of treatment on neurocognitive function and was considered the primary analysis time point. Effect sizes for neurocognitive scores were determined from the MEM as differences in adjusted least squares means, with corresponding 95% confidence intervals, at study end (6-months). All statistical tests were two-tailed with alpha = 0.05. Results: There were no significant differences between the two treatment groups with regard to outcome at the 6-month time point on neuropsychological measures of psychomotor (p= 0.90) or verbal (p= 0.31) processing speed, autobiographical memory consistency (p= 0.85), short-term (p =0.83) and long-term (p =0.51) verbal recall of learned words, phonemic fluency (p= 0.54), inhibition (p= 0.84), and complex visual scanning and cognitive flexibility (p= 0.28). Within each treatment group, with the exception of processing speed, there was statistically significant and qualitative improvement across most neuropsychological measures (p-values range from 0.02 to <0.0001). Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first study to characterize the neurocognitive outcomes over a 6-month time period of depressive-symptom dose titrated RUL-UB ECT combined with pharmacotherapy, relative to pharmacotherapy alone in elderly adults with MDD. The study found no difference in neurocognitive outcome between ECT plus pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone over the 6-month continuation phase. These findings are consistent with our prior research and provide new evidence for the safety of RUL-UB ECT parameters in combination with psychotropic medications. Interestingly, within each treatment condition, patients on average showed significant improvement in most neurocognitive functions, except processing speed. This substantiates prior research that suggested decreased processing speed is a trait marker of MDD. Future research is warranted to confirm the neurocognitive effects of combined ECT and pharmacotherapy over longer periods of time, their association with other outcomes, and elucidate underlying neural mechanisms.
Modulation of oscillatory synchrony as a biomarker for treatment outcome in major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Theories of antidepressant treatment mechanism of action traditionally have focused on the level of cellto- cell interaction and synaptic neurotransmission. Recent evidence suggests that modulation of synchronized electrical activity in neuronal networks is a common effect of antidepressant treatments, including medications as well as neuromodulatory treatments such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Research suggests that oscillatory synchrony may help mediate neuroplastic changes related to medication and neuromodulatory treatment for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). Methods: In a series of experiments, high-density quantitative electroencephalography (qEEG) was used to monitor 240 subjects with MDD undergoing several different treatments: the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) antidepressant escitalopram; high-frequency (10 Hz) rTMS administered to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; intravenous ketamine; and placebo. Shifts in oscillatory synchrony in the delta-theta (2.5-8 Hz), alpha (8-12 Hz), and beta (12- 20 Hz) bands were examined before and after treatment, and in the case of rTMS and ketamine, continuously during treatment administration. Changes in functional connectivity among brain regions were examined using phase coherence. Results: Subjects in all active treatment conditions showed shifts in oscillatory synchrony and functional connectivity that were related to the degree of clinical improvement. In the case of escitalopram, these changes were evident within one week of the start of treatment, whereas in the case of rTMS and ketamine, these changes were seen during acute treatment administration. qEEG changes preceded change in depressive symptoms and were not seen in placebo remitters. Changes consisted of a shift in synchrony from the lower frequency delta-theta to the alpha band, as well as decreased functional connectivity. Shifts were most consistent in the frontopolar region. Biomarker-guided treatment changes were prospectively tested in subgroups of subjects treated with escitalopram or rTMS, and were found to lead to improved outcome. Conclusions: These findings indicate that shifts in oscillatory synchrony may constitute a specific biomarker for outcome that are common across several active treatment modalities for MDD, but not placebo. The prospective testing of biomarkers suggest that they may be used to guide treatment decisions and enhance outcomes of antidepressant treatment.
Does ketamine anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy offer efficacy advantages over standard methohexital anesthesia? a randomized pilot study$$$ Background: Ketamine is an anesthetic medication which, when administered intravenously in sub-anesthetic doses (0.3-0.5mg/kg), was shown to have rapid antidepressant effects in patients with major depression. Because of its minimal antiepileptic properties and short half-life, ketamine has been used as an anesthetic agent during Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT). It is used mostly when it is difficult to elicit an adequate seizure with the most commonly used anesthetic agent, methohexital. The antidepressant effects of the anesthetic doses of ketamine (1.0- 1.5mg/kg) have not been investigated in humans. We sought to examine whether the use of ketamine as an anesthetic during ECT for depression offers efficacy advantages over the commonly used methohexital anesthesia. Methods: Patients undergoing ECT for an episode of unipolar or bipolar depression without psychotic features were randomly assigned to receive general anesthesia either with i.v. ketamine (1.0-1.5 mg/kg) or i.v. methohexital (0.5- 1.0/kg). Inclusion criteria were diagnosis of major depressive episode, age 18-65, and a Hamilton rating scale for depression HRSD-24 > 21. Patients with current or past history of any psychotic disorder, substance abuse, neurological and cognitive disorders were excluded. DSM-IV diagnosis was established by a SCID interview. Raters were masked to anesthetic medication assignment. ECT was administered with bilateral placement with seizure threshold (ST) determination at the first session and at 1.5x ST at the following treatments. Primary outcome measure was number of treatments to respond, with response defined as HRSD < 10. Patients who received fewer than 10 ECT without meeting response criteria were considered non-completers. Ratings were performed by raters blinded to anesthetic medication. Results: A total of 31 patients signed informed consent and were randomized to ketamine (n = 16) or methohexital (n= 15). The 2 treatment groups did not differ statistically in any demographic characteristics, with mean (SD) for age for ketamine: 48.01 (15.04) and methohexital: 48.34 (9.27). Twenty-one patients completed the study, 10 in the ketamine group and 11 in the methohexital group, while 6 and 4 dropped from each group respectively, without responding or completing 10 treatments. Both groups showed clinically and statistically significant decrease in mean HRSD, from 28.62 (1.85) to 9.49 (2.79) for the ketamine group and from 27.20 (1.90) to 8.93 (3.68) for the methohexital group. For completers, the mean number of treatments (SD) to reach response was not statistically different between the 2 groups: ketamine = 7.82 (3.43), methohexital = 8.60 (3.72), p =0.6235. The trajectory of the response was not different (p= 0.838) Conclusions: Ketamine anesthesia does not seem to increase the efficacy of ECT for depression as measured by the number of treatments needed to reach response compared to standard methohexital anesthesia.
Electric field characteristics of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (sTMS)$$$ Background: Conventional magnetic neurostimulation systems use a current-carrying coil to generate a time-varying magnetic field pulse, which in turn produces a spatially varying electric field-via electromagnetic induction-in the central or peripheral nervous system. An alternative approach to generating the time-varying magnetic field is by means of moving permanent magnets. Several systems have been proposed, involving rotation of high-strength neodymium magnets. One of these systems, termed synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (sTMS), was explored as a treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). The sTMS device is comprised of a configuration of three cylindrical neodymium magnets mounted over the midline frontal polar region, the superior frontal gyrus, and the parietal cortex. The speed of rotation for the magnets was set to the patient's individualized peak alpha frequency of neural oscillations, as obtained by pretreatment electroencephalography recorded from prefrontal and occipital regions while the patient remained in eyes-closed, resting state. The hypothesized mechanism of action is that entrainment of alpha oscillations, via exogenous subthreshold sinusoidal stimulation produced by sTMS, could reset neural oscillators, enhance cortical plasticity, normalize cerebral blood flow, and altogether ameliorate depressive symptoms. In a multicenter, double-blind, sham-controlled trial of sTMS treatment of MDD, there was no difference in efficacy between active and sham in the intent-to-treat sample. In a subset of per-protocol patients, there was significant treatment effect at six-weeks. No direct electrophysiological evidence of the hypothesized mechanism of sTMS was reported, nor was the stimulation intensity and distribution well characterized. In this work, we evaluate the electric field characteristics of sTMS using the finite element method. Methods: The finite element model was implemented in COMSOL Multiphysics (COMSOL, Burlington, MA) using its version of the IEEE Specific Anthropomorphic Mannequin (SAM) phantom. The head model (stator) has uniform, isotropic electrical conductivity of 0:33 S/m and relative permeability of 1. Three cylindrical magnets (rotators) are positioned along the midline: Magnet #1 is located over the frontal pole just above the eyebrows. Magnet #2 is 7.1 cm away from Magnet #1, approximately overlying the superior frontal gyrus. Magnet #3 is 9.2 cm away from Magnet #2, approximately overlying the parietal cortex. Each magnet is 2.54 cm in diameter and height, diametrically magnetized, with a residual flux density of 0.64 T. The axes of rotations are perpendicular to the sagital plane; and the rotation velocity is set to 10 Hz, corresponding to approximately peak alpha frequency. The resulting adaptive mesh consists of 56,825 tetrahedral elements. A stationary solution was first obtained using a direct solver (MUMPS), and then the timedependent problem (in 10 degrees rotation steps) was solved. This assumes that the transient effects of initiating the rotating magnets have decayed, and the final solution reflects steady-state behavior. Results: The electric field distribution of a single rotating magnet was first simulated in a sphere head model with radius of 8.5 cm. As the magnet rotates, the electric field switches from a figure-8 pattern (when the magnetic dipole is perpendicular to the head sphere at multiples of halfperiod) to a circular pattern (when the magnetic dipole is parallel to the head at multiples of quarter-period). The peak induced electric field strength at the surface of the head is approximately 0.05 V/m, in the direction parallel to the rotation axis of the magnet. The electric field distribution of the full sTMS configuration in the SAM head model shows broadly distributed over midline frontal polar, medial frontal, and parietal regions. The peak induced electric field strength at the surface of the head is approximately 0.06 V/m. At a depth of 1.5 cm from the head surface, corresponding to the depth of the cortex, the electric field strength attenuates to approximately 0.02 V/m. Conclusions: We evaluated the electric field characteristics of the sTMS system of rotating magnets using the finite element method. We found that the maximum induced electric field strength at the level of the cortex is approximately 0.02 V/m, which is an order of magnitude lower compared to those delivered by transcranial current stimulation and low field magnetic stimulation. Future work would include simulation of sTMS in anatomically-accurate head models derived from individual brain scans and treatment parameters. Direct electrophysiological data should also be collected to validate the proposed mechanism of action.
Safety and acceptability of transcranial direct current stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes: Analysis of individual patient data$$$ Background Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation modality that has been increasingly used for major depressive disorder (MDD) treatment. Although studies in healthy volunteers showed that the technique is well-tolerated, tDCS safety and acceptability have not been sufficiently explored in patients with MDD. Methods We collected individual patient data from 6 randomized clinical trials that had been previously identified in a systematic review and meta-analysis. Primary outcomes were safety (rate of adverse events) and acceptability (rate of dropouts). Secondary outcomes were clinical, demographic and treatment predictors of the primary outcomes. Results Dropout rates between active (8.8%) and sham (12%) groups were not significantly different (OR= 0.7, p=0.38). Adverse event rates between active (73.5%) and sham (68.3%) groups were not significantly different (OR= 1.4, p= 0.23). Higher current densities were associated with lower adverse event rates. Limitations Dropout reasons were not systematically reported and adverse events were not collected using questionnaires standardized across studies. Conclusions Active tDCS is as acceptable and safe as sham tDCS, as found in randomized clinical trials of MDD.
Treatment of neurocognitive symptoms in unipolar depression: A systematic review and future perspectives$$$ Background Cognitive symptoms in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) are persistent and commonly entail neurocognitive impairment and a decline in quality of life. This systematic review gathers the current scientific evidence on therapeutic strategies for neuropsychological impairment in MDD. Method A systematic search on PubMed, PsycINFO and Clinicaltrials.gov was carried out on December 2016 according to PRISMA using Boolean terms to identify interventions for the treatment of cognitive dysfunction in MDD. Only English-written articles providing original data and focusing in adults with MDD were included with no time restrictions. Results A total of 95 studies reporting data on 40 pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions were included. Interventions were grouped into the following categories: 1) Pharmacological Therapies (antidepressants, stimulants, compounds acting on NMDA receptors, compounds acting on the cholinergic system, compounds showing anti-inflammatory or antioxidant properties, other mechanisms of action), 2) Physical Therapies and 3) Psychological Therapies, 4) Exercise. There are some promising compounds showing a positive impact on cognitive symptoms including vortioxetine, lisdexamfetamine or erythropoietin. Limitations The studies included showed significant methodological differences in heterogeneous samples. The lack of a standardized neuropsychological battery makes comparisons between studies difficult. Conclusion Current evidence is not sufficient to widely recommend the use of procognitive treatments in MDD although promising results are coming to light.
Impact of pharmacist-psychiatrist collaborative patient education on medication adherence and quality of life (QOL) of Bipolar Affective Disorder (BPAD) patients$$$ Background: Bipolar Affective Disorder (BPAD) is one of the leading causes of disability globally. Medication non-adherence and low quality of life (QOL) are the major challenges associated with the treatment of BPAD patients. Objective: Aim of this study was to assess the impact of pharmacist-psychiatrist collaborative patient education on medication adherence and QOL of BPAD patients. Methodology: A prospective randomized control study was conducted in the psychiatry outpatient department in a tertiary care setting. The eligible patients were enrolled and randomized into test (collaborative care) and control (usual care) groups. Patient education was provided by pharmacists to the test group patients, along with the usual care provided to all the patients. Patients were followed for three follow-ups of nearly 1 month intervals. Medication adherence and QOL were assessed by Medication Adherence Rating Scale and WHOQOL-BREF questionnaire, respectively. T-test was used and P-values < 0.05 were considered statistically significant. Results: Out of 75 patients enrolled, 73 patients were followed for all the three follow-ups and completed the study. Thirty-eight patients belonged to test and 35 were in control group. The mean age of patients was 34.21 ± 10.91 years. Forty-eight (65.75%) patients belonged to age group of 18-39 years. There were 41 males (56.16%) and 32 female patients (43.83%) in the study. Mean improvement in medication adherence and QOL of the test and control groups were found to be 2.06 ± 0.15 (<0.001) and 13.8 ± 10.5 (<0.05), respectively. Conclusion: This study concluded that pharmacist-psychiatrist collaborative patient education can significantly improve the medication adherence and QOL of the BPAD patients. Statistically significant results indicating improved patient care and outcomes were possible when pharmacists worked as a team with psychiatrists.
Economic evidence for the clinical management of major depressive disorder: A systematic review and quality appraisal of economic evaluations alongside randomised controlled trials$$$ Aims. The aim of this systematic review of economic evaluations alongside randomised controlled trials (RCTs) was to provide a comprehensive overview of the evidence concerning cost-effectiveness analyses of common treatment options for major depression. Methods. An existing database was used to identify studies reporting cost-effectiveness results from RCTs. This database has been developed by a systematic literature search in the bibliographic databases of PubMed, PsychINFO, Embase and Cochrane library from database inception to December 2014. We evaluated the quality of economic evaluations using a 10-item short version of the Drummond checklist. Results were synthesised narratively. The risk of bias of the included RCTs was assessed, based on the Cochrane risk of bias assessment tool. Results. Fourteen RCTs were included from the 5580 articles screened on titles and abstracts. The methodological quality of the health economic evaluations was relatively high and the majority of the included RCTs had low risk of bias in most of Cochrane items except blinding of participants and personnel. Cognitive behavioural therapy was examined in seven trials as part of a variety of treatment protocols and seems cost-effective compared with pharmacotherapy in the long-term. However cost-effectiveness results for the combination of psychotherapy with pharmacotherapy are conflicting and should be interpreted with caution due to limited comparability between the examined trials. For several treatments, only a single economic evaluation was reported as part of a clinical trial. This was the case for comparisons between different classes of antidepressants, for several types of psychotherapy (behavioural activation, occupational therapy, interpersonal psychotherapy, short-term psychotherapy, psychodynamic psychotherapy, rational emotive behavioural therapy, solution focused therapy), and for transcranial magnetic stimulation v. electroconvulsive therapy. The limited evidence base for these interventions means generalisations, based on economic evaluation alongside clinical trials, cannot easily be made. Conclusions. There is some economic evidence underpinning many of the common treatment options for major depression. Wide variability was observed in study outcomes, probably attributable to differences in population, interventions or follow-up periods. For many interventions, only a single economic evaluation alongside clinical trials was identified. Thus, significant economic evidence gaps remain in the area of major depressive disorder.
Single-session transcranial direct current stimulation induces enduring enhancement of visual processing speed in patients with major depression$$$ Attentional deficits are considered key cognitive symptoms in major depressive disorder (MDD) arising from abnormal activation patterns within dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) alertness networks. Altering these activity patterns with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) might thus ameliorate alertness-dependent cognitive deficits in MDD patients. In a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study, we investigated the effect of a single session of anodal tDCS (2 mA) applied to the left dlPFC on different parameters of visual attention based on Bundesen’s theory of visual attention (Psychol Rev 97(4):523–547, 1990) in a group of 20 patients with MDD and a control group of 20 healthy participants. The parametric attention assessment took place before, immediately after and 24 h after tDCS intervention. It revealed a selective impairment in visual processing speed as a primary functional deficit in MDD at baseline assessment. Furthermore, a significant stimulation condition × time point interaction showed that verum tDCS over the left dlPFC resulted in a processing speed enhancement 24 h post-stimulation in MDD patients. In healthy control participants, we did not find similar tDCS-induced effects. Our results suggest that even a single session of tDCS over the dlPFC can induce enduring neurocognitive benefits that indicate an amelioration of cortical under-arousal in MDD patients in a time frame beyond that of immediate, excitability increases that are directly induced by the current.
Subgenual Anterior Cingulate–Medial Orbitofrontal Functional Connectivity in Medication-Resistant Major Depression: A Neurobiological Marker for Accelerated Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation Treatment?$$$ Background Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation paradigms have been shown to result in fast decreases in depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation. Although the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) region has been put forward as a possible biological marker, so far, no studies evaluated the clinical effects of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (aiTBS) on sgACC functional connectivity (FC). Methods Fifty patients with treatment-resistant depression were enrolled in this registered randomized double-blind sham-controlled crossover aiTBS treatment study. All received 20 iTBS sessions applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (5 daily sessions spread over 4 days). Forty-four complete resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging scans were collected. Baseline resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging scans were compared with a matched healthy control group. Besides depression severity, all patients were also assessed with the Scale for Suicide Ideation and the Beck Hopelessness Scale. Results Our main resting-state functional magnetic resonance imaging findings indicate that a positive sgACC FC correlation with the medial orbitofrontal cortex could distinguish aiTBS responders from nonresponders at baseline. Beneficial aiTBS treatment strengthened sgACC–medial orbitofrontal cortex FC patterns. Moreover, this increased FC pattern was associated with a decrease in feelings of hopelessness. Conclusions Clinical response to aiTBS treatment is not only characterized by stronger FC patterns between the sgACC and the medial orbitofrontal cortex, but it is also associated with decreases in hopelessness. Our observations provide a possible neurobiological explanation why accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation paradigms may result in prompt attenuation of negative thinking in depressed patients.
Transcranial direct current stimulation effects on menopausal vasomotor symptoms$$$ Objective: To assess the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) compared with tDCS-sham on vasomotor symptoms of postmenopausal women. Methods: Postmenopausal women (N = 30), aged between 45 and 68 years, with at least four episodes of vasomotor symptoms per day, were recruited from a specialized outpatient clinic at a tertiary hospital in the south of Brazil and through a media call after inclusion and exclusion criteria were ensured. Active and tDCS-sham were administered over the motor cortex position (anode electrode) and contralateral supraorbital region (cathode electrode) for 10 consecutive days, except weekends. The number and intensity records of hot flashes were evaluated for 7 days before and along 30 days after the intervention. The Women's Health Questionnaire and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale were applied to assess the quality of life and the depressive symptoms, respectively. Results: The frequencies of hot flashes per day happened in a similar way in both groups, with a reduction in the first 3 weeks after the intervention. There was a return in hot flash frequencies to baseline in the fourth week (week 0: 79.0 ± 6.2 and 75.8 ± 6.0, week 1: 61.6 ± 9.6 and 57.0 ± 7.8, week 2: 56.8 ± 8.9 and 55.9 ± 7.1, week 3: 56.8 ± 8.9 and 54.2 ± 7.2, week 4: 64.9 ± 10.7, 70.1 ± 8.9; tDCS-sham and tDCS groups, respectively). In the tDCS group, a trend towards a conversion of intensive hot flashes into mild ones was observed. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the tDCS technique showed small trends on postmenopausal vasomotor symptoms, justifying searches for more effective methods by which tDCS could reduce hot flashes.
Erratum: Scottish independence: The view of psychiatry from Edinburgh (Psychiatrist (2017) 41 (234-236) DOI: 10.1192/pb.bp.116.054965)$$$ Scottish independence: the view of psychiatry from Edinburgh. BJPsych Bulletin 2017; 41: 234-236. Professor Eve Johnstone is the eighth generation of Scottish doctors (para 3 line 2). None of the participants of the ECT study described in the interview had intellectual disability (para 10) - the final sentence should read: 'Not shirking controversy, she then ran a placebo-controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), which demonstrated ECT to be effective, albeit only for about 8 weeks, particularly in those depressed patients who experienced delusions and had psychomotor retardation'. The online version of this article was amended post-publication, in deviation from print and in accordance with this correction, on 9 August 2017.
Usefulness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of bipolar depression$$$ background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (itms) has been found to be an effective technique in the treatment of unipolar depression. However, it is not yet clear whether itms is also useful in the treatment of bipolar depression. aim To evaluate the available evidence that itms is effective in the treatment of bipolar depression. method Review of available literature (rcts and open-label studies). results We looked closely at four rcts and four open-label studies. In three of the four rcts the results for patients who had received itms were no better than those for patients who had received a placebo. Patients inali four open-label studies showed significant improvement. One individual developed hypomanic symptoms.The studies used many different parameters; some studies included diagnoses, some referred to the type of medication used. conclusion So far, there is a lack of high quality studies on which we can base our conclusions about the effectiveness of itms for the treatment of bipolar depression. The use of itms to treat patients with bipolar depression does not seem to increase the risk that a patient will develop (hypo)mania.
The KEEP-WELL trial (NCT02414932)-ketamine for depression relapse prevention following ECT$$$ Treatment-resistant depression can be successfully treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). However, in line with outcomes of treatment for resistant depression, relapse rates are high following ECT-38% after 6 months [1]. There is a need for better relapse prevention strategies. One possibility is to use ketamine, which has a rapid-onset, though short-lived, antidepres-sant effect, possibly mediated through neuroplastic mechanisms. We conducted a randomised controlled pilot trial of a 4-week course of once-weekly ketamine infusions for depression relapse prevention post-ECT to assess feasibility [2]. In Phase 1, participants with unipolar depression were recruited before commencing ECT and assessed weekly during the ECT course using the primary clinical outcome, the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-24). In Phase 2, responders were invited, on completing ECT, to be randomised (1:1) to a course of four once-weekly infusions of ketamine or midazolam. Participants were followed-up over 6 months to assess relapse. 176 referrals were screened between April 2015 and December 2016. Of these, 108 were ineligible and 24 declined to participate. 44 people were recruited to Phase 1, of whom 27(61%) met response criteria, in line with previous studies [3]. However, only six (22%) of these agreed to participate in Phase 2. No participant completed the full treatment protocol. Reasons for declining and/or discontinuing the treatment phase included transport difficul ties, unwillingness to return for treatment, and inability to secure accompaniment for 24-hours after each infusion. This pilot trial suggests that clinical trials of ketamine for depression relapse prevention present many challenges.
The prolonging remission in depressed elderly (PRIDE) Trial (NCT01028508): Results from the randomised phase$$$ Objective: The randomized phase (phase 2) of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study evaluated the efficacy/tolerability of continuation ECT plus medication com pared to medication alone in depressed elderly patients after a successful ECT course (phase 1) [1, 2]. Method: PRIDE was a two-phase multisite study. Phase 1 was an acute course of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT with adjunctive venlafaxine. Phase 2 compared two randomized treatments: a medication only arm (venlafaxine plus lithium, for 24 weeks) and an ECT plus medication arm (four continuation ECT treatments in 1 month, plus additional ECT as needed, using the Symptom-Titrated, Algorithm-Based Longitudinal ECT [STABLE] algorithm, while continuing venlafaxine plus lithium). The intent-to-treat sample consisted of 120 remitters from phase 1. Primary efficacy outcome measure was score on the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), secondary efficacy outcome was score on the Clinical Global Impressions severity scale (CGI-S). Tolerability measured by neurocognitive performance, was assessed using an extensive test battery. Global cognitive functioning was assessed by the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE). Results: At 24 weeks, the ECT plus medication group had statistically significantly lower HAM-D scores than the medication only group. The difference in adjusted mean HAM-D scores at study end was 4.2 (95% CI = 1.6, 6.9). Significantly more patients in the ECT plus medication group were rated 'not ill at all' on the CGI-S compared with the medication only group. There was no significant difference between groups on MMSE score. Conclusions: Additional ECT after remission was beneficial in sustaining mood improvement for most patients.
Ten-day cognitive training program combined with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in stroke rehabilitation-a sham controlled study$$$ Background: Stroke is a high prevalence disease affecting not only the elderly, but actively working individuals also. Post-stroke symptoms commonly affect everyday functioning including cognitive skills. Cognitive functions may also have a huge impact on patient's quality of life [1]; therefore, effective rehabilitation is essential. As shown in a recent large cohort cluster study [2], a similar pattern of cognitive deficit-primarily involving verbal memory, visuospatial skills and executive functions-can be seen with various stroke localizations,. Growing evidence suggests [3] that non-invasive neuromodulation techniques may serve as promising tools for post-stroke cognitive rehabilitation. Objectives: The main purpose of the study was to assess the effect of a specific cognitive training program combined with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on overall cognitive functioning in stroke patients, independently of stroke localization. Methods: 17 stroke patients have been enrolled in the study so far. All patients participated in a 10-day cognitive training program. Before and after the training they underwent a thorough cognitive and affective assessment including measures of global cognitive functions (Addenbrook's Cognitive Examination), verbal memory (Rivermead Immediate Story recall), working memory (Digit Span Forward, Digit Span Backward, Listening Span, Counting Span), visuospatial skills (Corsi Block-Tapping Test), executive functions (verbal fluency tasks), depressive symptoms (Beck Depression Inventory, Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression) and anxiety (State-Trait Anxiety Inventory). Patients were randomly assigned to the active or sham tDCS group with both groups completing the cognitive training. The training included a flanker task involving emotional and visuospatial processing and executive function. The task consisted of a short practice section and 4 blocks of active response section, containing an equal number of neutral, positive and negative valence words. Task difficulty has been set individually for each training session. We expected to see cognitive improvement in both groups, and a greater improvement in the active tDCS group as compared to the sham stimulation. Results: The examination of global cognitive function revealed a significant improvement in total scores of Addenbrook's cognitive examination (ACE), in memory scores of ACE, and immediate story recall scores of the Rivermead Behavioural Memory Test following the 10-day training in both the active and sham tDCS group. Both groups showed an improving tendency in Corsi Block-Tapping Test and in Listening Span Task. Results of affective testing revealed a significant decrease in depressive and anxiety symptoms based on Beck Depression Inventory, Spielberger's Trait Anxiety Inventory and Depression Anxiety Stress Scales scores in the active tDCS group, whereas total scores of the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression decreased in both the active and sham tDCS groups. Conclusion: Our current results suggest a beneficial effect of cognitive training combined with active/sham tDCS on overall cognitive functioning in stroke patients with different lesion sites. We found a significant decrease in affective symptoms with a clear benefit of active tDCS. Patient enrollment is in process and long-term effects are also being investigated.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of depression: Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised, sham-controlled trials$$$ Background: Non-invasive neuromodulation techniques, includ ing transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), have emerged as a treatment option for acute depressive episodes in adult patients. Novel modifications of standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have been developed and include deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS), theta burst stimulation (TBS), and synchronised TMS (sTMS). Objective: The aim of the present study was to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of the acute efficacy and acceptability of non-invasive brain stimulation treatments for depressive disorders. Methods: A literature search was conducted of the Embase, Medline, and PsychINFO databases for randomised sham-controlled trials, published between the first date available and April 2017. Inclusion criteria were: (1) adults at the age of 18-70 years; (2) DSM-IVor ICD-10 diagnosis of unipolar depression or bipolar affective disorder in a current major depressive episode; (3) randomised sham-controlled trials which utilised a parallel-group or cross-over design; (4) included a clinician-administered depression rating scale such as the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) or Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Exclusion criteria were: (1) studies which included patients with disorders other than unipolar or bipolar disorder or patients with a bipolar affective disorder who were currently experiencing a manic episode; (2) studies limited to a specific subtype of depression (i.e., postpartum depression or vascular depression) or depression that was a secondary diagnosis (e.g., fibromyalgia and depression); (3) co-initiation of any other form of treatment. A random-effects model was used for the analyses with odds ratios as the index of effect size for response, remission, and discontinuation rates. Results: Fifty-six studies met our inclusion and exclusion criteria, consisting of a total of N = 2827 patients with major depressive disorder or bipolar depression. Improved treatment efficacy was revealed for high frequency rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), low frequency rTMS over the right DLPFC, and bilateral rTMS for the treatment of an acute depressive episode. Treatment efficacy was also evident for intermittent TBS, but not for continuous TBS or bilateral TBS. There were no differences in discontinuation rates at primary study endpoint between the active treatment and sham groups for any of the treatment modalities. Conclusion: The present analyses provide further evidence that several non-invasive brain stimulation techniques have antidepres sant efficacy in adult patients. Moreover, the lack of differences in discontinuation rates suggests that neuromodulation is generally well tolerated by patients treated for major depressive disorder and bipolar depression. However, most trials were severely under powered and large RCTs are needed to determine the role of the more recent treatment modalities in clinical practice.
Deep brain stimulation in schizophrenia: A randomized pilot study testing anterior cingulated cortex vs. nucleus accumbens targets$$$ Introduction: Around 30% patients with schizophrenia are still resistant to conventional treatment [1]. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has shown to be effective in resistant depression and obsessive-compulsive disorder [2]. However, no studies have been carried out in schizophrenia, partly due to uncertainties over where to place the electrodes. The subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) and the Nucleus Accumbens (Nacc) have been related with positive symptoms and have previously been used for DBS treatment successfully [3, 4, 5]. The aim of the present pilot study is to investigate the efficacy and security of the DBS in patients with Resistant Schizophrenia placing the electrodes in the target mentioned. Methods: Eight patients with DSM-IV-TR diagnosis of schizophrenia that are resistant to at least two different atypical antipsychotics and are also non-responders to clozapine mono-therapy or in combination with another antipsychotic, as well as electroconvulsive therapy, will be included in the study and randomized to receive DBS in sgACC or Nacc. After achieving a maintained symptomatic response over 6 months during a stabilization open phase, patients will enter into a double-blind, crossover phase, when they will spend 3 months with stimulation turned on, followed by 3 months with it turned of f. During the follow-up they will be clinically assessed with the Positive and Negative Symptom Scale (PANSS) and The Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI). Other assessments will be with the Personal and Social Performance (PSP) Scale to evaluate functioning, with the UKU side effects scale and with a neuropsychological battery. Symptomatic response to DBS is defined as having an improvement ≥25% on PANSS total score. Results: We report preliminary findings from the 5 patients who have received DBS surgery until today. Baseline character istics (mean ± sd) were as follows: Three patients (60%) were male, age was 42.6 ± 7.5 years and previous hospitalizations were 8.2 ± 3.5. All patients were receiving pharmacological treat ment with clozapine augmented with different antipsychotics. Antipsychotic dose (in chlorpromazine equivalents) were: 1500 ± 318.2. PANSS scores at baseline were: Total score= 93.4 ± 13.1, Positive Subscale= 24 ± 2.5, Negative Subscale= 26.4 ± 2.7 and General Subscale= 43 ± 10.5. One patient had to be excluded from the study 4 months after the baseline visit because of a serious adverse event derived from the surgery (subcortical hematoma and prosthetic infection). 3 out of 4 patients have achieved symptomatic response (last patient included received the surgery on June'16). PANSS scores before the crossover phase were (n = 3): total score= 58.7 ± 10.4, positive = 15 ± 1.7, negative = 14.7 ± 1.5 and general= 29 ± 9.6. Time to achieve response was 380 ± 76.9 days. Results about the crossover phase, targets, functional and cognitive variables will be further reported with additional data. Conclusion: This is the first randomized study to evaluate efficacy and security of DBS in Schizophrenia. Our findings show DBS as an effective treatment option for patients with Schizophrenia that are resistant to all guidelines treatments recommended, even though surgery risks have to be taken into consideration. Data from the end of the study are needed to confirm the results and draw firm conclusions.
Intensive neurorehabilitation is associated with improved fatigue and depression in patients with progressive MS$$$ Introduction: Motor disability, depression and fatigue often coexist in people with progressive Multiple Sclerosis (PMS), with negative consequences on their quality of life. We explored the effect of pre-existing depressive symptoms on the outcome of intensive motor neurorehabilitation treatment in PMS. Methods: Consecutive patients with PMS (40, 22 F, age 48.52+ 8.18; EDSS 5.85 + 0.58) entering our Neurorehabilitation department and participating in a randomized trial on repetitive TMS coupled with neurorehabilitation were recruited. They underwent testing with MS walking scale (MSWS); fatigue severity Scale (FSS); 6 minutes walking test (6MWT), numerical rating scale (NRS) for spasticity and pain, expanded disability status scale (EDSS), functional independence measure (FIM), 10 meter walk test (10MW), Beck depression inventory (BDI) and paced auditory serial addition test (PASAT), at baseline (T0) and at T3, after an intensive neurorehabilitation program twice a day, 5 days/week for 3 weeks. Results: Patients with mild/severe depression at baseline (BDI > 14, n=11, 28%) significantly improved in fatigue (delta FSS 1.48 vs 0.16; p=0.036) and depression (delta BDI 9.4 vs 1.7; p=0.025). They also had a tendency to improvement at T3 in 6MWT (55.3 vs 19 mt; p = 0.06), MSWS (35.2 vs 9.6; p = 0.054). These measures did not significantly differ between the two groups at baseline. Conclusions: We found a better improvement in fatigue and depression and a trend for motor and physical scales in people with MS with higher depression scores at the start of an intensive neurorehabilitation program. These data are consistent with the view that underlying depression may confound motor and fatigue measures and underline the importance to address psychological factors to enhance the positive outcome of rehabilitation treatment and its maintenance.
At-home transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) improves mood in multiple sclerosis: Results from a randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: tDCS is a therapeutic approach that applies low amplitude currents (typically 1-4 mA) through scalp electrodes with the goal of altering the resting state of neurons for potential therapeutic benefit. A growing body of evidence indicates that tDCS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) may be beneficial in the treatment of depression, a common comorbidity with multiple sclerosis (MS). The DLPFC is a neurobiological substrate related to both aspects of mood and cognition. We tested mood outcomes in a recently completed randomized sham-controlled and double blinded trial of tDCS in MS participants. Methods: Participants with MS were recruited to participate in a randomized, sham-controlled trial of tDCS testing remote (athome) delivery of treatment. Supervised in real time through videoconferencing, participants completed 20 treatment sessions from home over four weeks. Participants were randomly assigned to active (2.0mA left anodal) or sham tDCS using the DLFPC montage. Sessions were administered for 20 minutes during which participants also completed cognitive training exercises each session. Participants completed self-report questionnaires at baseline and study end visits, including the Positive and Negative Affect Schedule or PANAS to provide specific components of mood. Results: Participants receiving active tDCS (n=14) reported a significant increase in PA and decrease in NA by study end (mean changes of 4.4±6.2, p=0.02 and -5.7±5.9, p=0.003, respectively). Sham-treated participants (n=10) did not show significant change in either positive or negative affect (mean changes of 4.4±6.2 vs -0.6±6.2, p=0.068 and mean changes of -5.7±5.9 vs -2.0±5.0, p=0.111, respectively). Conclusions: Twenty sessions of tDCS, administered at home using a telerehabilitation protocol, significantly increases positive affect and decreases negative affect in participants with MS. Findings support the role of DLPFC in regulating mood and warrant a clinical trial for the treatment of MS-related depression.
Effects of 40 mg of morphine on phenotypic causes of obstructive sleep apnea$$$ Introduction: Opioids use is common for pain management. Accidental deaths have increased in recent years. Deaths nearly always occur during sleep. Thus, people with sleep apnoea may be at greater risk. There are 4 key causes of obstructive sleep apnea (OSA). A collapsible upper airway, poor pharyngeal muscle responsiveness asleep, a low respiratory arousal threshold and unstable ventilatory control (high loop gain). Major concerns are that morphine worsens OSA severity via respiratory depression and central reductions in neural drive to the pharyngeal muscles. However, the effects of morphine on key phenotypic causes of OSA have not been investigated. Thus, given the increasing rates of use and potential for harm, this study aimed to evaluate the effects of morphine on the 4 key causes of OSA. Materials and Methods: 21 men with OSA (AHI range=7-67 events/ h sleep), were studied on 2 separate nights (1 week wash-out) according to a randomised, double-blind, cross-over design in which patients received 40 mg of MS Contin on one visit and placebo on the other. Brief reductions in CPAP were delivered to induce airflow limitation during non-REM sleep to quantify the 4 traits that cause OSA (i.e. upper airway collapsibility [Pcrit], genioglossus muscle responsiveness [MR], respiratory arousal threshold [AT] and loop gain [LG]) at each visit. Additionally, CO2 was administered via nasal mask to quantify hypercapnic ventilatory responses during stable non-REM sleep. Results: Compared to placebo, 40 mg of morphine did not change Pcrit (-0.1 ± 2.4 vs. -0.4 ± 2.2 cmH2O, p = 0.58), genioglossus responsiveness (-2.2 [-5.4 to -0.87] vs. -1.2 [-3.5 to -0.3] microV/ cmH2O epiglottic pressure, p = 0.22), or arousal threshold (-16.7 ± 6.8 vs. -15.4 ± 6.0 cmH2O, p = 0.41), but did reduce loop gain (-10.1 ± 2.6 vs.-4.4 ± 2.1 dimensionless, p = 0.04). Morphine also reduced ventilatory and genioglossus responses to CO2. Conclusions: Concordant with recent clinical findings, 40 mg of morphine does not change Pcrit, MR, or AT in patients with moderately severe OSA. However, in line with blunted chemosensitivity, 40 mg of MS Contin does reduce LG and hypercapnic ventilatory responses. These paradoxical effects may reduce unstable respiratory control in patients with high LG but could decrease breathing and worsen blood gas disturbances in others. Identification of at risk of harm patient's characteristics with opioids remains a priority.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of child and adolescent psychiatric disorders$$$ Objectives: Participants will gain an appreciation of the current and future roles of neuroimaging in optimizing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) research protocols with children and adolescents. Methods: Presentation from a member with an active research program will focus on noninvasive brain stimulation in children and adolescents. Results: Initial therapeutic pilot studies have demonstrated that rTMS may have promise for adolescents with MDD, ADHD, and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). Larger, double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled studies of MDD and ASD are in progress. A recent study of adolescent MDD examined the use of MRI-guided treatment localization for rTMS delivery. These data suggest that standard coil placement techniques, such as the 5-cm rule and Beam F3 method, provide divergent treatment locations. However, the clinical impact of MRI-guided approaches is undetermined. Recent adult studies using rTMS have examined resting-state connectivity biomarker approaches for MDD. Emerging data suggest that high-frequency rTMS treatments may modulate frontostriatal connectivity. Other recent efforts have identified a resting-state biotype, which may predict responsiveness to rTMS therapy for MDD. Although data from future adolescent studies may diverge from adults, these initial efforts will inform future study design. Existing studies with magnetic resonance spectroscopy suggest that successful rTMS in adolescent depression may potentiate cortical glutamate neurotransmission. Conclusions: Prior studies suggest that rTMS will play an important role as a neurophysiological probe and therapeutic intervention in future research. Synergistic research with neuroimaging modalities holds the promise of enhancing the efficacy of therapeutic rTMS and informing developmental neuroscience. Ideal future study designs with rTMS and neuroimaging will concurrently address both of these broad goals.
Interventions for management of post-stroke depression: A bayesian network meta-analysis of 23 randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) constitutes an important complication of stroke, leading to great disability and increased mortality. Objective: Since which treatment for PSD should be preferred are still matters of controversy, we aimed to compare and rank these pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions. Patients and Methods / Material and Methods: We searched PubMed, the Cochrane Library Central Register of Controlled Trials, Embase and the reference lists of relevant articles for randomized controlled trials published up to November 1, 2016, of different PSD treatment strategies. The primary outcome was reduction in Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD) score. Results: From a total of 1152 citations, 23 randomized trials with a total of 1542 participants were included. In terms of primary outcome, norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (NRI) was ranked the best for reduction in HAMD score (MD [mean difference] 7.90, 95% credible interval (CrI) 1.91 to 13.74), followed by tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) (MD 7.64, 95% Crl 3.89 to 11.07), psychotherapy plus antidepressants therapy (P+A) (MD 7.29, 95% Crl 0.02 to 14.57) and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRIs) (MD 6.27, 95% Crl 2.66 to 9.69). For secondary outcome, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) (odds ratio[OR] 9.98, 95% Crl 4.06 to 27.96) and TCA (OR 8.01, 95% Crl 4.16 to 15.42) were significantly effective than control (OR 4.18, 95% Crl 1.38 to 13.38). Conclusion: Our study indicated that NRI, SSRIs and TCAs are associated with significantly better HAMD score reduction compared with control. rTMS is a beneficial treatment compared with control group in terms of response and remission (defined as no longer meeting baseline depression criteria) rate.
Effects of repetetive transcranial magnetic stimulation at three cortical sites in Parkinson's disease: A randomized study$$$ Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) is a progressive neurological disorder characterized by a broad spectrum of motor and non-motor symptoms. Objective: To investigate the modulatory effects of repetetive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on motor symptoms in Parkinsons Disease (PD). Patients and Methods / Material and Methods: rTMS was given over three cortical areas principally implicated in PD-motor area (MA): Group 1, pre-motor area (PMA): Group 2 and supplementary motor area (SMA): Group 3. After obtaining approval from Institutional Review Board (IRB) and informed written consent from all patients, in this single blind, cross over, sham-controlled study; subjects (H & Y up to 2.5) were randomized to three groups. 3000 pulses were delivered at 1Hz (Group 1&2) and 5Hz (Group 3). The outcomes (UPDRS, PDQ 39, HAM-A, HAM-D) were assessed at 0, 4 and 8 weeks. Results: Improvements in scores of UPDRS II (p< 0.01) ; UPDRS III (p< 0.01); UPDRS Total (p< 0.01); Mobility (p< 0.01); ADL (p< 0.01); Bodily Discomfort (p=0.031) were observed in Group1 compared to sham. Improvements in scores of UPDRS II (p<0.01); UPDRS III (p< 0.01) UPDRS Total (p < 0.01); Mobility (p< 0.01); ADL (p< 0.01); Cognition (p=0.01); Communication (p=0.002); Bodily Discomfort (p=0.031) were seen in Group3 compared to sham. All other domains in any of the three groups did not show any appreciable change compared to sham. Conclusion: Results suggest that rTMS over MA(1Hz) and SMA (5 Hz) potentially alleviate motor symptoms in patients with PD. The efficacy of rTMS on PD merits exploration with larger sample sizes and longer terms of follow-up.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treatment-resistant major depression (TRMD) Veteran patients: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Evaluation of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treatment-resistant major depression (TRMD) in Veterans offers unique clinical trial challenges. Here we describe a randomized, double-blinded, intent-to-treat, two-arm, superiority parallel design, a multicenter study funded by the Cooperative Studies Program (CSP No. 556) of the US Department of Veterans Affairs. Methods: We recruited medical providers with clinical expertise in treating TRMD at nine Veterans Affairs (VA) medical centers as the trial local investigators. We plan to enroll 360 Veterans diagnosed with TRMD at the nine VA medical centers over a 3-year period. We will randomize participants into a double-blinded clinical trial to left prefrontal rTMS treatment or to sham (control) rTMS treatment (180 participants each group) for up to 30 treatment sessions. All participants will meet Diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders, 4 th edition (DSM-IV) criteria for major depression and will have failed at least two prior pharmacological interventions. In contrast with other rTMS clinical trials, we will not exclude Veterans with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) or history of substance abuse and we will obtain detailed history regarding these disorders. Furthermore, we will maintain participants on stable anti-depressant medication throughout the trial. We will evaluate all participants on a wide variety of potential predictors of treatment response including cognitive, psychological and functional parameters. Discussion: The primary dependent measure will be remission rate (Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24) ≤ 10), and secondary analyses will be conducted on other indices. Comparisons between the rTMS and the sham groups will be made at the end of the acute treatment phase to test the primary hypothesis. The unique challenges to performing such a large technically challenging clinical trial with Veterans and potential avenues for improvement of the design in future trials will be described. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01191333. Registered on 26 August 2010. This report is based on the protocol version 4.6 amended in February 2016. All items from the World Health Organization Trial Registration Data Set are listed in Appendix A.
Cognitive training to improve memory in individuals undergoing electroconvulsive therapyNegative findings$$$ Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the most effective treatment for severe depression, some patients report persistent memory problems following ECT that impact their quality of life and their willingness to consent to further ECT. While cognitive training has been shown to improve memory performance in various conditions, this approach has never been applied to help patients regain their memory after ECT. In a double-blind study, we tested the efficacy of a new cognitive training program called Memory Training for ECT (Mem-ECT), specifically designed to target anterograde and retrograde memory that can be compromised following ECT. Fifty-nine patients with treatment-resistant depression scheduled to undergo ultra-brief right unilateral ECT were randomly assigned to either(a) Mem-ECT, (b) active control comprised of nonspecific mental stimulation, or (c) treatment as usual. Participants were evaluated within one week prior to the start of ECT and then again within 2 weeks following the last ECT session. All three groups improved in global function, quality of life, depression, and self-reported memory abilities without significant group differences. While there was a decline in verbal delayed recall and mental status, there was no decline in general retrograde memory or autobiographical memory in any of the groups, with no significant memory or clinical benefit for the Mem-ECT or active control conditions compared to treatment as usual. While we report negative findings, these results continue to promote the much needed discussion on developing effective strategies to minimize the adverse memory side effects of ECT, in hopes it will make ECT a better and more easily tolerated treatment for patients with severe depression who need this therapeutic option.
Neuro-Cardiac-Guided TMS (NCG-TMS): Probing DLPFC-sgACC-vagus nerve connectivity using heart rate – First results$$$ Background Given that many studies suggest a role of DLPFC-sgACC connectivity in depression and prior research demonstrating that neuromodulation of either of these nodes modulates parasympathetic activity and results in a heart rate deceleration, a new method is proposed to individualize localization of the DLPFC. This can, among others, be useful for rTMS treatment of depression. Methods Ten healthy subjects received three trains of 10Hz rTMS randomly over 7 target regions (10–20 system). Results Overall, F3 and F4 expressed the largest heart rate deceleration, in line with studies suggesting these are the best 10–20 sites to target the DLPFC. On the individual level, 20–40% subjects expressed the largest heart rate deceleration at FC3 or FC4, indicating individual differences as to the ‘optimal site for stimulation’. Conclusions These results show that the NCG-TMS method is valid to localize the entry into the DLPFC-sgACC network.
Transdiagnostic treatment of bipolar disorder and comorbid anxiety using the Unified Protocol for Emotional Disorders: A pilot feasibility and acceptability trial$$$ Background Comorbid anxiety in bipolar disorder (BD) is associated with greater illness severity, reduced treatment response, and greater impairment. Treating anxiety in the context of BD is crucial for improving illness course and outcomes. The current study examined the feasibility, acceptability and preliminary efficacy of the Unified Protocol (UP), a transdiagnostic cognitive behavioral therapy, as an adjunctive treatment to pharmacotherapy for BD and comorbid anxiety disorders. Methods Twenty-nine patients with BD and at least one comorbid anxiety disorder were randomized to pharmacotherapy treatment-as-usual (TAU) or TAU with 18 sessions of the UP (UP+TAU). All patients completed assessments every four weeks to track symptoms, functioning, emotion regulation and temperament. Linear mixed-model regressions were conducted to track symptom changes over time and to examine the relationship between emotion-related variables and treatment response. Results Satisfaction ratings were equivalent for both treatment groups. Patients in the UP+TAU group evidenced significantly greater reductions over time in anxiety and depression symptoms (Cohen's d's>0.80). Baseline levels of neuroticism, perceived affective control, and emotion regulation ability predicted magnitude of symptom change for the UP+TAU group only. Greater change in perceived control of emotions and emotion regulation skills predicted greater change in anxiety related symptoms. Limitations This was a pilot feasibility and acceptability trial; results should be interpreted with caution. Conclusions Treatment with the UP+TAU was rated high in patient satisfaction, and resulted in significantly greater improvement on indices of anxiety and depression relative to TAU. This suggests that the UP may be a feasible treatment approach for BD with comorbid anxiety.
rTMS with a two-coil array: Safety and efficacy for treatment resistant major depressive disorder$$$ Background Therapeutic repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has emerged as a standard of care for individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD) who do not benefit from, or are unable to tolerate, antidepressant pharmacotherapy. Depth of stimulation is limited with currently approved figure-eight coils and larger coils capable of deeper penetration may be associated with loss of stimulation focality and undesired recruitment of motor cortex. A second generation 2-coil array rTMS system was designed to target converging brain pathways for potentially deeper prefrontal cortex stimulation. Methods A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial examined the safety and efficacy of an investigational 2-coil rTMS device. Antidepressant treatment-resistant or treatment-intolerant MDD patients (n = 92) received 20 daily rTMS treatments with coil centers positioned over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (dmPFC). 10 Hz stimulation (maximum summated power for both coils ≤ 120% motor threshold) was delivered. Primary efficacy endpoint was change in HAMD-24 score from baseline to the conclusion of treatments. Results Data from n = 75 (per-protocol sample) showed significantly greater improvement (mean HAMD-24 change) over time for the active (n = 38) versus sham (n = 37) group after 20 sessions (F = 7.174; p = 0.008) and also at the one-month follow-up (F = 6.748; p = 0.010). Response rates were 55.3% (active) versus 32.4% (sham) (p = 0.063); remission rates were 26.3% versus 18.9% (p > 0.05). Other secondary outcomes were generally supportive. Conclusions The results confirmed safety and acute efficacy of the 2-coil rTMS device. Despite modest sample size, primary outcome was clinically and statistically significant, and the effect size was comparable with those reported for regulatory trials with FDA-cleared devices.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on pain, mood and serum endorphin level in the treatment of fibromyalgia: A double blinded, randomized clinical trial$$$ Background Recent studies have shown that novel neuro-modulating techniques can have pain-relieving effects in the treatment of chronic pain. The aim of this work is to evaluate the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in relieving fibromyalgia pain and its relation with beta-endorphin changes. Material and methods Forty eligible patients with primary fibromyalgia were randomized to receive real anodal tDCS or sham tDCS of the left motor cortex (M1) daily for 10 days. Each patient was evaluated using widespread pain index (WPI), symptom severity of fibromyalgia (SS), visual analogue scale (VAS), and determination of pain threshold as a primary outcome. Hamilton depression and anxiety scales (HAM-D and HAM-A) and estimation of serum beta-endorphin level pre and post-sessions were used as secondary outcome. All rating scales were conducted at the baseline, after the 5th, 10th session, 15 days and 1 month after the end of the sessions. Results Eighteen patients from each group completed the follow-up schedule with no significant difference between them regarding the duration of illness or the baseline scales. A significant TIME × GROUP interaction for each rating scale (WPI, SS, VAS, pain threshold, HAM-A, HAM-D) indicated that the effect of treatment differed in the two groups with higher improvement in the experimental scores of the patients in the real tDCS group (P = 0.001 for WPI, SS, VAS, pain threshold, and 0.002, 0.03 for HAM-A, HAM-D respectively). Negative correlations between changes in serum beta-endorphin level and the changes in different rating scales were found (P = 0.003, 0.003, 0.05, 0.002, 0002 for WPI, SS, VAS, HAM-A, and HAM-D respectively). Conclusion Ten sessions of real tDCS over M1 can induce pain relief and mood improvement in patients with fibromyalgia, which were found to be related to changes in serum endorphin levels. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT02704611.
Low intensity transcranial electric stimulation: Safety, ethical, legal regulatory and application guidelines$$$ Low intensity transcranial electrical stimulation (TES) in humans, encompassing transcranial direct current (tDCS), transcutaneous spinal Direct Current Stimulation (tsDCS), transcranial alternating current (tACS), and transcranial random noise (tRNS) stimulation or their combinations, appears to be safe. No serious adverse events (SAEs) have been reported so far in over 18,000 sessions administered to healthy subjects, neurological and psychiatric patients, as summarized here. Moderate adverse events (AEs), as defined by the necessity to intervene, are rare, and include skin burns with tDCS due to suboptimal electrode-skin contact. Very rarely mania or hypomania was induced in patients with depression (11 documented cases), yet a causal relationship is difficult to prove because of the low incidence rate and limited numbers of subjects in controlled trials. Mild AEs (MAEs) include headache and fatigue following stimulation as well as prickling and burning sensations occurring during tDCS at peak-to-baseline intensities of 1–2 mA and during tACS at higher peak-to-peak intensities above 2 mA. The prevalence of published AEs is different in studies specifically assessing AEs vs. those not assessing them, being higher in the former. AEs are frequently reported by individuals receiving placebo stimulation. The profile of AEs in terms of frequency, magnitude and type is comparable in healthy and clinical populations, and this is also the case for more vulnerable populations, such as children, elderly persons, or pregnant women. Combined interventions (e.g., co-application of drugs, electrophysiological measurements, neuroimaging) were not associated with further safety issues. Safety is established for low-intensity ‘conventional’ TES defined as <4 mA, up to 60 min duration per day. Animal studies and modeling evidence indicate that brain injury could occur at predicted current densities in the brain of 6.3–13 A/m2 that are over an order of magnitude above those produced by tDCS in humans. Using AC stimulation fewer AEs were reported compared to DC. In specific paradigms with amplitudes of up to 10 mA, frequencies in the kHz range appear to be safe. In this paper we provide structured interviews and recommend their use in future controlled studies, in particular when trying to extend the parameters applied. We also discuss recent regulatory issues, reporting practices and ethical issues. These recommendations achieved consensus in a meeting, which took place in Göttingen, Germany, on September 6–7, 2016 and were refined thereafter by email correspondence.
Episodic memory following deep brain stimulation of the ventral anterior limb of the internal capsule and electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) and Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) are effective treatments for patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). However, a common side effect of ECT is autobiographical memory loss (e.g., personal experiences), whereas the impact of DBS on autobiographical memories has never been established. Objective Comparing autobiographical memories following DBS and ECT. Methods In two hospitals in The Netherlands, we interviewed 25 TRD patients treated with DBS of the ventral anterior limb of the internal capsule (vALIC), 14 TRD patients treated with ECT and 22 healthy controls (HC) with the Autobiographical Memory Inventory – Short Form (AMI-SF) in a prospective, longitudinal study between March 2010 and August 2016. Patients treated with DBS were interviewed before surgery, after surgery, and twice during treatment over 122.7 (SD: ±22.2) weeks. Patients treated with ECT were tested before ECT, after six right unilateral (RUL) ECT sessions and twice following ECT over 65.1 (±9.3) weeks. Controls were tested four times over 81.5 (±15.6) weeks. Results Compared to HC, the AMI-SF score decreased faster in both TRD groups (P < 0.001). More specifically, AMI-SF score decreased in a comparable rate as HC after DBS surgery, but decreased more during treatment. The AMI-SF decrease in the ECT group was larger than both the DBS and HC groups. Conclusions Both ECT and vALIC DBS result in a faster autobiographical memory decline compared to HC. DBS might have a negative impact on autobiographical memories, although less so than ECT. Future work should dissect whether DBS or characteristics of TRD cause this decline.
Corrigendum to “Psychological intervention combined with direct electrical brain stimulation (PIN-CODES) for treating major depression: A pre-test, post-test, follow-up pilot study” [Neurol. Psychiatry Brain Res. 25 (2017) 15–23] (S094195001730012X) (10.1016/j.npbr.2017.05.003)$$$ Due to a technical error, the submitted abstract of the article “Psychological intervention combined with direct electrical brain stimulation (PIN-CODES) for treating major depression: A pre-test, post-test, follow-up pilot study” was not transferred from the submission system to the production system. We apologies for the inconveniences. Please find the abstract published below. Abstract Background: Major depression (MD) is a prevalent and chronic psychiatric disorder with high recurrence rates. Pharmacological and psychological interventions are two major types of MD treatment, however response to such treatments has not been satisfactory enough. Considering profile of MD marked with cognitive, emotional, social and neural correlates, this study aims to investigate effectiveness of Psychological Intervention Combined with Direct Electrical Stimulation (PIN-CODES) to examine efficacy of tDCS combined with psychotherapy for treating depressive symptoms and improving social cognition in MD. Methods: Fifteen participants (mean age = 19.40, SD = 1.96) diagnosed with unipolar MD, selected out of 50 patients with MD, were randomly assigned into four groups of tDCS, short-term psychodynamic psychotherapy (STPP), tDCS-psychotherapy (PIN-CODES) and control. All participants completed the Symptom Checklist-90-Revised (SCL-90-R), Eyes Test and Reading the Mind in the Voice (RVM) task before-after intervention with a 1-month follow-up. The tDCS group received 10 sessions of electrical brain stimulation (2 mA for 20-min, anode over F3, cathode over Fp2), the STPP group attended 10 sessions of 45-min short-term psychodynamic psychotherapy and the PIN-CODES group received both interventions. Results: Mixed Factorial ANOVA results showed that PIN-CODES was more effective in reducing MD symptoms compared to other interventions. Long-term effect of interventions (after one month) was observed after PIN-CODES. Mindreading ability was also significantly improved after the STPP and PIN-CODES but not tDCS. Conclusions: Our pilot study proposes a promising research avenue for future studies to apply the PIN-CODES paradigm with other psychological interventions for decoding MD difficulties more effectively and long-term. Keywords: Major depression; Transcranial direct current stimulation; Psychodynamic psychotherapy; Treatment efficacy; Theory of mind; Social cognition; Prefrontal cortex.
Treatment for Negative Symptoms in Schizophrenia: A Comprehensive Review$$$ Negative symptoms (such as amotivation and diminished expression) associated with schizophrenia are a major health concern. Adequate treatment would mean important progress with respect to quality of life and participation in society. Distinguishing primary from secondary negative symptoms may inform treatment options. Primary negative symptoms are part of schizophrenia. Well-known sources of secondary negative symptoms are psychotic symptoms, disorganisation, anxiety, depression, chronic abuse of illicit drugs and alcohol, an overly high dosage of antipsychotic medication, social deprivation, lack of stimulation and hospitalisation. We present an overview of reviews and meta-analyses of double-blind, controlled randomised trials, in which the efficacy of pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions for negative symptoms was assessed. Unfortunately, there have been very few clinical trials focusing on primary negative symptoms and selecting chronically ill patients with predominant persistent negative symptoms. An important limitation in many of these studies is the failure to adequately control for potential sources of secondary negative symptoms. At present, there is no convincing evidence regarding efficacy for any treatment of predominant persistent primary negative symptoms. However, for several interventions there is short-term evidence of efficacy for negative symptoms. This evidence has mainly been obtained from studies in chronically ill patients with residual symptoms and studies with a heterogeneous study population of patients in both the acute and chronic phase. Unfortunately, reliable information regarding the distinction between primary and secondary negative symptoms is lacking. Currently, early treatment of psychosis, add-on therapy with aripiprazole, antidepressants or topiramate, music therapy and exercise have been found to be useful for unspecified negative symptoms. These interventions can be considered carefully in a shared decision-making process with patients, and are promising enough to be examined in large, well-designed long-term studies focusing on primary negative symptoms. Future research should be aimed at potential therapeutic interventions for primary negative symptoms since there is a lack of research in this field.
Behavioral Emergencies: Special Considerations in the Geriatric Psychiatric Patient$$$ This article reviews psychiatric considerations and common psychiatric emergencies in the elderly. The elderly are vulnerable to medication side-effects because of pharmacokinetic changes from aging, and require lower doses and slower titration. They are a high-risk group for suicide, with more serious intent, fewer warning signs, and more lethality. Prompt diagnosis and treatment of delirium in emergency settings is essential, given association with worse outcomes when undiagnosed. Pharmacologic options with demonstrable efficacy for agitation in dementia are limited to antipsychotics, which are, however, associated with an increased risk of mortality; behavioral interventions are universally recommended as first-line measures.
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation associated with hypocaloric diet in subjects with different degrees of glucose tolerance$$$ Background and aims: Non-adherence to lifestyle modifications is an important determinant of failure to treat obesity. The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) plays an important role in appetite and food intake regulation and may be a target for electric brain stimulation, a new treatment modality that has been used in diseases such as depression and drug addiction. The aim of this study was to test the effect of active anodal tDCS (a-tDCS) over the right DLPFC (rDLPFC) associated with a hypocaloric diet on weight loss in overweight or obese adults with different degrees of glucose tolerance. Materials and methods: In this randomized, placebo-controlled, doubleblind pilot study, 9 overweight or obese adults with different degrees of glucose tolerance (NGT: normal glucose tolerance, IGM: impaired glucose metabolism, T2D: type 2 diabetes), aged 20-50 years, completed a 4- week (20 sessions) of fixed-dose tDCS (2mA, 20 min). Subjects were randomized in a 1:1 ratio to receive one of two types of intervention: (1) active a-tDCS + hypocaloric diet (Active), or (2) sham a-tDCS + hypocaloric diet (Sham), both delivered over the rDLPFC. To determine body mass index (BMI, in Kg/m2), body weight (BW, in kg) and height (m) was assessed at baseline (t0), and BWat visits 5 (t5), 10 (t10), 15 (t15), 20 (t20), and at the last visit of the study (tF); blood samples was collected for an 2-h OGTT, a standard 4-h meal tolerance test ([MTT], glucose and insulin measurements) and HbA1c determination at t0 and tF. The selfreported Beck Depression Inventory ([BDI], score range 0-63, higher scores indicating worse mood) questionnaire was administered at t0 and tF. Changes in BMI and BW were analyzed with generalized estimating equations (GEE) and Bonferroni post-hoc testing for normally distributed continuous variables; descriptive statistics are reported as means±SD or %. Results: 9 subjects completed the study on this interim analysis (female 66.7%, obese 66.7%, mean age 38.3±4.8 years, BMI 30.9±2.5 kg/m2, IGM 11.1%, T2D 11.1%). Reduction of BW and BMI was respectively greater in the Active than in the Sham group (GEE, p=0.009 and p<0.001). Weight changes over the time (tF-t0; mean±SE) were -2.8±0.5 Kg for Active and -1.7±0.8 Kg for Sham. Changes over the time in BMI (tF-t0; mean±SE) were -1.0±0.2 kg/m2 in the Active group and -0.6±0.3 kg/m2 in the Sham group. Although there was a greater reduction in the AUC for glucose (GEE: p=0.091) and insulin (GEE: p=0.062) from t0 to tF in the Active vs Sham group during the MTT, these changes did not reach statistical differences. There was a greater reduction in Active compared to Sham in BDI scores over the 4-week intervention (mean±SE; Active: t0=10.0±2.2; tF=2.2±1.2 vs Sham: t0=6.2±1.4; tF=6.0±1.6, GEE, p=0.016). Conclusion: This preliminary analysis suggests that repetitive active atDCS may be a promising non-invasive technique that could be used to increase weight reduction and improve BDI scores in overweight or obese individuals with different degrees of glucose tolerance on a low-calorie diet.
Large-field repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of fibromyalgia: An open label, pilot study of 21 patients$$$ Objectives To evaluate the effectiveness of “large field” repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in fibromyalgia. A multidimensional assessment has been conducted with the numerical rating pain scale as main criteria and the FIQ, MFI-20, HAD and WPI - SSS scores as secondary criteria. Methods A monocentric, open clinical trial conducted in neurophysiology with patients suffering from fibromyalgia consulting at Pain department of the university hospital of Rouen between November 2014 and June 2016. The patients were included on the basis of the FiRST, the ACR 1990 and ACR 2010 criteria. Data were collected on self-reported questionnaires at D1, D7, D15 and D30 (numerical rating pain, FIQ, HAD, MFI - 20 and WPI - SSS scores). A clinical assessment including a research of the Yunus points was conducted at D1 and D30. Three sessions of transcranial magnetic stimulations, on 5 to 8 days were conducted for each patient. The sessions included 30 stimulations, renewed 3 times, for a total of 90 stimulations per sessions. Results Twenty-one patients were included. Numerical rating pain scale, FIQ and HAD anxiety had significantly improved at D7 (P = 0.004, P = 0.007 and P = 0.049 respectively) with a maintenance of efficacy at D30. Pain improvement at D30 could be noticed both in the emotional and sensory characteristics on McGill Pain Questionnaire (P = 0.02). The WPI improved significantly at D7 (P = 0.049) but this improvement disappeared during the follow-up. MFI improvement was delayed compared to the stimulations (D30, P = 0.04) and a similar delay could be observed in the improvement of HAD depression score (D15, P = 0.007 and D30, P = 0.049). Conclusion “Large field” repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation allowed an improvement in fibromyalgia patients in multiple dimensions studied. A randomized controlled clinical trial should be conducted to confirm these preliminary results.
Does a single session of electroconvulsive therapy alter the neural response to emotional faces in depression? A randomised sham-controlled functional magnetic resonance imaging study$$$ Negative neurocognitive bias is a core feature of major depressive disorder that is reversed by pharmacological and psychological treatments. This double-blind functional magnetic resonance imaging study investigated for the first time whether electroconvulsive therapy modulates negative neurocognitive bias in major depressive disorder. Patients with major depressive disorder were randomised to one active (n=15) or sham electroconvulsive therapy (n=12). The following day they underwent whole-brain functional magnetic resonance imaging at 3T while viewing emotional faces and performed facial expression recognition and dot-probe tasks. A single electroconvulsive therapy session had no effect on amygdala response to emotional faces. Whole-brain analysis revealed no effects of electroconvulsive therapy versus sham therapy after family-wise error correction at the cluster level, using a cluster-forming threshold of Z>3.1 (p<0.001) to secure family-wise error <5%. Groups showed no differences in behavioural measures, mood and medication. Exploratory cluster-corrected whole-brain analysis (Z>2.3; p<0.01) revealed electroconvulsive therapy-induced changes in parahippocampal and superior frontal responses to fearful versus happy faces as well as in fear-specific functional connectivity between amygdala and occipito-temporal regions. Across all patients, greater fear-specific amygdala - occipital coupling correlated with lower fear vigilance. Despite no statistically significant shift in neural response to faces after a single electroconvulsive therapy session, the observed trend changes after a single electroconvulsive therapy session point to an early shift in emotional processing that may contribute to antidepressant effects of electroconvulsive therapy.
Anti-inflammatory treatments for mood disorders: Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Recent studies suggest that anti-inflammatory medication may play a role in the treatment of mood disorders. Aims: The purpose of this study was to determine the efficacy of anti-inflammatory drugs in patients with major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder. Method: The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, PubMed, EMBASE, PsychINFO and Clinicaltrials.gov were searched from inception until 15 April 2017 for completed and on-going randomized controlled trials of anti-inflammatory agents for major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder. Data from randomized controlled trials assessing the antidepressant and anti-manic effect of adjunctive mechanistically diverse anti-inflammatory agents were pooled to determine standard mean differences (SMDs) compared with placebo and/or treatment as usual. Results: Patients receiving anti-inflammatory agents showed lower post-treatment depressive symptom scores compared with those receiving placebo with a standard mean difference of -0.71 (six randomized controlled trials, n=214, 95% CI -1.24 to -0.17, p=0.009). Anti-inflammatory treatment was found to reduce post-treatment manic symptom scores with a standard mean difference of -0.72 (three randomized controlled trials, n=96, 95% CI -1.31 to -0.13, p=0.02). Anti-inflammatories did not show a statistically significant improvement in the secondary outcome measure (change in symptom scores from baseline to outcome). Conclusions: Further high quality trials are needed before making recommendations for the routine clinical use of anti-inflammatories in the treatment of mood disorders.
Serotonin and brain function: A tale of two receptors$$$ Previous attempts to identify a unified theory of brain serotonin function have largely failed to achieve consensus. In this present synthesis, we integrate previous perspectives with new and older data to create a novel bipartite model centred on the view that serotonin neurotransmission enhances two distinct adaptive responses to adversity, mediated in large part by its two most prevalent and researched brain receptors: the 5-HT1A and 5-HT2A receptors. We propose that passive coping (i.e. tolerating a source of stress) is mediated by postsynaptic 5-HT1AR signalling and characterised by stress moderation. Conversely, we argue that active coping (i.e. actively addressing a source of stress) is mediated by 5-HT2AR signalling and characterised by enhanced plasticity (defined as capacity for change). We propose that 5-HT1AR-mediated stress moderation may be the brain's default response to adversity but that an improved ability to change one's situation and/or relationship to it via 5-HT2AR-mediated plasticity may also be important - and increasingly so as the level of adversity reaches a critical point. We propose that the 5-HT1AR pathway is enhanced by conventional 5-HT reuptake blocking antidepressants such as the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), whereas the 5-HT2AR pathway is enhanced by 5-HT2AR-agonist psychedelics. This bipartite model purports to explain how different drugs (SSRIs and psychedelics) that modulate the serotonergic system in different ways, can achieve complementary adaptive and potentially therapeutic outcomes.
Effect of intermediate dose dexamethasone on post-operative pain in lumbar spine surgery: A randomized, triple-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objectives Dexamethasone has demonstrated analgesic properties and is used as an adjunctive pain agent for many procedures. We evaluated the efficacy of a single, intermediate dose of dexamethasone on post-operative analgesic consumption, and pain scores for lumbar spine surgery. Methods Eighty patients aged between 18 and 70 scheduled for lumbar decompressive laminectomy were randomly allocated into two groups to receive either intravenous 0.2 mg/kg dexamethasone (group D = 40) or normal saline (group P = 40) before anesthetic induction. Post-operative total morphine consumption and the respective pain score at the PACU, 4, 6, 12, 24 and 48 h were evaluated. In addition, any adverse events were recorded. Results Total post-operative morphine consumption within 48 h was significantly lower in group D (34.5 vs. 42.5 mg, p = 0.031); however, the respective morphine consumption at each assessment was similar between groups. The respective NRS pain score at rest and upon movement in both groups was not significantly different for any time comparison. The average NRS pain score at rest and upon movement within 48 h was similar in both groups (i.e., NRS at rest Group D 3.6 vs. Group P 3.8, p = 0.936, and NRS for movement Group D 6.2 vs. Group P 6.3, p = 0.791). The adverse events within 48 h were also similar and serious complications (i.e., respiratory depression or surgical infection) were not found in either group. Conclusion A single, intermediate dose of dexamethasone before anesthetic induction could minimally decrease post-operative morphine consumption within 48 h after lumbar decompressive laminectomy without any effect on the pain score.
Meta-analysis of the antidepressant effects of acute sleep deprivation$$$ Objective: To provide a quantitative meta-analysis of the antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation to complement qualitative reviews addressing response rates. Data Sources: English-language studies from 1974 to 2016 using the keywords sleep deprivation and depression searched through PubMed and PsycINFO databases. Study Selection: A total of 66 independent studies met criteria for inclusion: conducted experimental sleep deprivation, reported the percentage of the sample that responded to sleep deprivation, provided a priori definition of antidepressant response, and did not seamlessly combine sleep deprivation with other therapies (eg, chronotherapeutics, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation). Data Extraction: Data extracted included percentage of responders, type of sample (eg, bipolar, unipolar), type of sleep deprivation (eg, total, partial), demographics, medication use, type of outcome measure used, and definition of response (eg, 30% reduction in depression ratings). Data were analyzed with meta-analysis of proportions and a Poisson mixed-effects regression model. Results: The overall response rate to sleep deprivation was 45% among studies that utilized a randomized control group and 50% among studies that did not. The response to sleep deprivation was not affected significantly by the type of sleep deprivation performed, the nature of the clinical sample, medication status, the definition of response used, or age and gender of the sample. Conclusions: These findings support a significant effect of sleep deprivation and suggest the need for future studies on the phenotypic nature of the antidepressant response to sleep deprivation, on the neurobiological mechanisms of action, and on moderators of the sleep deprivation treatment response in depression.
Effectiveness of supplementary cognitive-behavioral therapy for pharmacotherapy-resistant depression: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Antidepressant medication is efficacious in the treatment of depression, but not all patients improve with antidepressant medication alone. Despite this treatment gap, limited evidence regarding the effectiveness of supplementing psychotherapy for pharmacotherapy-resistant depression is available. Therefore, we investigated the effectiveness of supplementing usual medication management (treatment as usual [TAU]) with cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) in patients with pharmacotherapy-resistant depression seeking psychiatric specialty care. Methods: A 16-week assessor-masked randomized controlled trial with a 12-month follow-up was conducted in 1 university hospital and 1 psychiatric hospital from September 2008 to December 2014. Outpatients aged 20-65 years with pharmacotherapy-resistant depression (taking antidepressant medications for ≥ 8 weeks, 17-item GRID-Hamilton Depression Rating Scale [GRID-HDRS17] score ≥ 16, Maudsley Staging Method for treatment-resistant depression score ≥ 3, and DSM-IV criteria for major depressive disorder) were randomly assigned (1:1) to CBT combined with TAU or to TAU alone. The primary outcome was the alleviation of depressive symptoms, as measured by change in the total GRID-HDRS17 score from baseline to 16 weeks; primary analysis was done on an intention-to-treat basis. Results: A total of 80 patients were randomized; 78 (97.5%) were assessed for the primary outcome, and 73 (91.3%) were followed up for 12 months. Supplementary CBT significantly alleviated depressive symptoms at 16 weeks, as shown by greater least squares mean changes in GRID-HDRS17 scores in the intervention group than in the control group (-12.7 vs -7.4; difference = -5.4; 95% CI, -8.1 to -2.6; P <.001), and the treatment effect was maintained for at least 12 months (-15.4 vs -11.0; difference = -4.4; 95% CI, -7.2 to -1.6; P =.002). Conclusions: Patients with pharmacotherapy-resistant depression treated in psychiatric specialty care settings may benefit from supplementing usual medication management with CBT.
Antidepressant exposure during pregnancy and risk of autism in the offspring, 1: Meta-review of meta-analyses$$$ There are no randomized controlled trials of antidepressant drugs to treat depression, or to prevent relapse into depression, during pregnancy; therefore, the safety of antidepressant drug exposure during pregnancy is based on evidence from case-control or cohort studies. Many of these observational studies, during the past decade, examined the risk of autism spectrum disorder (ASD) in exposed offspring. Different studies using different methods and examining different periods of antidepressant exposure before and during pregnancy obtained different results. Studies with adverse outcomes were highlighted in the mass media, whereas those with reassuring outcomes were mostly ignored. Meta-analyses were conducted to reconcile the findings of the different studies and determine the magnitude of the effect size. In the last year or so, at least 6 such meta-analyses examined the effects of antidepressant exposure during pregnancy on the risk of ASD in the offspring. The meta-analyses set different study selection criteria and employed different methods of analysis to address different objectives. The findings across meta-analyses have been reasonably consistent. Antidepressant exposure during pregnancy is associated with an increased risk of ASD in the offspring. The risk is decreased after adjusting for confounding variables and is mostly no longer statistically significant after adjusting for maternal mental illness. Additionally, antidepressant exposure is associated with an increased risk of ASD in the offspring even when exposure is limited to the preconception period, when the drugs cannot have a physiological effect on the fetus. These findings suggest that maternal mental illness is an important determinant of the risk of ASD associated with antidepressant exposure during pregnancy.
Stimulation parameters of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders - Protocols and localization$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation constitutes one of recently developed methods in the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders. The most common use is currently being found in therapy of the depressive spectrum as well as tinnitus, but recent studies have proved its benefits in a wide range of other neuropsychiatric diseases. Currently the most common and the most researched area of application is the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, even though with ongoing discoveries of its possibilities there comes a plethora of newly researched areas. The effect of most common therapeutic uses is well proven in comparison to placebo. The exact mechanism of its effect remains unclear, yet extensive research is also focused in this particular direction.
How effective is algorithm-guided treatment for depressed inpatients? results from the randomized controlled multicenter German algorithm project 3 trial$$$ Background: Treatment algorithms are considered as key to improve outcomes by enhancing the quality of care. This is the first randomized controlled study to evaluate the clinical effect of algorithm-guided treatment in inpatients with major depressive disorder.Methods: Inpatients, aged 18 to 70 years with major depressive disorder from 10 German psychiatric departments were randomized to 5 different treatment arms (from 2000 to 2005), 3 of which were standardized stepwise drug treatment algorithms (ALGO). The fourth arm proposed medications and provided less specific recommendations based on a computerized documentation and expert system (CDES), the fifth arm received treatment as usual (TAU). ALGO included 3 different second-step strategies: Lithium augmentation (ALGO LA), antidepressant dose-escalation (ALGO DE), and switch to a different antidepressant (ALGO SW). Time to remission (21-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale .9) was the primary outcome. Results: Time to remission was significantly shorter for ALGO DE (n = 91) compared with both TAU (n = 84) (HR = 1.67; P = .014) and CDES (n = 79) (HR = 1.59; P = .031) and ALGO SW (n = 89) compared with both TAU (HR = 1.64; P = .018) and CDES (HR = 1.56; P = .038). For both ALGO LA (n = 86) and ALGO DE, fewer antidepressant medications were needed to achieve remission than for CDES or TAU (P < .001). Remission rates at discharge differed across groups; ALGO DE had the highest (89.2%) and TAU the lowest rates (66.2%). Conclusions: A highly structured algorithm-guided treatment is associated with shorter times and fewer medication changes to achieve remission with depressed inpatients than treatment as usual or computerized medication choice guidance.
Non-invasive brain stimulation and computational models in post-stroke aphasic patients: Single session of transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation. A randomized clinical trial$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Patients undergoing the same neuromodulation protocol may present different responses. Computational models may help in understanding such differences. The aims of this study were, firstly, to compare the performance of aphasic patients in naming tasks before and after one session of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and sham, and analyze the results between these neuromodulation techniques; and secondly, through computational model on the cortex and surrounding tissues, to assess current flow distribution and responses among patients who received tDCS and presented different levels of results from naming tasks. DESIGN AND SETTING: Prospective, descriptive, qualitative and quantitative, double blind, randomized and placebo-controlled study conducted at Faculdade de Ciências Médicas da Santa Casa de São Paulo. METHODS: Patients with aphasia received one session of tDCS, TMS or sham stimulation. The time taken to name pictures and the response time were evaluated before and after neuromodulation. Selected patients from the first intervention underwent a computational model stimulation procedure that simulated tDCS. RESULTS: The results did not indicate any statistically significant differences from before to after the stimulation. The computational models showed different current flow distributions. CONCLUSIONS: The present study did not show any statistically significant difference between tDCS, TMS and sham stimulation regarding naming tasks. The patients’ responses to the computational model showed different patterns of current distribution.
The effect of naltrexone on memory deficit followed by electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is famously known as a treatment for depression; however, memory impairments have always been a point of concern. The use of opioid antagonists may protect against the development of memory deficits after ECT. The current study aimed at assessing the effect of Naltrexone in diminishing memory impairments. Methods: This randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial took place at Imam Hossein hospital of Tehran/Iran. Patients diagnosed withMDD, were assigned to either Naltrexone or placebo and received 6 sessions of ECT within 2 weeks.Wechsler Memory Scale was performed the day before the first session of ECT, as well as 2 weeks, 1 and 3 months after finishing the 6th session. The Hamilton depression rating scale was performed 2 times to examine the possible interference caused by depression or to relapse as a confounding variable. Results: Patients receiving Naltrexone and placebo showed no significant difference in WMS scores. However, after further assessment, changes of WMS scores in every round were compared; the results showed that after 2 weeks from baseline, the amount of the reduction of total WMS scores from baseline was significantly lower in the Naltrexone group (P = 0.04). Conclusions: This study suggests that Naltrexone as compared to placebo has no advantageous effect on attenuating memory deficits in the long term. It is a smaller degree of memory decline that makes Naltrexone superior to placebo.
Electroconvulsive therapy for depression in Parkinson disease$$$ Objective: We performed a systematic review of evidence regarding treatment of depression in Parkinson disease (PD) using electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Background: Depression in PD is highly prevalent (35%according to a recent systematic review) but often unrecognized and undertreated. Medications and psychotherapy have not been extensively investigated for treatment of depression in PD. Nonpharmacological treatment options such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and ECT have been described as being useful in this condition but have not found their way into treatment algorithms, likely for a variety of reasons including stigma associated with ECT, concerns about cognitive adverse effects of ECT, and lack of randomized controlled trials examining this treatment option. Design/Methods: We searched available literature to find relevant articles discussing use of ECT in treatment of depression and PD. We included 43 articles in the final analysis,mainly case reports or case series, with the largest number of patients totaling 19. Results: The analysis included 116 patients with depression and PD; depression improved in 93.1%. Where motor symptoms' severity was reported, 83% of patients improved. Cognition did not worsen in most (94%). Many patients experienced delirium or transient confusion, sometimes necessitating discontinuation of ECT. Little is known about maintenance ECT in this population. Conclusions: Electroconvulsive therapy can benefit patients experiencing PD and depression, potentially also benefiting motor symptoms of PD. We recommend an algorithm for treatment of depression in PD, using ECT sooner rather than later.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting-state network targeting for depression in traumatic brain injury$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to investigate the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeted with individualized resting-state networkmapping (RSNM) of dorsal attention network (DAN) and defaultmode network (DMN) in subjects with treatment-resistant depression associated with traumatic brain injury (TBI). Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has demonstrated antidepressant efficacy but has not been tested in depression-Associated TBI. Although functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) has been suggested as a method for targeting rTMS, it is limited by reliance on group-mean connectivity maps from healthy control subjects, which may not be applicable to individual patients with neuropsychiatric disorders. Methods: Subjects with TRD and TBI received resting-state fMRI scans with individual-level RSNM based on a machine-learning algorithm that classifies networks based on known interindividual variability. Subjects were randomized to 20 sessions of bilateral rTMS treatment (4000 left-sided excitatory pulses, 1000 right-sided inhibitory pulses) or sham. Treatment was targeted to the dorsolateral prefrontal cluster with maximal difference between DAN and DMN correlations. Pre-And posttreatment testing included Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale and resting-state fMRI. Results: Preliminary data from the first 7 subjects showed mean Montgomery- Asberg Depression Rating Scale improvement of 63%± 10%(n = 5) with active treatment and 30% ± 11% (n = 2) with sham. Active treatment was associated with increased anticorrelation between subgenual anterior cingulate cortex and DAN, increased correlation between subgenual anterior cingulate cortex and DMN, and increased cortico-limbic-striatal connectivity. Conclusions: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation targeted based on RSNM seems to cause mood effects and neural network dynamics reflecting the expected changes based on the stimulated networks.We are currently collecting additional data in a larger sample.
The role of patient expectancy and social desirability in treatment outcomes of electroconvulsive therapy for depression: An assessment of placebo effects in the current practice of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: This study aims to assess placebo effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in a naturalistic cohort of depressed patients using patient expectancy and social desirability.We hypothesize that these predictors will influence ECT response only in the early phase of the treatment course and resolve when the biological effects of the ECT take predominance. Background: Nonspecific effects, also called placebo effects, play a role in most medical therapies. These include regression to the mean, expectancy, and social desirability. However, these factors have not been examined in setting of modern ECT. Methods: Mini-International Neuropsychiatric Interview Plus 6.0 was used to screen patients with unipolar or bipolar depression starting ECT. The Therapy Evaluation Questionnaire (TEQ) (a measure of expectancy) and 16-item Social Desirability Scale (SDS) were administered at baseline. The 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) and Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology Self-Report (IDS-SR) were performed at baseline and before each subsequent treatment. Results: Ten subjects completed the study. The TEQ and SDS were not correlated with the ΔHRSD or ΔIDS-SR when examined with Pearson correlation. With repeated measure analysis of variance, TEQ significantly influenced the ΔHRSD (but not ΔIDS-SR) only after the first ECT treatment (r2 = 0.58, coefficient = 0.817, P = 0.032). The SDS influence on ΔHRSD/ΔIDS-SR was not significant. Conclusions: Preliminary data suggest that patient expectancy, but not social desirability, influences ECT antidepressant response after the first treatment. This effect is lost in subsequent treatments and final outcome, supporting the hypothesis that placebo factors affect ECToutcome for patients with depression only in the early phase of the treatment course.
International Society for ECT and Neurostimulation Annual Meeting Abstracts 2017$$$ The proceedings contain 25 papers. The topics discussed include: cortisol trajectory and clinical features as predictors of ECT response; electroconvulsive therapy for depression in Parkinson disease; ECT is effective and improves cognitive outcomes in schizophrenia: a naturalistic study of treating schizophrenia with electroconvulsive therapy; pre- and postclerkship knowledge, perceptions, and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapy in medical students; transcranial direct current stimulation combined with cognitive training in patients with neuropsychiatric disorders; propofol dependence: a case report initiated after electroconvulsive therapy treatment and a systematic review; implementation of family-centered care for electroconvulsive therapy in an ambulatory clinic in brazil; the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on p50 sensory gating and auditory hallucination in patients with schizophrenia: a pilot study; individualized precision targeting of resting-state networks with transcranial magnetic stimulation; efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with concurrent cognitive behavioral therapy on treatment-resistant depression; repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with resting-state network targeting for depression in traumatic brain injury; comparison of seizures induced by midline electrode placement versus traditional placements: a pilot study; electroconvulsive therapy post-eye surgery: case report and literature review; and the role of patient expectancy and social desirability in treatment outcomes of electroconvulsive therapy for depression: an assessment of placebo effects in the current practice of electroconvulsive therapy.
Effects of electroconvulsive therapy on amygdala function in major depression - a longitudinal functional magnetic resonance imaging study$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for severe depression. However, little is known regarding brain functional processes mediating ECT effects.
Cortical voluntary activation testing methodology impacts central fatigue$$$ PURPOSE: Currently, cortical voluntary activation (VATMS) is assessed by superimposing transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) on a maximal voluntary contraction (MVC), 75% MVC and 50% MVC, each contraction being interspersed with 5-10 s of relaxation. Here, we assessed whether this traditional approach (TRADI) underestimates central fatigue due to this short recovery compared to a continuous method (CONTI).
The use of ketamine in ECT anaesthesia: A systematic review and critical commentary on efficacy, cognitive, safety and seizure outcomes$$$ Objectives: This review will discuss ECT efficacy and cognitive outcomes when using ketamine as an ECT anaesthetic compared to other anaesthetics, taking into account important moderator variables that have often not been considered to date. It will also include information on safety and other ECT outcomes (seizure threshold and quality). Methods: A systematic search through MEDLINE, PubMed, PsychINFO, Cochrane Databases and reference lists from retrieved articles was performed. Search terms were: “ketamine” and “Electroconvulsive Therapy”, from 1995 to September 2016. Meta-analyses, randomised controlled trials, open-label and retrospective studies published in English of depressed samples receiving ECT with ketamine anaesthesia were included (n = 24). Results: Studies were heterogeneous in the clinical populations included and ECT treatment and anaesthetic methods. Frequently, studies did not report on ECT factors (i.e., pulse-width, treatment schedule). Findings regarding efficacy were mixed. Tolerance from repeated use may explain why several studies found that ketamine enhanced efficacy early in the ECT course but not at the end. The majority of studies did not comprehensively examine cognition and adverse effects were not systematically studied. Only a minority of the studies reported on seizure threshold and expression. Conclusions: The routine use of ketamine anaesthesia for ECT in clinical settings cannot yet be recommended based on published data. Larger randomised controlled trials, taking into account moderator variables, specifically reporting on ECT parameters and systematically assessing outcomes are encouraged.
Abnormal functional connectivity within resting-state networks is related to rTMS-based therapy effects of treatment resistant depression: A pilot study$$$ Background Treatment resistant depression (TRD) remains a clinical challenge, and finding biomarkers that predict treatment response are a long sought goal to precisely indicate treatments. This pilot study aims to characterize brain dysfunction in TRD patients who underwent rTMS to define neuroimaging biomarkers that discriminate non-responders (NR) from responders (R). Methods 20 TRD patients who underwent a course of rTMS to the left DLPFC were categorized into R and NR groups based on a >50% reduction in HRSD scores. Utilizing resting-state fMRI and ICA techniques, this study compared baseline RSNs of R vs. NR as well as TRD vs. healthy volunteer group. Regression analysis was conducted to link regions with clinical improvements. ROC analysis was further conducted to confirm the utility of the identified regions in classifying the patients. Results Prior to treatment, non-responders displayed hyper-connectivity in ACC/VMPFC, PCC/pC, dACC and insula within RSNs that have been associated with MDD pathology. Regression results showed that regions associated with clinical improvements overlapped largely with regions that showed aberrant connectivity. ACC/VMPFC, dACC and left insula, which are hub regions of DMN and SN, exhibited excellent performance (highest sensitivity=100% and highest specificity=82%) in discriminating the response status of the patients. Limitations Relatively small sample size. Conclusions Our findings provide insight into fMRI predictive measures of treatment response to rTMS treatment, and demonstrate the potential of RSNs-based biomarkers in predicting response to rTMS treatment. Future studies are needed to validate the application of these measures to inform individual treatment indications.
Randomized controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with paroxetine for the treatment of patients with first-episode major depressive disorder$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been introduced as a new and effective treatment option for major depression. This paper examined the effectiveness of rTMS on first episode depressed patients when combined with antidepressant drugs. A random sample of forty-three first-episode depressed patients received active or sham rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and concomitantly took paroxetine for 4 weeks, and paroxetine monotherapy for 4 weeks afterwards. Response was defined as a ≥50% decrease on the total Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) from the baseline, and remission was defined as an HDRS total residual score <8. The dosage of paroxetine was the average dose per day in each week. Repeated-measures ANOVA revealed a significant improvement in the HDRS with active compared with sham rTMS from the end of the 1st week to the 4th week. At the end of the 4th week, response rate was 95.5% with active and 71.4% with sham rTMS, remission rate was 68.2% with active and 38.1% with sham rTMS, while these significant differences disappeared at the endpoint of the study. These findings indicate that rTMS at 10-Hz accelerated the onset of action and augmented the response to paroxetine for first-episode depressed patients.
Transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) for bipolar depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective Bipolar disorder (BD) is a severe and recurrent brain disorder that can manifest in manic or depressive episodes. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as a novel therapeutic modality for patients experiencing bipolar depression, for which standard treatments are often inefficient. While several studies have been conducted in this patient group, there has been no systematic review or meta-analysis that specifically examines bipolar depression. We aimed to address this gap in the literature and evaluated the efficacy and tolerability of tDCS in patients fulfilling DSM-IV-TR criteria for BD I, II, or BD not otherwise specified (NOS). Methods We systematically searched the literature from April 2002 to November 2016 to identify relevant publications for inclusion in our systematic review and meta-analysis. Effect sizes for depression rating-scale scores were expressed as the standardized mean difference (SMD) before and after tDCS. Results Thirteen of 382 identified studies met eligibility criteria for our systematic review. The meta-analysis included 46 patients from 7 studies with depression rating-scale scores pre- and post-tDCS. Parameters of tDCS procedures were heterogeneous. Depression scores decreased significantly with a medium effect size after acute-phase of treatment (SMD 0.71 [0.25–1.18], z = 3.00, p = 0.003) and at the furthest endpoint (SMD 1.27 [0.57–1.97], z = 3.57, p = 0.0004). Six cases of affective switching under tDCS treatment protocols were observed. Conclusions Depressive symptoms respond to tDCS in patients with BD. Additional studies, and particularly randomized controlled trials, are needed to clarify the effectiveness of tDCS in bipolar depression, the frequency of tDCS-emergent hypomania/mania, and which tDCS modalities are most efficient.
Tranylcypromine in mind (Part II): Review of clinical pharmacology and meta-analysis of controlled studies in depression$$$ It has been over 50 years since a review has focused exclusively on the monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitor tranylcypromine (TCP). A new review has therefore been conducted for TCP in two parts which are written to be read preferably in close conjunction: part I – pharmacodynamics, pharmacokinetics, drug interactions, toxicology; and part II – clinical studies with meta-analysis of controlled studies in depression, practice of TCP treatment, place in therapy. The irreversible and nonselective MAO-A/B inhibitor TCP has been confirmed as an efficacious and safe antidepressant drug. For the first time, a meta-analysis of controlled clinical trials in depression demonstrated that TCP is superior to placebo (pooled logOR = 0.509, 95%CI = 0.026 to 0.993, 4 studies) and equal to other antidepressants (pooled logOR = 0.208, 95%CI = −0.128 to 0.544, 10 studies). In treatment resistant depression (TRD) after tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), TCP was superior to placebo (logOR = 2.826, 95%CI = 1.494 to 4.158, one study) and non-established antidepressants (pooled logOR = 1.976, 95%CI = 0.907 to 3.045, 4 studies), and was equal to other MAO inhibitors and an antidepressant combination (pooled logOR = −0.366, 95%CI = −0.869 to 0.137, 4 studies). Controlled studies revealed that TCP might provide a special advantage in the treatment of atypical depression, which was supported by a recent PET study of MAO-A activity in brain. However, TCP treatment remains beset with the need for a mandatory tyramine-restricted diet and is therefore limited to use as a third-line antidepressant according to recent treatment algorithms and guidelines for depression treatment. On the other hand, the effort needed to maintain a tyramine-restricted diet may have been overestimated in the perception of both doctors and patients, which may have led to relative underuse of TCP. Interaction with serotonergic drugs bears the risk of severe serotonin toxicity (SST) and combination with indirect sympathomimetic drugs may result in hypertensive crisis which both adds to the risks of TCP. At the same time, TCP has low to no risks of central anticholinergic, sedative, cardiac conduction, body weight, hemostatic effects, or pharmacokinetic drug interactions. Neuroprotection by MAO inhibitors due to reduced oxidative stress is becoming increasingly studied. Taken together, TCP is being increasingly recognized as an important option in systematic treatment approaches for patients suffering from severe courses of depression, such as TRD and atypical depression, by offering a MAO-related pathophysiological rationale.
The efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for improving apathy in chronic stroke patients$$$ Although repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for hemiparesis is beneficial, so far no study has examined the usefulness of rTMS for apathy. Thirteen patients with chronic stroke were assigned randomly to 2 groups: rTMS group (n = 7) and sham stimulation group (n = 6). The patients received 5 sessions of either high-frequency rTMS over the region spanning from the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC) to medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) or sham stimulation for 5 days. The severity of apathy was evaluated using the Apathy Scale (AS) and the severity of depression was evaluated using the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS) serially before and after the 5-day protocol. The AS and QIDS scores were significantly improved in the rTMS group, although they were not changed in the sham stimulation group. The degree of change in the AS score was significantly greater in the rTMS group than that in the sham stimulation group. The degree of change in the QIDS score was greater in the rTMS group than that in the sham stimulation group, although the difference was not statistically significant. The application of high frequency rTMS over the dACC and mPFC may be a useful intervention for apathy due to stroke.
Update on the Epidemiology, Diagnosis, and Treatment of Mania in Older-Age Bipolar Disorder$$$ Purpose of Review: The population over age 60 is growing more rapidly than the general population. Given the projected increase and need for data that can inform treatment, this review provides a brief description of newer publications focused on mania in older-age bipolar disorder (OABD), including epidemiology, diagnosis, and treatments. Recent Findings: Age cutoffs to define OABD range from 50 to 65 years. OABD clinical presentation and course of illness is highly variable, often characterized by mood episode recurrence, medical comorbidity, cognitive deficits, and impaired functioning. There is little pharmacotherapy data on mania in OABD. Lithium and valproate have been tested in a single randomized controlled trial and there is data of more limited quality with other compounds. Summary: Treating OABD is challenging due to medical complexity, comorbidity, diminished tolerance to treatment, and a limited evidence base. More data is needed to keep pace with clinical demand.
Strategies for dementia prevention: latest evidence and implications$$$ Dementia is a common and debilitating syndrome with enormous impact on individuals and societies. Preventing disease onset or progression would translate to public health and societal benefits. In this review, we discuss the latest evidence on interventions that may show promise for the prevention of cognitive decline. We appraise existing evidence primarily drawn from randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses, but also highlight observational studies in humans and relevant work in model organisms. Overall, there is currently limited evidence to support a cause–effect relationship between any preventive strategy and the development or progression of dementia. However, studies to date suggest that a multifactorial intervention comprising regular exercise and healthy diet, along with the amelioration of vascular risk factors, psychosocial stress, and major depressive episodes may be most promising for the prevention of cognitive decline. We discuss the challenges, future directions, and implications of this line of research.
Existential cognitive therapy for terminal cancer patients with depression or demoralization: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Existential cognitive therapy (ECT) was designed for advanced or terminal cancer patients with depression or demoralization. The study aims to test the efficiency of the ECT for terminal cancer patients with depression or demoralization. The study was conducted at MacKay Hospice and Palliative Care Center. All inpatients were tested the Distress Thermometer (DT) by nurses. When the score of DT ≥ 5, the inpatients were invited by the research team (T0). The research assistant tested the Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9) and the Demoralization Scale-Mandarin Version (DS-MV) for the participants (T1). When the PHQ-9 ≥ 10 or the DS-MV ≥ 30 were found, the participants randomized to the ECT group and the treatment as usual group (TAU group). Both participants tested again after 2 sections of treatment (T2) and 4 sections (T3). There were 260 distress patients (DT ≥ 5). Excluding rejection and exclusion criteria, 43 accepted patients were randomized to the ECT group (n = 21) and the TAU group (n = 22). Because of transfer, discharge, or death, finally patients were 32 in T2 and 18 in T3. In the ECT group, the scores of mean at the 3 time points were 12.9 ± 5.2, 11.7 ± 6.9, and 11.0 ± 5.3 in PHQ-9, and 39.8 ± 18.6, 35.1 ± 21.8, and 34.4 ± 23.5 in DS-MV; in the TAU group, the scores were 10.6 ± 4.6, 9.6 ± 6.3, and 8.8 ± 5.4 in PHQ-9, and 32.1 ± 15.8, 32.6 ± 18.8, and 34.6 ± 17.2 in DS-MV. The primary effectiveness of the ECT seems potential for the terminal cancer patients with depression or demoralization. However, we need larger participants to validate the model.
The potential efficacy of GABAB antagonists in depression$$$ Evidence for the potential utility of GABAB antagonists has been assembled from a variety of sources, including clinical experience with the GABAB agonist baclofen, murine genetic GABAB knock-outs, rodent studies of GABAB receptor expression and function following treatment with antidepressant therapies, animal models of depression, and some functional and post mortem data from human subjects. Definitive testing of GABAB antagonists in depression, however, still awaits the development of potent, selective and brain-penetrant compounds for human testing.
Borderline Personality Disorder and Military Sexual Trauma: Analysis of Previous Traumatization and Current Psychiatric Presentation$$$ Military sexual trauma (MST) increases vulnerability for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Sexual trauma is also associated with increased risk for developing borderline personality disorder (BPD). Research has also documented a significant link between PTSD and BPD; however, there is a paucity of information examining this relationship among veterans with MST-related PTSD. In particular, we sought to examine whether comorbid BPD-PTSD compared with veterans with PTSD and no BPD resulted in increased PTSD and depression symptomatology. We also examined psychiatric, previous sexual trauma, and demographic factors to determine what-if any-factors were associated with comorbid BPD diagnosis. Using data from a recently conducted randomized clinical trial, we examined electronic medical records of the local Veterans Affairs Medical Center. Data from 90 veterans with MST-related PTSD were obtained. More than 22% ( n = 20) of the sample had a historical diagnosis of BPD. Participants were administered measures to assess psychiatric symptomatology (PTSD and depression), trauma-related negative cognitions (NCs), and previous sexual traumatization (e.g., childhood and civilian sexual exposure). An analysis of variance was conducted, which found that veterans with comorbid MST-related PTSD and BPD had significantly greater PTSD criterion B (avoidance) symptoms, depressive symptomatology, and NC scores than participants without comorbid BPD. In addition, a binary stepwise logistic regression found that veterans' BPD was also positively associated with NCs about self and the world; however, self-blame, depression, PTSD, sociodemographic variables (e.g., gender, age), and previous sexual traumatizations were not significant predictors. Implications are discussed with regard to clinical care and future research directions.
A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial on the role of preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen [paracetamol] in reducing headache following electroconvulsive therapy [ECT]$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and efficient treatment for several severe psychiatric disorders, but its use is limited by side effects. Post-ECT headache is one of the commonest side effects. Preemptive analgesia is effective in post-surgical pain management. The most commonly used analgesic is acetaminophen (paracetamol). However, acetaminophen as a preemptive analgesic for post-ECT headache has not been studied adequately. This study was conducted to compare the incidence and severity of post-ECT headache in patients who were administered acetaminophen pre-ECT with a placebo group. Methods: This study was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Sixty-three patients received 1 g acetaminophen and 63 patients received a placebo identical to acetaminophen. The incidence and severity of headache 2 h before and after ECT were compared between placebo and acetaminophen groups. The severity was measured using a visual analog scale. Generalised linear models were used to evaluate variables associated with post ECT headache. Results: Demographic and clinical variables of placebo and acetaminophen groups were comparable except for the energy level used to induce a seizure. Higher proportion of the placebo group (71.4%) experienced post-ECT headache when compared to the acetaminophen group (p < 0.001). The median pain score for headache was 0 (Inter quartile range: 0-2) in acetaminophen group whereas the score was 2 (IQR: 0-4) in placebo group (P < 0.001). Model fitting showed that the administration of acetaminophen is associated with less post-ECT headache (odds ratio = 0.23, 95% CI: 0.11-0.48, P < 0.001). Conclusion: A significant reduction was seen in both the incidence and severity of post-ECT headache with preemptive analgesia with acetaminophen. Trial registration: Ethical approval was granted by an Ethic review committee, University of Kelaniya, Sri Lanka (P/166/10/2015) and the trial was registered in the Sri Lanka Clinical Trials Registry (SLCTR/2015/27).
Impact of transcranial magnetic stimulation on functional movement disorders: Cortical modulation or a behavioral effect?$$$ Introduction: Recent studies suggest that repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) improves functional movement disorders (FMDs), but the underlying mechanisms are unclear. The objective was to determine whether the beneficial action of TMS in patients with FMDs is due to cortical neuromodulation or rather to a cognitive-behavioral effect. Method: Consecutive patients with FMDs underwent repeated low-frequency (0.25 Hz) magnetic stimulation over the cortex contralateral to the symptoms or over the spinal roots [root magnetic stimulation (RMS)] homolateral to the symptoms. The patients were randomized into two groups: group 1 received RMS on day 1 and TMS on day 2, while group 2 received the same treatments in reverse order. We blindly assessed the severity of movement disorders before and after each stimulation session. Results: We studied 33 patients with FMDs (dystonia, tremor, myoclonus, Parkinsonism, or stereotypies). The median symptom duration was 2.9 years. The magnetic stimulation sessions led to a significant improvement ( > 50%) in 22 patients (66%). We found no difference between TMS and RMS. Conclusion: We suggest that the therapeutic benefit of TMS in patients with FMDs is due more to a cognitive-behavioral effect than to cortical neuromodulation.
Impairment of Neuroplasticity in the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex by Alcohol$$$ Previous studies have demonstrated that alcohol consumption impairs neuroplasticity in the motor cortex. However, it is unknown whether alcohol produces a similar impairment of neuroplasticity in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), a brain region that plays an important role in cognitive functioning. The aim of the current study was to evaluate the effect of alcohol intoxication on neuroplasticity in the DLPFC. Paired associative stimulation (PAS) combined with electroencephalography (EEG) was used for the induction and measurement of associative LTP-like neuroplasticity in the DLPFC. Fifteen healthy subjects were administered PAS to the DLPFC following consumption of an alcohol (1.5 g/l of body water) or placebo beverage in a within-subject cross-over design. PAS induced neuroplasticity was indexed up to 60 minutes following PAS. Additionally, the effect of alcohol on PAS-induced potentiation of theta-gamma coupling (an index associated with learning and memory) was examined prior to and following PAS. Alcohol consumption resulted in a significant impairment of mean (t = 2.456, df = 13, p = 0.029) and maximum potentiation (t = -2.945, df = 13, p = 0.011) compared to the placebo beverage in the DLPFC and globally. Alcohol also suppressed the potentiation of theta-gamma coupling by PAS. Findings from the present study provide a potential neurophysiological mechanism for impairment of cognitive functioning by alcohol.
Efficacy of theta burst stimulation (TBS) for major depression: An exploratory meta-analysis of randomized and sham-controlled trials$$$ Theta burst stimulation (TBS) has been proposed as a novel treatment for major depression (MD). However, randomized and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) published to date have yielded heterogeneous clinical results and we have thus carried out the present systematic review and exploratory meta-analysis of RCTs to evaluate this issue. We searched the literature for RCTs on TBS for MD from January 2001 through September 2016 using MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, and CENTRAL. We then performed a random-effects meta-analysis with the main outcome measures including pre-post score changes in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) as well as rates of response, remission and dropout. Data were obtained from 5 RCTs, totalling 221 subjects with MD. The pooled Hedges' g for pre-post change in HAM-D scores was 1.0 (p = 0.003), indicating a significant and large-sized difference in outcome favouring active TBS. Furthermore, active TBS was associated with significantly higher response rates when compared to sham TBS (35.6% vs. 17.5%, respectively; p = 0.005), although the groups did not differ in terms of rates of remission (18.6% vs. 10.7%, respectively; p = 0.1) and dropout (4.2% vs. 7.8%, respectively; p = 0.5). Finally, subgroup analyses indicated that bilateral TBS and unilateral intermittent TBS seem to be the most promising protocols. In conclusion, although TBS is a promising novel therapeutic intervention for MD, future studies should identify more clinically-relevant stimulation parameters as well as neurobiological predictors of treatment outcome, and include larger sample sizes, active comparators and longer follow-up periods.
61% of unmedicated treatment resistant depression patients who did not respond to acute TMS treatment responded after four weeks of twice weekly deep TMS in the Brainsway pivotal trial$$$ Background An acute course of dTMS typically involves treatments delivered 5 days a week, for 4 weeks. Should more treatments be given if the patient has not responded? Data are needed to inform decisions about the best next steps for acute non-responders. Objective To characterize response among acute-phase non-responders in a randomized controlled trial of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) monotherapy for medication-resistant depression. Methods Summary statistics and Kaplan-Meier curves were used to characterize outcomes of 33 medication-free Brainsway™ dTMS non-responders to double blind but active treatment at the end of 4 weeks (20 sessions), who then continued double blind but active twice–weekly treatment for up to 12 additional weeks. Results 24 participants (72.7%) achieved responder status during at least one rating with dTMS continuation – 20 (60.6%) within four weeks, with 13 (39.4%) consistently meeting response criteria for the duration of the study. 20 (63.6%) achieved remission status at some point during treatment continuation. Conclusions A significant proportion of acute course non-responders to dTMS treatment eventually respond with continued treatment. Continuing TMS treatment beyond the acute course for non-responders may result in eventual response in over half of these individuals.
Effect of Dual-Mode and Dual-Site Noninvasive Brain Stimulation on Freezing of Gait in Patients With Parkinson Disease$$$ Objective To investigate the effect of dual-mode noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) with high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the primary motor cortex of the lower leg and anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex compared with rTMS alone in patients with Parkinson disease (PD) with freezing of gait (FOG). Design Randomized, double-blind, controlled study. Setting Outpatient rehabilitation clinics. Participants Patients diagnosed as having PD with FOG (N=32). Interventions Patients in the dual-mode group underwent 5 consecutive daily sessions of dual-mode NIBS with high-frequency rTMS and tDCS simultaneously, whereas patients in the rTMS group underwent high-frequency rTMS and sham tDCS. Main Outcome Measures Assessments of FOG and motor, ambulatory, and cognitive function were performed 3 times: at baseline before NIBS, immediately after NIBS, and 1 week after cessation of NIBS. Results Serious adverse effects were not observed in either group. Significant changes over time were observed in FOG, motor function, and ambulatory function in each group; however, there was no significant difference between the 2 groups. Executive function showed significant improvement after NIBS only in the dual-mode group. Conclusions These results suggest the potential for dual-mode NIBS to modulate 2 different cortices simultaneously. Dual-mode NIBS might be considered a novel therapeutic approach for patients with PD.
Management of Depression in Parkinson's Disease: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: Depression is a frequent psychiatric condition in Parkinson's disease (PD). The treatment of depression has been examined in several randomized controlled trials and meta-analyses, but no clear guidelines are available. Methods: We carried out a systematic review of pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments for depression in patients with PD using the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analyses guidelines. We searched main medical databases up to December 12, 2016, and included randomized controlled trials, patient-control studies, and case series with data on treatment modality, outcome measures, and side effects. Results: Selective serotonergic reuptake inhibitors and tricyclic antidepressants may have efficacy for the treatment of depression in patients with PD, although the evidence is not strong. The antidepressant efficacy of dopamine agonists is still controversial, and initial results were positive for pramipexole but not for rotigotine. Cognitive-behavioral therapy showed promising results in two recent randomized controlled trials, but further evidence is required. Studies using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation produced conflicting results, and the efficacy results for this treatment have been inconsistent. On the other hand, electroconclusive therapy produced strong positive results in patients with severe depression, but no randomized controlled trials are available. Conclusion: Selective serotonergic reuptake inhibitors and cognitive-behavioral therapy are currently first-line treatments for depression in patients with PD, although the evidence is still weak. The heterogeneity among contributory factors for depression in PD should be considered for the most effective treatment of depression in this condition.
Low-intensity transcranial current stimulation in psychiatry$$$ Neurostimulation is rapidly emerging as an important treatment modality for psychiatric disorders. One of the fastest-growing and least-regulated approaches to noninvasive therapeutic stimulation involves the application of weak electrical currents. Widespread enthusiasm for low-intensity transcranial electrical current stimulation (tCS) is reflected by the recent surge in direct-to-consumer device marketing, do-it-yourself enthusiasm, and an escalating number of clinical trials. In the wake of this rapid growth, clinicians may lack sufficient information about tCS to inform their clinical practices. Interpretation of tCS clinical trial data is aided by familiarity with basic neurophysiological principles, potential mechanisms of action of tCS, and the complicated regulatory history governing tCS devices. A growing literature includes randomized controlled trials of tCS for major depression, schizophrenia, cognitive disorders, and substance use disorders. The relative ease of use and abundant access to tCS may represent a broad-reaching and important advance for future mental health care. Evidence supports application of one type of tCS, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), for major depression. However, tDCS devices do not have regulatory approval for treating medical disorders, evidence is largely i nconclusive for other therapeutic areas, and their use is associated with some physical and psychiatric risks. One unexpected finding to arise from this review is that the use of cranial electrotherapy stimulation devices-the only category of tCS devices cleared for use in psychiatric disordersis supported by low-quality evidence.
E-meditation: A novel paradigm using tDCS to enhance mindfulness meditation$$$ Background Western medicine has seen increased interest in mindfulness-based interventions (MBIs) for the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders. MBIs are associated with improvements in physical, mental, and social wellbeing, along with decreased feelings of stress, anxiety, depressive symptoms, rumination, and cognitive reactivity. We have developed a novel paradigm we are calling “E-meditation,” in which tDCS is paired with guided mindfulness meditation to reduce the learning curve of meditation and enhance its mood effects. Methods 15 healthy individuals (7 female, mean age = 28.2 y/o) were recruited for this double-blind, sham-controlled, crossover study. Following a screening visit, participants returned for 3 weekly E-meditation visits. Each 20min Emeditation visit consisted of one of three randomized tDCS stimulation conditions (sham, active 1mA, or 2mA; anode - EEG F8, cathode-left supraorbital). Stimulation was synchronized with a guided mindfulness recording. Mood visual analog scales and mindfulness scales were conducted before and after each meditation visit. Results The four mood states with largest positive effects of active E-meditation compared to sham were: sad, excited, restless and calm. Of the five facets of the FFMQ, E-meditation only influenced Acting with Awareness and Observing facets. 1mA E-meditation showed a significant mean difference from baseline change in the Acting with Awareness facet as compared to sham (paired t-test, p=0.0175). Conclusions E-meditation is a novel approach to a centuries old tradition of meditation for psychological well-being. Additional longer-term (e.g. 8-weeks) trials of the effectiveness of E-Meditation are warranted.
Safety and tolerability of transcranial direct current stimulation in midle east$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a technique for neuromodulation and modulating cerebral-cortical function. The aim of this study was to obtain safety data as a basis for evaluating potential risks versus benefits of tDCS research in local population and reproduce the safety aspect of this method. Methods: In this randomized double-blinded experiment, 29 human subjects received a active and sham stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) with a current of 1.5 mA for 20-minutes stimulation for three daily session. Open questions, a structured 16-question review of systems and visual analog scale (VAS) were administered before and after each tDCS session. Results: In all the 82 stimulation , mild itching was most reported adverse effect with 25.6% for both active and sham groups. Burning sensation on the stimulation site as well as the tingling was experienced in 15.9% of the participants for each separately. We have not stopped any session due to pain or discomfort. Conclusion: tDCS in male-adult subjects in fixed-setting appeared to be safe and well tolerated and reproduce the international standard of safety in local population. 2. Introduction Neuromodulation is a rapid growing field in treatment of neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders and understanding the structure-function relationship of the brain (1-4). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is one of the most promising potential techniques in treatment option that has shown its effectiveness in the treatment of smoking craving, eating disorders, stroke, Parkinson and depression (5, 6). Although such rapid advancements in diverse applications of tDCS in basic and clinical neuroscience in the last decay, further progress is needed in some local agencies, where lack of specific regulations for research has been slowing down a research development. Previous studies showed some controversy whether there is a difference in potential side effects between active and sham groups (7-8). Thus, there has been an increased need for reproduce the safety in local population and provide feedback to regulate the use of tDCS and this has been called for by practitioners, patients and regulatory agencies. Therefore, we aim to conduct a safety study that contains a assessment and report of the intensity and frequency of adverse effects. According to the middle east region, there are no available data to show the effect or safety of tDCS. 3. Methods Subjects were healthy-adult-male (n= 29) with a mean age of 24.4 years and ranges between 18 to 34 year-old. Participants were screened for noninvasive brain stimulation contraindications (5,6). All participants were naive to brain stimulation. Written informed consent was obtained from each subject before join the study, which was approved by the Institutional Review (IRB) in King Khalid University Hospital (KKUH). 3.1. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) The StarStimNE t-DCS/EEG noninvasive (NE Neuroelectrics®, Barcelona, Spain) neurostimulator included a wireless neoprene cap, based on the International system, which was placed on the participants' heads by aligning the central CZ electrode position with the vertex (intersection of nasion-inion and inter-aural line midpoint). Small Ag/AgCl gelled electrodes, with a surface contact area of 3.14 cm2 specific to the StarStimNE device (Pielectrodes, Neuroelectrics®), were placed over the right DLPFC at F4 (cathdoal) and area, (F3; return electrode). The electrodes were connected to a control box device, which was wirelessly connected to a computer and communicated with the NIC software (version 1.2, Neuroelectrics®). During active stimulation, direct current was set at 1.5mA intensity and applied for 20 minutes for three daily session. For the sham stimulation, electrodes were placed in the same position and participants received a short ramp up (20sec total up / down) at the beginning and end of the stimulation period. 3.2. Adverse effect evaluation Each participant received a pre/post stimulation questionnaire to evaluate the potential side effects that might be associated with the stimulation which included tingling, itching, burning, headache, fatigue, difficulty concentrating, sudden mood change, change in visual perception, unpleasant sensation, unpleasant sensation in vision, nausea, drowsiness, whether the stimulation feeling is persistent after the end of the stimulation (right or left side of the head) and open question for any other problem. Each one of the previous potential adverse events was rated from 1-5 (1=very mild / 5=very severe). All the questions were translated in Arabic version. (5,6) 3.3. Data analysis The data were qualitative (categorical) and the assumptions were not violated (expected frequency <20%) and Pearson Chi-square test used of the side effect between active and shame groups. Fisher's Exact Test was used for the assumptions were violated in assesment. Comparing severity between the groups was done using ManneWhitney U test. Data were analyzed using SPSS (IBM Corp. Released 2012. IBM SPSS Statistics for Windows, Version 21.0. Armonk, NY: IBM Corp.). 4. Results We have not stopped any session due to pain or discomfort or serious event like seizure or loss of consciousness during the stimulation. An eighty-two stimulation (45 active; 37 sham) were done on twenty-nine subjects (16 active; 13 sham) recorded a parentage of 64.7% associated with one or more side effects. Participants reported some mild, self-limited adverse events after tDCS sessions (Table 1). The most frequent recorded side effect was itching in the active group and feeling the stimulation on the left side after taking off the cap (Fig. 1). We could not observe any significant difference between the active and sham groups (p-vale > 0.05). The itching and the burning all resolved the same day without any intervention or medication. All the participants maintained normal mental status throughout and after tDCS. 5. Discussion and Conclusion In our study, 29 healthy participants completed 82 sessions of tDCS with a total adverse event rate of 64.6%. The adverse events included tingling, itching, burning sensation on the stimulation site, feeling stimulation after taking off the stimulation cap and mode change after the session. The occurrence of the side effects in the sham group is may due to the ten-seconds stimulation (ramp-up) which occurs in the beginning and ending of the session. The way of delivering the current (cap) may also had a role on occurrence of side events. Other studies have reported also tingling, and itching, fatigability and mild burning in healthy patient as the most common side effects (88). An extensive review revealed that mild tingling was the most reported side effect (76%) after a stimulation with a current of 1.5 milliamperes (mA) over the various location of the head (7). Also the tingling was reported during the stimulation in healthy participants and patients (7). Fatigue also has been reported during the session maybe due to the prolong duration of the stimulation (15). Comparing the present study with a international tDCS worldwide, adverse events are similar but the frequency of occurrence appeared to be lower in used settings (82.7% vs 64.6%) (7, 8). Several studies have even used either inhibitory (cathodal) or excitatory (anaodal) protocols over various areas in the brain but did not record any events of serious side effects like seizure (5-8). Limitations There are several limitations to this study. First, although our study has a good number of participants, but it lacked the variation in the age group. Younger children's cortical excitability is different from those of adolescents. Future studies with larger sample sizes should help to address this issue. Second, all the sessions have been done on just one area of the brain DLPFC for duration of 20 minutes at 1.5mA. The stimulation intensity is probably a critical factor in adverse event. Therefore, our data may not be generalizable to all variations of tDCS. Future work should study the specific side effects and link it with the duration and intensity of current. Conclusion tDCS is a unique form of neuromodulation that has potential advantages, particularly lower stimulation intensities and shorter stimulation duration, for use in patients and population. So far, to our knowledge, this is the first largest group of participants reported to have received tDCS in local population or in this region. And our data suggest that, like tDCS is relatively safe and well tolerated in subject. (Figure Presented).
Beyond home use medical device: Transcranial direct current stimulation combined with digital healthcare$$$ In recent years, non-invasive neuromodulation techniques have gained increasing attention not only from research communities, but also from medical and healthcare industries. As an alternative to conventional medicine, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have shown its unique advantages, such as no systemic side-effects and fast onset of efficacy. However, in spite of the advantages, these techniques have been discouraged for use at real clinical settings due to some limitations, including high cost and poor usability in comparison to conventional medicine. In order to overcome such limitations, we have developed a novel neuromodulation healthcare system consisting of two components: 1) a medical device with improved usability and reduced production cost, and 2) software-based healthcare services with enhanced patient compliance and increased quality-of-care. A multi-center, double-blind, randomized, controlled clinical trial is being conducted for the treatment of major depressive disorder at the time of abstract submission and is expected to be finished in November 2016.
Prefrontal cortex modulation with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for nicotine craving reduction among saudi population$$$ and Introduction Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a neuromodulation tool have been used widely in many medical/experimental trails. We aim to assess the effect of the stimulation on smoking craving. Many people want to stop smoking, but a problem in smoking withdrawal is the high rate of relapse, which is strongly induced by craving for nicotine. Most tobacco smokers who attempted to quit smoking fail to achieve such goal (1). Neuromodulation is a growing field of study, encompassing a wide spectrum of implantable and non-invasive technology-based approaches for the treatment of neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), tDCS or other method of brain stimulation are one of the promising treatment methods in the field of medicine. They have been used widely to test its effect in major depressive disorder, pain management, post-stroke rehabilitation, drug addiction, other neurological and psychological conditions (2). 2. Methods In this double-blinded experiment, 22 human subjects (male) were randomized into two groups: active (n=12), and sham(n=10) in order to investigate the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on smoking cessation. A 20-minutes stimulation over Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for three consecutive days with a current of 1.5mA was delivered by tDCS. A number of daily smoked cigarettes was collected before, during and after the stimulations. 3. Results Comparing between 3 days before and after stimulation (6 days in total) has shown a significance for both active and sham groups (p-value=0.007), (p-value =0.07) respectively. But when 17-days data were analyzed (7 before and 10 after the first session), the active group were more statistically significance than sham group (pvalue =0.004) and (p-value=0.005). 4. Discussion and Conclusion The results suggest that there is no difference between the active and sham stimulation on these settings. The active and sham groups had similar pattern of smoking before, during, and after stimulation. Furthermore, the reduction in the number of smoked cigarettes due to placebo effect was observed in the sham group. The present study aims to promote smoking reduction by testing the role of a fundamental concept of decision-making proposed by Goldstein and Volkow (2002) with a noninvasive brain stimulation approach (3). (Figure Presented).
Relation of perceived discomfort to treatment effect in a blinded study of tDCS in older adults with HIV$$$ Background: Development of appropriate control conditions for tDCS is essential to evaluate the effect of tDCS as distinct from other factors that affect outcomes in clinical studies, such as attention or perception of active treatment. In this pilot study, we assessed the effect of subjective discomfort on treatment effect size in a study of tDCS in older individuals with HIV to determine whether it was a factor in treatment effect even when participants could not predict the treatment they received. Method: We asked participants in a blinded study of cognitive training with (n = 6) and without (n = 5) active tDCS to report their level of discomfort after each of six 20-minute training session completed over two weeks. At study conclusion, a blinded interviewer asked participants their impression of treatment group assignment. All participants believed they had received active treatment. We then assessed the impact of participants' report of subjective discomfort during training on size of treatment effect. Results: On 13 of 14 measures, tDCS showed a positive effect size on cognitive and self-report measures, with effect sizes ranging from 0.73 to -2.66. Group differences in rating of discomfort were found in analyses that took age, gender, education, and immune status into account. When statistical models included average discomfort over sessions, five effect sizes increased in magnitude, six decreased, and one stayed the same. Conclusion: In this small study, subjective experience of discomfort in an otherwise successfully blinded study had a little impact on treatment effect size. Subjective discomfort may not have an important effect on study outcomes when participants' perceptions of treatment assignment are successfully blinded. 2. Introduction Although advances in antiretroviral treatment strategies have made HIV a manageable disease, infection with HIV continues to be associated with the development of cognitive deficits in areas such as psychomotor speed and memory [1]. Cognitive deficits are important because of their effects individuals' ability to care for themselves, remember to take medications and cope with a complex medical condition [2]. These deficits may have even greater impact on older individuals who may experience both HIV and aging-related cognitive decline [3]. Treatment strategies for HIV and aging-related cognitive deficits are limited. Researchers have suggested that computer-based cognitive training may be helpful in aging-related cognitive decline [4], while multiple studies have shown that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may enhance the effect of cognitive training in healthy individuals as well as those with neurological disorders. We are engaged in continuing study of the effectiveness of cognitive training with and without active tDCS to address cognitive deficits in older individuals with HIV infection. A key problem in assessing the effectiveness of tDCS has been how best to control for the possibly confounding effects of extraneous factors in clinical studies. Factors such as patient and research expectations of effect, attention paid to participants, and the experience of discomfort or side effects can influence participant perceptions of intervention effectiveness and objective study outcomes. The purpose of the analyses presented here was to evaluate the impact of subjective discomfort on treatment effect size in participants who all stated that they believed they had received active tDCS. As the sample is small, we have evaluated possible treatment effects based on estimated of effect size. In these analyses, we assessed the impact of subjective discomfort on treatment effect size to assess its impact on observed treatment effects. 3. Methods Fourteen individuals meeting criteria for HIV-related mild neurocognitive disorder, including subjective cognitive complaints and neuropsychological test results at least one standard deviation below the mean in two domains, were recruited for this study. Exclusion criteria included left-handedness and presence of another neurological or psychiatric disorder that might be affected by tDCS. Individuals using psychotropic medications whose function might affect tDCS were also included. Eleven participants completed all study procedures and provided data for the analyses presented here. After their eligibility was established, participants completed a battery of neuropsychological tests as well as two self-report measures focused on cognitive difficulties and depressive symptoms. They were then randomly assigned to receive computer-based cognitive training with active or sham tDCS. Persons in the active group received anodal tDCS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 1.5 mA for 20 minutes during training, while those receiving sham received a 30 s ramp-up after which the tDCS device was turned off and the current ramped down over a similar interval. Over the next two weeks, participants then completed six 20-minute training sessions. After completing all training sessions, participants completed the same battery of neuropsychological tests and self-report measures. They also completed a final interview during which they were asked what group they believed they had been assigned to and their overall impression of the training program. Blinding tDCS was delivered in a single-blind design in which the operator was aware of treatment group assignment. All assessments, including neuropsychological test administration and final interview, were completed by an assessor blind to participants' treatment assignment. Ratings of mental ability, mood, and discomfort were collected at the end of each treatment session by asking the participants to respond to Likert-type ratings by tapping on a computer screen with the operator out of the room. All participants in this study had expressed oral consent for screening procedures and written informed consent prior to other study procedures. The protocol under which this study was carried out was approved by the Nova Southeastern University IRB. This study was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov (NCT02647645). 4. Results Eleven participants completed all study procedures; their mean age was 51.5 years, two were women and two were white, with the others African American. Two participants withdrew prior to randomization as they believed our training site was too distant from their home after they completed eligibility determination. The other participant withdrew because of hospitalization for a health condition not related to study participation. All participants stated that they believed that they had been assigned to the active tDCS condition. Covariate corrected statistical models showed that 13 of 14 effect sizes favored active tDCS, with sizes ranging from moderate to large (i.e., d = 0.73 to -2.66; results reported elsewhere). Covariate corrected analyses of self-report of discomfort over treatment sessions suggested the presence of group differences (see Figure). We then evaluated the impact of including subjective discomfort on treatment effect size by including participants' average report of discomfort in the same models (see Table 1). Results for a measure of verbal learning (Hopkins Verbal Learning TestdRevised Total) are illustrated in the Figure. Most participants stated the training was valuable; the two participants who did not had been assigned to the sham condition. All indicated they would participate in a similar study in the future. 5. Discussion and Conclusion Results suggest that tDCS with cognitive training via computer gaming can improve cognitive function in older persons with HIV and mild neurocognitive disorder. Results also suggest that perceived discomfort during tDCS did not have a significant effect on effect size. The results may suggest that the sham method used in this study has appropriate blinding efficacy to the subjects. Further study on tDCS as an intervention for HIV related cognitive dysfunction is warranted. (Table Presented).
Feasibility and safety of combining rtms with physical therapy: Preliminary data in parkinson's disease$$$ Introduction Non-invasive brain stimulation can be used in combination with rehabilitative therapies or physical exercises to enhance or improve function [1- 2]. It is believed that the combination of physical rehabilitation and brain stimulation may offer a greater or more sustained effect than either therapy alone [3]. The mechanisms underlying this potential synergistic effect are not fully known but may rely on associative plasticity [4]. It is known that task-specific training can induce task-specific neuronal changes based on use-dependent plasticity phenomena. However, training alone may produce a subliminal neural activation, resulting in only transient synaptic changes, whereas brain stimulation has been demonstrated effective to induce long-term potentiation (LTP)-like phenomena, presumably through Hebbian mechanisms [5]. In a previous study at our Lab, we demonstrated that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) could modulate motor memory in patients affected by Parkinson's disease (PD) [6]. Specifically, we showed that rTMS (and not sham), applied after the acquisition of a simple motor skill could increase motor skill retention. In our previous study, the effect of rTMS on skill retention was assessed through a visuomotor adaptation task consisting of a series of ballistic hand movements to reach a radially arrayed target by moving a cursor on a digitized tablet. Based on our promising results, we now plan to translate the paradigm into a clinical setting with the goal of improving functional restoration. To do so, we recently developed a novel non-invasive neuromodulation protocol pairing multiple, consecutive sessions of physical therapy (PT) for posture and gait rehabilitation back-to-back with rTMS sessions. Postural instability and gait disorders (PIGD) are the most important neurological risk factors for falls. In PD patients, PIGD are notoriously prevalent. Unfortunately, the available pharmacological treatments are scarcely effective, and PT is considered the standard of care [7]. The implementation of this translational study is primarily limited by its actual feasibility in everyday clinical settings. Here, we aimed to explore the feasibility of our protocol and its potential generalization in common clinical practice. This study is a collaborative effort between the Rusk Rehabilitation Institute and the Marlene and Paolo Fresco Institute for Parkinson's and Movement Disorders at NYU Langone Medical Center. We took advantage of a consolidated scientific partnership and a conveniently shared location in the same building to develop and test this new therapeutic paradigm. 2. Methods This is a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled protocol for PD patients referred to PIGD-oriented rehabilitation. Inclusion criteria: age 35-89, diagnosis of PD, recent referral for PIGD-oriented PT at our institution's rehabilitation facilities, Hoehn and Yahr 2 through 4. Referred patients have been pre-screened for eligibility, including potential TMS contraindications, e.g. the presence of implanted devices or history of seizures. Prescreened subjects underwent formal screenings to assess eligibility. All patients provided written, informed consent. PT was delivered by an expert physical therapist on a one-to-one basis and specifically addressed PIGD rehabilitation. The experimental treatment was designed to follow the PT session without interfering with PT standard of care. Pre-established time window limit was 40 minutes maximum and session's frequency were matching PT (1 to 2 times weekly). Following each PT session, patients were immediately directed to our TMS lab to randomly receive rTMS or sham. TMS mapping and motor thresholds were performed at the first session. Clinical outcomes measures were obtained at baseline and following the final PT session. Both patients and PT providers were blinded to the TMS intervention. Preliminary data of feasibility, safety and adherence to the protocol were analyzed. 3. Results Nine patients were consecutively referred to PIGD-oriented PT from August to November 2016 from our Institute. Among these, 7 subjects were telephonically prescreened for the study and were invited to participate (2 were not reached prior to starting initial PT session). Five subjects (71%) were screened and enrolled (1 patient refused participation, and one patient received PT from another provider). The mean age of the sample was 74 ±8.6 years (4 males). The mean disease duration was 9±4.6 years. The mean UPDRS-(III) score was 44.2 ±10.5. The H&Y stages at screening were 2 (n=1) and 3(n=4). One subject withdrew consent, citing lack of motivation. In this case, the clinical severity of PIGD was very mild (Mini BESTest=26/28). The duration of each TMS or sham session was 20 minutes. The mean resting motor thresholds of the sample was 38%±9.8. The average time lapse between PT and TMS/sham delivery during the first session was 23minutes (min: 10 minutes and max: 40 minutes). At the following sessions, the average time lapse between PT and TMS/sham was 13.5 minutes (min: 5minutes and max: 25 minutes). There was 1 adverse event; the subject reported mild neck pain after one of the TMS/ sham sessions. There were no severe adverse events. There were no PT sessions without being followed by the experimental TMS/sham stimulation. A total of 28 paired sessions were completed with 100% compliance. 4. Discussion and Conclusion Our protocol was originally developed and tested in PD participants, but designed to be appropriate for more generalized use. Recently, it has been emphasized how the control of the temporal aspect between motor training and none-invasive brain stimulation is crucial for successful associative plasticity, as the latter is a time-dependent phenomenon [8]. Task execution (or motor training) and brain stimulation should therefore be coupled with proper timing to maximize the possibility of harnessing adequate long-term plastic changes. However, in order to pair rTMS with multiple PT sessions in clinical practice, some practical issues need to be preliminarily addressed. First, the rehabilitation setting where PT is performed should have, or be located near the TMS device. Furthermore, administering TMS after a PT session can present an additional burden for PD patients, whose tolerance and endurance may be limited by comorbid factors including chronic pain, anxiety, apathy and depression. Therefore, the possibility of drop-outs needs to be considered and appreciated. We designed our study so that administration of TMS pulses could promptly follow each PT session within a standardized temporal window of 40 minutes. Such a limited interval implies adequate logistics to ensure an effective, standardized and reproducible work flow. According to our preliminary data, systematic TMS adjuvancy in conjunction with multiple sessions of standard-of-care PT represents a feasible and safe paradigm with good adherence. Limitations of our current work include: small sample size that prevents comprehensive analysis on the efficacy of this paradigm for PIGD, and lack of available data for the paradigm with a wider temporal window. The latter could challenge the further applicability of our protocol in different settings where TMS device and PT practice are not conveniently co-located. Preliminary efficacy data will be analyzed for the generation of future large scale clinical trials. PT training is a fundamental strategy in neuro-rehabilitation, irrespectively to the nature of the damage occurred in the nervous system. If successful, our paradigm will contribute to the definition of new models of rehabilitation with promising, broad applications in different clinical settings.
The use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with cognitive training in stroke rehabilitation-a sham-controlled pilot study$$$ Introduction: Effective rehabilitation after stroke is essential considering the high prevalence of the disease and the symptom severity commonly affecting everyday function. Based on a recent large cohort cluster study, a similar pattern of cognitive deficit is seen with various stroke localizations [1]. Non-invasive neuromodulation techniques may serve as promising tools for post-stroke cognitive rehabilitation [2]. Objectives: The main goal of the study was to assess the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) combined with a specific cognitive training program on overall cognitive functioning in stroke patients, independently of stroke localization. Methods and materials: 17 stroke patients have been enrolled in the study so far. All patients underwent a thorough cognitive and affective assessment before and after participating in a 10-day cognitive training paired with active/sham tDCS. Patients were randomly assigned to the active or sham tDCS group with both groups receiving cognitive training. The training included a flanker task involving emotional and visuospatial processing and executive function. Task difficulty has been set individually for each training session. We expected to see greater cognitive and affective improvement in the active tDCS group as compared to the sham stimulation. Results: The examination of overall cognitive function revealed a significant improvement in total scores of AddenbrookMs cognitive examination (ACE), in memory scores of ACE, and story recall scores of the Rivermead Behavioural Memory Test after the 10-day training in both the active and sham tDCS group. Both groups showed an improving tendency in Corsi Block-Tapping Test and in Listening Span Task. Results of affective testing revealed a significant decrease of Beck Depression Inventory, Spielberger's Trait Anxiety Inventory and Depression Anxiety Stress Scales scores in the active tDCS group, whereas total scores of the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression decreased in both the active and sham tDCS groups. Conclusion: Our current results suggest a beneficial effect of cognitive training combined with active/sham tDCS on overall cognitive functioning in stroke patients with different lesion sites. We found a significant improvement of affective symptoms with a clear benefit of active tDCS. Patient enrollment is in process and long-term effects are also to be investigated.
A comparison of dexmedetomidine with propofol versus esmolol with propofol to attenuate the hemodynamic stress responses after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Modified electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) under anesthesia is an important modality in the treatment of severe, persistent depression; bipolar disorder and schizophrenia; especially in cases resistant to pharmacologic therapy. Aim: The aim of the present study is to compare the effects of dexmedetomidine and esmolol on patients' hemodynamics, motor seizure duration, and recovery times following ECT. Materials and Methods: Ninety cases aged between 18 and 50 years of the American Society of Anesthesiologists grade I and II; were randomly divided into three groups of 30 each. Group A received normal saline (placebo), Group B received dexmedetomidine 1 μg/kg, and Group C received esmolol 1 mg/kg; followed by induction with propofol 1 mg/kg and muscle relaxation with succinylcholine 0.75 mg/kg. Hemodynamic parameters at baseline, after study drug infusion, after induction, and after ECT application were recorded at different time intervals. The motor seizure duration using arm isolation method and recovery times using postanesthesia discharge scoring system were noted. Results: The maximum increase in hemodynamic parameters was seen following the ECT current application. Post-ECT rise in mean arterial blood pressure and heart rate in dexmedetomidine group was significantly less as compared to esmolol and control group at 2, 4, 6, and 8 min using unpaired t-test. There was no significant difference in motor seizure activity duration, emergence, and recovery times among the three groups. Conclusions: Both dexmedetomidine and esmolol attenuate the hyperdynamic response to ECT without affecting the seizure duration, but dexmedetomidine has a more favorable response in view of stable vitals, smooth emergence and no adverse effect on recovery duration.
Decreasing Alzheimer's disease and related dementias after delirium: Exercise and cognitive training$$$ Background: Every year, more than two million older Americans (aged 65 and older) suffer from an episode of delirium during their intensive care unit (ICU) stay. Advances in the management of critical illness have improved critical illness survival rates especially among older adults. However, as many as 70% of ICU older survivors who had an episode of delirium are left with newly acquired cognitive impairment that can have disabling long-term consequences for both patients and their informal caregivers. Currently, there are no effective and scalable recovery models to remediate or treat ICU acquired cognitive impairment and its deleterious effects on quality of life and independence of this growing segment of older ICU survivors. Methods:Interdisciplinary team of scientists at Indiana University Center for Aging Research developed a novel, home-based cognitive and physical exercise program to reduce the societal impact of cognitive impairment. The team is proposing to conduct a randomized controlled trial (RCT) called “Decreasing Alzheimer's Disease and Related Dementias after Delirium-Exercise and Cognitive Training (DDD-ECT)” to evaluate the efficacy of 12 weeks of combined physical exercise and cognitive training intervention on the primary outcome of cognitive function among older ICU survivors in central Indiana who had an episode of delirium during their ICU stay. Importantly, we propose to deliver these interventions via a facilitator-led, small group format using internet-enabled, multiparty-videoconference delivered directly into the participants' homes. Results: The trial has the following aims: 1. Determine the effect of the combined physical exercise and cognitive training on the cognitive function of older ICU survivors at 3 and 6-months follow-up. 2. Determine the effect of the combined physical exercise and cognitive training on physical performance, anxiety and depressive symptoms, and quality of life of older ICU survivors at 3 and 6-months follow-up. 3. To examine the mechanisms of action of combined training. Conclusions: Achievement of the aforementioned aims will provide an efficacious therapy to improve cognitive outcomes among ICU survivors along with highlighting the involved neurobiological pathways. The findings will aid in moving the field forward towards reducing the burden of Alzheimer's disease and related dementias.
Trial of electrical direct-current therapy versus escitalopram for depression$$$ BACKGROUND We compared transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) with a selective serotonin- reuptake inhibitor for the treatment of depression. METHODS In a single-center, double-blind, noninferiority trial involving adults with unipolar depression, we randomly assigned patients to receive tDCS plus oral placebo, sham tDCS plus escitalopram, or sham tDCS plus oral placebo. The tDCS was administered in 30-minute, 2-mA prefrontal stimulation sessions for 15 consecutive weekdays, followed by 7 weekly treatments. Escitalopram was given at a dose of 10 mg per day for 3 weeks and 20 mg per day thereafter. The primary outcome measure was the change in the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) score (range, 0 to 52, with higher scores indicating more depression). Noninferiority of tDCS versus escitalopram was defined by a lower boundary of the confidence interval for the difference in the decreased score that was at least 50% of the difference in the scores with placebo versus escitalopram. RESULTS A total of 245 patients underwent randomization, with 91 being assigned to escitalopram, 94 to tDCS, and 60 to placebo. In the intention-to-treat analysis, the mean (±SD) decrease in the score from baseline was 11.3±6.5 points in the escitalopram group, 9.0±7.1 points in the tDCS group, and 5.8±7.9 points in the placebo group. The lower boundary of the confidence interval for the difference in the decrease for tDCS versus escitalopram (difference, -2.3 points; 95% confidence interval [CI], -4.3 to -0.4; P = 0.69) was lower than the noninferiority margin of -2.75 (50% of placebo minus escitalopram), so noninferiority could not be claimed. Escitalopram and tDCS were both superior to placebo (difference vs. placebo, 5.5 points [95% CI, 3.1 to 7.8; P<0.001] and 3.2 points [95% CI, 0.7 to 5.5; P = 0.01], respectively). Patients receiving tDCS had higher rates of skin redness, tinnitus, and nervousness than did those in the other two groups, and new-onset mania developed in 2 patients in the tDCS group. Patients receiving escitalopram had more frequent sleepiness and obstipation than did those in the other two groups. CONCLUSIONS In a single-center trial, tDCS for the treatment of depression did not show noninferiority to escitalopram over a 10-week period and was associated with more adverse events. (Funded by Fundação de Amparo à Pesquisa do Estado de São Paulo and others; ELECT-TDCS ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT01894815.).
Transcranial direct current stimulation for depression in Alzheimer's disease: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Patients with Alzheimer's disease frequently elicit neuropsychiatric symptoms as well as cognitive deficits. Above all, depression is one of the most common neuropsychiatric symptoms in Alzheimer's disease but antidepressant drugs have not shown significant beneficial effects on it. Moreover, electroconvulsive therapy has not ensured its safety for potential severe adverse events although it does show beneficial clinical effect. Transcranial direct current stimulation can be the safe alternative of neuromodulation, which applies weak direct electrical current to the brain. Although transcranial direct current stimulation has plausible evidence for its effect on depression in young adult patients, no study has explored it in older subjects with depression in Alzheimer's disease. Therefore, we present a study protocol designed to evaluate the safety and clinical effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on depression in Alzheimer's disease in subjects aged over 65years. Method: This is a two-arm, parallel-design, randomized controlled trial, in which patients and assessors will be blinded. Subjects will be randomized to either an active or a sham transcranial direct current stimulation group. Participants in both groups will be evaluated at baseline, immediately, and 2weeks after the intervention. Discussion: This study investigates the safety and effect of transcranial direct current stimulation that may bring a significant impact on both depression and cognition in patients with Alzheimer's disease, and may be useful to enhance their quality of life. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT02351388. Registered on 27 January 2015. Last updated on 30 May 2016.
An updated meta-analysis: Short-term therapeutic effects of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Background This study was conducted to evaluate the short-term therapeutic effects of using repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to treat obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) and to examine potential influencing factors. Method We searched the PubMed, EMBASE, CENTRAL, Wanfang, CNKI, and Sinomed databases on September 18, 2016 and reviewed the references of previous meta-analyses. Sham-controlled, randomized clinical trials using rTMS to treat OCD were included. Hedge's g was calculated for the effect size. Subgroup analyses and univariate meta-regressions were conducted. Results Twenty studies with 791 patients were included. A large effect size (g=0.71; 95%CI, 0.55–0.87; P<0.001) was found for the therapeutic effect. Targeting the supplementary motor area (SMA) (g=0.56; 95%CI, 0.12–1.01; P<0.001), left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) (g=0.47; 95%CI, 0.02–0.93; P=0.02), bilateral DLPFC (g=0.65; 95%CI, 0.38–0.92; P<0.001) and right DLPFC (g=0.93; 95%CI, 0.70–1.15; P<0.001), excluding the orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) (g=0.56; 95%CI, −0.05–1.18; P=0.07), showed significant improvements over sham treatments. Both low-frequency (g=0.73; 95%CI, 0.50–0.96; P<0.001) and high-frequency (g=0.70; 95%CI, 0.51–0.89; P<0.001) treatments were significantly better than sham treatments, with no significant differences between the effects of the two frequencies. The subgroup analyses indicated that patients who were non-treatment resistant, lacked concurrent major depressive disorder (MDD) and received threshold-intensity rTMS showed larger therapeutic effects than the corresponding subgroups. The subgroup analysis according to sham strategy showed that tilted coils yielded larger effects than sham coils. Meta-regression analyses revealed that none of the continuous variables were significantly associated with the therapeutic effects. Limitations Only short-term therapeutic effects were assessed in this study. Conclusions Based on this study, the short-term therapeutic effects of rTMS are superior to those of sham treatments. The site of stimulation, stimulation frequency and intensity and sham condition were identified as potential factors modulating short-term therapeutic effects. The findings of this study may inspire future research.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for methamphetamine use disorders: A randomised clinical trial$$$ Background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a brain stimulation and modulation electrophysiological technique, it can change cortical excitability of target brain region, modulate neuron plasticity and brain connections. Previous researches indicated that rTMS could reduce cue-induced craving in drug addiction. Objective In this study, we employed real and sham rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) to test whether it could reduce cue-induced craving for methamphetamine (MA) and influence cognitive function in a randomised clinical trial. Methods Thirty MA-addicted patients were randomized to receive 5 sessions of 8 min sham or 10 Hz rTMS to the left DLPFC. Subjects rated their craving at baseline, after exposed to MA-associated cues and after rTMS sessions. Results Real rTMS over the left DLPFC reduced craving significantly after 5 sessions of rTMS as compared to sham stimulation. Furthermore, real rTMS improved verbal learning and memory and social cognition in MA-addicted patients. Conclusions The present study suggests that 10 Hz rTMS of the left DLPFC may reduce craving and have no negative effects on cognitive function in MA-addicted patients, supporting the safety of rTMS in treating MA addiction.
The impact of melatonin on the alleviation of cognitive impairment during electroconvulsive therapy: A double-blind controlled trial$$$ Background The purpose of this study was to assess the efficacy and safety of melatonin in the prevention of cognitive impairments during ECT treatment. Methods Forty patients diagnosed with a major depressive disorder, for which ECT was indicated as a treatment for their current episode, were randomly allocated to either the melatonin (3 mg/day) group or the placebo group. The patients received melatonin or the placebo for the whole period of the ECT treatment, starting the day before ECT and continuing until the sixth session of ECT. The Modified Mental State Examination (MMSE) and item 3 MMSE were used for the assessment of cognition. Objective measures of cognitive functioning were performed pre-ECT and post-ECT. Results In both the MMSE score and item 3 MMSE, the melatonin group scored significantly higher at the end of the ECT sessions than the control group (P < 0.02, P = 0.001, respectively). None of the patients discontinued the melatonin or placebo due to side effects and there were no severe adverse drug reactions. Conclusion Although our data support the hypothesis that melatonin may reduce cognitive impairment following ECT, we believed that the findings provide an additional benchmark for further studies involving more patients.
Burning mouth syndrome$$$ Objective To review the clinical entity of primary burning mouth syndrome (BMS), its pathophysiological mechanisms, accurate new diagnostic methods and evidence-based treatment options, and to describe novel lines for future research regarding aetiology, pathophysiology, and new therapeutic strategies. Description Primary BMS is a chronic neuropathic intraoral pain condition that despite typical symptoms lacks clear clinical signs of neuropathic involvement. With advanced diagnostic methods, such as quantitative sensory testing of small somatosensory and taste afferents, neurophysiological recordings of the trigeminal system, and peripheral nerve blocks, most BMS patients can be classified into the peripheral or central type of neuropathic pain. These two types differ regarding pathophysiological mechanisms, efficacy of available treatments, and psychiatric comorbidity. The two types may overlap in individual patients. BMS is most frequent in postmenopausal women, with general population prevalence of around 1%. Treatment of BMS is difficult; best evidence exists for efficacy of topical and systemic clonazepam. Hormonal substitution, dopaminergic medications, and therapeutic non-invasive neuromodulation may provide efficient mechanism-based treatments for BMS in the future. Conclusion We present a novel comprehensive hypothesis of primary BMS, gathering the hormonal, neuropathic, and genetic factors presumably required in the genesis of the condition. This will aid in future research on pathophysiology and risk factors of BMS, and boost treatment trials taking into account individual mechanism profiles and subgroup-clusters.
Adjunctive ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy: Updated systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background Ketamine has emerged as a novel therapeutic agent for major depressive episodes, spurring interest in its potential to augment electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Aims We sought to update our preliminary systematic review and meta-analysis, focusing on randomised controlled trials (RCTs) involving an index course of ECT, and testing the hypothesis that lack of efficacy is due to barbiturate anaesthetic co-administration. Method We searched EMBASE, CENTRAL and Medline to identify RCTs examining the efficacy of ketamine during a course of ECT. Data were synthesised from ten trials (ketamine group n = 333, comparator group n = 269) using pooled random effects models. Results Electroconvulsive therapy with ketamine was not associated with greater improvements in depressive symptoms or higher rates of clinical response or remission, nor did it result in pro-cognitive effects. This held true when limiting analysis to trials without barbiturate anaesthetic co-administration. Increased rates of confusion were reported. Conclusions Overall, our analyses do not support using ketamine over other induction agents in ECT.
Ketamine as the anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy: The KANECT randomised controlled trial$$$ Background Ketamine has recently become an agent of interest as an acute treatment for severe depression and as the anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Subanaesthetic doses result in an acute reduction in depression severity while evidence is equivocal for this antidepressant effect with anaesthetic or adjuvant doses. Recent systematic reviews call for high-quality evidence from further randomised controlled trials (RCTs). Aims To establish if ketamine as the anaesthetic for ECT results in fewer ECT treatments, improvements in depression severity ratings and less memory impairment than the standard anaesthetic. Method Double-blind, parallel-design, RCT of intravenous ketamine (up to 2 mg/kg) with an active comparator, intravenous propofol (up to 2.5 mg/kg), as the anaesthetic for ECT in patients receiving ECT for major depression on an informal basis. (Trial registration: European Clinical Trials Database (EudraCT): 2011-000396-14 and clinicalTrials.gov: NCT01306760.) Results No significant differences were found on any outcome measure during, at the end of or 1 month following the ECT course. Conclusions Ketamine as an anaesthetic does not enhance the efficacy of ECT.
Correlation of serum S100B protein with depressive episode of bipolar disorder and its prognosis$$$ Objective: To explore the correlation of serum S100B protein with depressive episode of bipolar disorder (BD) and its prognosis. Methods: Based on BD criteria of Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 4th edition (DSM- IV), 80 patients with depressive episode of BD (case group) and 42 healthy controls (control group) were enrolled. Patients were randomly assigned into quetiapine group who were treated with lithium and quetiapine and modified electroconvulsive therapy (MECT) group who received lithium and MECT. The serum S100B level and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) were assayed before and after 4-week treatment. Results: The serum S100B levels before treatment in patients with depressive episode of BD were significantly higher than those in healthy controls (P=0.000). The levels of S100B in both drug and MECT groups decreased after 4-week treatment. The HAMD score after treatment significantly decreased than that before treatment (P=0.000). Pearson correlation analysis showed that the change of S100B level was positively correlated with the change of HAMD score before and after treatment in case group (r=0.33, P=0.013). Conclusion: S100B may be associated with depressive episode of BD and its prognosis.
Florida Best Practice Psychotherapeutic Medication Guidelines for adults with major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: Herein we provide the 2015 update for the Florida Best Practice Psychotherapeutic Medication Guidelines (FPG) for major depressive disorder (MDD). The FPG represent evidence-based decision support for practitioners providing care to adults with MDD. Participants: The consensus meeting included representatives from the Florida Agency for Health Care Administration (FAHCA), advocacy members, academic experts in MDD, and multidisciplinary mental health clinicians, as well as health policy experts. The FAHCA provided funding support for the FPG. Evidence: Evidence was limited to results from adequately powered, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials; in addition, pooled-, meta-, and networkanalyses were included. Recommendations were based on consensus arrived at by the multistakeholder Florida Expert Panel. Articles selected were identified on the electronic search engine PubMed with the dates 2010 to present. The search terms were major depressive disorder, psychopharmacology, antidepressants, psychotherapy, neuromodulation, complementary alternative medicines, pooledanalysis, meta-analysis, and network-analysis. Bibliographies of the identified articles were manually searched for additional citations not identified in the original search. Consensus Process: A consensus meeting comprising all representatives took place on September 25-26, 2015, in Tampa, Florida. Guiding principles (eg, emphasis on the most rigorous evidence for efficacy, safety, and tolerability) were discussed, defined, and operationalized prior to review of extant data. As MDD often pursues a recurrent and chronic course, principles of practice, measurementbased care, and comprehensive assessment and management of overall physical and mental health were emphasized. Evidence supporting pretreatment major depressive episode specifiers (eg, mixed features, anxious distress) and the role of pharmacogenomics (and other biological-behavioral markers) in informing treatment selection were comprehensively discussed. Algorithmic priority was assigned to agents with relatively greater therapeutic index (ie, efficacy) and minimal propensity for safety and tolerability disadvantages. Conclusions: The updated 2015 FPG provide concise, pragmatic, evidence-based decision support for treatment selection and sequencing for adults with MDD. Principles of practice include measurement-based care, priority to both psychiatric and medical comorbidity, identification of DSM-5-defined specifiers (eg, mixed features), suicide risk assessment, and evaluation of cognitive symptoms. The FPG have purposefully aimed to minimize emphasis on "expert opinion" and instead differentially emphasized extant evidence for pharmacologic treatments.
Ketamine for depression, 3: Does chirality matter?$$$ Ketamine is a racemic mixture of the enantiomers R-ketamine and S-ketamine (esketamine). S-ketamine has greater analgesic and anesthetic effects than R-ketamine and is less likely to cause psychotomimetic and other adverse effects. There is therefore an emerging interest favoring the use of S-ketamine over racemic ketamine when the drug is used for analgesia or anesthesia. This article examines preclinical and clinical literature on the antidepressant properties of S-ketamine. Animal data suggest potential advantages for R-ketamine over S-ketamine. Case reports, case series, and some small randomized controlled trials suggest that single or repeated intravenous infusions (0.2-0.4 mg/kg) or intranasal administrations (28-84 mg) of S-ketamine have antidepressant action in patients with medication-refractory depression and that the observed benefits are similar in magnitude to the antidepressant benefits reported with racemic ketamine. However, there are no direct comparisons between S-ketamine and either R-ketamine or racemic ketamine in depressed patients; therefore, it is not possible to make an informed choice when considering the enantiomers and the racemate for the indication of depression.
Abstracts of the 46th annual meeting of Japanese Society of Clinical Neurophysiology$$$ The proceedings contain 18 papers. The topics discussed include: single pulse electrical stimulation and high-frequency oscillations, a complicated marriage; does cervical radiculopathy complicate brachial plexopathy? an electrophysiological analysis; somatosensory evoked potentials (SEPs) in Vitamin B12 deficiency; ultrasonographic evaluation of facial muscles in myasthenia gravis; clinical application of the measurement of muscle fiber conduction velocity using direct muscle stimulation for critical illness myopathy (CIM); high frequency spectral changes induced by single-pulse electric stimulation: comparison between physiologic and pathologic networks; high frequency somatosensory stimulation increases sensori-motor inhibition and leads to perceptual improvement in healthy subjects; safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with implanted cortical electrodes. an ex-vivo study and report of a case; a randomized trial of aerobic exercise on cognitive control in major depression; a muscle ultrasound score in the diagnosis of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis; co-occurrence of high-frequency oscillations and delayed responses evoked by intracranial electrical stimulation in stereo-EEG studies; can epileptiform abnormalities predict delayed cerebral ischemia in subarachnoid hemorrhage?; altered effective brain connectivity at early response of antipsychotics in first-episode schizophrenia with auditory hallucinations; cyclic seizures in critically ill patients: clinical correlates, DC recordings and outcomes; functional connectivity and network analysis during hypoactive delirium and recovery from anesthesia; and motor unit number estimation in the quantitative assessment of severity and progression of motor unit loss in Hirayama disease.
Individualized connectome mapping to target rTMS for treatment-resistant depression in traumatic brain injury$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has demonstrated antidepressant efficacy, but has not been tested in depression associated with traumatic brain injury (TBI). While resting-state fMRI (rsfMRI) has been proposed as a method for targeting rTMS, it is limited by reliance on group-mean connectivity maps from healthy control subjects, which may not generalize to individual patients with neuropsychiatric disorders. Objectives: To investigate the use rTMS treatment targeted with individualized mapping of dorsal attention network (DAN) and default mode network (DMN) in subjects with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) associated with TBI. Methods: Subjects with TRD and TBI received rsfMRI scans with individuallevel connectome mapping based on a machine-learning algorithm which classifies networks based on known interindividual variability. Subjects were randomized to 20 sessions of bilateral rTMS treatment (4000 left-sided excitatory pulses, 1000 right-sided inhibitory pulses) or sham. Treatment was targeted to the prefrontal location maximally correlated with DAN and anticorrelated with DMN. Pre- and posttreatment testing included Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and rsfMRI. Results: Preliminary data from six subjects showed MADRS improvement of 72%, 71%, 61%, and 50% with active treatment compared with 38% and 22% with sham. Treatment was associated with increased size/connectivity of DAN (including dorsolateral prefrontal cortex), increased connectivity within DMN, increased anticorrelation between DAN and DMN, and increased orbitofrontal-limbicstriatal connectivity. Conclusions: rTMS targeted based on individual-level connectome mapping appears to cause mood effects and neural network dynamics reflecting the expected changes based on the stimulated networks. We are currently collecting additional data in a larger sample.
Management of depression in older adults: A review$$$ IMPORTANCE Depression in older adults is a common psychiatric disorder affecting their health-related quality of life. Major depression occurs in 2%of adults aged 55 years or older, and its prevalence rises with increasing age. In addition, 10% to 15%of older adults have clinically significant depressive symptoms, even in the absence of major depression. OBSERVATIONS Depression presents with the same symptoms in older adults as it does in younger populations. In contrast to younger patients, older adults with depression more commonly have several concurrent medical disorders and cognitive impairment. Depression occurring in older patients is often undetected or inadequately treated. Antidepressants are the best-studied treatment option, but psychotherapy, exercise therapy, and electroconvulsive therapymay also be effective. Psychotherapy is recommended for patients with mild to moderate severity depression. Many older patients need the same doses of antidepressant medication that are used for younger adult patients. Although antidepressants may effectively treat depression in older adults, they tend to pose greater risk for adverse events because of multiple medical comorbidities and drug-drug interactions in case of polypharmacy. High-quality evidence does not support the use of pharmacologic treatment of depression in patients with dementia. Polypharmacy in older patients can be minimized by using the Screening Tool of Older Persons Prescriptions and Screening Tool to Alert doctors to Right Treatment (STOPP/START) criteria, a valid and reliable screening tool that enables physicians to avoid potentially inappropriate medications, undertreatment, or errors of omissions in older people. Antidepressants can be gradually tapered over a period of several weeks, but discontinuation of antidepressants may be associated with relapse or recurrence of depression, so the patient should be closely observed. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE Major depression in older adults is common and can be effectively treated with antidepressants and electroconvulsive therapy. Psychological therapies and exercise may also be effective for mild-moderate depression, for patients who prefer nonpharmacological treatment, or for patients who are too frail for drug treatments.
MicroRNAs 146a/b-5 and 425-3p and 24-3p are markers of antidepressant response and regulate MAPK/Wnt-system genes$$$ Antidepressants (ADs) are the most common treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). However, only â 1/430% of patients experience adequate response after a single AD trial, and this variability remains poorly understood. Here, we investigated microRNAs (miRNAs) as biomarkers of AD response using small RNA-sequencing in paired samples from MDD patients enrolled in a large, randomized placebo-controlled trial of duloxetine collected before and 8 weeks after treatment. Our results revealed differential expression of miR-146a-5p, miR-146b-5p, miR-425-3p and miR-24-3p according to treatment response. These results were replicated in two independent clinical trials of MDD, a well-characterized animal model of depression, and post-mortem human brains. Furthermore, using a combination of bioinformatics, mRNA studies and functional in vitro experiments, we showed significant dysregulation of genes involved in MAPK/Wnt signalling pathways. Together, our results indicate that these miRNAs are consistent markers of treatment response and regulators of the MAPK/Wnt systems.
The improved quality of postoperative analgesia after intrathecal morphine does not result in improved recovery and quality of life in the first 6 months after orthopedic surgery: A randomized controlled pilot study$$$ Objective: In orthopedic surgery, it is well known that the use of intrathecal morphine (ITM) leads to an improved quality of postoperative analgesia. Little is known how this improved analgesia affects the long-term course after surgery. Study design: A randomized, double-blind trial. Setting: Academic medical center. Subjects: Forty-nine patients undergoing total hip or knee replacement surgery in spinal anesthesia. Methods: Patients were randomly assigned to receive either 0.1 mg (n=16) or 0.2 mg (n=16) morphine sulfate intrathecally or physiological saline (n=17) added to 3 mL 0.5% isobaric bupivacaine for spinal anesthesia. As a function of the quality of the short-term postoperative analgesia, the effect on recovery and quality of life was evaluated at various time points up to 26 weeks after surgery. Results: In both ITM groups, the additionally required postoperative systemic morphine dose was significantly reduced compared with the placebo group (P=0.004). One week after operation, patients with ITM reported significantly less pain at rest (P=0.01) compared to the placebo group. At discharge, in comparison with the 0.1 mg ITM and placebo group, the 0.2 mg ITM group showed a higher degree of impairment regarding pain, stiffness, and physical function of the respective joint (P=0.02). Over the further follow-up period of 6 months after surgery, recovery and the quality of life did not differ significantly between the three study groups (P>0.2). Conclusion: Morphine (0.1 mg) as adjunct to 0.5% bupivacaine for spinal anesthesia is effective to produce a pronounced postoperative analgesia with a beneficial analgesic effect up to 1 week after surgery. With this study design, the different quality of postoperative analgesia had no effect on quality of life and recovery in patients over the 6-month follow-up period. In the medium term, ITM may induce hyperalgesic effects.
A multidisciplinary systematic review of the treatment for chronic idiopathic tinnitus$$$ The majority of tinnitus patients are affected by chronic idiopathic tinnitus, and almost 60 different treatment modalities have been reported. The present study is a multidisciplinary systematic analysis of the evidence for the different forms of treatment for chronic tinnitus. The results are used to form the basis of an S3 guideline. A systematic search was carried out in PubMed and the Cochrane Library. The basis for presenting the level of evidence was the evidence classification of the Oxford Centre of Evidence-based Medicine. Whenever available, randomised controlled trials were given preference for discussing therapeutic issues. All systematic reviews and meta-analyses were assessed for their methodological quality, and effect size was taken into account. As the need for patient counselling is self-evident, specific tinnitus counselling should be performed. Due to the high level of evidence, validated tinnitus-specific, cognitive behavioural therapy is strongly recommended. In addition, auditory therapeutic measures can be recommended for the treatment of concomitant hearing loss and comorbidities; those should also be treated with drugs whenever appropriate. In particular, depression should be treated, with pharmacological support if necessary. If needed, psychiatric treatment should also be given on a case-by-case basis. With simultaneous deafness or hearing loss bordering on deafness, a CI can also be indicated. For auditory therapeutic measures, transcranial magnetic or direct current stimulation and specific forms of acoustic stimulation (noiser/masker, retraining therapy, music, and coordinated reset) for the treatment of chronic tinnitus the currently available evidence is not yet sufficient for supporting their recommendation.
Hippocampal Volume Changes Following Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Systematic Review and Meta-analysis$$$ Background Reduced hippocampal volume is one of the most consistent morphological findings in major depressive disorder. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective therapy for major depressive disorder, yet its mechanism of action remains poorly understood. Animal models show that ECT induces several neuroplastic processes, which lead to hippocampal volume increases. We conducted a meta-analysis of ECT studies in humans to investigate its effects on hippocampal volume. Methods PubMed was searched for studies examining hippocampal volume before and after ECT. A random-effects model was used for meta-analysis with standardized mean difference (SMD) of the change in hippocampal volume before and after ECT as the primary outcome. Nine studies involving 174 participants were included. Results Total hippocampal volumes increased significantly following ECT compared with pretreatment values (SMD = 1.10, 95% confidence interval [CI] 0.80–1.39, z = 7.34, p <.001, k = 9). Both right (SMD = 1.01, 95% CI 0.72–1.30, z = 6.76, p <.001, k = 7) and left (SMD = 0.87, 95% CI 0.51–1.23, z = 4.69, p <.001, k = 7) hippocampal volumes were also similarly increased significantly following ECT. We demonstrated no correlation between improvement in depression symptoms with ECT and change in total hippocampal volume (β = −1.28, 95% CI −4.51 to 1.95, z = −0.78, p =.44). Conclusions We demonstrate fairly consistent increases in hippocampal volume bilaterally following ECT treatment. The relationship among these volumetric changes and clinical improvement and cognitive side effects of ECT should be explored by larger multisite studies with harmonized imaging methods.
Ketamine augmentation of electroconvulsive therapy to improve neuropsychological and clinical outcomes in depression (Ketamine-ECT): a multicentre, double-blind, randomised, parallel-group, superiority trial$$$ Background The use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is limited by concerns about its cognitive adverse effects. Preliminary evidence suggests that administering the glutamate antagonist ketamine with ECT might alleviate cognitive adverse effects and accelerate symptomatic improvement; we tested this in a randomised trial of low-dose ketamine. Methods In this multicentre, randomised, parallel-group study in 11 ECT suites serving inpatient and outpatient care settings in seven National Health Service trusts in the North of England, we recruited severely depressed patients, who were diagnosed as having unipolar or bipolar depressive episodes defined as moderate or severe by DSM-IV criteria, aged at least 18 years, and were able and willing to provide written consent to participate in the study. Patients were randomly assigned (1:1) to ketamine (0·5 mg/kg intravenous bolus) or saline adjunctive to the anaesthetic for the duration of their ECT course. Patients and assessment and ECT treatment teams were masked to treatment allocation, although anaesthetists administering the study medication were not. We analysed the primary outcome, Hopkins Verbal Learning Test-Revised delayed verbal recall (HVLT-R-DR) after four ECT treatments, using a Gaussian repeated measures model in all patients receiving the first ECT treatment. In the same population, safety was assessed by adverse effect monitoring. This trial was registered with International Standard Randomised Controlled Trial Number, number ISRCTN14689382. Findings Between early December, 2012, and mid-June, 2015, 628 patients were screened for eligibility, of whom 79 were randomly assigned to treatment (40 in the ketamine group vs 39 in the saline group). Ketamine (mean 5·17, SD 2·92), when compared with saline (5·54, 3·42), had no benefit on the primary outcome (HVLT-R-DR; difference in means −0·43 [95% CI −1·73 to 0·87]). 15 (45%) of 33 ketamine-treated patients compared with 10 (27%) of 37 patients receiving saline experienced at least one adverse event which included two (6%) of 33 patients who had ketamine-attributable transient psychological effects. Psychiatric adverse events were the most common in both groups (six [27%] of 22 adverse events in the ketamine group vs seven [54%] of 13 in the saline group). Interpretation No evidence of benefit for ketamine was found although the sample size used was small; however, the results excluded greater than a small to moderate benefit with 95% confidence. The results do not support the use of adjunctive low-dose ketamine in routine ECT treatment. Funding National Institute for Health Research (NIHR) Efficacy and Mechanism Evaluation (EME) programme, an MRC and NIHR partnership.
Acetylcholinesterase inhibitors for electroconvulsive therapy-induced cognitive side effects: a systematic review$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for severe late-life depression; however, ECT-induced cognitive side effects frequently occur. The cholinergic system is thought to play an important role in the pathogenesis. We systematically reviewed the evidence for acetylcholinesterase inhibitors (Ache-I) to prevent or reduce ECT-induced cognitive side effects. Methods: A systematic search was performed in Pubmed, EMBASE, PsychINFO, and the Cochrane database to identify clinical trials investigating the effect of Ache-I on ECT-induced cognitive side effects. Key search terms included all synonyms for ECT and Ache-I. Risk of bias assessment was conducted by using the Cochrane Collaboration's tool. Results: Five clinical trials were eligible for inclusion. All studies focused on cognitive functioning as primary endpoint, but assessment of cognitive functioning varied widely in time point of assessment and in cognitive tests that were used. There was also great variety in study medication, route and time of administration and dosages, duration of drug administration, and ECT techniques. Finally, only two out of five studies were considered at low risk of bias. Despite the aforementioned shortcomings, without exception, all studies demonstrated significantly better cognitive performance in individuals treated with Ache-I. Conclusions: Despite large heterogeneity in studies, Ache-I appear to have beneficial effects on ECT-induced cognitive side effects, supporting an association with the cholinergic system in ECT-induced cognitive impairment. Methodological sound studies controlling for putative confounders are warranted. Copyright © 2017 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Transcranial direct current stimulation may modulate extinction memory in posttraumatic stress disorder$$$ Background: Abnormalities in fear extinction and recall are core components of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). Data from animal and human studies point to a role of the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) in extinction learning and subsequent retention of extinction memories. Given the increasing interest in developing noninvasive brain stimulation protocols for psychopathology treatment, we piloted whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) during extinction learning, vs. during consolidation of extinction learning, might improve extinction recall in veterans with warzone-related PTSD. Methods: Twenty-eight veterans with PTSD completed a 2-day Pavlovian fear conditioning, extinction, and recall paradigm. Participants received one 10-min session of 2 mA anodal tDCS over AF3, intended to target the vmPFC. Fourteen received tDCS that started simultaneously with extinction learning onset, and the remaining 14 participants received tDCS during extinction consolidation. Normalized skin conductance reactivity (SCR) was the primary outcome measure. Linear mixed effects models were used to test for effects of tDCS on late extinction and early extinction recall 24 hr later. Results: During early recall, veterans who received tDCS during extinction consolidation showed slightly lower SCR in response to previously extinguished stimuli as compared to veterans who received tDCS simultaneous with extinction learning (p =.08), generating a medium effect size (Cohen's d =.38). There was no significant effect of tDCS on SCR during late extinction. Conclusions: These preliminary findings suggest that testing the effects of tDCS during consolidation of fear extinction may have promise as a way of enhancing extinction recall.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation over the Right Frontal Inferior Cortex Decreases Neural Activity Needed to Achieve Inhibition: A Double-Blind ERP Study in a Male Population$$$ Inhibitory control refers to the ability to inhibit an action once it has been initiated. Impaired inhibitory control plays a key role in triggering relapse in some pathological states, such as addictions. Therefore, a major challenge of current research is to establish new methods to strengthen inhibitory control in these "high-risk" populations. In this attempt, the right inferior frontal cortex (rIFC), a neural correlate crucial for inhibitory control, was modulated using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Healthy participants (n = 31) were presented with a "Go/No-go" task, a well-known paradigm to measure inhibitory control. During this task, an event-related potential (ERP) recording (T1; 32 channels) was performed. One subgroup (n = 15) was randomly assigned to a condition with tDCS (anodal electrode was placed on the rIFC and the cathodal on the neck); and the other group (n = 16) to a condition with sham (placebo) tDCS. After one 20- minute neuromodulation session, all participants were confronted again with the same ERP Go/No-go task (T2). To ensure that potential tDCS effects were specific to inhibition, ERPs to a face-detection task were also recorded at T1 and T2 in both subgroups. The rate of commission errors on the Go/No-go task was similar between T1 and T2 in both neuromodulation groups. However, the amplitude of the P3d component, indexing the inhibition function per se, was reduced at T2 as compared with T1. This effect was specific for participants in the tDCS (and not sham) condition for correctly inhibited trials. No difference in the P3 component was observable between both subgroups at T1 and T2 for the face detection task. Overall, the present data indicate that boosting the rIFC specifically enhances inhibitory skills by decreasing the neural activity needed to correctly inhibit a response.
Right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy for geriatric depression: Results of the pride study$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains an important treatment modality for severe and treatmentresistant depression, particularly in older patients. PRIDE was a multicentre, National Institute of Mental Health funded, clinical trial carried out in 10 academic centres in the United States. Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy of an acute course of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT combined with venlafaxine for the treatment of geriatric depression and to compare a novel, flexible continuation ECT strategy plus medications, to medications alone, over a 6-month period. Methods: A total of 240 patients of 60 years of age or older were recruited into the acute phase of the study; 120 remitters comprised the intent-to-treat sample in the randomized phase. Findings: In the acute phase, 62% remitted, 10% did not remit and 28% dropped out. In the randomized phase, patients who received additional ECT had statistically significantly lower depression rating scores than patients who received medications alone. Conclusions: Ultrabrief pulse right unilateral ECT plus venlafaxine is an effective treatment for geriatric depression. Additional ECT after remission was helpful in sustaining mood improvement in most patients. Practitioners should consider tapering, rather than abruptly stopping, acute ECT courses and be liberal in prescribing additional continuation ECT to prevent relapse.
Ketamine for depression, 2: Diagnostic and contextual indications$$$ There is a substantial body of literature comprising anecdotal material and descriptions of uncontrolled and randomized controlled trials addressing the use of subanesthetic doses of ketamine for the off-label treatment of major depressive episodes. This article examines diagnostic indications for the off-label use of ketamine as an antidepressant and possible contexts in which ketamine may be trialled. Ketamine is indicated in patients who are in a major depressive episode. Most of the research data have been collected from patients with major depressive disorder, but patients with bipolar depression have also been studied. Ketamine is effective in both diagnostic groups, but its benefits are impermanent, perhaps more so in bipolar depression. There are several contexts within this diagnostic framework when a ketamine trial may be considered. These include severe depression and depression that is refractory to conventional antidepressant medication; this is because there is little purpose in trialling an experimental treatment in patients who are less severely ill and those who are antidepressant responsive. More importantly, ketamine has demonstrated efficacy in the rapid reduction of suicidal symptoms and can therefore be trialled when rapid reduction in suicidality is necessary. Likewise, because of its swift and dramatic antidepressant action, it can be trialled in patients in whom improvement is urgently desired in order to allow the patient to attend to pressing life circumstances. Some data suggest that the use of ketamine early during the course of an antidepressant trial, or as anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy, can improve early antidepressant outcomes. It is not clear whether the presence of psychotic symptoms is a contraindication for ketamine use. Issues related to these indications and contexts are briefly discussed.
Baseline resting-state FMRI biomarkers of depression response to DLPFC-RTMS: Different patterns of functional connectivity predict response to 10 HZ rtms and intermittant tbs$$$ Background: Conventional rTMS for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) targets the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using 10 HZ stimulation over 37.5 minutes. Briefer protocols, such as intermittent theta-burst (iTBS), could improve rTMS accessibility in TRD. However, it is not fully known what aspects of brain functional connectivity predict either treatment. The aim of this study is to identify the resting-state functional predictors of treatment response to 10 HZ stimulation and iTBS. Methods: 330 TRD patients were randomized to one of two treatment conditions: 10 HZ or iTBS over the left DLPFC. Treatments occurred once daily for a total of 20-30 sessions. On MRI, patients underwent a T1 and 10-minute resting-state functional scan before and after treatment. In accordance with previous findings, we completed a seed-to-voxel-based approach using cortical and striatal seeds to determine functional connectivity predictive of treatment response in the two treatment conditions. Results: In both treatment conditions, treatment response followed a bimodal distribution with distinct rTMS-responsive and non-responsive groups; outcome distributions showed no significant differences. Lower functional connectivity from the ventral striatum to the bilateral frontal pole predicted treatment response in one group, while in the other, lower functional connectivity from the left DLPFC to the left anterior cingulate cortex predicted treatment response. Conclusions: It appears that cortico-cortico and cortico-striatal functional connectivity differentiates response to two different rTMS treatment protocols. This difference in predictors was evident despite very similar clinical outcomes. Further work will also characterize how functional connectivity changes in responders over the course of treatment in both groups.
Efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment resistant late-life depression$$$ Background: Treatment resistant late-life depression (LLD) is a major public health problem. Newer treatments, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), have not been systematically studied in older adults, despite the overwhelming need. Deep rTMS (dTMS) may be a particularly efficacious neurostimulation strategy in older adults with depression as the coil can target broader cortical regions and overcome age-related atrophy. Methods: Adults 60 years of age and older with LLD and prior treatment non-response (mean failed trials 2.9; SD 0.25) were recruited at a university mental health centre; 58 patients were randomized to receive active or sham dTMS using a Brainsway H1 coil that targets the dorsolateral and ventrolateral prefrontal cortex bilaterally, with deeper and wider penetration to the left prefrontal cortex. Treatment parameters were: 6017 pulses per session;18 Hz; 20 treatments over 4 weeks; 120% resting motor threshold intensity. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24) was used to assess symptom severity. The primary outcome was remission (defined as HDRS-24, 10 and 60% reduction in HDRS-24 scores relative to baseline at two consecutive assessments). Results: In a modified intention to treat analysis (n552; 6 subjects received treatment with a different coil), active dTMS treatment led to remission in 40% of patients (10 out of 25), while the sham treatment led to remission in 14.8% (4 out of 27) of the patients (Barnard's test, p50.044). Conclusions: dTMS with the H1 Coil, using extended sessions, led to a clinically meaningful remission rate in older adults with treatment resistant depression that was superior to sham stimulation.
Effects of electroconvulsive therapy on amygdala function in major depression-a longitudinal FMRI study$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for severe depression. However, little is known regarding brain functional processes mediating ECT effects. Methods: In a non-randomized prospective study, fMRI data during the automatic processing of subliminally presented emotional faces were obtained twice, about six weeks apart in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) before and after treatment with ECT (ECT, n524). Additionally, a control sample of MDD-patients treated solely with pharmacotherapy (MED, n523), and a healthy control sample (HC, n522) were obtained. Results: Before therapy, both patient groups equally showed elevated amygdala reactivity to sad faces compared to HC. After treatment, a decrease in amygdala activity to negative stimuli was discerned in both patient samples indicating a normalization of amygdala function, suggesting mechanisms potentially unspecific for ECT. Moreover, a decrease in amygdala activity to sad faces was associated with symp-tomatic improvements in the ECT sample (rspearman52.48, p=.044), and by tendency also for the MED sample (rspearman52.38, p=.098). However, we did not find any significant association between pre-treatment amygdala function to emotional stimuli and individual symptom improvement, neither for the ECT sample, nor for the MED sample. Conclusions: In sum, the present study provides first results regarding functional changes in emotion processing due to ECT treatment using a longitudinal design, thus validating and extending our knowledge gained from previous treatment studies. Limitation: ECT patients received concurrent medication treatment.
Continuation ect for relapse prevention in depressed elderly. results from the pride study$$$ Background: The randomized phase of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study evaluated the efficacy and tolerability of continuation ECT plus medication compared with medication alone in depressed geriatric patients after a successful course of ECT. Methods: PRIDE was a two-phase multisite study. Phase 1 was an acute course of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT, augmented with venlafaxine. Phase 2 compared two randomized treatment arms: a medication only arm (venlafaxine plus lithium, over 24 weeks) and an ECT plus medication arm (four continuation ECT treatments over 1 month, plus additional ECT as needed, using the Symptom-Titrated, Algorithm-Based Longitudinal ECT [STABLE] algorithm, while continuing venlafaxine plus lithium). The intent-to-treat sample comprised 120 remitters from phase 1. The primary efficacy outcome measure was score on the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D),. Longitudinal mixed-effects repeated-measures modeling was used to compare ECT plus medication and medication alone for efficacy and global cognitive function outcomes. Results: At 24 weeks, the ECT plus medication group had statistically significantly lower HAM-D scores than the medication only group. The difference in adjusted mean HAM-D scores at study end was 4.2 (95% CI51.6, 6.9). Significantly more patients in the ECT plus medication group were rated “not ill at all” on the CGI-S compared with the medication only group. There was no statistically significant difference between groups in MMSE score. Conclusions: Additional ECT after remission (here operationalized as four continuation ECT treatments followed by further ECT only as needed) was beneficial in sustaining mood improvement and outperformed medication alone.
Bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS) decreases suicidality in adults with treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: Novel treatments are needed for patients suffering from suicidality. This study was developed in order to evaluate the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on suicidality in patients with treatment resistant major depression (TRD). Methods: We pooled data from two published prospective randomized controlled trials of RTMS applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for three to six weeks in patients with TRD. We compared the effect of bilateral, left unilateral, and sham RTMS on suicidality (N5156) as measured by the suicide item of the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD17). Results: Suicidality resolved in 40.4%, 26.8%, and 18.8% of participants randomized to bilateral, left unilateral, and sham RTMS respectively. The difference between bilateral and sham RTMS was significant (OR: 3.03; 95% CI: [1.19-7.71]; p50.02), unlike the difference between left unilateral and sham RTMS (OR:1.59; 95% CI: [0.61-4.12]; p50.33). There was only a modest correlation between change in suicidality and change in depression severity (Pearson r50.38; p<0.001). Conclusions: Bilateral RTMS was superior to sham RTMS in reducing suicidality in patients with TRD. Only a small portion of the reduction in suicidality was attributable to the reduction in depressive symptoms. This suggests that suicidality could be a specific target symptom for rTMS. Additional work is needed to determine whether RTMS is also effective in reducing suicidality in patients with other psychiatric disorders.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the default mode network can modulate mind-wandering behavior after negative emotional information$$$ Background: Mind-wandering is a cognitive process in which people spontaneously have thoughts that are unrelated to what they are currently doing. The types of spontaneous mind-wandering thoughts people have during a negative mood are similar to negative thoughts associated with depression. We investigated whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of a default mode network brain region (associated with mind-wandering behavior) can change mind-wandering frequency and/or content after being presented with negative information. Methods: Community sample participants (n 5 42, data collection ongoing) were randomized to receive cathodal, anodal, or sham stimulation of the posterior inferior parietal lobule. Before and after stimulation, participants heard standardized critical comments and then completed a modified version of the go/no-go Sustained Attention to Response Task. During this task, they were randomly interrupted and asked about their thoughts. We conducted analyses to identify differences in mind-wandering frequency and content between the three stimulation groups. Results: Participants who received cathodal stimulation had less of a negative mood shift after hearing criticism compared to participants who received anodal or sham stimulation. Participants who received cathodal stimulation also had more mind-wandering thoughts about the future, whereas participants who received anodal or sham stimulation had more (negative) mind-wandering thoughts about the past after hearing criticism. Conclusions: tDCS of a DMN region can change the content of people's spontaneous mind-wandering thoughts after hearing criticism. If these findings are replicated, future research can be conducted on whether cathodal tDCS of the DMN could be a treatment for depression or a preventative intervention for individuals at risk for depression.
Repetitive brain stimulation induces long-term plasticity across patient populations and spatial scales$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is a commonly-used treatment for depression. However, our understanding of the mechanism by which TMS exerts its antidepressant effect is limited. Methods: We randomized 30 depressed patients to daily real versus sham left dlPFC rTMS (2:1 real/sham ratio), analyzed in an intent-to-treat manner with linear mixed modeling. Single pulse TMS-induced evoked potentials (TEPs) were recorded before and after treatment. Additionally, 10 healthy controls underwent a paired-pulse TEP protocol. Finally, to complement these non-invasive studies, focal repetitive electrical stimulation was applied in a rTMS-like pattern in four patients with intractable epilepsy and after-effects were quantified. Results: We found that real rTMS was associated with a significantly greater reduction in the p60 (p<0.05) and p200 (p50.002) potentials compared to sham rTMS, which localized to the left dlPFC and medial PFC. Clinical outcomes were better for those patients with larger p60/p200 TEPs at baseline (p<0.001) or in whom there was a greater rTMS-related reduction in these TEPs (p<0.017). The paired-pulse experiment furthermore demonstrated that the p200 potential reflects intracortical inhibition. Intracranial studies also demonstrated plasticity in electrically-evoked responses after repetitive stimulation. Conclusions: Daily rTMS induces long-lasting neuromodulatory effects temporally and spatially removed from the site of rTMS stimulation, which are highly predictive of clinical outcome, and which appear to involve a decrease in intracortical inhibition (hence resulting in a net increase in excitability). Future applications include utilization of this TMS/EEG biomarker to optimize stimulation site, monitor efficacy, and predict treatment outcome.
Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in unipolar and bipolar depression: Results from an international randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Evidence suggests transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has antidepressant efficacy. Large, well designed trials are required to confirm efficacy, and further assess safety, including in bipolar depression. Prior research suggests BDNF Val66Met genotype moderates response to anodal tDCS. Methods: 130 participants (91 unipolar, 39 bipolar) with DSM IV Major Depressive Episode were randomized to receive active (2.5 mA, 30 minutes) or sham (34 microamperes and two 60-second current ramps up to 1 and 0.5 mA) left prefrontal tDCS, 20 sessions over four-weeks, in a double-blinded, multisite study. Mixed effects repeated measures analyses assessed change in mood and neuropsychological scores, with diagnostic group (unipolar, bipolar) and BDNF Val66Met genotype (n594) as factors. Results: Mood improved significantly over the 4-week treatment period (p<0.001). No differences were found between active and sham treatment except in bipolar participants, who improved more after sham stimulation (p50.003). BDNF genotype also influenced outcomes, with val/val homozygotes improving more after sham stimulation (p<0.001) and met allele carriers improving more with active stimulation (p<0.001). Conclusions: Overall, active tDCS was not more effective than sham stimulation. It is possible that the minimal stimulation delivered during 30 minutes sham tDCS, repeated over 20 sessions, had biologically active effects, evident in those with bipolar depression and val/val BDNF homozygotes, indicating a possibility these groups may be more responsive to low levels of stimulation. Future research should assess dose-response relationships accounting for diagnostic groups and BDNF genotype.
Controlled clinical trial of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and ECT: A medication-free study$$$ Background: The aims were:1) Evaluate the feasibility and safety of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) in treating major depressive disorder (MDD) in the Egyptian population. 2) Compare the efficacy of MST in MDD to that of ECT without the confounding effect of medications; 3) Compare the cognitive adverse effects of MST to that of ECT. Methods: After IRB approval and informed consent, adult patients who were not on antidepressant treatment for 6 weeks and matched for demographic characteristics were assigned to be treated with either Unilateral or bilateral ECT with Thymatron IV (Somatics, Venice, FL, USA) and pulse width of 0.5msec, or HD-MST with Magstim Theta device (Wales, UK). The MST stimulation was at 100% of device output, frequency 100Hz, and train duration of 10 seconds at vertex placement. Efficacy was primarily assessed by Hamilton Depression Scale-21 and cognitive side effects were assessed by Time to Reorientation (TRO) and a neuropsychological battery (pre-post course). Results: Sixty depressed patients with MDD (DSM-IV) were enrolled. There was no difference in depression improvement between MST and ECT group. In addition, MST had significantly less cognitive adverse effects and much faster TRO of 1.8min (SD50.36) compared to both unilateral and bilateral ECT. Limitations: include that the study were matched for demographics but randomization or blinded. Conclusions: MST was feasible and safe in this population. MST was also efficacious in treating MDD with less cognitive adverse effects than ECT. Larger studies are needed to replicate these findings before adoption in clinical care.
Repetitive brain stimulation induces long-term plasticity across patient populations and spatial scales$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is a commonly-used treatment for depression. However, our understanding of the mechanism by which TMS exerts its antidepressant effect is limited. Methods: We randomized 30 depressed patients to daily real versus sham left dlPFC rTMS (2:1 real/sham ratio), analyzed in an intent-to-treat manner with linear mixed modeling. Single pulse TMS-induced evoked potentials (TEPs) were recorded before and after treatment. Additionally, 10 healthy controls underwent a paired-pulse TEP protocol. Finally, to complement these non-invasive studies, focal repetitive electrical stimulation was applied in a rTMS-like pattern in four patients with intractable epilepsy and after-effects were quantified. Results: We found that real rTMS was associated with a significantly greater reduction in the p60 (p<0.05) and p200 (p50.002) potentials compared to sham rTMS, which localized to the left dlPFC and medial PFC. Clinical outcomes were better for those patients with larger p60/p200 TEPs at baseline (p<0.001) or in whom there was a greater rTMS-related reduction in these TEPs (p<0.017). The paired-pulse experiment furthermore demonstrated that the p200 potential reflects intracortical inhibition. Intracranial studies also demonstrated plasticity in electrically-evoked responses after repetitive stimulation. Conclusions: Daily rTMS induces long-lasting neuromodulatory effects temporally and spatially removed from the site of rTMS stimulation, which are highly predictive of clinical outcome, and which appear to involve a decrease in intracoritcal inhibition (hence resulting in a net increase in excitability). Future applications include utilization of this TMS/EEG biomarker to optimize stimulation site, monitor efficacy, and predict treatment outcome.
Cortical and subcortical morphometry predicts relapse of depressive symptoms following electro-convulsive therapy$$$ Background: Recent findings indicate that acute clinical outcome following treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD) with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is predictable from pre-treatment neuroimaging measures. However, prediction of long-term relapse risk has not previously been addressed. Here we used random forests (RF) to predict individual depression relapse within 6-months following ECT in two independent cohorts. Methods: MDD patients eligible for ECT were recruited from the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and the University of New Mexico (UNM). Patients received structural scans and mood evaluations 24 hours prior to ECT (T1), within a week of completing ECT (T2), and 6 months post T2 or at relapse (T3). The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D-17) tracked symptom severity. Relapse was defined by (i) $50% reduction of HAM-D over index and (ii) T3 HAM-D $17. At UCLA and UNM, 6/17 and 13/25 patients relapsed, respectively. RFs with repeated leave-one-out cross-validation modeled relapse risk using either pre-or post-treatment cortical thickness and subcortical volumes or change in these measures over index. Results: The mean balanced accuracy (mean of sensitivity and specificity; BA) of models based on T2 measures was 77% and 73% for UNM and UCLA, respectively. T1 measures yielded a mean BA of 56% at UCLA and 71% at UNM. Structural changes between T1 and T2 provided a mean BA of 74% at UCLA and 61% at UNM. Conclusions: Our findings suggest symptom relapse prediction post-ECT is feasible. Currently post-treatment measures are most informative, however, pre-treatment prediction is more desirable to accelerate clinical decisions.
Effect of rtms on resting-state functional con-nectivity in patients with major depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an FDA-approved treatment for major depression, but its mechanism of action remains unclear. Patients with depression show abnormalities in resting-state functional connectivity. We hypothesize that rTMS may exert its effects by normalizing connectivity patterns, particularly from frontal executive control regions where stimulation is often directed. Methods: Forty-four patients (35.268.8 years, 27 females) with recurrent major depressive disorder entered a sham-controlled, double-blinded, randomized trial of 10-Hz rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), corresponding to a neuronavigated target lying within the fronto-parietal executive network. FMRI scans at baseline and after 20 rTMS sessions were obtained during rest, and global functional connectivity was calculated between the stimulation site and the rest of the brain (root-mean-square of correlation coefficients). Clinical response was quantified with the Hamilton Depression Scale (HamD-24). Results were compared to 28 healthy volunteers (34.5610.6 years, 15 females) who underwent scanning without rTMS. Results: Compared to controls, patients exhibited reduced global connectivity from left dlPFC (p<0.05 FDR-corrected). Connectivity did not change after receiving active rTMS versus sham across all patients. However, patients whose symptoms improved after rTMS showed increased connectivity after treatment (p<0.05 FDR-corrected), driven in part by stronger negative connectivity between left dlPFC and left amygdala (p<0.05 FDR-corrected). Reduced global connectivity at baseline predicted treatment response (p<0.05 FDR-corrected). Conclusions: Our results demonstrate that rTMS modulates functional connectivity networks, normalizing global patterns of connectivity between the stimulation target and the rest of the brain, only in patients who benefited from treatment.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for cognitive impairment in early-phase psychosis: A pilot study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a relatively new neuropsychiatric intervention. Approved for use in treatment resistant depression, investigators are now studying RTMS for other psychiatric diseases such Schizophrenia. Cognitive dysfunction is a core facet of Schizophrenia, present early in the course of the illness and contributing to diminished functioning and outcomes. In this study we examined the effect of high frequency RTMS on cognitive function in a group of individuals with early phase psychosis. Methods: Twenty subjects were randomized (1:1), in double-blind fashion, to RTMS or sham condition. Over two weeks subjects underwent ten sessions of high frequency bilateral RTMS targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Stimulation parameters were as follows: 110% of MT, 20 Hz, 30 trains, 1.0 second per train, 20 pulses per train, inter-train interval of 30 seconds (600 pulses/hemisphere, total of 1200 pulses/session/day). Prior to beginning and following completion of study treatment, subjects completed neurocognitive and symptom batteries and magnetic resonance imaging with resting state scan and in-scanner memory tasks. Results: Subjects receiving active treatment demonstrated improved cognitive function as represented by the Brief Assessment of Cognition in Schizophrenia (BACS) total score (F 5 4.633, p 5.046). Additionally, there was a trend towards improved PANSS total score (F 5 3.6, p 5.074). There were no differences in working memory performance or activation. MRI data will be presented. Conclusions: Preliminary results provide support for a potential therapeutic role of RTMS for cognitive impairment in Schizophrenia. Additionally, RTMS was observed to be safe and well tolerated.
Neurocognitive predictors of antidepressant efficacy to transcranial direct current stimulation: Results from an international randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has promising antidepressant effects, however, clinical trials have shown variable efficacy. Pre-treatment executive functioning has been identified as an inter-individual predictor of efficacy. In this study we investigated clinical and neurocognitive predictors from a large multicenter clinical trial. Methods: The study was a triple-masked, parallel, randomized, controlled design across 6 international academic medical centers. Participants were randomized to active (2.5mA for 30 minutes) or sham (34μA, and two 60-second current ramp-ups of 1 and 0.5milliamperes) tDCS for 20 sessions. The anode was centered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at F3 (10/20 EEG system) and the cathode over the lateral right frontal area at F8. Pre-treatment clinical and neurocognitive variables were examined as predictors of efficacy. Results: Concurrent antidepressant medication use [F(60) 5 7.82, p 5,.01] predicted antidepressant response to active tDCS treatment. In a multivariate model, Total Speed from the Ruff 2 & 7 Selective Attention Test also predicted response [β 5.25, p,.05]. Secondary repeated measures analyses investigating Total Speed Group (tertiles: between subject factor), condition (active and sham) and Time (pre-treatment, post 10, post 20 tDCS) revealed a statistically significant Time by Total Speed Group interaction [F(200) 5 6.08, p 5,.001]. Post hoc tests found that participants in the fastest Total Speed Group showed greater efficacy in both tDCS conditions (ps,.05). Conclusions: Better processing speed/concentration was associated with enhanced antidepressant efficacy to tDCS. Further investigation is warranted to determine the underlying mechanisms of pre-treatment neurocognitive functioning and tDCS related antidepressant effects Supported By: Stanley Medical Research Foundation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the default mode network can modulate mind-wandering behavior after negative emotional information$$$ Background: Mind-wandering is a cognitive process in which people spontaneously have thoughts that are unrelated to what they are currently doing. The types of spontaneous mind-wandering thoughts people have during a negative mood are similar to negative thoughts associated with depression. We investigated whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of a default mode network brain region (associated with mind-wandering behavior) can change mind-wandering frequency and/or content after being presented with negative information. Methods: Community sample participants (n 5 42, data collection ongoing) were randomized to receive cathodal, anodal, or sham stimulation of the posterior inferior parietal lobule. Before and after stimulation, participants heard standardized critical comments and then completed a modified version of the go/no-go Sustained Attention to Response Task. During this task, they were randomly interrupted and asked about their thoughts. We conducted analyses to identify differences in mind-wandering frequency and content between the three stimulation groups. Results: Participants who received cathodal stimulation had less of a negative mood shift after hearing criticism compared to participants who received anodal or sham stimulation. Participants who received cathodal stimulation also had more mind-wandering thoughts about the future, whereas participants who received anodal or sham stimulation had more (negative) mind-wandering thoughts about the past after hearing criticism. Conclusions: tDCS of a DMN region can change the content of people's spontaneous mind-wandering thoughts after hearing criticism. If these findings are replicated, future research can be conducted on whether cathodal tDCS of the DMN could be a treatment for depression or a preventative intervention for individuals at risk for depression.
Neurocognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) in unipolar and bipolar depression: Results from an international randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been found to have antidepressant effects, and may have beneficial neurocognitive effects. However, prior research discrepancies produce uncertainty regarding the neurocognitive effects of tDCS. The purpose of this study was to determine the neurocognitive effects of tDCS. Methods: The study was a triple-masked, randomized, controlled design across six international academic medical centers. Participants were randomized to active (2.5milliamperes for 30 minutes) or sham (34microamperes, and two 60-second current ramp-ups of 1 and 0.5milliamperes) tDCS for 20 sessions. The anode was centered over the left DLPFC at F3 (10/20 EEG system) and the cathode over the lateral right frontal area at F8. Participants completed clinical and neurocognitive assessments before and after the tDCS course. Mixed effects repeated measures analyses were conducted with factors Time and Condition, including mood ratings as a covariate. Results: The study randomized 130 participants. Across the sample, there was a significant interaction trend for cognitive flexibility (p50.06) and visual attention (p50.06). Post hoc tests revealed significantly improved cognitive flexibility (p<0.05) and visual attention (p<0.05) with active and sham tDCS, respectively. For patients with bipolar depression, there was a significant interaction trend for auditory attention and working memory (p50.08). Post hoc tests showed significant improvement only with sham tDCS (p<0.05). Conclusions: These findings suggest that tDCS has positive neurocognitive effects in unipolar and bipolar depression, after accounting for mood effects. Moreover, unique tDCS stimulation paradigms may have differential neurocognitive effects. Future research is warranted to determine optimal stimulation paradigms to enhance neurocognitive function.
Neural, cognitive, and clinical effects of prefrontal cortex stimulation in depression combined with psychological therapy: A double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has recently shown efficacy as a treatment for depression. We combined tDCS with psychological therapy to determine whether tDCS of the DLPFC could enhance therapeutic outcome in depression. Methods: We conducted a double-blind, randomized controlled trial of tDCS in patients with depression receiving a course of CBT (N535). Patients received eight 20-minute sessions of tDCS directly preceding CBT for 8 weeks. The primary outcome was interviewer-rated depression scores. Secondary outcome measures included functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) scans prior to and following treatment to measure DLPFC activation during working memory. We compared FMRI results with matched healthy controls (N530). Results: The intervention was relatively well tolerated, with 17% attrition. Using an intent-to-treat analysis, 20% more patients responded to CBT with tDCS (9/18) than CBT with sham stimulation (5/17; OR52.4), though this difference did not achieve statistical significance (X250.214, p50.305). Depressed patients initially showed blunted activation in the DLPFC compared to healthy controls (p<0.05). Following the trial, DLPFC activity increased substantially in the depressed group (p<0.001). However, there was no effect of tDCS on activation (p.0.2). Irrespective of stimulation condition, initial DLPFC activity was positively associated with a future reduction in depression symptoms (p<0.05). Conclusions: The current findings provide support for the safety and tolerability of tDCS to augment psychological therapy in depression. They do not provide strong support for clinical efficacy of the augmentative intervention, but they suggest that the DLPFC may be involved in the beneficial effects of CBT.
Can transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) modulate the affective component of chronic low back pain (CLBP)?$$$ Background: Pain has both nociceptive (sensory) and emotional (affective) components (IASP 2016). CLBP remains a significant medical burden; annual prevalence is 15%-45% (Manchikanti et al. 2009). Current pain treatments are primarily analgesic (e.g. opioids) with serious side effects. Limited options (cognitive behavioral therapy [CBT], biofeedback) exist to address the affective component, which causes significant disability and psychiatric sequelae of fear avoidance, anxiety, depression, and suicide. The emerging neuromodulation technique, tDCS, has been applied to the sensory component of pain. Methods: We performed a multi-site, double-blinded, randomized placebo-controlled trial of tDCS targeting left dorsal anterior cingulate cortex (dACC)-a node in the pain network-in 21 CLBP participants. Each participant received 10 daily sessions of sham or cathodal tDCS (thought to reduce cortical excitability) at 2 mA for 20 minutes. Saline-soaked sponge electrodes (5x7 cm) were placed at FC1 (per the 10-20 EEG system) and the contralateral mastoid process (return electrode). Participants rated pain intensity, disability, and acceptance during and after treatment. Results: Interim analysis failed to demonstrate separation between sham and active tDCS for any outcome measure (all marginal effect |t|,1.7, p.0.1). Futility analysis suggests at least 46 additional participants are needed to detect a statistically-significant stimulation-related effect. Conclusions: These preliminary results do not suggest that 10 daily sessions of cathodal tDCS targeting left dACC significantly improve the affective symptoms of CLBP. Future better-powered studies should consider other cortical targets, different stimulation parameters, high-density electrode arrays, and combining tDCS with psychotherapy such as CBT.
Prefrontal cortex stimulation does not affect emotional bias, but may slow emotion identification$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has recently garnered attention as a putative depression treatment. However, the cognitive mechanisms by which it exerts an antidepressant effect are unclear: tDCS may directly alter 'hot' emotional processing biases, or alleviate depression through changes in 'cold' (non-emotional) cognitive function. Here, 75 healthy participants performed a facial emotion identification task during 20 minutes of anodal or sham tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in a double-blind, within-subject crossover design. A subset of 31 participants additionally completed a task measuring attentional distraction during stimulation. Compared to sham stimulation, anodal tDCS of the left DLPFC resulted in an increase in response latency across all emotional conditions. Bayesian analysis showed definitively that tDCS exerted no emotion-dependent effect on behaviour. Thus, we demonstrate that anodal tDCS produces a general, rather than an emotion-specific, effect. We also report a preliminary finding in the subset of participants who completed the distractibility task: increased distractibility during active stimulation correlated significantly with the degree to which tDCS slowed emotion identification. Our results provide insight into the possible mechanisms by which DLPFC tDCS may treat symptoms of depression, suggesting that it may not alter emotional biases, but instead may affect 'cold' cognitive processes.
Biological treatment of acute agitation or aggression with schizophrenia or bipolar disorder in the inpatient setting$$$ METHODS: The following searches were used in PubMed to obtain the most relevant advances in treating schizophrenia or bipolar disorder with acute agitation and aggression: (agitation, agitated, aggression, aggressive, hostile, hostility, violent, or violence) and (schizophr*, psychosis, psychot*, psychos*, mania, manic, or bipolar) and (*pharmacologic, antipsychotic*, neuroleptic*, antiepileptic*, anti-seizure*, mood stabilizer*, lithium, benzodiazepine*, beta blocker, beta-blocker, alpha2, alpha-2, *histamine*, electroconvulsive, ECT, shock, or transcranial). Individual searches were performed for each drug class. The studies were limited to peer-reviewed, English-language, and human studies. Most were placebo-controlled randomized controlled trials (RCTs) or meta-analyses.
Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex enhances emotion recognition in depressed patients and controls$$$ INTRODUCTION: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can enhance a range of neuropsychological functions but its efficacy in addressing clinically significant emotion recognition deficits associated with depression is largely untested.
A Comparison between the analgesic - Sedative effects of ketamine and nitrous oxide in Bones' fracture pain control: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Analgesics such as opioids are commonly used for pain control in emergency departments. correlated respiratory side effects and central nervous system depression confine opioids application as analgesic medication. New pain control choices such as Nitric oxide and Ketamine may be alternatives. This study evaluates efficacy of Nitric Oxide versus Ketamine in purpose of pain reduction in limbs fractures. Methods: In a randomized clinical study, 75 patients that were referred to the emergency department with pain, which has been caused by bone fractures, were randomly assigned into 2 groups: receiving ketamine with an intravenous bolus dose of 0.3 mg/kg versus mixture of 50% nitrous oxide/50% Oxygen. The pain score in the groups were measured and compared by the Visual Analog Scale consecutively at arrival and 5, 10, 15 minutes after intervention. Results: Fifteen minutes after the intervention, the score of pain in patients receiving ketamine, reached 2.5 from 8.86 at the baseline. This is while in the second group, 15 minutes after the treatment, reached to 5.02 from 9.52 at the baseline. The amount of pain reduction in both groups was statistically significant. A point-by-point comparison of the amount of the pain did not show significant differences in both groups. Conclusions: The findings of this study showed that both ketamine and Nitrous Oxide/Oxygen mixture are effective in alleviating the pain of patients with limb's fracture, however, there is no precedence between these medications as a pain killer.
Tic Disorders and Comorbidity: Approaches to Treatment Refractory Cases with Tourette's Syndrome$$$ Tourette's syndrome (TS) is a complex neurodevelopmental disorder marked by both motor and phonic tics over a period of at least 1 year with the onset in childhood or adolescence. Although symptoms usually decline by adulthood, a significant number of patients fail to respond conventional medical and behavior treatments. Most of the patients with TS have associated psychiatric comorbidities which may have a role of apparent refractoriness. First, concomitant psychiatric comorbidities, the current definitions and clinical characteristics of treatment refractory TS will be presented. Then, the strategies for the management of treatment refractory TS, potential new treatments such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), deep brain simulation (DBS) and novel pharmacological treatments will be discussed. Finally, two cases of treatment refractory TS and their follow-up period will be presented. Comorbidities A recent cross-sectional study of over 1000 TS patients found that 86% of all patients had at least one psychiatric disorder, and 58% had 2 or more psychiatric disorders (Hirschtritt et al., 2015). Psychiatric comorbidities contribute essentially to functioning and to limit treatment response in TS, and might also increase the likelihood of receiving medical therapy for tics. ADHD is the most common comorbidity in the TS patients, ranging between 60 and 80 %, is the leading factor affecting disruptive behavior in TS (Kumar, Trescher, &Byler, 2016). ADHD symptoms precede the onset of tics by 2-3 years and begin around the age of 3-5 years. The hyperactive subtype is predominant in the younger patients, whereas inattentive type is more common in adolescents. Untreated ADHD may also complicate therapeutic interventions such as habit reversal therapy (HRT), making them less effective. The prevalence of OCD ranges from 11 to 80 % of patients with TS. The clinical presentation of OCD symptoms in TS patients can be different than the typical presentation of patients with primary OCD. TS patients are found to have greater rates of symmetric obsession, obsessional counting, and "just right" perception, however primary OCD patients reported higher rates of cleaning rituals, compulsive washing, and fears of contaminations. Malignant TS, which has life threatening symptoms or requires hospitalization, is found strongly associated with the presence of OCD or obsessive-compulsive behaviors. In fact, OCD may contribute more to tic severity than other comorbid conditions (Kious, Jimenez-Shahed, &Shprecher, 2016). There has been a significantly increased prevalence of impulse control disorder (especially intermittent explosive disorder) in TS patients. Depressive symptoms also found to present thirteen to seventy-six percent in TS. Depression has been shown to be associated with social stigma such as bullying, teasing, and receiving derogatory nicknames in TS children. Twelve to sixty-two percent of patients with TS reported to have various sleep problems such as nightmares, night terrors, somnambulism, trouble initiating sleep, and restlessness (Kumar et al., 2016). There are no reliable estimates regarding treatment-refractory, and there is little known about the mechanisms that promote refractoriness. Greater tic severity in childhood and early fine motor deficits predicts tic persistence in adulthood. Reductions in total caudate volume in childhood found to be correlated with tic severity in early adulthood. Definitions and clinical characteristics of treatment refractory TS It is crucial to carefully assess the adequacy of treatment trials and the reasons they appear to have failed before declaring a patient to be treatment-refractory. This reasons could be incorrect diagnosis, insufficient doses, side effects, inaccessibility to available therapies (including expert psychiatric care and behavioral therapy). TS should be considered truly treatment-refractory if multiple, well-established interventions, including psychotherapy, fail to produce sufficient treatment response either alone or in combination, and there has been adequate control of comorbid psychiatric conditions. The most recent and detailed definitions of treatment-refractory TS have been suggested through guidelines for the selection of patients for DBS: a DSM-5 diagnosis of TS, involvement of ethics committee for cases younger than age 18 years, tics as the major source of disability, with YGTSS total tic severity upper than 35/50, video documentation of movements, failure of conventional therapies (medications from 3 pharmacologic classes), and a trial of CBIT if feasible. Additionally, appropriate documentation and treatment of psychiatric comorbidities, stable medical condition and psychosocial status, and the absence of suicidal or homicidal ideation for 6 months are also recommended. Management of treatment refractory TS: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) rTMS is non-invasive, safe and well-tolerated neuromodulation technique, has been utilized in a variety of psychiatric and neurologic disorder. An average reduction of YGTSS scores of 34% and improvement of comorbid conditions are demonstrated in two open-label trials of rTMS. A recent study in adults had less encouraging results which reported a trial of deep rTMS in 10 adult patients with TS with or without OCD. Subjects tolerated the intervention well, but there was also no significant reduction in tic severity, except in the subgroup of patients with comorbid OCD. Recently a randomized controlled study could not find significant difference in the reduction of YGTSS scores between the rTMS group and sham. Larger, well-controlled trials of rTMS are needed to identify the optimal stimulation parameters and paradigms. Additional clinical trials are currently under way to address this need, as listed in the US clinical trials database (www.clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02356003, NCT00965211). Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) DBS is emerging as a treatment option for medically intractable patients. Due to its invasive nature and the possibility of remission or significant symptomatic improvement in TS with age, especially children and adolescent patients must be carefully selected. On the other hand, adolescence is a crucial time period, which identity formulation, psychosocial and academic development both occur. The chance for greater symptom control via DBS during this time might also would result with better psychosocial outcomes in these severe cases. In a recent meta-analysis, including 156 cases from 57 eligible studies, DBS resulted in a significant improvement of 52.68% (IQR = 40.74, p < 0.001) in the YGTSS. Analysis of controlled studies significantly changed stimulation versus off stimulation with a standardized mean difference of 0.96 (95% CI: 0.36-1.56). Different target points revealed significant YGTSS reductions after stimulation of the thalamus, the posteroventrolateral part and the anteromedial part of the globus pallidus internus, the anterior limb of the internal capsule and nucleus accumbens (Baldermann et al., 2016). There is limited data about the long-term efficacy of DBS for refractory TS, but existing reports are mainly positive. It was found that patients continued to demonstrate reductions in tic severity and obsessive-compulsive behaviors, and required less medication for TS and for psychiatric comorbidities. Adverse effects can be limited the use of DBT and can be divided into three categories, which are surgical, stimulation-related, or hardware-related. Reduction in energy levels, psychosis, hypomania and anxiety was reported as psychiatric symptoms. It is also suggested that patients with TS may be at increased risk of post-surgical infection due to compulsive touching or picking of the wound or scar. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) ECT is shown to be effective and less invasive neuromodulation technique for treatment-refractory TS. Several case reports have subsequently been published with positive results (Kious et al., 2016). There are no controlled studies involving ECT for TS, and few reports involving TS that has not concomitant comorbid psychiatric illness. ECT should be considered for TS primarily in emergency situations (e.g., severe self-injurious behavior), or when there are comorbid psychiatric conditions that ECT is also effective. Novel Pharmacotherapies Newer treatments for TS with a growing evidence-base include anticonvulsant agents (Topiramate), vesicular monoamine transporter inhibitors (Tetrabenazine), glutamatergic agents including D-serine, riluzole, nacetylcysteine (NAC), and acamprosate (Kious et al., 2016). Cases Two treatment resistant TS cases (16 years old girl and 10 years old boy) and their follow up period (including DBS) will be presented and discussed.
Optimising conservative management of chronic low back pain: Study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Lower back pain is a global health issue affecting approximately 80% of people at some stage in their life. The current literature suggests that any exercise is beneficial for reducing back pain. However, as pain is a subjective evaluation and physical deficits are evident in low back pain, using it as the sole outcome measure to evaluate superiority of an exercise protocol for low back pain treatment is insufficient. The overarching goal of the current clinical trial is to implement two common, conservative intervention approaches and examine their impact on deficits in chronic low back pain. Methods/design: Forty participants, 25-45 years old with chronic (>3 months), non-specific low back pain will be recruited. Participants will be randomised to receive either motor control and manual therapy (n = 20) or general strength and conditioning (n = 20) exercise treatments for 6 months. The motor control/manual therapy group will receive twelve 30-min sessions, ten in the first 3 months (one or two per week) and two in the last 3 months. The general exercise group will attend two 1-hour sessions weekly for 3 months, and one or two a week for the following 3 months. Primary outcome measures are average lumbar spine intervertebral disc T2 relaxation time and changes in thickness of the transversus abdominis muscle on a leg lift using magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Secondary outcomes include muscle size and fat content, vertebral body fat content, intervertebral disc morphology and water diffusion measured by MRI, body composition using dual energy X-ray absorptiometry, physical function through functional tests, changes in corticospinal excitability and cortical motor representation of the spinal muscles using transcranial magnetic stimulation and self-reported measure of pain symptoms, health and disability. Outcome measures will be conducted at baseline, at the 3-month follow-up and at 6 months at the end of intervention. Pain, depressive symptomology and emotions will be captured fortnightly by questionnaires. Discussion: Chronic low back pain is ranked the highest disabling disorder in Australia. The findings of this study will inform clinical practice guidelines to assist with decision-making approaches where outcomes beyond pain are sought for adults with chronic low back pain. Trial registration: Australian New Zealand Clinical Trials Registry, ACTRN12615001270505. Registered on 20 November 2015.
A systematic review of yoga for major depressive disorder$$$ Background The purpose of this review was to investigate the efficacy and safety of yoga interventions in treating patients with major depressive disorder. Methods MEDLINE, Scopus, and the Cochrane Library were screened through December 2016. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing yoga to inactive or active comparators in patients with major depressive disorder were eligible. Primary outcomes included remission rates and severity of depression. Anxiety and adverse events were secondary outcomes. Risk of bias was assessed using the Cochrane tool. Results Seven RCTs with 240 participants were included. Risk of bias was unclear for most RCTs. Compared to aerobic exercise, no short- or medium-term group differences in depression severity was found. Higher short-term depression severity was found for yoga compared to electro-convulsive therapy; remission rates did not differ between groups. No short-term group differences occurred when yoga was compared to antidepressant medication. Conflicting evidence was found when yoga was compared to attention-control interventions, or when yoga as an add-on to antidepressant medication was compared to medication alone. Only two RCTs assessed adverse events and reported that no treatment-related adverse events were reported. Limitations Few RCTs with low sample size. Conclusions This review found some evidence for positive effects beyond placebo and comparable effects compared to evidence-based interventions. However, methodological problems and the unclear risk-benefit ratio preclude definitive recommendations for or against yoga as an adjunct treatment for major depressive disorder. Larger and adequately powered RCTs using non-inferiority designs are needed.
Comparative efficacy and tolerability of pharmacological and somatic interventions in adult patients with treatment-resistant depression: a systematic review and network meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Major depressive disorder (MDD) affects about 10–15% of the general population in a lifetime. A considerable number of patients fail to achieve full symptom remission despite adequate treatment and are considered treatment resistant (TRD). The current study compared the relative efficacy and tolerability of pharmacological and somatic TRD interventions by means of a Bayesian network meta-analysis. Research design and methods: An electronic literature search of MEDLINE, MEDLINE In-Process, EMBASE, PsycInfo, EconLit and Cochrane Library databases for trials published between September 2003 and September 2014 was conducted. Key outcomes extracted were disease severity change from baseline, response and remission rates at various timepoints and discontinuation due to adverse events. Results: Of the 3876 abstracts identified, 31 publications/randomised controlled trials (RCTs) were included in the analysis; 19 RCTs investigating 13 pharmacological interventions and 12 RCTs investigating electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). The evidence synthesis investigating efficacy outcomes of TRD treatments demonstrated superior efficacy for ketamine compared to pharmacological and somatic interventions at 2 weeks after treatment initiation. At 4, 6 and 8 weeks, quetiapine augmentation (800 mg/day) and risperidone augmentation were found to be the first and second best treatments, respectively. Networks were small for response rate and remission rate outcomes at most timepoints. The most tolerable treatment was lamotrigine augmentation showing a comparable profile to placebo/sham. Conclusions: This analysis revealed scarcity of long-term data on sustained remission that would allow a comparative long-term efficacy assessment. Key limitations of the analysis can be considered the search timeframe and the use of mapping formula for the depression scores.
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for biological treatment of schizophrenia–a short version for primary care$$$ Objective: Schizophrenia is a severe mental disorder and many patients are treated in primary care settings. Apart from the pharmacological management of disease-associated symptoms, the detection and treatment of side effects is of the utmost importance in clinical practice. The purpose of this publication is to offer relevant evidence-based recommendations for the biological treatment of schizophrenia in primary care. Methods: This publication is a short and practice-oriented summary of Parts I–III of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) Guidelines for Biological Treatment of Schizophrenia. The recommendations were developed by the authors and consented by a task force of international experts. Guideline recommendations are based on randomized-controlled trials and supplemented with non-randomized trials and meta-analyses where necessary. Results: Antipsychotics of different chemical classes are the first-line pharmacological treatments for schizophrenia. Specific circumstances (e.g., suicidality, depression, substance dependence) may need additional treatment options. The pharmacological and non-pharmacological management of side effects is of crucial importance for the long-term treatment in all settings of the healthcare system. Conclusions: This summary of the three available evidence-based guidelines has the potential to support clinical decisions and can improve treatment of schizophrenia in primary care settings.
Noninvasive brain stimulation treatments for addiction and major depression$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) and substance use disorders (SUDs) are prevalent, disabling, and challenging illnesses for which new treatment options are needed, particularly in comorbid cases. Neuroimaging studies of the functional architecture of the brain suggest common neural substrates underlying MDD and SUDs. Intrinsic brain activity is organized into a set of functional networks, of which two are particularly relevant to psychiatry. The salience network (SN) is crucial for cognitive control and response inhibition, and deficits in SN function are implicated across a wide variety of psychiatric disorders, including MDD and SUDs. The ventromedial network (VMN) corresponds to the classic reward circuit, and pathological VMN activity for drug cues/negative stimuli is seen in SUDs/MDD. Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques, including rTMS and tDCS, have been used to enhance cortico–striatal–thalamic activity through the core SN nodes in the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, and anterior insula. Improvements in both MDD and SUD symptoms ensue, including in comorbid cases, via enhanced cognitive control. Inhibition of the VMN also appears promising in preclinical studies for quenching the pathological incentive salience underlying SUDs and MDD. Evolving techniques may further enhance the efficacy of NIBS for MDD and SUD cases that are unresponsive to conventional treatments.
Treatment recommendations for DSM-5-defined mixed features$$$ The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5) mixed features specifier provides a less restrictive definition of mixed mood states, compared to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision (DSM-IV-TR), including mood episodes that manifest with subthreshold symptoms of the opposite mood state. A limited number of studies have assessed the efficacy of treatments specifically for DSM-5-defined mixed features in mood disorders. As such, there is currently an inadequate amount of data to appropriately inform evidence-based treatment guidelines of DSM-5 defined mixed features. However, given the high prevalence and morbidity of mixed features, treatment recommendations based on the currently available evidence along with expert opinion may be of benefit. This article serves to provide these interim treatment recommendations while humbly acknowledging the limited amount of evidence currently available. Second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) appear to have the greatest promise in the treatment of bipolar disorder (BD) with mixed features. Conventional mood stabilizing agents (ie, lithium and divalproex) may also be of benefit; however, they have been inadequately studied. In the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) with mixed features, the comparable efficacy of antidepressants versus other treatments, such as SGAs, remains unknown. As such, antidepressants remain first-line treatment of MDD with or without mixed features; however, there are significant safety concerns associated with antidepressant monotherapy when mixed features are present, which merits increased monitoring. Lurasidone is the only SGA monotherapy that has been shown to be efficacious specifically in the treatment of MDD with mixed features. Further research is needed to accurately determine the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of treatments specifically for mood episodes with mixed features to adequately inform future treatment guidelines.
Non-invasive brain stimulation in Parkinson's disease: Exploiting crossroads of cognition and mood$$$ Cognitive impairments and depression are common non-motor manifestations in Parkinson's disease (PD). Recent evidence suggests that both partially arise via the same frontostriatal network, opening the opportunity for concomitant treatment with non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). In this systematic review, we evaluate the effects of NIBS on cognition and/or mood in 19 placebo-controlled studies involving 561 PD patients. Outcomes depended on the area stimulated and the technique used. rTMS over the dorsolateral-prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) resulted in significant reductions in scores of depressive symptoms with moderate to large effect sizes along with increased performance in several tests of cognitive functions. tDCS over the DLPFC improved performance in several cognitive measures, including executive functions with large effect sizes. Additional effects of tDCS on mood were not detectable; however, only non-depressed patients were assessed. Further confirmatory research is needed to clarify the contribution that NIBS could make in the care of PD patients.
Niemann-pick type C disease -The tip of the iceberg? A review of neuropsychiatric presentation, diagnosis and treatment$$$ Niemann-Pick type C (NP-C) disease is a rare neurodegenerative lysosomal storage disorder. It is highly heterogeneous, and there is limited awareness of a substantial subgroup that has an attenuated adolescent/adult-onset disease. In these patients psychiatric features, often a psychosis, may dominate the initial impression, although often there is an associated ataxia and cognitive impairment. Typically, patients experience a substantial diagnostic delay. In this review we highlight the importance of early recognition and discuss the pathophysiology, neuropsychiatric presentation and recent changes in the investigation and work-up of these patients, and treatment options.
Ketamine for depression, 1: Clinical summary of issues related to efficacy, adverse effects, and mechanism of action$$$ Ketamine is an anesthetic drug that is also used for off-label indications such as the mediation of analgesia and sedation in various settings. It is additionally recognized as an agent with antidepressant potential. For depression, it is most commonly administered as a slow intravenous infusion in subanesthetic doses (usually 0.5 mg/ kg). As an antidepressant, is strikingly different from conventional antidepressant drugs in that it brings about rapid and marked attenuation of depressive symptoms even in patients with refractory depression. The benefits are observed within hours of administration, peak after about a day, and are lost 3-12 days later. Patients who do not benefit after the initial dose may benefit with serial dosing or at higher doses. Benefits can be maintained for weeks to months by the continuation of ketamine sessions at 2- to 4-day intervals. Adverse effects include dissociative and psychotomimetic changes that are almost always mild and transient, if present; transient elevation of heart rate and blood pressure often occur. These changes are usually well tolerated and are very seldom responsible for treatment discontinuation. Whereas ketamine is an N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist, and whereas much is known about its different biological effects, its actions that mediate the antidepressant response are presently not known for certain. Although big data on ketamine are presently unavailable, the drug holds promise in the treatment of depression, especially refractory depression.
Motor cortex tRNS ameliorates pain, anxiety, depression, quality of life and cognitive impairment in patients with fibromyalgia: preliminary results of a randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Objective: Here we explored the clinical effects of primary motor cortex (M1) tRNS in FMS patients. Background: Fibromyalgia (FMS) is a clinical syndrome characterized by widespread musculoskeletal pain, chronic fatigue, cognitive deficit, sleep and mood disorders. Most pharmacological therapies showed limited effectiveness and there's need for new effective and well tolerated therapeutic tools. Recently, transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) of motor cortex showed able to reduce pain, while dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) tDCS improved anxiety, depression and cognitive impairment in FMS. A new application, random noise stimulation (tRNS), using randomly changing alternating currents, showed very recently ability to ameliorate working memory and pain in limited series of FMS and neuropathic pain patients. Design/Methods: Twenty female patients with FMS between the ages of 26 and 67 were randomized into two treatment groups undergoing daily stimulation sessions for two weeks (weekend free): one received active, real tRNS and the other one sham, placebo tRNS. Each patient was evaluated, before and after treatment, through Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ), Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and other specific neurophychological tests, such as Trail Making Test (TMT), Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (AVLT), Forward and Backward Digit Span, FAS verbal fluency test. Results: M1 active tRNS, compared to sham, induced a general improvement of FMS clinical picture: pain, depression, anxiety and FIQ scores showed significant reduction. Even TMT A, AVLT and FAS scores improved significantly. Conclusions: These findings suggest M1 tRNS can be very effective in relieving symptoms of fibromyalgia. Differently from motor cortex tDCS, tRNS seems able to counteract not only pain but also cognitive disturbance in these patients. This could follow to the invoked mechanism of stochastic resonance that would bring to a synchronization of neural firing and so more spreading and lasting effects.
Complexities and conundrums in mental health$$$ Delegates at the 16th Latest Advances in Psychiatry Symposium held in London in March 2017, were treated to a cornucopia of data and insights from the latest research into a range of psychiatric illnesses. Psychiatry is fully intent on proving its worth with brain imaging, genetics, and many other sophisticated clinical research techniques being used to demonstrate its interventions have value. Steve Titmarsh sat back and took it all in and here reports on some of what intrigued him most.
Novel Augmentation Strategies in Major Depression$$$ Hypothesis The hypotheses of all the four included studies share the common idea that it is possible to augment the effect of antidepressant drug treatment by applying different interventions and with each intervention attain a clinically meaningful better effect compared to a control condition, and with minor side effects, thus improving the short- and medium-term outcome in major depression. Procedures Study design The basic study design has been the double blind randomised controlled trial (RCT). In the light therapy study, all patients were treated with sertraline for the whole of the study duration. In the first five weeks of the study, patients were randomised to treatment with either 60 minutes of bright white or 30 minutes of dim red light (sham condition). In the four weeks follow-up period, patients were treated with sertraline alone. In the Pindolol study, all patients were treated with venlafaxine and randomised to augmentation with either active or placebo matching pindolol tablets. In the PEMF study patients were continued on ongoing medication and randomised to augmentation with active or inactive (sham) 30 minutes daily PEMF treatment on weekdays. In the Chronos study all patients were treated with duloxetine and randomized to either a combination of three wake therapies with daily bright light treatment and sleep time stabilisation (wake group) or to daily exercise of minimum 30 minutes as an active control intervention (exercise group). The Chronos study was divided into: (1) a one-week run-in phase where duloxetine were started (and continued for the whole 29 week study period), (2) a one-week inpatient intervention phase where patient in the wake group did three wake therapies (sleep abstinence for the whole night and the following day until evening) in combination with daily light therapy and guidance on sleep time stabilisation and patients in the exercise group started a daily exercise program, (3) a seven week continuation phase where patient in the wake group continued light therapy and sleep time stabilisation and patients in the exercise group continued an individual exercise program, and (4) a 20 week follow-up phase with the same treatment elements but where duloxetine dosage could be adjusted or changed to other antidepressants. Recruitment Patients recruited for these studies were allocated from general practitioners, psychiatric specialist practices and for the lesser part from open psychiatric wards. Only a few patients were re-cruited through advertisements (in the PEMF and Chronos studies). Inclusion criteria Inclusion criteria were major depression according to the DSM-IV, including a depressive episode as part of a bipolar disorder. For the PEMF study, treatment resistance was a specific inclusion criterion. Duration of studies Study duration was nine weeks for the light therapy study, 19 days for the Pindolol study, five weeks for the PEMF study, and 29 weeks for the Chronos study. Assessments In all studies, assessments were done with clinician rated scales, patient self-assessment scales, including quality of life scales and a side effect scale. As clinician rated scales we used the Hamilton depression rating scale: the HAM-D17 and its 6 item subscale: the HAM-D6, the Bech Rafaelsen Melancholia scale (MES), and the Bech Rafaelsen Mania scale (MAS). As self-assessment scales we used the Major Depression Inventory (MDI), the Symptom Check-list (SCL-92), and the Preskorn scale. For side effects we used the UKU scale. Further scales used are mentioned in the specific study sections. Assessments in the light therapy study were done weekly for the first six weeks and finally after nine weeks; at four time points in the Pindolol study (baseline, days 6, 11 and 19), weekly for five weeks in the PEMF study and weekly for the first nine weeks of the Chronos study and thereafter every four weeks. The clinical setting for evaluation has been the Psychiatric Research Unit at Mental Health Centre North Zealand. For the Bright Light study, Pindolol and PEMF study patients were also seen at a psychiatric specialist practice in Copenhagen. Biochemical measures In the Light therapy study saliva cortisol was collected at baseline before start of light therapy and sertraline and blood was drawn for thyroid analysis. In the Chronos study saliva and 24 hour urine cortisol was collected in the patients randomised to the exercise group. Main results The main results from the Bright Light study covering the first five weeks of the study are given in the PhD thesis "Adjunctive bright light in nonseasonal major depression" defended and awarded on the 18 November 2004 at the University of Copenhagen. Results from the cortisol measurement and for the four weeks extension period were published in separate papers after the PhD thesis and are included in this thesis. Results from the Bright Light study Analysis of the saliva cortisol measurements taken at baseline of the study as cortisol awakening profiles (CAR) showed that patients responded differentially to light treatment according to their CAR levels (dichotomized to high or low about the mean). Thus, in the bright light group HAM-D17 scores were reduced by 15.7 (4.2) points for patients with a low CAR (below mean), and 11.4 (4.8) points for patients with a high CAR (above mean). In the dim light group the corresponding values were 11.1 (5.2) for patients with a low CAR and 11.3 (5.3) for patients with a high CAR. This interaction between CAR and treatment group was statistically significant (p = 0.006). Survival analysis, for the first five weeks of the study period, showed a statistically significant higher response rate (χ2= 9.6, p =0.002) and higher remission rate (χ2 = 12.5, p = 0.0004) for the bright light treated group versus the dim light treated group. At end of the five weeks of light treatment response rates were 66.7% versus 40.7 % and remission rates were 41.7 % versus 14.8 % for the bright versus dim light treated group. In the subsequent publication that covered the four weeks extension period where light treatment was discontinued, data showed that the attained differences in response and remission rates between groups were not sustained. The offset of effect was nearly complete after four weeks of continued treatment on sertraline only. Thus, at end-point, response rates were 79.2 % versus 75.9 % and remission rates were 60 .4 % versus 55.6% in the bright versus dim light groups. The conclusion reached was that bright light in non-seasonal depression should be used to achieve an earlier antidepressant response and that light therapy probably should be of longer duration. Results from the Pindolol study The results from the Pindolol study showed that pindolol did not augment the effect of venlafaxine for the whole sample. However, for those patients classified as slow metabolizers, based on their O-desmethylvenlafaxine/venlafaxine ratio (ODV/V), pindolol did augment the antidepressant effect. For patients classified as fast metabolizers, pindolol worsened the outcome. This interaction between ODV/V ratio and treatment group was statistically significant (p = 0.01). Results from the PEMF study The results from the PEMF Study showed that treatment with active versus sham PEMF augmented the effect of the ongoing anti-depressant medication treatment. Thus, patients in the active PEMF group attained a statistically significant greater score reduction from week one and at all subsequent assessments compared to the sham treated group (p < 0.01). Response and remission rates in the active PEMF group were also larger than in the sham treated group with response rates at endpoint of 61.0 % versus 12.9 % (p < 0.01) and remission rates of 33.9 % versus 4.1 % (p < 0.05). Results from the Chronos study The Chronos study, published in three papers, covers a one-week intervention phase, a seven weeks continuation phase, and a 20 weeks follow-up phase. Results from the intervention week showed that patient treated in the wake group, from the day after the first wake therapy, had en clinically and statistically significant better antidepressant effect compared to the exercise group. On the HAM-D6 scale (which does not contains sleep items), patients in the wake group had a response rate after the first wake therapy of 58.7% versus 13.7% i the exercise group (p <0.0001) and a remission rate of 38.6% versus 2.9% (p <0.0001). After the second recovery sleep (the night after the second wake therapy = dag 5) patients in the wake group had a response rate of 75.0% versus 25.1% in the exercise group (p <0.0001) and remission rates of 58.6% versus 6.0% (p <0.0001). Results from the continuation phase showed, on the HAM-D17 scale which was used at all the following assessments, at week two response rates of 41.4% in the wake group and 12.8% in the exercise group (p = 0.003) and remission rates of 23.9% versus 5.4% (p = 0,004). This clinically relevant and statistically significant difference between the wake and exercise groups was maintained at all the subsequent assessments with response rates of 71.4% versus 47.3% (p = 0.04) and remission rates of 45.6% versus 23.1% (p = 0.04), at week nine. Results from the 20 weeks follow-up phase showed a continued better effect in the wake group at all visits with HAM-D17 depression scored at week 29 of 7.5 (SE = 0.9) in the wake group versus 10.1 (SE = 0.9), (p = 0.02) in the exercise group. Remission rates were higher in the wake group with endpoint rates of 61.9% versus 37.9% (p = 0.01) in the exercise group. Response rates was only numerically, but not statistically, higher in the wake group with 74.6% versus 64.4% in the exercise group (p = 0.22). The sleep diary data showed a statistically smaller day-to-day variation in sleep onset, sleep midpoint, sleep offset and sleep duration in the wake group compared to the exercise group as a sign of better day-to-day sleep-wake cycle control in the wake group (p < 0.01). In the first nine weeks of the study patients in the wake group had a moderate sleep phase advance that diminished during the follow-up period. The hypothesised predictors for response to wake therapy were confirmed. Thus, in the wake group, a positive diurnal variation (morning worst, evening best) was associated with a better out-come, after the wake therapies, compared to a negative diurnal variation (morning best, evening worst). In the exercise group, the reverse was found, as a positive diurnal variation was associated with worse outcome, compared to a negative diurnal variation. This interaction between group and diurnal variation was statistically significant (p = 0.0004). The positive predictive value of response to the first wake therapy (i.e. maintaining response also at week two) was 56.3 % and the negative predictive value of non-response to the first wake therapy (i.e. maintaining no response also at week two) was 75.0 %. The impact of naps on depression severity was examined. In the wake group, patients who napped on the days after wake therapy compared to those patients not napping, had a more severe deterioration at the following assessment at week two (p = 0.02). Patients in the exercise group were able to perform exercise with a mean of 63.0 minutes/day (55.3) for the first eight weeks.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in psychiatric disorders: A review of clinical advances$$$ Psychiatric disorders are the most common debilitating diseases worldwide. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown therapeutic outcomes in different neurophysiology and neuropsychiatric disorders. Despite controversial findings on the therapeutic outcomes of this technique in different psychiatric disorders, researchers emphasize on developing this technique as an alternative or adjunctive modality for these disorders. Depression, different hallucinations, obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), and substance abuse are the main disorders have shown good treatment response to rTMS. This study aims to comprehensively overview the applications and recent advances in rTMS applications in psychiatric disorders. The databases of PubMed (1985-2017), Web of Sciences (1985-2017), Embase (1985-2017), Cochrane Central Library (1985-2017), and Google Scholar (1985-2017) were searched using the keywords of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation OR rTMS AND psychiatric disorders AND treatment. The retrieved records were reviewed, and the relevant studies were selected for further review. Repeated sessions of low frequency (≤5 Hz) rTMS induce long-lasting neural inhibition or depotentiation, whereas high frequency (>5 Hz) induces long-lasting neural excitability or potentiation. Depending on the neural alteration induced by a disorder, low- or high-frequency rTMS is used for the treatment. The rTMS is approved as acute treatment for major depression. The other diseases with promising outcomes are different hallucinations, OCD, and PTSD. rTMS seems to be an alternative or adjunctive therapeutic modality in different psychiatric disorders. To reach efficient clinical application for each disorder, further randomized clinical trials, as well as preclinical studies, are needed.
Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in alcohol use disorder: Effects on dopamine transporter availability and alcohol intake$$$ Background-aim: Experimental and neuroimaging studies suggest a striatal dopaminergic dysfunction in Alcohol Use Disorder (AUD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a new and promising treatment for substance addiction. Preliminary data showed that high-frequency rTMS of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may affect neuroadaptations associated with AUD, possibly reducing craving and alcohol intake. We assessed DAT availability and alcohol intake in AUD treatment-seeking patients before and after deep rTMS by 123I-FP-CIT SPECT. Methods: Our longitudinal pilot study included 14 untreated patients (12M, mean age: 49 ± 10 years) with a DSM-IV diagnosis of AUD and without major psychiatric disorders. After baseline SPECT scan (performed within the first week of enrolment and 24 h from the last drink), 11/14 patients were randomised to a real rTMS (n = 5) or a sham stimulation (n = 6). Each patient underwent 12 rTMS sessions for 1 month (3 sessions per week; 20 trains per session, at an intensity of 100% of the motor threshold; 50 pulses per train at a frequency of 10 Hertz; an inter-train interval of 15 s). A second SPECT scan was carried out at the end of treatment (within 24 h from the last drink). At baseline, the severity of alcohol dependence was measured using the Alcohol Dependence Scale (ADS), whereas the Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale (OCDS) was employed to assess alcohol craving before and after 1 month of rTMS. Anxiety and depression at baseline and after treatment were evaluated by the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory and Zung Depression Self-Rating Scale. The alcohol Timeline Follow-back (TLFB) was used to estimate daily drinking during the 4 weeks prior to enrolment and the 4 weeks of treatment. A 123I-FP-CIT template was generated with images of 20 healthy subjects (HS, 12M, mean age: 47 ± 16 years). Patient scans were spatially normalised to the 123IFP-CIT template by SPM8. The analysis was performed using VOIs selected from a digital atlas; VOI mean activity concentration was obtained through the MarsBaR toolbox and Specific Binding Ratios (SBRs) were calculated in the caudate nuclei and putamina. Results: At baseline, AUD patients showed higher SBRs in the caudate nuclei and putamina (p<0.05) in comparison with HS. No correlations were found between SBRs and ADS or OCDS scores, TLFB parameters, depression and anxiety levels. The two randomised groups did not differ in demographic characteristics, clinical and psychometric parameters as well as SBRs. After treatment, patients submitted to real rTMS showed a reduction in SBRs and differences were no longer detected in comparison with HS. Conversely, patients undergoing sham stimulation had higher SBRs compared with HS (p<0.05) also in the second SPECT. When considering TLFB parameters, a reduction in alcohol intake (p<0.05) was detected only in the real stimulation group. Alcohol craving did not significantly change after rTMS in both patient groups although a mild reduction was observed. Conclusions: Our longitudinal pilot study showed that striatal DAT availability was increased in AUD patients, supporting the assumption of a dysfunctional dopaminergic system. The findings of an SBR “normalisation” and a reduction in alcohol intake after the real stimulation, despite being obtained in a small sample, may suggest a modulatory effect of deep rTMS on dopaminergic terminals and a potential clinical efficacy in AUD patients.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation modulates the impact of a negative mood induction$$$ High frequency repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been found to alleviate depressive symptoms. However, the mechanisms driving these effects are still poorly understood. In the current study, we tested the idea that this intervention protects against negative mood shifts following emotional provocation. We furthermore explored changes in EEG activity (frontal alpha asymmetry) and effects on attentional processing (emotional Stroop). To this end, 23 healthy individuals participated in two sessions separated by one week, whereby they once received 15 min of 10Hz rTMS stimulation (1500 pulses) at 110% of the individual motor threshold, and once sham stimulation. Then, negative mood was induced using sad movie clips. The results revealed a significantly stronger mood decline following rTMS compared to sham stimulation. No changes were observed in frontal alpha asymmetry and attentional processing. Our findings are at odds with the view that high frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC directly protects against the induction of negative mood, but rather suggest that it enhances the effects of emotional provocation. Possibly, in healthy young individuals, this stimulation protocol heightens susceptibility to mood induction procedures in general.
The changes of social performance with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in depressed patients$$$ Objectives The purpose of this study was investigating the effectiveness of rTMS (repetitive transcranial of magnetic stimulation) on increase social performance in patients with recurrent major depression. Method It was used a quasi-experimental, pretest-posttest design with control group, a sample consisting of 32 patients who had depression on the basis of DSM-IV diagnostic criteria, SCID and BDI-II scales and were randomly assigned to two groups. The experimental group underwent 20 sessions of rTMS as the independent factor and both groups (control & experimental) had 12-session psychotherapy and drugs treatment. Upon the intervention, both groups were tested with two tests (BDI-II & SASS). To determine the effect of the independent factor on the dependent factor of rTMS. Data were analyzed by t-test. Results The comparison between pre- & posttest of all the tests showed the reduction of signs & symptoms of depression, (a = 0/05) (Beck scale P≤0/001 & F = 30) and increase social performance in participants (P≤0/001 & F = 83). Conclusion The rTMS is effect in the reduction of signs & symptoms of depression and increase social functioning in recurrent major depression.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: Adverse effects and the efficacy of a commonly utilised sham protocol$$$ Introduction Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising neuromodulation method that has, for example, been used to treat depression. Nevertheless, the adverse effects of tDCS and the validity of the current standard tDCS sham protocols have received limited attention. Objectives To evaluate the extent and types of tDCS adverse effects and to assess the reliability of sham stimulation as a control procedure for tDCS in a double-blind setting. Aims To compare adverse effects between tDCS and sham stimulation groups, and to determine how well the participants and the experimenter are able to distinguish tDCS from sham stimulation. Methods A sample of healthy volunteers received a 20-minute session of either tDCS (n = 41; 2mA) or sham stimulation (n = 41; ramp up 15 s, ramp down 15 s; no current in between). The anode was placed over F3 and cathode over F4. Both the participants and the experimenter reported immediate adverse effects and the perceived likelihood for the participant to receive tDCS. Analyses were conducted using the Mann-Whitney U-test. Results The tDCS group reported more erythema compared with the sham group (P = 0.016, Cohen's D= 0.444). No other significant differences in adverse effects were observed. In the tDCS group, both the participants (P = 0.034, Cohen's D= 0.612) and the experimenter (P = 0.006, Cohen's D= 0.674) reported a higher perceived likelihood of the participant receiving tDCS than in the sham group. Conclusions tDCS has only modest adverse effects. Nevertheless, the current standard sham protocol appears insufficient.
Outcomes assessment: Reliable change index (RCI) in assessing health outcomes in clinical practice$$$ Introduction The assessment of therapeutic outcomes and the evaluation of treatment efficiency and effectiveness is an area of interest for clinicians and researchers. Scientific evidence demands randomized controlled trials and inter-groups comparisons with a minimum number of participants in each treatment modality, a requirement rarely feasible in clinical practice where the assessment of treatment outcomes, with regards to therapeutic goals, is crucial both in terms of statistical significance and clinical relevance. Objective The aim of this poster is to present an alternative methodology which permits to evaluate the individual's change. Method The reliable change index methodology allows for the estimation of statistical significance (statistically reliable change) and clinical relevance (calculation of cutoff points and its interpretation criteria). Two examples are presented: a group of patients with asthma in treatment and a female with major depression who underwent electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Results/discussion Both cases were analyzed using standardized statistical analyses and the RCI method in order to estimate clinical change. The results illustrated the adequacy of both procedures for decision making in terms of effectiveness. However the RCI offered greater specificity with regards to individual changes. More specifically, RCI provided a more concrete estimation of the proportion of cases of asthma that showed change after the intervention, and also, indicated if such change were not only statistically significant, but also clinically relevant. Besides, when a single case was assessed (ex: ECT case) this methodology proved useful to estimate the efficacy of a continuation and maintenance program.
Pharmacological and psychotherapeutic interventions for management of post-stroke depression: A Bayesian network meta-analysis of 27 randomized controlled trials$$$ Background Post-stroke depression (PSD) constitutes an important complication of stroke, leading to great disability as well as increased mortality. Since which treatment for PSD should be preferred are still matters of controversy, we aimed to compare and rank these treatments. Methods We did a network meta-analysis to incorporate both direct and indirect evidence from relevant trials by Bayesian random effects model. We searched PubMed, the Cochrane Library Central Register of Controlled Trials, Scopus, Embase for randomized controlled trials of different PSD treatments. The primary outcomes were efficacy and tolerability. We assessed the quality of evidence using the GRADE framework. Result From 1347 citations, 27 randomised trials with a total of 1620 participants were included in this network meta-analysis. In terms of primary outcome, only for reboxetione (standardised mean difference [SMD] -12.84, 95% credible interval [CrI] -23.13 to -2.65) and nortriptyline (SMD -7.95, 95% CrI -14.85 to -1.75) enough evidence existed to support superiority compared with placebo. No significant difference was observed in terms tolerability. Considering patient response rate, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was statistically more effective than sertraline plus nimodipine (Relative risk [RR] 5.53, 95% CrI 1.36 to 23.86) and fluoxetine (RR 10.74, 95% CrI 3.55 to 35.97) Conclusion Compared with placebo, reboxetione and nortriptyline offered a clear advantage for PSD patients. rTMS is probably the best option to consider in addition of pharmacological treatment. Nevertheless, doctors need to consider our results together with all known safety and economy information when selecting the strategy for individual patients.
Corticospinal excitability predicts antidepressant response to rTMS$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a treatment option for patients with medication-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD). However, antidepressant response is variable and there are currently no response predictors with sufficient accuracy for clinical use. Here we report on results of an observational openlabel study to determine whether the modulatory effect of 10 Hz motor cortex (MC) rTMS is predictive of the antidepressant effect of 10 Hz DLPFC rTMS. Fifty-one medication-resistant MDD patients were enrolled for a 10-day treatment course of DLPFC rTMS and antidepressant response was assessed according to post-treatment reduction of the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score. Prior to treatment, we assessed the modulation of motor evoked potential (MEP) amplitude by MC rTMS. We measured MEP's to single pulse TMS using surface electromyography, before and afterMCrTMS, and calculatedMEPmodulation as the change of mean MEP amplitude afterMCrTMS. MEP modulation proved to be a robust predictor of reduction of clinician-rated depression severity following the course of DLPFC rTMS: larger MC rTMS-induced increase of corticospinal excitability anticipated a better antidepressant response. These findings suggest that MC rTMS-induced modulation of corticospinal excitability warrants further evaluation as a potential predictive biomarker of antidepressant response to left DLPFC 10 Hz rTMS, and could inform future developments of rTMS to treat depression.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials$$$ Background Every year, more than fifteen million people worldwide experience a stroke, nearly 30% of stroke survivors are likely to experience post-stroke depression (PSD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is one of the emerging techniques which assist in targeting rehabilitation after stroke. Although deterioration of PSD greatly affects the recovery and quality of life of stroke sufferers, the effect of rTMS therapy has not been systematically studied. Objective A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to determine the effect of rTMS on PSD. Methods We carried out a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of rTMS for the treatment of PSD. Primary outcome was severity of depression measured by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD). Secondary outcomes were response rates, remission rates, stroke severity and ability to perform daily activities. Results 22 RCTs studies (n=1764 patients) were included. The results demonstrated that rTMS was beneficial on PSD using three scales: HAMD (MD=−6.09, 95% CI: −7.74, −4.45, P<0.001); response rates (OR=3.46, 95% CI: 2.52, 4.76, P<0.00001); remission rates (OR 0.99, 95% CI: 0.56, 1.75, P<0.00001); National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) (MD=−2.74, 95% CI: −3.33, −2.15, P<0.001); Activities of daily living (ADL) (SMD=−1.20, 95% CI: 0.68, 1.72, P<0.001); Montgomery-Asberg Depression Scale (MARDE) (MD=−6.21; 95% CI: −9.34, −3.08; P=0.0001); Conclusion In present meta-analysis, the positive findings suggest rTMS has beneficial effects on PSD. However, those findings should be treated with caution because of heterogeneity and potential biases.
New developments in the management of partial-onset epilepsy: Role of brivaracetam$$$ Currently, a number of novel anticonvulsant drugs, the so-called third generation, are in various stages of development. Several of them are already available or in ongoing clinical trials. These new compounds should take advantage of new insights into the basic pathophysiology of epileptogenesis, drug metabolism and drug interactions. Many of them still need to be further evaluated mainly in real-world observational trials and registries. Among newer anticonvulsant drugs for partial-onset seizures (POSs), rufinamide, lacosamide, eslicarbazepine and perampanel are those new treatment options for which more substantial clinical evidence is currently available, both in adults and, to some extent, in children. Among the newest anticonvulsant drugs, brivaracetam, a high-affinity synaptic vesicle protein 2A ligand, reported to be 10- to 30-fold more potent than levetiracetam, is highly effective in a broad range of experimental models of focal and generalized seizures. Unlike levetiracetam, brivaracetam does not inhibit high-voltage Ca2+ channels and AMPA receptors and appears to inhibit neuronal voltage-gated sodium channels playing a role as a partial antagonist. Brivaracetam has a linear pharmacokinetic profile, is extensively metabolized and is excreted by urine (only 8%–11% unchanged). It does not seem to influence the pharmacokinetics of other antiepileptic drugs. It was approved in the European Union in January 2016 and in the US in February 2016 as an adjunctive therapy for the treatment of POS in patients older than 16 years of age. To date, its clinical efficacy as adjunctive antiepileptic treatment in adults with refractory POS at doses between 50 and 200 mg daily has been extensively assessed in two Phase IIb and four Phase III randomized controlled studies. Long-term extension studies show sustained efficacy of brivaracetam. Overall, the drug is generally well tolerated with only mild-to-moderate side effects. This is true also by intravenous route. Brivaracetam has not yet been evaluated as monotherapy or in comparison with other new anticonvulsant drugs.
Prefrontal tDCS and sertraline in obsessive compulsive disorder: a case report and review of the literature$$$ Obsessive-compulsive (OC) disorder is a disabling disorder resulting in tremendous individual and social burden. It has a large overlap with depression and anxiety disorders and shows treatment resistance in a relevant proportion of patients. Since a couple of years, different noninvasive brain stimulation methods have been investigated to improve OC symptoms. The application of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown inconsistent results which can probably be attributed to a lack in randomized controlled trials with adequate sample size. Anodal stimulation of pre-supplementary motor areas has shown promising results, and there is also sparse data on orbitofrontal and prefrontal stimulation. Here, we provide the first report on a patient with treatment-refractory OC disorder treated with sertraline and an enhanced prefrontal tDCS protocol (twice per day, 10 days) with a classic left-anodal/right cathodal montage, experiencing a 22% reduction of OC symptoms as well as reduction in depression (−10%) and anxiety symptoms (−21%). Due to multifactorial origin of OC disorder and the variety of brain circuits involved, there are probably multiple approaches for brain stimulation regarding site, polarity, and frequency to be assessed in future studies.
Key updates in the clinical application of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ ECT is the oldest and most effective therapy available for the treatment of severe major depression. It is highly effective in individuals with treatment resistance and when a rapid response is required. However, ECT is associated with memory impairment that is the most concerning side-effect of the treatment, substantially contributing to the controversy and stigmatization surrounding this highly effective treatment. There is overwhelming evidence for the efficacy and safety of an acute course of ECT for the treatment of a severe major depressive episode, as reflected by the recent FDA advisory panel recommendation to reclassify ECT devices from Class III to the lower risk category Class II. However, its application for other indications remains controversial, despite strong evidence to the contrary. This article reviews the indication of ECT for major depression, as well as for other conditions, including catatonia, mania, and acute episodes of schizophrenia. This study also reviews the growing evidence supporting the use of maintenance ECT to prevent relapse after an acute successful course of treatment. Although ECT is administered uncommonly to patients under the age of 18, the evidence supporting its use is also reviewed in this patient population. Finally, memory loss associated with ECT and efforts at more effectively monitoring and reducing it are reviewed.
Comparative efficacy and acceptability of electroconvulsive therapy versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: A systematic review and multiple-treatments meta-analysis$$$ Backgrounds The effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and bilateral, left prefrontal, and right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on major depressive disorder (MDD) have not been adequately addressed by previous studies. Here, a multiple-treatments meta-analysis, which incorporates evidence from direct and indirect comparisons from a network of trials, was performed to assess the efficacy and acceptability of these four treatment modalities on MDD. Method The literature was searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on ECT, bilateral rTMS, and unilateral rTMS for treating MDD up to May 2016. The main outcome measures were response and drop-out rates. Results Data were obtained from 25 studies consisting of 1288 individuals with MDD. ECT was non-significantly more efficacious than B-rTMS, R-rTMS, and L-rTMS. Left prefrontal rTMS was non −significantly less efficacious than all other treatment modalities. In terms of acceptability, R-rTMS was non-significantly better tolerated than ECT, B-rTMS, and L-rTMS. ECT was the most efficacious treatment with the cumulative probabilities of being the most efficacious treatment being: ECT (65%), B-rTMS (25%), R-rTMS (8%), and L-rTMS (2%). R-rTMS was the best-tolerated treatment with the cumulative probabilities of being the best-tolerated treatment being: R-rTMS (52%), B-rTMS (17%), L-rTMS (16%), and ECT (14%). Coherence analysis detected no statistically significant incoherence in any comparisons of direct with indirect evidence for the response rate and drop-out rate. Conclusions ECT was the most efficacious, but least tolerated, treatment, while R-rTMS was the best tolerated treatment for MDD. B-rTMS appears to have the most favorable balance between efficacy and acceptability.
The Effects of 10-Hz Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation on Depression in Chronic Stroke Patients$$$ Background Half of all stroke patients experience depression, which adversely affects functional recovery. To improve functional outcomes, post-stroke depressive symptoms require more effective management strategies. Objective This study examined whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) can manage post-stroke depression and improve motor function. Methods This study was a single-center, prospective, double blind, sham-controlled preliminary study. Twenty-four patients with chronic stroke were randomly assigned to two groups: (1) the rTMS group, in which patients received ten sessions of high-frequency (10 Hz) stimulation; and (2) the sham group, in which patients received ten sessions of sham stimulation. Functional recovery was assessed at two time points before the intervention (four weeks and one day) and two time points after the intervention (one day and four weeks), using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), 17-item version of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D17), upper (MI-UE) and lower limb Motricity Indices (MI-LE), modified Brunnstrom Classification (MBC), and Functional Ambulatory Category (FAC) assessments. Results At both post-intervention time points, BDI and HAM-D17 in the rTMS group were significantly decreased compared to those in the sham group (Mann–Whitney U test, p < 0.05) and compared to pre-intervention time points (Wilcoxon's test, p < 0.017). However, no significant changes in MI-UE, MI-LE, MBC, and FAC were found. Conclusions Our results suggest that rTMS is a beneficial therapeutic modality for managing depression after stroke.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left DLPFC for major depression: Session-dependent efficacy: A meta-analysis$$$ Background Depression is a major debilitating psychiatric disorder. Current antidepressant drugs are often associated with side effects or treatment resistance. The aim of this meta-analysis was to evaluate therapeutic effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) in major depression (MD). Methods The medical data bases of PubMed, Medline, Embase and Cochrane Central Register were searched for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) reporting the therapeutic effects of high-frequency rTMS for depression, which were published in English between January 1990 and June 2016. The index terms were “depress*”, “depression” and “transcranial magnetic stimulation”. Depression outcome data of different sessions (5, 10, 15, and 20 sessions of rTMS treatment) were extracted and synthesized by calculating standardized mean difference (SMD) with 95% confidence intervals (CI) by using a random-effect model. Within each session group, the subgroup analyses based on the number of pulses (≤ 1000, 1200–1500, 1600–1800, and 2000–3000) were also conducted. Results Thirty RCTs with a total of 1754 subjects including 1136 in the rTMS group and 618 in the sham group were included in this meta-analysis. rTMS had a significant overall therapeutic effect on depression severity scores (SMD = −0.73, P < 0.00001). The five, 10, 15, 20 sessions of rTMS treatments yielded the significant mean effect sizes of −0.43, −0.60, −1.13, and −2.74, respectively. In the four groups (5, 10, 15, 20 sessions), the maximal mean effect size was all obtained in the subgroup of 1200–1500 pulses per day (−0.97, −1.14, −1.91, −5.47; P < 0.05). Conclusions The increasing of HF-rTMS sessions is associated with the increased efficacy of HF-rTMS in reducing depressed patients’ symptom severity. A total number of pulses of 1200–1500 per day appear to deliver the best antidepressant effects of HF-rTMS.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation: Basic Principles and Clinical Applications in Migraine$$$ Purpose: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a neurophysiological technique with a long established pedigree of safety, tolerability, and efficacy. Initially TMS was used to study the function of the cerebral cortex, but it has now become a treatment for migraine, one of the most common and debilitating neurological conditions. In this review we discuss the scientific background and development of the technique. We explore its application for the treatment of migraine and ponder the possible mechanisms of action in this most common neurological condition. Overview: The generation of brief magnetic pulses by a suitable coil can induce electrical fields in the body. When applied to the cerebral cortex, currents are painlessly induced in cortical neurons. These currents can lead to neuronal depolarization and may influence cortical excitability by means that are as yet not fully understood. This ability to modulate cortical excitability has been exploited as a treatment for migraine with aura. Aura is implicated in the pathophysiology of migraine. Experimental studies have shown that transcranial magnetic pulses can block waves of cortical spreading depression – the experimental equivalent of migrainous aura. Discussion: Migraine is a debilitating condition characterized by headache, nausea, and sensory hypersensitivity. It may affect up to 15% of the population, yet current drug treatments are often poorly tolerated. Clinical studies have shown that TMS is an effective treatment for migraine. In addition, it has the added advantages of being safe and well tolerated by patients.
Treatment-emergent mania/hypomania during antidepressant treatment with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS): A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background Treatment-emergent mania/hypomania (TEM) is a possible adverse effect of pharmacological and non-pharmacological antidepressant treatments. Objective We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis to evaluate the risk of TEM in depressed patients during randomized, sham-controlled trials (RCTs). Data sources Medline database, from the first date available to August 12, 2016. Results From 283 references, 10 RCTs were identified. Only 3 of them described TEM. In active and sham groups, respectively, only 8 of 226 (3.5%) and 1 of 190 (0.5%) participants presented TEM. This difference was not statistically significant (OR = 1.79, 95% CI = 0.6 to 5.32). There were also five additional reports of TEM in participants not on RCTs. No risk factors for TEM were identified. Limitations Low number of studies and TEM reports. Conclusion Despite previous reports, active vs. sham tDCS was not associated with a significantly greater number of TEM episodes.
ASSERT trial – How to assess the safety and efficacy of a high frequency rTMS in postpartum depression ? A multicenter, double blinded, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background Postpartum Depression affects a considerable number of women worldwide. This condition inflicts severe consequences to mother and child health. Thus far, available treatments have low response and high relapse rates. We designed this trial to evaluate a safe and more efficacious innovative therapy. Aims To report a feasible and ethical study design to assess the safety and efficacy of a high frequency repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation 10 Hz (rTMS) compared to sham rTMS in women with moderate to severe Post-Partum Depression using standard treatment (sertraline). To conduct an ancillary, exploratory, randomized, active controlled, double blind study with a hypothesis to assess the safety and efficacy of 10 Hz rTMS compared to sertraline. Methods A multicenter, parallel arm, randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind design to assess safety and efficacy of 10 Hz rTMS compared to sham. An ancillary study will be conducted with parallel arm, randomized, active controlled and double dummy design to assess safety and efficacy of 10 Hz rTMS compared to sertraline.
Effect of antipsychotic pharmacotherapy on clinical outcomes of intermittent theta-burst stimulation for refractory depression$$$ Theta-burst stimulation is an emerging protocol for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation that takes 1-3 min to administer, yet offers equal/superior potency to conventional protocols lasting 30-60 min. However, preclinical evidence suggests that D2 receptor blockade may abolish the acute effects of theta-burst stimulation on synaptic facilitation or inhibition. As many patients presenting for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation are taking antipsychotic medications as augmentation for treatment-resistant depression, this finding is potentially concerning for the implementation of theta-burst stimulation in clinical settings. Here, we examined whether treatment-resistant depression patients taking antipsychotics have worse outcomes after a course of intermittent theta-burst stimulation. A chart review identified 105 treatment-resistant depression patients who underwent dorsomedial prefrontal-intermittent theta-burst stimulation; clinical outcomes on Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Beck Depression Inventory were compared for those taking and not taking antipsychotics. The 29 of 105 patients who were taking antipsychotics showed non-significantly better response and remission rates, and non-significantly larger percentage improvements on both scales, with a positive but non-significant correlation between higher antipsychotic dose and larger percentage improvement. Contrary to expectations, outcomes were not significantly worse, and in some analyses trended towards being better, in patients taking antipsychotics. Future randomized controlled studies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with standardized dopaminergic manipulations may be justified and warranted.
Cortico-cortical and cortico-striatal resting-state functional connectivity differentially predicts response to 10 hz rTMS and intermittent TBS to the DLPFC$$$ Introduction: Conventional rTMS for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) targets the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using 10 Hz stimulation over 37.5 minutes. Briefer protocols, such as 3-minute intermittent theta-burst (iTBS), could improve rTMS accessibility in TRD. However, it is not fully known what aspects of brain functional connectivity predict either or both treatments. The aim of this study is to identify the resting-state functional predictors of treatment response to 10 Hz stimulation and iTBS over the left DLPFC. Methods: 330 TRD patients were randomized to one of two treatment conditions: 10 Hz or intermittent TBS over the left DLPFC. Treatments occurred once daily for 4-6 weeks, for a total of 20-30 sessions. Primary outcome measures included the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, and the Beck Depression Inventory. On MRI, patients underwent a T1 anatomical and 10-minute resting-state functional scan prior to and the week following treatment. In accordance with previous findings, we completed a seed-to-voxel based approach using cortical and striatal seeds to determine differential functional connectivity predictive of treatment response in the two treatment conditions. Results: In both treatment conditions, treatment response followed a nonnormal, bimodal distribution with distinct rTMS-responsive and nonresponsive groups; outcome distributions showed no significant differences. On resting-state functional connectivity, lower functional connectivity from the ventral striatum to the bilateral frontal pole predicted treatment response in one group, while in the other, lower functional connectivity from the left DLPFC to the left anterior cingulate cortex predicted treatment response. Discussion: It appears that cortico-cortico and and cortico-striatal functional connectivity differentiates response to two different rTMS treatment protocols. This difference in predictors and correlates of outcomes was evident even though both treatments achieved very similar clinical outcomes. Further work will also characterize how functional connectivity changes in responders over the course of treatment in both groups.
Behavioural and neurophysiological effects of transcranial electrical stimulation (TES) in healthy and depressed individuals: A TMS-EEG study$$$ Introduction: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been shown to improve cognition in healthy and neuropsychiatric populations. Recent research has suggested that transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) may be more effective at modulating cognition. However, there is limited research directly comparing the efficacy of these two methods, and their precise neurophysiological underpinnings remain unclear. This study investigated the efficacy of tDCS and tRNS in improving working memory (WM) performance in healthy and depressed individuals, and compared their neurophysiological impact. Methods: Ninety-participants (45 healthy, 45 MDD) received 20-minutes of either tDCS (current density=0.03mA/cm2, anodal over the left DLPFC), tRNS (100-640Hz with a 1mA DC offset), or sham stimulation. Groups were matched on age, gender, education, depression severity, and WM ability. WM was assessed before and after tES using the Sternberg WM task. Single-pulse TMS-EEG was conducted before and after tES, with TMS delivered over the left DLPFC. Results: Preliminary behavioural data is available for 65 participants (32 healthy; 33 MDD). For healthy individuals, a significant improvement in Sternberg accuracy was observed following tRNS, but not tDCS or sham, F(2,32)=6.59, p <.01. For depressed individuals, a significant improvement in Sternberg reaction time was observed following tDCS stimulation, but not tRNS or sham, F(2,33)=4.60, p<.05. Analysis of TMS-EEG data will be presented at the conference and will examine changes in local and global cortical excitability via analysis of the amplitude of TMS-evoked potentials. Discussion: This study presents preliminary evidence that tRNS may be more effective than tDCS at improving WM performance in healthy individuals. Further, the dissociation in behavioural outcomes between healthy and depressed groups suggests that the underlying neurophysiology of these populations may differ, and these differences may influence the outcome of tES. Exploration of these underlying neurophysiological differences will be presented at the conference following analysis of TMSEEG data.
RTMS in depression-accelerating response to therapy$$$ Purpose: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is now a well-established new treatment modality for patients with depressive disorders that has been assessed across a large range of controlled studies. However, response to treatment is typically slow and standard courses require 4 to 6 weeks of treatment sessions conducted five days per week, a practical burden for many patients. There is increasing interest in the development of high dose and accelerated treatment protocols although few studies to date have compared accelerated and standard methods of TMS administration. Methods: We have conducted a randomised controlled trial comparing a standard daily rTMS course over four weeks to an accelerated course of TMS treatment involving the same overall dose of therapy applied during three days in week one, two days in week two and one day week three. Results: No difference in treatment outcome was found between accelerated and the standard forms of rTMS treatment. There was a slightly higher dropout rate in the accelerated group but no marked difference in overall treatment tolerability. Anecdotally, accelerated treatment was extremely popular with patients. Conclusions: There is emerging evidence that rTMS for patients with depression can be successfully applied in novel schedules over shorter periods of time. Accelerated treatment approaches have potential to make access to TMS more flexible and practical for some patients.
Repetitive brain stimulation induces long-term plasticity across patient populations and spatial scales$$$ Introduction: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) targets specific brain networks and rTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is a commonly used treatment for major depression. However, our understanding of the mechanism by which TMS exerts its antidepressant effect is minimal and we currently lack a neural circuit biomarker to predict and track clinical outcome. Methods: 35 patients were randomized to receive either daily rTMS or sham stimulation. Left dlpfc rTMS was applied at 10Hz for 20 consecutive weekdays. Single pulse TMS-induced evoked potentials (TEPs) were recorded before and after treatment. Clinical outcome was assessed with MADRS and HAMD screening scores. In addition, intracranial electrode monitoring in an epilepsy population provided electrophysiological evidence of acute brain network effects following repetitive stimulation to the dlPFC. Results: Daily rTMS elicited significant changes in the TEPs across distributed regions, most evident in the p200 potential. The strength of P200 prior to rTMS strongly correlation with clinical outcome and localized to bilateral DLPFC, MPFC, and ACC. TEP changes were accompanied by a frontal reduction in early gamma and a more distributed late alpha power suppression. Finally, parallel intracortical 10Hz dlPFC stimulation induced a long-lasting (∼30 min) reduction in the early (20-50ms) potential, which corresponded to gamma power suppression. Discussion: Daily rTMS induces long-lasting cortical neuromodulatory effects temporally and spatially removed from the location of stimulation, but are highly predictive of clinical outcome. Mechanistically, non-invasive and invasive studies suggest that rTMS induces a reduction in early, local evoked gamma power and an increase in later alpha power, suggesting decreased early local excitatory drive and increased later network-level interactions. Future applications include utilization of this EEG biomarker to optimize stimulation site, monitor treatment efficacy, and predict treatment outcome.
Dual-target rTMS as treatment protocol for parkinson's disease$$$ Introduction: The approach intended evaluating treatment potential of dual-target navigated rTMS in Parkinson's disease (PD) patients. We aimed at the M1 target for motor symptoms and at the left DLPFC for frequently co-occuring depression. Methods: Forty eight patients with PD were initially enrolled for a randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. They were randomly assigned to either an actively treated (n = 23) or a placebo sham-stimulation (n=23) groups. Navigated robotized nrTMS was assisted by the SmartMove™. The 10Hz rTMS was performed sequentially over 2 targets: the primary motor cortex (M1, 1st sub-session of 20 min, 100 % of the RMT) and the DLPFC (2nd sub-session of 20 min, 110 % of the RMT). Overall, patients received a total of 20 sessions on 20 consecutive days. Outcome measures included the MDS-UPDRS Motor Examination part (Part 3) scale, Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II) and Depression Anxiety Stress Scales (DASS); A two-way ANOVAs with the factors of Group (2: active vs. sham stimulation) and Time (3: baseline, after 10th and 20th rTMS sessions) were performed. Results: The Motor Examination Part scores demonstrated selective and clinically meaningful improvement only in the active treatment group (Group×Time interaction: F(1,88)= 44,06 p<.001). In this group individual scores progressively decreased from 10th to 20th sessions clearly exceeding the minimal clinically important difference threshold of 3.25 points. As for depression scores, statistically significant effect of the factor of Time from the 2-way ANOVAs (Group (2)×Time (2: baseline, 20th session)) for BDI-2 (F(1,44)=4.48, p <.040) and DASS depression (F(1,44)= 15.34, p <.000) scales index significant and equivalent for both groups improvement after the 20th session. Discussion: The findings demonstrate the beneficial effects of the dual target nrTMS in PD. It is suggested that the dual-target HF-rTMS triggered the large scale neuronal plasticity up-regulation thereby contributing to clinical improvements in motor and affective domains.
Preliminary results from a randomized sham-controlled trial of augmentative neuro-navigated right-dorsolateral prefrontal cortex low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for antidepressant non-responding bipolar depression$$$ Introduction: Depressive and anxiety symptoms in bipolar disorders respond poorly to antidepressants and mood stabilisers. Single-arm evidence showed >50% bipolar depressed patients responded to right DLPFC 1Hz Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS). We report preliminary results from a study aiming to determine the acute anti-depressive and anti-anxiety effectiveness of 3-week, 5 sessions/week of neuronavigated 1-Hz Right DLPFC rTMS for antidepressant non-responding bipolar depressed patients already on mood stabiliser. Methods: 12 subjects (bipolar I: n=6, bipolar II: n=6) on mood stabilisers and lacking response to at least 6 weeks of antidepressant treatment were randomly assigned to 15 daily sessions of active (n=7) (Neuronavigated (Brainsight, Rogue Research Inc®), 1 Hz, 110% MT, 5 trains of 60 stimuli, total= 300 stimuli (Magstim ® Rapid2)) or sham (neuro-navigated, 1Hz, 5 trains of 60 stimuli, total =300 stimuli from sham coil) (n=5) rTMS. All had concurrent mood stabiliser drugs with no prescription changes during study period. The subjects and outcome assessors were blinded to allocation status. Primary outcomes: > 50% Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAM-A) reduction by week 3. Secondary outcome: emergence of hypomanic episodes (SCID-I) by week 3. Results: At week 3, 1 of the 7 receiving active rTMS vs 1 of 5 receiving sham rTMSshowed > 50% reduction of MADRS scores atweek 3, with no significant between-group difference (Likelihood Ratio 0.068, df=1, p=0.80). 3 of the 7 who had active rTMS and none who had shamrTMS showed >50% reduction of HAMA score by end of week 3 (Likelihood Ratio 3.94, df=1, p=0.047). Hypomanic episodes were found in 2 out of the 5 sham-control participants. Discussion: The anti-anxiety effectiveness of neuro-navigated low-frequency rTMS appears promising but as for the effect on depressive symptoms, remains to be evaluated in bipolar depressed patients.
Neurobiological mechanisms of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS): A systematic review$$$ Neurobiological mechanisms of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dtms): a systematic review Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) with H-coil is a noninvasive stimulation of presumably deep brain regions. The current study systematically reviewed the literature on the neurobiological mechanisms of DTMS. Following a systematic literature search of PsycInfo and Medline (until August 2016) and hand search, k=8 open-label studies and k=7 randomized controlled trials with n=155 participants (n=47 healthy, n=10 psychiatric, n=98 neurological patients) were included in the qualitative synthesis. Neurobiological effects of DTMS were indirectly measured using electromyography (k=4), functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI; k=2), hormonal assays (k=2), language (k=2) and motor functioning assessments (k=5). Compared to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with figure-of-eight coil, DTMS with H-coil reached threshold for motor activation at larger distances from the scalp, produced longer motor evoked potential (MEP) latencies at threshold, and activated larger brain volume (k=4; n=47 healthy participants). fMRI studies (n=1 each with tinnitus or major depression patients) showed activation associated with improvements in episodic and working memory following high-frequency DTMS with H1-coil. Compared with sham conditions, brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), cortisol, and prolactin levels were lower after high-frequency DTMS with H-coil (k=2; n=13 healthy and n=9 alcohol dependent cases). In addition, language, motor functioning (k=5; n=5 stroke, n=46 Parkinson's disease, n=11 aphasia cases) and limb pain (k=1; n=23 neuropathy cases) improved after high-frequency DTMS relative to sham or baseline conditions. After low-frequency DTMS, clinical and electrophysiological functioning were ameliorated relative to sham condition in benign essential blepharospasm (k=1; n=12). The indirect evidence suggests that compared to rTMS, DTMS might stimulate less focal but possibly deeper regions, beyond the cortical areas. More evidence using homogeneous stimulation paradigms is necessary to determine the depth of stimulation.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) side effect characterization for treatment resistant depression: Non-inferiority rTMS trial$$$ rTMS is a non-invasive neurostimulation treatment used for Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD). Conventional 10 Hz treatment (HFL) is the standard treatment, however a newer intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) has shown promisse in terms of efficacy. This pilot study aims at comparing tolerability and safety profile of HFL vs. iTBS. We provide an in depth characterization of the time course of the side effect profiles of both interventions. 20 TRD patients received 20-30 treatment sessions and were randomly selected to receive either treatment course. Detailed information was obtained re hours of sleep, alcohol/substance use, and medications. Side effects and adverse events were systematically inquired about both with free recall as well as prompting questions for pain, tingling, burning, fatigue, nervousness, headache, disturbed visual perception/ sleep/ concentration, visual flash. This was completed immediately post-treatment and before the next treatment to gauge delayed phenomena. No patients dropped out of the study. Common side effects include headache( 5.2%) and fatigue(0.74%) with majority reporting mild severity. Of 20 participants,12 reported at least 1 incidence of headache, fatigue(3), or sleep issues(3). Only 2.4% of treatments required an analgesic for headache. Side effects were reported more frequently within the first 10 treatments with a steady decrease over time. Most side effects reported were self-limited and lasted < 24hrs. Both treatment conditions have similar side effect and AE reporting trajectories with HFL treatment associated with slightly higher rates of concentration, fatigue, and nervousness. No treatment-related serious AE or seizure was reported during either treatment. One patient completed suicide while going through the course of rTMS HFL tended to be associated to higher rates of concentration disturbance, fatigue and nervousness compared to iTBS. Both treatments were tolerated well and no drop-outs due to side effects occurred in either treatment modality.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) improves cognitive-motor performance in older adults with cerebral microvascular disease$$$ Introduction: Cerebral microvascular disease (CMD) is characterized by accumulation of ischemic damage to frontal and subcortical regions of the brain caused by chronic hypoperfusion relative to metabolic demand. This damage results in a unique clinical phenotype of cognitive “executive” dysfunction, slow gait and depressed affect. These unique cognitive-motor symptoms are linked to reduced capacity to effectively modulate cerebral blood flow and ultimately, activate the fronto-parietal “executive control” brain network in response to a given task. Noninvasive modulation of neuronal excitability within this network-dvia transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS)dthus holds great promise as a therapeutic strategy to mitigate the symptoms of CMD. Methods: A pilot, double-blinded, block-randomized, sham-controlled trial was conducted in 20 adults (9 women; age=81±10 years) with CMD defined by significant burden of “white matter hyperintensities” on structural brain MRI and concomitant slow gait (<0.90m/s) and poor performance on the Trail Making Test of executive function (≤25%ile of age and education-matched norms). The 2-week tDCS intervention consisted of 10 sessions of real or sham tDCS designed to facilitate excitability of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Assessments of mobility, balance under normal and cognitive “dual task” conditions, cognition and mood were completed at baseline, immediately after intervention and 2-weeks thereafter. Results: Intervention compliance was high (95±7%) and no adverse events or unexpected side effects were reported. The real tDCS intervention group, as compared to sham, exhibited marked improvements to balance (i.e., standing postural sway) under normal and “dual task” conditions over the 2-week follow-up period; p<0.008). Similar effects or trends were observed for gait speed (p<0.05), the TrailMaking Test (p=0.11), the Timed Up-and-Go mobility test (p=0.09) and the Geriatric Depression Scale (p=0.10). Discussion: These preliminary results suggest that tDCS is safe for older adults suffering from CMD and may positively impact cognitive-motor function within this vulnerable population.
Response to high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is unaffected by number of treatment sessions in major depression: A systematic meta-analysis of randomized, sham-controlled trials$$$ Background: High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) appears to have acute antidepressant properties. Studies have suggested that a higher number of sessions increases response rate: patients with major depression (MD) have achieved clinical response criteria between the 13th and 15th sessions and even after 5weeks. The aim of this meta-analysis was to determine if number of sessions is related to the antidepressant effects of HF-rTMS. Method: Following a systematic literature search of Pubmed/Medline and PsycInfo, randomized, sham-controlled trials from 1999 to 2016 comparing the response % in patients with MD were included. The odds ratio (OR) was used as effect size measure to evaluate the effectiveness of TMS vs. sham. In case of heterogeneity in effect sizes, number of sessions as well as other variables (number of trains and pulses, frequency, intertrain interval) were evaluated. Results: The search resulted in 57 publications, totaling 1447 patients receiving real TMS and 1299 sham TMS. The response rate of > 40% improvement in the TMS condition was significantly higher than in the sham condition (OR = 3.54; 95% Confidence interval: 2.66 - 4.69, p = 0.000). Heterogeneity between studies was high (Q=79.88, p=0.020). Only number of trains influenced the OR, i.e., an increase in number of trains was associated with a decrease in the odds of response in the TMS vs. sham condition (β= 0.02, z = -3.66, p = 0.0003). Number of sessions did not influence the odds of response in the TMS vs. sham condition (β= 0.03, z = 1.07, p = 0.28). Conclusions: This review suggests that the TMS effect is uninfluenced by the number of sessions. Alternatively, it seems to be negatively correlated with the number of trains. More studies submitting patients to > 20 sessions are needed.
Low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (STMS) for treatment of depression: Results from an openlabel extension study$$$ Introduction: sTMS uses rotating magnets to deliver low-field stimulation synchronized to an individual's alpha EEG frequency. Studies show significant antidepressant effects after 4-6 weeks of sTMS (20-30 treatments). This study examined response to sTMS in subjects who completed a six-week double-blind randomized sham-controlled sTMS trial and entered a four-week open-label extension phase. We hypothesized that subjects who had received prior sham treatment would show a greater improvement of symptoms during open-label treatment than those who had received prior active treatment (20 vs. 50 total treatments). Methods: 92 medication-free subjects failed to reach remission in the sham-controlled trial and entered a subsequent four-week open-label phase (20 treatments). 47 previously received active sTMS and 45 sham sTMS. 83 subjects completed all 10 weeks. Depression severity was assessed weekly using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD17). Results: Subjects who previously received active sTMS had lower mean HamD17 scores at the start of the open-label phase versus those receiving sham (14.49 vs. 16.59, P=0.054). Both groups demonstrated sustained and significant reductions in HamD17 when compared to baseline (P<0.001), with no significant differences between groups. For patients with a history of antidepressant treatment-resistance, those who received prior sham treatment showed greater reduction in HamD17 scores after 20 open-label sTMS treatment sessions when compared with patients who previously received active sTMS (-5.12 vs. -1.70, P=0.027). Discussion: Subjects who did not enter remission prior to open-label treatment showed further reduction in depression symptoms with greater separation between previously treated sham patients with a history of antidepressant treatment-resistance versus those who previously received active sTMS. Continuation of sTMS for up to 10 weeks (50 treatments) appears to benefit some patients and was well tolerated. It is unclear whether there is benefit for all subjects with greater than 30 sTMS treatments.
Comparing depression severity after high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with h1-coil vs. Figure-of-eight (F8)-coil in unipolar major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Various non-invasive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) methods have been approved for treatment-resistant unipolar depression. The aim of the current study was to compare the efficacy of two rTMS coils (H1-coil vs. F8-coil) using a systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: Following a systematic search of PsycInfo and Medline (until July, 2016), 17 studies using similar stimulation parameters with either H1- coil (k=6, n=80 patients) or F8-coil (k=11, n=155) were included in this review. The inclusion criteria were: high-frequency (18-20 Hz) stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, ≥5 patients with unipolar major depression (according to DSM or ICD), open-label or randomized controlled design (RCT; single- or double-blind), depression assessment using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) at baseline and after the same number of sessions (session 10 in all studies). Data from only the active stimulation groups from RCTs were included in the analysis. Results: HDRS scores were expressed as standardized mean paired differences (baseline - session 10). According to random-effects meta-analysis with inverse-variance weights HDRS scores were significantly more reduced after 10 sessions of rTMS with H1-coil than F8-coil. This effect did not depend on add-on antidepressants, study design (open-label or RCT), or percent female patients/study. However, studies with H1-coil used presumably less focal but more intense stimulation (at 120% of the resting motor threshold, MT). In contrast, studies with F8-coil used more focal but less intense stimulation (at 80-110% MT). Furthermore, the antidepressant effect of either coil tended to be lower in studies with older patients. Discussion: The acute efficacy of high-frequency rTMS might depend on a combination of focality and intensity of stimulation and patient age in unipolar major depression. Head-to-head trials are necessary to compare the efficacy of different rTMS coils and to find the most optimal stimulation protocols for long-lasting antidepressant effects.
Brain influences of accelerated rTMS in major depression$$$ Introduction: Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation paradigms have been shown to result in fast decreases in depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation. However, our knowledge how such intensified non-invasive stimulation protocols may affect neuronal processing on such short time-period is not well understood. With respect to functional connectivity, glucose metabolism and neural integrity, the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) has been put forward as a possible biological marker, not only to predict clinical response but also to evaluate the effects of neurostimulation treatment. Methods: In a registered randomized sham-controlled crossover accelerated intermittent theta burst (aiTBS) treatment study, 44 treatment resistant depression (TRD) patients received 20 iTBS sessions applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (5 daily sessions spread over 4 days). Besides resting-state functional MRI scans, all patients were also assessed with the Scale for Suicide Ideation (SSI) and the Beck Hopelessness Scale (BHS). Results: A positive sgACC FC correlation with the medial orbitofrontal cortex at baseline distinguished aiTBS clinical responders from non-responders. Clinical improvement strengthened this sgACC - medial orbitofrontal cortex FC pattern and was associated with a decrease in feelings of hopelessness. Discussion: These findings may provide a neurobiological explanation why accelerated rTMS paradigms may result also in prompt attenuation of negative thinking. Implications for the treatment of depression and suicide will be discussed.
Designing a transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) device and its clinical certification through a randomized double-blind controlled trial in depressive patients$$$ Aware of the limitations in pharmacologic therapy, such as resistance, intolerance, partial response, contraindication and necessity of fast improvement, research in neuromodulation and neurostimulation have multiplied trying to find cost-effective and clinical relevant alternatives. Of note is the development and systematic use of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and other brain stimulation methods, such as deep brain stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation and trigeminal nerve stimulation. The current trial aims to design, assemble and clinically test a Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) device. This method is in frank development since de years 2000, being employed in psychiatric and cognitive disorders, such as depression, post stoke disability, anxiety, negative symptoms of schizophrenia, besides cognitive and memory enhancement. This study is a PhD project and has been approved by the local and national ethics committee. This trial will be divided in 2 phases: in the first phase, an electrical design will be developed and prototypes will be assembled, for further electrical certification. The authors aim to design and assemble a tDCS device with national technology, user-friendly interface, based on high standards of safety (redundancy of current control levels, timer, current and impedance control), following international specifications and recommendations (1 to 2 mA). In the second phase the clinical use will be assessed in a randomized controlled clinical trial in major depressive patients (anodal stimulation of left prefrontal dorsolateral cortex versus placebo). Improvement will be assessed through M.I.N.I., MADRS, BECK-D and WHO-QoL-BREF scales. In Brazil there are few centres offering these modalities of treatment, both in public or private sectors, and access is very restricted. Thus, this project is justified under the principles of providing care, improving access to technologies and validating a method to treat depression. In this poster the authors will present the electronic design, prototypes and clinical data from a pilot study.
Effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation on noxious cold mediated pain modulation in fibromyalgia syndrome$$$ Introduction: Fibromyalgia syndrome is characterized by multiple tender points and widespread pain in the body along with sleep disturbance, anxiety depression and poor quality of life. Both central and peripheral factors have been implicated in the pathogenesis of this syndrome and predominant role of central sensitization and deficient endogenous opioid system have been implicated. In the present study effect of noxious cold stimulation has been studied on the nociceptive flexion reflex in order to examine the diffuse noxious inhibitory controls .The effect of rTMS therapy on is reported on pain modulation Methods: 50 patients of fibromyalgia were recruited from Rheumatology clinic and randomly divided into real and sham TMS groups and their nociceptive flexion reflex was recorded from biceps femoris muscle. Noxious cold stimulationwas induced by hand immersion in cold water at 5degree centigrde followed by recording of NFR measures . The results were analysed before and after 20 sessions of 1 Hz TMS therapy at right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Results: There was a significant increase in NFR threshold with cold immersion (p value <.0001) and latency (p value <.0001), after TMS therapy. Discussion: The study indicates role of defective diffuse noxious inhibitory controls (DNIC) in pathgenesis of FMS and a beneficial effect of low frequency TMS on the pain modulation in fibromyalgia patients.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the prevention of depressive relapse/recurrence: An assessor blind, randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: This controlled trial was designed to evaluate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) alone and in combination with antidepressants in the prevention of depressive relapse/ recurrence. Methods: In this assessor-blind, randomized controlled trial, a total of 281 depressed patients who had achieved full remission from the current episode were randomly assigned torTMS (n=91), antidepressants (n=108), or a combination of both (n = 82) for 12 months. For rTMS intervention, 10 and 5 sessions per month were performed in the first 3 months and the remaining 9 months, respectively. The 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) and the Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale (CGI-S) were used to measure the severity of depression. Relapse/recurrence was defined as HAMD-17 score of ≥ 14, a CGI-S score of ≥ 3 with at least 2-point increase, and meeting DSM-IV criteria for a major depressive episode; or switch to a manic episode. Risk for relapse/recurrence was analyzed using Kaplane Meier survival analysis with log-rank test and relative risk (RR). Results: 71.2% (200/281) of participants completed treatment and assessment per protocol. The patients on rTMS intervention had a strikingly lower risk for relapse/recurrence than those on antidepressants alone (RR = 24.561, P < 0.001). rTMS-treated patients had a much lower rate of adherence failure (<75%) than those treated with antidepressant alone [2.9% (5/173) vs. 17.6% (19/108), P < 0.001], but had markedly higher incidence of certain adverse neurological effects. Conclusions: rTMS as monotherapy and additional therapy is effective in preventing depressive relapse/recurrence. Long-term rTMS intervention has better adherence, but apparent adverse neurological effects should be considered.
Cognitive rehabilitation during transcranial direct current stimulation (Core-tDCS) for major or mild neurocognitive disorder patients-a protocol of a randomized controlled preliminary research$$$ Background: More and more patients in Japan are having major or minor cognitive disorders. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been reported to improve cognitive function in healthy subjects, but the effect of tDCS on cognitive function for patients with major cognitive disorder is not consistent among the studies. Objective: The objective of this study is to assess the safety and efficacy of tDCS during cognitive rehabilitation on cognitive function for patients with major or minor cognitive disorders. Method: A parallel, randomized, sham-controlled design is applied for 55- 90 years old outpatients or inpatients diagnosed as major or minor neurocognitive disorder in DSM-5 in a single center, the National Center of Neurology and Psychiatry. Participants, caregivers and raters are blinded to group assignment. Patricipants in the intervention group are receiving tDCS (anodal; F3, cathodal, Fp1, 2A, 20 min) twice a day for 5 consecutive days, while those in the control arm are taking sham-tDCS (anodal; F3, cathodal; Fp1, 2A, 40 sec) twice a day for the same period. Calculation task and reading task are conducted in both arms as a cognitive rehabilitation for 20 minutes during the stimulation (learning therapy). Patients with severe psychotic symptoms, severe depression, severe suicide ideation, or severe dementia with MMSE score of less than 18 points or Japanese version of Clnical Dementia Rating Scale(CDR-J) score of more than 3 points, are excluded. Participants are also excluded who could not safely conduct Electroconvulsive Therapy or tDCS or when they fails to score writing or drawing in mini mental state examination(MMSE). The primary outcome is dropout rate during the trial, which should not exceed 10% for safety reasons. Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale - cognition, MMSE, Frontal Assessment Battery, CDR-J or its sum of boxes are assessed as secondary outcomes. The authors declare that they have no competing interests.
Synergistic effects of ketamine and theta burst stimulation in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD)$$$ Introduction: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) applied to dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) causes acute changes in neuronal excitability in this region as well as changes in functional connectivity of brain circuitry involving DLPFC. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) has particularly strong effects on cortical excitability: intermittent pulsing of left DLPFC (iTBS) increases excitability, while continuous pulsing of the right DLPFC (cTBS) reduces excitability. TBS modulation of cortical excitability is known to be dependent upon glutamatergic neurotransmission through the N-Methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR). Methods: We used the NMDAR antagonist ketamine (KET) to probe glutamatergic mediation of functional connectivity changes seen with TBS. Excitability in, and neurophysiologic connectivity of, DLPFC during iTBS and cTBS was monitored using TMS-compatible quantitative electroencephalography (qEEG). Subjects were pretreated with KET or placebo (PBO) prior to administration of TBS. Baseline functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) and Diffusion Tensor Imaging (DTI) were performed to examine functional and structural connectivity measures, with follow-up scans to examine changes associated with treatment. Results: Both TBS and KET had robust effects on cortical excitability. TBS was associated with local changes in excitability involving DLPFC, while KET (but not placebo) was associated with more global changes in excitability. Pretreatment with KET modulated the excitability effects of iTBS in left DLPFC and the inhibitory effects of cTBS in right DLPFC. Changes in excitability were correlated with connectivity of DLPFC, anterior cingulate cortex, medial frontal cortex, and orbitofrontal cortex. Discussion: Ketamine constitutes a useful neurochemical probe of the mechanisms underlying the physiologic effects of TBS on excitability, connectivity, and neuroplastic processes. Future studies should examine the potential clinical impact of combining these treatment modalities.
The relationship between the individual alpha frequency (IAF) and response to synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (sTMS) for treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD)$$$ Introduction: sTMS delivers low-field brain stimulation for the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) using permanent magnets rotating at an individual's alpha frequency (IAF), determined from a pretreatment electroencephalogram (EEG). The sTMS theory posits that low intensity stimulation delivered at the IAF will be more effective than stimulation delivered at a different frequency. We examined the relationship between response to sTMS and the IAF in subjects enrolled in a double-blind sham-controlled six-week treatment trial, and compared response between subjects who were treated at their IAF and those treated at a different frequency. Methods: 202 subjects comprised the intent-to-treat (ITT) sample; 120 subjects comprised the per-protocol (PP) sample. Fifteen subjects were inadvertently treated at the incorrect IAF because of EEG acquisition difficulties, and these were excluded from the PP sample. Clinical outcomes were compared between subjects treated at incorrect IAF and a propensity matched group of PP subjects. Propensity matching included demographics, treatment history, IAF, and depression severity using the 17- item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD17). Results: There was no relationship in the PP population between mean IAF and change inHamD17 score or response rate. Eleven subjects in the incorrect IAF group received active treatment, and these subjects were propensity matched with 41 PP subjects. There was a statistically significant greater improvement seen in subjects treated at the correct versus incorrect IAF (-8.45 ± 5.95 vs. -0.36 ± 7.03, respectively, p=0.004). There was no significant difference in response rates, although subjects treated at the correct IAF had a higher numerical rate (29% vs. 18%, respectively, p = 0.491). Discussion: These findings are consistent with the theory that sTMS stimulation at the correct IAF is more effective than treatment delivered at a different frequency. Future studies should compare stimulation prospectively assigned at different frequencies to further test this theory.
The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of left dlpfc with personalized targeting in major depression: Preliminary results of pseudo-randomised study$$$ Introduction: Despite the quasi high effectiveness of the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) in treatment of major depression, the high effect size variability is noticed (Herbsman et al, 2009). One of the reasons for this variability is the imperfect targeting of stimulation point. Objective: The aim of our study is to compare the efficacy of rTMS of lDLPFC with personalized targeting using intrinsic functional connectivity measurement against standard targeting. Materials and methods: Eight patients suffering major depression were enrolled in this study and were divided into 2 groups (4 persons per group). They were clinically evaluated with Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and SF-36 questionnaire before rTMS, after 10 and 20 sessions of rTMS. The groups were matched by age and depression severity. Restingstate fMRI data was acquired on 3T MR-scanner. nTMS with Abductor pollicis brevis muscle mapping was also performed with NBS eXimia Nexstim device. Maps of functional connectivity were built using CONN toolbox for MATLAB. Subgenual cingulated cortex area (10 mm radius sphere at MNI coordinates (6,16,-10) was taken as a seed region. Then points in lDLPFC with maximum value of negative correlation were found individually in seed maps. In control group the stimulation point was determined as 5 cm anterior to individual APB muscle hotspot. All patients received 20 sessions of high frequency rTMS of lDLPFC (20 Hz, 100% RMT, 3200 stimuli/session). Results: We observed decrease of BDI score and an increase of SF-36 mental health score in all patients in both groups (Fig. 1). Further statistical analysis was not performed due to small sample size. Conclusion: rTMS using personalized targeting at least is as effective as in standard targeting method. We plan to enroll more patients to perform formal statistical analysis. (Figure Presented) .
Predictors of clinical response to deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) in unipolar major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) is an FDA-approved, non-invasive therapy for major depression. Our goal was to investigate if demographic and clinical characteristics of patients could predict the clinical outcomes of daily DTMS in unipolar major depression using a systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: A systematic literature search of PsycInfo and Medline (in EBSCO; any date till 24.06.2016) identified k=22 open-label studies with 'DTMS' and 'depression' in titles. After exclusion of studies with fewer than 5 patients (k=4), data from the same patients (k=4), reviews (k=3), diagnoses of bipolar or alcohol use disorders (k=2), and other scales than Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS; k=1), k=8 studies were included in this analysis. Predictors of clinical outcomes (standardised change scores on HDRS and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale, HARS, response, remission, and dropout rates) were evaluated using univariate, random-effects meta-regressions with inverse-variance weights. Results: Eight studies included 128 patients with treatment-resistant unipolar depression (average onset age of 17-45 years, illness duration of 3-30 years, age of 41-54 years, 14-67% females/study). High-frequency DTMS (18-20 Hz) with H1-coil was administered over 20 sessions as either add-on or monotherapy (in k=2 studies with 26 patients). The antidepressant outcomes of DTMS did not depend on the demographics (mean age or % females/study) or the clinical patient characteristics (mean onset age or illness duration). Relative to monotherapy, DTMS as an add-on therapy tended to produce greater reduction in the HDRS scores (p=.08). The reduction in the HARS scores (in k=6 studies) was significantly associated with higher mean age of patients/study (p=.04). Discussion: DTMS may improve the antidepressant outcomes as an addon therapy. It may also enhance the anxiolytic outcomes in older patients with major depression. Additional data are necessary to examine predictors of clinical response to DTMS in unipolar major depression using multivariate statistical methods.
Clinically-relevant outcomes of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) in unipolar major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation method approved by the FDA as a therapy for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder. The aim of the current study was to evaluate the clinically-relevant outcomes of daily DTMS treatment in unipolar major depression using a systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: Following a systematic literature search of PsycInfo and Medline (any date till 24.06.2016), k=9 studies (k=8 open-label and k=1 doubleblind randomised controlled trial, RCT, with an inactive sham group) were included in the current study. The outcomes were standardised change scores (Hedges' g) in depression severity on Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), response, remission, and dropout rates, and several cognitive functions after daily DTMS compared to baseline. Effect sizes were pooled according to a random-effects meta-analysis with inverse-variance weights. Results: The nine studies included n=229 patients with treatment-resistant unipolar major depression (according to DSM-IV) at baseline (n=128 in open-label studies and n=101 in RCT/active DTMS group only). DTMS was administered with H1-coil as a high-frequency (18-20 Hz) and high intensity (120% of the resting motor threshold) stimulation with 33,600- 60,000 stimuli over 20 daily sessions. DTMS significantly reduced depression severity in k=8 open-label studies (Hedges' g=1.74, 95% CI: 1.35-2.13). The pooled response, remission, and dropout rates were 56%, 30%, and 21% respectively in k=8 open-label studies, and 38%, 33%, and 8% respectively in the RCT (active DTMS group only). Of the 44 dropouts, two patients reported suicidal ideation and two patients experienced a seizure. Visuospatial memory improved significantly after DTMS relative to baseline in two out of three open-label studies with cognitive data. Discussion: High-frequency DTMS appears to improve clinical symptoms and some cognitive functions in treatment-resistant unipolar major depression. Future head-to-head studies are required to compare the clinical efficacy of DTMS with other brain stimulation methods.
How deep is the deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS)? putative stimulation of reward pathways in substance use disorders: A systematic review and metaanalysis$$$ Introduction: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) is a noninvasive method of stimulating widespread cortical areas and presumably deeper neural networks. The current study assessed the efficacy of DTMS in the treatment of substance use disorders (SUD) using a systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: Following a systematic literature search of PsycInfo and Medline (any date till August 2016), k=5 open-label studies and k=3 double-blind, randomised sham-controlled trials were included in the review. Shortterm (acute) and longer-term (at the last follow-up) efficacy was measured as craving (Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale, OCDS; Visual Analogue Scale for Craving, VAS), dependence (Fagerstrom Test for Nicotine Dependence, FTND), or consumption (use frequency, abstinence rate, biological test outcomes). Results: A random-effects meta-analysis revealed a large pooled reduction in craving (for alcohol and cocaine) and dependence (for nicotine) after an acute treatment with DTMS relative to baseline (Hedges' g=2.65, 95% confidence interval, 95% CI: 1.28- 4.02, p<.001, k=5 studies, n=53 participants, I2=85%). A qualitative synthesis showed that high-frequency (18-20 Hz) and high-intensity (120% of the resting motor threshold, MT) DTMS reduced alcohol craving particularly in patients with comorbid alcohol use disorder (AUD) and a major depressive disorder in the short-term (after 20 sessions) and at 6-12 months follow-up. Cocaine craving was reduced after 12 sessions of DTMS (15 Hz, 100% MT) and both craving and consumption were reduced at 2-6 months follow-up respectively. Nicotine consumption (but not craving) was reduced after 13 sessions of DTMS (10 Hz, 120% MT) and at 6-months follow-up. Discussion: Acute improvements in various symptoms of SUD after high-frequency DTMS could be due to changes in activity of the corticomesolimbic pathways and neural regions involved in control of reward-mediated behaviour. Repetitive stimulation might induce changes in neuroplasticity which could contribute to the longer-term effects of DTMS on SUD without maintenance treatment.
Duration of antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: The therapeutic options for treatment resistant depression (TRD) include a range of neuromodulatory techniques, such as, electroconvulsive therapy, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), transcranial direct current stimulation and vagus nerve stimulation. Choosing between these options requires a sound knowledge of their risks and benefits, including the anticipated durability of antidepressant effect. While rTMS is recognized as a safe procedure, with documented short-term efficacy, the durability of its effects beyond the end of an acute course of treatment has not been assessed in a meta-analysis. Methods: Here, we performed a meta-analysis of studies with rTMS-treated TRD patients, including outcome measures for antidepressant response, collected three or more months after the end of an induction course of rTMS. In these studies, we assessed response rates at 3 (M3), 6 (M6) and/or 12 (M12), months after acute treatment, and also tested for the existence of predictors of response rates at these time points. Results: Twenty-three studies published between 2002 and 2016 were included. Among these studies, the percentage of responders was 55.1% at M3 (95% CI: 44.6-65.1%, I2=81.5%), 47.8% at M6 (95% CI: 36.6-59.4%, I2=80.4%) and 43.6% at M12 (95% CI: 32.2-55.8%, I2=66.7%). Funnel plots, Duval and Tweedie's Trim-and-Fill analysis, Begg and Mazumbar's tests and Egger's tests, all supported the absence of any major biases. Random effects meta-regressions further demonstrated that, at M6 and M12, maintenance treatment predicted higher responder rates, while at M3 the proportion of women in each study was also a predictor of higher responder rates. Discussion: We found that the durability of rTMS effect for TRD patients is similar to that described for other neuromodulation techniques and that maintenance treatment should be considered to prolong the acute effects of treatment.
Assessing and stabilizing aberrant neuroplasticity in autism spectrum disorder using transcranial magnetic stimulation: Preliminary findings from a proof-of-principle study$$$ Purpose: To gather evidence to support aberrant hyperplasticity in the brain in adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder (ASD), and to study if hyperplasticity can be reversed with a 'mechanism-driven' inhibitory repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS). Methods: Using a randomized cross-over design, we so far assessed neuroplasticity in the motor cortex in 7 right-handed ASD subjects and compared them to 7 sex and age matched controls. We further randomized the ASD subjects (1:1) to receive a single session of active or sham rTMS (6000 pulses at 20Hz, inter-train interval of 30s) and then reassessed neuroplasticity on the next day following rTMS. To calculate neuroplasticity, Theta burst stimulation (TBS), which comprises of 2 paradigmsintermittent TBS or iTBS and continuous TBS or cTBS, was applied. cTBS results in long lasting suppression of cortical activity that is analogous to Long Term Depression (LTD) and iTBS results in long lasting enhancement that is analogous to Long Term Potentiation (LTP). The LTD- and LTP-like activities were calculated by measuring the duration of suppression (to cTBS) and enhancement (to iTBS) of TBS-induced cortico-spinal excitability (primary outcome measure). Results: iTBS-induced LTP-like neuroplasticity is already significantly excessive in the ASD group (mean ± SD : 99.28±26.9 min), compared to controls (mean ± SD: 47±19.8min) (p=0.004). Active rTMS attenuated both LTP (n=2;duration reduced by 80min) and LTD-like (n=2;duration reduced by 50min) neuroplasticity (n=2), but the same wasn't observed in the sham group (n=5). Conclusion: To our knowledge, this is the first study attempting to stabilize aberrant hyperplasticity in ASD using rTMS. Since aberrant neuroplasticity has been linked with autistic behaviours, If successful, this information will pave the way for treatments based on etio-pathogenetic mechanism. Given that successful treatment of ASD is still elusive, a novel and effective treatment for ASD will be transformative for the field.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for depression in Alzheimer's disease patient-preliminary data from the ongoing randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Behavioural and psychiatric symptoms of dementia are often as problematic as or more severe than cognitive decline in Alzheimer's disease. Among symptoms, depression in Alzheimer's disease (dAD) has the second most prevalence (former research suggests 36.7 to 47.8 %) behind agitation, and unfortunately randomized controlled trials failed to show significant effectiveness of antidepressants for dAD. While research on physiological background dAD is accumulating that suggests dysfunction in neurotransmitters and brain metabolism, such as decreased blood glucose metabolism in frontal cortex (dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, superior frontal gyrus and anterior cingulate gyrus) and loss of serotonin receptors in hippocampus. Therefore we planned and started a randomized controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for dAD. Methods: Eligible participants are aged between 65 and 90, meet criteria of probable Alzheimer's disease defined by NINCDS-ADRDA and dAD defined by NIMH criteria. Their psychotropic medication is maintained on stable dose throughout the trial. Participants without informative caregiver, at risk of suicide or hospitalization due to depression, with severe dementia, are excluded. 15 sessions of tDCS with 2 mA, 35 cm2 of sponge pads on F3(anode) and Fp1(cathode), 30-minute duration, is implemented as often as 5 sessions a week. Half of participants are randomly allocated to sham-tDCS without actual stimulation during procedure and both rater and participant are blind to allocattion. The primary endpoint is attrition rate due to any adverse event and secondary outcomes are dAD by Cornell Scale for Depression in Dementia, Geriatric Depression Scale, Neuropsychiatric Inventory for behavioural psychiatric symptoms, Zarit Burden Interview for caregiver burden, Starkstein Apathy Scale for apathy, and Clinical Global Impression of Improvement. Results and discussion: So far four out of twenty participants finished full evaluation. Current fixed data suggests tDCS is safe and tolerable. Accruing number is needed to decide its clinical effectiveness.
Cytokine response to dual-target rTMS treatment protocol in parkinson's disease$$$ Introduction: Cytokines are considered as key players in the neuroinflammatory cascades associated with the neurodegenerative process in PD and may be used as serological biomarkers of risk assessement and treatment response. There are accumulating evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has beneficial effects on motor and depressive symptoms in patients with PD. However, it remains to be determined whether parkinsonian symptoms improvement in response to the rTMS treatment is accompanied by any shift of cytokine spectrum. Methods: PD patients were randomly allocated to the active treatment (n=10) or sham-stimulated (n=8) group. The 10Hz rTMS was performed sequentially over 2 targets: the primary motor cortex (M1, 1st sub-session of 20 min,100 % of the RMT) and the DLPFC (2nd sub-session of 20 min, 110 % of the RMT). Overall, patients received a total of 20 sessions on 20 consecutive days. Outcome measures included the MDS-UPDRS Motor Examination part (Part 3) scale, pro-inflammatory (interleukin (IL)-1b, IL- 2, IL-6, IL-17a, interferon gamma - IFNγ, tumor necrosis factor alpha eTNFα) and anti-inflammatory (IL-4, IL-10) cytokines. Results: The Motor Examination Part scores demonstrated selective and clinically meaningful improvement only in the active treatment group (p<.001). In this group individual scores progressively decreased from 10th to 20th sessions clearly exceeding the minimal clinically important difference threshold of 3.25 points. In the active treatment group the rTMS increased the scores of IL-4 and IL-10 ((p <.05)), reduced levels of IL-1β, IFNγ, TNFα (p <.05) and did not influence IL-2, IL-6, IL-17a readings (p <.05). What is more, active treatment group showed decreased IFNγ / IL-4 (p<0.05) and IFNγ / IL-10 (p<0.05) ratios. Conclusions: Our results indicate that rTMS shifted the cytokine spectrum towards predominating anti-inflammatory reactions. It is suggested that cytokines may be regarded as important targets, mediating neuroprotective effect of rTMS in PD.
Successful treatment of bipolar depressive disorder patients using transcranial magnetic stimulation: Results from an urban TMS clinic$$$ Introduction: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging novel treatment being used for a variety of psychiatric and neurological disorders. It has been studied extensively in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) but only a few studies have been conducted on Bipolar Depressive Disorder (BDD) patients. Methods: We conducted retrospective chart review of BDD patients at an urban TMS clinic. These patients received TMS as an adjunct treatment after they had failed treatment with multiple medications - antidepressants, mood stabilizers and psychotherapy. TMS targets were left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). 14 patients received TMS treatment on left DLPFC at 120% MT, 10Hz, 3000 pulses and 26 patients received treatment on right DLPFC at 1 Hz, 2000 pulses. 22 patients received left sided high frequency treatment initially but were later switched to right side low frequency treatment. 16 patients received bilateral treatment with both left sided high frequency and right sided low frequency TMS. Results: A total of 78 BDD patients (mean age = 47.2 years; 39 males and 39 females) were included in the analysis. 10 patients had Bipolar I, 35 had Bipolar II and 33 patients had Bipolar NOS. Patients received an average of 30 sessions. Montgomery-Asberg Depression Scale (MADRS) scores decreased an average of 21.2 points before (average MADRS score = 33.3) and after (average MADRS score = 12.1) the TMS treatments. All the patients tolerated the treatment well and there were no serious adverse events in any patient that were reported. Discussion: In this chart review we demonstrate that TMS was effective and safe for successful treatment of bipolar depressive symptoms in BDD patients. All the patients tolerated the treatment well with no severe adverse side effects. Larger randomized double blind sham controlled trials are needed to provide further data on its efficacy.
Effect of repetitive high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation on trigeminal neuralgia$$$ Introduction: The aim of this study is to analyze the efficacy and safety of repetitive TMS in patients with refractory trigeminal neuralgia, and also to evaluate the maintenance of the effect. Methods: We studied 20 patients with a placebo-active rTMS trial. A total of 1000 stimulus in 10 minutes per session with an intensity of 80% handmotor threshold, stimulating in M1 point (facial area, contralateral pain site). We applied, at first, 5 consecutive days sessions of placebo stimulation, followed by a resting week to 24 patients, 4 were discarded by placebo effect (decrease of three points or more in VAS scale). The remaining 20 patients had a 5 days session of active stimulation applied with a subsequent resting week. We applied a third week of active stimulation in order to evaluate the maintenance of the effect. All patients filled a visual pain scale (VAS), a verbal pain scale (VPS) and an anxiety and depression scale (HADS). We registered pain scales before stimulation period (P0), atfinal placebo week (P1), final resting placebo week (P2), final first active week (P3), final active restingweek (P4) and finally after the second active week (P5). The HADS was registered only in P0 and P5. We applied Friedman test and Wilcoxon signed-rank test for the statistical analysis. Results: The TMS showed significant reduction of pain (VAS and VPS) in comparison to the placebo, between P1 and P3 (p<0.05 in Friedman Test). Although the reduction of pain decreased at the end of the first active stimulation period (P3), kept stable and smaller than the placebo resting period (P2). We obtained again a positive effect after second active stimulation week (P5 with P4). Only one patient quitted the trial because suffered moderate headache. Discussion: Like others studies we observe that repetitive TMS is effective in reduction of pain intensity on refractory trigeminal neuralgia. The maintenance of TMS effect was prolonged by a second active week stimulation period, lasting around one week more. Further studies with a larger duration and sample are needed to confirm these results.
Design of the theta burst versus high frequency rTMS effectiveness evaluation in depression (three-D) noninferiority trial$$$ Background: High frequency left sided (HFL) rTMS is an efficacious treatment for depression. Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) is a similar excitatory form of rTMS that can be delivered in 3 minutes. The neurophysiological effects of iTBS have been shown to be similar or more potent than HFL. Given the time efficiency of iTBS, we embarked on a randomized non-inferiority trial to compare the effectiveness of left iTBS to the standard form of HFL rTMS. Methods: At three University affiliated brain stimulation clinics in Canada, patients with unipolar depression were randomized to receive 20-30 weekday sessions of either iTBS (600 pulses, 3 minutes and 9 seconds) or 10 Hz rTMS (4 s on, 26sec off, 75 trains, 3000 pulses, 37.5 minutes). Treatments were delivered at 120%RMT to the left DLPFC using MRI neuronavigation (MNI X-38 Y+44 Z+26). Change from baseline to endpoint on the 17-item HDRS was the primary non-inferiority outcome measure. Results: A planned interim analysis was conducted while maintaining the blind to treatment allocation in the first 105 subjects to ensure the sample size would lead to a definitive result. Improvement on the 17-HDRS was 37.1% (24.3 to 15.0) vs. 37.2% (24.1 to 14.8). The standard deviation of change in the two groups led to a revised sample size calculation using a non-inferiority margin of 2.25. This margin is less than the clinically meaningful difference between treatments, of 3 points on a depression rating scale, recommended by the UK NICE depression guidelines. By study completion a total of 417 patients were randomized across the three sites. Discussion: The planned interim analysis led to a larger sample size needed to complete a definitive non-inferiority trial. Preliminary data suggested minimal differences between the two groups. The final analyses will provide clear guidance on whether iTBS can be used in clinical practice.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials of bitemporal versus high-dose right unilateral ECT for depression$$$ Introduction: Brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most acutely effective treatment for severe, often treatment resistant, depression. However, concerns persist about cognitive side-effects, especially retrograde amnesia for autobiographical memory. While bitemporal electrode placement is the most commonly used form of ECT worldwide, right unilateral ECT causes less cognitive side-effects although historically it has been deemed to be a less effective form of ECT. Several published randomised trials have now compared high-dose (>5x seizure threshold) unilateral ECT with moderate-dose (1.0-2.5x seizure threshold) bitemporal ECT to investigate if it is as effective as bitemporal ECT but still has less cognitive side-effects. We systematically reviewed these trials and meta-analysed clinical and cognitive outcomes where appropriate. Methods: Using the terms “electroconvulsive” OR “electroshock” AND “trial”, we searched PubMed, PsycInfo, Web of Science, Cochrane Library and Embase for randomised trials comparing brief-pulse bitemporal and high-dose unilateral ECT. Results: Seven trials (n=792) met the review's inclusion criteria. Bitemporal ECT did not differ from high-dose unilateral ECT on depression rating scale change scores (Hedges's g = -0.03; 95% confidence interval (CI) -0.17 to 0.11), remission (RR 1.06; 95% CI 0.93 to 1.20), or 12-month relapse rate (RR 1.42; 95% CI 0.90 to 2.23). For cognitive outcomes, there was an advantage for unilateral ECT on reorientation time after individual ECT sessions (mean difference in minutes = -8.28; 95% CI -12.86 to -3.70) and retrograde autobiographical memory (Hedges's g =-0.46, 95% CI=-0.87 to -0.04) after completing a course of ECT. We found no differences between the groups for measures of general cognition, category fluency and delayed visual and verbal memory. Discussion: Brief-pulse high-dose unilateral ECT does not differ from moderate-dose bitemporal ECT in antidepressant efficacy but has some cognitive advantages.
How brief should brief be? an update on ultrabrief pulse ECT$$$ Background: Although the delicate balance between efficacy and side effect burden of ultrabrief pulse (UBP) ECT is not yet fully detailed, a substantial number of clinicians and clinics have made the transition toward the use of this ECT technique. Aim: We want to present an update of the knowledge base on the use of UBP ECT, and compare data from a study comparing the efficacy and cognitive side effects of high-dose unilateral brief pulse (BP) ECT and high dose unilateral UBP ECT in the treatment of major depression. Methods: In a prospective, double blind multicenter trial, 116 patients were randomized to receive either RUL BP (1.0 millisecond) or RUL UBP (0.3-0.4 millisecond) until remission. Three and six months after the double blind treatment phase patients were monitored for relapse and cognitive performance. To compare our findings with the available literature, a search using 'electroconvulsive' and 'ultrabrief' was performed, yielding 59 papers. Results: 68.4% of the patients in the BP group achieved remission, as compared to 49.0% in the UBP group. There were no significant group differences in cognitive performance. Of the 50 patients who remitted after index ECT 44 were monitored for follow up. Relapse occurred in 25% of the BP group and in 25% of the UBP group at 3 months follow-up; and in 43.5% of the BP group and 35% of the UBP at six months follow-up. The longterm evaluation of the cognitive assessments showed no significant differences between BP and UBP groups. These findings corroborate the current knowledge base concluding that the use of a standard pulse yields better antidepressant efficacy then an ultrabrief pulse. Standard BP unilateral ECT is, indeed, significantly more efficacious than UBP ECT. Our results question, however, a significant difference in cognitive burden of these two ECT-techniques. Conclusion: UBP ECT is a valuable addition to the armamentarium of the ECT clinician. Although findings are conflicting, a cognitive advantage has been shown repeatedly. UBP ECT should be considered in patients in whom avoiding cognitive side effects, even temporary ones, is of primary importance for whatever reason. With the current knowledge, however, UBP ECT should not be adopted as the treatment of choice in the most severely ill patients requiring an urgent response. These patients merit the fastest and most efficacious therapy available.
Number of pulses or number of sessions? trajectories of improvement for once-daily vs. twice-daily dorsomedial prefrontal rTMS in major depression$$$ Introduction: •Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) shows efficacy in major depressive disorder (MDD), but requires 20-30 daily visits for maximal effect. •Recent studies suggest that multiple daily rTMS sessions may accelerate outcomes; alternative proposals suggest that outcomes track the aggregate number of pulses rather than sessions. •This naturalistic, retrospective case series compared outcome trajectories for MDD patients receiving 6000 total pulses/day of either once-daily 10 Hz or twice-daily 20 Hz DMPFC-rTMS Methods: •A retrospective chart review examined clinical outcomes for MDD patients who received a 20-30 session course of 6000 pulses/day of bilateral DMPFC-rTMS, 5 days/week, with the pulses fractionated into either single daily 10 Hz sessions (n=65) or two daily 20 Hz sessions with a 1-hour interval (n=65). Results: •Demographic characteristics of conventional rTMS and accelerated rTMS patients did not differ significantly prior to treatment. No seizure activity or other serious adverse events were observed in either group. Regarding final outcomes, dichotomous outcomes did not differ significantly between groups (Response/remission rates for BDI-II: Conventional, 35.38%/ 18.46%; Accelerated, 41.53%/35.38%). On continuous outcomes, there were no significant differences between groups in pre-treatment or posttreatment scores, or percent improvement on the BDI-II, or in the distribution of outcomes between groups. •Mixed-effects modelling revealed significantly faster improvement rates (group x time interaction) in the twice-daily vs. once-daily group, despite both groups receiving the same number of pulses overall. Improvement trajectories were similar in both groups when plotted against number of sessions, but divergent when plotted against number of pulses. Twice-daily treatment achieved ∼2-fold acceleration of effect over once-daily treatment. Discussion: •These preliminary results encouragingly suggest that accelerated rTMS may be feasible, tolerable, and capable of achieving comparable results to conventional rTMS, while also increasing the rapidity of the rate of improvement. •Future randomized controlled studies comparing once-daily to twicedaily rTMS may be warranted. (Figure Presented) .
Focal and spatially-targeted ECT: Comparison of MST and feast$$$ Background: Substantial evidence indicates that the antidepressant and adverse cognitive effects of ECT are independent and that each domain is subserved by anatomically distinct neural systems. Imaging studies have linked therapeutic effects in depression to alteration of prefrontal function, while altered activity in medial temporal lobe structures has been tied to retrograde amnesia. Manipulations of ECT technique (electrode positioning and dosage) likewise demonstrate that the behavioral effects of ECT are tied to the current paths of ECT stimulus and the current density within the anatomical distribution. Methods: Magnetic Seizure Therapy (MST) and Focal Electrically-Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) were developed with the aim of providing a more focal and spatially-targeted form of seizure therapy compared to traditional ECT. The extant literature on the physical, physiological, and behavioral effects of these two interventions will be reviewed and compared. Results: MST has the capacity to be more focal and precise in spatial-targeting than FEAST, which in turn is more capable of restricting current density to prefrontal areas than traditional ECT. Unlike FEAST, MST is limited to triggering seizures from superficial cortex. In addition, MST has more difficulty in evoking seizures due to relatively weak induced current. Consequently, dosing of MST may be more problematic. Early studies suggest that both MST and FEAST have relatively benign cognitive profiles, and there is preliminary evidence that each intervention possesses some efficacy. Conclusions: Both MST and FEAST have shown potential to reduce the cognitive side effects of ECT. At this point, FEAST appears to have the same efficacy as traditional forms of ECT, while the efficacy findings with MST are less robust. There is sufficient evidence of efficacy and safety to justify randomized, masked trials comparing these focal interventions to traditional ECT.
In search of optimal site for 10 Hz rTMS depression treatment: A clinical and physiological comparison$$$ 10 Hz rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is one of the most popular treatment options for drug resistant depression. However, despite much research, the exact mechanism of how a focused facilitative stimulation over the DLPFC results in a clinical improvement still remains elusive and measured efficacy between the studies tend to vary greatly. With increasing efforts to standardize 10 Hz rTMS protocol most variability seems to arise from the stimulation site selection. That is because differences in patient head sizes lead to great dispersion of stimulation sites in previously standard 6 cm rule and there is still a debate over which exact coordinate for DLPFC should be used in neuronavigated rTMS. In order to clarify the possible choices for TMS coil placement we decided to study three homogenous groups of patients in the same setting using three neuronavigated DLPFC sites suggested by previous studies. Patients with diagnosed drug resistant depressive disorder selected for 10 Hz rTMS treatment were randomly assigned to different sites of stimulation in MNI map using coordinates presented by Tenenbeck et al (1999), Fitzgerald et al (2009) or Fox et al (2012) studies. Before the treatment course and after it patients were evaluated using MADRS, HAM-D and BDI clinical tests. To evaluate possible differences in physiological impact between the groups a resting state EEG spectral power analysis was also performed. The results will be discussed taking into account both factors of clinical effectiveness and physiological impact in order to help refining the 10 Hz rTMS protocol.
Transcranial direct current stimulation may enhance decision making in gambling disorder: A preliminary double-blind sham-controlled study$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation may enhance decision making in gambling disorder: A preliminary study Introduction: Decision making deficits are characteristic in gambling disorder patients. Recent studies suggest that transcranial direct current stimulation(tDCS) enhances decision making and cognition in healthy controls and patients with addiction disorders. The purpose of the study is to assess the effect of right anodal tDCS on decision making and cognition in gambling disorder. Methods: In this double-blind preliminary study, eight male patients with gambling disorder have been randomized to receive a single 30-minute session of active or sham anodal tDCS (2 mA), applied over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (coupled with contralateral cathodal tDCS). Patients had no other neuropsychiatric comorbidities and no substance use history except nicotine consumption. Iowa Gambling Task(IGT) Wisconsin Card Sorting Test, Stroop Test and Tower of London(TOL) Test were administered before and after the application. Mean age, mean depression level, mean impulsivity level and mean initial cognitive test and IGT scores were similar between groups. Skin resistance responses(SRR) were also evaluated during the Iowa Gambling Task. Results: A time effect was seen in IGT, Stroop Test and Tower of London test scores, disadvantageous anticipatory and loss SRRs. A significant interaction between the time and the group was found in IGT net scores (p=0.05). Reward SRRs diminished in the active group(p=0.09) Disadvantageous anticipatory SRRs correlated with the loss SRRs and TOL execution times in the whole sample and with IGT scores in the active group. Discussion: Our preliminary results suggest that tDCS may enhance decision making and punishment sensitivity while reducing reward sensitivity in patients with gambling disorder. Moreover, disadvantageous anticipatory and loss skin responses in IGT may be related to decision making and executive functions in patients with gambling disorder.
Ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Major Depressive disorder is a leading cause of disability in the United States and the second leading cause of YLDs globally. 1, 2 Although pharmacotherapeutic options abound, remission rates for major depressive disorder are not encouraging as reported by the STAR-D trial. 3 Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the oldest and one of the most effective treatment alternatives for severe depression. Although ECT has been shown to be efficacious in depressed older adults, a subgroup of patients may show either limited or no response to this intervention. Thus, there has been interest in modifying ECT by adding agents which might either augment or accelerate response or which might mitigate side-effects. Ketamine, an arylcyclohexamine which is pharmacodynamically a noncompetitive NMDA antagonist, is a dissociative anesthetic that has been shown to cause rapid improvement of depressive symptoms and suicidal ideation when given separately as an intravenous infusion. 4 Methods: PubMed and Google Scholar databases were queried with the search terms ketamine, depression and ECT, and ultimately, we identified and reviewed sixteen papers detailing patient and illness characteristics, ECT treatment parameters, and mood and cognitive outcomes. Results: The 16 studies were a mix of randomized control trials, retrospective studies, case series and single patient reports of index phase ECT. The demographics of the studies were variable. ECT treatment parameters also varied as did outcomes. The data are presented in Tables 1, 2 and 3. The illnesses studied were primarily major depressive disorder, bipolar depression, and in one study, schizoaffective disorder. Interestingly, in 3 out of 7 studies which included older adults significant improvement with ketamine was reported. In only one study (Bryson et al) were we able to get data specific to elderly patients. In this case series of 9 subjects, 5 out of 6 responders to ECT were >65 years of age and the only subject who experienced sustained remission was >65 years of age. Five out of 7 studies with elderly patients studied cognition. Only one study displayed a worse reorientation time, while the other studies showed a significant improvement in cognitive function. Conclusions: Data on ketamine use in ECT are limited, especially in the older adult population. However, available data suggest modest improvement in mood, and intriguingly, in cognition. Ketamine used adjunctively may be associated with faster relief from depression with the most significant difference in improvement reported to be in the first 3-4 sessions of ECT. Of note, there are confounding variables in these studies which limit interpretation of findings. Further, these studies examined cognitive outcomes during index phase of treatment. Effects over maintenance treatment remains unknown.We will report results of a quality improvement project.
Evidence for using RTMS among older adults with psychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ Introduction: The aim of this systematic review is to identify published randomized control trials (RCTs) that evaluated the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for psychiatric disorders among older adults. Methods: A literature search was conducted of PubMed, MEDLINE, OVID and PsychINFO databases for randomized controlled trials (RCTs) in any language that evaluated the use of rTMS for various psychiatric disorders among adults were searched through September 30, 2016. Only studies that were published in English language journals or had an official English translation were included in the final analysis. Additionally, bibliographic databases of published articles were searched for additional studies. Results: A total of 40 RCTs were obtained through the search strategies. Conditions studied (n = number of RCTs) included mild cognitive impairment (MCI) (n = 1), Alzheimer's disease (n = 4)jor depressive disorder (n = 14), schizophrenia (n = 5), treatment resistant depression (n = 4), geriatric depression (n = 2), bipolar depression (n = 2), depression in Parkinson's disease (n = 1), vascular depression (n = 1), nicotine dependence (n = 1), cocaine addiction (n = 1), motor cortical function (n = 2) and pain perception (n = 1). Available data indicate that in the majority of the studies rTMS was well tolerated, but efficacy results were variable with some studies showing benefit whereas other studies showed limited efficacy. Conclusions: Although limited, available evidence suggests that rTMS is a safe and effective procedure. Side effects associated with its use include mild insomnia, transient headache, transient scalp tenderness, hearing problems that spontaneously resolve, transient difficulty concentrating, and worsening depression without need for any specific intervention in the majority of cases. rTMS may benefit various aspects of Alzheimer's disease including an improvement in attention and psychomotor speed with sustained effects lasting for 3 months.1 Its use in individuals with schizophrenia did not appear to show significant benefit as in 3 trials there was no difference in refractory auditory hallucinations.2 However, there was improvement in negative symptoms in two trials.2 The majority of the studies of rTMS in depressive disorders showed no significant clinical benefit but some symptoms, like psychomotor retardation, did improve. In treatment resistant depression, only one of the four studies showed benefit with greater remission rates in the group that used rTMS. No significant benefit was noted among the trials involving individuals with bipolar depression and geriatric depression. Greater chance of abstinence was found among older individuals with cocaine dependence and nicotine dependence who received treatment with rTMS.3,4 These results indicate that rTMS may be beneficial for certain psychiatric disorders in older adults but the risks and benefits of its use should be carefully assessed before embarking upon treatment .5.
Notes on human trials of transcranial direct current stimulation between 1960 and 1998$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is investigated to modulate neuronal function including cognitive neuroscience and neuropsychiatric therapies. While cases of human stimulation with rudimentary batteries date back more than 200 years, clinical trials with current controlled stimulation were published intermittently since the 1960s. The modern era of tDCS only started after 1998. Objectives: To review methods and outcomes of tDCS studies from old literature (between 1960 and 1998) with intention of providing new insight for ongoing tDCS trials and development of tDCS protocols especially for the purpose of treatment. Methods: Articles were identified through a search in PubMed and through the reference list from its selected articles. We included only non-invasive human studies that provided controlled direct current and were written in English, French, Spanish or Portuguese before the year of 1998, the date in which modern stimulation paradigms were implemented. Results: Fifteen articles met our criteria. The majority were small-randomized controlled clinical trials that enrolled a mean of approximately 26 subjects (Phase II studies). Most of the studies (around 83%) assessed the role of tDCS in the treatment of psychiatric conditions, in which the main outcomes were measured by means of behavioral scales and clinical observation, but the diagnostic precision and the quality of outcome monitoring, including adverse events, were deficient by modern standards. Compared to modern tDCS dose, the stimulation intensities used (0.1–1 mA) were lower, however as the electrodes were typically smaller (e.g., 1.26 cm2), the average electrode current density (0.2 mA/cm2) was approximately 4× higher. The number of sessions ranged from one to 120 (median 14). Notably, the stimulation session durations of several minutes to 11 h (median 4.5 h) could markedly exceed modern tDCS protocols. Twelve studies out of 15 showed positive results. Only mild side effects were reported, with headache and skin alterations the most common. Conclusion: Most of the studies identified were for psychiatric indications, especially in patients with depression and/or schizophrenia and majority indicated some positive results. Variability in outcome is noted across trials and within trials across subjects, but overall results were reported as encouraging, and consistent with modern efforts, given some responders and mild side effects. The significant difference with modern dose, low current with smaller electrode size and interestingly much longer stimulation duration may worth considering.
Acute and chronic effects of noradrenergic enhancement on transcranial direct current stimulation-induced neuroplasticity in humans$$$ Key points: Chronic administration of the selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor (NRI) reboxetine (RBX) increased and prolonged the long-term potentiation-like plasticity induced by anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for over 24 h. Chronic administration of RBX converted cathodal tDCS-induced long-term depression-like plasticity into facilitation for 120 min. Chronic noradrenergic activity enhancement on plasticity of the human brain might partially explain the delayed therapeutic impact of selective NRIs in depression and other neuropsychiatric diseases. Abstract: Noradrenaline affects cognition and motor learning processes via its impact on long-term potentiation (LTP) and depression (LTD). We aimed to explore the impact of single dose and chronic administration of the selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor (NRI) reboxetine (RBX) on plasticity induced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in healthy humans via a double-blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized crossover study. Sixteen healthy volunteers received placebo or single dose RBX (8 mg) before anodal or cathodal tDCS of the primary motor cortex. Afterwards, the same subjects took RBX (8 mg day−1) consecutively for 21 days. During this period, two additional interventions were performed (RBX with anodal or cathodal tDCS), to explore the impact of chronic RBX treatment on plasticity. Plasticity was monitored by motor-evoked potential amplitudes elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation. Chronic administration of RBX increased and prolonged the LTP-like plasticity induced by anodal tDCS for over 24 h. Chronic RBX significantly converted cathodal tDCS-induced LTD-like plasticity into facilitation, as compared to the single dose condition, for 120 min after stimulation. The results show a prominent impact of chronic noradrenergic enhancement on plasticity of the human brain that might partially explain the delayed therapeutic impact of selective NRIs in depression and other neuropsychiatric diseases.
Ketamine, depression and suicide: Towards a new class of antidepressants?$$$ Objectives Major depressive disorder is a frequent and serious disease, which can result in suicide. Treatment resistance is frequent in this pathology and actual antidepressants need a few weeks before having a clinical efficacy. Ketamine is an NMDA antagonist used in anaesthesia for decades, and has shown since several years a fast and efficient antidepressant effect in patients with treatment-resistant depression. Methods The aim of this review is to investigate the state of the art of the scientific literature about the antidepressant effects of ketamine. Results A subanaesthetic infusion (0.2 mg/kg) of intravenous ketamine reduced depressive symptoms for both unipolar and bipolar depression in many randomized controlled trials. Clinical effects can be observed as soon as 4 hours after treatment and last for a few days, which has been confirmed in recent meta-analysis. This molecule could also potentiate the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy and have a neuroprotective effect in such treatments however results are controversial. Ketamine also showed a fast and specific reduction of suicidal ideation. Mechanisms of action of ketamine are still poorly known. Its partial NMDA antagonist action modulates the metabolism of glutamate, and thus stimulates neurotropic systems such as BDNF or mTOR resulting in an increased brain neuroplasticity. Anti-inflammatory or analgesic effects may also explain ketamine's efficacy. This treatment can provoke dissociative effects and cardiovascular events which are reversible within a few hours. While promising, ketamine's efficacy has a limited duration in time. Conclusion Ketamine has a fast antidepressant effect in both resistant unipolar and bipolar depression. However it seems difficult to use it as an antidepressant in common practice due to its short duration of efficacy and adverse effects: studies are in progress to develop new molecules aiming the same molecular pathways. Ketamine could be a useful treatment of acute suicidal crisis in major depressive disorder and upcoming researches should help understanding its mechanisms of action as an antisuicidal medication.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of post-stroke depression: Results from a randomised, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial$$$ Background Post-stroke depression is a disabling condition occurring in about one-third of patients with stroke. Pharmacological treatments have limited efficacy and important side effects. Recently, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown efficacy in treating depression. This study aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of tDCS for post-stroke depression. Methods 48 antidepressant-free patients with post-stroke depression were randomised into two groups (active and sham tDCS). 12 30min sessions of 2mA anodal left/cathodal right dorsolateral prefrontal tDCS were administered over 6weeks (once daily on weekdays for 2weeks, then 1 session every other week). The primary outcome was the change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (17-items) at 6weeks. We employed a repeated-measures analysis of variance; the depression score was the dependent variable, and time and group were independent variables. In this intention-to-treat analysis, missing data were addressed according to the last observation carried forward and the mixed-model repeated-measures analysis methods. Results 5 patients dropped out (two in the active group). Active tDCS was significantly superior to sham at end point (mean difference, 4.7 points; SD=9.21; p<0.001). Response and remission rates were significantly higher in the active (37.5% and 20.8%, respectively) versus the sham (4.1% and 0%, respectively) group, with a number-needed-to-treat of 3 and 5, respectively. Conclusions This was the first controlled study to demonstrate that tDCS was safe and effective for post-stroke depression. Therefore, tDCS might be a favourable option for treating these patients.
Targeted transcranial theta-burst stimulation alters fronto-insular network and prefrontal GABA$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been used worldwide to treat depression. However, the exact physiological effects are not well understood. Pathophysiology of depression involves crucial limbic structures (e.g. insula), and it is still not clear if these structures can be modulated through neurostimulation of surface regions (e.g. dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, DLPFC), and whether rTMS-induced excitatory/inhibitory transmission alterations relate to fronto-limbic connectivity changes. Therefore, we sought proof-of-concept for neuromodulation of insula via prefrontal intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS), and how these effects relate to GABAergic and glutamatergic systems. In 27 healthy controls, we employed a single-blind crossover randomised-controlled trial comparing placebo and real iTBS using resting-state functional MRI and magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Granger causal analysis was seeded from right anterior insula (rAI) to locate individualized left DLPFC rTMS targets. Effective connectivity coefficients within rAI and DLPFC were calculated, and levels of GABA/Glx, GABA/Cr and Glx/Cr in DLPFC and anterior cingulate voxels were also measured. ITBS significantly dampened fronto-insular connectivity and reduced GABA/Glx in both voxels. GABA/Glx had a significant mediating effect on iTBS-induced changes in DLPFC-to-rAI connectivity. We demonstrate modulation of the rAI using targeted iTBS through alterations of excitatory/inhibitory interactions, which may underlie therapeutic effects of rTMS, offering promise for rTMS treatment optimization.
Prefronto-cerebellar tDCS enhances neurocognition in euthymic bipolar patients. Findings from a placebo-controlled neuropsychological and psychophysiological investigation$$$ Objectives The present double blind placebo-controlled study aimed at investigating the efficacy of 3-weeks prefronto-cerebellar transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on neurocognitive functioning in euthymic BD patients. Methods Forty-two outpatients with BD were randomly assigned to receive either active (n=21) or sham (n=21) prefronto-cerebellar tDCS for 3 consecutive weeks. Neurocognitive abilities were assessed with both neuropsychological testing and psychophysiological evaluation with a P300 novelty task. Results Our results showed that (i) Trail Making Test-B, a measure of executive functioning, decreased significantly in the active but not in the sham group, (ii) Rey Complex Figure Test Delay Recall, a measure of visuospatial memory, increased significantly in both groups with a greater increase in the active compared to the sham group, and (iii) P3b latency, a measure of brain information processing stream, decreased significantly in the active but not in the sham group. No significant changes were observed in the other explored neuropsychological and psychophysiological measures. Conclusions The study suggests that concomitant prefrontal-excitatory and cerebellar-inhibitory tDCS in euthymic BD patients may lead to better neurocognitive performance, quantified through neuropsychological and psychophysiological measures.
Effects of the concurrent use of a reduced dose of propofol with divided supplemental remifentanil and moderate hyperventilation on duration and morphology of electroconvulsive therapy-induced electroencephalographic seizure activity: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Study objective The clinical adequacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) depends on not only seizure duration but also seizure amplitude and postictal suppression. The objective of this study was to evaluate the effects of combination of a reduced dose of propofol and moderate hyperventilation on seizure duration and electrical stimulus requirement for adequate ictal amplitude and postictal suppression. Design Prospective, randomized, controlled trial. Setting Operating room at a municipal hospital. Patients Sixty ASA physical status I or II patients scheduled to receive a total of > 300 ECT treatments. Interventions Patients were randomly assigned to have the three interventions: the use of a standard dose (1 mg/kg) of propofol and normoventilation (ETCO2 of 40–45 mm Hg) (group P/N), the use of a reduced dose (0.5 mg/kg) of propofol with divided remifentanil injections and normoventilation (group RP/N), and the use of a reduced dose of propofol with divided remifentanil injections and moderate hyperventilation (ETCO2 of 30–35 mm Hg) (group RP/H). Patients in groups RP/N and RP/H received remifentanil 1 μg/kg followed by propofol 0.5 mg/kg for unconsciousness and thereafter remifentanil 1 μg/kg immediately before the electrical stimulus. Measurements and main results Patients in group RP/H had significantly longer durations of electroencephalographic (EEG) seizures in the early phase of the ECT course (P < 0.05) and lower intensities of electrical stimulus in the late phase of the ECT course (P < 0.05) than those in groups P/N and RP/N. Conclusion A reduced dose of propofol combined with divided supplemental remifentanil under moderate hyperventilation during ECT may contribute to reduced electrical dosage due to the ability of its augmentation of seizure amplitude and postictal suppression in the late phase of the ECT course.
Transcranial direct current stimulation enhances soothing positive affect and vagal tone$$$ Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a promising tool for the treatment of depression and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) is often targeted when exploring tDCS effects on mood. However, the basic effects of tDCS on momentary emotions are inconsistent. We tested whether a single-session of anodal tDCS over the left temporal lobe (T3), topographically closer to the insular cortex than dlPFC, had effects on both vagally-mediated heart rate variability (HRV) and momentary affect in healthy participants. Thirty-four subjects underwent both sham and active tDCS in a counterbalanced random order. ECG was continuously recorded to derive both time and frequency domain HRV indexes. Before and after the tDCS protocol, participants completed momentary affect assessments. Results showed that HRV and soothing positive affectivity were both enhanced after a single-session of tDCS over T3, while negative and activating positive affect were not modulated by the stimulation. After controlling for sex, age, and levels of anxiety and depression a significant association emerged between increases in soothing positive affect and concomitant increases in vagally-mediated HRV. Deficits in soothing positive emotions have consistently been associated with psychopathology and psychotherapeutic approaches aimed to develop this type of emotionality have shown to improve psychological well-being. Thus, present exploratory results may impact future research investigating potential moderators (site of stimulation) and mediators (specificity for a determined type of momentary affect) of the effects of tDCS on psychopathological conditions such as depression.
Managing melancholic depression: A personal perspective$$$ Objectives: The objective of this article is to offer a personal perspective on managing melancholia by interpreting both the limited salient evidence base and offering clinical observations. Conclusions: It is suggested that medication needs to be prioritised, that not all antidepressants are equally potent for those with melancholia and that as response to a single antidepressant alone (especially a narrow-spectrum one) is low, management commonly requires broader-spectrum antidepressant drugs and augmentation strategies.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the acute treatment of major depressive episodes a systematic review with network meta-analysis$$$ IMPORTANCE: Although several strategies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have been investigated as treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), their comparative efficacy and acceptability is unknown. OBJECTIVE: To establish the relative efficacy and acceptability of the different modalities of rTMS used for MDD by performing a network meta-analysis, obtaining a clinically meaningful treatment hierarchy. DATA SOURCES: PubMed/MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycInfo, and Web of Science were searched up until October 1, 2016. STUDY SELECTION: Randomized clinical trials that compared any rTMS intervention with sham or another rTMS intervention. Trials performing less than 10 sessions were excluded. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Two independent reviewers used standard forms for data extraction and quality assessment. Random-effects, standard pairwise, and network meta-analyses were performed to synthesize data. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Response rates and acceptability (dropout rate). Remission was the secondary outcome. Effect sizes were reported as odds ratios (ORs) with 95%CIs. RESULTS: Eighty-one studies (4233 patients, 59.1%women, mean age of 46 years) were included. The interventions more effective than sham were priming low-frequency (OR, 4.66; 95%CI, 1.70-12.77), bilateral (OR, 3.96; 95%CI, 2.37-6.60), high-frequency (OR, 3.07; 95% CI, 2.24-4.21), θ-burst stimulation (OR, 2.54; 95%CI, 1.07-6.05), and low-frequency (OR, 2.37; 95%CI, 1.52-3.68) rTMS. Novel rTMS interventions (accelerated, synchronized, and deep rTMS) were not more effective than sham. Except for θ-burst stimulation vs sham, similar results were obtained for remission. All interventions were at least as acceptable as sham. The estimated relative ranking of treatments suggested that priming low-frequency and bilateral rTMS might be the most efficacious and acceptable interventions among all rTMS strategies. However, results were imprecise and relatively few trials were available for interventions other than low-frequency, high-frequency, and bilateral rTMS. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: Few differences were found in clinical efficacy and acceptability between the different rTMS modalities, favoring to some extent bilateral rTMS and priming low-frequency rTMS. These findings warrant the design of larger RCTs investigating the potential of these approaches in the short-term treatment of MDD. Current evidence cannot support novel rTMS interventions as a treatment for MDD.
Twice weekly dTMS monotherapy is effective in maintaining acute-phase responders and improving the response rate for TRD patients$$$ Introduction: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) has been shown to be safe and effective for treatment resistant depression. Our goal was to analyze the efficacy of continuation dTMS monotherapy at twice a week for 12 weeks following the acute phase of four weeks of five times a week treatment in the active arm of the Brainsway multicenter double-blinded depression study.We assessed the probability of response over 16 weeks and the durability of clinical response among responders at the end of the 4-weeks acute phase, for whom the 12 week continuation phase is a maintenance phase. METHODS: 89 unmedicated dTMS multicenter trial participants received the active treatment. 30 patients met responder criteria (≥50% decrease in HDRS-21) at the conclusion of the 4 weeks acute phase. The acute treatment phase consisted of 5-a-week H1-coil dTMS. Each 20-min session consisted of 18Hz dTMS delivered at 120% individual motor threshold, in 2-sec pulse trains separated by 20-sec inter-train intervals, for a total of 55 trains, 1980 pulses. Continuation phase treatment consisted of twice-weekly dTMS for 12 weeks following the acute-phase. Patients and study personnel were blinded for the entire study. Kaplan-Meier survival curve (time to event [response]) was used to characterize outcomes during weeks 1 to 16 in the whole sample (n= 89) of active dTMS recipients. Percentage of time in response and in remission (HDRS-21< 10) for each patient, and percentage of patients in response/remission at each time point, were calculated for 4-week responders during the continuation phase. RESULTS: 59/89 (66.3%) achieved responder status at any time point. Of 23 subjects who did not respond earlier and continued at least 2 weeks into the continuation phase, 15/23 (65.2%) achieved responder status during the continuation phase. Among the 30 responders at the end of week 4, the vast majority showed sustained durability throughout their 12 weeks maintenance. 73.9% ±7.7% of patients were in responder status, and 59.8% ±8.4% of patients were in remission at each time point. Mean ± SEM of % of time in response out of their total time in the twice weekly phase were 74.7% ±5.4%, and of time in remission 59.7% ±7.1%. 12/30 patients (40%) were 100% of their time in the twice weekly phase in response, and 9/30 patients (30%) were 100% of their time in remission. 24/30 patients (80%) were 60% or more of their time in response, and 18/30 patients (60%) were 60% or more of their time in remission. CONCLUSIONS: The vast majority of patients who continued twice weekly dTMS treatments reached response. The odds for a patient to reach response increased with the number of dTMS sessions, even for patients who did not respond for several weeks. Twice weekly dTMS maintenance monotherapy was efficacious for acute phase responders, with 80% of patients remaining in responder status for 60% or more of their time in the maintenance phase.
RTMS and ECT, are they combinable?$$$ Background: Depression, although known since antiquity, remains on top of the research list of therapeutic interventions. Difficult to treat depression continues to pose challenging management in at least 1/3 of cases (STAR D), and almost 21% in Primary Care (McIntyre 2014). Management of depression, so far, has less than satisfactory results, a fact frustrating the therapists and the consumers, equally (Souery et al., 2006). Many studies and meta-analysis have compared efficacy of rTMS and ECT, using several versions of each of the neuro-stimulation therapeutic tools (Berlim et al., 2013). Dannon (2002), Grunhaus (2000), and Janicak (2002) published comparative studies, with an overall claim that ECT and rTMS are comparable in some aspects of improvement. Pridmore (2000) substituted rTMS to ECT. He recruited 22 patients, who were randomized to receive either ECT over two weeks, or one ECT per week, followed by TMS for the rest of the week. He published results of comparative improvement, while the rTMS group had less cognitive side effects. OBJECTIVES: This is a series of case reporting of nine patients suffering MDD, chronic and treatment resistant, who required both treatments (rTMS and ECT), alternating, in treating the same episode. All patients were on multiple pharmaco-therapeutic agents, and attended psychotherapy. The hypothesis is that the combination can offer a good therapeutic tool for difficult to treat depression patients, with reducing the possible side effects incurred by ECT. METHODS: Anterograde naturalistic study of the nine patients. No inclusion or exclusion criteria were considered. FINDINGS: Patients have benefited from the combination therapy. This was measured by CGI and HAMD scores, which were measured before, during, and after the treatments combined. CONCLUSION: This case report needs to be considered in designing further well controlled studies, to standardize the findings, and to negate the alleged hypothesis.
Bitemporal v. high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ BACKGROUND: Brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most acutely effective treatment for severe depression though concerns persist about cognitive side-effects. While bitemporal electrode placement is the most commonly used form worldwide, right unilateral ECT causes less cognitive side-effects though historically it has been deemed less effective. Several randomized trials have now compared high-dose (>5× seizure threshold) unilateral ECT with moderate-dose (1.0-2.5× seizure threshold) bitemporal ECT to investigate if it is as effective as bitemporal ECT but still has less cognitive side-effects. We aimed to systematically review these trials and meta-analyse clinical and cognitive outcomes where appropriate.
The role of ECT in posttraumatic stress disorder: A systematic review$$$ CONCLUSIONS: Current efficacy data do not separate conclusively the effects of ECT on PTSD symptoms from those on depression. Randomized controlled trials are necessary to examine the use of ECT in medication-refractory PTSD patients with and without comorbid depression. Subsequent studies may address response in PTSD subtypes, and the use of novel techniques, such as memory reactivation, before ECT.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for alleviating clinical symptoms and suicidal ideation in elderly depressive patients: a randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: To assess the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for alleviating the clinical symptoms and suicidal ideation in elderly patients with depression. METHODS: A total of 178 elderly depressive patients with suicidal ideation were randomized into rTMS treatment group (n=80) and control group (n=98) and treated with rTMS or sham rTMS treatment for 4 weeks in addition to conventional therapy with medications. The 24-item Hamilton Depression Scales (HAMD) and Self-rating Idea of Suicide Scale (SIOSS) were used to assess the severity of depression and the risk of suicide at the baseline and after 2 and 4 weeks of treatment. The treatment response was defined as a 25% reduction in HAMD scores from baseline, and an early improvement as 20% reduction in HAMD scores after 2 weeks of treatment. RESULTS: The two groups of patients were comparable for baseline socio-demographic characteristics and baseline SIOSS and HAMD scores (P>0.05). After 2 and 4 weeks of treatment, both SIOSS and HAMD scores were improved in the two groups, but the patients in rTMS group showed a significantly faster score reduction. A significantly higher rate of early improvement at 2 weeks (52.5% vs 28.6%; χ2=10.569, P<0.01) and a higher response rate at 4 weeks (77.5% vs 53.1%; χ2=15.470, P<0.05) were observed in rTMS group. CONCLUSIONS: rTMS combined with medications can effectively improve sleep quality, cognitive impairment and somatization symptom and reduce suicidal ideation in elderly patients with depression.
Post-stroke dementia - a comprehensive review$$$ Post-stroke dementia (PSD) or post-stroke cognitive impairment (PSCI) may affect up to one third of stroke survivors. Various definitions of PSCI and PSD have been described. We propose PSD as a label for any dementia following stroke in temporal relation. Various tools are available to screen and assess cognition, with few PSD-specific instruments. Choice will depend on purpose of assessment, with differing instruments needed for brief screening (e.g., Montreal Cognitive Assessment) or diagnostic formulation (e.g., NINDS VCI battery). A comprehensive evaluation should include assessment of pre-stroke cognition (e.g., using Informant Questionnaire for Cognitive Decline in the Elderly), mood (e.g., using Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale), and functional consequences of cognitive impairments (e.g., using modified Rankin Scale). A large number of biomarkers for PSD, including indicators for genetic polymorphisms, biomarkers in the cerebrospinal fluid and in the serum, inflammatory mediators, and peripheral microRNA profiles have been proposed. Currently, no specific biomarkers have been proven to robustly discriminate vulnerable patients ('at risk brains') from those with better prognosis or to discriminate Alzheimer's disease dementia from PSD. Further, neuroimaging is an important diagnostic tool in PSD. The role of computerized tomography is limited to demonstrating type and location of the underlying primary lesion and indicating atrophy and severe white matter changes. Magnetic resonance imaging is the key neuroimaging modality and has high sensitivity and specificity for detecting pathological changes, including small vessel disease. Advanced multi-modal imaging includes diffusion tensor imaging for fiber tracking, by which changes in networks can be detected. Quantitative imaging of cerebral blood flow and metabolism by positron emission tomography can differentiate between vascular dementia and degenerative dementia and show the interaction between vascular and metabolic changes. Additionally, inflammatory changes after ischemia in the brain can be detected, which may play a role together with amyloid deposition in the development of PSD. Prevention of PSD can be achieved by prevention of stroke. As treatment strategies to inhibit the development and mitigate the course of PSD, lowering of blood pressure, statins, neuroprotective drugs, and anti-inflammatory agents have all been studied without convincing evidence of efficacy. Lifestyle interventions, physical activity, and cognitive training have been recently tested, but large controlled trials are still missing.
Efficacy of intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) and 10-Hz high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: Study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: The treatment of depression remains a challenge since at least 40% of patients do not respond to initial antidepressant therapy and 20% present chronic symptoms (more than 2 years despite standard treatment administered correctly). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective adjuvant therapy but still not ideal. Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS), which has only been used recently in clinical practice, could have a faster and more intense effect compared to conventional protocols, including 10-Hz high-frequency rTMS (HF-rTMS). However, no controlled study has so far highlighted the superiority of iTBS in resistant unipolar depression. Methods/design: This paper focuses on the design of a randomised, controlled, double-blind, single-centre study with two parallel arms, carried out in France, in an attempt to assess the efficacy of an iTBS protocol versus a standard HF- rTMS protocol. Sixty patients aged between 18 and 75 years of age will be enrolled. They must be diagnosed with major depressive disorder persisting despite treatment with two antidepressants at an effective dose over a period of 6 weeks during the current episode. The study will consist of two phases: a treatment phase comprising 20 sessions of rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, localised via a neuronavigation system and a 6-month longitudinal follow-up. The primary endpoint will be the number of responders per group, defined by a decrease of at least 50% in the initial score on the Montgomery and Asberg Rating Scale (MADRS) at the end of rTMS sessions. The secondary endpoints will be: response rate 1 month after rTMS sessions; number of remissions defined by a MADRS score of <8 at the endpoint and 1 month after; the number of responses and remissions maintained over the next 6 months; quality of life; and the presence of predictive markers of the therapeutic response: clinical (dimensional scales), neuropsychological (evaluation of cognitive functions), motor (objective motor testing) and neurophysiological (cortical excitability measurements). Discussion: The purpose of our study is to check the assumption of iTBS superiority in the management of unipolar depression and we will discuss its effect over time. In case of a significant increase in the number of therapeutic responses with a prolonged effect, the iTBS protocol could be considered a first-line protocol in resistant unipolar depression. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, Identifier NCT02376491. Registered on 17 February 2015 at http://clinicaltrials.gov.
RTMS of the prefrontal cortex has analgesic effects on neuropathic pain in subjects with spinal cord injury$$$ Study design:Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation study.Objectives:The analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in chronic pain have been the focus of several studies. In particular, rTMS of the premotor cortex/dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (PMC/DLPFC) changes pain perception in healthy subjects and has analgesic effects in acute postoperative pain, as well as in fibromyalgia patients. However, its effect on neuropathic pain in patients with traumatic spinal cord injury (SCI) has not been assessed.Setting:Merano (Italy) and Salzburg (Austria).Methods:In this study, we performed PMC/DLPFC rTMS in subjects with SCI and neuropathic pain. Twelve subjects with chronic cervical or thoracic SCI were randomized to receive 1250 pulses at 10 Hz rTMS (n=6) or sham rTMS (n=6) treatment for 10 sessions over 2 weeks. The visual analog scale, the sensory and affective pain rating indices of the McGill Pain Questionnaire (MPQ), the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale were used to assed pain and mood at baseline (T0), 1 day after the first week of treatment (T1), 1 day (T2), 1 week (T3) and 1 month (T4) after the last intervention.Results:Subjects who received active rTMS had a statistically significant reduction in pain symptoms in comparison with their baseline pain, whereas sham rTMS participants had a non-significant change in daily pain from their baseline pain.Conclusion:The findings of this preliminary study in a small patient sample suggest that rTMS of the PMC/DLPFC may be effective in relieving neuropathic pain in SCI patients.
No Difference in Early Analgesia Between Liposomal Bupivacaine Injection and Intrathecal Morphine After TKA$$$ Background: Opioid analgesics have been a standard modality for postoperative pain management after total knee arthroplasty (TKA) but are also associated with increased risk of nausea, pruritus, vomiting, respiratory depression, prolonged ileus, and cognitive dysfunction. There is still a need for a method of anesthesia that can deliver effective long-term postoperative pain relief without incurring the high cost and health burden of opioids and nerve blocks. Questions/purposes: (1) Is liposomal bupivacaine-based periarticular injection (PAI) more effective than morphine-based spinal anesthesia or ropivacaine-based PAI in controlling postoperative pain after TKA? (2) Do patients treated with liposomal bupivacaine-based PAI experience fewer opioid-related adverse events compared with patients treated with morphine-based spinal anesthesia or ropivacaine-based PAI in controlling postoperative pain after TKA? Methods: This multicenter, blind trial randomized 119 patients undergoing TKA with spinal anesthesia to receive spinal anesthesia plus periarticular injection with liposomal bupivacaine (40 patients), spinal anesthesia with bupivacaine plus intrathecal morphine (41 patients) but no liposomal bupivacaine injection, or spinal anesthesia with bupivacaine (38 patients) and no liposomal bupivacaine injection. The two groups that did not receive periarticular liposomal bupivacaine did receive periarticular injection with ropivacaine, and all three groups had ketorolac (30 mg) plus epinephrine (1:1000) in the periarticular injections. Patients in all three groups received identical perioperative multimodal analgesic and antiemetic drugs. All patients were analyzed in the group to which they were randomized and no patients were lost to followup. The primary study endpoints were visual analog score (VAS) for pain and narcotic use during postoperative day 1. Secondary endpoints included side effects associated with narcotic administration during the hospital stay. Results: Mean VAS pain in the liposomal bupivacaine PAI group was lower than that for the ropivacaine PAI group at 6 hours (1.8 ± 2.1 versus 3.3 ± 2.3, p = 0.005, mean difference: 1.5, 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.5–2.5) and 12 hours (1.5 ± 2.0 versus 3.3 ± 2.4, p < 0.001, mean difference: 1.8, 95% CI, 0.8–2.8) after surgery. The morphine spinal group had lower pain compared with the liposomal bupivacaine PAI group at 6 hours (0.9 ± 1.8 versus 1.8 ± 2.1, p = 0.035, mean difference: 1.0, 95% CI, 0.1–1.8), but there was no difference at 12 hours (0.8 ± 1.5 versus 1.5 ± 2.0, p = 0.086, mean difference: 0.7, 95% CI, −0.1 to 1.5). The magnitude of the differences at 6 and 12 hours are near the lower end of minimal clinically important differences reported in the literature, and thus the improvement shown in this study may only represent a small clinical improvement. Both the liposomal bupivacaine group (13% [five of 40]) and the ropivacaine group (5% [two of 38]) had fewer incidents of itching (pruritus) than the spinal morphine group (38% [15 of 41]) (p = 0.001). Conclusions: This prospective multicenter three-arm blind randomized controlled trial showed potentially improved pain control at 6 and 12 hours in the liposomal bupivacaine and intrathecal morphine groups compared with the ropivacaine group at the cost of much higher incidences of pruritus (itching) in the intrathecal morphine group. Based on these results, we prefer the use of PAI with liposomal bupivacaine as an alternative to spinal anesthesia with intrathecal morphine as a result of similar postoperative pain control and the potential for reducing adverse events. Level of Evidence: Level I, therapeutic study.
Actigraphy in patients with major depressive disorder undergoing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation an open label pilot study$$$ Background: The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on physical activity and sleep patterns in individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD) remain unclear. Method: We examined the effects of rTMS treatment on the rest-activity cycle and sleep disturbances in MDD. In this open-label pilot study, 14 patients with medication-resistant MDD underwent 10 rTMS sessions over the bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. In addition to Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index scores, waist actigraphy was used to evaluate alterations in the rest-activity cycle over the course of rTMS treatments. Actigraphic data were evaluated at baseline and in the first (rTMS sessions 1-3), second (rTMS sessions 4-7), and third (rTMS sessions 8-10) sections. Results: Although Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index scores were significantly improved by rTMS, sleep variables assessed by actigraphy did not show significant changes. However, post hoc tests indicated a significant increase in mean steps per day between the baseline and first section time points (P = 0.014; t13 =-2.316). Conclusions: Our data indicated that a daytime physical activity response to rTMS occurred in early sessions, whereas subjective symptom improvements were consistent across all sessions. Future double-blind placebo-controlled studies assessing the effects of rTMS on the rest-activity cycle and sleep disturbances in MDD are warranted.
Concomitant anticonvulsants with bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy a randomized controlled trial with clinical and neurobiological application$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for major affective disorders. The combined use of ECTand anticonvulsant mood stabilizers is a common clinical scenario. There is dearth of systematic studies on the use of this combination with regard to clinical or cognitive outcomes. Objective/Hypothesis: We aimed to compare clinical improvement and cognitive adverse effects between patients who received only ECT versus those who received ECT and anticonvulsants. We hypothesized that improvement would be fastest in patients who received only ECT. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled trial in which patients prescribed ECTwhile being treated with anticonvulsants were randomized into 3 groups: full-dose (FD), half-dose (HD), and stop anticonvulsant. A blind rater assessed clinical improvement in patients using rating scales [Young's Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) and Clinical Global Impression] for clinical improvement and cognitive adverse effects (Postgraduate Institute memory scale). Analysis was done using mixed-effects modeling to delineate differences in clinical and cognitive outcomes across the 3 arms of the study over the course of ECT. Results: Of the 54 patients recruited, 36 patients went into treatment allocation arms per the initial randomization plan. The main anticonvulsants prescribed were sodium valproate and carbamazepine. Patients in the 3 groups were comparable on clinical features. The most common diagnosis was bipolar affective disorder-with current episode of mania. Overall, there was no difference across the 3 groups in final clinical outcome scores (YMRS and Clinical Global Impression) when analyzed as intention to treat (ITT) or "as treated." In both analyses, group × time interaction was significant when comparing trend of YMRS scores between the FD anticonvulsant group and the HD group from baseline to last ECT (P = 0.0435 in ITTand P = 0.0055 in as treated). Patients in the FD group improved faster than those in the HD group. There were no differences across the 3 groups with regard to their cognitive adverse effects in the ITT analysis; "as-treated analysis" showed the HD patients to have performed poorly on some domains. Seizure parameters showed no significant difference across the 3 groups. Conclusion: This is a preliminary prospective study examining whether coprescription of anticonvulsants with ECT affected clinical or cognitive outcomes. The most important takeaway point from this study is the significant reduction in YMRS scores when ECT was given with FD anticonvulsant compared with halving the dose (HD) of anticonvulsant. This difference was shown in both ITT and as-treated analysis. There is a need for more prospective studies to examine this clinical question.
The added value of auditory cortex transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) after bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for tinnitus$$$ Tinnitus is the perception of a sound in the absence of a corresponding external sound source. Research has suggested that functional abnormalities in tinnitus patients involve auditory as well as non-auditory brain areas. Transcranial electrical stimulation (tES), such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) to the auditory cortex, has demonstrated modulation of brain activity to transiently suppress tinnitus symptoms. Targeting two core regions of the tinnitus network by tES might establish a promising strategy to enhance treatment effects. This proof-of-concept study aims to investigate the effect of a multisite tES treatment protocol on tinnitus intensity and distress. A total of 40 tinnitus patients were enrolled in this study and received either bifrontal tDCS or the multisite treatment of bifrontal tDCS before bilateral auditory cortex tRNS. Both groups were treated on eight sessions (two times a week for 4 weeks). Our results show that a multisite treatment protocol resulted in more pronounced effects when compared with the bifrontal tDCS protocol or the waiting list group, suggesting an added value of auditory cortex tRNS to the bifrontal tDCS protocol for tinnitus patients. These findings support the involvement of the auditory as well as non-auditory brain areas in the pathophysiology of tinnitus and demonstrate the idea of the efficacy of network stimulation in the treatment of neurological disorders. This multisite tES treatment protocol proved to be save and feasible for clinical routine in tinnitus patients.
Effect of low dose of ketamine on learning memory function in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy-A randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical study$$$ Objectives: Converging evidence suggests that low doses of ketamine have antidepressant effects. The feasibility and safety of administering low doses of ketamine as adjunctive medication during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to enhance ECTefficacy and mitigate cognitive impairment has attracted much attention. This study investigated the effects of low doses of ketamine on learning and memory in patients undergoing ECT under propofol anesthesia. Methods: This randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study recruited patients with moderate to severe depressive disorders who failed to respond to antidepressants and were scheduled to receive ECT. Participants were randomly assigned to a study group, which received an intravenous administration of 0.3 mg/kg ketamine and then underwent ECTunder propofol anesthesia, and a control group, which received isovolumetric placebo (normal saline) and then underwent ECT under propofol anesthesia. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was used to assess the severity of depression after ECT. Before and after the ECT course, the Mini-mental State Examination and the Wechsler Memory Scale-Chinese-Revision were used to assess global cognitive and learning and memory functions, respectively. Psychotropic effects were assessed using the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale. Vital signs and other adverse events were recorded for each ECT procedure. Results: Of 132 patients recruited, 66 were assigned to each group; 63 patients in study groups and 64 patients in the control group completed the ECT course during the study. Afterward, the incidence of global cognitive impairment in the control group was higher than it was in the study group. In addition, the decline in the Wechsler Memory Scale-Chinese- Revision scale was greater in the control group than in the study group. The necessary ECT treatment times were shorter in the study group than in the control group (8 [7, 9] vs 9 [8, 10]). No significant escalations of the positive Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale scores or adverse events were observed in the study group when compared with the control group. Conclusions: As adjunctive medication, ketamine can attenuate learning and memory impairment, especially for short-term memory, caused by ECT performed under propofol anesthesia. Ketamine can also reduce ECT treatment times during the therapy course without inducing significant adverse effects.
Cognitive dysfunction in major depression and bipolar disorder: Assessment and treatment options$$$ Cognitive dysfunction is a recognized feature of mood disorders, including major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder (BD). Cognitive impairment is associated with poor overall functional outcome and is therefore an important feature of illness to optimize for patients’ occupational and academic outcomes. While generally people with BD appear to have a greater degree of cognitive impairment than those with MDD, direct comparisons of both patient groups within a single study are lacking. There are a number of methods for the assessment of cognitive function, but few are currently used in clinical practice. Current symptoms, past course of illness, clinical features, such as the presence of psychosis and comorbid conditions, may all influence cognitive function in mood disorders. Despite the general lack of assessment of cognitive function in clinical practice, clinicians are increasingly targeting cognitive symptoms as part of comprehensive treatment strategies. Novel pharmacological agents may improve cognitive function, but most studies of standard mood stabilizers, such as lithium and the anticonvulsants, have focused on whether or not the medications impair cognition. Non-pharmacological strategies, such as cognitive remediation and exercise, are increasingly studied in patients with mood disorders. Despite the growing interest in strategies to manage cognitive function, there is a paucity of high-quality trials examining either pharmacological or non-pharmacological modes of intervention.
The properties and utility of the CORE measure of melancholia$$$ Background The CORE measure was designed to assess a central feature of melancholia - signs of psychomotor disturbance (PMD) - and so provide an alternate non-symptom based measure of melancholia or of its probability. This review evaluates development and application studies undertaken over the last 25 years to consider how well it has met its original objectives. Methods All studies published using the CORE measure as either the only or an adjunctive measure of melancholia were obtained and are considered in this review. Results Findings suggest high reliability in quantifying CORE scores can be achieved and that it has construct validity as a measure of PMD. A number of application studies assessing socio-demographic factors, cognitive and motor impairment, dexamethasone suppression and thyrotropin-releasing hormone, response to psychotherapy and to electroconvulsive therapy support its validity as a measure of melancholia, while functional brain imaging studies suggest that the measure identifies regions of decreased connectivity. Limitations Use of the CORE benefits from rater training and for subjects to be assessed at or near nadir of their depressive episode. There have been insufficient studies evaluating genetic factors, and the treatment response of CORE-defined melancholic patients to antidepressant drugs of differing classes. Conclusions The CORE, either as a proxy or direct measure of melancholia, provides a strategy for assigning depressed subjects a diagnosis or melancholic or non-melancholic depression or for estimating the probability of melancholia.
Two versus one high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation session per day for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Objectives: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) has proven antidepressant effects, but the optimal frequency of sessions remains unclear. Methods:We conducted a 3-week, sham-controlled trial to assess the antidepressant efficacy of 1 active HF-rTMS session per day (A1 group) compared with 2 per day (A2 group) and equivalent sham sessions (once a day, S1 group; twice a day, S2 group) in patients with treatmentresistant major depression with a subsequent 2-week follow-up period. One hundred seventy-seven patients were screened, of whom 105 met eligibility criteria and 98 consented and were randomized. The HF-rTMS (20 Hz) was targeted to the left prefrontal cortex in sessions of approximately 40 trains (2 seconds each) at 100% resting motor threshold with an intertrain interval of 1 minute. Treatment response was defined as a 50%or greater decrease in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) score and/or Clinician Global Impressions-Severity of Illness (CGI-S) score of 3 or less. Remission was defined as HDRS score less than 8 and/or CGI-S score of 2 or less. Results: Practically none of the subjects in either sham groups achieved remission. Increased odds of remission were present for CGI-S by stimulating twice rather than once per day (odds ratio [OR] = 1.5, P = 0.018), whereas there was a marginal result for HDRS (OR = 3.9, P = 0.066). Patients who had lower baseline HDRS (OR = 0.75, P = 0.014) and CGI-S scores (OR = 0.18, P = 0.001) were more likely to achieve remission. Conclusions: Twice per day active HF-rTMS might be more effective than once per day active HF-rTMS or sham stimulation.
Effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation on the cognitive control of emotion: Potential antidepressant mechanisms$$$ Depression negatively impacts quality of life and is associated with high mortality rates. Recent research has demonstrated that improvement in depression symptoms with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) may involve changes in the cognitive control network, a regulatory system modulating the function of cognitive and emotional systems, composed of the DLPFC, dorsal anterior cingulate, and posterior parietal cortices. Transcranial magnetic stimulation to the DLPFC node of the cognitive control network may have antidepressant efficacy via direct effects on cognitive control processes involved in emotion regulation. This review provides a review of the impact of TMS on cognitive control processes, especially those related to emotion regulation, and posits that these effects are critical to the mechanism of action of TMS for depression. Treatment implications and future directions for study are discussed.
Anterior Cingulate Implant for Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder$$$ Background Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a brain disorder with a lifetime prevalence of 2.3%, causing severe functional impairment as a result of anxiety and distress, persistent and repetitive, unwanted, intrusive thoughts (obsessions), and repetitive ritualized behavior (compulsions). Approximately 40%–60% of patients with OCD fail to satisfactorily respond to standard treatments. Intractable OCD has been treated by anterior capsulotomy and cingulotomy, but more recently, neurostimulation approaches have become more popular because of their reversibility. Objective Implants for OCD are commonly being used, targeting the anterior limb of the internal capsula or the nucleus accumbens, but an implant on the anterior cingulate cortex has never been reported. Methods We describe a patient who was primarily treated for alcohol addiction, first with transcranial magnetic stimulation, then by implantation of 2 electrodes overlying the rostrodorsal part of the anterior cingulate cortex bilaterally. Results Her alcohol addiction developed as she was relief drinking to self-treat her OCD, anxiety, and depression. After the surgical implant, she underwent placebo stimulation followed by real stimulation of the dorsal anterior cingulate cortex, which dramatically improved her OCD symptoms (decrease of 65.5% on the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale) as well as her alcohol craving (decrease of 87.5%) after 36 weeks of treatment. Although there were improvements in all the scores, there was only a modest reduction in the patient's weekly alcohol consumption (from 50 units to 32 units). Conclusions Based on these preliminary positive results we propose to further study the possible beneficial effect of anterior cingulate cortex stimulation for intractable OCD.
Efficacy, safety and tolerability of augmentative rtms in treatment of major depressive disorder (mdd): A prospective cohort study in Croatia$$$ Background: An increasing body of research suggest that repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is effective and safe treatment option for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). The Psychiatric Hospital Sveti Ivanhas the first TMS laboratory with rTMS and deep TMS (dTMS) in Croatia. The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy, safety and tolerability of augmentative rTMS treatment vs standard treatment in Croatian patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Subjects and methods: Total of 93 MDD patients were enrolled; 41 of them were treated by augmentative rTMS and 52 were treated by standard (psychopharmacotherapy and psychotherapy) therapy only. We delivered rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 120% motor threshold (10 Hz, 4-second train duration), 3000 pulses per session using a figure-eight coil, minimum of 20 sessions during four weeks. Our key outcome was the change in Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D17) result from baseline to 4th week. Our secondary outcomes were changes in Hamilton Anxiety (HAM-A) and WHOQOL-BREF scales. Results: After four weeks the changes of HAM-D17 and HAM-A results were significantly different between the group of patients treated by augmentative rTMS (48% and 53% decrease, respectively) and the group of patients treated by the standard therapy alone (24% and 30% decrease) (P=0.004, P=0.007). Absolute benefit increase defined as the difference between rates of remission (HAMD177) in rTMS and control group was 33% (P=0.001). Number of patients needed to treat with rTMS in order to achieve remission in one patient was NNT=3. In a group of patients treated with augmentative rTMS 21/41 (51%), and in control group 17/52 (33%) were responders (P=0.071). Conclusions: It seems that augmentative treatment with rTMS is more effective on depression and anxiety symptoms than standard therapy in MDD with equal safety and tolerability. Randomized, controlled studies are required to verify this finding.
A critical review of trials of transcranial direct current stimulation and trigeminal nerve stimulation for depression: The issue of treatment-emergent mania$$$ Objective: This study is a critical review analyzing occurrence of treatment-emergent mania (TEM) related to transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS). Method: We present a systematic review of the literature on TEM related to tDCS and TNS treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), conducted in accordance with the recommendations from Cochrane Group and the PRISMA guidelines. Results: Our search identified few reported episodes of TEM in the literature. In fact, we found 11 trials focused on treatment of MDD (seven controlled trials of tDCS and four trials of TNS, three open label and one controlled). We highlight the need for safety assessment in clinical research settings to establish with precision and in larger samples the risks inherent to the technique under investigation. Conclusion: Safety assessment is of fundamental importance in clinical research. TEM is a very important safety issue in MDD trials. Further and larger controlled trials will help to clarify both the safety and the clinical effects of combinations of pharmacotherapy and tDCS or TNS in daily clinical practice.
Treatment of Nonmotor Symptoms in Parkinson's Disease$$$ Nonmotor symptoms (NMS) are integral to Parkinson's disease (PD) and the management can often be challenging. In spite of the growing evidence that NMS have a key impact on the quality of life of patients and caregivers, most clinical trials still focus on motor symptoms as primary outcomes. As a consequence strong evidence-based treatment recommendations for NMS occurring in PD are spare. In this chapter, the current data addressing the treatment of major NMS such as sleep, cognitive and autonomic dysfunction, and depression and anxiety are described.
Controversial treatments in psychiatry$$$ Psychiatry uses some of the most controversial treatments in medicine. This may be partly because several are administered under coercion and opposed to the patient’s expressed will, under the protection of the relevant mental health legislation. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is perhaps the archetypal controversial treatment; although it is considered to be effective, the research supporting it is much less impressive than one would expect. The prescription of stimulant drugs for childhood attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) and substitution therapy (such as methadone maintenance) in addictions treatment remain topical and appear to be subject to political interference. ‘Treatment’ for homosexuality and psychosurgery were common in the past but are now rare. These issues are discussed to give insight into how once common controversial treatments can decline and become obsolete. However, seclusion and covert medication remain in practice and are highly scrutinised.
“I don't want to talk about it”: An exploration of the effects of trauma-sensitive yoga as an alternative to psychotherapy on posttraumatic stress disorder, depression, and associated symptoms$$$ Background: Although there are evidence-based psychotherapeutic treatments for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), they are not universally effective or acceptable to patients. Alternative approaches are needed. Few researchers have examined the effects of alternative therapy for PTSD, specifically, among veterans who have experienced military sexual trauma (MST), which is reported by 21%-40% of women veterans. Objective(s): The objectives of this feasibility study with women veterans with PTSD and MST were to 1) assess the feasibility of conducting a randomized-control trial of Trauma Center Trauma-Sensitive Yoga (TCTSY) versus Cognitive Processing Therapy-Cognitive (CPT-C) and 2) explore the differential effectiveness of TCTSY and CPT-C on symptoms of PTSD, co-occurring major depressive disorder (MDD), chronic pain, and emotional dysregulation. The results of objective #2 are presented below. Material/Methods: Women veterans who experienced MST and were seeking treatment for PTSD (n = 41) were randomized to a ten-week group yoga intervention or a 12-week CPT-C group intervention. Data were collected pre-intervention and 2- weeks post intervention. Results: At baseline, participants reported severe symptoms of PTSD (PCL: M= 63.08, SD = 11.86), MDD (BDI: M= 31.50, SD = 10.20), chronic pain (PROMIS Pain: M= 63.61, SD = 7.98), and emotional dysregulation (DERS: M= 101.70, SD = 23.26). At 2-weeks post intervention, after adjusting for between-group differences at baseline, significant differences and large effect sizes were found in the TCTSY group versus CPT-C group on PTSD symptom severity (partial eta2 = .601, p=<.000), MDD symptoms (partial eta2 = .665, p=<.000), and emotional dysregulation (partial eta2 = .730, p=<.000). There were no significant group differences on chronic pain outcomes. Conclusions: These explorative findings suggest that traumasensitive yoga is a promising approach to treat symptoms of PTSD, depression and emotional dysregulation in women Veterans with PTSD and MST. Additional research is necessary to determine the effectiveness of TCTSY versus evidence-based psychotherapy, with the possibility of establishing an innovative alternative to current cognitively-based gold-standard psychotherapy for PTSD.
Degree of postictal suppression depends on seizure induction time in magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objectives: Anesthesia is required for both magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), although it has anticonvulsant properties. In this case, bispectral index (BIS) monitoring, a specific electroencephalogram-derived monitoring, can be used to find the optimal seizure induction time during anesthesia to elicit adequate seizures. A measurement of seizure adequacy in electroencephalogram is the postictal suppression. The purpose of this study was to investigate the influence of seizure induction time on the degree of postictal suppression by comparing BIS versus no-BIS monitoring in MST and ECT. Methods: Twenty patients with treatment-resistant depression were randomly assigned to either MST or ECT. Each patient underwent 3 treatments with the determination of seizure induction time by defined prestimulation BIS (BIS condition) and 3 treatments with determination of seizure induction time by controlled clinical trial protocol (no-BIS condition). Statistical analysis was calculated by repeated-measures analysis of variance. Results: The degree of postictal suppression was more pronounced in both MST and ECT, with BIS monitoring. In this connection, no differences between MST and ECTwere found. Seizure induction time was significantly later in the BIS condition (181.3 ± 6 seconds) compared with the no-BIS condition (114.3 ± 12 seconds) (P < 0.001). Conclusions: Adequacy of seizures, in the form of the degree of postictal suppression, was superior by determining the seizure induction time with BIS in both MST and ECT. Further research is needed to investigate the correlation between the degree of postictal suppression and treatment response.
Deep brain stimulation in bed nucleus of stria terminalis and medial forebrain bundle in two patients with generalized anxiety disorder$$$ Background: Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is under investigation for major depressive disorder (MDD). Here we present two patients with severe generalized anxiety disorder treated with DBS in the medial forebrain bundle (MFB) and in the bed nucleus of stria terminalis (BNST). Case presentation: Patient 1: 57-year old male with a childhood onset of anxiety and MDD onset at the age of 43. When evaluated before surgery at baseline the patient scored 44 points on Montgomery-Asberg depresson scale (MADRS) and 40 on Hamilton anxiety scale (HAM-A). Patient 2: 52-year old male with onset of MDD and anxiety at the age of 20. At baseline the patient scored 49 points on MADRS and 40 on HAM-A. In both cases there was a history of generalized anxiety inbetween the episodes of MDD. They had tried psychotherapy, several different pharmacological treatments and ECT. After screening and informed consent, they were included in an ongoing study of DBS for MDD. Methods: In both patients two DBS electrodes were bilaterally implanted in the MFB and in the BNST. The stimulation was started directly after surgery and the patients were randomized to either MFB or BNST DBS for three months, followed by a cross over with three months of stimulation in the other target. The patients and evaluators were blinded as to the target for stimulation. Results: Patient 1: Bipolar stimulation in BNST was titrated and at 3 months evaluation MADRS was reduced to 10 points and HAM-A 14. BNST stimulation was then cessated and MFB stimulation activated. After 3 months of MFB stimulation MADRS had increased to to 32 points and HAM-A 28. No adverse effects were seen in either. Patient 2: Bipolar stimulation in MFB was initiated and at 3 month evaluation MADRS was at 44 and HAM-A 30. MFB stimulation was then cessated and BNST stimulation activated. After 3 months of BNST stimulation MADRS was 24 points and HAM-A 35. Transient visual side effects were noted during MFB stimulation and fatigue following BNST stimulation. Conclusion: MDD patients with comorbidities such as an anxiety disorders are more likely to develop chronicity and experience a higher relapse rates. Several different brain targets are under evaluation for MDD. In this case report two patients with similar clinical picture and pre-operative symptoms responded differently to MFB and BNST stimulation. When sample sizes permit, studies on DBS for MDD might identify subgroups of patients who may respond differentially to DBS and different targets.
Depression and Anxiety in Parkinson's Disease$$$ Depression and anxiety are some of the most common comorbidities arising in patients with Parkinson's disease. However, their timely recognition and diagnosis are often hindered by overlap with other somatic features and a low rate of self-report. There is a need for greater awareness and for better assessment and treatment options are highly required. Currently available scales can serve as tools to monitor change over time and the effect of interventional strategies. Development of new therapeutic strategies, including nonpharmacological approaches such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and deep brain stimulation, may provide alternatives to currently available treatment approaches. In this chapter we will give an overview of the most recent advances in the diagnosis and treatment of these important nonmotor symptoms.
Motor cortex tRNS improves pain, affective and cognitive impairment in patients with fibromyalgia: Preliminary results of a randomised sham-controlled trial$$$ Objective. Fibromyalgia (FM) is a clinical syndrome characterised by widespread musculoskeletal pain, chronic fatigue, cognitive deficits, and sleep and mood disorders. The effectiveness of most pharmacological treatments is limited, and there is a need for new, effective and well-tolerated therapies. It has recently been shown that transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) of the motor cortex reduces pain, and that tDCS of the dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) improves anxiety, depression and cognitive impairment in FM patients. The new technique of transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) using randomly changing alternating currents has very recently been shown to improve working memory and pain in limited series of patients with FM or neuropathic pain. The aim of this study was to investigate the clinical effects of primary motor cortex (M1) tRNS in FM patients. Methods. Twenty female FM patients aged 26-67 years were randomised to undergo active (real) or placebo (sham) tRNS sessions on five days a week (Monday-Friday) for two weeks. Each patient was evaluated before and after treatment using a visual analogue scale (VAS), the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ), the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), the Trail Making Test (TMT), the Rey Auditory Verbal Learning Test (RAVLT), the Forward and Backward Digit Span test, and the FAS verbal fluency test. Results. In comparison with sham treatment, active tRNS of M1 induced a general improvement in the clinical picture of FM, with a significant reduction in pain, depression, anxiety and FIQ scores and a significant improvement in TMT (A), RAVLT and FAS scores. Conclusion. These findings suggest that tRNS of M1 can be very effective in relieving FM symptoms. Unlike motor cortex tDCS, it seems to counteract both pain and cognitive disturbances, possibly because the invoked mechanism of stochastic resonance synchronises neural firing and thus leads to more widespread and lasting effects.
Self-management action plans for COPD patients with comorbidities reduce exacerbation duration and respiratory-related hospitalizations - The cope-iii study$$$ Rationale Symptom-based COPD action plans for self-treatment of exacerbations are effective and safe in COPD patients without comorbidities. However, COPD frequently exists with comorbidities and these action plans may potentially be unsafe or inefficacious if serious comorbidities are present. This study evaluated individualized multi-morbidity action plans for the self-management and self-treatment of deteriorating symptoms of COPD and other common co-existing morbidities. We hypothesized that this approach would reduce the exacerbation duration and severity by enabling quick initiation of appropriate actions if symptoms of COPD or the comorbidities increase. Methods The international multicenter randomized controlled COPE-III self-management trial recruited 201 patients aged 40 years and over with COPD (GOLD II-IV) and at least one comorbidity (ischemic heart disease, chronic heart failure, diabetes mellitus, anxiety, depression) from two hospitals in the Netherlands (n=145) and three in Australia (n=56). Patients were randomly assigned to a patient-tailored self-management intervention (n=102) or usual care (n=99). The self-management group patients participated in four training sessions to learn how to use an individualized action plan to treat COPD exacerbations and their relevant comorbidities. All patients completed daily symptom diaries. Intention-to-treat analyses (Mann-Whitney U tests and Chi-Square tests) were performed to assess the COPD exacerbation duration and hospitalization rates after a follow-up of 12 months. Results A total of 442 COPD exacerbations (self-management n=213; usual care n=229) were extracted from the self-reported diary data in 201 patients (mean age 68.5 (SD 8.9) years; 64.2% male). We observed a significantly and clinically relevant shorter COPD exacerbation duration for self-management (median 4.0 (IQR 0-8.8) days) compared to usual care (median 7.3 (IQR 0-13.0) days) (p=0.038). Furthermore, self-management led to a significantly lower probability of at least one respiratory-related hospitalization (OR 0.43 (95% CI 0.23-0.81); p=0.009). We observed a statistically non-significant lower number of COPD exacerbations per patient for self-management (median 1.0 (IQR 0-3.0)) compared to usual care (median 2.0 (IQR 0-3.0)) (p=0.492). There were no significant between-group differences in all-cause hospitalization (OR 0.81 (95% CI 0.46-1.43); p=0.455) or all-cause mortality rate (self-management n=4, usual care n=7; OR 0.53 (95% CI 0.15-1.89); p=0.326). Conclusions This study shows that exacerbation action plans for COPD patients with comorbidities embedded in an individualized, multi-faceted self-management intervention, reduced COPD exacerbation duration and respiratory-related hospitalization rate. These results indicate that individualized multi-morbidity exacerbation action plans for patients with COPD and frequently existing comorbidities are effective and safe in this population.
Neural connectivity of treatment resistant mood disorders$$$ Purpose Resting-state fMRI (rsfMRI) was used to study the dynamic changes of brain connectivity in major depressive disorder (MDD) patients post repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) therapy. Material and Method: Twenty-three relatively medical-resistant MDD patients were randomly assigned either to active TMS (n=13, 4 men, 9 women, age: 48.1±12.0 yr) or sham TMS (n=10, 5 men, 5 women, age: 45.4±7.7 yr) treatment group. All patients underwent rsfMRI studies using a Siemens 1.5T Aera system before (Pre-Test) and 2 weeks after (Post-Test) TMS intervention. In active group, guided TMS was applied to a dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) determined by resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC), while in sham group, TMS was applied with coil tilted 90 degrees away. Results and Discussion We found rTMS highlighted connections in the cortico-limbic emotional regulation circuits. Antidepressant mainly enhances the connections more related to default mode network and limbic pathways, while both our study groups showed improved default mode network and executive network connections, which inferred the general pattern of remission. Therefore, the results indicated that the local stimulation might mitigate depressive symptom through regulating the underlying neural circuitries rather than local effects. Conclusion: rsfMRI provided a specific non-invasive approach for the connectivity between brain regions in MDD patients. The treatment efficacy of combining rTMS and antidepressant seems better than antidepressant alone.
Is electroconvulsive therapy for depression more effective than placebo? A systematic review of studies since 2009$$$ Background: A 2010 review of studies, previous reviews and meta-analyses found minimal evidence that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depression was more effective than placebo during the treatment period and no evidence at all of efficacy beyond the end of treatment. The current review explored whether any contradictory evidence has since been generated. Method: MEDLINE and PsycINFO were searched to identify all post-2009 studies that had compared ECT and simulated ECT for depression, or had in any other way generated valid depression data for ECT recipients at two or more points in time. Results: Ninety-one studies met inclusion criteria. There were no new placebo-controlled trials. There have now been no such studies since 1985. Only 4 placebo-controlled studies have ever produced data beyond the end of treatment, none of which have found any advantage for ECT over placebo. Of the 91 studies, only 2 aimed to evaluate the efficacy of ECT. Both were severely flawed. None of the other 89 produced robust evidence that ECT is effective for depression, primarily because at least 60% maintained ECT participants on medication and 89% produced no meaningful follow-up data beyond the end of treatment. No studies investigated whether ECT prevents suicide. Conclusions: There is still no evidence that ECT is more effective than placebo for depression reduction or suicide prevention. Given the well-documented high risk of persistent memory dysfunction, the cost-benefit analysis for ECT remains so poor that its use cannot be scientifically, or ethically, justified.
Safety and Exploratory Efficacy at 36 Months in Open-HART, an Open-Label Extension Study of Pridopidine in Huntington's Disease$$$ Background: Open-HART is an open-label extension of HART, a randomized, placebo-controlled, dose-ranging, parallelgroup study. Objective: To evaluate safety and exploratory efficacy of open-label pridopidine over 36 months in subjects with Huntington's disease (HD). Methods: Open-HART subjects were treated with pridopidine 45 mg twice daily (BID). After initial evaluation by telephone (Week 1) and in person (Month 1), in-person visits occurred every 3 months, alternating between safety and clinical visits (safety plus Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale [UHDRS] assessment). The UHDRS was performed for pre-specified analysis as a secondary outcome measure. Adverse events (AEs), laboratory values, and electrocardiography were monitored throughout. Results: Most subjects (89%) reported at least one AE, with 30% experiencing treatment-related AEs. The most common AEs during the first year were falls (12.7%), anxiety (9.3%), insomnia (8.5%), irritability (6.8%), and depression (5.9%). Ninety-nine percent of subjects took concomitant medications. Two seizures were reported as AEs. No arrhythmias or suicide attempts were reported. Five deaths occurred, all considered treatment unrelated. Secondary exploratory analyses of subjects on pridopidine demonstrated motor deterioration (as measured by the UHDRS total motor score) consistent with HD's natural history, as shown in large observational studies. A post-hoc, exploratory analysis of TFC performance compared to placebo groups from other long-term HD studies demonstrated no significant effect for pridopidine on TFC progression after correction for multiple comparisons. Conclusions: Pridopidine 45 mg BID was generally safe and tolerable in HD subjects over 36 months. TMS declined in a manner consistent with the known natural history of HD.
The International College of Neuro-Psychopharmacology (CINP) Treatment Guidelines for Bipolar Disorder in Adults (CINP-BD-2017), Part 2: Review, Grading of the Evidence, and a Precise Algorithm$$$ Background: The current paper includes a systematic search of the literature, a detailed presentation of the results, and a grading of treatment options in terms of efficacy and tolerability/safety. Material and Methods: The PRISMA method was used in the literature search with the combination of the words 'bipolar,' 'manic,' 'mania,' 'manic depression,' and 'manic depressive' with 'randomized,' and 'algorithms' with 'mania,' 'manic,' 'bipolar,' 'manic-depressive,' or 'manic depression.' Relevant web pages and review articles were also reviewed. Results: The current report is based on the analysis of 57 guideline papers and 531 published papers related to RCTs, reviews, posthoc, or meta-analysis papers to March 25, 2016. The specific treatment options for acute mania, mixed episodes, acute bipolar depression, maintenance phase, psychotic and mixed features, anxiety, and rapid cycling were evaluated with regards to efficacy. Existing treatment guidelines were also reviewed. Finally, Tables reflecting efficacy and recommendation levels were created that led to the development of a precise algorithm that still has to prove its feasibility in everyday clinical practice. Conclusions: A systematic literature search was conducted on the pharmacological treatment of bipolar disorder to identify all relevant random controlled trials pertaining to all aspects of bipolar disorder and graded the data according to a predetermined method to develop a precise treatment algorithm for management of various phases of bipolar disorder. It is important to note that the some of the recommendations in the treatment algorithm were based on the secondary outcome data from posthoc analyses.
The role of hippocampal structural synaptic plasticity in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to improve cognitive function in male SAMP8 mice$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been used to improve cognitive function, but the stimulation protocols are variable and the underlying mechanism is unclear. Therefore, we intend to examine whether 5Hz rTMS with 30% maximum output could improve cognitive functions in senescence-accelerated-prone mouse 8 (SAMP8) through changing synaptic plasticity. Methods: SAMP8 and senescence-accelerated-prone mouse/resistant 1 (SAMR1) (7-month old male) were randomly divided into 3 groups: SMAP8 rTMS group (P8-rTMS), SMAP8 sham-rTMS group (P8-sham), and SAMR1 sham-rTMS group (R1- sham). The P8-rTMS group was treated daily with 5Hz rTMS with 30% maximum output for 14 consecutive days, whereas the other two groups were controls without rTMS stimulation. Morris water maze (MWM) experiment was performed after rTMS or sham treatment to assess the effect of rTMS on cognitive function. Reverse transcription polymerase chain reaction and Western blot assays were used to detect the mRNA and protein expression of presynaptic Synapsin (SYN) and postsynaptic density 95 (PSD95) in the hippocampus of these mice. Results: The mean escape latency of the P8-rTMS group was significantly shorter than that of the P8-sham group. The number of platform crossings of the P8-rTMS group was significantly higher than that of the P8-sham group. rTMS significantly upregulated the protein and mRNA expression of SYN and PSD95 in the hippocampus of p8-rTMS mice compared to those of P8 sham mice. Conclusion: 5Hz rTMS with 30% maximum output enhances learning and memory in the SAMP8 mice. This improvement may be associated with the increased expression of synaptic structure proteins SYN and PSD95 in the hippocampus.
Electroconvulsive therapy modulates plasma pigment epithelium-derived factor in depression: A proteomics study$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment for severe depression, yet its mechanism of action is not fully understood. Peripheral blood proteomic analyses may offer insights into the molecular mechanisms of ECT. Patients with a major depressive episode were recruited as part of the EFFECT-Dep trial (enhancing the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression; ISRCTN23577151) along with healthy controls. As a discovery-phase study, patient plasma pre-/post-ECT (n = 30) was analyzed using 2-dimensional difference in gel electrophoresis and mass spectrometry. Identified proteins were selected for confirmation studies using immunodetection methods. Samples from a separate group of patients (pre-/post-ECT; n = 57) and matched healthy controls (n=43) were then used to validate confirmed changes. Target protein mRNA levels were also assessed in rat brain and blood following electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS), the animal model of ECT. We found that ECT significantly altered 121 protein spots with 36 proteins identified by mass spectrometry. Confirmation studies identified a post-ECT increase (P<0.01) in the antiangiogenic and neuroprotective mediator pigment epithelium-derived factor (PEDF). Validation work showed an increase (P<0.001) in plasma PEDF in depressed patients compared with the controls that was further increased post-ECT (P = 0.03). PEDF levels were not associated with mood scores. Chronic, but not acute, ECS increased PEDF mRNA in rat hippocampus (P = 0.02) and dentate gyrus (P = 0.03). This study identified alterations in blood levels of PEDF in depressed patients and further alterations following ECT, as well as in an animal model of ECT. These findings implicate PEDF in the biological response to ECT for depression.
Combining repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and cognitive behavioral therapy for effective treatment of tinnitus and insomnia-a case report$$$ Objectives: We present the case of a 53-year-old male patient, who had been suffering from symptoms of decompensated and chronifed tinnitus for four years, most likely caused by work stress. In addition, the patient developed comorbid decompensated insomnia. Because of potential bidirectional connections between tinnitus and sleep disorders, an interdisciplinary approach to treatment was chosen. Methods: Te treatment plan we developed consisted of 10 sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for tinnitus, followed by 10 sessions of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) for tinnitus and insomnia. We used the Tinnitus Questionnaire (TF) to assess tinnitus severity, the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II) for depressive symptoms, as well as the WHO Well-being Index (WHO-5) for subjective well-being. Results: Improvements could be achieved with regard to everyday functioning, as the patient went from decompensated and severe to clinically negligible TF scores, from minimal to no depressive symptoms, and from just above critical to above average well-being. Combining equipment-based and psychological approaches to treatment proved successful in this case. Conclusion: We conclude that a combination of rTMS and CBT may be considered as an effective treatment for chronic tinnitus and comorbid sleep disorders. To our knowledge this is the frst published case in which rTMS and CBT were combined for tinnitus therapy. Te approach proved successful since it led to a considerable increase in well-being and everyday functioning. To gauge the effect on a more general level, large-scale studies are still needed to cancel out potential placebo effects. Likewise, the impor-tance of the order of the two treatments, and the possibility of using other therapies in combination with CBT to address certain tinnitus subtypes and different etiologies must be studied in greater detail.
Targeting motor cortex with neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in management of chronic migraine$$$ Background: Chronic Migraine (CM) is moderate to severe headache (generally unilateral) over >3 months with associated features like nausea, vomiting, photophobia, phonophobia and osmophobia. Anxiety, depression and disability are significant coexisting factors. With time CM become medically refractory and makes its treatment difficult. Non-invasive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the cortex has been implicated in pain relief in such chronic conditions. Objectives: Purpose of the study was to examine the effects of Neuronavigated rTMS of left motor cortex on pain status, quality of life, depression, anxiety in CM patients. methods: Patients were randomised into real (n=9) and sham rTMS (n=10) groups. Real rTMS (l0 Hz) administered with figure of 8 coil (5 days/week for two weeks) and compared with sham group. VAS rating, headache frequency and questionnaires- WHOQoLBREF, BDI-II, STAI-Y were assessed before and after therapy. Results: Real rTMS group showed significant VAS reduction and improved associated symptoms from baseline when compared with sham TMS group. CONCLUSION: Left motor cortex rTMS significantly reduced pain and improved related symptoms suggesting its role as adjuvant analgesic treatment modality for chronic migraine.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: Recent findings and perspectives$$$ Major depressive disorder is a highly prevalent, disabling condition. Pharmacological treatments are only moderately effective and associated with important adverse effects. These issues reinforce the need of developing novel treatment alternatives. One of them is transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a non-pharmacological technique that might be clinically useful as it is easy to use, affordable and tolerable. TDCS as a treatment for depression has been intensively investigated during the past decade. In this talk, Dr. Brunoni will discuss the most recent findings, based on the results of randomized clinical trials and meta-analyses. The evidence suggests that tDCS might be effective in specific groups of depressed patients; although it is still inferior to pharmacotherapy. Future perspectives on how to improve tDCS efficacy will be discussed.
RTMS in elderly patients$$$ Because of the clinical specific characteristics in elderly depressive patients, who have greater cognitive and physical impairments, and who often show inadequate response to antidepressive medication and more side effects, new innovative non-psychopharmacologic and nonpsychotherapeutic treatments are required. Therefore, especially noninvasive brain stimulation techniques are required. However, the age of the patients is one of the most intensive discussed negative predictor for response to rTMS treatment, the older the patients the higher the level of non-response. Neurobiological reasons for agerelated non-response to rTMS are cortical atrophy and changes in myelination, cerebrovascular dysfunctions, and reduction of cortical excitability. Furthermore, human motor cortex shows age-dependent reduction of cortical plasticity. Therefore, only very few studies are available, which directly compare the antidepressive rTMS effect in association with the age of the patients. Nevertheless, recent data suggest no deficits in response to rTMS in the elderly, and no greater risk for side effects. Because of its shorter stimulation duration time and lower intensity, and because of only very few side effects (low seizure and adverse event risk) in comparison to rTMS, especially Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) could be both effective and well tolerated in older depressive patients. Our own clinical experiences are in line with this hypothesis. Clinical randomized and placebo controlled studies should be of high interest for this subgroup of depressive patients.
Can meta-regression identify the optimal protocols for deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) in studies with neuropsychiatric disorders?$$$ Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) with the H-coil system is an FDA-approved treatment for unipolar major depressive disorder (MDD). DTMS efficacy in MDD is well-established possibly due to a consistent protocol utilised in all studies so far, including 20 daily sessions of high-frequency (18-20 Hz) and high-intensity (120% of the resting motor threshold) stimulation with H1-coil. Recent studies show that DTMS may also have favourable clinical outcomes in other neuropsychiatric disorders than MDD. However, unlike MDD, these studies utilise highly variable stimulation protocols. The aim of this talk is to present the clinical outcomes of DTMS in neuropsychiatric disorders focusing on the stimulation protocols in studies published until mid 2017. The clinical outcome in each study is expressed as an effect size (a standardised change in severity of disorder from baseline to the last daily DTMS session). According to a multivariate meta-regression analysis (randomeffects with inverse-variance weights) of data from k = 30 studies, only 13% of variability in effect sizes is explained by the stimulation protocols (frequency, intensity, and the number of sessions). When controlling for other predictors in the model, effect sizes improve with higher frequency of stimulation, with lower intensity, and do not depend on the number of stimulation sessions. The remaining 87% of variability in effect sizes could be due to the demographic and the clinical characteristics of patients as well as other stimulation parameters (location, number of stimuli). The results of this meta-regression suggest that efficacy of DTMS depends on stimulation frequency and that 'more (intensity)' may not necessarily produce 'better' outcomes. Future primary and secondary research should focus on identifying the optimal stimulation protocols for acute and long-lasting efficacy of DTMS in neuropsychiatric disorders.
PsychotherapyPlus: Augmentation of cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) with prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in major depressive disorder: Study design and methodology of a multicenter double-blind randomized placebo controlled trial$$$ Background: Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is one of the most prevalent psychiatric disorders worldwide. About 20-30% of patients do not respond to standard psychopharmacological and/or psychotherapeutic treatment interventions. Mounting evidence from neuroimaging studies in MDD patients revealed altered activation patterns in lateral prefrontal brain areas showing that successful cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is associated with a recovery of these neural alterations. Moreover, it has been demonstrated that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is capable of influencing prefrontal cortex activity and cognitive functions such as working memory and emotion regulation. Thus, a clinical trial investigating the effects of an antidepressant intervention combining CBT with tDCS seems promising. The present study investigates the antidepressant efficacy of a combined CBT-tDCS intervention as compared to CBT with sham-tDCS or CBT alone. Methods: A total of 192 patients (20-65 years) with MDD (HDRS-21 ≥ 15) will be recruited at four study sites across Germany (Berlin, Munich, Tuebingen, Freiburg) and randomly assigned to one of the following three treatment arms: (1) CBT + active tDCS, (2) CBT + sham-tDCS, and (3) CBT alone. All participants will attend a 6-week psychotherapeutic intervention comprising twelve sessions of CBT each lasting 100 min in a closed group setting. tDCS will be applied during each CBT session with active tDCS including stimulation with an intensity of 2 mA for 30 min with the anode placed over F3 and the cathode over F4 according to the EEG 10-20 system, if assigned. The primary outcome measure is the change in Montgomery-A sberg Depression Rating Scale scores from baseline to 6, 18, and 30 weeks after the first session. Participants also undergo pre and post treatment neuropsychological testing and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) to assess changes in prefrontal functioning and connectivity. Discussion: The study investigates whether CBT can be augmented by non-invasive brain stimulation techniques such as tDCS in the treatment of MDD. It is designed as a proof-of-principle trial for the combined tDCS-CBT treatment, but also allows the investigation of the neurobiological underpinnings of the interaction between both interventions in MDD.
Design and methods of an ongoing randomized controlled study of tDCS in major depression: The DepressionDC trial$$$ The DepressionDC trial is a triple-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled multicenter trial investigating the efficacy and safety of prefrontal tDCS used as additive treatment in MDD patients who have not responded to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). At 7 German sites 152 patients with MDD receive a 6-weeks treatment with active tDCS (anode F3 and cathode F4, 2 mA intensity, 30 min/day) or sham tDCS add-on to a stable antidepressant medication with an SSRI. Follow-up visits are at 3 and 6 months after the last tDCS. The primary outcome measure is the change of the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores at week 6 postrandomisation compared to baseline. Secondary endpoints also cover other psychopathological domains, and a comprehensive safety assessment includes measures of cognition. The study uses an advanced tDCS technology including recording of technical parameters (current, impedance, voltage) in each tDCS session. Here, we present this novel approach for monitoring technical parameters of tDCS and further methodological requirements (i.e. current density modelling, standardized electrode positioning). The DepressionDC trial aims at answering the clinical question whether prefrontal tDCS is a safe and effective add-on intervention in patients who have not sufficiently responded to SSRIs.
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on cognitive control and emotion regulation in depressed patients$$$ Background: Deficient cognitive control (CC) and the use of dysfunctional emotion regulation strategies (ERS) are both central characteristics of major depression. Both are associated with reduced activity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a safe, simple and effective noninvasive method to modulate the cortical excitability. The goal of our study is to examine the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on the CC and ERS in depressed patients compared to healthy subjects. Methods: Overall, this randomized, sham-controlled, double blind clinical trial will include 44 participants (22 depressed patients and 22 healthy subjects). Each participant will complete a CC task while receiving sham tDCS in one session and anodal tDCS in the other session (counterbalanced). Afterwards the ERS 'rumination' will be measured during a 7-min resting phase by means of a questionnaire and psychophysiological measures (heart rate variability). Overall, this experiment will provide additional data for the development of new treatment methods. Results: As the study is still in preparation preliminary results will be presented and discussed at the conference. We hypothesize (1) an amelioration of CC by anodal tDCS and (2) a reduced use of the dysfunctional emotion regulation strategy 'rumination' after anodal tDCS. Future prospects: The effect tDCS can outlast the stimulation time when combined with a training. The next step towards a new treatment method for major depression and also other psychiatric diseases will be to conduct a tDCS supported CC-training study.
The influence of tDCS on prosocial behaviour when being socially excluded: Experimental design$$$ Background: The Cyberball-Paradigm represents an elegant tool to investigate psychosocial phenomena such as ostracism, discrimination and prejudices [1, 2]. A considerable amount of Cyberball-studies could show that the experience of social exclusion leads to an increase of negative feelings, aggressive behaviour and the inclination of antisocial behaviour [3-7]. A new modified version of the Cyberball-Paradigm allows the simulation of a partial exclusion [8]. The participant is excluded by only one player (one includer, one excluder) which enables a more differentiated data collection regarding behavioural tendencies and cognitions towards the including and excluding person. For instance, a recent, unpublished study by Dewald-Kaufmann and colleagues [8] provides evidence that depressive and borderline patients behave significantly less prosocial towards the excluder than healthy participants. On this background the goal of this pilot study is to examine the effect of a brain stimulation targeting emotion regulations areas (rVLPFC, F6) with anodal tDCS on prosocial behaviour and cognition. In addition, we want to shed light on potential moderating trait factors like neuroticism values, self-esteem and resilience. An electrocardiogram (ECG) is integrated as objective stress measurement to figure out if excluded participants show a higher stress response than in the inclusion condition. Study-design: Double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled 2 9 2 within-subject and between-groups design with 36 healthy participants. Each participant will play both conditions (inclusion and exclusion) of the new Cyberball-Paradigm for 12 min. 15 min before Cyberball starts each participant receives brain stimulation (sham vs. verum tDCS) of the right ventrolateral prefrontal cortex (F6). The ECG will record the heart rate in the 12 min period of playing. All participants will be screened regarding psychological abnormalities in advance to the first study visit. Conclusion: With this pilot study we want to gain more insights about the effects of rVLPFC tDCS on interpersonal behavior and cognition as well as to figure out potential application areas of tDCS on emotion regulation and coping with stressful social situations.
Safety of tES$$$ Given the growing interest in the non-invasive low intensity transcranial electrical stimulation (TES) technologies, the aim of this session is to summarize safety issues surrounding the use of TES for the treatment of nervous system disorders as well as for non-therapeutic uses, Low intensity TES, encompassing transcranial direct current (tDCS), transcutaneous spinal Direct Current Stimulation (tsDCS), transcranial alternating current (tACS), and transcranial random noise (tRNS) stimulation or their combinations so far appears to be a safe technique. The prevalence of published AEs is different in studies specifically assessing AEs vs. those not assessing them. Nevertheless, the profile of adverse events (AEs) in terms of frequency and type is comparable in healthy and clinical populations. Typical adverse effects are itching, burning sensations under the electrode or transient, mild headaches and fatigue. Mild AEs are mainly skin burns, which can be controlled by improving skin-electrode contact. Very rarely mania or hypomania was induced in patients with depression. Co-application of neuroimaging electrophysiological measurements was not associated with further safety problems. Using AC stimulation fewer AEs were reported compared to DC. According to recent studies safety is established for lowintensity TES defined as≤4 mA, up to 60 min duration per day.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as treatment for major depression: A prospective multicenter double blind randomized placebo controlled trial (DepressionDC)-early quality control of technical data from a blind selection of active tDCS sessions$$$ Background: The DepressionDC study investigates efficacy and tolerability of prefrontal tDCS used as an additive therapy to an antidepressant medication (SSRI) as treatment for major depression in a double-blinded, placebo-controlled multicenter trial. There is a consensus on parameters like electrical current (1-2 mA) and the critical impedance values are known from safety-studies, but the in vivo stability of these technical parameters over the stimulation period has not been investigated yet. For this study a novel system for recording and monitoring of technical data has been established. Here, we present a blind analysis of the technical data of 120 active tDCS sessions from a single center. Methods: Patients with MDD receive a 6-weeks treatment with prefrontal tDCS (anode: F3, cathode: F4, 5 sessions/week for 4 weeks followed by 2 sessions/week for 2 weeks, 30 min/day, 2 mA intensity) or sham tDCS (parameters correspondent active tDCS, ramp in and ramp out periods only without intermittent stimulation) as adjunctive treatment to a SSRI. Impedance, current and voltage, are continuously recorded (1800 time points over 30 min). After the stimulation, data is automatically transferred to a cloud where the data are stored under the randomization code with maintaining integrity of blinding. Results: The descriptive analysis showed a high homogeneity and stability of the technical parameters over the time of the tDCS session in 120 active stimulations. Considering only the stimulation time without ramp in and ramp out periods direct current is stabile between 2008 and 1970 lA, impedance between 6053 and 1454 kX and voltage between 12,093 and 2902 V. Using a window function the standard deviation of the measures was analysed. A steady state of voltage was reached between 46 and 55 measurements, i.e. after 46-55 s, and the impedance reached a steady state after 15-20 measurements i.e. after 15-20 s of stimulation.
Targeting fatigue, mood and cognition in multiple sclerosis using tDCS$$$ Background: Multiple Sclerosis (MS) is a chronic inflammatory and neurodegenerative disease of the central nervous system, through which the patients may experience various symptoms such as fatigue, psychiatric complaints, cognitive deficits, to cite a few [1, 2]. The current pharmacological treatments are majorly limited by their side effects profile and modest efficacy. Recently, non-invasive brain stimulation techniques, particularly transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have proved some benefits in the context of neurological and psychiatric diseases [2, 3]. The purpose of this work was to evaluate tDCS effects on fatigue, anxiety and depression symptoms, and attentional abilities. Methods: The study adapted a double-blind, sham-controlled and cross-over design. Each of the 10 MS patients randomly received three anodal tDCS blocks made each of 5 consecutive daily sessions: active stimulation over the right posterior parietal cortex (PPC), active stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) or sham stimulation over either site. Each block was made of 5 consecutive daily sessions. A washout interval of 3 weeks separated them. Results: Only right PPC tDCS improved the anxiety and depression scores. Only left DLPFC tDCS improved fatigue. Neither condition improved the attentional capacities. Conclusion: The results of this work highlight the effects of tDCS on fatigue, anxiety and depression symptoms in the context of MS. This could be explained by the fact that DLPFC plays a key role in the cortico-striato-thalamo-cortical fatigue loop. In addition, the PPC per se was previously found to be implicated in the pathophysiology of anxiety and depressive disorders. Although both cortical sites are implicated in attentional networks, the lack of tDCS effects on attention could be partially attributed to the small sample size or the protocol duration. The current findings merits to be replicated in large-scale studies aiming to improve MS patients' quality of life.
A multimodal investigation on the biological markers associated with the antidepressant effects of transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been investigated as a treatment for major depressive disorder, although results have been heterogeneous: although some patients improve significantly after tDCS, others show low response. Investigating predictors of tDCS antidepressant response can identify patients that would potentially benefit from tDCS and contribute to a better understanding on the mechanisms of action of tDCS. In the Escitalopram vs. Electric Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study (ELECTTDCS) trial, we evaluated the clinical efficacy of tDCS compared to placebo and escitalopram, finding superiority of escitalopram vs. tDCS and placebo and superiority of tDCS vs. placebo. In ELECTTDCS, we collected potential biomarkers of tDCS antidepressant response. In this presentation data regarding clinical and neuropsychological variables, heart rate variability, motor cortical excitability, serum neurotrophin levels and voxel-based morphometry of the brain in the context of antidepressant prediction will be shown and discussed.
The impact of accelerated HF-rTMS on neurochemicals in major depression: Insights from 1H MR spectroscopy$$$ Accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) paradigms are currently used to improve treatment in major depressive disorder (MDD). Although these new treatment algorithms seem to be able to alleviate mood over a relatively short period of time, no studies yet examined its cellular effects with regard to clinical outcome, safety and neural integrity. We recruited eighteen right-handed antidepressant-free unipolar treatment resistant depressed (TRD) patients who participated in a 2-week randomized sham-controlled accelerated high frequency (aHF)-rTMS crossover treatment study, applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). All underwent 1H MR spectroscopy before and after each week of aHFrTMS treatment. We explicitly focused on neurochemical concentrations in the bilateral DLPFC and rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC). At baseline, compared to healthy individuals, TRD patients displayed significant lower glutaminergic concentrations in the left DLPFC only. Clinical improvement was related to significant GABA increases also in the left DLPFC only. No influences on neuronal integrity were observed in any of the predefined regions of interest. Besides that left DLPFC aHF-rTMS treatment resulted in immediate GABA increases in the targeted area, this supposed excitatory neurophysiologic stimulation paradigm seems to recruit primarily inhibitory neurons, without affecting neuronal integrity.
Imagery guided personalized robotic rTMS in depression: Preliminary results of a feasibility study$$$ Introduction: The iADAPT study-Imagery guided Anti-Depressive Adaptive Personalized TMS (Clinicaltrials NCT02863380)-is a double-blind randomized cross-over study designed to assess the feasibility and efficiency of personalizing rTMS protocol, based on the functional imaging of single subjects, relative to classical HFrTMS and tDCS. Each patient undergone two sessions per day for 10 days. Method: Brain imaging included two kinds of ASL sequences, converted in rCBF, repeated in three different sessions, using different functional paradigms and contrasted to thirty-six normal controls. The tDCS protocol used an F3 anodal positioning, cathode upon the right upper arm, 20 min sessions at 2 mA DC. Classical HF-rTMS on F3, delivering 3000 pulses per session (120%, 10 Hz, 4 s trains, 26 ISI). Last personalized rTMS was designed to correct the rCBF anomalies. Thirty targets were planned to cover at best reachable parts of the complex regions with abnormal perfusion. Coil positioning used a robotic neuronavigated device. Results: We report on the first 11 patients. All patients had significant rCBF changes with two main patterns: one with a bilateral frontoparietal hypo-perfusion (n = 9, figure 1a), and one with a bilateral frontal hyper-perfusion (n = 2, figure 1b). The classical target, the L-DLPFC, was hypo-perfused in only half of the patients, hyperperfused in one case. Three patients improved under tDCS, six under classical rTMS and seven under personalized rTMS. Patient's rating showed an average of 10, 30 and 40% symptomatic improvement respectively for tDCS (blue), classical rTMS (green) and personalized rTMS (red, figure 1c). Conclusion: Getting reliable single subject functional results to guide rTMS treatment was possible. The robotic settings allowed to design and execute complex personalized protocols which permitted a good coverage of perfusion anomalies. More subjects are needed to draw conclusion on the therapeutic efficacy of each arm. (Figure presented).
Clinical application of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) in neuropsychiatric disorders: A systematic literature review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) with the H-coil is a non-invasive method of stimulating the entire cortex and presumably deeper neural structures. The aim of the current study was to evaluate the acute clinical outcomes of daily DTMS treatment in neuropsychiatric disorders using a systematic review and metaanalysis. Methods: Following a systematic literature search of PsycInfo and Medline (up to 28.04.2017), k = 35 studies (k = 24 open-label and k = 11 double-blind randomised controlled trials, RCT, with inactive sham groups) were included in the current study. The clinical outcomes were assessed with standardised scales at baseline and after daily DTMS and expressed as standardised change scores (Hedges' g). Effect sizes were pooled using a random-effects meta-analysis with inverse-variance weights. Results: Symptom severity significantly decreased after DTMS relative to baseline (large pooled g = 1.23, 95% confidence interval CI 0.97-1.49; k = 35 studies with 560 patients who received active treatment). The largest reductions in symptom severity were observed in studies with unipolar major depression (MDD; k = 11), bipolar MDD (k = 4), neuropathy (k = 2), and substance use disorders (SUD; k = 6). High-frequency (18-20 Hz) and high-intensity (120% of the resting motor threshold, %RMT) protocols produced significantly better outcomes relative to lower frequency/intensity (≤18 Hz/ ≤120% RMT) protocols. DTMS also produced significant reductions in symptom severity relative to sham (moderate pooled g = 0.53, 95% CI 0.24-0.82; k = 11 RCTs with 383 patients). Discussion: DTMS produces acceptable clinical outcomes in various neuropsychiatric disorders, especially in MDD and SUD. Future research is required to understand the influence of stimulation protocols on the clinical outcomes.
Acute efficacy of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) in unipolar vs. bipolar major depressive disorder (MDD): A systematic literature review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) with the H-coil is a non-invasive treatment alternative for pharmaco-resistant major depression (MDD) as it stimulates widespread cortical and presumably subcortical regions to normalise brain activity. The method has been FDA-approved for unipolar MDD. The aim of the current study was to determine the efficacy of DTMS for bipolar compared to unipolar MDD using a systematic review and metaanalysis. Methods: A systematic literature search of PubMed and PsycInfo identified k = 4 studies that used the H-coil to treat bipolar MDD (one randomised-controlled trial [RCT], three open-label) and k = 11 studies with unipolar MDD (one RCT, ten open-label). Clinical outcomes were the standardised change in depression severity (baseline-after last daily DTMS session) according to standardised scales and expressed as Hedges' g (effect size), and response and remission rates. A random-effects meta-analysis with inverse-variance weights was carried out to pool the effects. Results: The meta-analysis revealed a large acute antidepressant effect in k = 4 studies with n = 65 bipolar patients (g = 1.81, 95% confidence interval CI 0.90-2.72). Pooled response and remission rates were 62 and 29%, respectively. The antidepressant effect in n = 282 unipolar patients was similarly large (g = 1.51, 95% CI 1.23-1.79), with pooled response and remission rates of 51 and 29%, respectively. Most of k = 15 studies used stimulation parameters of 18-20 Hz frequency at 120% motor threshold with 1680 or 1980 stimuli (42 or 55 trains per session) across 20 daily sessions. The majority of patients in both groups were on concurrent stable antidepressants. Discussion: The acute antidepressant outcomes for unipolar and bipolar MDD are of similar magnitude and suggest acceptable clinical relevance of DTMS. However, effects in bipolar patients were more variable. Results are limited by the use of mostly open-label studies with medicated patients. Nonetheless, they show that DTMS is a promising acute treatment for bipolar MDD.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation has different short-term efficacy on different major depressive disorder symptoms: A nested prospective cohort study in Croatia$$$ Introduction: This presentation will describe the protocol and interim analysis of 12-month study with rTMS/dTMS and standard therapy control in patients with moderate/severe MDD. The study objective is to explore the short and long-term efficacy/tolerability, and to create and validate the treatment outcomes multivariate prediction model. Methods: In this, randomized, active-controlled, prospective study 4-weeks sessions are conducted with rTMS, five times weekly, at 10 pulses/s, 120% of motor threshold, 3000 pulses/session, and with dTMS by Brainsway protocol. Primary outcomes are the changes in HAM-D17, PSQ9, MADRS, BDI-II results and remission rates. Secondary outcomes are changes in WHOQOL, EQ-5D-5L, GAF. Sleep quality is evaluated with EPWORTH and Pittsburgh scales. Tolerability assessment included all adverse events (AEs). Personality traits measured by IPIP, plasma serotonin, BDNF and other clinical variables will be used in the derivation of a prediction model. Results: By May 2017, 162 patients were enrolled (54 randomized in each group). After adjustment for baseline HAM-D17 and confounders, TMS groups were significantly different from the control group (p≤0.001). Mean HAM-D17 score was lowered for 69% in dTMS, 59% in rTMS and 28% in control group. The difference between dTMS and rTMS was not significant (p = 0.070). After 4-weeks, 63% of patients treated with dTMS achieved remission, 52% in rTMS and 19% in control group. The difference between TMS and control was significant (p≤0.001), but not between the two TMS groups (p = 0.243). We did not observe significant changes in quality of life. TMS was well tolerated with a no dropout for AEs. Conclusion: Preliminary data indicate that augmentative rTMS or dTMS are more effective in MDD treatment than standard therapy. dTMS with H1-coil is more effective than rTMS, but not statistically significant. Both treatments are well tolerated.
Efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with and without the Brainsway H1-coil in treatment of major depressive disorder: Presentation of the protocol and interim analysis$$$ Introduction: This presentation will describe the protocol and interim analysis of 12-month study with rTMS/dTMS and standard therapy control in patients with moderate/severe MDD. The study objective is to explore the short and long-term efficacy/tolerability, and to create and validate the treatment outcomes multivariate prediction model. Methods: In this, randomized, active-controlled, prospective study 4-weeks sessions are conducted with rTMS, five times weekly, at 10 pulses/s, 120% of motor threshold, 3000 pulses/session, and with dTMS by Brainsway protocol. Primary outcomes are the changes in HAM-D17, PSQ9, MADRS, BDI-II results and remission rates. Secondary outcomes are changes in WHOQOL, EQ-5D-5L, GAF. Sleep quality is evaluated with EPWORTH and Pittsburgh scales. Tolerability assessment included all adverse events (AEs). Personality traits measured by IPIP, plasma serotonin, BDNF and other clinical variables will be used in the derivation of a prediction model. Results: By May 2017, 162 patients were enrolled (54 randomized in each group). After adjustment for baseline HAM-D17 and confounders, TMS groups were significantly different from the control group (p≤0.001). Mean HAM-D17 score was lowered for 69% in dTMS, 59% in rTMS and 28% in control group. The difference between dTMS and rTMS was not significant (p = 0.070). After 4-weeks, 63% of patients treated with dTMS achieved remission, 52% in rTMS and 19% in control group. The difference between TMS and control was significant (p≤0.001), but not between the two TMS groups (p = 0.243). We did not observe significant changes in quality of life. TMS was well tolerated with a no dropout for AEs. Conclusion: Preliminary data indicate that augmentative rTMS or dTMS are more effective in MDD treatment than standard therapy. dTMS with H1-coil is more effective than rTMS, but not statistically significant. Both treatments are well tolerated.
The RESOLVE Trial for people with chronic low back pain: protocol for a randomised clinical trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Low back pain is the leading worldwide cause of disability, and results in significant personal hardship. Most available treatments, when tested in high-quality randomised, controlled trials, achieve only modest improvements in pain, at best. Recently, treatments that target central nervous system function have been developed and tested in small studies. Combining treatments that target central nervous system function with traditional treatments directed towards functioning of the back is a promising approach that has yet to be tested in adequately powered, prospectively registered, clinical trials. The RESOLVE trial will be the first high-quality assessment of two treatment programs that combine central nervous system-directed and traditional interventions in order to improve chronic low back pain. AIM: To compare the effectiveness of two treatment programs that combine central nervous system-directed and traditional interventions at reducing pain intensity at 18 weeks post randomisation in a randomised clinical trial of people with chronic low back pain. DESIGN: Two-group, randomised, clinical trial with blinding of participants and assessors. PARTICIPANTS AND SETTING: Two hundred and seventy-five participants with chronic low back pain that has persisted longer than 3 months and no specific spinal pathology will be recruited from the community and primary care in Sydney, Australia. INTERVENTIONS: Both of the interventions contain treatments that target central nervous system function combined with treatments directed towards functioning of the back. Adherence to the intervention will be monitored using an individual treatment diary and adverse events recorded through passive capture. Participants are informed prior to providing informed consent that some of the treatments are not active. Blinding is maintained by not disclosing any further information. Complete disclosure of the contents of the intervention has been made with the UNSW HREC (HC15357) and an embargoed project registration has been made on the Open Science Framework to meet the Declaration of Helsinki requirement for transparent reporting of trial methods a priori. INTERVENTION A: Participants randomised to Intervention A will receive a 12-session treatment program delivered as 60-minute sessions, scheduled approximately weekly, over a period of 12 to 18 weeks. All treatment sessions are one-on-one. The program includes a home treatment component of 30minutes, five times per week. The intervention comprises discussion of the participant's low back pain experience, graded sensory training, graded motor imagery training and graded, precision-focused and feedback-enriched, functional movement training. Treatment progression is determined by participant proficiency, with mandatory advancement at set time points with respect to a standard protocol. INTERVENTION B: Participants randomised to Intervention B will receive a 12-session treatment program of the same duration and structure as Intervention A. The intervention comprises discussion of the participant's low back pain experience, transcranial direct current stimulation to the motor and pre-frontal cortices, cranial electrical stimulation, and low-intensity laser therapy and pulsed electromagnetic energy to the area of greatest pain. Treatment is delivered according to published recommendations and progressed with respect to a standard protocol. MEASUREMENTS: The primary outcome is pain intensity at 18 weeks post randomisation. Secondary outcomes will include disability, depression, pain catastrophising, kinesiophobia, beliefs about back pain, pain self-efficacy, quality of life, healthcare resource use, and treatment credibility. Assessment will occur at baseline and at 18, 26 and 52 weeks after randomisation. Treatment credibility will be assessed at baseline and 2 weeks after randomisation only. ANALYSIS: A statistician blinded to group status will analyse the data by intention-to-treat using linear mixed models with random intercepts. Linear contrasts will be constructed to compare the adjusted mean change (continuous variables) in outcome from baseline to each time point between intervention A and intervention B. This will provide effect estimates and 95% confidence intervals for any difference between the interventions. SIGNIFICANCE: Preliminary data suggest that combining treatments that target central nervous system function with traditional interventions is a promising approach to chronic low back pain treatment. In the context of modest effects on pain intensity from most available treatments, this approach may lead to improved clinical outcomes for people with chronic low back pain. The trial will determine which, if either, of two treatment programs that combine central nervous system-directed and traditional interventions is more effective at reducing pain intensity in a chronic low back pain cohort. Central nervous system-directed interventions constitute a completely new treatment paradigm for chronic low back pain management. The results have the potential to be far reaching and change current physiotherapy management of chronic low back pain in Australia and internationally.
The efficacy of adjunctives rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on executive, cognitive functions and psychopathology in early onset schizophrenia$$$ Background: Early noninvasive electrical stimulation studies suggested that accentuation of non-dominant dorsolateral prefrontal (DLPFC) cortex activity might prove valuable in symptomatic treatment of refractory neuropsychiatric diseases and improvement of executive functioning via modulation of emotion and affect. This study aimed to test this hypothesis in early onset schizophrenia patients using high frequency noninvasive repetitive trans-cranial magnetic (rTMS) stimulation. Materials & Methods: A 2-arm double-blind randomized controlled trial was conducted with 40 patients (20 active & 20 sham group) having early onset schizophrenia who underwent ten sessions (biweekly) of high frequency rTMS stimulation to the right DLPFC. Assessments included Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia (CDSS), Positive and Negative Symptom Scale (PANSS), Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE), N-Back and Trail making Test A and B (TMT A &B), Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) at Baseline, after 1st session of rTMS, later at 2nd week (completion of 10 sessions) and 4th week after the last session of rTMS. Results: Overall, there was significant reduction in severity of positive symptoms, general psychopathology and total score (PANSSPS {p=.000}, GP {p=.020}, T {p=.000}); depressive symptoms (CDSS {p=.012}); improvement in cognitive (MMSE {p=.000}) and executive functioning (N-Back {p=.001}; TMT A {p=.001} and B {p=.007} and WCST {p=.019}) in the active patient's v/s sham group. Conclusion: Excitatory stimulation of right sided DLPFC using rTMS could induce cortical neural modulation to bring functional and neurochemical changes in frontal lobe to improve negative symptoms, mood, and executive functioning in patients suffering from early onset schizophrenia.
The Efficacy Of Adjunctive Theta Burst Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation To The Cerebellar Vermis In Negative Symptoms Of Schizophrenia: A Randomized Double Blind Sham Controlled Study$$$ Objectives: To assess the change in negative symptoms following cerebellar vermal theta burst RTMS in patients suffering from schizophrenia as compared to sham stimulation. Method: Forty patients with schizophrenia were given 10 sessions of intermittent theta burst stimulation (itbs) to the vermal part of cerebellum located according to the 10 - 20 international system. Patients were randomized into two groups; active group receiving ITBS and control group receiving sham RTMS. Patients were rated before and after completion of 10 sessions and the final rating were done 14 days after sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS). Patients were maintained on optimal antipsychotics before the start of rtms sessions and were maintained till the end of study period. Results: We found significant reduction in scores of scale for assessment of negative symptoms (SANS), positive and negative syndrome scale (PAN SS), Calgarly depression scale for schizophrenia (CDSS) after the ITBS sessions in patients receiving active RTMS as well as SHAM RTMS. No significant difference in simpson-angus scale (SAS) scores was found. There was significant reduction in scores (SAS, PANSS, CDSS) over time in both the groups, with the sans and PANSS score remaining significant even in the follow-up period. Conclusion: We concluded that intermittent theta burst (ITBS) over cerebellar vermis does not seem to have significant effect on psychopathology in the patients of schizophrenia with negative symptoms.
A Randomized Controlled Trial of rtms Augmentation In Depression$$$ Background: Major depression is a serious disorder of great clinical and sociological importance. Resistance to the available treatment strategies is observed in 30-40% of patients. To date mainly effectiveness of high frequency rtms has been studied in major depressive disorder. However studies on low frequency RTMS also provided equal effectiveness and better tolerability profile. Aims: To study the efficacy of RTMS augmentation in depression with inadequate response to antidepressant(s). Method: The study was a randomized, double blind, SHAM controlled trial of 3 week duration with 3 week follow up period. 29 Major depression patients were randomly assigned to receive 18 sessions of real TMS (14 patients) or SHAM TMS (15 patients) of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex as adjuvant treatment to pharmacotherapy. The main stimulation parameters were low frequency (1hz) RTMS with 60 pulses/train in 20 trains at 100% ofthe resting motor threshold over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Blinded external evaluators administered the montgomery asberg depression rating scale. Statistical analysis used were fisher exact test and unpaired t test. Results: Low frequency rtms showed significant improvement in the true rtms group starting from second week onwards. Improvement was also sustained at 3 week followup. Response rate was significantly higher in true rtms group as compared to sham rtms group; 85.7% In true rtms and 13.3% In sham group (p<0.0001). Headache was the only side effect that was observed in both the groups. Conclusion: Low frequency RTMS over right DLFPC is better than sham rtms in patients of depression.
Tic Disorders and Comorbidity: Approaches to Treatment Refractory Cases with Tourette's Syndrome$$$ Tourette's syndrome (TS) is a complex neurodevelopmental disorder marked by both motor and phonic tics over a period of at least 1 year with the onset in childhood or adolescence. Although symptoms usually decline by adulthood, a significant number of patients fail to respond conventional medical and behavior treatments. Most of the patients with TS have associated psychiatric comorbidities which may have a role of apparent refractoriness. First, concomitant psychiatric comorbidities, the current definitions and clinical characteristics of treatment refractory TS will be presented. Then, the strategies for the management of treatment refractory TS, potential new treatments such as transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), deep brain simulation (DBS) and novel pharmacological treatments will be discussed. Finally, two cases of treatment refractory TS and their follow-up period will be presented. Comorbidities A recent cross-sectional study of over 1000 TS patients found that 86% of all patients had at least one psychiatric disorder, and 58% had 2 or more psychiatric disorders (Hirschtritt et al., 2015). Psychiatric comorbidities contribute essentially to functioning and to limit treatment response in TS, and might also increase the likelihood of receiving medical therapy for tics. ADHD is the most common comorbidity in the TS patients, ranging between 60 and 80 %, is the leading factor affecting disruptive behavior in TS (Kumar, Trescher, & Byler, 2016). ADHD symptoms precede the onset of tics by 2-3 years and begin around the age of 3-5 years. The hyperactive subtype is predominant in the younger patients, whereas inattentive type is more common in adolescents. Untreated ADHD may also complicate therapeutic interventions such as habit reversal therapy (HRT), making them less effective. The prevalence of OCD ranges from 11 to 80 % of patients with TS. The clinical presentation of OCD symptoms in TS patients can be different than the typical presentation of patients with primary OCD. TS patients are found to have greater rates of symmetric obsession, obsessional counting, and just right perception, however primary OCD patients reported higher rates of cleaning rituals, compulsive washing, and fears of contaminations. Malignant TS, which has life threatening symptoms or requires hospitalization, is found strongly associated with the presence of OCD or obsessive-compulsive behaviors. In fact, OCD may contribute more to tic severity than other comorbid conditions (Kious, Jimenez-Shahed, & Shprecher, 2016). There has been a significantly increased prevalence of impulse control disorder (especially intermittent explosive disorder) in TS patients. Depressive symptoms also found to present thirteen to seventy-six percent in TS. Depression has been shown to be associated with social stigma such as bullying, teasing, and receiving derogatory nicknames in TS children. Twelve to sixty-two percent of patients with TS reported to have various sleep problems such as nightmares, night terrors, somnambulism, trouble initiating sleep, and restlessness (Kumar et al., 2016). There are no reliable estimates regarding treatmentrefractory, and there is little known about the mechanisms that promote refractoriness. Greater tic severity in childhood and early fine motor deficits predicts tic persistence in adulthood. Reductions in total caudate volume in childhood found to be correlated with tic severity in early adulthood. Definitions and clinical characteristics of treatment refractory TS It is crucial to carefully assess the adequacy of treatment trials and the reasons they appear to have failed before declaring a patient to be treatment-refractory. This reasons could be incorrect diagnosis, insufficient doses, side effects, inaccessibility to available therapies (including expert psychiatric care and behavioral therapy). TS should be considered truly treatment-refractory if multiple, well-established interventions, including psychotherapy, fail to produce sufficient treatment response either alone or in combination, and there has been adequate control of comorbid psychiatric conditions. The most recent and detailed definitions of treatmentrefractory TS have been suggested through guidelines for the selection of patients for DBS: a DSM-5 diagnosis of TS, involvement of ethics committee for cases younger than age 18 years, tics as the major source of disability, with YGTSS total tic severity upper than 35/50, video documentation of movements, failure of conventional therapies (medications from 3 pharmacologic classes), and a trial of CBIT if feasible. Additionally, appropriate documentation and treatment of psychiatric comorbidities, stable medical condition and psychosocial status, and the absence of suicidal or homicidal ideation for 6 months are also recommended. Management of treatment refractory TS: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) rTMS is non-invasive, safe and well-tolerated neuromodulation technique, has been utilized in a variety of psychiatric and neurologic disorder. An average reduction of YGTSS scores of 34% and improvement of comorbid conditions are demonstrated in two open-label trials of rTMS. A recent study in adults had less encouraging results which reported a trial of deep rTMS in 10 adult patients with TS with or without OCD. Subjects tolerated the intervention well, but there was also no significant reduction in tic severity, except in the subgroup of patients with comorbid OCD. Recently a randomized controlled study could not find significant difference in the reduction of YGTSS scores between the rTMS group and sham. Larger, well-controlled trials of rTMS are needed to identify the optimal stimulation parameters and paradigms. Additional clinical trials are currently under way to address this need, as listed in the US clinical trials database (www.clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02356003, NCT00965211). Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) DBS is emerging as a treatment option for medically intractable patients. Due to its invasive nature and the possibility of remission or significant symptomatic improvement in TS with age, especially children and adolescent patients must be carefully selected. On the other hand, adolescence is a crucial time period, which identity formulation, psychosocial and academic development both occur. The chance for greater symptom control via DBS during this time might also would result with better psychosocial outcomes in these severe cases. In a recent meta-analysis, including 156 cases from 57 eligible studies, DBS resulted in a significant improvement of 52.68% (IQR = 40.74, p < 0.001) in the YGTSS. Analysis of controlled studies significantly changed stimulation versus off stimulation with a standardized mean difference of 0.96 (95% CI: 0.36- 1.56). Different target points revealed significant YGTSS reductions after stimulation of the thalamus, the posteroventrolateral part and the anteromedial part of the globus pallidus internus, the anterior limb of the internal capsule and nucleus accumbens (Baldermann et al., 2016). There is limited data about the longterm efficacy of DBS for refractory TS, but existing reports are mainly positive. It was found that patients continued to demonstrate reductions in tic severity and obsessive-compulsive behaviors, and required less medication for TS and for psychiatric comorbidities. Adverse effects can be limited the use of DBT and can be divided into three categories, which are surgical, stimulation-related, or hardware-related. Reduction in energy levels, psychosis, hypomania and anxiety was reported as psychiatric symptoms. It is also suggested that patients with TS may be at increased risk of post-surgical infection due to compulsive touching or picking of the wound or scar. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) ECT is shown to be effective and less invasive neuromodulation technique for treatmentrefractory TS. Several case reports have subsequently been published with positive results (Kious et al., 2016). There are no controlled studies involving ECT for TS, and few reports involving TS that has not concomitant comorbid psychiatric illness. ECT should be considered for TS primarily in emergency situations (e.g., severe self-injurious behavior), or when there are comorbid psychiatric conditions that ECT is also effective. Novel Pharmacotherapies Newer treatments for TS with a growing evidence-base include anticonvulsant agents (Topiramate), vesicular monoamine transporter inhibitors (Tetrabenazine), glutamatergic agents including D-serine, riluzole, nacetylcysteine (NAC), and acamprosate (Kious et al., 2016). Cases Two treatment resistant TS cases (16 years old girl and 10 years old boy) and their follow up period (including DBS) will be presented and discussed.
Remifentanil in electroconvulsive therapy: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ In electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), remifentanil is often used concurrently with anesthetics. The objective of this study was to provide an up-to-date and comprehensive review on how the addition of remifentanil to anesthetics affects seizure duration and circulatory dynamics in mECT. We performed a meta-analysis of RCTs that investigated seizure duration and circulatory dynamics in patients treated with ECT using anesthetics alone (non-remifentanil group) and with anesthetics plus remifentanil (remifentanil group). A total of 13 RCTs (380 patients and 1024 ECT sessions) were included. The remifentanil group showed a significantly prolonged seizure duration during ECT compared to the non-remifentanil group [motor: 9 studies, SMD = 1.25, 95 % CI (0.21, 2.29), p = 0.02; electroencephalogram: 8 studies, SMD = 0.98, 95 % CI (0.14, 1.82), p = 0.02]. The maximum systolic blood pressure (SBP) was significantly reduced in the remifentanil group compared to the non-remifentanil group [7 studies, SMD = −0.36, 95 % CI (−0.65, 0.07), p = 0.02]. Substantial heterogeneity was observed for meta-analyses for seizure durations, but a pre-planned subgroup analysis revealed that seizure duration was prolonged only when the use of the anesthetic dose was reduced in the remifentanil group. The results of our study suggest that addition of remifentanil to anesthesia in ECT may lead to prolonged seizure duration when it allows the use of reduced anesthetic doses. Further, the addition of remifentanil was associated with reduced maximum SBP.
tDCS for the treatment of depression: a comprehensive review$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been investigated for the treatment of major depressive disorders in recent years. Here, we review the implications of current research for the clinical use of tDCS in the treatment of major depressive disorder. Meta-analyses, randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials, open-label trials, case reports and review articles were identified through a systematic search of the literature database of the National Institutes of Health (USA). Available articles were evaluated with regard to their clinical relevance. Results of tDCS efficacy are inconsistent due to the small sample sizes, the heterogeneous patient samples and the partially high treatment resistance in some studies. Overall, tDCS has very low side effects. Meta-analyses suggest some efficacy of tDCS in the treatment of acute depressive disorder with moderate effect size, and low efficacy in treatment-resistant depression. A general statement about the efficacy of tDCS as a therapeutic tool in major depression seems to be premature. tDCS is considered as a safe therapeutic option and is associated with only minor side effects. The effectiveness of tDCS decreases with resistance to treatment. Psychotropic drugs may attenuate or amplify its effects. The use of 2 mA current strength over 20 min per day over a short time span can be considered as safe.
Differences in Cognitive Outcomes after ECT Depending on BDNF and COMT Polymorphisms$$$ Objective The study aimed to explore cognitive outcomes after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) depending on which version of common single nucleotide polymorphisms the patient expressed for brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and catechol-O-methyltransferase (COMT). Methods A total of 87 patients from the clinical ECT service in Aberdeen, Scotland, were included in the study. Cognitive function testing (using Spatial Recognition Memory task from the Cambridge Neuropsychological Test Automated Battery and Mini-Mental State Examination) and mood ratings (Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale) were performed before ECT, after 4 treatments, at the end of ECT and 1 and 3 months after the end of treatment. These scores were compared depending on BDNF and COMT variant at each time point using the Student t test and using a time series generalized least squares random effects model. Results No differences were found between the val and met versions of the BDNF or COMT polymorphism in either cognitive or mood outcomes at any time point during ECT treatment or up to 3 months of follow-up. Conclusions This study did not detect significant differences in cognitive or mood outcomes between patients who have the val66val or met versions of the BDNF polymorphism. Our results suggest that these polymorphisms will not be helpful in clinical practice for predicting cognitive outcomes after ECT.
Health Related Quality of Life after ECT for depression: A study exploring the role of different electrode-placements and pulse-widths$$$ Introduction Prior research has shown large improvements in HRQOL after a course of ECT for depression. However, the effect of different types of ECT on HRQOL outcomes has not been explored. This is important due to the considerable range of ECT treatment modalities that currently exist in clinical practice. Methods HRQOL data from 355 depressed patients in three Australian clinical hospitals, who received ECT given with a range of treatment modalities (combinations of pulse-width and electrode-placement), were analysed. HRQOL was measured at baseline and after ECT, using the Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire-Short Form (Q-LES-Q-SF). The association between type of ECT and HRQOL after ECT was examined by regression analysis, controlling for variables that may affect HRQOL outcomes. Results There was a significant increase in HRQOL scores after ECT (p<0.0001; t=−23.4). The magnitude of change was large (54% increase, Cohen's d=1.43). Multiple regression analysis yielded a significant model (P<0.001, R2=0.18). Baseline HRQOL score (t=4.83; p<0.0001), age (t=2.75, p<0.01) and type of ECT received [Right Unilateral brief vs Bitemporal Ultrabrief (t=−2.99; p<0.01) and Right Unilateral brief vs Bifrontal Ultrabrief (t=−2.70; p<0.01)] were significant predictors of HRQOL after the ECT course. Limitations Data was collected naturalistically from clinical services, thus ECT modality was not randomly assigned. Site could have confounded results. Conclusions An acute course of ECT for depression produced statistically and clinically significant improvements in HRQOL. ECT treatment modality can substantially impact HRQOL outcomes, with the possibility of bilateral ultrabrief forms of ECT being less beneficial.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on psychomotor retardation in major depression: A pilot feasibility study$$$ This pilot study investigated the feasibility of a comprehensive battery of tests assessing psychomotor retardation after a 3-week protocol of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression. In addition to the beneficial effect of this treatment on depression, the results showed positive changes in psychomotor retardation.
The direction of the postural response to a vestibular perturbation is mediated by the cerebellar vermis$$$ When an electrical stimulus is applied to perturb the vestibular system, a postural response is generated orthogonal to head orientation. It has previously been shown that there is a convergence of neck proprioceptive and vestibular input within the cerebellum to provide a head-on-body reference frame (Manzoni et al. in Neuroscience 93:1095–1107, 1999). The objective of this experiment was to determine whether the direction of the postural response to a vestibular perturbation is modulated when function of the cerebellar vermis is temporarily depressed. Twenty participants were randomly assigned to a SHAM group (paired-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation) or a TEST group (continuous theta burst stimulation). Stochastic vestibular stimulation (SVS) was applied to standing subjects with their head facing forward or over their left shoulder. Cumulant density traces were established between the SVS and shear force over 180°, and the peak amplitude determined the direction of sway. There were no significant changes in sway direction when the head was facing forward for either stimulation (TEST or SHAM; p = 0.889) or when the head was facing over the shoulder for the SHAM condition (p = 0.954). There was, however, a significant change in sway direction when the head was turned with a depressed cerebellum (p = 0.018); from the expected antero-posterior direction, orthogonal to head orientation, to one slightly more mediolateral with respect to the feet. These results suggest the cerebellum plays a role in the integration of input to generate an appropriately directed postural response relative to the head position.
Depression in heart failure: Intricate relationship, pathophysiology and most updated evidence of interventions from recent clinical studies$$$ Heart failure (HF) is a burgeoning chronic health condition affecting more than 20 million people worldwide. Patients with HF have a significant (17.1%) 30-day readmission rate, which invites substantial penalty in payment to hospitals from Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, as per the newly introduced Hospital Readmissions Reduction Program. Depression is one of the important risk factors for readmission in HF patients. It has a significant prevalence in patients with HF and contributes to the overall poor quality of life in them. Several behavioral (smoking, obesity, lack of exercise and medication noncompliance) and pathophysiological factors (hypercortisolism, elevated inflammatory biomarkers, fibrinogen, and atherosclerosis) have been found responsible for the adverse outcome in patients with HF and concomitant depression. Hippocampal volume loss noted in patients with acute HF exacerbations may contribute to the development of depressive symptoms in them. Screening for depression in HF patients continues to be challenging due to a considerable overlap in symptoms. Published trials on the use of antidepressants and cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) have shown variable outcomes. Newer modalities like internet-based CBT have been tried in small studies, with promising results. A recent meta-analysis observed the beneficial role of aerobic exercise training in patients with HFrEF. Future long-term prospective studies may contribute to the formulation of a detailed screening and management guideline for patients with HF and depression. Our review is aimed to summarize the intricate relationship between depression and heart failure, with respect to their epidemiology, pathophysiological aspects, and optimal management approach.
Treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: Insights from an open trial of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to design a RCT$$$ The present study collected preliminary data testing the hypothesis that a lengthy transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) protocol reduces obsessive-compulsive disorder symptoms and strengthens executive control. Five patients presenting with treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder (TR-OCD) underwent neurocognitive and clinical testing prior to (baseline assessment) and after completing three weeks of tDCS (post-treatment evaluation). Four TR-OCD patients participated in 15 daily tDCS sessions during the three-week trial. One patient participated in 13 sessions. Scalp electrodes were situated using the standard montage for DLPFC stimulation: anode over left DLPFC (F3) and cathode over right frontopolar region (Fp2). We gained significant insights with this extensive testing: (1) TR-OCD patients demonstrated significant OCD symptom reduction following the course of tDCS; however, gains were not maintained at 1-month follow-up; (2) there were changes in depressive and schizotypal (positive) symptoms following three weeks of tDCS; however, baseline/post-treatment differences did not reach significance; (3) TR-OCD patients significantly lowered their daily ratings of depressive and generalized anxiety symptoms; (4) TR-OCD patients obtained a significant and specific improvement in Trail Making Test-part B (TMT-B) performance; and (5) there was a significant and robust correlation between TMT-B improvement and OCD symptom reduction. Although practice and placebo effects cannot be ruled out, the specific effects found in the study support further testing in a randomized controlled trial. Our results provide data to design further randomized clinical trials as to test whether and how tDCS induces a relevant clinical benefit in OCD. We discuss important design considerations for such a trial.
Systematic review of randomized controlled trials of candidate treatments for cognitive impairment in depression and methodological challenges in the field$$$ Cognitive impairment is a core feature of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) but treatments targeting cognition are lacking. Numerous pre-clinical and clinical studies have investigated potential cognition treatments, but overall the evidence is conflicting. We conducted a systematic search following the PRISMA guidelines on PubMed and PsychInfo to evaluate the extant evidence and methodological challenges in randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of biological, psychological and behavioural candidate treatments targeting cognition in MDD. Inclusion criteria were RCTs with a placebo control assessing potential pro-cognitive effects of candidate treatments in MDD. Two independent authors reviewed the studies and assessed their risk of bias with the Cochrane Collaborations Risk of Bias tool. Twenty-eight eligible studies (24 biological and four psychological or behavioural studies) were identified. Cognition was the primary treatment target in ten (36%) trials and an additional treatment outcome together with mood symptoms in 18 (64%) trials. The risk of bias was high or unclear in 93% of trials due to potential selective outcome reporting or ‘pseudospecificity’ (unspecific cognitive improvement due to reduced depression severity), and/or insufficient details on how the allocation sequence was generated or how blinding was maintained. Several promising treatments were identified, including vortioxetine, erythropoietin, transcranial direct current stimulation and cognitive remediation. However, several common methodological challenges may impede advances in the field. In particular, future trials should select one cognitive composite score as primary outcome, screen for cognitive impairment before inclusion of participants and address ‘pseudospecificity’ issues. Together, these strategies may improve the success of future cognition trials in MDD.
Contralesional Cathodal versus Dual Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation for Decreasing Upper Limb Spasticity in Chronic Stroke Individuals: A Clinical and Neurophysiological Study$$$ Background Different transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) paradigms have been implemented to treat poststroke spasticity, but discordant results have been reported. Objective This study aimed to determine the efficacy and persistence of dual tDCS (anode over affected motor cortex [M1] and cathode over contralateral M1) compared with cathodal tDCS (cathode over contralateral M1) on upper limb (UL) functional, behavioral, and neurophysiological measures in chronic poststroke individuals. Subjects and Methods Ten subjects with UL spasticity (7 men; mean 62 years; 8 ischemic stroke; years from event: 2.3 years) were enrolled in a cross-over, double-blinded study. Cathodal and dual tDCS, both preceded by 1 week of sham stimulation 1 month before real stimulation, were applied with 3 months interval. Stimulating paradigm was 20 minutes for five consecutive days in each block. Evaluations were performed before (T1), after real or sham treatment (T2), and after 1 (T3), 4 (T4), and 8 weeks (T5). Functional, behavioral, and neurophysiological tests were performed at each time. Results Both tDCS paradigms decreased spasticity, increased strength, and ameliorated behavioral scales. Cathodal tDCS was superior to dual tDCS in reducing UL distal spasticity immediately after treatment (T2: cathodal > dual: P = .023) and provided a higher and longer lasting reduction at proximal districts (T3: cathodal > dual: P = .042; T4: cathodal > dual: P = .028; T5: cathodal > dual: P = .05). These findings are supported by an H-reflex modulation (overall time effect P > .002). Conclusions Cathodal tDCS is slightly more effective than dual tDCS in reducing distal UL spasticity in chronic poststroke subjects. A modulation of spinal inhibitory mechanisms, demonstrated by H-reflex modifications, supports this finding.
Treatment-Resistant Depression in the Elderly: Diagnostic and Treatment Approaches$$$ Depression is a common illness in the geriatric primary care population. Risk factors including serious medical illness and functional disability, as well as neurodegeneration and cardiovascular risk factors, can make treatment particularly difficult in late-life depression. There is a paucity of well-validated evidence to guide the geriatric clinician’s diagnosis and management of treatment-resistant late-life depression (TRLLD). In this article, I provide clinical recommendations for the evaluation and diagnosis of late-life depression appropriate for the geriatric primary care provider. With an accurate diagnosis, the geriatric physician can better construct a treatment plan. I will review evidence-based treatment approaches for TRLLD including antidepressant medications, augmentation strategies, psychotherapy options, and neuromodulation techniques.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for obsessive–compulsive disorder: A randomized, controlled, partial crossover trial$$$ Background: Presupplementary motor area (pre-SMA) hyperactivity has been detected in obsessive–compulsive disorder (OCD) patients. However, it is not understood whether this is a putative primary cause or a compensatory mechanism in OCD pathophysiology. Considering the polarity-dependent effects on cortical excitability of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), we applied cathodal and/or anodal tDCS to the pre-SMA of OCD patients to test which current polarity might better improve symptoms. Methods: Twelve OCD patients received initially 10 anodal (n = 6) or cathodal (n = 6) daily consecutive 2 mA/20 min tDCS sessions with the active electrode placed bilaterally on the pre-SMA. In case of improvement or no change in symptoms severity, the subjects were maintained on the same current polarity for 10 more sessions. In case of symptoms worsening after the first 10 sessions they were switched to the other polarity for 10 more sessions to test the hypothesis of a polarity-dependent effect. Therefore, each subject received 20 tDCS sessions. The Yale-Brown Obsessive–Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) and the Sheehan Disability Scale (SDS) were administered biweekly to assess changes in symptoms severity. Results: After 10 sessions, 50% of patients who initially received anodal stimulation were switched to cathodal, while 100% of patients initially assigned to cathodal stimulation continued on the same polarity. At the end of the study, a statistically significant decrease was observed in the mean Y-BOCS scores of those patients who underwent cathodal tDCS. No pre–post difference was found in the scores of patients following anodal tDCS. Conclusions: Cathodal but not anodal tDCS over the pre-SMA significantly improved OCD symptoms.
Neuromodulation Treatments for Geriatric Mood and Cognitive Disorders$$$ There is increasing evidence for the efficacy of neuromodulation in the treatment of resistant mood disorders and emerging data supporting the use of neuromodulation in cognitive disorders. A significant minority of depressed elders do not respond to pharmacotherapy and/or psychotherapy. This has led clinicians to recommend the increasing use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of medication-resistant or life-threatening geriatric depression. Multiple studies have supported the safety and efficacy of ECT in the elderly, yet ECT is associated with side effects including cardiovascular and cognitive side effects. Neuromodulation therapies have the potential for providing effective treatment for treatment-resistant older adults with reduced side effects and this review will outline the risks and benefits of neuromodulation treatment in geriatric psychiatry. There is also emerging evidence of the efficacy of neuromodulation devices in the treatment of cognitive disorders. Pharmacotherapy has been largely ineffective in changing the course of neurodegenerative diseases causing dementia and other treatments are clearly needed. This review will outline the available evidence for neuromodulation in the treatment of mood and cognitive disorders in the elderly.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Depression Due to Cerebrovascular Disease: A Systematic Review$$$ Objective This study aims to perform a systematic review evaluating the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in improving depression resulting from cerebrovascular disease including vascular depression (VD) and poststroke depression (PSD). Methods A literature search of multiple scientific databases was conducted for English studies published from January 1980 to June 2016. Studies were included if the sample consisted of 50% or more adult humans with VD or PSD and had 3 or more subjects, the intervention applied was rTMS, and depression was assessed pre- and post intervention using a formal outcome measure. Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were assessed for methodological quality using the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) tool. A level of evidence was assigned to each study according to the modified Sackett Scale. Results Five studies met the inclusion criteria including 3 RCTs (level 1b; PEDro range: 6-8) and 2 uncontrolled pre–post studies (level 4). There were 186 participants with either PSD (n = 40) or VD (n = 146); the majority of the participants were female (52.7%) and had a mean age ranging from 51.9 to 67.9 years. There were no adverse effects reported by any of the studies. Using clinically accepted criteria for the response rate, all studies reported a benefit from rTMS for the treatment of depression. Three studies also demonstrated a benefit on remission rates as well. Conclusions rTMS was reported to be beneficial in treating depression among individuals with cerebrovascular disease over the short term. However, heterogeneous populations and variability in study design and protocol, as well as a limited number of studies to review, challenge the ability to form conclusions as to the effectiveness of rTMS.
Electroconvulsive therapy modulates neural response to emotional faces in depressed patients: A randomized controlled fMRI study$$$ Background: Negative bias in the neurocognitive response to emotional information is a core feature of major depressive disorder (MDD) that is associated with depression severity and risk of relapse. Emerging evidence suggests that reversal of negative bias is a common mechanism for pharmacological and psychological treatments for depression. This study aimed to investigate with functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) whether electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) modulates neural and cognitive processing of emotional information in MDD. Methods: Twenty-nine MDD patients were randomized to receive one active or a sham ECT session at the beginning of their ECT course in a double-blind, between-groups design. The following day, patients underwent whole-brain fMRI at 3T during which time they viewed emotional faces and were given facial expression recognition and faces dot-probe tasks after the scan. Mood symptoms were assessed at baseline, on day 1 and after six ECT sessions. Results: Data was lost for two patients (sham) and analyses therefore included 27 patients (ECT: N = 15, sham: N = 12). Electroconvulsive therapy reduced parahippocampal activity, increased superior frontal activity to fearful vs. happy faces and enhanced fear-specific functional connectivity between the amygdala and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC), orbitofrontal and occipito-temporal regions. Across the entire cohort, stronger fear-specific amygdala-occipital coupling was associated with lower fear vigilance. Greater fear-specific amygdala-dlPFC coupling correlated with better subsequent clinical response. These effects occurred in the absence of differences between groups in cognitive performance, mood symptoms or medication. Conclusions: This exploratory study shows for that first time that ECT modulates neural response to emotional information. The findings suggest that early positive shift in neural response to emotional information may be a common mechanism of distinct treatments for MDD.
Using diffusion tensor imaging to effectively target TMS to deep brain structures$$$ Background: TMS has become a powerful tool to explore cortical function, and in parallel has proven promising in the development of therapies for various psychiatric and neurological disorders. Used in conjunction with brain imaging, precise methods of targeting have been developed which greatly increase the effect of TMS on neural processing. Unfortunately, the direct effects of TMS have been limited to 2-3 centimeters beneath the scalp with conventional stimulation coils, while other research such as deep brain stimulation has indicated that modulation of much deeper regions may be highly efficacious in treating psychiatric disorders. In this study, we sought to develop a novel paradigm to individualize TMS coil placement to noninvasively achieve activation of a specific deep brain target: Brodmann Area 25 (BA25), which has been implicated as an important node in the neurocircuitry of depression. Methods: Demonstrating that diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) tractography could be used to guide trans-synaptic activation of a deep brain target such as BA25 with cortical TMS required two separate MRI sessions after initial screening and consenting of 10 healthy adult participants. In the first MRI session, structural, functional, and DTI data sets were acquired. A noninvasively accessible cortical TMS target was then determined from analysis of the diffusion and anatomical imaging data. Using DTI, a target in the right frontal pole that demonstrated both anatomic and functional connectivity to right BA25 was found in each subject. The individual stimulation sites fell within a 5 cm diameter area on the forehead centered on those coordinates, with a mean distance from center of 10.1 +/-8.1 mm. In the second session, interleaved TMS/fMRI was performed using this target, measuring BOLD signal changes during application of single-pulse TMS at the diffusion tractography determined stimulation site. This was done in the scanner using a series of single TMS pulses applied to the right frontal pole. Pulses of four intensity levels-80%, 100%, 120%, and 140% of motor threshold-were delivered in a random and counterbalanced order. Results: In nine of ten subjects, TMS to the individualized frontal pole sites resulted in significant BOLD activation of BA25, and this activation increased with TMS intensity. ROI analyses were performed for the contrasts of 100%, 120%, and 140% conditions with the 80% baseline at four locations: the deep target right BA25 and its contralateral homologue, and the right frontal pole region that contained the TMS stimulation site, and a dorsal prefrontal cortical site that did not show connectivity with the seeded region. The deep target region in right hemisphere BA25 showed activation in the ROI for both supra-threshold stimulation levels (120% and 140%) relative to 80% that survived cluster correction for multiple comparisons (z-score threshold z41.65 and cluster significance p<0.05), showing an increase in activation in our BA25 centered region of interest. A smaller cluster in the corresponding left hemisphere BA25 ROI was also significantly activated at the 120%-80% contrast, with a cluster size of 6 voxels and a maximum z-score of 2.6. No significant activations were seen in the control ROI. A similar result was found when comparing the ROIs in contrasts of the 80%, 100%, 120% and 140% TMS levels from rest. Increasing TMS intensity produced increased activation in the BA25 target ROI. The inverse was true beneath the stimulation site, where significant deactivation was seen that increased with TMS intensity. Beyond a group level analysis, we sought to confirm the stimulus intensity dependence of activation in our deep brain target within individual subjects. To achieve this, a multivariate covariance analysis was performed to test for a monotonically increasing activation resulting from stimulation at increasing (80%, 120%, and 140%) TMS intensities. A statistically significant pattern which included right BA25 was found (po.03 using permutation testing) based on the first three principal components in which 9 out of the 10 subjects showed monotonic increases in expression of the network. Conclusions: In the present study DTI tractography beginning in a brain region too deep for effective direct TMS was used to find transsynaptically connected superficial cortical site that could be effectively stimulated. Then using interleaved fMRI/TMS, it was demonstrated that DTI-guided TMS could activate the deep target, and could do so in a dosage dependent manner. The present results suggest a new technique for brain stimulation technology that has all three of the following features: it is (1) noninvasive, (2) targetspecific and (3) deep, providing a means of studying brainbehavior relationships of brain networks that involve deep targets that were previously thought to be beyond reach. The successful activation of BA25 in a dosage-dependent manner represents an initial step towards using tractography-guided TMS to noninvasively target areas for therapy and for research no matter where they are situated in the brain.
Neurocognitive effects of combined electroconvulsive therapy and venlafaxine in elderly adults with major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder is a chronic neuropsychiatric disease that results in significant health consequences. The rate of MDD in elderly adults has been steadily increasing and unfortunately results in cognitive difficulties, debilitation, morbidity, and mortality. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and effective antidepressant treatment for MDD, particularly in elderly adults. When combined with pharmacotherapy, ECT may produce greater antidepressant benefits. Also, while ECT is associated with neurocognitive adverse effects, ECT parameters such as right unilateral (RUL) electrode configuration ultrabrief pulse width (UB) help to minimize the impact on cognitive functions. However, there is limited information regarding the neurocognitive effects of combined pharmacotherapy and ECT, particularly with newer parameters, in geriatric depression. Thus, the purpose of this study was to determine the neurocognitive effects of an acute course of right RULUB ECT combined with venlafaxine in elderly adults with MDD. Methods: The Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study was a two-phase, multicenter, randomized study of an individualized continuation ECT schedule combined with pharmacotherapy to enhance long-term outcomes in elderly adults with depression. The study design involved two phases. In Phase 1, patients received acute ECT 3x weekly combined with VLF. In the randomized phase (Phase 2), those who remitted in Phase 1 were randomized to receive pharmacotherapy (VLF and lithium) alone or the combined modalities (pharmacotherapy and continuation ECT). Elderly adults (age 4 60) with major depressive disorder, based on the SCID-I or MINI, were recruited and enrolled in the study. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. Patients discontinued psychotropic medications within 1-week of starting Phase 1. ECT was provided 3x per week and procedures were standardized as follows: RUL electrode placement using a Somatics Thymatron System IV (Somatics, LLC, Lake Bluff, IL) with an ultrabrief pulse width of 0.25ms and current of 0.89Amps or a MECTA SPECTRUM (MECTA Corporation, Portland, OR) device with an ultrabrief pulse width of 0.3ms and current of 0.8Amps. Dose titration to determine seizure threshold was conducted at the first ECT session. Subsequent treatments were administered at 6x the seizure threshold. Multiple cognitive domains including attention and processing speed, verbal fluency, verbal learning and memory, autobiographical memory consistency, and executive function were assessed with a neurocognitive battery. Specific neurocognitive instruments included the Autobiographical Memory Interview-Short Form (AMI-SF), California Verbal Learning and Memory Test-II (CVLT-II), Delis-Kaplan Executive Function System (DKEFS) Verbal Fluency Test, Dementia Rating Scale-2nd Edition Initiation Perseveration Index (DRS-2 IP), Stroop Color and Word Test, and Trail Making Test Parts A and B (TMT A and B). The neurocognitive battery was administered at baseline and then within 72 hours following the last ECT session. Descriptive statistics were used to describe the sociodemographic and clinical characteristics of the study population. Means and standard deviations are presented for continuous variables, and frequency distributions are presented for discrete variables. Paired t tests were computed to determine there was a significant change in neurocognitive measure performance from baseline to end and corresponding 95% confidence intervals were calculated for the difference in means between baseline and end. Statistical significance was defined as a two-sided p-value of less than 0.05. Results: Changes in performance were statistically significantly lower from baseline to end on neuropsychological measures of psychomotor (p<0.0001) and verbal (p = 0.0002) processing speed, autobiographical memory consistency (p<0.0001), short-term verbal recall (p = 0.001) and recognition (p = 0.0006) of learned words, phonemic fluency (p<0.0001), inhibition (p = 0.05), and complex visual scanning and cognitive flexibility (p = 0.0004). However, in terms of qualitative changes from baseline to end, performance across most neurocognitive measures remained relatively stable and ranged from intact/average to mildly impaired. Conclusions: This is the first study to characterize the neurocognitive effects of combined RUL-UB ECT and venlafaxine in elderly adults with MDD. While changes in performance on some neuropsychological measures were statistically significant, the majority of neuropsychological indices remained stable. Indeed, only autobiographical memory consistency, phonemic fluency, and complex visual scanning and cognitive flexibility qualitatively decreased from low average to mildly impaired. These findings are consistent with prior research and provide new evidence for the relative neurocognitive advantage of RUL-UB ECT parameters. Future research is warranted to confirm the neurocognitive effects of combined ECT and psychotropic medications, and to determine the association with underlying neural mechanism, and clinical and functional outcomes.
Motor cortical excitability as a biological predictor and mediator of depression improvement$$$ Background: Motor cortical excitability (MCE) is a noninvasive technique that uses single and paired transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) pulses to indirectly index the activity of brain GABA and Glutamate. Previous findings showed that major depressive disorder (MDD) patients present deficits in GABAergic activity as well as, for some forms of depression, Glutamatergic activity. We hereby explored the role of MCE as a predictor and mediator (correlate) of depression improvement in a subsample of the ongoing double-blinded trial titled “Escitalopram vs. Electric Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study (ELECT-TDCS)”. Methods: Eighty-five depressed patients, who were antidepressant-free and moderately depressed at baseline, were randomized to receive bifrontal tDCS (n = 31), 10mg/d escitalopram (n = 37) or sham tDCS/placebo (n = 17). MCE measures were collected in both hemispheres at baseline and after 3 weeks of treatment and included Cortical Silent Period (CSP), Intracortical Inhibition (ICI), and Intracortical Facilitation (ICF), which are indexes of GABAB, GABAA and Glutamate receptor-mediated activity. Change in depression severity was evaluated using the Hamilton scale (HDRS). Results: There were no differences between left and right MCE measures at baseline and at week 3. After controlling for age and gender, depression improvement was significantly associated with ICI and ICF measures in the right hemisphere at baseline (F = 5.96, p<0.01 and F = 6.42, p<0.01, respectively), with lower ICI values (increased inhibition) and lower ICF (decreased facilitation) values predicting improvement. Moreover, an increase in right ICF during the trial was also associated with greater depression improvement (F = 3.98, p = 0.049). In patients receiving escitalopram, lower ICF and lower CSP values in the right hemisphere at baseline were associated with greater response (pso0.05). For patients receiving tDCS, there was a trend to lower ICF and lower ICI values in the right hemisphere at baseline to be associated with greater response (ps = 0.06). Finally, no association between MCE measures and depression improvement was observed in the placebo group. Conclusions: MCE measures of the right but not left hemisphere were associated with depression improvement. Decreased inhibition and increased facilitation at baseline-a pattern observed in MDD patients-was associated with overall non-response. Moreover, an increase of ICF (i.e., of glutamatergic activity) between baseline and week 3 predicted clinical response. Moreover, only CSP (indicative of GABAB activity) predicted escitalopram response. These findings indicate that MCE measures at baseline can predict depression improvement and suggest that changes in glutamatergic activity are associated with improvement of depressive symptoms.
Cognitive behavioral therapy to sustain the antidepressant effects of ketamine$$$ Background: Ketamine has been shown to be a rapid and robust antidepressant, though effects of a single treatment are short-lived. Repeated infusions may prolong the effect somewhat, but worrisome cognitive effects of repeated exposure in rodents and substance abusers give pause to indefinite treatment. Thus, there is a great need to identify alternative augmentation/maintenance strategies capable of sustaining the ketamine's rapid antidepressant effects. Ketamine has also been noted to enhance learning and memory within a 24-hr window following administration in humans and rodents, suggesting the drug may create a window of enhanced plasticity. Cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is an effective treatment to augment classic antidepressant medications and is highly effective in relapse prevention. In a sense, the goals of CBT are to re-learn nonpathologic thought patterns and core beliefs, leading us to speculate that patients may be particularly able to engage in CBT in the period following ketamine exposure. This pilot study aims to explore the efficacy and feasibility of combining cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) and intravenous ketamine infusions for treatment-resistant depression. Our hypothesis is that the state of neural hyperplasticity induced by ketamine infusions provides an opportune period for the therapeutic aims of CBT, namely extinction and modification of negative core beliefs. Methods: Eighteen subjects with a Major Depressive Episode will be recruited to undergo a brief course of 4 intravenous infusions of ketamine, given twice weekly for two weeks. Concurrent with ketamine, they will receive CBT twice weekly for two weeks, then weekly for the following 8 weeks (12 total sessions in 10 weeks). Efficacy will be assessed using measures of sustained response (450% decrease in Montgomery-Asberg Depressive Rating Scale [MADRS]) for 8 weeks following the last infusion. Among responders, relapse is defined as o50% improvement on the MADRS scale compared to baseline for two concurrent visits. As a measure of target engagement (i.e., that ketamine renders subjects better able to engage in CBT), cognition will be assessed (within-subject comparison) pre-and 24-hours post-ketamine. Results: To date, 16 subjects have enrolled and initiated or completed the protocol with a mean age of 42.2 years (SD 13.3). Most (12/16, 75%) are women and 5 (38%) had a history of ECT. The mean length in months of the current episode is 46.7 months (SD 75.6) and the mean number of antidepressant trials in the current episode was 2.6 (SD 2.0). Half of the subjects (8/16) achieved response within the ketamine treatment period. Among completed responders, 75% (6/8) retained response through 8 weeks following the last infusion. On longer-term follow-up of responders, the median time to relapse was 12 weeks. Conclusions: Preliminary data demonstrate the feasibility of combining ketamine and CBT, with suggestions that CBT may sustain antidepressant effects following 4 ketamine infusions. Additional large and well-powered randomized controlled studies are warranted to definitively demonstrate efficacy.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation affects intrinsic connectivity networks in depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective therapy for major depressive disorder (MDD), with unknown mechanisms of action. Recent work has shown that MDD is characterized by aberrant interactions between intrinsic connectivity networks (ICN), and we sought to test the hypothesis that rTMS treatment changes ICNs using functional MRI to probe ICNs before and after rTMS therapy. Methods: Thirty-two patients (45.5 yrs, 21 females) with major depressive disorder entered a sham-controlled, double-blinded, randomized trial of rTMS (10 Hz, 3000 pulses/session) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlFPC). fMRI scans at baseline and after 20 rTMS sessions were obtained during rest (8 min, eyes open). Activation during an n-back task identified the target for left dlPFC stimulation via neuronavigation. After the second fMRI scan, subjects either completed 5 additional rTMS treatments (active arm, n =16) or went on to receive 25 active treatments (sham arm, n =16). Standard techniques were used to clean and normalize BOLD scans. Seed voxels were used to identify an affective network (subgenual anterior cingulate cortex [sgACC], amygdala), default mode network (DMN; posterior cingulate cortex [PCC]) and the frontoparietal network (dlPFC stimulation site). Results: At the end of the blinded phase, there was a trend effect of TMS on MADRS scores (groupXtime interaction, F =2.1, p =0.16), but there was a significant effect on QIDSSR scores after 25 treatments (groupXtime interaction, F =11.5, p =0.002). Analysis of the effect of rTMS (sham vs active) on connectivity revealed that sgACC connectivity with the left superior parietal lobule decreased from positive to negative (more normative pattern) in active, but not sham subjects (k = 119, p<0.05corr). There were no significant effects of rTMS on connectivity with the dlPFC seed. In a moderator analysis, we analyzed the relationship between baseline ICN activity and treatment response (4 50% drop in MADRS), including subjects who started with sham but went on to active treatment (13 responders, 14 nonresponders; 5 placebo responders excluded). This analysis found that greater DMN positive connectivity to the anterior insula (aIns-normal DMN connectivity is negative) was associated with a poorer treatment response (k = 364, po 0.002corr). Conclusions: These results provide evidence that rTMS moves network connectivity between the affective network to a more normative pattern of negative correlation with a node of the fronto-parietal network. Altered connectivity of DMN with aIns, a node of the salience network involved in integration of internal states and behavioral control, may reflect a type of patient less likely to respond to dlPFC rTMS therapy. Overall, the results, while preliminary in a small sample, provide clues as to the mechanism of rTMS interacting with ICNs in the treatment of MDD.
Combining exergame training with omega-3 fatty acid supplementation: Protocol for a randomized controlled study assessing the effect on neuronal structure/function in the elderly brain$$$ A common problem in the older population is the risk of falling and related injury, immobility, and reduced survival. Age-related neuronal changes, e.g., decline in gray-and white-matter, affect neuronal, cognitive, and motor functioning. The improvement of these factors might decrease fall events in elderly. Studies showed that administration of video game-based physical exercise, a so-called exergame, or omega-3 fatty acid (FA) may improve motor and/or cognitive functioning through neuronal changes in the brain of older adults. The aim of this study is to assess the effects of a combination of exergame training with omega-3 FA supplementation on the elderly brain. We hypothesize that an intervention using a combination approach differently affects on the neuronal structure and function of the elderly's brain as compared to the sole administration of exergame training. The study is a parallel, double-blinded, randomized controlled trial lasting 26 weeks. Sixty autonomous living, non-smoking, and right-handed healthy older (>65 years) adults who live independently or in a senior residency are included, randomized, and allocated to one of two study groups. The experimental group receives a daily amount of 13.5 ml fish oil (including 2.9 g of omega-3 FA), whereas the control group receives a daily amount of 13.5 ml olive oil for 26 weeks. After 16 weeks, both groups start with an exergame training program three times per week. Measurements are performed on three time-points by treatment blinded investigators: pre-intervention measurements, blood sample after 16 week, and post-intervention measurements. The main outcomes are motor evoked potentials of the right M. tibialis anterior (transcranial magnetic stimulation) and response-related potentials (electroencephalography) during a cognitive test. For secondary outcomes, reaction time during cognitive tests and spatio-temporal parameters during gait performance are measured. Statistics will include effect sizes and a 2 × 2-ANOVA with normally distributed data or the non-parametric equivalent for data not fulfilling normal distribution. The randomized controlled study is the first to investigate the effectiveness of exergame training combined with omega-3 FA in counteracting age- and behavioral-dependent neuronal changes in the brain. This study has been registered in the Swiss National Clinical Trials (SNCTP34995201623) and the ISRCTN (ISRCTN12084831) Portals.
Efficacy of single versus three sessions of high rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic migraine and tension-type headache$$$ We report the efficacy of three versus single session of 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in chronic migraine (CM) and chronic tension-type headache (CTTH). Ninety-eight patients with CM or CTTH were included and their headache frequency, severity, functional disability and number of abortive medications were noted. Fifty-two patients were randomly assigned to group I (three true sessions) and 46 to group II (one true and two sham rTMS sessions) treatment. 10 Hz rTMS comprising 600 pulses was delivered in 412.4 s on the left frontal cortex. Outcomes were noted at 1, 2 and 3 months. The primary outcome was 50 % reduction in headache frequency, and secondary outcomes were improvement in severity, functional disability, abortive drugs and side effects. The baseline headache characteristics were similar between the two groups. Follow up at different time points revealed significant improvement in headache frequency, severity, functional disability and number of abortive drugs compared to baseline in both group I and group II patients, although these parameters were not different between the two groups. In group I, 31 (79.4 %) had reduction of headache frequency and 29 (74.4 %) converted to episodic headache. In group II, these were 24 (64.8 %) and 22 (59.2 %), respectively. In chronic migraine, the severity of headache at 2 months reduced in group I compared to group II (62.5 vs 35.3 %; P = 0.01). Both single and three sessions of 10 Hz rTMS were found to be equally effective in CM and CTTH, and resulted in conversion of chronic to episodic headache in 67.1 % patients.
Opioid use after propofol or sevoflurane anesthesia: a randomized trial$$$ Background: The intravenous anesthetic propofol is a gamma-aminobutyric acid A receptor agonist. Propofol promotes analgesia by depressing nociceptive transmission in peripheral neurons, antagonizing N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors, and activating gamma-aminobutyric acid A receptors in dorsal root ganglion receptor cells. Nevertheless, it remains unclear whether intraoperative propofol causes clinically meaningful postoperative analgesia. We therefore tested the hypothesis that patients anesthetized with sevoflurane require a greater quantity of postoperative opioids (from the end of surgery until the next postoperative morning) than those anesthetized with propofol. Methods: With Institutional Review Board and EudraCT Number approval (2009-011038-82) and patients’ informed consent, ninety patients scheduled for open vein stripping were randomized to either sevoflurane or propofol anesthesia at the Medical University of Vienna General Hospital and the Danube Hospital, the largest regional hospital in Vienna. Pain was treated with bolus piritramide and patient-controlled morphine hydrochloride. The primary outcome was total opioid use from the end of surgery until the first postoperative morning. For the initial four postoperative hours and on the first postoperative morning, a blinded investigator recorded pain scores on an 11-point Likert verbal response scale. Results: The median [interquartile range] morphine sulfate equivalents were 9.8 [4-19] mg in the sevoflurane group and 10 [6-20] mg in the propofol group. Sevoflurane was not superior to propofol on postoperative opioid consumption, giving a ratio of means of 0.91 (95% interim-adjusted confidence interval [CI], 0.33 to 2.45; P = 0.74). Additionally, no difference in pain scores was found over time between the two groups, with a mean difference on an 11-point scale of 0.20 (95% interim-adjusted CI, −0.36 to 0.73; P = 0.31). Conclusion: Intraoperative sevoflurane did not reduce postoperative analgesia. This finding is consistent with the results in most previous reports. This trial was registered at ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT00712517.
A Lack of Clinical Effect of High-frequency rTMS to Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex on Bulimic Symptoms: A Randomised, Double-blind Trial$$$ Studies suggest that stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) reduces food craving in bulimic patients, but evidence supporting repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a therapeutic tool is lacking. We investigated the safety and therapeutic efficacy of an adjunct high-frequency rTMS programme targeting the left DLPFC. Forty-seven women with bulimia nervosa were randomised to a real or sham stimulation group. The real group underwent 10 rTMS sessions, each consisting of 20 trains of 5 seconds with 55-second intervals between trains, at a frequency of 10 Hz. The main outcome was the number of binge episodes in the 15 days following the end of stimulation. Overall, no significant improvement in bingeing and purging symptoms was noted after the programme. rTMS was well tolerated. This suggests that 10 sessions of high-frequency rTMS to the left DLPFC provide no greater benefit than placebo. Future studies should consider methodological issues as well as alternative targets. Copyright © 2016 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd and Eating Disorders Association.
Post-Concussive Syndrome: a Focus on Post-Traumatic Headache and Related Cognitive, Psychiatric, and Sleep Issues$$$ Purpose of Review: Post-traumatic headache (PTH) is a secondary headache disorder following traumatic brain injury. We sought to examine the recent literature on PTH and associated cognitive, psychiatric, and sleep conditions to understand the latest findings about the associated conditions and available screening tools, and to understand the available treatment options for PTH. Recent Findings: Up to one third of PTH patients may have depression and about one quarter may have insomnia. Anxiety and cognitive issues are also common. While there are few studies examining abortive medications for PTH, recent studies of preventive medications examine the efficacy of topiramate, and topiramate may be better than other oral preventive medications. Other currently investigated treatments include nerve blocks, onabotulinum toxin A, transmagnetic stimulation, and behavioral therapy (biofeedback). Summary: Due to an expanded focus on and knowledge of concussion and PTH, comorbid psychiatric, cognitive, and sleep issues have become more widely acknowledged and studied. However, more high-quality studies must be conducted to examine the underlying pathophysiology of PTH and associated symptoms and to determine the most effective abortive and preventive treatment options.
Right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT in geriatric depression: Phase 1 of the PRIDE study$$$ Objective: The Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study evaluated the efficacy of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) combined with venlafaxine for the treatment of geriatric depression. Method: PRIDE was a two-phase multisite study. Phase 1 was an acute course of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT, combined with open-label venlafaxine at seven academic medical centers. In phase 2 (reported separately), patientswho had remitted were randomly assigned to receive pharmacotherapy (venlafaxine plus lithium) or pharmacotherapy plus continuation ECT. In phase 1, depressed patients received high-dose ECT (at six times the seizure threshold) three times per week. Venlafaxine was started during the first week of treatment and continued throughout the study. The primary outcome measure was remission, assessed with the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), which was administered three times per week. Secondary outcome measures were post-ECT reorientation and safety. Paired t tests were used to estimate and evaluate the significance of change from baseline in HAM-D scores. Results: Of 240 patients who entered phase 1 of the study, 172 completed it. Overall, 61.7% (148/240) of all patients met remission criteria, 10.0% (24/240) did not remit, and 28.3% (68/ 240) dropped out; 70% (169/240)met response criteria. Among those who remitted, the mean decrease in HAM-D score was 24.7 points (95% CI=23.4, 25.9), with a mean final score of 6.2 (SD=2.5) and an average change from baseline of 79%. The mean number of ECT treatments to remission was 7.3 (SD=3.1). Conclusions: Right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT, combined with venlafaxine, is a rapidly acting and highly effective treatment option for depressed geriatric patients, with excellent safety and tolerability. These data add to the evidence base supporting the efficacy of ECT to treat severe depression in elderly patients.
A novel strategy for continuation ECT in geriatric depression: Phase 2 of the PRIDE study$$$ Objective:Therandomized phase (phase 2) of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study evaluated the efficacy and tolerability of continuation ECT plus medication compared with medication alone in depressed geriatric patients after a successful course of ECT (phase 1). Method: PRIDE was a two-phase multisite study. Phase 1 was an acute course of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT, augmented with venlafaxine. Phase 2 compared two randomized treatment arms: A medication only arm (venlafaxine plus lithium, over 24 weeks) and an ECT plus medication arm(four continuationECTtreatmentsover1month, plusadditionalECT as needed, using the Symptom-Titrated, Algorithm-Based Longitudinal ECT [STABLE] algorithm, while continuing venlafaxine plus lithium). The intent-To-Treat sample comprised 120 remitters from phase 1. The primary efficacy outcome measure was score on the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), and the secondary efficacy outcome was score on the Clinical Global Impressions severity scale (CGI-S). Tolerability as measured by neurocognitive performance (reported elsewhere) was assessed using an extensive test battery; global cognitive functioning as assessed by the Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) is reported here. Longitudinal mixed-effects repeated-measures modeling was used to compare ECT plus medication and medication alone for efficacy and global cognitive function outcomes. Results: At 24 weeks, the ECT plus medication group had statistically significantly lower HAM-D scores than the medication only group. The difference in adjustedmean HAM-D scores at study end was 4.2 (95% CI=1.6, 6.9). Significantly more patients in the ECT plus medication group were rated "not ill at all" on the CGI-S compared with the medication only group. There was no statistically significant difference between groups in MMSE score. Conclusions: Additional ECT after remission (here operationalized as four continuation ECT treatments followed by furtherECTonly as needed)wasbeneficial in sustainingmood improvement for most patients.
Study design and methodology for a multicentre, randomised controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation as a treatment for unipolar and bipolar depression$$$ Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a new, non-invasive neuromodulation approach for treating depression that has shown promising efficacy. The aim of this trial was to conduct the first international, multicentre randomised controlled trial of tDCS as a treatment for unipolar and bipolar depression. The study recruited 120 participants across 6 sites in the USA and Australia. Participants received active or sham tDCS (2.5 mA, 20 sessions of 30 min duration over 4 weeks), followed by a 4-week open label active treatment phase and a 4-week taper phase. Mood and neuropsychological outcomes were assessed with the primary antidepressant outcome measure being the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). A neuropsychological battery was administered to assess safety and examine cognitive effects. The study also investigated the possible influence of genetic polymorphisms on outcomes. The trial was triple-blinded. Participants, tDCS treaters and study raters were blinded to each participant's tDCS group allocation in the sham-controlled phase. Specific aspects of tDCS administration, device operation and group allocation were designed to optimise the integrity of blinding. Outcome measures will be tested using a mixed effects repeated measures analysis with the primary factors being Time as a repeated measure, tDCS condition (sham or active) and Diagnosis (unipolar or bipolar). A restricted number of random and fixed factors will be included as required to account for extraneous differences. As a promising treatment, tDCS has excellent potential for translation into widespread clinical use, being cost effective, portable, easy to operate and well tolerated.
Multifocal repetitive TMS for motor and mood symptoms of Parkinson disease$$$ Objective: To assess whether multifocal, high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of motor and prefrontal cortex benefits motor and mood symptoms in patients with Parkinson disease (PD). Methods: Patients with PD and depression were enrolled in this multicenter, double-blind, sham-controlled, parallel-group study of real or realistic (electric) sham rTMS. Patients were randomized to 1 of 4 groups: bilateral M1 (+ sham dorsolateral prefrontal cortex [DLPFC]), DLPFC (+ sham M1), M1 + DLPFC, or double sham. The TMS course consisted of 10 daily sessions of 2,000 stimuli for the left DLPFC and 1,000 stimuli for each M1 (50 × 4-second trains of 40 stimuli at 10 Hz). Patients were evaluated at baseline, at 1 week, and at 1, 3, and 6 months after treatment. Primary endpoints were changes in motor function assessed with the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale-III and in mood with the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale at 1 month. Results: Of the 160 patients planned for recruitment, 85 were screened, 61 were randomized, and 50 completed all study visits. Real M1 rTMS resulted in greater improvement in motor function than sham at the primary endpoint (p < 0.05). There was no improvement in mood in the DLPFC group compared to the double-sham group, as well as no benefit to combining M1 and DLPFC stimulation for either motor or mood symptoms. Conclusions: In patients with PD with depression, M1 rTMS is an effective treatment of motor symptoms, while mood benefit after 2 weeks of DLPFC rTMS is not better than sham. Targeting both M1 and DLPFC in each rTMS session showed no evidence of synergistic effects. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT01080794. Classification of evidence: This study provides Class I evidence that in patients with PD with depression, M1 rTMS leads to improvement in motor function while DLPFC rTMS does not lead to improvement in depression compared to sham rTMS.
Long-Term Effects of Repeated Prefrontal Cortex Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) on Food Craving in Normal and Overweight Young Adults$$$ Background The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) plays an important role in the regulation of food intake. Several previous studies demonstrated that a single session of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the DLPFC reduces food craving and caloric intake. Objectives We hypothesized that repeated tDCS of the right DLPFC cortex may exert long-term changes in food craving in young, healthy adults and that these changes may differ between normal and overweight subjects. Methods Thirty healthy individuals who reported frequent food cravings without a prior history of eating disorders were initially recruited. Subjects were randomized into an ACTIVE group who received 5 days of real tDCS (20 minutes, anode right-cathode left montage, 2 mA with current density kept at 0.06 mA/cm2, 1 min ramp-up/ramp-down), and a SHAM group, who received one day of real tDCS, on the first day (same parameters), followed by 4 days of sham tDCS. Food craving intensity was examined by Food Craving Questionnaires State and Trait and Food Craving Inventory before, during, (5-days) and one month (30-days) after tDCS. Results Single session of tDCS significantly reduced the intensity of current food craving (FCQ-S). Five days of active tDCS significantly reduced habitual experiences of food craving (FCQ-T), when compared to baseline pre-stimulation levels. Furthermore, both current (FCQ-S) and habitual craving (FCQ-T) were significantly reduced 30 days after active tDCS, while sham tDCS, i.e. a single tDCS session did not have significant effects. Also, active tDCS significantly decreased craving for fast food and sweets, and to a lesser degree for fat, while it did not have significant effects on craving for carbohydrates (FCI). There were no significant differences between individual FCQ-T subscales (craving dimensions) after 5 or 30 days of either sham or active tDCS. Changes in craving were not significantly associated with the initial weight, or with weight changes 30 days after the stimulation in the subjects. Conclusions The results confirm earlier findings that single session of tDCS has immediate effects in reducing food craving. They also show that repeated tDCS over the right DLPFC may increase the duration of its effects, which may be present 30 days after the stimulation. These results support further investigation of the use of tDCS in obesity.
The effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on occupational stress among health care workers: A pilot study$$$ Objective Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was approved by the Food and Drug Administration to alleviate symptoms of treatment-resistant depression. This study aimed to evaluate the effectiveness of rTMS treatment on alleviating occupational stress by evaluating clinical symptoms and quantitative electroencephalography (QEEG). Methods Twenty-four health care workers were randomized to receive 12 sessions of active or sham rTMS delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Each session consisted of 32 trains of 10 Hz repetitive TMS delivered in 5-second trains at 110% of the estimated prefrontal cortex threshold. Before and after the intervention, the Korean version of the occupational stress inventory (K-OSI), Beck’s depression inventory (BDI), and Beck’s anxiety inventory (BAI) were administered and EEG was performed using a 21-channel digital EEG system. Results After TMS, the average scores for the affective responses to stressors on the personal strain questionnaire (PSQ) subscale of K-OSI and BDI decreased significantly for the active-TMS group compared to the sham-TMS group. Also, the active-TMS group showed a significantly greater decrease in relative alpha in the F3 electrode and a significantly greater increase in the F4 electrode. Conclusion High-frequency rTMS on the left DLPFC had stress-relieving and mood-elevating effects in health care workers, likely by stimulating the left frontal lobe.
Apilot study of cognitive training with and without transcranial direct current stimulation to improve cognition in older persons with HIV-related cognitive impairment$$$ Background: In spite of treatment advances, HIV infection is associated with cognitive deficits. This is even more important as many persons with HIV infection age and experience age-related cognitive impairments. Both computer-based cognitive training and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have shown promise as interventions to improve cognitive function. In this study, we investigate the acceptability and efficacy of cognitive training with and without tDCS in older persons with HIV. Patients and methods: In this single-blind randomized study, participants were 14 individuals of whom 11 completed study procedures (mean age =51.5 years; nine men and two women) with HIV-related mild neurocognitive disorder. Participants completed a battery of neuropsychological and self-report measures and then six 20-minute cognitive training sessions while receiving either active or sham anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. After training, participants completed the same measures. Success of the blind and participant reactions were assessed during a final interview. Assessments were completed by an assessor blind to treatment assignment. Pre- and post-training changes were evaluated via analysis of covariance yielding estimates of effect size. Results: All participants believed that they had been assigned to active treatment; nine of the 11 believed that the intervention had improved their cognitive functioning. Both participants who felt the intervention was ineffective were assigned to the sham condition. None of the planned tested interactions of time with treatment was significant, but 12 of 13 favored tDCS (P=0.08). All participants indicated that they would participate in similar studies in the future. Conclusion: Results show that both cognitive training via computer game playing and tDCS were well accepted by older persons with HIV infection. Results are suggestive that tDCS may improve cognitive function in persons with HIV infection. Further study of tDCS as an intervention for HIV-related cognitive dysfunction is warranted.
Fluoxetine does not enhance visual perceptual learning and triazolam specifically impairs learning transfer$$$ The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor fluoxetine significantly enhances adult visual cortex plasticity within the rat. This effect is related to decreased gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) mediated inhibition and identifies fluoxetine as a potential agent for enhancing plasticity in the adult human brain. We tested the hypothesis that fluoxetine would enhance visual perceptual learning of a motion direction discrimination (MDD) task in humans. We also investigated (1) the effect of fluoxetine on visual and motor cortex excitability and (2) the impact of increased GABA mediated inhibition following a single dose of triazolam on post-training MDD task performance. Within a double blind, placebo controlled design, 20 healthy adult participants completed a 19-day course of fluoxetine (n = 10, 20 mg per day) or placebo (n = 10). Participants were trained on the MDD task over the final 5 days of fluoxetine administration. Accuracy for the trained MDD stimulus and an untrained MDD stimulus configuration was assessed before and after training, after triazolam and 1 week after triazolam. Motor and visual cortex excitability were measured using transcranial magnetic stimulation. Fluoxetine did not enhance the magnitude or rate of perceptual learning and full transfer of learning to the untrained stimulus was observed for both groups. After training was complete, trazolam had no effect on trained task performance but significantly impaired untrained task performance. No consistent effects of fluoxetine on cortical excitability were observed. The results do not support the hypothesis that fluoxetine can enhance learning in humans. However, the specific effect of triazolam on MDD task performance for the untrained stimulus suggests that learning and learning transfer rely on dissociable neural mechanisms.
Treating Clinical Depression with Repetitive Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Using the Brainsway H1-coil$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging non-pharmacological approach to treating many brain-based disorders. rTMS uses electromagnetic coils to stimulate areas of the brain non-invasively. Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) with the Brainsway H1-coil system specifically is a type of rTMS indicated for treating patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) who are resistant to medication. The unique H1-coil design of this device is able to stimulate neuronal pathways that lie deeper in the targeted brain areas than those reached by conventional rTMS coils. dTMS is considered to be low-risk and well tolerated, making it a viable treatment option for people who have not responded to medication or psychotherapy trials for their depression. Randomized, sham-control studies have demonstrated that dTMS produces significantly greater improvement in depressive symptoms than sham dTMS treatment in patients with major depression that has not responded to antidepressant medication. In this paper, we will review the methodology for treating major depression with dTMS using an H1-coil.
Effects of Hesel-coil deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression – a systematic review$$$ Background: One third of the depressed patients are not improved by antidepressant drugs and psychological treatments, and there is a need for additional treatments. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is being developed towards an alternative in treatment-resistant depression. Deep transcranial stimulation (dTMS) with the Hesel-coil (H-coil) is a further development of rTMS aiming to enhance the effect by getting the magnetic pulses to penetrate deeper into the brain. Aims: This report aims to assess the evidence-base for dTMS for depression. The report also includes an assessment of the ethical and economic aspects involved. Methods: A systematic review of the effects of H-coil dTMS on depression was conducted and the scientific support was evaluated using GRADE (Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation). Results: Only one controlled study was identified. In the sham-controlled randomized study, 212 participants with major depression that had not responded to antidepressant medication were enrolled. A two-point superiority in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was observed in the dTMS arm vs the sham-arm at 4 weeks, but the difference was not statistically significant. No serious adverse events were reported apart from rare cases of epileptic seizures. Conclusions: The existing scientific support for H-coil dTMS therapy for depression is insufficient. The clinical implication is that the use of dTMS in depression should be restricted to the framework of clinical trials pending further studies. Fortunately, additional studies are underway and the evidence base should presumably improve over the next several years.
Brain stimulation treatments in bipolar disorder: A review of the current literature$$$ Objectives. Brain stimulation techniques are non-pharmacologic strategies which offer additional therapeutic options for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). The purpose of this paper is to review the current literature regarding the use of brain stimulation in resistant bipolar disorder (BD), with particular reference to hypomanic/manic symptoms. Methods. Keywords pertaining to the brain simulation techniques used in the treatment of depression (either unipolar or bipolar) along with their role in regard to hypomanic/manic symptoms were used to conduct an electronic search of the literature. Pertinent findings were identiﬁed by the authors and reviewed. Results. Brain stimulation techniques represent a valid therapeutic option in TRD. They have been extensively studied in unipolar depression and, to a minor extent, in the depressive phase of BD, showing encouraging but often limited results. With exception of electroconvulsive therapy, the efficacy of brain stimulation in the treatment of manic symptoms of bipolar patients is still uncertain and needs to be fully evaluated. Conclusions. Brain stimulation in BD is derived from its use in unipolar depression. However, there are many important differences between these two disorders and more studies with a systematic approach need to be conducted on larger samples of bipolar patients with treatment-resistant characteristics.
The Beneficial Effect of Hypnosis in Elective Cardiac Surgery: A Preliminary Study$$$ Background Single-session hypnosis has never been evaluated as a premedication technique in patients undergoing coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG). The aim of the present study was to evaluate the beneficial effects of clinical hypnotherapy on perioperative anxiety, pain perception, sedation, and necessity for ventilator assistance in patients undergoing CABG. Methods Double-blind, randomized, clinical trial was performed. Forty-four patients undergoing CABG surgery were randomized into two groups. The patients in group A received preprocedural hypnosis by an anesthesiologist. Patients in group B (control) had only information on the surgical intervention by the same anesthesiologist. State-Trait-Anxiety Index-I (STAI-I) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) were performed preoperatively in both groups. Visual analog scale (VAS) and Ramsay sedation scale (RSS) were evaluated on 0th, 1st, 2nd, 4th, 6th, 8th, 10th, 12th, and 24th hours, postoperatively. Postoperative anxiety level, analgesic drug consumption, and duration of ventilator assistance and intensive care unit (ICU) stay were also documented. Results When anxiety and depression levels were compared, significantly lower STA-I and BDI values were detected in group A after hypnotherapy (p = 0.001, p = 0.001, respectively). Significantly less total doses of remifentanil (34.4 ± 11.4 vs. 50.0 ± 13.6 mg) and morphine (4.9 ± 3.3 vs. 13.6 ± 2.7 mg) were administered in group A in the postoperative period. Ventilator assistance duration (6.8 ± 2.0 vs. 8.9 ± 2.7 hours) was also shorter in group A when compared with that in group B (p = 0.007). Conclusion Hypnosis session prior to surgery was an effective complementary method in decreasing presurgical anxiety, and it resulted in better pain control as well as reduced ventilator assistance following CABG surgery.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in children and adolescents: a comprehensive review$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation method that has shown promising results in various neuropsychiatric disorders in adults. This review addresses the therapeutic use of tDCS in children and adolescents including safety, ethical, and legal considerations. There are several studies addressing the dosage of tDCS in children and adolescents by computational modeling of electric fields in the pediatric brain. Results suggest halving the amperage used in adults to obtain the same peak electric fields, however, there are some studies reporting on the safe application of tDCS with standard adult parameters in children (2 mA; 20–30 min). There are several randomized placebo controlled trials suggesting beneficial effects of tDCS for the treatment of cerebral palsy. For dystonia there are mixed data. Some studies suggest efficacy of tDCS for the treatment of refractory epilepsy, and for the improvement of attention deficit/hyperactivity disorder and autism. Interestingly, there is a lack of data for the treatment of childhood and adolescent psychiatric disorders, i.e., childhood onset schizophrenia and affective disorders. Overall, tDCS seems to be safe in pediatric population. More studies are needed to confirm the preliminary encouraging results; however, ethical deliberation has to be weighed carefully for every single case.
A proof-of-concept study on the combination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and relaxation techniques in chronic tinnitus$$$ Interference of ongoing neuronal activity and brain stimulation motivated this study to combine repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and relaxation techniques in tinnitus patients. Forty-two patients were enrolled in this one-arm proof-of-concept study to receive ten sessions of rTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and temporo-parietal cortex. During stimulation, patients listened to five different kinds of relaxation audios. Variables of interest were tinnitus questionnaires, tinnitus numeric rating scales, depressivity, and quality of life. Results were compared to results of historical control groups having received the same rTMS protocol (active control) and sham treatment (placebo) without relaxation techniques. Thirty-eight patients completed the treatment, drop-out rates and adverse events were low. Responder rates (reduction in tinnitus questionnaire (TQ) score ≥5 points 10 weeks after treatment) were 44.7 % in the study, 27.8 % in the active control group, and 21.7 % in the placebo group, differing between groups on a near significant level. For the tinnitus handicap inventory (THI), the main effect of group was not significant. However, linear mixed model analyses showed that the relaxation/rTMS group differed significantly from the active control group showing steeper negative THI trend for the relaxation/rTMS group indicating better amelioration over the course of the trial. Deepness of relaxation during rTMS and selection of active relaxation vs. passive listening to music predicted larger TQ. All remaining secondary outcomes turned out non-significant. This combined treatment proved to be a safe, feasible and promising approach to enhance rTMS treatment effects in chronic tinnitus.
Pre-treatment letter fluency performance predicts antidepressant response to transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ Background Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising new treatment for depression, however, clinical trials to-date indicate variable efficacy, thereby raising the need to identify inter-individual predictors of response. In the current study we aimed to investigate pre-treatment neurocognitive performance as a predictor of antidepressant response to tDCS. Methods Data was pooled from five clinical trials, including two randomised controlled trials (RCTs), which investigated the antidepressant effects of anodal tDCS administered to the prefrontal cortex. Data from 57 patients were included in the analysis. Mood was assessed before and after an acute course of treatment using the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale. The following neurocognitive tests were administered prior to treatment: Simple and choice reaction time, the Symbol Digit Modalities Test (SDMT), Rey Auditory Verbal Memory Task (RAVLT), Digit Span, and the Controlled Oral Word Association Test (COWAT). Results Better pre-treatment letter fluency performance measured using the COWAT predicted antidepressant response to tDCS after controlling for confounds. Limitations Small sample size and analysis included data from both RCTs and open label studies. Conclusion Pre-treatment letter fluency performance, an ability subserved by the left prefrontal cortex, the primary site of stimulation, is a predictor of response for tDCS treatment for depression. This study highlights the importance of inter-individual neurobiological differences in mediating tDCS antidepressant effects.
An overview on clinical aspects in magnetic seizure therapy$$$ The aim of the presented work is to provide an overview on the clinical data of the promising convulsive brain stimulation technique, the magnetic seizure therapy (MST). We review the advantages and disadvantages of MST, focusing on rationale, development and current treatment procedure. We also provide a summary of the current literature including clinical trials and case reports found in the PubMed database. Furthermore, we consider effectiveness and side effects, emphasizing on crucial issues to be addressed for a better understanding of this potential new treatment option in treatment-resistant depression (TRD).
Impaired synaptic plasticity in RASopathies: a mini-review$$$ Synaptic plasticity in the form of long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) is considered to be the neurophysiological correlate of learning and memory. Impairments are discussed to be one of the underlying pathophysiological mechanisms of developmental disorders. In so-called RASopathies [e.g., neurofibromatosis 1 (NF1)], neurocognitive impairments are frequent and are affected by components of the RAS pathway which lead to impairments in synaptic plasticity. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) provides a non-invasive method to investigate synaptic plasticity in humans. Here, we review studies using TMS to evaluate synaptic plasticity in patients with RASopathies. Patients with NF1 and Noonan syndrome (NS) showed reduced cortical LTP-like synaptic plasticity. In contrast, increased LTP-like synaptic plasticity has been shown in Costello syndrome. Notably, lovastatin normalized impaired LTP-like plasticity and increased intracortical inhibition in patients with NF1. TMS has been shown to be a safe and efficient method to investigate synaptic plasticity and intracortical inhibition in patients with RASopathies. Deeper insights in impairments of synaptic plasticity in RASopathies could help to develop new options for the therapy of learning deficits in these patients.
Effects of smoking status and MADRS retardation factor on response to low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression$$$ Background Despite growing evidence supporting the clinical interest of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treatment-resistant depression (TRD), little is known regarding the effects of clinical and sociodemographic factors on the clinical outcome in patients. Methods We retrospectively investigated the effects of clinical (using the 3-factor model of the Montgomery-Åsberg depression rating scale [MADRS] encompassing dysphoria, retardation and vegetative symptoms) and sociodemographic characteristics of participants on clinical outcome in a sample of 54 TRD patients receiving low frequency rTMS (1 Hz, 360 pulses) applied over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex combined with sham venlafaxine. Results Responders (n = 29) displayed lower retardation baseline scores (13.6 ± 2.9) than non-responders (15.6 ± 2.9; n = 25; P = 0.02). We also observed a significant difference between the numbers of ex-smokers in responders and non-responders groups; all ex-smokers (n = 8) were responders to rTMS (P = 0.005). Conclusion Low MADRS retardation factor and ex-smoker status is highly prevalent in responders to low frequency rTMS. Further studies are needed to investigate the predictive value of these factors.
Effects of intermittent theta burst stimulation on manual dexterity and motor imagery in patients with multiple sclerosis: A quasi-experimental controlled study$$$ Background: Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocol that influences cortical excitability and motor function recovery. Objectives: This study aimed to investigate the effects of iTBS on manual dexterity and hand motor imagery in multiple sclerosis (MS) patients. Methods: Thirty-six MS patients were non-randomly assigned into sham (control) or iTBS groups. Then,iTBS was delivered to the primary motor cortex for ten days over two consecutive weeks. The patients’ manual dexterity was assessed using the nine-hole peg test (9HPT) and the Box and Block Test (BBT),while the hand motor imagery was assessed with the hand mental rotation task (HMRT). Results: iTBS group showed a reduction in the time required to complete the 9HPT (mean difference =-3.05,P = 0.002),and an increase in the number of blocks transferred in one minute in the BBT (mean difference = 8.9,P = 0.001) when compared to the control group. Furthermore,there was no significant difference between the two groups in terms of the reaction time (P = 0.761) and response accuracy rate (P = 0.482) in the HMRT. Conclusions: When iTBS was applied over the primary motor cortex,it significantly improved manual dexterity,but had no significant effect on the hand motor imagery ability in MS patients.
Effect of memantine on cognitive status in geriatrics under electroconvulsive therapy, a double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the gold standard for the treatment of severe depression in the geriatrics [1]. The cognitive abnormality induced by ECT is the major factor limiting its use in geriatrics [2]. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of memantine administration on the adverse cognitive effects of ECT in geriatrics. Methods: Fifty geriatric patients diagnosed with a major depressive disorder for which ECT was indicated as a treatment for their current episode were randomly allocated to either the memantine (5 mg/day) group or the placebo group. All patients underwent the same protocol for anaesthesia and ECT procedures. The patients received memantine or the placebo for the whole period of ECT treatment, starting the day before ECT and continuing until the sixth session of ECT. The Modified Mental State Examination (MMSE) was used for the assessment of cognition before and after the trial [3]. Results: Regarding MMSE and item 3 MMSE (related to recent memory), the memantine group scored significantly higher at the end of ECT sessions than the control group (P = 0.04, P = 0.03, respectively). All of the patients tolerated the memantine and no patients dropped out because of adverse side effects from the memantine or placebo. Conclusion: Our data support the hypothesis that memantine (5 mg/ d) may reduce cognitive impairment following ECT in geriatrics.
A systematic review of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for pediatric depression$$$ Objectives: Adolescent depression is a serious illness that results in debilitating short- and long-term outcomes. Despite the established efficacy of pharmacological and psychosocial interventions, approximately 40 percent of depressed adolescents are categorized as treatment resistant. The current study reviews the evidence for repetitive transcranialmagnetic stimulation (rTMS), a potentially novel treatment for refractory depression. The goal of this session is to systemically examine the following: 1) efficacy of rTMS as a treatment for acute and maintenance treatment for depression; 2) developmental, clinical, and rTMS characteristics associatedwith treatment response; and 3) clinicalmeasures that appear most sensitive to treatment. Methods: A systematic search of PubMed, PsycINFO, and Embase, was conducted to identify studies published through February 2016. The following search terms were entered as follows: transcranial magnetic stimulation, depression, pediatric, and child. To capture all of the available data, controlled studies and case reports, conducted both within and outside the United States, were included. Twenty-eight studies met inclusion criteria. The review will be updated for the AACAP conference. Results: A total of 23 controlled and 5 case studies were identified. Eighteen studies indicated that rTMS may be efficacious for acute depression, and four studies support rTMS as a form of maintenance treatment. Sample group sizes ranged from 1 to 60. Benefits were observed for both younger and older adolescents. The absence of comorbidity resulted in a more favorable outcome. Approximately 14-30 treatments were administered over the course of 2-6 weeks. Four studies indicated that 10-Hz repetitive rTMS at 120 percent motor threshold applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is most beneficial in targeting pediatric depression. Among multiple depression measures, the Children's Depression Rating Scale appeared to be most sensitive to treatment. Conclusions: Preliminary data suggest that rTMS may be efficacious for pediatric depression and that certain subgroup and treatment characteristics may yield a more favorable response. Randomized controlled trials that examine both short- and long-term outcomes are needed before definitively recommending rTMS for adolescents with refractory depression.
Psychosis is different-microRNA and VEGFA changes in depression treated with ECT$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most acutely effective treatment available for severe depression. However, use is limited by concerns over cognitive side-effects and an incomplete understanding of its mechanism of action [1]. MicroRNAs are small, non-coding molecules that can regulate the expression of hundreds of genes. They have been implicated in a number of disorders, including depression, but their potential role in ECT has not yet been reported [2]. Aims: 1. To study changes in the levels of microRNAs in peripheral blood after ECT, 2. to explore the gene targets of differentially expressed microRNAs and 3. to study correlations between molecular changes and clinical and cognitive outcomes after ECT. Methodology: The patients were all participants in a randomised controlled trial of standard dose bitemporal and highdose right unilateral ECT [3]. A deep sequencing (SOLiD™ platform) discovery phase study of peripheral blood microRNA expression before and after ECT for depression (n = 16) was followed by qRT-PCR confirmation of differentially expressed microRNAs. Candidate microRNAs were then validated in a separate cohort (37 depressed patients, 34 healthy controls). Validated microRNAs underwent bioinformatic analysis to identify gene targets and pathways. Downstream mRNA changes were quantified using qRTPCR (97 depressed patients, 53 healthy controls). Deep sequencing data were analysed using The Bioconductor package using t-tests with correction (Benjamini-Hochberg) for multiple testing. qRT-pCR data were analysed using t-tests or ANCOVA where groups were not matched on potential confounders. Changes over time were investigated using a mixed design ANOVA / General Linear Model. Correlational analysis was carried out with Pearson's r. Depression severity was measured with the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24), and psychosis severity with the 5-item Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS-5). Pathway analysis was carried out using PANTHER [4]. Results: After correction for multiple testing, a deep sequencing study with qRT-PCR confirmation did not identify any differentially expressed microRNAs in the group as a whole. However, significant changes were seen in a subgroup of patients with psychotic depression. These candidate microRNAs were validated in a separate cohort. In patients with psychotic depression, miR-126-3p (t = 3.015, p = 0.006) and miR-106a-5p (t = 2.598, p = 0.025) were significantly raised at baseline compared to healthy controls with levels normalising following ECT. VEGFA, SIRT1 and E2F1 were experimentally validated shared targets of miR-126-3p and miR-106a-5p. In addition, pathway analysis revealed over-represented pathways relevant to depression and neuroplasticity, including several growth factor and cell cycle regulation pathways. Peripheral expression of VEGFA mRNA was significantly increased in depressed subjects compared to controls [ANCOVA F(1,144) = 27.688, p<0.001]. This difference was more marked in those with psychotic depression. In psychotic depression only, VEGFA levels decreased significantly following ECT (t = 2.915, p = 0.010), and baseline VEGFA levels correlated with depression (r = 0.302, p = 0.003) and psychosis severity (r = 0.505, p = 0.020), but not with cognitive outcomes. Differences in microRNA/mRNA expression were not driven by presence of antipsychotics. Conclusions: Significant changes in miR-126-3p, miR-106a- 5p and their shared target VEGFA were seen in psychotic depression treated with ECT, indicating that molecular, as well as clinical and genetic differences [5] exist between psychotic and non-psychotic depression.
Randomised-controlled trial of ketamine augmentation of ECT on neuropsychological and clinical outcomes in depression (Ketamine-ECT Study)$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective acute treatment for severe depression, but is associated with adverse cognitive effects which have contributed to concerns about its risk-benefit balance [1]. ECT may cause cognitive impairment through indiscriminate stimulation of glutamate receptors and preliminary evidence has suggested that ketamine, a glutamate antagonist, may alleviate these effects [2]. Ketamine has also been shown to have a rapid, although temporary, antidepressant effect after a single infusion [3]. Objective: To determine the efficacy and safety of adjunctive low-dose ketamine, given with the standard anaesthetic, in reducing cognitive impairments caused by ECT. A secondary objective was to determine whether ketamine accelerated or enhanced symptomatic response. Methods: Seventy-nine severely depressed patients were randomised to ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) or saline as an adjunct to their anaesthetic for their whole ECT course, with 70 comprising the modified intention-to-treat sample. The primary outcome was delayed verbal recall on the Hopkins Verbal Learning Task-Revised (HVLT-R) after four ECT treatments (Mid-ECT), analysed using a gaussian repeated measures model. Secondary outcomes included neuropsychological tasks (autobiographical, working and visual memory, and verbal fluency), symptom and quality of life measures; assessments occurred at baseline, mid-ECT, end of treatment and follow-up at one and four months after the last ECT. Results: Compared with saline, adjunctive ketamine had no significant effect on the primary outcome, anterograde verbal memory measured by the HVLT-R (delayed recall treatment effect difference -0.43 [95% CI -1.73 to 0.87]) or other neuropsychological outcomes. There was no difference between treatment arms for symptomatic improvement in depressive symptoms (difference in Montgomery-Å sberg Depression Rating Scale [MADRS] score slopes 0.46 [95% CI -0.93 to 1.84]), the number of ECT treatments to remission (MADRS ≤10: 0.83 [95% CI -3.2 to 4.9] treatments), anxiety symptoms, or quality of life. By the end of treatment with ECT 54% (saline 59%, ketamine 48%) of patients had responded (≥50% decrease in MADRS from baseline) and 37% (saline 35%, ketamine 39%) of patients had remitted. Tolerability was similar in the two treatment arms although two patients had isolated transient psychological effects attributable to ketamine which did not necessitate stopping treatment. Conclusions: Although no benefit was found for ketamine, moderate benefits or harms cannot be excluded due to the lower than planned numbers. Included patients were younger than the non-included population receiving ECT, and had only limited cognitive impairment with ECT, limiting generalisation to more cognitively compromised patients. The results of the study do not support the use of adjunctive ketamine in routine ECT treatment as used in the UK.
Chronic electroconvulsive stimulation in rats induces alterations in the miRNome that are hippocampal specific$$$ Background: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), a class of endogenous small RNA species, may contribute to the development of complex brain disorders, such as depression [1], and their treatment [2]. MiRNAs control about half of all protein-coding genes in mammals and are found in abundance in the brain where they play a role in a variety of functions such as neurogenesis, cell specification, apoptosis and synaptic plasticity. We have previously reported that chronic treatment with electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS), the animal model equivalent of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), alters the expression of miRNAs associated with the neurotrophin brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in rat brain and blood [3]. To gain further understanding of the effects of chronic ECS on miRNAs in rat hippocampus the hypothesis neutral approach of next-generation deep sequencing is used here. Methods: Male Sprague-Dawley rats (n = 8 per group) were randomised to receive either “sham” or “real” ECS. ECS (100 pulses/s; 0.5 ms; 0.7 s; 75 mA) was administered daily for 10 days. Total RNA was extracted from hippocampal tissue and samples were run on a SOLiDTM sequencing platform (Life Technologies). The accuracy of each base-call from the SOLiD sequencer was verified and enhanced using Applied Biosystems's proprietary SOLiD Accuracy Enhancement Tool (SAET) software. Read-mapping was performed using SHRiMP, an alignment program that natively supports the Applied Biosystems colorspace format. Reads were filtered to remove adapter sequences, mitochondrial DNA and unwanted RNA species. Filtered reads were then mapped to a database of miRNA sequences derived from ENSEMBL. The number of reads mapping to individual transcripts was calculated by HTSeq, and differential expression analysis between groups of samples was performed by its companion program, DESeq2. Confirmation and specificity studies were carried out using individual stem-loop primers and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). Drosha and Dicer1 mRNA levels were assessed using qRT-PCR. mRNA targets of confirmed miRNAs were identified using miRWalk and pathway analysis was carried out using DAVID. Results: The SOLiD sequencing platform generated several gigabases of high-quality DNA sequence across all samples. Results generated using the Bioconductor library DESeq showed that nine transcripts were significantly differentially expressed (p<0.001) in the hippocampus following ECS after correcting for multiple comparisons. These include six known mature miRNA species, one of which we previously reported to be altered following ECS [3]. Confirmation studies using qRT-PCR identified changes in four out of the six mature miRNAs and these changes were shown to be hippocampal specific. Hippocampal levels of Drosha and Dicer1, which regulate production of mature miRNAs, were unaltered. Preliminary miRWalk and DAVID analyses predict that these miRNAs target mRNA species involved in inflammatory, glutamatergic, neurotrophic and intracellular signalling pathways, cytoskeletal regulation, axon guidance and long-term potentiation. Conclusion: Overall, alterations in miRNA expression may be informative about the mechanism of action of ECS/ECT and in turn may give insight into the neurobiology of depression. MiRNAs have already shown tremendous promise in treating other diseases such as Hepatitis C [4]. Thus, a better understanding of the role of miRNAs in depression and its treatments may also lead to novel therapeutic targets.
Prefrontal cortex haemodynamic responses in severe major depression and the effects of ECT: An fNIRS study$$$ Background: The cognitive deficits found in depressed patients have been associated with impaired prefrontal cortical function, and limited evidence suggests that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) leads to its further suppression. This may contribute to the acute detrimental effects of ECT on cognition [1]. Haemodynamic responses to cognitive tasks can be measured in the lateral prefrontal cortex using functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS), and an expanding evidence base has shown that depressed patients, compared to healthy controls, have impaired responses during verbal fluency (VF) [2] and working memory (WM) [3] tasks, suggesting that this methodology can be used as a measure of prefrontal cortical function. Objective: We hypothesised that severely ill depressed patients will have decreased lateral frontal activation to verbal fluency and working memory tasks and that a low dose of ketamine, given as part of the general anaesthetic, will alleviate the further suppression of frontal activation by ECT, in line with its benefits in preserving cognitive function. Methods: As part of a placebo-controlled trial investigating whether ketamine might alleviate the cognitive impairments caused by ECT [4], 18 depressed patients and 51 healthy controls (HC) were studied using fNIRS. Patients were tested before commencing ECT, and 12 were also assessed after 4 ECT treatments. Participants performed a short (10 min) paced category VF task consisting of blocks of 30 seconds of stimulus, followed by 30 seconds of rest, repeated 10 times and a 10 minute N-Back WM task consisting of 10 blocks each of 30 seconds of 2 back stimuli and rest. Haemodynamic optical data were acquired with the miniNTS fNIRS system (UCL Biomedical Optics Research/Gower Labs) consisting of 4 detectors and 24 sources. A symmetric probe was created covering lateral prefrontal areas, with a total of 12 channels per hemisphere. Homer2 [5] was used to preprocess the data using spline motion correction and band-pass filtering. Mean regional haemodynamic responses were calculated by blockaveraging trials following a baseline correction, and analysed using ANCOVA co-varied for age and sex. Results: Preliminary results show patients had blunted bilateral prefrontal cortex oxyhaemoglobin responses to the VF task compared to HC, and this was further decreased after 4 ECT. Patients who responded to ECT tended to have relatively preserved responses, and greater suppression by ECT, to this task. On the WM task, patients tended to show prefrontal cortex inhibition at baseline and an altered time course of oxy- and deoxyhaemoglobin after 4 ECTs. No significant effect of ketamine was found in either task but the number of patients in each arm limited this comparison. Conclusions: Haemodynamic prefrontal cortical responses appear to be impaired in severe depression and further suppressed by ECT treatment in a preliminary analysis. The usefulness of fNIRS to predict response to ECT warrants further investigation.
Adult Cancer Patient Recruitment and Enrollment into Cell Phone Text Message Trials$$$ INTRODUCTION: Text messaging (TMs) on cell phones is emerging as an effective means of delivering behavioral interventions. However, little is known about TM use in adult cancer patients. The present study aimed to extend knowledge on acceptability of a TM intervention in adult cancer patients; examine factors of those screened and enrolled; and compare recruitment at a large national specialty pharmacy versus community-based cancer clinics.
The efficacy of cerebellar vermal deep high frequency (theta range) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in schizophrenia: A randomized rater blind-sham controlled study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising therapeutic for schizophrenia. Treatment effects of rTMS have been variable across different symptom clusters, with negative symptoms showing better response, followed by auditory hallucinations. Cerebellum, especially vermis and its abnormalities (both structural and functional) have been implicated in cognitive, affective and positive symptoms of schizophrenia. rTMS to this alternate site has been suggested as a novel target for treating patients with this disorder. Hypothesizing cerebellar vermal magnetic stimulation as an adjunct to treat schizophrenia psychopathology, we conducted a double blind randomized sham controlled rTMS study. In this study, forty patients were randomly allocated (using block randomization method) to active high frequency (theta patterned) rTMS (n=20) and sham (n=20) groups. They received 10 sessions over 2 weeks. The Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) and Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia (CDSS) scores were assessed at baseline, after last session and at 4 weeks (2 weeks post-rTMS). We found a significantly greater improvement in the group receiving active rTMS sessions, compared to the sham group on negative symptoms, and depressive symptoms. We conclude that cerebellar stimulation can be used as an effective adjunct to treat negative and affective symptoms.
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation for suicide risk in therapy-resistant depressed patients: A randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Objectives: We aimed to examine the effects and safety of accelerated intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) on suicide risk in a group of treatment-resistant unipolar depressed patients, using an extensive suicide assessment scale. Methods: In 50 therapy-resistant, antidepressant-free depressed patients, an intensive protocol of accelerated iTBS was applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in a randomized, sham-controlled crossover design. Patients received 20 iTBS sessions over 4 days. Suicide risk was assessed using the Beck Scale of Suicide ideation (BSI). Results: The iTBS protocol was safe and well tolerated. We observed a significant decrease of the BSI score over time, unrelated to active or sham stimulation and unrelated to depression-response. No worsening of suicidal ideation was observed. The effects of accelerated iTBS on mood and depression severity are reported in Duprat et al. (2016). The decrease in suicide risk lasted up to 1 month after baseline, even in depression non-responders. Conclusions: This accelerated iTBS protocol was safe. The observed significant decrease in suicide risk was unrelated to active or sham stimulation and unrelated to depression response. Further sham-controlled research in suicidal depressed patients is necessary. (Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT01832805).
Minimum Effective Doses of Succinylcholine and Rocuronium during Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Prospective, Randomized, Crossover Trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Neuromuscular blockade is required to control excessive muscle contractions during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In a crossover, assessor-blinded, prospective randomized study, we studied the minimum effective dose (MED) of succinylcholine and rocuronium for ECT. The MED was the lowest dose to provide a predefined qualitative measure of acceptable control of muscle strength during induced convulsions. METHODS: Succinylcholine (0.8 mg kg -1) or rocuronium (0.4 mg kg -1) was randomly administered in 227 ECT sessions to 45 patients. The dose was incrementally increased or decreased by 10% based on 2 psychiatrists' (blinded to treatment) assessment of "acceptable" or "not acceptable" control of evoked muscle contractions (sufficient versus insufficient or excessive paralysis). The neuromuscular transmission was monitored quantitatively until full recovery. RESULTS: In our study, the MEDs of succinylcholine and rocuronium to produce acceptable ECT conditions in 50% of patients (MED50 ECT) were 0.85 mg kg -1 (95% confidence interval [CI], 0.77-0.94) and 0.41 mg kg -1 (95% CI, 0.36-0.46) and in 90% of patients (MED90 ECT) were 1.06 mg kg -1 (95% CI, 1.0-1.27) and 0.57 mg kg -1 (95% CI, 0.5-0.6), respectively. Nadir twitch height for acceptable muscle activity was 0% (0-4) and 4% (0-30; P < 0.001), respectively, and the time to recovery of the neuromuscular transmission was 9.7 ± 3.5 and 19.5 ± 5.7 minutes, respectively. CONCLUSIONS: A twitch suppression of >90% is needed for control of motor contractions during ECT. The initial ECT dose of succinylcholine should be selected based on each patient's preprocedural condition, ranging between 0.77 and 1.27 mg kg -1 to produce acceptable muscle blockade in 50% to 90% of patients. Rocuronium-neostigmine combination is a safe alternative if appropriately dosed (0.36-0.6 mg kg -1) and monitored.
Mood and neuropsychological effects of different doses of ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is a growing clinical challenge. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective tool for TRD treatment. However, there remains a subset of patients who do not respond to this treatment with common anesthetic agent. Ketamine, a noteworthy anesthetic agent, has emerged as an augmentation to enhance the antidepressant efficacy of ECT. Trials of i.v. ketamine in TRD indicated dose-related mood enhancing efficacy. We aimed to explore anesthetic and subanesthetic concentrations of ketamine in ECT for TRD with respect to their impact on mood and neuropsychological effects. Methods Ninety TRD patients (36 males, 54 females; average age, 30.6 years old) were randomly assigned to receive either ketamine (0.8 mg/kg) (n=30), subanesthetic ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) plus propofol (0.5 mg/kg) (n=30) or propofol (0.8 mg/kg) (n=30) as an anesthetic and underwent 8 ECT sessions. The primary outcome measures were the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17), cognitive assessments and seizure parameters. Results The ketamine group had an earlier improvement in HDRS-17, longer seizure duration, lower electric quantity, a higher remission rate, and a lower degree of executive cognitive impairment compared to the ketamine+propofol and propofol groups. The ketamine+propofol group showed earlier improvement in the HDRS-17, a longer seizure duration and a different seizure energy index when compared to the propofol group. Limitations The postoperative dissociative side effect was not assessed. Conclusions Both anesthetic and subanesthetic concentrations of ketamine have rapid mood enhancing actions in ECT for TRD, while anesthetic concentrations results in larger magnitudes of antidepression and cognitive protection. ECT with ketamine anesthesia might be an optimized therapy for patients with TRD.
Evaluation and Management of SCI-Associated Pain$$$ Traumatic spinal cord injury (SCI) is a devastating neurological condition. Treatment of SCI-related pain is challenging for the treating physician, as normal neural pathways are disrupted. Patients with SCI consistently rate pain as one of the most difficult problems associated with their injury. SCI-related pain can be refractory and complete relief is often not possible. The multidimensional nature of SCI-related pain affects the neural system including autonomic nervous system deregulation and can alter metabolic and biochemical processes throughout the body. Co-morbid psychological illnesses such as depression and adjustment disorder are seen in a significant percentage of patients. Despite a better understanding of the underlying pain mechanisms and advances in procedural, pharmacologic, and non-pharmacologic therapies, treatment of pain after SCI remains elusive. This manuscript reviews the current evidence-based evaluation and management of the SCI patient with the overarching goal of providing appropriate and effective management of their pain. In particular, additional well-designed studies are needed to help elucidate effective treatments for SCI-related neuropathic pain in an effort to help provide these patients with better management of their pain and improve their quality of life.
Genetic polymorphisms and the adequacy of brain stimulation: state of the art$$$ Introduction: Heterogeneity of therapeutic response to brain stimulation techniques has inspired scientists to uncover the secrets to success or failure of these projects. Genetic polymorphisms are one of the major causes of this heterogeneity. Areas covered: More than twenty genetic variants within more than ten genes (e.g. BDNF, COMT, DRD2, TRPV1, 5-HT1A, 5-HHT, P2RX7, VEGF, TPH1, TPH2, ACE, APOE, GNB3, NET, NMDA receptors, and RGS4) have been investigated, among which the BDNF gene and its polymorphism, Val66Met, is the best documented variant. We review the genotypic combinations, which are reported to interact with the work of brain stimulation, of which the DRD2 C957T polymorphism is the most prominent type. Finally, implications of transcranial magnetic stimulation in deciphering the interaction between genetic background (e.g. SCN1A and 5-HTT) and drugs (e.g. carbamazepine and citalopram) at the cortical excitability level is explained. Expert commentary: Studies are ongoing to find missing factors responsible for heterogeneity of response to brain stimulation techniques. Further knowledge about genetic factors affecting the therapeutic response to brain stimulation techniques might provide helpful guidelines for choosing ideal candidates for treatment.
Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) 2016 clinical guidelines for the management of adults with major depressive disorder: Section 6. Special populations: Youth, women, and the elderly$$$ Background: The Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) conducted a revision of the 2009 guidelines by updating the evidence and recommendations. The scope of the 2016 guidelines remains the management of major depressive disorder (MDD) in adults, with a target audience of psychiatrists and other mental health professionals. Methods: Using the question-answer format, we conducted a systematic literature search focusing on systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Evidence was graded using CANMAT-defined criteria for level of evidence. Recommendations for lines of treatment were based on the quality of evidence and clinical expert consensus. This section on "Special Populations" is the sixth of six guidelines articles. Results: Recent studies inform the treatment of MDD in children and adolescents, pregnant and breastfeeding women, women in perimenopause or menopause, and the elderly. Evidence for efficacy of treatments in these populations is more limited than for the general adult population, however, and risks of treatment in these groups are often poorly studied and reported. Conclusions: Despite the limited evidence base, extant data and clinical experience suggest that each of these special populations can benefit from the systematic application of treatment guidelines for treatment of MDD.
Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) 2016 clinical guidelines for the management of adults with major depressive disorder: Section 4. Neurostimulation treatments$$$ Background: The Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) conducted a revision of the 2009 guidelines by updating the evidence and recommendations. The scope of the 2016 guidelines remains the management of major depressive disorder (MDD) in adults, with a target audience of psychiatrists and other mental health professionals. Methods: Using the question-answer format, we conducted a systematic literature search focusing on systematic reviews and meta-analyses. Evidence was graded using CANMAT-defined criteria for level of evidence. Recommendations for lines of treatment were based on the quality of evidence and clinical expert consensus. "Neurostimulation Treatments" is the fourth of six sections of the 2016 guidelines. Results: Evidence-informed responses were developed for 31 questions for 6 neurostimulation modalities: 1) transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), 2) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), 3) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), 4) magnetic seizure therapy (MST), 5) vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), and 6) deep brain stimulation (DBS). Most of the neurostimulation treatments have been investigated in patients with varying degrees of treatment resistance. Conclusions: There is increasing evidence for efficacy, tolerability, and safety of neurostimulation treatments. rTMS is now a first-line recommendation for patients with MDD who have failed at least 1 antidepressant. ECT remains a second-line treatment for patients with treatment-resistant depression, although in some situations, it may be considered first line. Third-line recommendations include tDCS and VNS. MST and DBS are still considered investigational treatments.
Seizure Induced by Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in an Adolescent with Depression$$$ Objective: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) with an H-1 coil was recently approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (U.S. FDA) for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in adults. Studies assessing the safety and effectiveness of deep TMS in adolescent TRD are lacking. The purpose of this brief report is to provide a case history of an adolescent enrolled in an investigational deep TMS protocol. Methods: A case history is described of the first participant of a sham-controlled clinical trial who had a seizure in the course of deep TMS with parameter settings extrapolated from the adult studies that led to US FDA approval (H-1 coil, 120% target stimulation intensity, 18 Hz, 55 trains of 2-second duration, total 1980 pulses). Results: The participant was a 17-year-old unmedicated female, with no significant medical history and no history of seizures or of drug or alcohol use. Brain magnetic resonance imaging showed no structural abnormalities. She initially received sham, which was well tolerated. During active treatment sessions, titration began at 85% of motor threshold (MT) and increased by 5% per day. Her weekly MT measurements were stable. On her first day of 120% MT (8th active treatment), during the 48th train, the participant had a generalized, tonic-clonic seizure that lasted 90 seconds and resolved spontaneously. She had an emergency medicine evaluation and was discharged home without anticonvulsant medications. There were no further seizures reported at a 6-month follow-up. Conclusions: We report a deep TMS-induced generalized tonic-clonic seizure in an adolescent with TRD participating in a clinical trial. Given the demonstrated benefits of deep TMS for adult TRD, research investigating its use in adolescents with TRD is an important area. However, in light of this experience, additional precautions for adolescents should be considered. We propose that further dose-finding investigations are needed to refine adolescent-specific parameters that may be safe and effective for treating adolescents with TRD with deep TMS.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for generalised anxiety disorder: A pilot randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) holds promise for treating generalised anxiety disorder (GAD) but has only been studied in uncontrolled research. Aims This is the first randomised controlled trial (clinicaltrials.gov: NCT01659736) to investigate the efficacy and neural correlates of rTMS in GAD. Method Twenty five participants (active n = 13; sham, n = 12) enrolled. rTMS was targeted at the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC, 1 Hz, 90% resting motor threshold). Results Response and remission rates were higher in the active v. sham groups and there were significant group6time interactions for anxiety, worry and depressive symptoms, favouring active v. sham. In addition, right DLPFC activation during a decision-making gambling task increased at post-treatment for active rTMS only, and changes in neuroactivation correlated significantly with changes in worry symptoms. Conclusions Findings provide preliminary evidence that rTMS may improve GAD symptoms in association with modifying neural activity in the stimulation site.
Frontostriatal connectivity changes in major depressive disorder after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A randomized Sham-Controlled study$$$ Objective: The aim of this randomized, sham-controlled study was to investigate the therapeutic effects of underlying neurobiological changes after 2-week repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment using functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging in patients with major depression. Methods: Twenty-four patients with major depressive disorder diagnosed with DSM-IV-TR criteria were randomly assigned to the active rTMS (n = 13) or sham (n = 11) groups from January 2009 to June 2011. rTMS was given for 2 weeks at 110% of the motor threshold for 10 minutes at 10 Hz over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Resting state functional connectivity was evaluated before and after rTMS. The 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) was administered, and neurocognitive tasks were performed. We examined between-group differences in functional connectivity changes from the bilateral DLPFC. Results: Participants in the active rTMS group showed significant clinical improvement in HDRS scores compared to those in the sham group (P < .001). After 2-week rTMS, there were significant differences in changes in DLPFC-left caudate connectivity (corrected P < .05): The active group showed a greater reduction of connectivity strength between the DLPFC and left caudate compared to the sham group. Reduced levels of DLPFC-left caudate connectivity predicted improvement in depressive symptoms (r = 0.58, P = .001). Additionally, a positive correlation between residual depressive symptoms and connectivity strength after 2-week rTMS was found (r = 0.46, P = .023). Conclusions: High-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC showed therapeutic effects in patients with major depression. The therapeutic effect of rTMS is related to the modulation of functional connectivity in the frontostriatal network.
Adverse Effects of Second-Generation Antipsychotics as Adjuncts to Antidepressants: Are the Risks Worth the Benefits?$$$ Over the past decades, several adjunctive therapies have been introduced for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), and these strategies have ebbed and flowed in popularity. Currently, adjunctive therapy with the second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs) is most commonly used by psychiatrists. Four SGAs are FDA approved for indications related to TRD (aripiprazole, brexpiprazole, olanzapine, and quetiapine extended release); some evidence also supports use of risperidone and ziprasidone as adjunctive therapies. This article briefly reviews the role of adjunctive therapy with SGAs in contemporary algorithms for TRD, considering both the evidence of benefit and the adverse effects.
Ketamine: Future treatment for unresponsive depression?$$$ Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is a debilitating mental health condition which accounts for a significant portion of worldwide disability. Historically,the suggested pharmacotherapy to treat MDD have been monoaminergic-acting antidepressants,such as SSRIs or SNRIs. These drugs can provide relief,but often take weeks to noticeably improve depressive symptoms and are not always effective,leading to a condition known as Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD). It is believed that 50% MDD sufferers in Ireland suffer from TRD,and thus the development of improved pharmacotherapies is necessary. One emerging therapy is low dose,intravenous (R-S)-Ketamine (ketamine). While the molecular basis of ketamine’s therapeutic effect has not been fully determined,it has shown to effectively and swiftly mitigate the symptoms of TRD. Barriers do exist preventing the legal prescription of ketamine,including its questionable safety profile and risk of inducing dependence. Despite this,ketamine remains a promising pharmacotherapy for TRD and further investigation is required.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: Report on two cases and proposal for a randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Neuromodulation techniques for treating obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) have expanded through greater understanding of the brain circuits involved in this disorder. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a non-invasive technique, has been studied as an alternative for treatment-resistant OCD. We describe the design of a clinical trial using tDCS for OCD and report on the outcomes from two patients with primary OCD who were resistant to cognitive-behavioral therapy and to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and who received tDCS in an open manner during the training phase for the study procedures. DESIGN AND SETTING: Methodological description of a clinical trial using tDCS for treatment-resistant OCD at a university hospital; and a report on two cases. METHODS: The proposed study is randomized, sham-controlled and double-blind. Forty-four patients will be randomized to either active or sham intervention. The active intervention consists of applying an electric current of 2 mA, with the cathode positioned in the region corresponding to the supplementary motor cortex (bilaterally) and the anode positioned in the deltoid. The primary outcome will be the reduction in baseline YBOCS (Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale) score at the end of week 4. The secondary outcomes will be depression and anxiety symptoms. Genetic markers, cortical excitability and neurocognitive performance will be investigated. RESULTS: The first patient showed significant improvement, whereas the second remained symptomatic after four weeks and after six months. tDCS was well tolerated. CONCLUSION: tDCS for treatment-resistant OCD merits randomized controlled trials that test its effectiveness. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: NCT02743715.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for generalised anxiety disorder: A pilot randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) holds promise for treating generalised anxiety disorder (GAD) but has only been studied in uncontrolled research. Aims This is the first randomised controlled trial (clinicaltrials.gov: NCT01659736) to investigate the efficacy and neural correlates of rTMS in GAD. Method Twenty five participants (active n = 13; sham, n = 12) enrolled. rTMS was targeted at the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC, 1 Hz, 90% resting motor threshold). Results Response and remission rates were higher in the active v. sham groups and there were significant group6time interactions for anxiety, worry and depressive symptoms, favouring active v. sham. In addition, right DLPFC activation during a decision-making gambling task increased at post-Treatment for active rTMS only, and changes in neuroactivation correlated significantly with changes in worry symptoms. Conclusions Findings provide preliminary evidence that rTMS may improve GAD symptoms in association with modifying neural activity in the stimulation site.
Electroconvulsive therapy in the maintenance treatment of depressive disorders: Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Recurrence rate of depressive episodes after remission with acute course of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) is substantial. The aim of this study was to conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis of maintenance ECT (m-ECT) trials to determine whether m-ECT with or without antidepressant pharmacotherapy differs from pharmacotherapy alone in preventing recurrence of depression. Method: Two authors independently extracted the data using a protocol in accordance with PRISMA guidelines for systematic review. PubMed, EMBASE, Psych INFO, clinical trials registered with clinicaltrials.gov and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) were searched for randomized controlled trials of m-ECT which was defined as the treatment that was continued for six months or more after remission of the index depressive episode. The measured outcome was recurrence of a depressive episode. Results: The search yielded 1387 trials. 840 studies were screened after removal of duplications. Four trials involving 280 patients were eligible for inclusion. One study tested continuation ECT alone against pharmacotherapy and there was no similar study to pool the data. Three trials that compared m-ECTwith antidepressants against antidepressants were analysed. All studies had Intention to Treat (ITT) analysis. Allocation concealment was adequate only in one study. One-year survival data showed that m-ECT with pharmacotherapy is superior to pharmacotherapy alone in preventing recurrence of depression (random effect, RR = 0.38, CI = 0.19-0.78, p = 0.009). Heterogeneity among studies was insignificant (I2 = 0.55, p = 0.11). Data beyond one year was insufficient for meta-analysis. Conclusion: Maintenance ECT with antidepressants reduces the risk of recurrence of depression at least for one year.
ECT treatment dropouts: Retrospective study$$$ Objective: Identify predictors of ECT dropout. Background: ECT is an effective treatment, but some patients drop out before clinical benefits are likely to occur. Surprisingly, little information is available on predictors of dropout in routine clinical practice. Prospective studies report dropout rates from ≤10% to 26%. One multicenter trial noted 26% dropout, with 36% attributed to cognitive side effects or inadequate efficacy. Prediction of dropout may improve patient selection or identify atrisk cases. Method: Retrospective review of 450 ECT records, including age, gender, inpatient/outpatient initial status, clinical diagnoses [unipolar/bipolar, personality disorder/traits, substance abuse, anxiety disorder], distance from the hospital, electrode placement, MMSE, and Beck Depression Inventory [BDI] scores. Premature dropouts (<=4 treatments without objective/subjective benefit, N = 29) were compared to a random sample treated over the same interval with >=7 treatments (N = 58), using chi-square or t-tests. Additional data tabulating subjective reasons for dropout are pending. Results: Results to date show dropouts represented 6% of cases, more likely started ECT as inpatients (69% vs. 43%), and had personality disorder/traits or substance use diagnoses (62% vs. 24%), p < .05. Other demographic and clinical variables did not differ. For dropouts with both initial and ending MMSE scores (N = 14), there was no change from baseline. Conclusion: The data suggest predictors of ECT dropout include treatment venue and diagnoses of personality disorder/traits or substance use. Improved outcomes and utilization of ECT resources may include pre-treatment screening or clinical management for such patients early in the treatment course.
Effect of electroconvulsive therapy in mixed episodes of bipolar disorder: A systematic review$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effect of Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in Mixed Episodes of Bipolar Disorder. Background: Mixed Episode is associated with high rates of comorbidity, poorer response to pharmacological treatment and poorer outcome. A different treatment approach is needed. As ECT has been shown to be effective in both mania and depression, it could be effective to treat mixed episodes as well. Methods: We performed a literature search on PuBMed, LILACS and ISI databases using ''mixed bipolar'' AND ''electroconvulsive therapy'' for eligible articles published until January 27th 2016, written in English or Portuguese. We evaluated various parameters, including samples characteristics, diagnosis criteria, outcome measures, electrode placement, number of ECT sessions, and response. Results: Eighty-nine studies were identified. Eight studies met the eligible criteria. The four naturalistic studies included were from the same research center. Response rate ranged from 56% to 100%. Response of depressive symptoms varied from 66% to 78%. No study evaluated separately the response of manic symptoms. In naturalistic studies, remission rates were between 14.35% and 34.8%. Length of index episode, lifetime OCD comorbidity and mean basal scores in YMRS seem to be related to non-response to ECT. The majority of studies utilized bilateral electrode placements and brief pulse. Conclusions: The literature on the use of ECT in the Mixed Episode of Bipolar Disorder is scarse and no randomized clinical trial was found during our search. ECT seems to be effective in the treatment of Mixed Episode and is an alternative for pharmacological treatment-resistant patients.
Treatment of depression in chronic kidney disease (CKD) patients on dialysis$$$ Objectives: The aim of this review was to determine the effectiveness of currently available treatments for MDD in CKD patients concurrently treated with hemodialysis in order to determine whether justification for a trial of rTMS can be established. Background: Depression is a common, under-recognized and undertreated problem that is independently associated with increased morbidity and mortality in CKD patients. There were 12-26% of dialysis patients who have depressive disorders and only 16-45% of these patients receive antidepressant treatment. Antidepressant medication dosages need to be lowered and thus potentially affecting efficacy. Method: A search of PubMed and Google Scholar was conducted utilizing the following terms: "antidepressant medications, depres-sion treatment with CKD, or ESRD". The search pointed to fourteen articles and a text book. Results: One randomized placebo-controlled study compared fluoxetine and escitalopram and showed no difference in efficacy or safety. Non-randomized trials suggested benefit for tricyclic antidepressants. Side-effects were mild but common. One case report recommended a combination of pharmacological and nonpharmacological approaches. A review article supported the added efficacy of the combination of medications and CBT. One case report used transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and suggests that tDCS has potential to be a useful treatment in this population. Conclusions: The evidence for the effectiveness of antidepressants in this population remains sparse. The literature does not support a single antidepressant as more efficacious. A combination of antidepressants with CBT seems to be superior to either alone. Finally, non-pharmacological treatments might provide additional benefit, without the potential harms and can represent valuable alternatives to antidepressant drug therapy.
Comparison of TMS outcomes in complex major depressive disorder: Brainsway and Neurostar$$$ Objectives: We compared Brainsway and Neurostar TMS outcomes in complex MDD. Background: There are two primary FDA-approved TMS devices: Neurostar and Brainsway deep TMS (DTMS). They are comparable in mode of operation and system for delivery of electromagnetic fields to the prefrontal cortex. They differ in depth and breadth of penetration into the cortex. The Brainsway DTMS penetrates up to 8 cm deep compared to 1.5 cm for the Neurostar. Whether depth translates into improved outcomes is an open question, particularly with severe, complex MDD. Methods: Twenty-six consecutive young adults with MDD admitted to Yellowbrick received Neurostar TMS (N = 15) or Brainsway DTMS (N = 11) standard treatment protocols. On average, the patients had 5 Axis-1 SCID diagnoses. Over 40% had made suicide attempts requiring hospitalization. Results: Neurostar and Brainsway produced comparable improvement pre-to post-TMS in depressive symptoms (BDI F = 14.64, p <.001; MADRS F = 12.87, p <.002). They differed in mean number of sessions required in the acute phase (Brainsway 28.8 vs. Neurostar 45.5, t = 3.55, p <.002); and total (Brainsway 35.4 sessions vs. Neurostar 56, t = 3.91, p <.001). Conclusions: Both the Brainsway and Neurostar TMS devices produced significant improvements in complex MDD, but Brainsway DTMS did so in almost half the number of sessions. This suggests that Brainsway's deeper and broader penetration mobilizes a faster, more efficient and coordinated cortical response than does Neurostar. The findings are qualified by the absence of random assignment. Nevertheless, they offer hope to patients who have not met TMS inclusion criteria based on severity and complexity.
Does Therapeutic Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Cause Cognitive Enhancing Effects in Patients with Neuropsychiatric Conditions? A Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis of Randomised Controlled Trials$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is increasingly used as a therapeutic intervention for neuropsychiatric illnesses and has demonstrated efficacy for treatment of major depression. However, an unresolved question is whether a course of rTMS treatment results in effects on cognitive functioning. In this systematic review and meta-analysis we aimed to quantitatively determine whether a course of rTMS has cognitive enhancing effects. We examined cognitive outcomes from randomised, sham-controlled studies conducted in patients with neuropsychiatric conditions where rTMS was administered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) across repeated sessions, searched from PubMed/MEDLINE and other databases up until October 2015. Thirty studies met our inclusion criteria. Cognitive outcomes were pooled and examined across the following domains: Global cognitive function, executive function, attention, working memory, processing speed, visual memory, verbal memory and visuospatial ability. Active rTMS treatment was unassociated with generalised gains across the majority of domains of cognitive functioning examined. Secondary analyses revealed a moderate sized positive effect for improved working memory in a small number of studies in patients with schizophrenia (k = 3, g = 0.507, 95 % CI = [0.183-0.831], p < .01). Therapeutic rTMS when administered to the DLPFC in patients with neuropsychiatric conditions does not result in robust cognitive enhancing effects.
Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation for treatment of schizophrenia with predominant negative symptoms: A double-blind, sham-controlled proof-of-concept study$$$ Negative symptoms are highly relevant in the longterm course of schizophrenia and are an important target domain for the development of novel interventions. Recently, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the prefrontal cortex has been investigated as a treatment option in schizophrenia. In this proof-of-concept study, 20 schizophrenia patients with predominantly negative symptoms were randomized to either 10 sessions of add-on active (2 mA, 20 min) or sham tDCS (anode: left DLPFC/ F3; cathode: right supraorbital/F4). Primary outcome measure was the change in the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS) sum score; secondary outcomes included reduction in Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) scores and improvement of depressive symptoms, cognitive processing speed, and executive functioning. Sixteen patients underwent 4 functional connectivity magnetic resonance imaging (fcMRI) scans (pre and post 1st and pre and post 10th tDCS) to investigate changes in resting state network connectivity after tDCS. Per-protocol analysis showed a significantly greater decrease in SANS score after active (-36.1%) than after sham tDCS (-0.7%). PANSS sum scores decreased significantly more with active (-23.4%) than with sham stimulation (-2.2%). Explorative analysis of fcMRI data indicated changes in subgenual cortex and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) connectivity within frontal-Thalamic-Temporo-parietal networks. The results of this first proof-of-concept study indicate that prefrontal tDCS may be a promising intervention for treatment of schizophrenia with predominant negative symptoms. Large-scale randomized controlled studies are needed to further establish prefrontal tDCS as novel treatment for negative symptoms in schizophrenia.
Deep Brain Stimulation in Bed Nucleus of Stria Terminalis and Medial Forebrain Bundle in a Patient with Major Depressive Disorder and Anorexia Nervosa$$$ Introduction: In deep brain stimulation (DBS), thin quadripolar electrodes connected to a neuropacemaker are implanted into subcortical central structures of the brain where pathological neuronal activity is modulated with electrical current. The method has revolutionized the treatment of Parkinson's disease and other movement disorders and is under investigation for, among others, some psychiatric conditions. DBS has in this group shown some promising results, but the material is limited and heterogeneous, consisting mainly of small non-randomized studies with electrodes implanted in many different brain target structures (1). Here we present a patient with severe major depressive disorder (MDD) and co-morbid anorexia nervosa treated with DBS in the medial forebrain bundle (MFB) and subsequently in the bed nucleus of stria terminalis (BNST). Case Presentation: History: The patient, a 60-year woman, had childhood onset of anxiety and anorexia nervosa, with symptoms of anxiety connected to food intake, restricted eating and later on purging. The course of the eating order was remitting and relapsing with episodes at age 14, 28 and most recently at age 44. The last episode had a prolonged course and over time her depressive symptoms became more and more severe and since the age of 47 her main problem was MDD, with significant symptoms of anxiety. By the end her eating disorder had clear depressive components with thoughts of being a burden to relatives, not being worth to eat and suicidal ideations about starving to death. At the age of 54 the patient was committed to a closed psychiatric ward. Treatment: The patient had tried and failed psychotherapy, several different SSRI, SNRI, NaSSA, MAOIs, tricyclic antidepressants, mood stabilizers, neuroleptics and ketamine infusions, with little or no effect. The only treatment providing relief was ECT, and the patients had received since many years three sessions of ECT every fourth week. Unfortunately ECT resulted in a gradual loss of memory, finally removing most of her memories from before her 30 years of age. Attempts to reduce the frequency of ECT sessions failed since this resulted in several suicide attempts while being admitted. Therefore after extensive screening and informed consent, the patient was included in an ongoing study of DBS for MDD. The MFB was chosen as target based on a recent report, which highlighted the acute and quick effect of this treatment (2). When evaluated before surgery at baseline the patient weighted 40 kg with a body mass index (BMI) of 16.6. She was deemed severely depressed. She scored 43 points on MADRS, 22 on HAM-D and 34 on HAM-A. She preferred lying alone in a dark room. She exhibited reduced facial mimic. She responded adequately to questions, but with short sentences and a monotonous voice. At age 56, the patient underwent implantation of two DBS electrodes (Medtronic model 3389) in the MFB in the posteromedial hypothalamic area just anterior of the red nucleus. Stimulation was initiated two days after surgery. When the patient returned one week later the effect was perceived as dramatic. The patient considered herself to be 'quite happy'. She had a normal facial mimic, spoke fluently and smiled occasionally. Bipolar stimulation was delivered using three contacts on each side, at 130 Hz, and 60 uS. The voltage was gradually increased and after 4 months was 2.8 V on the left side and 3.0 V on the right. Further increase was not possible since it caused blurred vision. At 6 months MADRS was reduced to 26 points, HAM-D 22 and HAM-A 21. Ten months after the procedure the patient complained of blurred vision. Numerous adjustments of stimulation and cessation of lamotrigin (due to possibility of the drug to attenuate visual sideeffects) were tried in the following period without success. The symptom was partly stimulation induced, but even after the stimulation had been turned off for 2 weeks, some minor symptoms remained. The stimulation was restarted with a voltage reduced to a level where the side effects were tolerable, however, with a reduced effect on her psychiatric symptoms. Two years after the first procedure the patient was therefore reoperated, with implantation of bilateral electrodes (Medtronic model 3387) in the BNST. The patient received monopolar stimulation through two contacts on each electrode and gradually increasing voltage. At 12 month the patient had 130 Hz, 120 uS and 4.3 V bilaterally. The stimulation in the MFB was simultaneously reduced and turned off without any signs of deterioration. Outcome and Follow-Up: The improvement seen after BNST DBS was more gradual but very profound. Nine months after surgery the patient was released from the psychiatric ward and returned to her home. Prior to this she had been subject to hospital care, initially due to her eating disorder and lastly due to severe MDD with suicidal ideation, for almost 4 years. She is now living fulltime at home with her family and participating in social gatherings and outdoor activities. She considers herself to be profoundly improved and at 12 months her MADRS was reduced to 13 points, HAM-D scored 6 and HAM-A 5 points. During the whole postoperative periods, neither of the surgical procedures had any significant effect on her anorexia, in terms of BMI. However, following the second procedure all her anxiety for food and eating vanished. She has virtually stopped vomiting, her food intake is more stable and less prone to large variations, and tube feeding could be cessated. However, in the words of the patient, she continues out of habit to eat just enough to keep her weight stable, even in the absence of anxiety or obsessive thoughts. However, she is now motivated to start behavioral training to change this pattern. Discussion: According to WHO, depression is the most common cause of disability with a prevalence of 3-5%(3), and the STAR∗D studies have demonstrated the limitations of conventional treatments (4). Not only is depression associated with a suffering for the patients, an often severe social handicap and a reduced quality of life, but also with a significant mortality. It is estimated that 90% of the suicides are related to psychiatric diseases, the most common cause being depression, where the mortality due to suicide is around 10-15% (5). Anorexia nervosa has one of the highest mortality rates of any psychiatric disorder and the presence of anxiety and mood disturbances portends a worse prognosis of the disorder (6). As for depression conventional treatment methods have demonstrated limitations. Pharmacological methods have been shown to be ineffective in anorexia nervosa (7). Even with psychotherapy and self-help programs, where effectiveness ranges from 60-70%, there remains a group of patients with intractable symptoms (8). Even though the majority of patients will respond well to noninterventional therapy, there remains a significant group in both depression and anorexia nervosa, in whom conventional treatment will yield little or no relief of symptoms. In severely affected patients where therapy resistant symptoms have caused a high degree of suffering and handicap, interventional procedures in the form of stereotactic functional neurosurgery might be indicated. The experience of these experimental procedures remains, however, still limited. A total of 100 patients treated with DBS for MDD in nine different studies and several brain targets have been published {Naesstrom, 2016 #141} (9). The most common targets are the subcallosal cingulate gyrus (SCCG)9, the nucleus accumbens (NA) and the ventral caudate/ventral striatum (VC/VS)(10-12). The inferior thalamic peduncle and the lateral habenula were the target in two case reports (13, 14). The most recently published brain target for DBS in depression is the MFB, where results have been presented for seven patients (2). The results of DBS for depression have been generally promising, although recent blinded randomized multicenter studies in the US have failed to show benefit from active stimulation compared to sham stimulation (11). Concerning the BNST this target has only been published in one study of DBS for obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), but not for MDD (15). In our patient the MFB, connecting the amygdala, ventral tegmental area, NA, ventromedial and lateral nuclei of the hypothalamus, was initially chosen as target since the onset of effect has been reported to be rapid (2).
Cognitive effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of major depression in elderly patients a randomized, controlled trial$$$ Objectives: Bifrontal (BF) electrode placement has been explored to refine the electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) technique. No previous study has compared the cognitive effects of BF versus right unilateral (RUL) ECT by only including the subgroup that is most likely to receive it: elderly patients with major depression. Methods: Nondemented patients (n = 65) with major depression, aged 60 to 85 years, were randomly allocated to BF ECT and RUL formulabased ECT.Cognitive functionwas assessed at baseline (T1), within 1week after a course of ECT (T2), and 3 months after T2 (T3). Six neuropsychological test measures of memory, 5 of executive function, and 3 of information-processing speed were administered. Results: According to linear mixed models, there were no significant differences between the BF and RUL groups at any time. The retrograde memory score for public facts declined more for the RUL group (P < 0.001) than the BF group (P=0.005) from baseline to the first retest and remained stable for both groups from T2 to T3. A rapid improvement in selective attention was observed in the RUL group from T1 to T2, but the scores remained stable from T2 to T3 (P < 0.001). This measure remained stable in the BF group from T1 to T3. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that there were negligible differences in the cognitive effects of formula-based BF or RUL ECT. The overall cognitive effects of ECT were equally favorable for each of the groups.
An investigation of patient preferences for music played before electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: Patients often feel anxious before electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), which can lead to avoidance of treatments. Music is a noninvasive safe option to reduce anxiety in the preoperative setting. Therefore, we examined patients' preferences of listening to music while receiving ECT by providing music-by way of headphones or speakers- to participants before treatment. Methods: Patients receiving ECT were recruited for this study. Patients served as their own controls in 3 separate music intervention sessions: 1) randomization to music via headphones or speakers, 2) no music, 3) the remaining music intervention. Patients completed a questionnaire related to satisfaction and preferences of music being played before ECT. Patients received a final questionnaire at the end of the study asking which intervention they preferred. Results: Thirty patients completed the study. Ninety percent enjoyed listening to music through speakers. Eighty percent liked listening to music through headphones. Seventeen percent preferred not having any music. The difference in preference between speakers and headphones was not significant (P = 0.563; McNemar-Bowker test). There was no association between preference at the end of the study and the initial assignment of speakers or headphones (P = 0.542 and P = 0.752, respectively; Pearson χ2 tests). No adverse events were reported. Conclusions: Music is a low-cost intervention with virtually no side effects that could be offered as an adjunctive therapy for patients receiving ECT. A significant proportion of patients liked hearing music before treatment.
Expanded safety and efficacy data for a new Method of performing Electroconvulsive therapy focal electrically administered seizure therapy$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most rapid and effective antidepressant treatment but with concerns about cognitive adverse effects. A new form of ECT, focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST), was designed to increase the focality of stimulation and better match stimulus parameters with neurophysiology. We recently reported on the safety and feasibility of FEAST in a cohort (n = 17) of depressed patients. We now report on the safety, feasibility, preliminary efficacy, and cognitive effects of FEAST in a new cohort. Methods: Open-label FEASTwas administered to 20 depressed adults (6 men; 3 with bipolar disorder; age 49.1 ± 10.6 years). Clinical and cognitive assessments were obtained at baseline and end of course. Time to orientation recovery was assessed at each treatment. Nonresponders switched to conventional ECT. Results: Participants tolerated the treatment well with no dropouts. Five patients (25%) transitioned from FEAST to conventional ECT due to inadequate response. After FEAST (mean, 9.3 ± 3.5 sessions; range, 4-14), therewas a 58.1%± 36.0% improvement in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores compared with that in the baseline (P < 0.0001); 13 (65%) of 20 patients met response criteria, and 11 (55%) of 20 met remission criteria. Patients achieved reorientation (4 of 5 items) in 4.4 ± 3.0 minutes (median, 4.5 minutes), timed from eyes opening. There was no deterioration in neuropsychological measures. Conclusions: These findings provide further support for the safety and efficacy of FEAST. The remission and response rateswere in the range found using conventional ECT, and the time to reorientation may be quicker. However, without a randomized comparison group, conclusions are tentative.
Efficacy and tolerability of buccal buprenorphine in opioid-experienced patients with moderate to severe chronic low back pain: Results of a phase 3, enriched enrollment, randomized withdrawal study$$$ A buccal film of buprenorphine (BBUP) was evaluated for safety and efficacy in a multicenter, double-blind, placebo-controlled, enriched-enrollment, randomized-withdrawal study in opioid-experienced patients (30 to ≤160 mg/d morphine sulfate equivalent) with moderate to severe chronic low back pain taking around-the-clock opioid analgesics. Patients' opioid doses were tapered to ≤30 mg morphine sulfate equivalent before open-label titration with BBUP (range, 150-900 mg every 12 hours). Patients who responded (received adequate analgesia that was generally well tolerated for 14 days) were randomized to receive buprenorphine (n = 254) or placebo (n = 257) buccal film. The primary efficacy variable was the change from baseline to week 12 of double-blind treatment in mean average daily pain-intensity scores using a rating scale of 0 (no pain) to 10 (worst pain imaginable). In the intent-totreat population, mean pain scores were 6.7 after opioid taper and declined to 2.8 after the BBUP titration period. After randomization, mean pain scores were lower in the BBUP group than in the placebo group; the difference between groups in the mean change from baseline to week 12 was 20.98 (95% CI, -1.32 to -0.64; P < 0.001). A significantly larger percentage of patients receiving BBUP than placebo had pain reductions ≥30% and ≥50% (P<0.001 for both). In the double-blind portion of the study, the only adverse event reported more frequently with BBUP than placebo and in ≥5% of patients was vomiting (5.5% vs 2.3%). These findings demonstrate the efficacy and tolerability of BBUP in opioid-experienced patients taking around-the-clock opioid treatment for chronic low back pain.
Slow-frequency pulsed transcranial electrical stimulation for modulation of cortical plasticity based on reciprocity targeting with precision electrical head modeling$$$ In pain management as well as other clinical applications of neuromodulation, it is important to consider the timing parameters influencing activity-dependent plasticity, including pulsed versus sustained currents, as well as the spatial action of electrical currents as they polarize the complex convolutions of the cortical mantle. These factors are of course related; studying temporal factors is not possible when the spatial resolution of current delivery to the cortex is so uncertain to make it unclear whether excitability is increased or decreased with anodal vs. cathodal current flow. In the present study we attempted to improve the targeting of specific cortical locations by applying current through flexible source-sink configurations of 256 electrodes in a geodesic array. We constructed a precision electric head model for 12 healthy individuals. Extraction of the individual’s cortical surface allowed computation of the component of the induced current that is normal to the target cortical surface. In an effort to replicate the long-term depression (LTD) induced with pulsed protocols in invasive animal research and transcranial magnetic stimulation studies, we applied 100 ms pulses at 1.9 s intervals either in cortical-surface-anodal or cortical-surface-cathodal directions, with a placebo (sham) control. The results showed significant LTD of the motor evoked potential as a result of the cortical-surface-cathodal pulses in contrast to the placebo control, with a smaller but similar LTD effect for anodal pulses. The cathodal LTD after-effect was sustained over 90 min following current injection. These results support the feasibility of pulsed protocols with low total charge in non-invasive neuromodulation when the precision of targeting is improved with a dense electrode array and accurate head modeling.
Accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation treatment in medication-resistant major depression: A fast road to remission?$$$ Although accelerated repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) paradigms and intermittent Theta-burst Stimulation (iTBS) may have the potency to result in superior clinical outcomes in Treatment Resistant Depression (TRD), accelerated iTBS treatment has not yet been studied. In this registered randomized double-blind sham-controlled crossover study, spread over four successive days, 50 TRD patients received 20 iTBS sessions applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The accelerated iTBS treatment procedure was found to be safe and resulted in immediate statistically significant decreases in depressive symptoms regardless of order/type of stimulation (real/sham). While only 28% of the patients showed a 50% reduction of their initial Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score at the end of the two-week procedure, this response rate increased to 38% when assessed two weeks after the end of the sham-controlled iTBS protocol, indicating delayed clinical effects. Importantly, 30% of the responders were considered in clinical remission. We found no demographic predictors for response. Our findings indicate that only four days of accelerated iTBS treatment applied to the left DLPFC in TRD may lead to meaningful clinical responses within two weeks post stimulation.
An Individualized Approach to Treatment-Resistant Bipolar Disorder: A Case Series$$$ Context Treatment-resistant bipolar disorder (TRBD) is an increasingly prevalent, debilitating condition with substandard treatment outcomes. Polypharmacy has become the mainstay among practitioners though long-term efficacy of this method has not been adequately tested. Objective Determine retrospectively if individualized, integrative treatment strategies applied while withdrawing pharmaceuticals were beneficial and safe among a TRBD clinic population. Design A chart review was performed for six adult patients, treated in a private psychiatric practice. Data were collected regarding psychiatric diagnosis, hospitalizations, medications, side effects, substance abuse, and applied treatments. Results Using individualized, integrative psychiatric treatment methods, the majority of medications were eliminated. Long-term remission was attained in all cases, defined as clinical stability with no discernable symptoms of bipolar disorder for at least one year. Conclusions Applying an integrative treatment approach, and eliminating most medications, provided lasting resolution of symptoms and side effects in a selected sample of TRBD outpatients. These data may provide the basis for future randomized, controlled trials.
Chronic migraine: Risk factors, mechanisms and treatment$$$ Chronic migraine has a great detrimental influence on a patient's life, with a severe impact on socioeconomic functioning and quality of life. Chronic migraine affects 1-2% of the general population, and about 8% of patients with migraine; it usually develops from episodic migraine at an annual conversion rate of about 3%. The chronification is reversible: about 26% of patients with chronic migraine go into remission within 2 years of chronification. The most important modifiable risk factors for chronic migraine include overuse of acute migraine medication, ineffective acute treatment, obesity, depression and stressful life events. Moreover, age, female sex and low educational status increase the risk of chronic migraine. The pathophysiology of migraine chronification can be understood as a threshold problem: certain predisposing factors, combined with frequent headache pain, lower the threshold of migraine attacks, thereby increasing the risk of chronic migraine. Treatment options include oral medications, nerve blockade with local anaesthetics or corticoids, and neuromodulation. Well-defined diagnostic criteria are crucial for the identification of chronic migraine. The International Headache Society classification of chronic migraine was recently updated, and now allows co-diagnosis of chronic migraine and medication overuse headache. This Review provides an up-to-date overview of the classification of chronic migraine, basic mechanisms and risk factors of migraine chronification, and the currently established treatment options.
KETAMINE FOR TREATMENT-RESISTANT UNIPOLAR AND BIPOLAR MAJOR DEPRESSION: CRITICAL REVIEW AND IMPLICATIONS FOR CLINICAL PRACTICE$$$ There is an urgent need for more rapidly effective pharmacotherapies for major depressive disorder and bipolar disorder (BP) that are efficacious and tolerable for depressed patients who respond poorly to conventional treatments. Multiple controlled trials have now demonstrated a rapid, nonsustained antidepressive response to a single intravenous infusion of ketamine. Early controlled studies of intranasal or serial infusion therapy appear promising. The effective dose for depression is lower than the typical anesthetic doses, and side-effects are generally mild and transient. The data investigating the adjunctive use of concurrent ketamine in the course of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depression do not suggest efficacy or tolerability. The therapeutic potential of ketamine has stimulated considerable excitement among clinicians, patients, and industry, and has led to the increasing use of ketamine as an off-label substitute for ECT and other antidepressive treatments. This clinical review of ketamine will assess the evidence-based use of ketamine and initial clinical implications of further development of a potentially novel treatment for rapid reduction of symptoms in depressed patients.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) as treatment of chronic drug-resistant neuropathic pain in bladder pain syndrome: Preliminary data$$$ Hypothesis / aims of study Chronic pelvic pain associated to the Bladder Pain Syndrome (BPS) is a typical example of neuropathic pain, involving peripheral and central mechanisms of sensitization. Cortical stimulation has emerged as a novel approaches for pain relief. Specifically, a non-surgical technique modulating cortical excitability and inhibiting pain perception is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the motor cortical areas. The H-coil can therefore be used to stimulate the motor cortex concerning the pelvic area, a region that lied deep in medial motor area sections folding into the brain medial longitudinal fissure. To date, no studies have used rTMS with an H-coil to stimulate the motor cortex as therapy for resistant neuropathic pain in BPS patients. In the present pilot study, we investigated whether modulation of excitability of the motor cortex with rTMS in patients with BPS could result in modifications of neuropathic pain and urinary disturbances. Study design, materials and methods Eight patients with BPS were enrolled. All patients were resistant to standard therapies for neuropathic pain taken for at least six months. The patients received two weeks of rTMS sessions, with three week-break between the two weeks of treatment. Standard TMS coils (such as the figure-of-8 coil) permit to stimulate only superficial cortical regions of the human brain. A newer cooled coil, the Hesed (H)-coil allows deep brain stimulation without significantly increasing fields induced in superficial cortical regions. In each patient, the rTMS sessions were delivered with a H-coil for 5 consecutive days, lasting 20 minutes and consisting of 30 consecutive trains of 50 stimuli delivered at 20 Hz, at 100% of resting motor threshold, separated by intertrain intervals lasting 30 s. The patient's clinical condition was evaluated before treatment began, immediately after it ended, 3 weeks later, and every 3 weeks in a follow up lasting 126 days (18 weeks). At baseline patients was submitted to DN4 and sensitization scale. At various time-points, all patients underwent to the following assessments: Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) for pain and Neuropathic Pain Symptom Inventory (NPSI) to assess changes in pain; Overactive Bladder Questionnaire (OABq), O'Leary Sant questionnaire and post-voiding bladder ultrasound to assess changes in urinary disturbances; Short Form-36 Health Survey (SF-36) and Beck depression inventory (BDI) to evaluate changes in the quality of life. The Minnesota Multiphasic Personality Inventory (MMPI) and a urodynamic examination with cystoscopy were performed at baseline, at the end of the two rTMS sessions and three months later. Data were analyzed using the one way ANOVA and Fisher post hoc test. Results Eight women were enrolled (mean+SD: 55.5+10 years). The delay between the onset of symptoms and the inclusion in the study was 18+9.5 years. At the enrollment, the DN4 was 5.28+1.38 and the sensitization scale score was 66.4+20. The bladder residue significantly improved after the rTMS (F=2.43; p=0.02). The OABq score reduced significantly after the rTMS (F=1.36; p=0.05). Also the NPSI score reduced after the rTMS (F=1.62; p=0.05). The BDI score did not change significantly. The effect on the OABq and the NPSI tests persisted at least for 3 weeks. Interpretation of results The preliminary results of this pilot study show that the rTMS of the brain motor cortex related to the pelvic area changes both the subjective perception of the pain and the objective measurement of bladder voiding. In a previous study the efficacy of rTMS on chronic drug-resistant neuropathic pain associated to other syndromes was already demonstrated (Onesti E et al, 2013, Khedr EM et al 2005). Our results are consistent with recent characterization of brain white matter micro structural abnormalities in women with BPS, suggesting a brain neuropathological contribution to chronic pelvic pain “1-2”. In our research, a placebo effect could be ruled out because a long latency between the treatment and the effects was demonstrated, such as previously evidenced “3”. Also the frequency, urgency and incontinence symptoms, such as reported in OABq, improved. Moreover, the depression did not improved before the changes in painful and urinary parameters, meaning that the change of psychic disease did not cause the clinical improvement reported. Concluding message Deep H-coil rTMS applied to the motor cortex could be provide pain and urinary disturbances relief in patients with BPS. The interpretation of this results is limited by the small sample size, and more data are certainly need to confirm this preliminary report and to better understand the mechanisms by which rTMS may modulate pain and urinary disturbances in BPS patients.
The effects of add-on non-invasive brain stimulation in fibromyalgia: A meta-analysis and meta-regression of randomized controlled trials$$$ Objectives. The effects of non-invasive brain stimulation (NBS), including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS), in treating FM remain inconclusive. The aim of this study was to investigate present evidence of using NBS as an add-on treatment in treating FM. Methods. We conducted a database search of the Medline, Embase, PsycINFO and Cochrane Library electronic databases, from inception to July 2015, to analyse randomized controlled trials of NBS in treating FM. A total of 16 studies were included in the current meta-analysis. Results. The pooled mean effect sizes of the 16 included studies revealed significant favourable effects of NBS. The weighted mean effect size in reducing pain, depression, fatigue, sleep disturbance and tender points and improving general health/function were 0.667 (95% CI 0.446, 0.889), 0.322 (95% CI 0.140, 0.504), 0.511 (95% CI 0.247, 0.774), 0.682 (95% CI 0.350, 1.014), 0.867 (95% CI 0.310, 1.425) and 0.473 (95% CI 0.285, 0.661), respectively. rTMS stimulation yielded a greater effect size compared with that of TDCS (effect size 0.698 and 0.568, respectively; P<0.0001). The primary motor cortex (M1) stimulation yielded a subtle greater effect size in pain reduction compared with that of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (effect size 0.709 and 0.693, respectively; P<0.0001). No linear relationships were found between the effect sizes and treatment regimens and dose. Most of reported adverse effects were minor. Conclusions. Both rTMS and TDCS may be feasible and safe modalities for treating FM. The general effects of rTMS and TDCS are compatible in FM patients. M1 stimulation may be better in pain reduction and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may be better in depression improvement.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in chronic tinnitus treatment: Case study$$$ Introduction: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation-tDCS, a therapeutic modality that has shown efficacy in the treatment of tinnitus, uses different parameters in regard to stimulation. Although, the current polarity (anodic or cathodic) still little studied. Objective: To acknowledge the current polarity most effective in reducing the discomfort caused by the symptoms. Resumed Report: Case study, double-blind of a 23 years old patient with bilateral tinnitus, who has been presenting the symptoms for 5 months. Subsequently, she presented cases of anxiety, and depression with suicidal thoughts. tDCSwas applied for five consecutive days, current of 2mA, 20 minutes, in the temporoparietal left area, and right prefrontal cortex. The current polarities or sham were randomized ratio of 1: 1: 1. The patient received active tDCS (anodic or cathodic) and was assessed before and after each intervention by acuphenometry and Visual Analogue Scale-VAS. Observed in the first day, 23 dB intensity in the right ear, and 25 dB on the left, both in the frequency of 8000 Hz, and sound type narrow band noise. Among the sessions, the intensity varied on average 12.5 dB in the right ear and 8 dB on the left. The reduction of tinnitus was higher in cathodic tDCS (2nd, and 3rd day). The type of sound changed to continuous (2n day). The patient also reported discomfort level, VAS 8 on the first day, and VAS 5 in the last day. Conclusion: tDCS appeared to be promising in the treatment of tinnitus, most effective with cathodic polarity.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with quetiapine in treating bipolar II depression: a randomized, double-blinded, control study$$$ The clinical and cognitive responses to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in bipolar II depressed patients remain unclear. In this study, thirty-eight bipolar II depressed patients were randomly assigned into three groups: (i) left high-frequency (n = 12), (ii) right low-frequency (n = 13), (iii) sham stimulation (n = 13), and underwent four-week rTMS with quetiapine concomitantly. Clinical efficacy was evaluated at baseline and weekly intervals using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Cognitive functioning was assessed before and after the study with the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST), Stroop Word-Color Interference Test (Stroop), and Trail Making Test (TMT). Thirty-five patients were included in the final analysis. Overall, the mean scores of both the HDRS-17 and the MADRS significantly decreased over the 4-week trial, which did not differ among the three groups. Exploratory analyses revealed no differences in factor scores of HDRS-17s, or in response or remission rates. Scores of WCST, Stroop, or TMT did not differ across the three groups. These findings indicated active rTMS combined with quetiapine was not superior to quetiapine monotherapy in improving depressive symptoms or cognitive performance in patients with bipolar II depression.
Adjunctive Electroconvulsive Therapy for Schizophrenia: A Meta-analysis of Randomized Rater-Masked Controlled Trials$$$ OBJECTIVE: The aim of the study was to examine published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) for the efficacy and safety of adjunctive electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) when combined with antipsychotics (APs) versus AP therapy for schizophrenia and related disorders during the acute phase. METHODS: Two evaluators independently selected studies, extracted data, and conducted quality assessment and data synthesis. Standardized and weighted mean differences (SMD/WMD), risk ratio (RR) ±95% confidence intervals (CIs), number needed to treat (NNT), and number needed to harm (NNH) were calculated. RESULTS: Twenty-two RCTs (n = 1365, age = 36.9 years, male = 53%), including double-blind (8 RCTs) and rater-masked (14 RCTs) designs, were identified and analyzed. Adjunctive ECT was superior to AP therapy regarding (1) symptomatic improvement at last-observation endpoint (standardized mean difference, −0.67; P < 0.00001; I = 79%); (2) study-defined response (RR = 1.81, I = 0%, P < 0.00001, NNT = 4) and remission (RR = 2.05, I = 0%, P = 0.0004, NNT = 13); and (3) positive, negative, and general psychopathology subscores (weighted mean difference, −4.01 to −1.79; P = 0.005-0.0001). Results were similar in all preplanned subgroup analyses including Chinese (11 RCTs) versus non-Chinese (7 RCTs) origin, those with a Jadad score 3 or higher (12 RCTs) versus lower than 3 (6 RCTs), and those with clozapine (5 RCTs) versus those with non-clozapine treatments (13 RCTs). Compared with AP therapy, adjunctive ECT AP was significantly associated with more headache (RR = 2.72, P = 0.04, NNH = 5) and memory impairment (RR = 14.24, P = 0.01, NNH = 7). CONCLUSIONS: Adjunctive ECT seems to be an effective and safe option for schizophrenia and related disorders during acute phases but was associated with transient memory impairment and headaches.
Electroconvulsive therapy for post-traumatic stress disorder: efficacy, mechanisms and a hypothesis for new directions$$$ A small body of literature suggests that posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) may respond to ECT. Laboratory research has identified changes in the amygdala, hippocampus and prefrontal cortex that might explain the treatment response. One randomized controlled trial in depressed patients in a laboratory setting demonstrated the use of ECT to impair reconsolidation of reactivated, emotionally-aversive test memories. It can therefore be hypothesized that ECT may be more effective in patients with PTSD if the trauma memories are deliberately recalled immediately before each ECT session. This hypothesis has received preliminary support in a single case report and may be worthy of formal study in carefully designed clinical trials. Practical challenges are discussed.
A negative double-blind controlled trial of sequential bilateral rTMS in the treatment of bipolar depression$$$ Background/Objective To explore the therapeutic benefit of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of bipolar depression. Method A 2 arm randomized controlled parallel design trial comparing the use of active sequential bilateral rTMS to a sham form of stimulation in 49 patients with bipolar disorder and treatment resistant depression. Results There was no significant difference in mean reduction in depression rating scale scores or response rates between active and sham stimulation. Limitations The study was of limited sample size and the use of bilateral rTMS limited generalizability to other forms of rTMS. Conclusions This study provides no support to the use of active sequential bilateral rTMS in the treatment of the depressive phase of bipolar affective disorder. Although this result is not definitive, we suggest that future research may be better focused on trials evaluating the use of unilateral types of rTMS.
Randomized Single Blind Sham Controlled Trial of Adjunctive Home-Based tDCS after rTMS for Mal De Debarquement Syndrome: Safety, Efficacy, and Participant Satisfaction Assessment$$$ Background Mal de debarquement syndrome is a medically refractory disorder characterized by chronic rocking dizziness that occurs after exposure to passive motion. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can acutely suppress the rocking dizziness but treatment options that extend the benefit of rTMS are needed. Objectives 1) To determine whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) added after rTMS can extend the benefit of rTMS; 2) to determine whether participants can safely perform tDCS at home. Methods Participants were given five days of rTMS (1 Hz right DLPFC/10 Hz left DLPFC in right-handers, vice versa in left-handers), according to a previously piloted protocol. They received three days of training on tDCS self-administration and were then randomized to either real or sham tDCS for four-weeks (anode left DLPFC/cathode right DLPFC for right-handers, vice versa for left-handers). Results Twenty-three participants completed the study. Those who received real tDCS after rTMS showed significant improvements in the degree of rocking perception as measured by the MdDS Balance Rating Scale and anxiety ratings by Week 4 of tDCS and a trend for improvement on the Dizziness Handicap Inventory. Two rTMS non-responders responded well to subsequent open-label tDCS. Side effects were mild and not different between real and sham tDCS. There were no episodes of skin burns in a group total of 556 sessions of tDCS. Satisfaction was rated high. Conclusions Home-based tDCS can be performed safely and may be beneficial in selected individuals. Adequate teaching, automatic device safety features, and a good communications infrastructure are components of successful home therapy.
Effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on major depressive disorder in patients with Parkinson’s disease$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) occurs in a small proportion of patients with Parkinson’s disease (PD) and reduces their quality of life. We performed a randomized sham-controlled study to evaluate the effect of high-frequency (HF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on MDD in patients with PD. Ten patients participated to a real-rTMS group and eight patients to a sham-rTMS group. Evaluations were performed at baseline, 2 and 6 weeks after rTMS treatment. All participants underwent examinations of depression rating scales, including the Hamilton Rating Scale, the Montgomery–Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the motor part of the Unified Parkinson Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS-III). The real-rTMS group had improved scores on HRS and the MADRS after 10 sessions, and these beneficial effects persisted for 6 weeks after the initial session. The BDI score did not change immediately after the sessions. The sham-rTMS group had no significant changes in any of the depression rating scales. The UPDRS-III did not change in either group. HF-rTMS of the left DLPFC is an effective treatment for MDD in patients with PD.
A randomised study comparing the effectiveness of acupuncture or morphine versus the combination for the relief of dyspnoea in patients with advanced non-small cell lung cancer and mesothelioma$$$ Background Dyspnoea is one of the commonest symptoms of lung cancer. Opioids can reduce dyspnoea. This study investigates acupuncture for relief of breathlessness in lung cancer. Methods We performed a single-centre, randomised phase II study of 173 patients with non-small cell lung cancer or mesothelioma with dyspnoea score of ≥4 on visual analogue scale (VAS). Randomisation was to acupuncture alone (A), morphine alone (M) or both (AM). Acupuncture was administered at upper sternal, thoracic paravertebral, trapezius trigger points and LI4. Manubrial semi-permanent acupuncture studs were inserted and massaged when symptomatic. Arm A patients received rescue morphine. Primary end-point was proportion of patients achieving ≥1.5 improvement in VAS dyspnoea at 4 h. Measurements continued to day 14 and included VAS relaxation, line analogue rating (Lar) anxiety, hospital anxiety and depression and European Organisation for Research and Treatment of Cancer quality-of-life scores. Results Dyspnoea VAS improved ≥1.5 in 74%, 60% and 66% of arms A, M and AM, respectively, and was maintained in 45% at 2 weeks. There was no statistically significant difference between arms. VAS relaxation improved in arms A (1.06 points) and AM (1.48 points) compared to arm M (-0.19 points < 0.001). At 7 d, the Lar anxiety score improved in arm A (1.5 points), arm AM (1.2 points) and arm M (no change = 0.003). Fewer patients received at least one morphine dose in arm A compared with arm M or AM (21% versus 87% versus 87%, respectively < 0.001). Conclusions A, M and AM were effective in relieving dyspnoea. Acupuncture relieved anxiety and was morphine sparingroviding an alternative to morphine.
Placebo-controlled pilot trial testing dose titration and intravenous, intramuscular and subcutaneous routes for ketamine in depression$$$ Objective: This pilot study assessed the feasibility, efficacy and safety of an individual dose-titration approach, and of the intravenous (IV), intramuscular (IM) and subcutaneous (SC) routes for treating depression with ketamine. Method: Fifteen treatment-refractory depressed participants received ketamine or midazolam (control treatment) in a multiple crossover, double-blind study. Ketamine was administered by IV (n = 4), IM (n = 5) or SC (n = 6) injection. Dose titration commenced at 0.1 mg/kg, increasing by 0.1 mg/kg up to 0.5 mg/kg, given in separate treatment sessions separated by ≥1 week, with one placebo control treatment randomly inserted. Mood, psychotomimetic and hemodynamic effects were assessed and plasma ketamine concentrations assayed. Results: Twelve participants achieved response and remission criteria, achieved at doses as low as 0.1 mg/kg. All three routes of administration resulted in comparable antidepressant effects. Fewest adverse effects were noted with the SC route. Antidepressant response, adverse effects and ketamine concentrations were dose-related. Conclusion: Antidepressant response occurred at a range of doses and at <0.5 mg/kg. The dose-titration approach is a practical method for optimizing the efficacy – side-effects trade-off on an individual patient basis. This pilot study provides preliminary evidence for SC injection as a practical, feasible and efficacious treatment approach.
Unilateral and bilateral MRI-targeted repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatmentresistant depression: A randomized controlled study$$$ Background: Several factors may mitigate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over sham rTMS in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). These factors include unilateral stimulation (i.e., treatment of only the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex [DLPFC]), suboptimal methods of targeting the DLPFC and insufficient stimulation intensity (based on coil-to-cortex distance). Methods: We recruited patients with TRD between the ages of 18 and 85 years from a university hospital, and participants were randomized to receive sequential bilateral rTMS (600 pulses at 1 Hz followed by 1500 pulses at 10 Hz), unilateral high-frequency left (HFL)-rTMS (2100 pulses at 10 Hz) or sham rTMS for 3 or 6 weeks depending on treatment response. Stimulation was targeted with MRI localization over the junction of the middle and anterior thirds of the middle frontal gyrus, using 120% of the coil-to-cortex adjusted motor threshold. Our primary outcome of interest was the remission rate. Results: A total of 121 patients participated in this study. The remission rate was significantly higher in the bilateral group than the sham group. The remission rate in the HFL-rTMS group was intermediate and did not differ statistically from the rate in the 2 other groups. There were no significant differences in reduction of depression scores among the 3 groups. Limitations: The number of pulses used per session in the unilateral group was somewhat lower in our trial than in more recent trials, and the sham condition did not involve active stimulation. Conclusion: Our findings suggest that sequential bilateral rTMS is superior to sham rTMS; however, adjusting for coil-to-cortex distance did not yield enhanced efficacy rates.
Florida best practice psychotherapeutic medication guidelines for adults with bipolar disorder: A novel, practical, patient-centered guide for clinicians$$$ Objective: This report describes the 2014 update of the Florida Best Practice Psychotherapeutic Medication Guidelines for Adults With Bipolar Disorder, intended to provide frontline clinicians with a simple, evidence-based approach to treatments for 3 phases of bipolar disorder: Acute depression, acute mania, and maintenance. Participants: The consensus meeting included representatives from the Florida Agency for Health Care Administration, pharmacists, health care policy experts, mental health clinicians, and experts in bipolar disorder. The effort was funded by the Florida Agency for Health Care Administration. Evidence: The available published and nonpublished data from trials in the treatment of bipolar I disorder were reviewed. Evidence for efficacy and harm from replicated randomized clinical trials, systematic reviews and metaanalyses, or non-replicated randomized clinical trials was included. No recommendations were made with evidence from other sources. Consensus Process: Decisions regarding the structure of the guidelines were made during a stakeholder meeting in Tampa, Florida, on September 20 and 21, 2013. Better proven and safer/more efficacious treatments were to be utilized before using those with less evidence and/or greater risk. Safety and risk of harm were balanced against potential benefit. Lower-quality evidence was recommended only if higherlevel treatments were found to be ineffective or not tolerated, because of patient preference, or because of past treatment success. While respecting patient and clinician choice, the guidelines are structured to encourage evidence-based, safe prescribing first. Conclusions: This iteration of the Florida guidelines for the treatment of bipolar disorder is a practical, simple, patientfocused guide to treatment for acute mania and acute bipolar depression and maintenance treatment that considers safety and harm in the hierarchy of treatment choices. While using strict evidence-based criteria for inclusion in recommendations, it eliminates expert opinion as a level of evidence while respecting clinician and patient choice in treatment decision-making.
Suicide prevention strategies revisited: 10-year systematic review$$$ Background Many countries are developing suicide prevention strategies for which up-to-date, high-quality evidence is required. We present updated evidence for the effectiveness of suicide prevention interventions since 2005. Methods We searched PubMed and the Cochrane Library using multiple terms related to suicide prevention for studies published between Jan 1, 2005, and Dec 31, 2014. We assessed seven interventions: public and physician education, media strategies, screening, restricting access to suicide means, treatments, and internet or hotline support. Data were extracted on primary outcomes of interest, namely suicidal behaviour (suicide, attempt, or ideation), and intermediate or secondary outcomes (treatment-seeking, identification of at-risk individuals, antidepressant prescription or use rates, or referrals). 18 suicide prevention experts from 13 European countries reviewed all articles and rated the strength of evidence using the Oxford criteria. Because the heterogeneity of populations and methodology did not permit formal meta-analysis, we present a narrative analysis. Findings We identified 1797 studies, including 23 systematic reviews, 12 meta-analyses, 40 randomised controlled trials (RCTs), 67 cohort trials, and 22 ecological or population-based investigations. Evidence for restricting access to lethal means in prevention of suicide has strengthened since 2005, especially with regard to control of analgesics (overall decrease of 43% since 2005) and hot-spots for suicide by jumping (reduction of 86% since 2005, 79% to 91%). School-based awareness programmes have been shown to reduce suicide attempts (odds ratio [OR] 0·45, 95% CI 0·24–0·85; p=0·014) and suicidal ideation (0·5, 0·27–0·92; p=0·025). The anti-suicidal effects of clozapine and lithium have been substantiated, but might be less specific than previously thought. Effective pharmacological and psychological treatments of depression are important in prevention. Insufficient evidence exists to assess the possible benefits for suicide prevention of screening in primary care, in general public education and media guidelines. Other approaches that need further investigation include gatekeeper training, education of physicians, and internet and helpline support. The paucity of RCTs is a major limitation in the evaluation of preventive interventions. Interpretation In the quest for effective suicide prevention initiatives, no single strategy clearly stands above the others. Combinations of evidence-based strategies at the individual level and the population level should be assessed with robust research designs. Funding The Expert Platform on Mental Health, Focus on Depression, and the European College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
Transcranial direct current stimulation to the left parietal lobe combined with training improves naming and digit span in people with dementia$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been used to treat a wide variety of ailments: e.g. Depression, Stroke, and Parkinson's disease. We examined how transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) could help improve naming abilities in people living with dementia (Alzheimer's and frontotemporal). Methods:Eight participants, in a cross-over double-blind study, were trained on picture naming over a series of sessions that included either an initial 30 minutes of anodal (2 mA) tDCS stimulation to the parietal lobe (P3), or sham stimulation. Evaluation involved a set of naming and cognitive-based tasks before stimulation, on the final stimulation session, and two weeks post-stimulation. Training effects were examined by evaluating participants'ability to name images from two lists matched for familiarity, but having only one of these lists trained during the stimulation sessions. Results:We found participants receiving real anodal parietal tDCS stimulation improved twice as much as when these same participants received sham tDCS. Furthermore, these participants showed a small increase for untrained items and digit span when they received real stimulation, but a decrease when sham stimulation was received. Conclusions: Therefore, tDCS stimulation has promise as a treatment for people with dementia who suffer from anomia, and stimulation alone could generalize to other maintained or improved abilities. (Figure Presented).
Double-Blind Sham-Controlled Crossover Trial of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Mal de Debarquement Syndrome$$$ OBJECTIVE: To determine whether the chronic rocking dizziness that occurs in Mal de Debarquement Syndrome (MdDS) can be suppressed with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) beyond the treatment period.
Ventrolateral prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depersonalization disorder: A consecutive case series$$$ Case reports and an open trial have reported promising responses to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to prefrontal and temporo-parietal sites in patients with depersonalization disorder (DPD). We recently showed that a single session of rTMS to the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex (VLPFC) was associated with a reduction in symptoms and increase in physiological arousal. Seven patients with medication-resistant DSM-IV DPD received up to 20 sessions of right-sided rTMS to the VLPFC for 10 weeks. Stimulation was guided using neuronavigation software based on participants' individual structural MRIs, and delivered at 110% of resting motor threshold. A session consisted of 1 Hz repetitive TMS for 15 min. The primary outcome measure was reduction in depersonalization symptoms on the Cambridge Depersonalization Scale (CDS). Secondary outcomes included scores on the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI). 20 sessions of rTMS treatment to right VLPFC significantly reduced scores on the CDS by on average 44% (range 2-83.5%). Two patients could be classified as "full responders", four as "partial" and one a non-responder. Response usually occurred within the first 6 sessions. There were no significant adverse events. A randomized controlled clinical trial of VLPFC rTMS for DPD is warranted.
Electrophysiological correlates of bilateral and unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with bipolar depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been demonstrated to have efficacy in the treatment of unipolar depression but limited research has explored the efficacy of rTMS in bipolar depression. Therefore, we conducted a comparative clinical trial evaluating clinical responses to prefrontal bilateral and unilateral rTMS in patients suffering from bipolar depression. We hypothesized that, 1) the response to the treatment would be associated with a decrease in the frequency of beta waves, 2) bilateral stimulation of the cortex would bring about more extensive changes in brain activity than unilateral stimulation, and 3) bilateral stimulation is more effective than unilateral. Thirty patients with bipolar depression were divided into two groups. Bilateral Group (n=15) who received rTMS in the left DLPFC (10 Hz) and right DLPFC (1-Hz), and unilateral group (n=15) who received the stimulation only in the right DLPFC (1-Hz) during 20 treatment sessions. The proportion of responders in the bilateral stimulation group was significantly higher than that in the unilateral group [80% versus 47%]. The remission rate was 40% in the bilateral group and 40% in the unilateral group (not significant). In the responders to bilateral rTMS treatment, a significant reduction of alpha1-2, beta 1-3, and gamma frequencies were observed in medial and superior frontal and cingulate gyrus Responders to the unilateral treatment showed decrease of gamma frequency in postcentral gyrus, precuneus, superior and inferior parietal lobule, Cuneus and angular gyrus. In conclusion, we found that bilateral stimulation was more effective than the unilateral stimulation and evidence that beta frequency activity could possibly be used as a marker for response to rTMS.
Seizure adequacy markers and the prediction of electroconvulsive therapy response$$$ Objectives: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective therapy for patients with treatment-resistant depression; however, some patients do not respond or relapse in a short time. Electroconvulsive therapy stimulus parameters may be related to the outcome. We carried out a retrospective study review to investigate various ECT parameters in relation to the outcome, clinical variables, and pharmacological treatments. Our aim was to understand which factors could be considered putative seizure quality markers and which are relevant to clinical practice. Methods: Two physicians evaluated the seizure length, the postictal suppression index, the wave amplitude, tachycardia, and hemispheric brain wave synchronicity in a double-blind manner for 45 treatment-resistant depression patients receiving ECT. Results: The analysis showed a significant association between the outcome and the ECT seizure quality measured by the parameters (P = 9.9 × 10-5). Among patients with poor-quality seizures, 61.5% relapsed after approximately 1month fromthe last ECT session. Particularly, there was an association between higher symptomatology decrease and higher quality of hemispheric brain wave synchronicity (P = 5.0 × 10-6), as well as a higher wave amplitude (P = 0.01). Conclusions: Our results confirm that ECT seizure quality was strongly correlated with the decrease of depressive symptomatology.
Early complete remitters after electroconvulsive therapy profile and prognosis$$$ Objective: To investigate the prevalence, characteristics, and prognosis of depressive patientswho showearly complete remission after right unilateral (ultra)brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: Early complete remitters (ECRs) were those patients whowere rated 1 on the Clinical Global Impression Scale (maximum score, 7) within 4 ECT sessions and achieved remission (Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale score, <10). The ECRs were compared with late complete remitters (LCRs), which fulfilled the same criteria after 9 to 12 ECT sessions and with the nonremitters/nonresponders (NRs). Results: Of the 87 patients who completed the index treatment phase, 50 (57.5%) achieved remission.Of these remitters, 12 (14%)were ECRs and 9 (10%) were LCRs. The ECRs were characterized by a higher mean age (71.0 vs 53.9 years; P = 0.008), a shorter current depressive episode (mean, 5.8 vs 15.4months; P = 0.042), andmore psychotic features (75%vs 22%; P = 0.030) and were treated more often with brief pulse ECT (P = 0.030) compared with the LCRs. Although not significant, cognitive performances of ECRs were lower than that of LCRs at baseline with a large effect size: Autobiographical Memory Interview (P = 0.099; d = 0.83), AmsterdamMedia Questionnaire (P = 0.114;d = 0.84), and Letter fluency (P = 0.071; d = 0.95). The ECR group had a lower relapse rate during 6 months' follow-up: 10% (1 of 10) versus 62.5% (5 of 8) (P = 0.043). No significant differences in demographic and clinical characteristics were found between LCRs (n = 9) and NRs (n = 27). Conclusions: Older patients with a psychotic depression and a profile of cognitive slowing have a high chance of achieving complete remission within 4 ECT sessions, with a favorable 6-month prognosis.
Add-on deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (dTMS) for the treatment of chronic migraine: A preliminary study$$$ Introduction Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (dTMS) can be an alternative treatment to relieve pain in chronic migraine (CM). The aim of this study was to evaluate the effect of high-frequency dTMS in add-on to standard treatment for CM in patients not responding to effective abortive or preventive drug treatment. Methods We randomized 14 patients with International Classification of Headache Disorders, 3rd Edition (ICHD-3) treatment-resistant CM to add-on dTMS (n = 7) or standard abortive or preventive antimigraine treatment (n = 7). Three sessions of alternate day 10 Hz dTMS consisting of 600 pulses in 10 trains were delivered to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), bilaterally, but with left hemisphere prevalence, for 12 sessions spread over one month. Results The add-on dTMS treatment was well tolerated. Patients treated with dTMS showed significant reduction of pain intensity, frequency of attacks, analgesic overuse, and depressive symptoms during treatment and one month later, compared to the month preceding treatment and at the same time-points compared to the control group. Conclusions As compared to standard pharmacological treatment alone, add-on high-frequency dTMS of the bilateral DLPFC reduced the frequency and intensity of migraine attack, drug overuse, and depressive symptoms. This study supports the add-on dTMS treatment in treatment-resistant CM.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve depression in Parkinson's disease: A Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Background: A recent evidence-based guideline demonstrated that bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the motor cortex (M1) can improve motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD). We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the impact of bilateral M1 rTMS on depression in PD. Methods: Forty-six patients with PD and mild-to-moderate depression were randomly assigned to active (n = 23) and sham (n = 23) rTMS. Two patients in the sham group did not complete the protocol because of reasons unrelated to the study. High-frequency rTMS was applied over the primary motor cortex bilaterally for 10 days. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), and 1 day (short-term effect) and 30 days after the treatment session ended (long-term effect). The primary end point was the changes in depression, while secondary end points included health-related quality of life scales and Movement Disorders Society-Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS). Results: In the actively treated group, not only did the severity of depression improve (from 17 to 7 points, Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale, median values, p < 0.001), but also the health-related quality of life (from 25.4 to 16.9 points, PDQ-39 summary index, median values, p < 0.001). Besides, we could also demonstrate an improvement in MDS-UPDRS Motor Examination (from 26 to 20 points, median values, p < 0.05). In the sham-treated group, none of the examined tests and scales improved significantly after treatment. Conclusions: Our results demonstrate the beneficial effects of high-frequency bilateral M1 rTMS on depression and health-related quality of life in PD. However, this effect of rTMS should also be confirmed in patients with severe depression by further clinical trials.
Interventions for adults with mild intellectual disabilities and mental ill-health: A systematic review$$$ Background: People with intellectual disabilities have very high rates of mental ill health. Standard psychosocial interventions designed for the general population may not be accessible for people with mild intellectual disabilities, and drug usage tends to be modified - 'start low and go slow'. This systematic review aims to synthesise the evidence on psychological, pharmacological and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) interventions for adults with mild intellectual disabilities and mental ill health. Method: PRISMA guidelines were followed. Medline, Embase, PsycINFO and CINAHL were searched, as was grey literature and reference lists of selected papers. Papers were selected based on pre-defined inclusion and exclusion criteria. A proportion of papers were double reviewed. Data was extracted using a structured table. Study registration: PROSPERO 2015:CRD42015015218. Results: Initially, 18949 records were identified. Sixteen studies were finally selected for inclusion; seven on psychological therapies, two on group exercise, five on antipsychotics and two on antidepressants. They do not provide definitive evidence for effectiveness of psychosocial interventions, nor address whether starting low and going slow is wise, or causes sub-optimum therapy. Conclusions: There are few evidence-based interventions for people with mild intellectual disabilities and mental ill-health; existing literature is limited in quantity and quality. Group cognitive-behavioural therapies have some supporting evidence - however, further randomised control trials are required, with longer-term follow-up, and larger sample sizes.
Better than treated as usual: Transcranial magnetic stimulation augmentation in selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor-refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder, mini-review and pilot open-label trial$$$ Objective: 1 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the supplementary motor area has been shown to be effective in a subset of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) subjects, yet these results are still to be confirmed. This preliminary study compares the efficacy of augmentation with 1 Hz rTMS over the supplementary motor area and the usual augmentation treatment (TAU; treated as usual) with antipsychotics in a sample of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI)-refractory OCD patients. Method: Fifty SSRI-refractory OCD patients consecutively admitted were studied: 25 were treated with a three-week trial of 1Hz, bilateral rTMS over the supplementary motor area and 25 with antipsychotic drugs. Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS; primary outcome measure), Hamilton Depression and Hamilton Anxiety scales were administered at first, second and third week of treatment. Results: Y-BOCS showed a statistically significant time effect from the baseline to the third week, with a 68% of responders (Y-BOCS score reduction of ≥ 25%), in comparison with 24.0% in the TAU group. In the rTMS group, 17.6% of patients achieved remission. Conclusions: 1 Hz rTMS over the supplementary motor area appeared to be effective in approximately 2/3 of SSRI-refractory OCD subjects, whereas in the TAU group only 1/4 of subjects were responders. The supplementary motor area might be a new target area to be further explored with neuromodulation for OCD treatment.
Evidence-based guidelines for treating bipolar disorder: Revised third edition recommendations from the British Association for Psychopharmacology$$$ The British Association for Psychopharmacology guidelines specify the scope and targets of treatment for bipolar disorder. The third version is based explicitly on the available evidence and presented, like previous Clinical Practice Guidelines, as recommendations to aid clinical decision making for practitioners: it may also serve as a source of information for patients and carers, and assist audit. The recommendations are presented together with a more detailed review of the corresponding evidence. A consensus meeting, involving experts in bipolar disorder and its treatment, reviewed key areas and considered the strength of evidence and clinical implications. The guidelines were drawn up after extensive feedback from these participants. The best evidence from randomized controlled trials and, where available, observational studies employing quasi-experimental designs was used to evaluate treatment options. The strength of recommendations has been described using the GRADE approach. The guidelines cover the diagnosis of bipolar disorder, clinical management, and strategies for the use of medicines in short-term treatment of episodes, relapse prevention and stopping treatment. The use of medication is integrated with a coherent approach to psychoeducation and behaviour change.
Ketamine for Treatment of Suicidal Ideation and Reduction of Risk for Suicidal Behavior$$$ Ketamine, an NMDA receptor antagonist with efficacy as a rapid anti-depressant, has early evidence for action to reduce suicidal ideation. This review will explore several important questions that arise from these studies. First, how do we measure reductions in suicidal ideation that occur over minutes to hours? Second, are the reductions in suicidal ideation after ketamine treatment solely a result of its rapid anti-depressant effect? Third, is ketamine only effective in reducing suicidal ideation in patients with mood disorders? Fourth, could ketamine’s action lead us to a greater understanding of the neurobiology of suicidal processes? Last, do the reductions in depression and suicidal ideation after ketamine treatment translate into decreased risk for suicidal behavior? Our review concludes that ketamine treatment can be seen as a double-edged sword, clinically to help provide treatment for acutely suicidal patients and experimentally to explore the neurobiological nature of suicidal ideation and suicidal behavior.
Scorpion Envenomation in Pregnancy$$$ Scorpion envenomation affects more than 1 million people every year and represents an important public health problem worldwide. The effects of envenomation range from localized pain and paresthesias to overactivation of the sympathetic nervous system, leading to neurotoxicity and even death. Of the individuals affected by scorpion envenomation, certain populations, such as young children and older adults, are at high risk for severe disease. Substantial literature exists on the management of envenomation in children; however, scant literature exists that addresses the same phenomenon in pregnant women. This review serves to identify the effects of scorpion envenomation on pregnant women and the treatment options available to them. After thorough review of the treatment modalities that are used to treat scorpion envenomation, we developed a treatment algorithm that may help guide the management of pregnant women who present with scorpion envenomation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for acute major depressive episodes: Meta-analysis of individual patient data$$$ Background Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a nonpharmacological intervention for depression. It has mixed results, possibly caused by study heterogeneity. Aims To assess tDCS efficacy and to explore individual response predictors. Method Systematic review and individual patient data meta-analysis. Results Data were gathered from six randomised sham-controlled trials, enrolling 289 patients. Active tDCS was significantly superior to sham for response (34% v. 19% respectively, odds ratio (OR) = 2.44, 95% CI 1.38-4.32, number needed to treat (NNT) = 7), remission (23.1% v. 12.7% respectively, OR = 2.38, 95% CI 1.22-4.64, NNT = 9) and depression improvement (B coefficient 0.35, 95% CI 0.12-0.57). Mixed-effects models showed that, after adjustment for other predictors and confounders, treatment-resistant depression and higher tDCS 'doses' were, respectively, negatively and positively associated with tDCS efficacy. Conclusions The effect size of tDCS treatment was comparable with those reported for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and antidepressant drug treatment in primary care. The most important parameters for optimisation in future trials are depression refractoriness and tDCS dose.
Ketamine enantiomers in the rapid and sustained antidepressant effects$$$ Recent evidence has suggested that the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist ketamine shows significant therapeutic effects in major depression and bipolar disorder. This effect is especially important in treatment-resistant depression and depression with suicidal ideation. In this review we explain the mechanism of action, drug efficacy, and the side effects of ketamine; the antidepressive effects of ketamine; the individual effects of ketamine isomers, R(–) ketamine and S(+) ketamine; the effects of the combination of ketamine with electroconvulsive therapy; and the possible use of ketamine in treating depression.
Consider second-generation antipsychotics for the management of mixed states in bipolar disorder$$$ The diagnosis and treatment of mixed states in bipolar disorder can be challenging. The mainstay of treatment is antipsychotic therapy (± a mood stabilizer), with second-generation antipsychotics emerging as the treatment of choice. When medication fails or cannot be used, electroconvulsive therapy may be effective.
Mindfulness for stress management - Results of a randomized controlled pilot trial of mindfulness stress-reduction-training (MST)$$$ Mindfulness-based interventions such as the Mindfulness-based Stress Reduction (MBSR) programme are increasingly applied to enhancing patients' stress management and problem solving skills, and to preventing and treating mental disorders. However, its generalisability to psychosocial counseling remains uncertain. The aim was to examine whether an abbreviated MBSR-based mindfulness stress-reductiontraining (MST) provided in a counseling context has a positive impact on mindfulness, quality of life, stress and depressive symptoms. The psychosocial counseling centre at the TU Chemnitz conducted a randomised-controlled pilot study (N = 28), comparing MST (6 weekly sessions at 2 hours) with a waiting-list control group before, after and 3 months after treatment. MST-participants displayed a higher quality of life, fewer dysfunctional and more functional stress management strategies and fewer depressive symptoms than control participants. The potential of MST could be realized successfully in a short, cost-effective version of the MBSR programme and achieve a positive impact on stress management, quality of life and depression. Providing MST in the context of treatment or (psychosocial) counseling may address shortages in health service provision.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for the treatment of post-stroke depression: Results from a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial$$$ Background: Post-stroke depression (PSD) is a disabling condition occurring in about one-third of stroke patients. Pharmacological treatments present limited efficacy and important side effects. Recently, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has shown efficacy in depression treatment. Objective: Our aim was to assess the efficacy and safety of tDCS for PSD. Method: Forty-eight antidepressantfree patients who developed PSD were randomized in two groups (active and sham tDCS). Twelve 30-minute sessions of 2-mA anodal left/cathodal right dorsolateral prefrontal tDCS were applied over 6 weeks (10 consecutive sessions once daily from Monday to Friday plus 2 extra sessions every other week). The primary outcome measure was the change in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale 17 items score at 6 weeks. Results: Active tDCS was significantly superior to sham at endpoint (mean difference, 4.7 points; 95% CI, 2.1 to 7.3; p<0.001), but not at weeks 2 and 4. Response and remission rates were also statistically higher in active (37.5% and 20.8%, respectively) versus sham (4.1% and 0) groups, with a number-needed-to-treat of 3 and 5, respectively. No serious adverse effects were reported and the frequency of common adverse effects was similar in both groups. Patients and raters were effectively blinded. Conclusions: This is the first controlled study demonstrating that tDCS was safe and effective for PSD. Therefore, tDCS might be an option for the treatment of these patients.
Efficacy and safety of intravenous low-dose ketamine for treatment refractory depression in a naturalistic cohort$$$ Original Research. Purpose: Several recent randomized controlled trials have shown rapid efficacy of intravenous (IV) lowdose (0.5 mg/kg) ketamine infusions for patients with treatment refractory depression (TRD). However, because these studies excluded patients with certain comorbid psychiatric conditions, suicide risk, and concomitant psychotropic medications, the extent to which the results generalize to a more typical TRD population is not known. To address this, we investigated the efficacy and safety of IV ketamine used to treat TRD in a naturalistic outpatient clinical context. Methods: A retrospective chart review of the first 51 TRD patients treated with low-dose IV ketamine at UC San Diego was conducted. Charts of patients > 18 years old and containing a baseline, 1-hour, and 24-hour post infusion Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) scores were included. Demographic and clinical variables were analyzed with descriptive statistics. The primary outcome was reduction in BDI score from baseline to 24-hours post-infusion determined by a paired t-test. Secondary outcomes included reduction in BDI 1-hour post-infusion, response (> 50% reduction in BDI score) and remission (BDI score ≤11) at 24 hours. Results: A total of 51 charts were reviewed yielding 41 meeting inclusion criteria. Mean age was 48.6±12.7 years, 78% white, and 36.6% female. All patients had a diagnosis of major depressive disorder (n = 34) or bipolar disorder (n = 7) and had failed multiple antidepressants. Some had failed ECT (26.8%) or rTMS (24.4%). Significant psychiatric comorbidity existed in 73.1% of patients, with anxiety being most prevalent (58.5%). Concomitant medications included antidepressants (51.2%), antipsychotics (29.3%), mood stabilizers (19.5%), stimulants (26.8%), benzodiazepines (41.5%) and hypnotics (17.1%). Average baseline BDI score was 32.6±8.43. BDI scores decreased by 15.9±12.3 (p < 0.001) and 16.6±14.4 (p < 0.001) at 1-hour and 24-hours postinfusion, respectively. There was a 53.7% response rate and a 36.6% remission rate at 24-hours. Ketamine induced a modest, transient blood pressure elevation. Two patients required an antiemetic for nausea and one patient required lorazepam for anxiety. Conclusions: Ketamine administered in a naturalistic treatment setting was effective and well tolerated for TRD in patients with various psychiatric medications and comorbidities.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs fluoxetine on sleep quality and insomnia in patients with major depression$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an approved therapeutic option for resistant major depression. A clinical trial found no significant differences between active and sham TMS in sleep scores of patients with resistant major depression. In contrast, TMS has been found to improve subjective and objective sleep parameters in primary insomnia. In this way, the aim of this study was to compare the effects between rTMS and fluoxetine on sleep quality and insomnia in patients with major depression. Methods: Outpatients were recruited from the National Institute of Psychiatry at Mexico City. To be included, subjects were required to be females or males, 18 to 60 year-old, with diagnosis of major depression (DSM IV), without drug treatment, and significant comorbidities, including electroencephalographic abnormalities. All participants gave their signed informed consent and underwent a structured diagnostic interview to establish diagnosis. Sleep quality and insomnia were weekly assessed with the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) and the Insomnia Severity Index (ISI), respectively. Subjects were randomizedly allocated to receive fluoxetine 20 mg/day during 8 weeks or rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. TMS consisted of 5 sessions/week (5 Hz, 100% motor threshold) during 3 weeks followed by 1 maintenance session/week during 5 weeks. Results: Eleven pat ients were treated with fluoxetine and 10 with rT MS. There were no significant gender and age differences between groups. A repeated measures ANOVA showed a significant reduction of PSQI scores [Fluoxetine 13.4 ± 2.4 to 9.5 ± 4.9; rTMS 12.4 ± 3.7 to 6.1 ± 3.9 (F 147.9 df 1, p < 0.001)] without significant group treatment effect. ISI scores significantly decreased [Fluoxetine 19.8 ± 2.2 to 12.3.5 ± 1.8; rTMS 15.5 ± 1.9 to 6.3 ± 1.6 (F 127.9 df 1, p < 0.001)] with a marginal nonsignificant difference between groups (F 4.1 df 1, p = .057) Conclusion: Our results suggest that rTMS produces significant improvement of sleep quality and insomnia in major depression, comparable to the one obtained with fluoxetine.
Propofol mitigates learning and memory impairment after electroconvulsive shock in depressed rats by inhibiting autophagy in the hippocampus$$$ Background: The present study explored the effects of propofol on hippocampal autophagy and synaptophysin in depression- model rats undergoing electroconvulsive shock (ECS). Material/Methods: The rat depression model was established by exposing Sprague-Dawley rats to stress for 28 consecutive days. Forty rats were assigned randomly into the depression group (group D; no treatment), the ECS group (group E), the propofol group (group P), and the propofol + ECS group (group PE). Open field tests and sucrose preference tests were applied to evaluate the depression behavior; and Morris water maze tests were used to assess the learning and memory function of the rats. Western blotting was used to detect the expression of Beclin-1 and LC3-II/I; and ELISA was applied to assess the expression of synaptophysin. Results: Rats in group E and group PE scored higher in the open field and sucrose preference tests compared with those in group D. Furthermore, rats in group E also had a longer escape latency, a shorter space exploration time, and increased expression of Beclin-1, LC3-II/I, and synaptophysin. Compared with group E, rats in group PE possessed a shorter escape latency, a longer space exploration time, reduced expression of Beclin-1, LC3-II/I, and synaptophysin. Conclusions: Propofol could inhibit excessive ECS-induced autophagy and synaptophysin overexpression in the hippocampus, thus protecting the learning and memory functions in depressed rats after ECS. The inhibitory effects of propofol on the overexpression of synaptophysin may result from its inhibitory effects on the excessive induction of autophagy.
The unfulfilled promise of the antidepressant medications$$$ ● Australia has one of the highest rates of antidepressant use in the world; it has more than doubled since 2000, despite evidence showing that the effectiveness of these medications is lower than previously thought. ● An increasing placebo response rate is a key reason for falling effectiveness, with the gap between response to medications and placebo narrowing. Psychotherapies are effective treatments, but recent evidence from high-quality studies suggests that their effectiveness is also modest. ● Combined treatment with medication and psychotherapy provides greater effectiveness than either alone. ● The number of patients receiving psychotherapy had been declining, although this trend is probably reversing with the Medicare Better Access to Mental Health Care initiative. ● Antidepressant medications still have an important role in the treatment of moderate to severe depression; they should be provided as part of an overall treatment plan that includes psychotherapy and lifestyle strategies to improve diet and increase exercise. ● When medications are prescribed, they should be used in a way that maximises their chance of effectiveness.
Frontal Cortex Stimulation Reduces Vigilance to Threat: Implications for the Treatment of Depression and Anxiety$$$ Background The difficulty in treating mood disorders has brought about clinical interest in alternative treatments, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). However, the optimal parameters for stimulation and underlying mechanisms of action are unclear. Psychiatric treatments have acute effects on emotional processing that predict later therapeutic action. Such effects have been proposed as cognitive biomarkers for screening novel treatments for depression and anxiety. Methods This study assessed the effect of tDCS on a battery of emotional processing measures sensitive to antidepressant action. To refine optimal stimulation parameters, DLPFC stimulation using two common electrode montages was compared with sham. Sixty healthy volunteers received 20 minutes of active or sham DLPFC stimulation before completing computerized emotional processing tasks, including a dot-probe measure of vigilance to threat. Results Relative to sham stimulation, participants receiving simultaneous anodal stimulation of left DLPFC and cathodal stimulation of right DLPFC (bipolar-balanced montage) showed reduced vigilance to threatening stimuli. There was no such significant effect when the cathode was placed on the supraorbital ridge (bipolar-unbalanced montage). There were no effects of tDCS on other measures of emotional processing. Conclusions Our findings provide the first experimental evidence that modulating activity in the DLPFC reduces vigilance to threatening stimuli. This significant reduction in fear vigilance is similar to that seen with anxiolytic treatments in the same cognitive paradigm. The finding that DLPFC tDCS acutely alters the processing of threatening information suggests a potential cognitive mechanism that could underwrite treatment effects in clinical populations.
Identification and management of peripartum depression$$$ Peripartum depression affects up to one in seven women and is associated with significant maternal and neonatal morbidity if untreated. A history of depression is the strongest risk factor for developing peripartum depression. The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force recommends screening pregnant and postpartum women for depression. Both two-step and one-step screening strategies are effective in identifying peripartum depression. Peripartum depression should be distinguished from the baby blues, which is characterized by short duration, mild symptoms, and minimal impact on functioning. Women with peripartum depression should be evaluated for bipolar disorder, postpartum psychosis, and suicidal risk. For first-time mothers, adolescent mothers, and mothers who have experienced a traumatic delivery, home health visits, telephone-based peer support, and psychotherapy may help prevent peripartum depression. Mild to moderate depression should be treated with psychotherapy or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, whereas moderate to severe depression should be treated with a combination of psychotherapy and medication. Citalopram, escitalopram, and sertraline appear to be the safest selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors during pregnancy, whereas fluvoxamine, paroxetine, and sertraline are preferred in breastfeeding women because they lead to the lowest serum medication levels in breastfed infants. Patients with psychosis, active suicidal thoughts, or thoughts of harming their newborns should receive same-day psychiatric consultation and referral for possible inpatient treatment.
Efficacy of transcranial direct-current stimulation (tDCS) in women with provoked vestibulodynia: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Provoked vestibulodynia is the most common form of vulvodynia. Despite its high prevalence and deleterious sexual, conjugal, and psychological repercussions, effective evidence-based interventions for provoked vestibulodynia remain limited. For a high proportion of women, significant pain persists despite the currently available treatments. Growing evidence suggests that the central nervous system (CNS) could play a key role in provoked vestibulodynia; thus, treatment targeting the CNS, rather than localized dysfunctions, may be beneficial for women suffering from provoked vestibulodynia. In this study, we aim to build on the promising results of a previous case report and evaluate whether transcranial direct-current stimulation, a non-invasive brain stimulation technique targeting the CNS, could be an effective treatment option for women with provoked vestibulodynia. Methods/design: This single-center, triple-blind, parallel group, randomized, controlled trial aims to compare the efficacy of transcranial direct-current stimulation with sham transcranial direct-current stimulation in women with provoked vestibulodynia. Forty women diagnosed with provoked vestibulodynia by a gynecologist, following a standardized treatment protocol, are randomized to either active transcranial direct-current stimulation treatment for ten sessions of 20 minutes at an intensity of 2 mA or sham transcranial direct-current stimulation over a 2-week period. Outcome measures are collected at baseline, 2 weeks after treatment and at 3-month follow-up. The primary outcome is pain during intercourse, assessed with a numerical rating scale. Secondary measurements focus on the sexual function, vestibular pain sensitivity, psychological distress, treatment satisfaction, and the patient's global impression of change. Discussion: To our knowledge, this study is the first randomized controlled trial to examine the efficacy of transcranial direct-current stimulation in women with provoked vestibulodynia. Findings from this trial are expected to provide significant information about a promising intervention targeting the centralization of pain in women with provoked vestibulodynia. Trial registration: Clinicaltrials.gov, NCT02543593. Registered on September 4, 2015.
Mild cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease is improved by transcranial direct current stimulation combined with physical therapy$$$ Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) is characterized by both motor and cognitive deficits. In PD, physical exercise has been found to improve physical functioning. Recent studies demonstrated that repeated sessions of transcranial direct current stimulation led to an increased performance in cognitive and motor tasks in patients with PD. Objectives: The present study investigated the effects of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation applied over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and combined with physical therapy in PD patients. Methods: A total of 20 patients with PD were assigned to 1 of 2 study groups: group 1, anodal transcranial direct current stimulation plus physical therapy (n=10) or group 2, placebo transcranial direct current stimulation plus physical therapy (n=10). The 2 weeks of treatment consisted of daily direct current stimulation application for 25 minutes during physical therapy. Long-term effects of treatment were evaluated on clinical, neuropsychological, and motor task performance at 3-month follow-up. Results: An improvement in motor abilities and a reduction of depressive symptoms were observed in both groups after the end of treatment and at 3-month follow-up. The Parkinson's Disease Cognitive Rating Scale and verbal fluency test performances increased only in the anodal direct current stimulation group with a stable effect at follow-up. Conclusions: The application of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation may be a relevant tool to improve cognitive abilities in PD and might be a novel therapeutic strategy for PD patients with mild cognitive impairment.
Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and aerobic exercise training (AET) increased plasma BDNF and ameliorated depressive symptoms in patients suffering from major depressive disorder$$$ Background: To treat patients suffering from major depressive disorder (MDD), research has focused on electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and aerobic exercise training (AET). Brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) seems to be key in MDD. The aims of the present study were therefore two-fold, to investigate in a three-arm interventional study the differential effects of ECT, ECT plus AET, and AET alone in patients suffering from TR-MDD on 1. depressive symptoms and 2. plasma BDNF (pBDNF). Methods: 60 patients with MDD (mean age: 31 years; 31.6% female patients) were randomly assigned either to the ECT, ECT + AET, or AET condition. The AET condition consisted of treadmill exercise for 45 min, three times a week. Both depression severity and pBDNF levels were assessed at baseline and 4 weeks later. All patients were further treated with an SSRI standard medication. Results: pBDNF levels increased over time in all three study conditions, though, highest increase was observed in the ECT + EAT condition, and lowest increase was observed in the AET condition. Depressive symptoms decreased in all three conditions over time, though, strongest decrease was observed in the ECT + AET condition. The combination of ECT + AET led to significantly greater remission rates than in either the ECT or AET alone conditions. BDNF levels were not associated with symptoms of depression. Conclusions: The pattern of results suggests that ECT, AET and particularly their combination are promising directions for the treatment of patients suffering from MDD, and that it remains unclear to what extent pBDNF is key and a reliable biomarker for MDD.
The Clinical TMS Society Consensus Review and Treatment Recommendations for TMS Therapy for Major Depressive Disorder$$$ Background Prefrontal Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) therapy repeated daily over 4-6 weeks (20-30 sessions) is US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved for treating Major Depressive Disorder in adults who have not responded to prior antidepressant medications. In 2011, leading TMS clinical providers and researchers created the Clinical TMS Society (cTMSs) (www.clinicaltmssociety.org, Greenwich, CT, USA), incorporated in 2013. Methods This consensus review was written by cTMSs leaders, informed by membership polls, and approved by the governing board. It summarizes current evidence for the safety and efficacy of the use of TMS therapy for treating depression in routine clinical practice. Authors systematically reviewed the published TMS antidepressant therapy clinical trials. Studies were then assessed and graded on their strength of evidence using the Levels of Evidence framework published by the University of Oxford Centre for Evidence Based Medicine. The authors then summarize essentials for using TMS therapy in routine clinical practice settings derived from discussions and polls of cTMSs members. Finally, each summary clinical recommendation is presented with the substantiating peer-reviewed, published evidence supporting that recommendation. When the current published clinical trial evidence was insufficient or incomplete, expert opinion was included when sufficient consensus was available from experienced clinician users among the membership of the cTMSs, who were polled at the Annual Meetings in 2014 and 2015. Conclusions Daily left prefrontal TMS has substantial evidence of efficacy and safety for treating the acute phase of depression in patients who are treatment resistant or intolerant. Following the clinical recommendations in this document should result in continued safe and effective use of this exciting new treatment modality.
Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists clinical practice guidelines for the management of schizophrenia and related disorders$$$ Objectives: This guideline provides recommendations for the clinical management of schizophrenia and related disorders for health professionals working in Australia and New Zealand. It aims to encourage all clinicians to adopt best practice principles. The recommendations represent the consensus of a group of Australian and New Zealand experts in the management of schizophrenia and related disorders. This guideline includes the management of ultra-high risk syndromes, first-episode psychoses and prolonged psychoses, including psychoses associated with substance use. It takes a holistic approach, addressing all aspects of the care of people with schizophrenia and related disorders, not only correct diagnosis and symptom relief but also optimal recovery of social function. Methods: The writing group planned the scope and individual members drafted sections according to their area of interest and expertise, with reference to existing systematic reviews and informal literature reviews undertaken for this guideline. In addition, experts in specific areas contributed to the relevant sections. All members of the writing group reviewed the entire document. The writing group also considered relevant international clinical practice guidelines. Evidence-based recommendations were formulated when the writing group judged that there was sufficient evidence on a topic. Where evidence was weak or lacking, consensus-based recommendations were formulated. Consensus-based recommendations are based on the consensus of a group of experts in the field and are informed by their agreement as a group, according to their collective clinical and research knowledge and experience. Key considerations were selected and reviewed by the writing group. To encourage wide community participation, the Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists invited review by its committees and members, an expert advisory committee and key stakeholders including professional bodies and special interest groups. Results: The clinical practice guideline for the management of schizophrenia and related disorders reflects an increasing emphasis on early intervention, physical health, psychosocial treatments, cultural considerations and improving vocational outcomes. The guideline uses a clinical staging model as a framework for recommendations regarding assessment, treatment and ongoing care. This guideline also refers its readers to selected published guidelines or statements directly relevant to Australian and New Zealand practice. Conclusions: This clinical practice guideline for the management of schizophrenia and related disorders aims to improve care for people with these disorders living in Australia and New Zealand. It advocates a respectful, collaborative approach; optimal evidence-based treatment; and consideration of the specific needs of those in adverse circumstances or facing additional challenges.
Adjunctive low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in patients with treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: The present study aimed to evaluate the efficacy of low frequency (LF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Methods: Twenty-seven patients with treatment resistant OCD were randomly assigned to 3 week either active (n=14) or sham (n=13) rTMS. The active rTMS parameters consisted of 1 Hz, 20-minute trains (1,200 pulses/day) at 100% of the resting motor threshold (MT). OCD symptoms, mood, and anxiety were assessed at baseline and every week throughout the treatment period. Results: A repeated-measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) was used to evaluate changes on the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS). Our results revealed a significant reduction in YBOCS scores in the active group compared with the sham group after 3 weeks. Similarly, a repeated-measures ANOVA revealed significant effect of time and time×group interaction on scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the Clinical Global Impression-Severity scale. There were no reports of any serious adverse effects following the active and sham rTMS treatments. Conclusion: LF rTMS over the right DLPFC appeared to be superior to sham rTMS for relieving OCD symptoms and depression in patients with treatment-resistant OCD. Further trials with larger sample sizes should be conducted to confirm the present findings. Copyright
Behavioural addiction-A rising tide?$$$ The term 'addiction' was traditionally used in relation to centrally active substances, such as cocaine, alcohol, or nicotine. Addiction is not a unitary construct but rather incorporates a number of features, such as repetitive engagement in behaviours that are rewarding (at least initially), loss of control (spiralling engagement over time), persistence despite untoward functional consequences, and physical dependence (evidenced by withdrawal symptoms when intake of the substance diminishes). It has been suggested that certain psychiatric disorders characterized by maladaptive, repetitive behaviours share parallels with substance addiction and therefore represent 'behavioural addictions'. This perspective has influenced the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fifth Edition (DSM-5), which now has a category 'Substance Related and Addictive Disorders', including gambling disorder. Could other disorders characterised by repetitive behaviours, besides gambling disorder, also be considered 'addictions'? Potential examples include kleptomania, compulsive sexual behaviour, 'Internet addiction', trichotillomania (hair pulling disorder), and skin-picking disorder. This paper seeks to define what is meant by 'behavioural addiction', and critically considers the evidence for and against this conceptualisation in respect of the above conditions, from perspectives of aetiology, phenomenology, co-morbidity, neurobiology, and treatment. Research in this area has important implications for future diagnostic classification systems, neurobiological models, and novel treatment directions.
Progress in neurostimulation for psychiatry$$$ Background: Non-invasive neurostimulation is increasingly being applied as a treatment for psychiatric disorders. There is a need for taking stock of the most recent findings with regard to transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS). Objectives: To present novel data from studies into the effects of non-invasive neurostimulation in depression and schizophrenia and to address underlying mechanisms and avenues for optimizing treatment effects. Methods: Randomized controlled trials of TMS and/ or TDCS in addition to empirical review and conceptual analysis. Findings: There is evidence of improvement of symptoms after non-invasive neurostimulation, although mixed findings have been reported. Future research should address specific brain circuits tailored to the nature of the psychiatric problems in more detail and aim to predict responder status. Larger, multicenter trials are needed. Conclusions: Non-invasive neurostimulation may yield benefits as a treatment modality in psychiatry, but it is in need of further development.
Accelerated theta burst stimulation in treatment resistant major depressive disorder: A fast road to remission?$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a severe global mental health problem. When confronted with clinical non-response, the treatment options are limited. Intensified or accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment algorithms are under investigation to be applied in treatment-resistant depressed (TRD) patients. Objectives: Although intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) may have the potency to result in superior clinical outcomes in TRD compared to the classic rTMS protocols, accelerated iTBS treatment has not yet been studied. Methods: Here, we present the results of our registered randomized double-blind sham-controlled crossover study, where we applied accelerated iTBS delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). In all, 50 TRD patients received 20 iTBS sessions spread over four successive days (five sessions/day). Findings: We found immediate, statistically significant decreases in depressive symptoms regardless of order/ type of stimulation (real/sham). Response rates increased from 28% at the end of the 2-week procedure to 38% when depression severity symptoms were assessed 2 weeks later, indicating delayed clinical effects. Importantly, 30% of these responders were considered to be in clinical remission at the end of the study. Conclusions: Our findings indicate that only 4 days of accelerated iTBS treatment may lead to fast remission in TRD.
Effect of electrical parameters on ECT convulsive threshold and duration$$$ BACKGROUND: Optimal stimulus parameters for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are unclear. Pulse duration and frequency related to convulsive threshold and seizure duration in the first ECT treatment in a series were evaluated.
Randomised controlled trial of ketamine in depressed elderly$$$ Background: Ketamine has been shown to have marked, rapid antidepressant effects but efficacy and safety have not been specifically examined in older depressed adults. Methods: 16 depressed adults aged >60 years participated in a double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover trial. A dose titration method was used to investigate the effects of dosage on an individual participant basis. Ascending doses (0.1, 0.2, 0.3, 0.4, 0.5 mg/kg), with random insertion of placebo (midazolam 0.01 mg/kg), were given ≥ 1 week apart. Treatments were given by subcutaneous injection. Mood (MADRS) and psychiatric (BPRS, CADSS) outcomes were assessed by a blinded rater: pre-treatment, 4 hours, 24 hours, 4 days, 7 days after each treatment. Results: 43.8% of participants were in remission (MADRS <10) at day 7 after ketamine treatment. The dose required for remission was 0.1mg/kg (n=2), 0.2mg/kg (n=0), 0.3mg/kg (n=1), 0.4mg/ kg (n=3), 0.5mg/kg (n=1). No patients remitted after placebo. A relationship between dosage and antidepressant efficacy was evident, with greater change in MADRS scores at higher doses. Maximal mood improvement was seen at 24 hours after treatment. Psychotomimetic side effects and other side effects (blood pressure, heart rate, general side effects) were transient and did not require medical intervention. Conclusions: Results from this first RCT of ketamine in elderly depressed patients showed a similar efficacy and side effect profile to prior studies in the general adult age group. Ketamine was efficacious, safe and well tolerated when given by the subcutaneous route.
Expanded safety and efficacy data for a new method of performing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): Focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST)$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most rapid and effective antidepressant treatment, but with concerns about cognitive side effects. A new form of ECT, Focal Electrically Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST), was designed to increase the focality of stimulation and better match stimulus parameters with neurophysiology. We recently reported on the safety and feasibility of FEAST in a cohort (N=17) of depressed patients. We now report on the safety, feasibility, preliminary efficacy, and cognitive effects of FEAST in a new cohort. Methods: Open-label FEAST was administered to 20 depressed adults (6 men; 3 bipolar disorder; age 49.1±10.6). Clinical and cognitive assessments were obtained at baseline and end of course. Time to orientation recovery was assessed at each treatment. Non-responders switched to conventional ECT. Results: Participants tolerated the treatment well with no dropouts. Five patients (25%) transitioned from FEAST to conventional ECT due to inadequate response. After FEAST (mean 9.3±3.5 sessions, range 4-14), there was a 58.1±36.0% improvement in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores compared to baseline (p<0.0001); 13 of 20 (65%) patients met response criteria and 11/20 (55%) met remission criteria. Patients achieved re-orientation (4 of 5 items) in 4.4±3.0 min (median 4.5 min), timed from eyes opening. There was no deterioration in neuropsychological measures. Conclusions: These findings provide further support for the safety and efficacy of FEAST. The remission and response rates were in the range found using conventional ECT and the time to re-orientation may be quicker. However, without a randomized comparison group conclusions are tentative.
Cognitive behavior therapy to prevent relapse following intravenous ketamine in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Ketamine has been shown to be a rapid and robust antidepressant, though effects of a single treatment are shortlived. Repeated infusions may prolong the effect somewhat, but worrisome cognitive effects of repeated exposure in rodents and substance abusers give pause to indefinite treatment. Thus, there is a great need to identify alternative augmentation/maintenance strategies capable of sustaining the ketamine's rapid antidepressant effects. The proposed study explores the feasibility and potential efficacy of combining ketamine and cognitive behavior therapy (CBT) to sustain this antidepressant response. Methods: Fifteen subjects with Major Depressive Episode will be recruited to undergo a brief course of 4 intravenous infusions of ketamine, given twice weekly for two weeks in combination with 12 sessions of CBT. Efficacy will be assessed using measures of sustained response (>50% decrease in Montgomery-Asberg Depressive Rating Scale) for 8 weeks following the last infusion. Results: To date, 8 subjects have enrolled and initiated or completed the protocol. Half (4/8) have a history of electroconvulsive therapy and most (5/8, 63%) have a history of hospitalization. Most (5/8, 63%) achieved response within the ketamine treatment period. Among completed responders, all (4/4) have retained response through 8 weeks following the last infusion. On longer-term follow-up of completed responders, 2 patients relapsed 3 and 4 months following the last infusion. Conclusions: Preliminary data demonstrate the feasibility of combining ketamine and CBT, with suggestions that CBT may sustain antidepressant effects following 4 ketamine infusions. Additional large and well-powered randomized controlled studies are warranted to definitively demonstrate efficacy.
The network model of depression as a basis for new therapeutic strategies for treating major depressive disorder in Parkinson’s disease$$$ The high prevalence of major depressive disorder in people with Parkinson’s disease (PD), its negative impact on health-related quality of life and the low response rate to conventional pharmacological therapies call to seek innovative treatments. Here, we review the new approaches for treating major depressive disorder in patients with PD within the framework of the network model of depression. According to this model, major depressive disorder reflects maladaptive neuronal plasticity. Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) using high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the prefrontal cortex has been proposed as a feasible and effective strategy with minimal risk. The neurobiological basis of its therapeutic effect may involve neuroplastic modifications in limbic and cognitive networks. However, the way this networks reorganize might be strongly influenced by the environment. To address this issue, we propose a combined strategy that includes NIBS together with cognitive and behavioral interventions.
Response properties of neurons and synaptic plasticity during pre-critical period of visual development in mouse visual cortex$$$ Background: The visual development is completed during the critical period in human and mammals. However, the critical period is not the initial of receiving visual experience. It is known that before the onset of critical period in mammals, such as mouse, there is an earlier stage for visual development, the pre-critical period. The research of response characteristics of the visual cortical neurons and the synaptic plasticity in the pre-critical period is still in the exploratory stage. Objective: The study aimed to preliminarily investigate the response properties of neurons and synaptic plasticity in mouse visual cortex during the pre-critical period. Methods: Forty-eight postnatal day 13-17 C57BL/6J mice were used for in vivo whole-cell recordings and in vitro brain slice whole-cell recordings. In vivo whole-cell recordings were done in anesthetized mice. Moving bars in different directions were produced and controlled by a Matlab program. Cell recordings were obtained at the depth of layer IV of visual cortex. Step current stimuli under current clamp were given to measure the membrane response properties of neurons. Optimal visual stimuli were given to measure the in vivo largest responses of membrane potentials. In vitro experiments were performed after in vivo experiments. All cells were given current step stimuli to measure the membrane response properties of neurons. Different intensities of white-matter-to-layer-IV pathway stimulation were given to measure the evoked response properties. All cells from 48 mice were randomized into 4 groups according to different stimulus training modes, including low frequency stimulation (LFS), high frequency theta-burst stimulation (TBS), pre-post synaptic timing stimulation (pre-post TS) and post-pre synaptic timing stimulation (post-pre TS). Under the voltage clamp of -70 mV, excitatory postsynaptic currents (EPSCs) before and after training were recorded to measure the plastic changes of excitatory synaptic connections. pClamp 10 was used for the pre-analysis of data and Matlab 2008a was used for statistical analysis. The use and care of the animals followed the Statement for the Use of Animals in Ophthalmic and Vision Research. Results: Thirty-nine cells and 48 cells were successfully recorded in the in vivo and in vitro experiments, respectively. The steady-state average number of action potentials (APs) were (1.01±0.03)/sweep and (1.01±0.05)/sweep, the AP thresholds were (-40.2±3.2) mV and (-39.6±2.0) mV, and the threshold step current levels were (126.7±17.4) pA and (129.6±17.5) pA in the in vivo and in vitro recordings, respectively, with no significant differences between them (APs: t=0.512, P=0.610; AP thresholds: t=-1.074, P=0.286; current levels: t=-0.776, P=0.440). Under the optimal visual or pathway stimulation, the average peak response of membrane potentials was (7.3±4.3)mV and (6.4±2.8)mV with rarely evoked APs in the in vivo and in vitro experiments, respectively, with no significant difference between them (t=1.234, P=0.221). Under the in vitro recording, the EPSCs before LFS were [(138.1±51.9)pA], which was significantly higher than that after LFS [(76.1±34.8)pA] (t=4.437, P=0.001), but no significant differences were seen in EPSCs before and after TBS (t=-0.756, P=0.466). The EPSCs before and after pre-post TS were (122.4±62.2)pA and (78.5±46.7) pA, and those before and after post-pre TS were (131.9±48.0)pA and (74.3±30.7)pA, showing significant differences between them (pre-post TS: t=3.558, P=0.004; post-pre TS: t=4.283, P=0.001). Conclusions: The construction of fundamental neural circuits in layer IV of mouse visual cortex is completed during pre-critical period. However, the membrane responsive capability of neurons and the synaptic connections are in an immature state, and the evoked responses to visual pathway inputs are basically subthreshold. The strength of synaptic connections is depressed with low frequency stimulation or pre-post/post-pre synaptic timing stimulation, and kept unchanged with high frequency stimulation. The development of visual neural system of PSP in mouse presents different characteristics from CP.
Deutetrabenazine effect on total motor score in patients with huntington disease (FIRST-HD)$$$ OBJECTIVE: To quantify deutetrabenazine changes in overall motor measures, as assessed by the Unified Huntington Disease Rating Scale (UHDRS) Total Motor Score (TMS). BACKGROUND: Huntington disease (HD) is a hereditary, progressive, neurodegenerative disorder characterized by chorea, cognitive dysfunction and psychiatric symptoms. Deutetrabenazine (SD-809) is a novel molecule currently under development for treatment of HD associated chorea. DESIGN/METHODS: 90 subjects were randomized (1:1) to treatment with deutetrabenazine or placebo in this double-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group study. Enrolled subjects were ambulatory adults diagnosed with motor manifest HD, as indicated by motor exam features and an expanded HTT CAG repeat (37), and who had a baseline total maximal chorea (TMC) score 8. The TMC comprises 7 of the 31 items in the TMS. TMC was the primary endpoint and TMS was a pre-specified endpoint. RESULTS: In the deutetrabenazine group, TMS improved from baseline by 7.4 points (standard error [SE] 0.9) versus 3.4 points (SE 0.9) in the placebo group (P=0.002). This result was driven by significant improvements in chorea (primary endpoint; improved by 4.4 versus 1.9 points, P<0.0001) and dystonia (improved by 0.9 versus 0.1 points, P=0.02). Changes in other UHDRS motor components did not differ significantly between treatment groups, and there was no worsening in gait or parkinsonism subscores. Rates of depression, irritability, insomnia were low and similar to or less than those observed with placebo. CONCLUSION: While deutetrabenazine clearly improved chorea, there was also significant improvement in TMS, with substantial contributions from improved dystonia. Combined with its favorable safety profile, the TMS findings suggest deutetrabenazine can provide clinically meaningful overall motor benefit to patients with HD.
Different forms of prefrontal theta burst stimulation for executive function of medication- resistant depression: Evidence from a randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Even during symptomatic remission, many patients with medication resistant depression (MRD) still demonstrate impaired cognitive function, especially executive function (EF). Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) modulates cortical excitability and may treat MRD. Evidences from previous studies show that intermittent TBS (iTBS) produces cortical excitatory effects, while continuous TBS (cTBS) produces a reduction of cortical excitability. EF is highly dependent on prefrontal activity, but the effects of different forms of prefrontal TBS on EF remain unknown. Methods: 60 MRD patients were recruited and randomly assigned to one of four groups. Treatment was determined by the group to which an individual was assigned; A: cTBS 1800. pulses/session; B: iTBS 1800. pulses/session; C: a combination of cTBS + iTBS, 1800. pulses/session for each; and D: sham TBS. Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) for the performance of EF was evaluated before and after 10 daily treatment sessions. Results: Repeated measures ANOVA, with each WCST index at baseline and 2 weeks after TBS as within-subject factors, demonstrated that a statistically significant interaction of TBS groups (G) and antidepressant responses [(R), responses were defined as > 50% reduction of depression scores after 2-weeks TBS treatment] on the before-versus-after changes of all WCST indexes (G × R, p < 0.05). Responders in Group B, but not in the other groups, showed a significant improvement in WCST performance. Only nonresponders in Group A showed a trend for EF worsening. Conclusions: Our findings showed that left prefrontal iTBS, not right prefrontal cTBS, improved EF, and this can be independent from its antidepressant effects.
Cognitive functioning and deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) in major psychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation method mostly utilised in the treatment of major depression. The aim of the current study was to systematically review the literature on the cognitive effects of DTMS applied with the H-coil system in major psychiatric disorders. Following a literature search in PsycInfo and PubMed (any time to December 2015), 13 out of 32 studies on DTMS and cognitive functioning were included in the current review. Three studies included 38 healthy participants, eight studies included 158 unipolar or bipolar depression patients and two studies included 45 schizophrenia patients. Low-frequency DTMS (1-3 sessions) had little effect on cognitive functioning in healthy participants. The most consistent cognitive and clinical improvements were reported in the short-term (after 20 daily sessions of high-frequency DTMS with H1-coil) in studies with major depression patients. There was also a trend towards a short-term cognitive and clinical improvement in studies with schizophrenia patients. High-frequency DTMS might improve cognitive functioning and alleviate clinical symptoms in the short-term, particularly in major depression. However, this conclusion is based on data from mostly uncontrolled, open-label studies with patients receiving concurrent antidepressants or antipsychotics. Randomised, sham-controlled trials are needed to investigate the magnitude of the cognitive outcomes of DTMS in the short-term and beyond the daily stimulation phase in major psychiatric disorders.
Therapeutic effects of non-invasive brain stimulation for dystonia$$$ Dystonia is a refractory neurological disorder. Although medications, botulinum toxin injections and surgery (e.g. deep brain stimulation) are the main treatments, these treatments are not always satisfactory for patients with dystonia. Non-invasive brain stimulations (NBS) such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are potential novel therapeutic tools and several studies have used them to treat patients with dystonia. To date, there are several positive placebo-controlled studies on the therapeutic effects of rTMS (focal hand dystonia, cervical dystonia and blepharospasm) and tDCS (focal hand dystonia and children's dystonia). However, there is still little information and additional high quality studies are required. Here, we briefly summarize the data on the therapeutic effects of NBS on dystonia.
Chronic Enhancement of Serotonin Facilitates Excitatory Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation-Induced Neuroplasticity$$$ Serotonin affects memory formation via modulating long-term potentiation (LTP) and depression (LTD). Accordingly, acute selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) administration enhanced LTP-like plasticity induced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in humans. However, it usually takes some time for SSRI to reduce clinical symptoms such as anxiety, negative mood, and related symptoms of depression and anxiety disorders. This might be related to an at least partially different effect of chronic serotonergic enhancement on plasticity, as compared with single-dose medication. Here we explored the impact of chronic application of the SSRI citalopram (CIT) on plasticity induced by tDCS in healthy humans in a partially double-blinded, placebo (PLC)-controlled, randomized crossover study. Furthermore, we explored the dependency of plasticity induction from the glutamatergic system via N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonism. Twelve healthy subjects received PLC medication, combined with anodal or cathodal tDCS of the primary motor cortex. Afterwards, the same subjects took CIT (20 mg/day) consecutively for 35 days. During this period, four additional interventions were performed (CIT and PLC medication with anodal/cathodal tDCS, CIT and dextromethorphan (150 mg) with anodal/cathodal tDCS). Plasticity was monitored by motor-evoked potential amplitudes elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation. Chronic application of CIT increased and prolonged the LTP-like plasticity induced by anodal tDCS for over 24 h, and converted cathodal tDCS-induced LTD-like plasticity into facilitation. These effects were abolished by dextromethorphan. Chronic serotonergic enhancement results in a strengthening of LTP-like glutamatergic plasticity, which might partially explain the therapeutic impact of SSRIs in depression and other neuropsychiatric diseases.
Bitemporal versus high-dose unilateral twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy for depression (EFFECT-Dep): A pragmatic, randomized, non-inferiority trial$$$ Objective: ECT is the most effective treatment for severe depression. Previous efficacy studies, using thrice-weekly brief-pulse ECT, reported that high-dose (6× seizure threshold) right unilateral ECT is similar to bitemporal ECT but may have fewer cognitive side effects. The authors aimed to assess the effectiveness and cognitive side effects of twice-weekly moderate-dose (1.5× seizure threshold) bitemporal ECTwith high-dose unilateral ECT in real-world practice. Method: This was a pragmatic, patient- and rater-blinded, noninferiority trial of patients with major depression (N=138; 63% female; age=56.7 years [SD=14.8]) in a national ECT service with a 6-month follow-up. Participants were independently randomly assigned to bitemporal or highdose unilateralECT.Theprimaryoutcomewaschangeinthe 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) score after the ECT course; the prespecified noninferiority margin was 4.0 points. Secondary outcomes included response and remission rates, relapse status after 6 months, and cognition. Results: Of the eligible patients, 69 were assigned to bitemporalECTand69to unilateral ECT.High-dose unilateral ECTwas noninferior to bitemporal ECT regarding the 24-item HAM-D scores after the ECT course (mean difference=1.08 points in favor of unilateral ECT [95% CI=21.67 to 3.84]). There were no significant differences for response and remission or 6-month relapse status. Recovery of orientation was quicker following unilateral ECT (median=19.1 minutes versus 26.4 minutes). Bitemporal ECT was associated with a lower percent recall of autobiographical information (odds ratio=0.66) that persisted for 6 months. Conclusions: Twice-weekly high-dose unilateral ECT is not inferior to bitemporal ECT for depression and may be preferable because of its better cognitive side-effect profile.
Premedication effect of dexmedetomidine and alfentanil on seizure time, recovery duration, and hemodynamic responses in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for many mental disorders, especially severe and persistent depression, bipolar disorder, and schizophrenia. The aim of this study is to compare the effect of dexmedetomidine and alfentanil on agitation, satisfaction, seizure duration, and patients hemodynamic after ECT. Materials and Methods: In a three phase crossover randomized clinical trial, 75 patients aged between 18 and 50 years and candidate for ECT were enrolled and assigned into three groups (25 patients in each group). All patients, respectively, took premedication of dexmedetomidine, alfentanil, or saline in three consecutive phases. Patients received 0.5 ìg/kg dexmedetomidine, 10 ìg/kg alfentanil or normal saline intravenously, 10 min before induction. Finally, seizure and recovery duration, satisfaction and agitation score, and hemodynamic parameters were evaluated. Results: There was no significant difference about seizure duration, agitation score, and hemodynamic parameters between groups but recovery duration was significantly lower in the control group than dexmedetomidine (P = 0.016) and alfentanil group (P = 0.0001). Patients' satisfaction was significantly higher in intervention groups (alfentanil and dexmedetomidine groups) (P = 0.0001). Conclusion: Given the equal effects of alfentanil and dexmedetomidine, it seems that choosing one of these two drugs for premedication of patients undergoing ECT is appropriate. Drug choice is influenced by numerous factors such as accessibility of each drug and the dominance of anesthesiologist and psychiatrist.
The practices of do-it-yourself brain stimulation: implications for ethical considerations and regulatory proposals$$$ Scientists and neuroethicists have recently drawn attention to the ethical and regulatory issues surrounding the do-it-yourself (DIY) brain stimulation community, which comprises individuals stimulating their own brains with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for self-improvement. However, to date, existing regulatory proposals and ethical discussions have been put forth without engaging those involved in the DIY tDCS community or attempting to understand the nature of their practices. I argue that to better contend with the growing ethical and safety concerns surrounding DIY tDCS, we need to understand the practices of the community. This study presents the results of a preliminary inquiry into the DIY tDCS community, with a focus on knowledge that is formed, shared and appropriated within it. I show that when making or acquiring a device, DIYers (as some members call themselves) produce a body of knowledge that is completely separate from that of the scientific community, and share it via online forums, blogs, videos and personal communications. However, when applying tDCS, DIYers draw heavily on existing scientific knowledge, posting links to academic journal articles and scientific resources and adopting the standardised electrode placement system used by scientists. Some DIYers co-opt scientific knowledge and modify it by creating their own manuals and guides based on published papers. Finally, I explore how DIYers cope with the methodological limitations inherent in self-experimentation. I conclude by discussing how a deeper understanding of the practices of DIY tDCS has important regulatory and ethical implications.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of the supplementary motor area in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder: A multi-site study$$$ Recently, strategies beyond pharmacological and psychological treatments have been developed for the management of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Specifically, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been employed as an adjunctive treatment in cases of treatment-refractory OCD. Here, we investigate six weeks of low frequency rTMS, applied bilaterally and simultaneously over the sensory motor area, in OCD patients in a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trial. Twenty-two participants were randomly enrolled into the treatment (ACTIVE = 10) or placebo (SHAM = 12) groups. At each of seven visits (baseline; day 1 and weeks 2, 4, and 6 of treatment; and two and six weeks after treatment) the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) was administered. At the end of the six weeks of rTMS, patients in the ACTIVE group showed a clinically significant decrease in Y-BOCS scores compared to both the baseline and the SHAM group. This effect was maintained six weeks following the end of rTMS treatment. Therefore, in this sample, rTMS appeared to significantly improve the OCD symptoms of the treated patients beyond the treatment window. More studies need to be conducted to determine the generalizability of these findings and to define the duration of rTMS’ clinical effect on the Y-BOCS. Clinical Trial Registration Number (NCT) at www.clinicaltrials.gov: NCT00616486.
Effects of transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) on affect, pain and attention in multiple sclerosis$$$ Purpose: Pain and cognitive impairment are frequent symptoms in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS). Neglecting experimental pain and paying attention to demanding tasks is reported to decrease the pain intensity. Little is known about the interaction between chronic neuropathic pain and attention disorders in MS. Recently, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) was used to modulate various cognitive and motor symptoms in MS. We aimed to study the effects of transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS), a form of transcranial electric stimulation, over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on attention and neuropathic pain in MS patients. Methods: 16 MS patients were included in a randomized, sham-controlled, cross-over study. Each patient randomly received two tRNS blocks, separated by three weeks of washout interval. Each block consisted of three consecutive daily sessions of either active or sham tRNS. The patients were evaluated for pain, attention and mood and further underwent an electrophysiological evaluation. Results: Compared to sham, tRNS showed a trend to decrease the N2-P2 amplitudes of pain related evoked potentials and improve pain ratings. Attention performance and mood scales did not change after stimulations. Conclusions: This study suggests the role of tRNS in pain modulation, which could have been more evident with longer stimulation protocols.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Fibromyalgia: Systematic Review and Meta-Analysis$$$ Background: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a prevalent chronic pain syndrome with few effective therapeutic options available. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging therapeutic alternative for this condition; however, results have been mixed.Objectives: To evaluate the efficacy of rTMS on FM, a comprehensive systematic review and meta-analysis were performed.Methods: Relevant published, English and Portuguese language, randomized clinical trials (RCT) comparing rTMS (irrespective of the stimulation protocol) to sham stimulation for treating FM pain intensity, depression, and/or quality of life (QoL) were identified, considering only those with low risk for bias. Trials available until April 2014 were searched through MEDLINE, EMBASE, the Cochrane Library Databases, and other 26 relevant medical databases covering from every continent. The outcomes for pain, depression, and QoL assessed closest to the 30th day after rTMS treatment were extracted, and changes from baseline were calculated to compare the effects of rTMS vs. placebo.Results: One hundred and sixty-three articles were screened, and five with moderate to high quality were included. rTMS improved QoL with a moderate effect size (Pooled SMD = -0.472 95%CI = -0.80 to -0.14); it showed a trend toward reducing pain intensity (SMD = -0.64 95%CI = -0.31 to 0.017), but did not change depressive symptoms.Conclusion: In comparison with sham stimulation, rTMS demonstrated superior effect on the QoL of patients with FM 1 month after starting therapy. However, further studies are needed to determine optimal treatment protocols and to elucidate the mechanisms involved with this effect, which does not seem to be mediated by changes in depression, but that may involve pain modulation. Level of evidence 1b.
Tinnitus and anxiety disorders: A review$$$ Background The most common form of tinnitus is a subjective, auditory, and distressing phantom phenomenon. Comorbidity with depression is high but other important psychiatric disorders such as anxiety disorders have received less attention. The current paper reviews the literature on the associations between tinnitus and anxiety disorders and the underlying pathophysiology, and discusses the clinical implications. Methodology PubMed and Web of Science were searched for all articles published up until October 2014 using combinations of the following search strings “Tinnitus”, ”Anxiety disorder”, “Panic Disorder”, “Generalized Anxiety Disorder”, “Post traumatic stress disorder”, “PTSD” “Social Phobia”, “Phobia Disorder”, “Obsessive Compulsive Disorder”, “Agoraphobia”. Results A total of 117 relevant papers were included. A 45% lifetime prevalence of anxiety disorders is reported in tinnitus populations, while an important overlap in associated (sub)cortical brain areas and cortico-subcortical networks involved in attention, distress, and memory functions is suggested. A disturbed hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis function can be found in tinnitus and in anxiety disorders but, in comorbidity, the direction of the dysfunction is unclear. Conclusion Comorbidity is high and screening for and treatment of anxiety disorders is recommended in moderate to severe tinnitus, as, given the overlap in the structural and functional brain circuitries involved, theoretically, their management could improve (subjective) levels of tinnitus although further empirical research on this topic is required.
A meta-analysis to determine the effect of pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments on fibromyalgia symptoms comprising OMERACT-10 response criteria$$$ Fibromyalgia is characterized by widespread pain, sleep problems, fatigue, functional impairment, psychological distress, and cognitive dysfunction. The objective of this meta-analysis is to synthesize the available data on the effectiveness of pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions across all domains included in the Outcome Measures in Rheumatology Clinical Trials (OMERACT-10) fibromyalgia response definitions, and to examine response based on these definitions. We searched Cochrane, PubMed, Scopus, and the reference lists of articles for randomized controlled trials of any drug formulation or non-pharmacological intervention used for fibromyalgia treatment. We extracted efficacy data regarding pain, sleep, physical function, fatigue, anxiety, depression, and cognition. The available data were insufficient to draw definite conclusions regarding response. Indirect evidence indicates that it may be expected with the use of serotonin noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (SNRIs), noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors (NRIs), and multidisciplinary treatment.
Can Medication Free, Treatment-Resistant, Depressed Patients Who Initially Respond to TMS Be Maintained off Medications? A Prospective, 12-Month Multisite Randomized Pilot Study$$$ Background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is efficacious for acute treatment of resistant major depressive disorder (MDD), but there is little information on maintenance TMS after acute response. Objective/hypothesis This pilot feasibility study investigated 12-month outcomes comparing two maintenance TMS approaches - a scheduled, single TMS session delivered monthly (SCH) vs. observation only (OBS). Methods Antidepressant-free patients with unipolar, non-psychotic, treatment-resistant MDD participated in a randomized, open-label, multisite trial. Patients meeting protocol-defined criteria for improvement after six weeks of acute TMS were randomized to SCH or OBS regimens. TMS reintroduction was available for symptomatic worsening; all patients remained antidepressant-free during the trial. Results Sixty-seven patients enrolled in the acute phase, and 49 (73%) met randomization criteria. Groups were matched, although more patients in the SCH group had failed ≥2 antidepressants (p =.035). There were no significant group differences on any outcome measure. SCH patients had nonsignificantly longer time to first TMS reintroduction, 91 ± 66 days, vs. OBS, 77 ± 52 days; OBS patients were nonsignificantly more likely to need reintroduction (odds ratio = 1.21, 95% CI.38-3.89). Reintroduction lasted 14.3 ± 17.8 days (SCH) and 16.9 ± 18.9 days (OBS); 14/18 (78%) SCH and 17/27 (63%) OBS responded to reintroduction. Sixteen patients (32.7%) completed all 53 weeks of the study. Conclusions Maintaining treatment-resistant depressed patients off medications with periodic TMS appears feasible in some cases. There was no statistical advantage of SCH vs. OBS, although SCH was associated with a nonsignificantly longer time to relapse. Those who initially respond to TMS have a strong chance of re-responding if relapse occurs.
Psychiatric Conditions in Parkinson Disease$$$ Psychiatric conditions often complicate the outcome of patients affected by Parkinson disease (PD), but they differ from classical psychiatric disorders in terms of underlying biological mechanisms, clinical presentation, and treatment response. The purpose of the present review is to illustrate the biological and clinical aspects of psychiatric conditions associated with PD, with particular reference to the differences with respect to classical psychiatric disorders. A careful search of articles on main databases was performed in order to obtain a comprehensive review about the main psychiatric conditions associated with PD. A manual selection of the articles was then performed in order to consider only those articles that concerned with the topic of the review. Psychiatric conditions in patients with PD present substantial differences with respect to classical psychiatric disorders. Their clinical presentation does not align with the symptom profiles represented by Diagnostic and Statistical Manual for Mental Disorders and International Classification of Diseases. Furthermore, psychiatry treatment guidelines are of poor help in managing psychiatric symptoms of patients with PD. Specific diagnostic tools and treatment guidelines are needed to allow early diagnosis and adequate treatment of psychiatric conditions in comorbidity with PD.
A systematic review of the clinical efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in psychiatric disorders$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neuromodulation technique, which can be used to selectively disrupt patterns of neural activity that are associated with symptoms of mental illness. tDCS has been implemented in numerous therapeutic trials across a range of patient populations, with a rapidly increasing number of studies being published each year. This systematic review aimed to evaluate the efficacy of tDCS in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Four electronic databases were searched from inception until December 2015 by two independent reviewers, and 66 eligible studies were identified. Depression was the most extensively researched condition, followed by schizophrenia and substance use disorders. Data on obsessive compulsive disorder, generalised anxiety disorder, and anorexia nervosa were also obtained. The quality of included studies was appraised using a standardised assessment framework, which yielded a median score corresponding to "weak" on the three-point scale. This improved to "moderate" when case reports/series were excluded from the analysis. Overall, data suggested that tDCS interventions comprising multiple sessions can ameliorate symptoms of several major psychiatric disorders, both acutely and in the long-term. Nevertheless, the tDCS field is still in its infancy, and several methodological and ethical issues must be addressed before clinical efficacy can truly be determined. Studies probing the mechanisms of action of tDCS and those facilitating the definition of optimised stimulation protocols are warranted. Furthermore, evidence from large-scale, multi-centre randomised controlled trials is required if the transition of this therapy from the laboratory to the clinic is to be considered.
Stimulants for depression: On the up and up?$$$ The use of traditional psychostimulants (methylphenidate and dexamphetamine) and stimulant-like drugs (modafinil and armodafinil) for the treatment of depression is a growing concern given the lack of research evidence supporting their effectiveness. The current article describes the role of stimulants in treating depression-specifically their risks and benefits and their potential use alongside antidepressants. Clinically, the rapid amelioration of depressive symptoms with traditional psychostimulants is often dramatic but short-lived, and this suggests that they likely operate via different mechanisms to conventional antidepressants. More importantly, there is little evidence from randomised controlled trials supporting their efficacy in treating depression, although modafinil has been shown to be effective in reducing prominent depressive symptoms, such as fatigue. Research is urgently required to clarify psychostimulants(tm) mechanisms of action and to evaluate their long-term benefits and risks in the treatment of major and bipolar depression. Ultimately, specificity of action needs to be determined to inform the sophisticated clinical use of psychostimulants in the management of depression. Until then they should only be prescribed if absolutely necessary, and even then their prescription should be facilitatory and time limited unless it is for investigational purposes.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background To date, several randomized controlled trials (RCTs) have shown the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of major depression. Objective This analysis examined the antidepressant efficacy of rTMS in patients with treatment-resistant unipolar depression. Methods A literature search was performed for RCTs published from January 1, 1994, to November 20, 2014. The search was updated on March 1, 2015. Two independent reviewers evaluated the abstracts for inclusion, reviewed full texts of eligible studies, and abstracted data. Meta-analyses were conducted to obtain summary estimates. The primary outcome was changes in depression scores measured by the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD), and we considered, a priori, the mean difference of 3.5 points to be a clinically important treatment effect. Remission and response to the treatment were secondary outcomes, and we calculated number needed to treat on the basis of these outcomes. We examined the possibility of publication bias by constructing funnel plots and by Begg’s and Egger’s tests. A meta-regression was undertaken to examine the effect of specific rTMS technical parameters on the treatment effects. Results Twenty-three RCTs compared rTMS with sham, and six RCTs compared rTMS with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Trials of rTMS versus sham showed a statistically significant improvement in depression scores with rTMS (weighted mean difference [WMD] 2.31, 95% CI 1.19–3.43; P < .001). This improvement was smaller than the pre-specified clinically important treatment effect. There was a 10% absolute difference between rTMS and sham in the rates of remission or response. This translates to a number needed to treat of 10. Risk ratios for remission and response were 2.20 (95% CI 1.44–3.38, P = .001 and 1.72 [95% CI], 1.13–2.62, P = .01), respectively, favouring rTMS. No publication bias was detected. Trials of rTMS versus ECT showed a statistically and clinically significant difference between rTMS and ECT in favour of ECT (WMD 5.97, 95% CI 0.94–11.0, P = .02). Risk ratios for remission and response were 1.44 (95% CI 0.64–3.23, P = .38) and 1.72 (95% CI 0.95–3.11, P = .07), respectively, favouring ECT. Conclusions Overall, the body of evidence favoured ECT for treatment of patients who are treatment-resistant. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation had a small short-term effect for improving depression in comparison with sham, but follow-up studies did not show that the small effect will continue for longer periods.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background Major depressive disorder (MDD, 10% over a person’s lifetime) is common and costly to the health system. Unfortunately, many MDD cases are resistant to treatment with antidepressant drugs and require other treatment to reduce or eliminate depression. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has long been used to treat persons with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Despite its effectiveness, ECT has side effects that make patients intolerant to the treatment, or they refuse to use it. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), which has fewer side effects than ECT and might be an alternative for TRD patients who are ineligible for or unwilling to undergo ECT, has been developed to treat TRD. Objectives This analysis evaluates the cost-effectiveness of rTMS for patients with TRD compared with ECT or sham rTMS and estimates the potential budgetary impact of various levels of implementation of rTMS in Ontario. Review Methods A cost-utility analysis compared the costs and health outcomes of two treatments for persons with TRD in Ontario: rTMS alone compared with ECT alone and rTMS alone compared with sham rTMS. We calculated the six-month incremental costs and quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs) for these treatments. One-way and probabilistic sensitivity analyses were performed to test the robustness of the model’s results. A 1-year budget impact analysis estimated the costs of providing funding for rTMS. The base-case analysis examined the additional costs for funding six centres, where rTMS infrastructure is in place. Sensitivity and scenario analyses explored the impact of increasing diffusion of rTMS to centres with existing ECT infrastructure. All analyses were conducted from the Ontario health care payer perspective. Results ECT was cost effective compared to rTMS when the willingness to pay is greater than $37,640.66 per QALY. In the base-case analysis, which had a six-month time horizon, the cost and effectiveness for rTMS was $5,272 and 0.31 quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs). The cost and effectiveness for ECT were $5,960 and 0.32 QALYs. This translates in an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio of $37,640.66 per QALY gained for ECT compared to rTMS. When rTMS is compared with sham rTMS, an additional $2,154.33 would be spent to gain 0.02 QALY. This translates to an ICER of $98,242.37 per QALY gained. Probabilistic sensitivity analysis showed that the probability of rTMS being cost-effective compared to sham rTMS was 2% and 45% at the thresholds of $50,000 and $100,000 per QALY gained, respectively. Conclusions Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation may be cost-effective compared to sham treatment in patients with treatment-resistant depression, depending on the willingness-to-pay threshold.
The efficacy of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant late-life depression$$$ Introduction: Treatment resistance presents a serious burden to older adults suffering from major depression. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeting the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a novel treatment modality for this patient population. High-frequency left-sided (HFL), low-frequency right-sided (LFR), and sequential bilateral (LFR then HFL) are different rTMS parameters with demonstrated efficacy in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) in younger adults. In a previous study, we identified superior efficacy for bilateral rTMS treatment compared to unilateral HFL or sham stimulation. In general, few studies examining the efficacy of rTMS in depression have included older adults and those that have included older adults have not provided sub-analyses. Thus, we undertook a sub-analysis of older adults in two randomized controlled trials that compared the efficacy of bilateral, unilateral HFL, and sham rTMS in TRD. Methods: Subjects were recruited at a tertiary mental health centre in an urban centre (Centre for Addiction and Mental Health, Toronto, ON, Canada). Subjects included in the present analysis had a major depressive episode diagnosed by SCIDIV- TR, did not repond to two separate antidepressant trials, and were between the ages of 60-85. The data are drawn from two RCT's (Clinical Trials.gov ID's NCT00305045 and NCT01515215). Individuals were randomized to one of three treatment groups in both studies (bilateral, HFL, or sham). The stimulation parameters are outlined in Table 1. Localizing the DLPFC was determined either at 5 cm anterior to the site of maximal stimulation of the abductor pollicis brevis (NCT00305045) or through MRI-guided neuronavigation (NCT 01515215). The rates of remission (defined by a score ≤ 10 on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale; HDRS) were assessed and compared between the three groups. Further, response rates to treatment and change in HDRS score were examined. Results: A total of 43 subjects were included in an intention-to-treat analysis. Demographic and baseline clinical variables are outlined in Table 2. By 6 weeks, 39 subjects (90.7%) completed treatment. Subjects lost to follow-up did not significantly differ from those who completed treatment regarding any baseline characteristics. Remission rates differed significantly between groups: bilateral (8/20, 40%), unilateral (0/11, 0%), and sham (0/12, 0%), χ2(2) = 11.30, p = .004. Remission for bilateral rTMS was significantly greater compared to unilateral (Fisher's exact p = .028) and sham (Fisher's exact p = .014); with no difference between the unilateral and sham groups (Fisher's exact p = 1). The response rate to treatment differed between groups: bilateral (9/20, 45%), unilateral (0/11, 0%), and sham (2/12, 16.7%), χ2(2) = 8.24, p = .016. Response rates to bilateral rTMS were greater compared to unilateral (Fisher's exact p = .012), but not sham (Fisher's exact p = .139); with no difference between unilateral and sham (Fisher's exact p = .478). The baseline HDRS scores were not significantly different between groups, F(2, 40) = 1.06, p = .356. However, the changes in scores from baseline to endpoint were significantly different, F(2, 40) = 3.44, p = .042. The mean (SD) change in the bilateral group, 10.5 (8.08), was significantly greater than the change in the unilateral, 4.5 (2.81), Tukey post-hoc; p = .043; but not the sham group, 6.7 (5.14), p = .235. The unilateral and sham groups were not significantly different, Tukey post-hoc; p = .705. Conclusions: The present study compared the efficacy of bilateral, unilateral, and sham rTMS for older adults with TRD. Remission rates for the bilateral group were greater than the unilateral and sham groups. Furthermore, the rates of response and change in HDRS scores were significant across treatment conditions. Individuals receiving bilateral rTMS experienced a greater response rate and HDRS change compared to those receiving unilateral or sham rTMS. Unilateral rTMS did not differ significantly from sham stimulation for any of the three outcome measures. The limitations of the study include the unbalanced groups and small sample sizes, which may have biased in favour of the bilateral group and may have contributed to the limited differences between bilateral and sham groups. Taken together, these findings support the efficacy for bilateral rTMS in older adults with TRD. The lack of efficacy findings in the unilateral group may be in keeping with past HFL studies, in which advanced age portends a weaker response to rTMS. Perhaps bilateral stimulation may overcome the effects of advanced age in managing treatment-resistant depression with rTMS. The remission rate of 40% in the bilateral group in this sample of older adults who have more than 2 adequate trials is clinically meaningful. The findings warrant further comparative effectiveness research involving bilateral rTMS in treatment-resistant late-life depression. (Table Presented).
Evidence for using electroconvulsive therapy in individuals with dementia: A systematic review$$$ Introduction: The objective of this study is to conduct a systematic review of the literature on evaluating the efficacy and tolerability of electroconvulsive therapy in individuals with dementia. Methods: We conducted a systematic search of 5 major databases including PubMed, Medline, PsychInfo, Embase and Cochrane collaboration with “ECT” and “Dementia” as our search terms. There was no time or language restrictions placed on the selection of the studies. However, we only used studies that were published in English language or had an official English translation in our final review. Results: A total of 134 published articles were identified using our search strategy. Of these only 28 articles were deemed eligible for a full-text review. Of the twenty eight articles 20 were case reports, 5 were case series and 3 were retrospective chart reviews. We did not identify any randomized controlled trials (RCT) for the use of ECT in individuals with dementia. A total of 8 articles evaluated the use of ECT in individuals with dementia and depressive symptoms. Seven articles evaluated the use of ECT in individuals having agitation and aggression in dementia. Two articles each evaluated the use of ECT in individuals with dementia who had psychotic features, catatonic symptoms and yelling & screaming. One article identified the use of ECT individual who has manic symptoms. A total of 6 articles that evaluated in use of ECT in individuals with dementia looked at one or more behavioral symptoms. All of the studies under review reported symptomatic benefits in individual with dementia. We found that on average 4-8 sessions of ECT were used in these studies. Majority of studies reported significant side effects with the use of ECT including cardiovascular and neurological adverse effects. Conclusions: Available evidence from this systematic review indicates that there are no RCTs for the use of ECT in individuals with dementia. Current evidence from 28 non-randomized studies reported symptomatic benefits from ECT for a variety of symptoms in individuals with dementia including depression, mania, yelling & screaming, agitation and a combination of these symptoms. Despite showing symptomatic benefit, a majority of the studies also indicate that the use of ECT results in significant adverse effects namely cardiovascular and neurological effects in these individuals. It can be summarized data from this systematic review indicates that ECT may be beneficial in certain individuals with dementia and behavioral symptoms but significant adverse events may limit its use in these vulnerable individuals.
Antidepressive treatments for Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Depression affects 50 to 70% of Parkinson's disease patients resulting in significant comorbidity, executive dysfunction, and poorer quality of life. Different modalities have resulted in variable results precluding distinct recommendations for treatment. Our objective is to perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating the efficacy of behavioral, pharmacologic, and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for depression in idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Methods: The following databases were searched: PubMed, CINAHL, EMBASE, and PsycInfo, as well as the trials registers, ClinicalTrials.gov and the Cochrane Central Register. Bibliographies of relevant articles were also cross-referenced. This review included RCTs that compared pharmacologic, behavioral, or rTMS with a placebo or with other drugs or methods with no restrictions on participant age, gender, and duration or setting of treatment. Eligibility assessment was performed independently in an unblinded standardized manner. Identified records were sequentially screened according to eligibility criteria with full texts subsequently reviewed. Disagreement after full text review was resolved by consensus and a third reviewer. Differences in mean depression score and 95% confidence intervals were calculated. Results: A total of 893 idiopathic Parkinson's disease patients with clinical depression across 20 RCTs were included in the analysis. The overall standard mean difference for all pharmacologic interventions was 0.30 (95% CI -0.00, 0.61, p = 0.054). On stratification of pharmacologic treatments, however, there was a distinct difference in effect between antidepressants, specifically SSRIs and TCAs (SMD of 0.54 (95% CI 0.24, 0.83, p = 0.000), and non-antidepressant medications SMD of -0.29 (95% CI -0.86, 0.29, p = 0.328). Behavioral interventions demonstrated significant efficacy with an effect size of 0.86 (95% CI 0.4, 1.32, p = 0.000), with CBT contributing the largest effect. Conclusions: Both antidepressants, specifically SSRIs, and behavioral interventions, specifically CBT, significantly improved depression among Parkinson's disease patients. rTMS is also a promising form of treatment.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for apathy in mild cognitive impairment$$$ Introduction: Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) is a precursor of dementia. Prevalence of MCI is increasing with over 10,000 baby boomers turning 65 years of age each day. Apathy, the most common behavioral problem in MCI, affects over 60% of these patients. The presence of apathy increases the chance of MCI patients converting to Alzheimer's Dementia. There is urgent need for non-pharmacological interventions for apathy since most of these patients have multiple comorbidities and already on several medications, making pharmacological treatments less attractive. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), a non-invasive tool, has been recently approved for treatment of refractory depression. Since dysfunction in the frontal lobe of the brain is seen in patients with apathy, rTMS to the frontal lobe might be helpful in treating the same. This study used an enhanced sham treatment which is a major technological advancement in the field of rTMS treatment. Our objective was to determine the efficacy of rTMS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in treating apathy in MCI in comparison to sham treatment. To compare the efficacy of rTMS to the DLPFC on executive function in MCI in comparison to sham treatment. Methods: Our team conducted a randomized sham controlled double blind cross-over study of daily rTMS. Subjects with MCI and apathy meeting strict inclusion and exclusion criteria were randomized to a total of 20 sessions of treatment (2 weeks sham, 2 weeks rTMS, with 4 weeks of washout period). Subjects were randomly assigned to rTMS or sham treatment after consent. After 2 weeks of treatment there was a 4 week period with no treatment. At the end of the 4-week wash out period, subjects were crossed over to the next treatment arm (i.e. those who received rTMS in the beginning will receive sham treatment and vice versa). Subjects were followed for four additional weeks after treatment. Apathy was assessed using the Apathy Evaluation Scale. Memory, executive function, functional status and caregiver burden were assessed. Results: 79 subjects were screened. 14 met all inclusion and exclusion criteria and were randomized. Increased risk for seizures such as being treated with medications that lower seizure threshold was the main reason for screen failures followed by having implants that would preclude them from rTMS treatment. Treatment parameters were set at 10hz stimulation, 120% Motor threshold (MT), and 3000 pulses per treatment although there were protocols in place to lower the MT if necessary. One subject could not tolerate the treatment due to discomfort and was removed from the study. Mean age was 65.6 (±9.3) years, 4 were Caucasian and 5 African American and 8 were male and 1 female. Mean MMSE score was 25.6 (±2.6), and AES was 40.1 (±5.8) at baseline. Treatment site discomfort was the most common adverse event. None of the subjects had a seizure. Data has been double entered and cross-checked. We are currently working with the sponsor to unblind the coils. Wilcoxon signed ranks tests comparing change scores (treatment-baseline) on the AES and MMSE during active and sham treatment will be performed. Treatment order effects will be determined using the Mann-Whitney U test. Carryover effects will be tested by the Wilcoxon signed ranks tests to compare baseline scores for each treatment phase. Conclusions: Preliminary analyses suggest that rTMS could be used safely in patients with MCI. Definitive study with large sample size and longer duration of treatment is needed.
Chronic enhancement of serotonin facilitates excitatory tDCS induced neuroplasticity$$$ Objective: Serotonin affects memory formation via modulating long-term potentiation and depression. Accordingly, single-dose application of a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) enhanced LTP-like plasticity induced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in humans. Clinically it usually takes weeks for SSRI to relieve symptoms, possibly related to chronic serotonergic enhancement on plasticity. We explored the impact of chronic SSRI application on tDCS-induced neuroplasticity in healthy humans in a randomized, double-blinded, crossover study. Furthermore, via NMDA receptor block we explored the dependency of plasticity induction from the glutamatergic system. Methods: 12 subjects received anodal or cathodal tDCS over the primary motor cortex with placebo medication. Afterwards, they took citalopram (20 mg/day) for 35 days, and four additional tDCS sessions were applied (citalopram combined with dextromethorphan or placebo + anodal/cathodal tDCS). Plasticity was monitored by motor evoked potentials with transcranial magnetic stimulation. Results: Citalopram increased LTP-like plasticity duration for over 24 h, and converted LTD-like plasticity into facilitation. These effects were abolished by dextromethorphan. Conclusions: Chronic serotonergic enhancement results in a strengthening of LTP-like glutamatergic plasticity, which lasts relevantly longer compared to single dose application Key message: The results might partially explain the delayed therapeutic impact of SSRI in neuropsychiatric diseases.
Polarity independent suppression of long-term associative plasticity in the human SMA-M1 network by simultaneous tDCS$$$ Introduction: Excitability and connectivity of the supplementary motor area (SMA) and primary motor cortex (M1) are important for motor rehabilitation after stroke. Previously, we demonstrated that paired associative stimulation of SMA and M1 (SMA-M1-PAS) by dual coil transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) may induce STDP-like plasticity in this network. Here, we tested the influence of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on SMA-M1 plasticity. Methods: 15 healthy right-handed men participated in this pseudo-randomized, double-blinded, crossover study. Subjects received simultaneously two blocks of neuronavigated SMA- before-M1 PAS and anodal, cathodal or sham tDCS over the left M1 in three different sessions. Motor-evoked potentials (MEP) quantified changes in SMA-M1-Plasticity. Results: SMA-M1-PAS resulted in an LTP-like MEP amplitude increase 60% of the subjects in the sham tDCS condition ('responders'), but LTD-like MEP decreases in 15 subjects ('non-responders'). In 7 of the 9 responders, the LTP-like MEP increase was suppressed or even turned into MEP depression both in the anodal and cathodal tDCS condition. In contrast, in all 6 non-responders anodal and cathodal tDCS led to less MEP suppression or even turned it into facilitation. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate a negative interaction between tDCS-induced excitability modulation and PAS-induced associative plasticity in the human SMA-M1 network, independent of tDCS-polarity.
Epigenetic alterations of the glia cell-derived neurotrophic factor and response to electroconvulsive stimulation$$$ Purpose of the study: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) belongs to the most efficient treatments for major depression but its mechanisms remain elusive. Neurotrophic factors and their epigenetic status most likely play a role in the pathogenesis and treatment of depression. Thus, recent studies have focused on possible epigenetic biomarkers which could predict therapy response to different antidepressant treatments. Glial Cell Line-Derived Neurotrophic Factor (GDNF) expression has been shown to be restored during a successful antidepressant therapy in MDD patient's serum [1]. Furthermore, epigenetic marks in GDNF's promoter affect the susceptibility and adaption towards chronic stressful life events in a rodent model [2]. Interestingly, the neuroprotective effect of ECS in a Parkinson's disease rat model has been shown to be crucially dependent on GDNF [3]. The aim of this study was to investigate if methylation of the GDNF promoter and GDNF expression is changed by electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS) and if possible changes are related to treatment response. Methods: We have previously shown that outbred rats from Charles River (Sulzfeld, Germany) exhibit increased anxiety-related behavior and response to chronic unpredictable mild stress (CUMS) compared to stressresistant rats from Janvier Labs (Saint Berthevin, France). Therefore we chose to investigate changes due to ECStreatment in rats bred by Janvier and response to therapy in rats bred by Charles River. Male wistar rats (9 weeks) were subjected to CUMS and randomly assigned to ECS or sham stimulation. ECS was applied via auricular or cortical stimulation and delivered once daily for 5 days [4]. According to Christensen et al., positive treatment responders were anhedonic-like rats showing a >20%, non-responders rats showing a <20% and negative responders rats showing a decrease of >50% within-subject difference in Sucrose Preference Test [5]. Methylation analysis of the negative regulatory region of the GDNF promoter was performed in blood, hippocampus and prefrontal cortex (PFC) with bisulfite sequencing technique. GDNF expression in the hippocampus and PFC of rats was determined via a sandwich ELISA. Results: Mixed linear modelling showed higher GDNF methylation and expression in the hippocampus after ECS in the stress-resistant Janvier rats (p<0.001). In Charles River rats, ECS led to lowered promoter methylation and lower expression of GDNF in the hippocampus but heightened GDNF promoter methylation and expression in the PFC of stimulated rats (both p<0.001). Hypermethylation of the GDNF promoter was also present in the blood of Charles River rats (p<0.001). Analysis of differences between responders and nonresponders revealed that the observed differences were driven by response-type: Positive responders showed lower methylation and expression of GDNF in the hippocampus and higher methylation in the PFC and blood compared to non-responders and negative responders (all p≤0.001). Conclusions: Our preliminary results show that GDNF promoter methylation and expression is changed by ECS. Furthermore, we could show that the observed changes are especially present in responders to ECS in a rat model of depression. Ongoing work should establish whether our results translate to humans and if peripheral GDNF expression and methylation status could serve as a biomarker for responsiveness to ECT.
Impact of psychotic symptoms in functionality and quality of life of major depression patients in maintenance/continuation eletro-convulsive therapy (M/C ECT)$$$ Introduction Psychotic depression has a higher rate of disability and relapse than non psychotic depression, however the optimal maintenance treatment after an acute response to either the antidepressant/ antipsychotic combination or an ECT course is unclear (Rothschild, 2013). Although ECT is an effective therapy in affective disorders and M/C ECT is used to achieve and maintain patient's stability (Brown, 2014), very little is known about its implications in functionality or quality of life. Objectives To study the relation between psychotic symptoms and functionality and quality of life in patients with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) undergoing M/C ECT. Methodology Transversal descriptive study of a sample of 17 MDD patients in M/C ECT. Administration of SF-36 (quality of life related to health), FAQ (functionality), Family APGAR, MMSE, GAF, HDRS. Informed consent. Statistical analysis with SPSS18. Results The mean age of the sample was 72.47 years, 58.8% presented with psychotic symptoms and 41.2% with melancholic symptoms. We only found a statistically significant negative correlation between the Family APGAR and the presence of psychotic symptoms (U= -2.291, P = 0.025), without other differences in terms of functionality or quality of life. Conclusions This study supports that there is no implication in the presence of psychotic symptoms regarding functionality or quality of life among the patients undergoing M/C ECT. We emphasize the need for randomized control trials to disentangle the effects of multiple variables on the functionality and quality of life of patients in M/C ECT.
The influence of treatment modality on long-term neurocognitive functioning in treatment resistant bipolar depressed inpatients treated with pharmacotherapy or electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction Bipolar depression is difficult to manage, and causes considerable disability and distress for patients and their surroundings. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment, but there are concerns regarding long-term neurocognitive impairment, and in particular autobiographical memory. Objectives To compare the long-term effects of algorithm-based pharmacologic treatment (APT) and ECT in treatment-resistant bipolar depression as measured with standard neurocognitive tests and autobiographical memory interview. Aims To examine the long-term neurocognitive effects of ECT. Methods In this multicenter randomized controlled trial 73 in-patients with treatment resistant bipolar depression were randomized to either APT or unilateral ECT. Patients were assessed at baseline and at 6 months. Neurocognitive functions were assessed with the MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB), Wechsler Abbreviated Scale of Intelligence (WASI) and the Autobiographical Memory Inventory - Short form (AMI-SF). At 6 months, neurocognitive data were available for 26 patients (APT n = 11, ECT n = 15). Results There were no group-differences at baseline. At 6 months, there was no group-difference in MCCB-score (APT 44.9 vs. ECT 46.0, P-value: 0.707), or WASI total IQ-score (APT 103.9 vs. ECT 107.2, P-value: 0.535). There were indications of (P-value: 0.109) poorer AMI-SF consistency score in the ECT group (APT 72.3% vs. ECT 64.3%). Conclusions This study does not find that ECT causes long-term impairment in neurocognitive function as measured with standard neuropsychological tests. We find a trend towards poorer autobiographical memory in the ECT-group, and there needs to be further research regarding this.
Structural plasticity of the hippocampus and amygdala induced by electroconvulsive therapy in major depression$$$ Background Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) elicits a rapid and robust clinical response in patients with refractory depression. Neuroimaging measurements of structural plasticity relating to and predictive of ECT response may point to the mechanisms underlying rapid antidepressant effects and establish biomarkers to inform other treatments. Here, we determine the effects of diagnosis and of ECT on global and local variations of hippocampal and amygdala structures in major depression and predictors of ECT-related clinical response. Methods Longitudinal changes in hippocampal and amygdala structures were examined in patients with major depression (N = 43, scanned three times: prior to ECT, after the second ECT session, and within 1 week of completing the ECT treatment series), referred for ECT as part of their standard clinical care. Cross-sectional comparisons with demographically similar controls (N = 32, scanned twice) established effects of diagnosis. Results Patients showed smaller hippocampal volumes than controls at baseline (p <.04). Both the hippocampal and the amygdala volumes increased with ECT (p <.001) and in relation to symptom improvement (p <.01). Hippocampal volume at baseline predicted subsequent clinical response (p <.05). Shape analysis revealed pronounced morphometric changes in the anterior hippocampus and basolateral and centromedial amygdala. All structural measurements remained stable across time in controls. Conclusions ECT-induced neuroplasticity in the hippocampus and amygdala relates to improved clinical response and is pronounced in regions with prominent connections to ventromedial prefrontal cortex and other limbic structures. Smaller hippocampal volumes at baseline predict a more robust clinical response. Neurotrophic processes including neurogenesis shown in preclinical studies may underlie these structural changes.
Practical guidance for prescribing trazodone extended-release in major depression$$$ Introduction: Treatment of major depressive disorder aims for symptom remission and recovery of function, and involves a multifaceted approach including drug therapy, evidence-based psychotherapy, and electroconvulsive therapy, according to disease severity. Antidepressant monotherapy is generally the first-line approach for moderate to severe major depressive disorder (with or without psychotherapy). In some severe cases, patients may require the addition of antipsychotic therapy, electroconvulsive therapy, or antidepressant combination therapy.Areas covered: This article examines the use of trazodone in major depressive disorder, with a focus on practical guidance regarding the use of trazodone extended-release (Contramid®).Expert opinion: The extended-release once-a-day formulation of trazodone may provide a combination of efficacy and improved tolerability over other antidepressants and over the conventional immediate-release formulation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: An open-label pilot study$$$ Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a severe mental illness. OCD symptoms are often resistant to available treatments. Abnormalities within the orbitofronto-striato-pallido-thalamic circuitry, especially orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) hyperactivity and cerebellar hypoactivity have been observed in patients. Non-invasive brain stimulation studies have indicated that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may be a useful alternative to alleviate treatment-resistant symptoms in various neuropsychiatric conditions. Methods: In an open-label pilot study, 8 patients with treatment-resistant OCD received 10 sessions (twice a day) of 2 mA tDCS applied with the cathode over the left OFC and the anode over the right cerebellum. OCD (Y-BOCS and OCD-VAS) as well as depressive (MADRS) symptoms were measured 4 times: one time before tDCS and 3 times after (immediately after, 1 and 3 months after the 10th tDCS session). Results: We reported a significant 26.4% (± 15.8) decrease of Y-BOCS score (p = 0.002). The beneficial effect lasted during the 3 month follow-up. No effect of tDCS was observed on depressive symptoms. At end point, 5 out of 8 patients had a decrease of ≥ 25%; and 3 out of 8 patients had a decrease of ≥ 35% in Y-BOCS score. tDCS was well tolerated. Conclusion: tDCS with the cathode placed over the left OFC combined with the anode placed over the right cerebellum is a suitable and safe approach to decrease OCD symptoms in patients with treatment-resistant OCD. Large scale randomized controlled studies are needed to confirm this promising result.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for depression: Results of nearly a decade of clinical research$$$ Objective Since 2006 transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been investigated in the treatment of depression. In this review, we discuss the implications and clinical perspectives that tDCS may have as a therapeutic tool in depression from the results reported in this domain. Methods A comprehensive literature review has found nearly thirty articles - all in English - on this topic, corresponding to clinical studies, placebo-controlled or not, case reports and reviews. Results Several meta-analyses showed that the antidepressant effects of active tDCS are significant against placebo, but variable, mainly due to the heterogeneity of the patients included in the studies, for example regarding the resistance to antidepressant treatment. Conclusions Specific recommendations for the use of tDCS in treating depression may not yet be available, but some elements of good practice can be highlighted. Of particular note is that anodal tDCS of the left prefrontal cortex at 2 mA for 20 minutes per day has a potential therapeutic value without risk of significant side effects: tDCS offers safe conditions for clinical use in the treatment of depression.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Managing Mild Traumatic Brain Injury-Related Headaches$$$ Objective Headache is one of the most common debilitating chronic pain conditions in either active or retired military personnel with mild traumatic brain injury (MTBI). This study assessed the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in alleviating MTBI-related headache (MTBI-HA). Materials and Method Veterans with MTBI-HA were randomized to receive either real rTMS (REAL group) at 10 hz for a total of 2000 pulses divided into 20 trains with one-sec inter-train interval or sham rTMS (SHAM group) at the left motor cortex (LMC) with brain magnetic resonance imaging neuronavigation guidance. Pretreatment, posttreatment one-week and four-week headache and neuropsychological assessments were conducted. Result Thirty veterans were screened and twenty four (21 men and 3 women with average year-old ± SD at 14.3 ± 12.6) subjects' data were analyzed. A two-factor (visit × treatment) repeated measures analysis of variance (RM-ANOVA) indicated a close to significant (p = 0.06) trend of interaction between pretreatment and posttreatment one-week assessment with the intensity of the persistent daily headache decreasing from 5.7 ± 1.9 to 2.2 ± 2.7 and 4.6 ± 1.3 to 3.5 ± 2.0 for the REAL and SHAM groups, respectively. Subsequent analyses indicated REAL group demonstrated a significantly (p = 0.041) higher % of reduction in persistent headache intensity than the SHAM group (56.3 ± 48.2% vs.15.4 ± 43.6%) at the posttreatment one-week assessment and the trend continued to the four-week assessment. Overall, a significantly (p = 0.035) higher percentage of the subjects in the REAL group (58.3%) demonstrated at least a 50% headache intensity reduction at posttreatment one-week assessment compared with the SHAM group (16.6%). The overall composite score of functionally debilitating headache exacerbation is significantly (p = 0.017) reduced in REAL group at the posttreatment four-week assessment in comparison with the SHAM group. No major sustained change in neuropsychological assessments was noted. Conclusion The studied rTMS protocol appears to be a clinically feasible and effective treatment option in managing MTBI-HA.
Exploring the efficacy of a 5-day course of transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) on depression and memory function in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ Introduction: Depression and memory dysfunction significantly impact the quality of life of patients with epilepsy. Current therapies for these cognitive and psychiatric comorbidities are limited. We explored the efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) for treating depression and memory dysfunction in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE). Methods: Thirty-seven (37) adults with well-controlled TLE were enrolled in a double-blinded, sham-controlled, randomized, parallel-group study of 5 days of fixed-dose (2. mA, 20 min) TDCS. Subjects were randomized to receive either real or sham TDCS, both delivered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Patients received neuropsychological testing and a 20-minute scalp EEG at baseline immediately after the TDCS course and at 2- and 4-week follow-up. Results: There was improvement in depression scores immediately after real TDCS, but not sham TDCS, as measured by changes in the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI change: - 1.68 vs. 1.27, p. <. 0.05) and NDDI-E (- 0.83 vs. 0.9091, p. = 0.05). There was no difference between the groups at the 2- or 4-week follow-up. There was no effect on delayed or working memory performance. Transcranial direct current stimulation was well-tolerated and did not increase seizure frequency or interictal discharge frequency. Transcranial direct current stimulation induced an increase in delta frequency band power over the frontal region and delta, alpha, and theta band power in the occipital region after real stimulation compared to sham stimulation, although the difference did not reach statistical significance. Discussion: This study provides evidence for the use of TDCS as a safe and well-tolerated nonpharmacologic approach to improving depressive symptoms in patients with well-controlled TLE. However, there were no changes in memory function immediately following or persisting after a stimulation course. Further studies may determine optimal stimulation parameters for maximal mood benefit.
RTMS in alleviating mild TBI related headaches – A case series$$$ Background: Headache is one of the most common debilitating chronic pain conditions in patients with mild traumatic brain injury. Conventional pharmacological treatments have not been shown to be effective in alleviating debilitating mild traumatic brain injury related headaches (MTBI-HA). Therefore, the development of an innovative non-invasive therapy in managing MTBI-HA is needed in the field of pain management. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) utilizes a basic electromagnetic coupling principle in which a rapid discharge of electrical current is converted into dynamic magnetic flux, allowing the induction of a localized current in the brain for neuromodulation. The treatment is currently FDA approved for treating depression in the United States. Recent meta-analysis studies have implicated its usage in chronic pain management. Objective: The objective of the prospective case series is to assess the potential application of rTMS in alleviating MTBI-HA. Study Design: A prospective evaluation was conducted in patients with established diagnoses of MTBIHA and treated with neuronavigational guided rTMS. Setting: The study was conducted at the Veteran Administration San Diego Healthcare System where over 400 patients with MTBI were being evaluated annually by the Rehabilitation Medicine Service. A fraction of this patient population was referred and evaluated in the Anesthesia Pain Clinic for the consideration of rTMS for their headaches. Methods: A prospective case series was conducted with human subject protection committee approval. Patients with established diagnoses of MTBI and constant headaches rated at ≥ 4 on a 0 – 10 Numerical Rating Pain Scale (NRPS), and on stable headache medication regimens were selected to receive the treatment. Four sessions of rTMS were delivered to specific areas of cortices over a 2-month period. Patients’ average intensities of lingering constant headaches (defined as duration of headache lasting more than 48 hours), and the average frequency (number of severe headache episodes per day), intensity (NRPS), and duration (hours) of headache exacerbations were assessed before and after the rTMS treatment protocol. Results: Six men (average age of 50) with MTBI-HA received the rTMS treatment protocol. Average pre and post-rTMS constant headache scores (± SD) on the NRPS were 5.50 (± 1.38) and 2.67 (± 1.75), respectively, with an average post-rTMS headache intensity reduction of 53.05% (± 19.90). The average headache exacerbation frequency (episodes per week) was reduced by 78.97% (± 19.88) with 2 patients reporting complete cessation of severe headache episodes. For those (N = 4) with persistent headache exacerbations, the average duration and intensity of these exacerbations were reduced by 50.0% and 31.7%, respectively. Limitations: This prospective evaluation provides the initial insight that rTMS may be beneficial in alleviating a debilitating chronic pain condition in patients with MTBI-HA. More controlled randomized studies should be conducted to validate its efficacy. Other co-existing cognitive and mood dysfunction should be assessed as well. Conclusions: rTMS offers a non-invasive treatment option for MTBI-HA. The tested treatment protocol was well tolerated by the patients and can be adopted for future randomized controlled studies in further validating the treatment efficacy.
Therapeutic Efficacy of Neurostimulation for Depression: Techniques, Current Modalities, and Future Challenges$$$ Depression is the most prevalent debilitating mental illness; it is characterized as a disorder of mood, cognitive function, and neurovegetative function. About one in ten individuals experience depression at some stage of their lives. Antidepressant drugs are used to reduce the symptoms but relapse occurs in ~20% of patients. However, alternate therapies like brain stimulation techniques have shown promising results in this regard. This review covers the brain stimulation techniques electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial direct current stimulation, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation, and deep brain stimulation, which are used as alternatives to antidepressant drugs, and elucidates their research and clinical outcomes.
Prevention of relapse and recurrence in adults with major depressive disorder: Systematic review and meta-analyses of controlled trials$$$ Background: Findings of substantial remaining morbidity in treated major depressive disorder (MDD) led us to review controlled trials of treatments aimed at preventing early relapses or later recurrences in adults diagnosed with MDD to summarize available data and to guide further research. Methods: Reports (n = 97) were identified through systematic, computerized literature searching up to February 2015. Treatment versus control outcomes were summarized by random-effects meta-analyses. Results: In 45 reports of 72 trials (n = 14 450 subjects) lasting 33.4 weeks, antidepressants were more effective than placebos in preventing relapses (response rates [RR] = 1.90, confidence interval [CI]: 1.73-2.08; NNT = 4.4; p < 0.0001). In 35 reports of 37 trials (n = 7253) lasting 27.0 months, antidepressants were effective in preventing recurrences (RR = 2.03, CI 1.80-2.28; NNT = 3.8; p < 0.0001), with minor differences among drug types. In 17 reports of 22 trials (n = 1 969) lasting 23.7 months, psychosocial interventions yielded inconsistent or inconclusive results. Conclusions: Despite evidence of the efficacy of drug treatment compared to placebos or other controls, the findings further underscore the substantial, unresolved morbidity in treated MDD patients and strongly encourage further evaluations of specific, improved individual and combination therapies (pharmacological and psychological) conducted over longer times, as well as identifying clinical predictors of positive or unfavorable responses and of intolerability of long-term treatments in MDD.
Randomized pilot study of two maintenance strategies of neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with major depression$$$ Study Objective: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an effective acute treatment for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), but an important unanswered question is what is the ideal strategy for maintaining symptom benefit once a patient has had an initial response to TMS. This pilot study examined the efficacy over one-year of once monthly scheduled maintenance TMS treatment compared to monthly observation for the prevention of symptomatic worsening in patients who had shown a clinical response to acute TMS treatment. METHODS: Pharmacotherapy-free patients with unipolar, non-psychotic MDD, who had failed to receive benefit from prior antidepressant treatment were enrolled. Patients meeting criteria (HAMD17 <15 and >25 % improvement) at the end of a fixed six-week acute treatment were randomized to either once monthly maintenance TMS or monthly observation. Patients in either arm received TMS reintroduction for protocol defined symptomatic worsening (HAMD17 ≥16 and worsening ≥25 %). RESULTS: Sixty-seven medication-free patients were enrolled of whom 49 met randomization criteria (N = 23 to scheduled treatment and N = 26 to observation only); 42 of 67 (63%) patients remitted with acute treatment (HAMD17<8). The primary outcome, comparison of evaluable patients not requiring TMS reintroduction at any time point during the maintenance phase, was 5/16 patients (31.3%) with maintenance vs. 4/16 patients (25.0%) for the observation arm (p = NS). The mean (SD) number of days after end of acute TMS series until the first re-introduction TMS treatment was 103.5 (61.3) days for monthly TMS vs. 97.8 (59.1) days for observation only (p = NS). Of those participants needing retreatment during the maintenance phase, 17 (58.6%) required 1 retreatment period, and 10 (34.4%) required 2. CONCLUSIONS: In this pilot study, prophylactic TMS delivered once per month did not significantly delay the time until re-treatment was needed or reduce the proportion of patients who needed re-treatment. The study did confirm that it is feasible to maintain treatment resistant MDD patients with TMS alone over the course of 1 year. Although TMS reintroduction was needed in the majority of this medication-free group, most patients required no more than two unique retreatment series. The results suggest that a brain stimulation treatment may require different, sequenced approaches to maintenance, for example, observation at first, moving to prophylaxis as a second stage and reserving combination with pharmaceuticals as a last step. FUNDING: This study was funded by Neuronetics, Inc.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation potentiates glutamatergic neurotransmission in depressed adolescents$$$ Abnormalities in glutamate neurotransmission may have a role in the pathophysiology of adolescent depression. The present pilot study examined changes in cortical glutamine/glutamate ratios in depressed adolescents receiving high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Ten adolescents with treatment-refractory major depressive disorder received up to 30 sessions of 10-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation at 120% motor threshold with 3000 pulses per session applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Baseline, posttreatment, and 6-month follow-up proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy scans of the anterior cingulate cortex and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex were collected at 3 T with 8-cm3 voxels. Glutamate metabolites were quantified with 2 distinct proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy sequences in each brain region. After repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and at 6 months of follow-up, glutamine/glutamate ratios increased in the anterior cingulate cortex and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with both measurements. The increase in the glutamine/glutamate ratio reached statistical significance with the TE-optimized PRESS sequence in the anterior cingulate cortex. Glutamine/glutamate ratios increased in conjunction with depressive symptom improvement. This reached statistical significance with the TE-optimized PRESS sequence in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may modulate glutamate neurochemistry in depressed adolescents.
Unanswered questions in the transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of patients with depression$$$ According to the WHO fact sheet depression is a common mental disorder affecting 350 million people of all ages worldwide. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a technique which allows the investigator to stimulate and study cortical functions in healthy subjects and patients suffering from various mental and neurological disorders. In the early 1990s, studies revealed that it is possible to evoke long term mood changes in healthy volunteers by rapid rate repetitive, TMS (rTMS) over the frontal cortex. Subsequent studies involving depressed patients found frontal cortical rTMS administered daily to be clinically effective. In the past two decades, numerous trials examined the therapeutic potential of rTMS application in the treatment of mood disorders with constantly evolving treatment protocols. The aim of this paper is to review the literature of the past two decades, focusing on trials addressing the efficacy and safety of rTMS in depressed patients. Our primary goal is to evaluate the results in order to direct future studies which may help investigators in the development of treatment protocols suitable in hospital settings. The time is not far when TMS devices will be used routinely by practitioners primarily for therapeutic purpose rather than clinical research. To our knowledge, a widely accepted "gold standard" that would offer the highest efficacy, with the best tolerability has not been established yet. In order to approach this goal, the most important factors to be addressed by further studies are: localization, frequency, intensity, concurrent medication, maintenance treatments, number of pulses, trains, unilateral, or bilateral mode of application.
Transcranial stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex prevents stress-induced working memory deficits$$$ Stress isknownto impair workingmemoryperformance. This disruptive effect of stress on workingmemoryhas been linked to a decrease in the activity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). In the present experiment, we tested whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the dlPFC can prevent stress-induced working memory impairments. We tested 120 healthy participants in a 2 d, sham-controlled, double-blind between-subjects design. Participants completed a test of their individual baseline working memory capacity on day 1. On day 2, participants were exposed to either a stressor or a control manipulation before they performed a visuospatial and a verbal working memory task. While participants completed the tasks, anodal, cathodal, or sham tDCS was applied over the right dlPFC. Stress impaired working memory performance in both tasks, albeit to a lesser extent in the verbal compared with the visuospatial workingmemorytask. This stress-induced workingmemoryimpairment was prevented by anodal, but not sham or cathodal, stimulation of the dlPFC. Compared with sham or cathodal stimulation, anodal tDCS led to significantly better working memory performance in both tasks after stress. Our findings indicate a causal role of the dlPFC in working memory impairments after acute stress and point to anodal tDCS as a promising tool to reduce cognitive deficits related to working memory in stress-related mental disorders, such as depression, schizophrenia, or post-traumatic stress disorder.
Role of glutamate receptors and glial cells in the pathophysiology of treatment-resistant depression$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) causes substantial socioeconomic burden. Although a consensus on the definition of TRD has not yet been reached, it is certain that classic monoaminergic antidepressants are ineffective for TRD. One decade ago, many researchers found ketamine, an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antagonist, to be an alternative to classic monoaminergic antidepressants. The major mechanisms of action of ketamine rapidly induce synaptogenesis in the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) pathway. Although excessive glutamatergic neurotransmission and consequent excitotoxicity were considered a major cause of TRD, recent evidence suggests that the extrasynaptic glutamatergic receptor signal pathway mainly contributes to the detrimental effects of TRD. Glial cells such as microglia and astrocytes, early life adversity, and glucocorticoid receptor dysfunction participate in complex cross-talk. An appropriate reuptake of glutamate at the astrocyte is crucial for preventing ‘spill-over’ of synaptic glutamate and binding to the extrasynaptic NMDA receptor. Excessive microglial activation and the inflammatory process cause astrocyte glutamatergic dysfunction, which in turn activates microglial function. Early life adversity and glucocorticoid receptor dysfunction result in vulnerability to stress in adulthood. A maladaptive response to stress leads to increased glutamatergic release and pro-inflammatory cytokines, which then activate microglia. However, since the role of inflammatory mediators such as pro-inflammatory cytokines is not specific for depression, more disease-specific mechanisms should be identified. Last, although much research has focused on ketamine as an alternative antidepressant for TRD, its long-lasting effectiveness and adverse events have not been rigorously demonstrated. Additionally, evidence suggests that substantial brain abnormalities develop in ketamine abusers. Thus, more investigations for ketamine and other novel glutamatergic agents are needed.
A Bayesian framework systematic review and meta-analysis of anesthetic agents effectiveness/tolerability profile in electroconvulsive therapy for major depression$$$ The aim of this study was to assess the efficacy and tolerability/acceptability of 6 anesthetic agents in ECT for depressive disorders. We systematically reviewed 14 double-blind randomized controlled trials (610 participants). Efficacy was measured by the mean scores on validated depression scales at 6 ECT (or the nearest score if not available), number of responders at the end of treatment and seizure duration. The acceptability was measured by the proportion of patients who dropped out of the allocated treatment, and the tolerability by the number of serious adverse events and post-treatment cognition assessment. After excluding the trials responsible for heterogeneity, depression scores of patients who were administered methohexital were found to be significantly more improved than those who received propofol (p = 0.001). On the contrary, those who were administered propofol had lower depression scores than those with thiopental at the end of treatment (p = 0.002). Compared to propofol, methohexital was found to be significantly associated with higher seizure duration (p = 0.018). No difference was found for the acceptability profile (all p > 0.05). In summary, ketamine and methohexital may be preferred to propofol or thiopental in regard of effectiveness in depression scores and increased seizure duration. Further studies are warranted to compare ketamine and methohexital.
Speed of recovery from disorientation may predict the treatment outcome of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in elderly patients with major depression$$$ Background No study has previously investigated whether the speed of recovery from disorientation in the post-ictal period may predict the short-term treatment outcome of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods This longitudinal cohort study included 57 elderly patients with unipolar or bipolar major depression, aged 60-85 years, treated with formula-based ECT. Treatment outcome was assessed weekly during the ECT course using the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD17). The post-ictal reorientation time (PRT) was assessed at the first and third treatments. Results Longer PRTs at the first and third treatments predicted a more rapid decline and a lower end-point in continuous HRSD17 scores (p=0.002 and 0.019, respectively). None of the patients who recovered from disorientation in less than 5 min met the remission criterion, defined as an HRSD17 score of 7 or less. A greater increment in stimulus dosage from the first to the third ECT session rendered a smaller relative decline in PRT (p<0.001). Limitations The limited number of subjects may reduce the generalizability of the findings. Conclusions The speed of recovery from disorientation at the first and third sessions seems to be a predictor of the treatment outcome of formula-based ECT, at least in elderly patients with major depression. It remains to be clarified how the PRT may be utilized to guide stimulus dosing.
Has psychiatry tamed the "ketamine tiger?" Considerations on its use for depression and anxiety$$$ Ketamine has been available for approximately 50. years as an anesthetic agent. It is known to have potent effects on the central nervous system glutamatergic system, in particular blockade of N-methyl-. d-aspartate (NMDA) receptors. Based upon pre-clinical evidence of involvement of the glutamatergic system in mood disorders, studies have been undertaken to test the antidepressant properties of ketamine. Several well-controlled studies, along with open-label case series, have established that ketamine can have rapid antidepressant effects. Additionally, data exist showing benefits of ketamine in post-traumatic stress disorder as well as obsessive compulsive disorder. However, improvements in these conditions tend to be short-lived with single infusions of ketamine. Of concern, ketamine has been associated with neurotoxicity in pre-clinical rodent models and is well-known to cause psychotomimetic effects and addiction in humans. While ketamine has been proven safe for use in sub-anesthetic doses administered once or a few times, the safety profile of prolonged use has not been established. Aspects of safety, possible mechanisms of action, and future directions of ketamine research are discussed in addition to the clinical literature on its use in psychiatric conditions.
Therapeutic interventions in parkinsonism: Corticobasal degeneration$$$ Corticobasal degeneration (CBD) is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder resulting from pathological accumulation of tau protein and is included in the spectrum of Atypical Parkinsonism. The typical clinical phenotype of CBD is characterized by the Corticobasal syndrome (CBS). In recent years it has become clear that the clinical picture of CBS may be caused by different pathological conditions, resulting in frequent misdiagnosis.CBD has high morbidity and poor prognosis with no effective therapies. In this review, we will discuss the symptomatic treatment, the palliative care and the disease modifying strategies currently in use. Symptomatic treatment in patients with CBD may sometimes be useful for improving motor (parkinsonism, dystonia and myoclonus) and non-motor (cognitive-behavioral) symptoms, but the effects are often unsatisfactory. In addition, non-pharmacological strategies and palliative care are useful integrating components of the multidisciplinary therapeutic approach for patients with CBD. Despite many efforts, a disease-modifying treatment is still unavailable for CBD.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex reduces cocaine use: A pilot study$$$ Recent animal studies demonstrate that compulsive cocaine seeking strongly reduces prelimbic frontal cortex activity, while optogenetic stimulation of this brain area significantly inhibits compulsive cocaine seeking, providing a strong rationale for applying brain stimulation to reduce cocaine consumption. Thus, we employed repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), to test if dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) stimulation might prevent cocaine use in humans. Thirty-two cocaine-addicted patients were randomly assigned to either the experimental group (rTMS) on the left DLPFC, or to a control group (pharmacological agents) during a 29-day study (Stage 1). This was followed by a 63-day follow-up (Stage 2), during which all participants were offered rTMS treatment. Amongst the patients who completed Stage 1, 16 were in the rTMS group (100%) and 13 in the control group (81%). No significant adverse events were noted. During Stage 1, there were a significantly higher number of cocaine-free urine drug tests in the rTMS group compared to control (p=0.004). Craving for cocaine was also significantly lower in the rTMS group compared to the controls (p=0.038). Out of 13 patients who completed Stage 1 in the control group, 10 patients received rTMS treatment during Stage 2 and showed significant improvement with favorable outcomes becoming comparable to those of the rTMS group. The present preliminary findings support the safety of rTMS in cocaine-addicted patients, and suggest its potential therapeutic role for rTMS-driven PFC stimulation in reducing cocaine use, providing a strong rationale for developing larger placebo-controlled studies.Trial name: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in cocaine abusers, URL:〈. http://www.isrctn.com/ISRCTN15823943?q=&filters=&sort=&offset=8&totalResults=13530&page=1&pageSize=10&searchType=basic-search〉, Registration number: ISRCTN15823943.
Nonconventional interventions for chronic post-traumatic stress disorder: Ketamine, repetitive trans-cranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and alternative approaches$$$ It is alarming that only 59% of those who have post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) respond to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Many existing treatments, both pharmacological and nonpharmacological, do not directly target trauma memories that lay at the core of the PTSD pathogenesis. Notable exceptions are medications like ketamine and propranolol and trauma-focused psychotherapies like eye-movement desensitization and reprocessing therapy (developed by Shapiro) and Trauma Interventions using Mindfulness Based Extinction and Reconsolidation (TIMBER) for trauma memories (developed by Pradhan). Although the antidepressant effects of ketamine are no longer news, ketamine’s effects on treatment refractory PTSD (TR-PTSD) is a recent concept. As TR-PTSD has a marked public health burden and significant limitations in terms of treatment interventions, a thorough assessment of current strategies is required. Research to bring clarity to the underlying pathophysiology and neurobiology of TR-PTSD delineating the chemical, structural, and circuitry abnormalities will take time. In the interim, in the absence of a 1-size-fits-all therapeutic approach, pragmatically parallel lines of research can be pursued using the pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatments that have a strong theoretical rationale for efficacy. This article aims to review the current literature on interventions for PTSD, most notably ketamine, trans-cranial magnetic stimulation treatment, yoga and mindfulness interventions, and TIMBER. We present an outline for their future use, alone as well as in combination, with a hope of providing additional insights as well as advocating for developing more effective therapeutic intervention for this treatment-resistant and debilitating condition.
Neurophysiological, psychological and behavioural correlates of rTMS treatment in alcohol dependence$$$ Background: Addiction is associated with dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) dysfunction and altered brain-oscillations. High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HFrTMS) over DLPFC reportedly reduces drug craving. Its effects on neuropsychological, behavioural and neurophysiological are unclear. Methods: We assessed psychological, behavioural and neurophysiological effects of 4 sessions of 10-min adjunctive HFrTMS over the left DLPFC during two weeks during a residential programme for alcohol detoxification. Participants were randomized to active HFrTMS (10. Hz, 100% motor threshold) or sham. Immediately before the first and after the last session, 32-channels EEG was recorded and alcohol craving Visual Analogue Scale, Symptom Check List-90-R, Numeric Stroop task and Go/No-go task administered. Tests were repeated at 1-month follow-up. Results: 17 subjects (mean age 44.7 years, 4 F) were assessed. Active rTMS subjects performed better at Stroop test at end of treatment (p = 0.036) and follow up (p = 0.004) and at Go-NoGo at end of treatment (p = 0.05) and follow up (p = 0.015). Depressive symptoms decreased at end of active treatment (p = 0.036). Active-TMS showed an overall decrease of fast EEG frequencies after treatment compared to sham (p = 0.026). No significant modifications over time or group emerged for craving and number of drinks at follow up. Conclusion: 4 HFrTMS sessions over two weeks on the left DLPFC can improve inhibitory control task and selective attention and reduce depressive symptoms. An overall reduction of faster EEG frequencies was observed. Nonetheless, this schedule is ineffective in reducing craving and alcohol intake.
Comparison between the effects of intravenous morphine, tramadol, and ketorolac on stress and immune responses in patients undergoing modified radical mastectomy$$$ Objectives: Analgesics had been suspected of impairing various immune functions either directly or indirectly. Our primary objective was to compare the effects of intravenous (IV) morphine, tramadol, and ketorolac on stress and immune responses in patients who underwent modified radical mastectomy. Patients: Sixty patients randomly assigned to receive IV morphine 5mg (group M, n=20), tramadol 100mg (group T, n=20), or ketorolac 60mg (group K, n=20) at the end of surgery. Methods: Serum cortisol, prolactin were measured immediately, 40 minutes, and 24 hours postoperatively. Expressions of peripheral T lymphocytes (CD3+, CD3+CD4+, CD3+CD8+) and natural killer cells (CD3+, CD56+) were measured as percentages of total lymphocytes by flow cytometry immediately, 90 minutes, and 24 hours postoperatively. Results: After 40 minutes, cortisol level increased but prolactin decreased significantly (P=0.001), then both decreased after 24 hours (P=0.001) compared with baseline within the 3 groups. CD3, CD4, CD8, and CD56 significantly decreased at 90 minutes and 24 hours (P≤0.033) compared with baseline in the 3 groups. CD4, CD8, and CD56 significantly decreased in group M, compared with group T and K (P≤0.016) and CD3, CD8, and CD56 in group T compared with group K at 90 minutes (P≤0.024) postoperatively. After 24 hours, CD4, and CD8 decreased in group M compared with group T (P≤0.048) and CD4 and CD56 in groups M and T compared with group K (P≤0.049). Conclusions: IV morphine, tramadol, and ketorolac suppressed stress and immune responses. Ketorolac was the least immunosuppressive among the 3 drugs.
Establishing an Effective TMS Protocol for Craving in Substance Addiction: Is It Possible?$$$ Background and Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive tool with known therapeutic efficacy in various neuropsychiatric disorders, such as depression, schizophrenia, mania, and anxiety disorders. We hereby, briefly present a brief review and meta-analysis on the use of TMS for craving in substance addiction. Methods: We present our brief review and meta-analysis following the recommendations of the Cochrane group. A total of eight randomized controlled trials fulfilled eligibility criteria and were selected. A total of 199 patients were studied. Results: We found active stimulation to be superior than sham protocols only for trials focused on right DLPFC (with Hedge's g=1.48; ES (95%CI: 0.126-2.834), p=0.032. Discussion and Scientific Significance: Main meta-analysis limitations include small number of studies, high heterogeneity among studies, and high publication bias. However challenging, our exploratory analysis underscored the amelioration of craving in substance addiction for trials using high frequency TMS protocols over the right DLPFC. We hereby, propose the use of this particular TMS protocol as a promising tool in clinical research.
Two decades of an indigenously developed brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy device: A review of research work from National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences$$$ In 1993, a device to administer brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy was indigenously developed through collaboration between the National Institution for Quality and Reliability and the National Institute of Mental Health and Neurosciences (NIMHANS), Bengaluru, Karnataka, India. The additional feature of computerized recording of the electroencephalograph and electrocardiograph for both online and offline use had substantial clinical and research implications. Over the past two decades, this device has been used extensively in different academic and nonacademic settings. A considerable body of research with clinical and heuristic interest has also emanated using this device. In this paper, we present the development of this device and follow it up with a review of research conducted at NIMHANS that validate the features and potentials of this device.
Implementing treatment strategies for different types of depression$$$ Diagnosing and treating major depressive disorder (MDD) accurately and efficiently is challenging for many clinicians. Recent additions to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) as well as potential moderators of antidepressant response such as pretreatment phenomenological characteristics (eg, body mass index, drug metabolism markers) may help physicians to better stratify patients and make informed decisions on the best course of treatment to obtain remission. The evidence base suggests that combining traditional antidepressant therapy with atypical antipsychotics may increase the chance for remission. Other strategies that may help include switching to another antidepressant as monotherapy or combining lithium, thyroid hormone, or psychotherapy. Moreover, in some cases, a manualized-based psychotherapeutic approach may be an appropriate first-line or alternative treatment avenue for adults with MDD.
An open-label, pilot study of daily right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Right unilateral ultrabrief (RUL-UB) pulse width electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has attracted much research attention recently due to its smaller effect on memory than is associated with other forms of ECT, such as bitemporal placement or unilateral standard pulse width. However, RUL-UB has demonstrated slower antidepressant efficacy in comparison to the other techniques. One method to enhance the speed of response to RUL-UB ECT is administration of 5 times a week (termed "daily") treatments as opposed to the more standard twice or thrice weekly schedule. In this open label study, we treated 20 depressed patients with daily RUL-UB treatments for up to 2 weeks (ie, 10 treatments) using standardized assessments of depression and retrograde amnesia. Response and remission rates were commensurate with those reported in other recent studies using this technique with twice or thrice weekly treatment frequencies, and there was no clinically significant effect on retrograde memory function. We conclude that daily administration of RUL-UB ECT may shorten the duration of the course of ECT treatments without compromising cognition. A randomized trial comparing this technique to a thrice weekly schedule of RUL-UB treatments is indicated.
Cognition-Modulated Frontal Activity in Prediction and Augmentation of Antidepressant Efficacy: A Randomized Controlled Pilot Study$$$ Higher rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) activity correlated with frontal theta power (frontalθ) is associated with better antidepressant responses. The antidepressant efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) varied widely; however, the effects of TMS might be modulated by manipulating the pretreatment neural states. Therefore, we conducted a pilot study to investigate whether manipulated frontalθ before rTMS treatment could predict and augment antidepressant responses. A computerized rACC-engaging cognitive task (RECT) was exploited continuously for 10 min to patients with major depressive disorder. In total, 36 patients were randomized to 3 groups (Group-A: RECT[active] + rTMS[active]; Group-B: RECT[sham] + rTMS[active]; Group-C: RECT[active] + rTMS[sham]). Frontalθ and whole-brain glucose uptakes were assessed. We found that the RECT-modulated increases in frontalθ correlated well with rACC glucose uptakes. The treatment responders demonstrated a significant increase in frontalθ after RECT. Post-RECT frontalθ had good sensitivity/specificity in predicting antidepressant responses to rTMS. Group-A had more reduction in total depression scores, had more responders, and was more likely to achieve remission than other groups (Group-A [41.6%] > Group-B [16.6%] > Group-C [0%], P < 0.05). A significant enhancement in the post-1st-rTMS frontalθ was observed in Group-A responders but not in Group-B responders, supporting the argument that RECT-modulated rTMS augmented rTMS efficacy. In conclusion, this study suggests that manipulating pre-rTMS neural activity could predict and augment antidepressant effects to rTMS treatment.
Which non-pharmacological treatment is more effective on clinical parameters in patients with fibromyalgia: Balneotherapy or aerobic exercise?$$$ Objectives: This study aims to determine the effects of non-pharmacological therapies, namely balneotherapy, exercise, and the combined use of balneotherapy and exercise, on total myalgic score (TMS), sleep quality, health status, and signs of depression in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome, and to compare the efficacies of these treatment programs with respect to the above parameters. Patients and methods: A total of 120 female subjects (mean age 37.21±12.45 years; range 18 to 63 years) diagnosed with fibromyalgia were enrolled. The patients were randomized into three groups with 40 patients in each (group 1: balneotherapy group, group 2: balneotherapy + exercise group, and group 3: exercise group). The patients underwent the treatment program for five days a week for a total of three weeks. Clinical parameters, Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, TMS, and Beck Depression Scale were evaluated at pre-treatment and posttreatment periods, and at the third-month control visit. Results: There were no differences between the groups with respect to Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, TMS and Beck Depression Scale scores on pre-treatment evaluation, while the combined use of balneotherapy + aerobic exercise was more effective on TMS (p<0.001), health status (p=0.009), and level of depression (p<0.001) in post-treatment evaluation. A better state of well-being with respect to sleep quality was achieved by balneotherapy and balneotherapy + exercise groups. The third-month comparisons, on the other hand, demonstrated that the balneotherapy + exercise group had a greater state of well-being with respect to TMS (p<0.001) and general health status (p<0.001). Balneotherapy + exercise and exercise therapy benefited signs of depression to a better degree (p<0.001). Balneotherapy and combined balneotherapy + exercise therapy produced more effective results in terms of sleep quality (p<0.001). TMS regressed to near baseline levels (p=0.397), while Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire levels rose to near baseline levels at the third-month control in the exercise therapy group (p=0.070). Conclusion: The combined application of balneotherapy + exercise therapy, which are two of the recommended non-pharmacological treatments, may have superior and more sustained effects than administering either therapy alone.
Depression in Parkinson's disease$$$ Depression is one of the commonest non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD). Depression has a significant negative impact on the quality of life and outcome of PD patients. Etiopathology of depression in PD is still unclear. The syndrome is often under-recognized and untreated. Treatment of depression in PD s warranted and there are various viable treatment options. In this review we focus on the theories of aetiopathology, clinical diagnosis and management strategies of depression in PD.
Ketamine as a rapid antidepressant: The debate and implications$$$ Ketamine, a synthetic derivative of phencyclidine, is a commonly misused par ty drug that is restricted in high-income countries because of its addictive potential. Ketamine is also used as an anaesthetic in human and veterinary medicine. In the 1990s, research using ketamine to study the pathophysiology of schizophrenia was terminated owing to ethical concerns. Recently, controversy surrounding the drug has returned, as researchers have demonstrated that intravenous ketamine infusion has a rapid antidepressant effect and have therefore proposed ketamine as a novel antidepressant. This article debates the question of ketamine as an antidepressant, considering the drug’s addictive potential, ethical concerns about prescribing a hallucinogen, the evidence base and motives behind ketamine trials.
Cognitive effects of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression: Results from the SELECT-TDCS trial and insights for further clinical trials$$$ Background Cognitive dysfunction treatment remains an unmet clinical need in major depressive disorder (MDD). Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may improve cognitive symptoms in MDD. Our aim was to investigate the cognitive effects of tDCS in the Sertraline vs. Electric Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study (SELECT-TDCS). We also explored whether tDCS could have mood-independent cognitive effects. Methods One hundred twenty MDD patients aged from 18 to 65 years received 12 sessions of active/sham tDCS (2 mA for 30 min) and real/placebo 50 mg/d sertraline over 6 weeks in a factorial trial. We analyzed whether changes in performance of neuropsychological tests (Trail Making, Digit Span, Stroop Task, Mini-Mental Status Exam and Montreal Cognitive Assessment) occurred over time, according to treatment group and depression improvement. Exploratory analyses were carried out to verify the influence of clinical and demographic variables on the outcomes. Results Cognitive improvement was showed in most tests used, although they occurred regardless of intervention type and depression improvement. Further exploratory analyses revealed that clinical response and education level could have mediated pro-cognitive tDCS effects on some of the tests used. Limitations The neuropsychological battery used might not have been sensitive to detect tDCS-induced effects on cognition. Lack of simultaneous cognitive training during application may have also limited its cognitive effects. Conclusions We found no evidence of beneficial or deleterious cognitive effects of tDCS as a treatment for depression. We discussed clinical trial design considerations for further tDCS studies assessing cognitive effects, including sample and outcomes considerations.
Current treatment strategies of obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ In the last decades, the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) has dramatically improved with the introduction into the clinical practice of the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). However, a large part of patients do not respond to first-line drugs and different augmentation strategies have been proposed. More recently, some non-pharmacological techniques have been proposed, but the evidence of effectiveness is just preliminary. In this paper, the most recent works on pharmacological and alternative treatments of OCD will be reviewed.
TDCS for the treatment of depression$$$ Introduction: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been investigated for the treatment of depression over the last 10 years. Several double-blind and open label studies could show mostly positive effects of tDCS as an add-on to pharmacologic treatment. However, there is no larger study investigating the use of tDCS in a naturalistic patient sample without pre-study selection by inclusion and exclusion criteria. Methods and materials: The position paper presented here aims at evaluating current knowledge of a combined treatment with antidepressants and tDCS and suggests a standardized clinical application of tDCS in depressive disorders. A case report of standardized application shows the feasibility in clinical routine. Results: The application of tDCS as an add-on to antidepressant treatment has been investigated in several studies. Current strength and duration of application increased in the last years. We report a case of a patient who was treated with citalopram 20 mg and 20 tDCS sessions for 30 min each and who showed a quick and sustained improvement of depressive symptoms although remission was not fully obtained. Conclusions: tDCS might be applied safely even when using enhanced stimulation protocols and probably could exert a faster and more sustained improvement of depression the pharmacological monotherapy. This could have important implications for duration of treatment in depressive disorders.
Perinatal psychiatry: A new specialty or everyone’s business?$$$ Perinatal psychiatry is a relatively new subspecialty and controversy exists about such specialist provision. Differences can occur in how mental illnesses present in pregnancy, and there is a need to take into account both mother and baby. The risks of not treating perinatal mental illness can be both acute and chronic, and suicide in the context of untreated illness remains a leading indirect cause of maternal mortality. Despite the government’s agenda of preventive healthcare, service provision is inequitable across the UK. Advice regarding treatment continues to be complex, and perinatal psychiatrists need to keep abreast of a growing evidence base. This review offers an overview of some current issues in the care of patients in the perinatal period and shows how specialised perinatal services are uniquely placed to meet their needs. Hopefully, it will prove useful to all clinicians responsible for the perinatal care of women and their families. LEARNING OBJECTIVES • Acquire increased awareness of pre-conception planning for women at risk of perinatal mental illness • Understand the need for lower thresholds for intervention in perinatal populations • Appreciate the particular characteristics in risk assessment in perinatal populations, taking into account the impact of perinatal psychiatric disorder on both mother and baby DECLARATION OF INTEREST None.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in clinical practice$$$ Up to 40% of people with depression do not recover following standard treatments such as medication and psychotherapy. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a treatment used worldwide for adult patients with severe clinical depression when antidepressants have repeatedly failed to control their symptoms. This article explains the use of TMS in clinical practice. LEARNING OBJECTIVES • Understand how TMS works in the treatment of depression • Appreciate which patients will benefit from TMS and when it is contraindicated • Be aware of the current clinical guidance for the use of TMS as a treatment for depression DECLARATION OF INTEREST L.P. received travel support to speak at a meeting organised by Magstim (makers of a TMS device) at Oxford in 2014.
The analgesic effect of therapeutic rTMS is not mediated or predicted by comorbid psychiatric or sleep disorders$$$ Background: Mechanisms underlying alleviation of neuropathic pain by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of primary motor cortex (M1) and right secondary somatosensory cortex (S2) are only partly known. Patients with chronic neuropathic pain often have comorbidities like depression and sleep problems. Through functional connectivity, rTMS of M1 and S2 may activate dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, the target for treating depression with rTMS. Thus, the analgesic effect of rTMS could be mediated indirectly via improvement of psychiatric comorbidities or sleep. We examined whether rTMS has an independent analgesic effect or whether its clinical benefits depend on effects on mood or sleep. We also evaluated if comorbid psychiatric or sleep disorders predict the treatment outcome. Methods: Sixteen patients with chronic drug-resistant neuropathic orofacial pain participated in this randomized controlled crossover rTMS study. Patients' psychiatric history was evaluated by a specialist in psychiatry. Intensity and interference of pain, mood, and the quality of sleep and life were evaluated at baseline and after 2 active (primary somatosensory cortex [S1]/M1 and S2) and placebo rTMS treatments. A logistic regression analysis was done to investigate predictors of treatment outcome. Results: The analgesic effect of the right S2 stimulation was not associated with improvement of psychiatric conditions or sleep, whereas S1/M1 stimulation improved sleep without significant analgesic effect (P=0.013-0.046 in sleep scores). Psychiatric and sleep disorders were more common in patients than in the general population (P=0.000-0.001 in sleep scores), but these comorbidities did not predict the rTMS treatment outcome. Conclusion: We conclude that rTMS to the right S2 does not exert its beneficial analgesic effects in chronic neuropathic orofacial pain via indirect improvement of comorbid psychiatric or sleep disorders.
Dexmedetomidine in premedication to attenuate the acute hyperdynamic response to ECT: A randomised, double-blind, controlled study$$$ Background: The choice of anaesthetic agent for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) depends on seizure duration, haemodynamic and recovery parameters. The aim of the study was to assess the effects of dexmedetomidine premedication on haemodynamic, seizure duration, recovery characteristics and agitation following ECT. Material and method: 60 patients aged 18–60 years scheduled for ECT were enrolled in the study. Dexmedetomidine (0.5 μg/kg) diluted to 10 ml with 0.9% saline or 10 ml 0.9% saline (control) were infused intravenously over 10 min before induction of anaesthesia with thiopentone. Motor seizure duration, heart rate, mean arterial blood pressure, time to spontaneous respiration, obeying verbal commands and post-ECT agitation score were recorded. Statistical analysis was carried out using MS Excel and Primer of Biostatistics. Results: Post-ECT rise in mean arterial blood pressure (MAP) and heart rate (HR) in the dexmedetomidine group was significantly less (p < 0.001) compared with the control group at 1, 3, and 5 mins. Motor seizure duration was comparable in both groups. Mean agitation score was significantly low in the dexmedetomidine group (1.5 ± 0.50) compared with the control group (1.93 ± 0.52). Conclusion: A dexmedetomidine dose of 0.5 μg/kg IV administered over 10 min before the induction of anaesthesia may be useful in preventing the acute hyperdynamic responses to ECT and post-ECT agitation without altering the duration of seizure activity and recovery time.
Dual-hemisphere repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for rehabilitation of post-stroke aphasia: A randomized, double-blind clinical trial$$$ Objectives: Recent neuroimaging studies on post-stroke aphasia revealed maladaptive cortical changes in both hemispheres, yet their functional contribution in language recovery remains elusive. The aim of this study was to evaluate the long-term efficacy of dual-hemisphere repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on post-stroke aphasia. Methods: Thirty patients with sub-acute post-stroke non-fluent aphasia were randomly allocated to receive real or sham rTMS. Each patient received 1000 rTMS pulses (1 Hz at 110% of resting motor threshold (rMT) over the right unaffected Broca's area and 1000 pulses (20 Hz at 80% rMT) over the left affected) Broca's area for 10 consecutive days followed by speech/language training. The language section of the Hemispheric Stroke Scale (HSS), the Stroke Aphasic Depression Questionnaire-Hospital Version (SADQ-H) and the National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale (NIHSS) were measured before, immediately after the 10 sessions and 1 and 2 months after the last session. Results: At baseline, there were no significant differences between groups in demographic and clinical rating scales. However, there was a significantly greater improvement in the HSS language score as well as in the SADQ-H after real rTMS compared with sham rTMS, which remained significant 2 months after the end of the treatment sessions. Conclusions: This is the first clinical study of dual-hemisphere rTMS in post-stroke aphasia. Combining dual-hemisphere rTMS with language training might be a feasible treatment for non-fluent aphasia; further multi-centre studies are needed to confirm this result.
Non-pharmacological somatic treatments for bipolar depression$$$ There has been an explosion of research interest in noninvasive and invasive forms of brain stimulation as treatments for bipolar depression and major depressive disorder (MDD). Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has the strongest evidence base. In the short term, ECT is more effective than any other intervention for MDD. MDD patients and those with bipolar disorder (BD) do not differ in response or remission rates, but BD patients respond more quickly. Magnetic Seizure Therapy (MST) and Focal Electrically Administered Seizure Therapy (FEAST) provide greater focality of stimulation than can be achieved with traditional ECT. Both techniques appear to have reduced cognitive effects, but equivalence in efficacy with traditional ECT is not established. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Therapy (rTMS) is an approved and widely used treatment for MDD. Efficacy appears stronger in the community than in the randomized controlled trials, perhaps due to concomitant use of pharmacotherapy. While commonly used in bipolar depression, as yet there is little information on efficacy specifically in this subgroup. Small studies have suggested that transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has antidepressant properties, including in bipolar depression. While promising, multisite randomized sham controlled trials are needed to test these claims. Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) showed long-term antidepressant effects and good durability of benefit in treatment-resistant depression, including BD. Lack of insurance reimbursement has limited use in the USA for this indication. Initial open-label studies of Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) at several targets were encouraging. However, two recent pivotal trials were terminated due to lack of an efficacy signal. These negative findings are leading to rethinking the role of DBS in the treatment of severe, treatment-resistant depression.
Treatment of bipolar disorder in special populations$$$ Though often considered a young person’s disease because its mean age of onset is in late adolescence, bipolar disorder (BD) frequently demonstrates recurrent episodes and morbidities that continue throughout the lifetime of the patient and into old age. In fact, presentation of mood episodes in older age is quite common and requires clinicians to understand the unique challenges that the interaction of aging and mental illness present. Further, it has been well established that the depressive polarity of episodes increases in frequency over the life span with a decline in manic and mixed episode presentations. Finally, while new onset of illness is relatively rare in later ages, it is not unknown, and the variability of age of onset may allow for a better understanding of the disease process. This chapter reviews our current understanding of BD in the elderly and highlights the implications of age in understanding the heuristic causes of the disease, challenges to treatment, and the limitations of our knowledge for clinical care.
Levels of serum Immunomodulators and its alteration with electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression$$$ OBJECTIVE: Studies in recent years indicate that neuroimmonulogic events and immune activation may place in the etiology of depression. Activation of the immune system and excessive release of proinflammatory cytokines such as interleukin-1, interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor-alpha has been proposed that data on a causal relationship between the etiology of depression. Although ECT's mechanism of action unclear, evidence is available regarding can reduce cytokines and immune system changes. In this study; effects on immune factors (IL-1, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, TNF-alpha, IFN gamma) in ECT treatment resistant depression patients; prior to ECT, when a clinical response occurred and at the end of ECT were compared with the control group. Changes in immune factors and the relationship between ECT and decrease in depression severity was also examined. METHODS: The study was conducted with 50 patients with treatment resistant depression. The data of the patients were compared with 30 healthy individuals with similar sociodemographic characteristics. In patients, initially, the clinical response occurred and the end of therapy, IL-1, IL-6, TNF-alpha, IL-10, IL-4, and IFN-gamma levels were measured. The disease severity was assessed with the 17-item HRSD scale. RESULTS: This prospective, non-randomized, controlled study examined the levels of serum IL-1, IL-6, TNF-alpha, IL-10, IL-4, IFN-gamma, and their alterations due to ECT therapy in patients with treatment resistant depression. It was found that the levels of IL-1, TNF-alpha, and IL-10 were higher in the patients with treatment resistant depression compared to the control group before the treatment. There were no significant differences in the levels of IL-6 before and after the treatment when compared to the control group. It was seen that the increase in the levels of IL-1 and IL-10 and the decrease in the levels of IL-4 and IFN-gamma were statistically significant with the treatment. Additionally, it was found that the severity of depression decreased with ECT. Nevertheless, no significant relationships between the decrease in the severity of depression (decrease in HRSD scores) and the alteration in the levels of IL-1, IL-6, TNF-alpha, IL-10, IL-4, and IFN-gamma was determined after the ECT. CONCLUSION: ECT may have significant changes in the activity of the immune system. New theories regarding the mechanism of antidepressant treatment, neurobiology of depression, and immune endocrine neurotransmitter systems will all contribute toour understanding and management of treatment resistant depression.
PLATFORM PRESENTATION-First time use of SD-809 in huntington disease (First-HD) and alternative for reducing chorea in huntington disease (ARC-HD): Results from the Switch Cohort$$$ First Time Use of SD-809 in Huntington Disease (First- HD). The First-HD Investigators and Coordinators of the Huntington Study Group. Objective: To evaluate the efficacy, safety, and tolerability of SD-809 in treating chorea associated with Huntington disease (HD). Background: SD-809 is a deuterated form of tetrabenazine, a vesicular monoamine transporter-2 inhibitor used to treat hyperkinetic movement disorders including chorea, tics and tardive dyskinesia. Deuterium can alter metabolism of small-molecule drugs without changing their pharmacology. SD-809 achieves a comparable area under the curve to tetrabenazine, but with approximately half the dose and half the Cmax. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial evaluated SD-809 in subjects with chorea. Study drug was titrated to adequate chorea control over 8 weeks, followed by 4-week maintenance and 1-week washout. Total daily dose ranged from 6 to 48 mg. Entry criteria included total maximal chorea (TMC) score -8, Total Functional Capacity score -5, and no undertreated psychiatric illness. Results: Ninety subjects (45:45) enrolled (44% female, mean age 53.7 years, mean CAGn = 43.9). The TMC score on SD- 809 improved by 2.5 points (21 percentage points) over placebo from baseline to maintenance therapy (p < 0.0001). Total motor score (TMS) improved by 4.0 points over placebo (p = 0.002). Significantly improved secondary endpoints included patient and clinical global impressions of change (each p = 0.002) and SF-36 physical functioning scale (p = 0.03). The mean SD-809 daily dose at end treatment was ~40 mg. Three subjects terminated early, 1 receiving SD-809. Adverse event (AE) rates were similar for SD-809 and placebo. Common AEs were irritability (SD-809 6.7% vs placebo 13.3%), somnolence (11.1% vs 4.4%), dry mouth (8.9% vs 6.7%) and dizziness (4.4% vs 8.9%). Depression, anxiety, akathisia, and parkinsonism were reported at the same or lower frequency for SD-809 than placebo. Conclusions: SD-809 effectively reduced chorea in HD, with an impressive safety and tolerability profile with twice-daily dosing. Treatment with SD-809 improved TMS beyond chorea and improved functional and quality of life measures, suggesting effective symptomatic treatment with good tolerability and overall benefit to patients with HD.
Update on open-label extension of pridopidine 45 mg twice daily in huntington disease (OPEN-HART): Safety, tolerability, and exploratory efficacy$$$ Background: Pridopidine is a dopamine-stabilizing compound that can enhance or counteract nonphysiologic changes in dopaminergic tone. Pridopidine has been evaluated in several Huntington disease (HD) studies, including HART (A Multi-Center, North American, Randomized, Double-Blind, Parallel Group Study Comparing Three Doses of ACR16 Versus Placebo for the Symptomatic Treatment of Huntington Disease). OPEN-HART is the open label extension of the HART study, using 45 mg twice daily dosing to further investigate safety, tolerability, and efficacy. Methods: After successfully remaining on study drug through the HART study, patients were re-evaluated for eligibility at a baseline visit using similar criteria to HART. Enrolled patients were contacted by telephone at 1 week and seen in person after 1 month for safety review (concomitant medications, adverse events, compliance), and subsequently every 3 months for alternating safety visits (12-lead electrocardiogram, labs, vital signs) or clinic visits (safety visit activities plus Unified Huntington Disease Rating Scale). Results: Subjects were enrolled from 24 March 2011 to 7 December 2011, with study activities currently ongoing. In total, 111 patients enrolled at baseline, with 83, 58, and 50 patients completing 12-, 24-, and 36-month visits, respectively. Thirty serious adverse events were reported, the most common being infection (n = 8), trauma/falls (n = 4), seizure (n = 3; 2 patients not related and 1 possibly related) and anxiety/depression (n = 2). Three deaths occurred, with 1 related to HD (inanition) and 2 unrelated (myocardial infarction, endocarditis). No suicide attempts were reported. Minor deterioration was seen in total motor score (TMS), the primary exploratory efficacy variable, at 12, 24, and 36 months compared with baseline. Discussion: Pridopidine at a daily dose of 45 mg twice daily has been generally well tolerated over 3 years of administration. Little change in the TMS, the primary exploratory efficacy variable, was seen at any time point compared to baseline. An additional double blind, placebo-controlled study is ongoing to clarify its treatment effect in HD.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in reducing chronic pain and the related symptoms in patients with fibromyalgia$$$ BACKGROUND: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a pain syndrome characterized by widespread musculoskeletal pain and tenderness at multiple points in the body. Sleep disturbance, anxiety and depression are significant coexisting factors. Poorly understood aetiopathogenesis makes its treatment a challenging task. Non-invasive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the cortex has been implicated in pain relief in such chronic conditions. OBJECTIVES: The purpose of the present study was to examine the effects of rTMS, of right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in pain status, quality of life, depression and anxiety FM patients. METHODS: Fifty-six patients with fibromyalgia were randomly divided into real (n=27) and sham rTMS (n=21). The real rTMS (l Hz) was administered using a figure of 8 coil for 5 days a week for four weeks and compared with sham group. Pain and stress was assessed by specific questionnaires before and after completion of therapy. Nociceptive flexion reflex was recorded to objectively assess pain. RESULTS: In real rTMS group, the average rating scores for pain and other associated symptoms significantly decreased from baseline after completion of four weeks of therapy. Sham TMS group revealed no significant changes in rating of MPQ, VAS, HDRS, HARS and WHOQOL-BREF questionnaires. The results indicate no improvement in chronic pain, depression, anxiety and quality of life in sham group. CONCLUSION: rTMS applied over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex significantly reduced widespread pain and the related symptoms suggesting its role as an effective alternative analgesic treatment modality for fibromyalgia..
Effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on menopausal symptoms: Parallel blind randomized clinical trial controlled with placebo-sham$$$ Objective: To assess the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) compared with tDCS-sham on vasomotor symptoms of postmenopausal women. Methods: Postmenopausal women, with at least five episodes of vasomotor symptoms per day, were recruited from a specialized outpatient clinic at a tertiary hospital in the south of Brazil and through a media call after inclusion and exclusion criteria were ensured. tDCS was administered for ten consecutive days, except for weekends. Active stimulation with tDCS x placebo-sham. The number of hot flashes was evaluated and questionnaires were validated to assess quality of life and depressive symptoms. Results: The mean of hot flashes/day behaved in a similar way in both groups, and there was a reduction in hot flashes in the first three weeks following the intervention with return to baseline starting in the fourth week after the administration. In the tDCS group, a trend towards a conversion of intensive hot flashes into mild ones was noted, which suggested a clinical improvement. Discussion: Our results, despite not showing statistical significance, supported the idea of extending the investigation with a larger number of patients and longer duration, in addition to the innovating nature of the research. The described technique showed minimum undesired effects, which makes its use plausible in daily clinical medicine. Clinical Trial Registration: NCT01896791.
A randomized sham-controlled study of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation has been found effcacious in the treatment of depression. Objectives: To Study the efficacy of active and sham tDCS as an adjunctive treatment on left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in cases of depression Results: This study revealed that there was no signifcant difference in improvement in depressive symptomatology in patients of unipolar depression as assessed by using pre and post Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety, and Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale between the active (receiving tdcs) and sham (receiving sham stimulation) groups. There was no signifcant difference between the improvement in mild to moderate depression as compared to severe depression between the active and sham groups. Conclusion: Tdcs does not cause any signifcant effect as an adjunctive treatment in improving symptoms of depression in patients of unipolar depression.
RTMS of the prefrontal cortex has analgesic effects on neuropathic pain in subjects with spinal cord injury$$$ Objectives: The analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in chronic pain have been the focus of several studies. In particular, rTMS of the premotor cortex/ dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (PMC/DLPFC) changes pain perception in healthy subjects and has analgesic effects in acute postoperative pain, as well as infibromyalgia patients. However, its effect on neuropathic pain in patients with traumatic spinal cord injury (SCI) has not been assessed. Methods: In this study, we performed PMC/DLPFC rTMS in subjects with SCI and neuropathic pain. Twelve subjects with chronic cervical or thoracic SCI were randomized to receive 1250 pulses at 10 Hz rTMS (n=6) or sham rTMS (n=6) treatment for 10 sessions over 2 weeks. The visual analog scale, the sensory and affective pain rating indices of the McGill Pain Questionnaire (MPQ), the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale were used to assess pain and mood at baseline (T0), 1 day after the first week of treatment (T1), 1 day (T2), 1 week (T3) and 1 month (T4) after the last intervention. Results: Subjects who received active rTMS had a statistically significant reduction in pain symptoms in comparison with their baseline pain, whereas sham rTMS participants had a nonsignificant change in daily pain from their baseline pain. Conclusion: The findings of this preliminary study in a small patient sample suggest that rTMS of the PMC/DLPFC may be effective in relieving neuropathic pain in SCI patients.
Rapid onset of the effects of combined selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and electroacupuncture on primary depression: A meta-Analysis$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the effi cacy and safety of combined selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and electroacupuncture therapies for the early treatment of primary depression. Methods: Randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were analyzed to compare therapy combining SSRIs and electroacupuncture to SSRI therapy alone. The RCTs were identifi ed by searching, among others, PubMed, the Cochrane Library, the Chinese National Knowledge Infrastructure, the Chongqing VIP database for Chinese Technical Periodicals, WANFANG DATA, and the Chinese Biological Medical Literature Database. Scores from Self-Rated Depression Scale (SDS), the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD), the Side Eff ect Rating Scale (SERS), and the Treatment Emergent Symptom Scale (TESS) were analyzed and coded by two independent investigators and used to evaluate the safety and effi cacy of treatment. Statistical analyses were performed using RevMan 5.2 software. Results: Six RCTs were analyzed. The meta-analysis revealed that the combined therapy of SSRIs and electroacupuncture were associated with superior scores on the HAMD, SDS, and SERS measures compared with SSRIs alone after 1–4 weeks of treatment: HAMD scores, mean diff erence (MD)1, 2.32 (95 % confidence interval [CI]1, 1.47–3.16, p1 < 0.00001); MD2, 2.65 (95 % CI2, 1.81–3.50, p2 < 0.00001); MD4, 2.70 (95 % CI4, 1.90–3.51, p4 < 0.00001); SDS scores: MD1, 3.13 (95 % CI1, 1.22–5.03, p1 = 0.001); MD2, 4.05 (95 % CI2, 0.22–7.87, p2 = 0.04); MD4>, 5.02 (95 % CI4, 1.61–8.43, p4 = 0.004); SERS scores: MD2, 2.20 (95 % CI2, 1.43–2.96, p2 weeks < 0.00001); MD4, 2.12 (95 % CI4>, 1.42–2.83, p4 < 0.00001). However, two of the aforementioned outcomes were rated as medium quality because of heterogeneity, as assessed using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development and Evaluation system. Conclusions: The available evidence suggests that the early treatment of primary depression using both SSRI and electroacupuncture therapies is more effi cient than treatments with SSRIs alone and leads to a better and earlier control of depressive symptoms.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve the quality of life and depression in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Objectives: The efficacy repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of on health-related quality of life has not been evaluated in Parkinson's disease (PD). Therefore, we conducted a randomized, doubleblind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of rTMS over bilateral motor cortex in PD. Methods: Forty-six patients with PD an mild-moderate depression randomly assigned to active (n=23) and sham (n=23) rTMS. Two patient in the sham group did not complete the protocol because of reasons unrelated to the study. High frequency rTMS was applied over the primary motor cortex for 10 days. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short term), and 30 days after treatment session ended (long-term effect). Primary endpoint was the changes in quality of life measurement (PDQ-39) while secondary endpoints included depression scales and Movement Disorders Society Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS). Results: In the actively-treated group not only the health-related quality of life improved (from 25.4 to 9.6 points, PDQ-39 summary index, median values, p<0.001), but also the severity of depression (from 17 to 7 points, Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, median values, p<0.001). We could also demonstrate an insignificant improvement in MDS-UPDRS Motor Examination by 6 points (p=0.229). In the sham-treated group none of the examined tests and scales improved significantly after sham stimulation. Conclusions: Our results demonstrate the beneficial effects of high frequency rTMS over the motor cortex on health-related quality of life and depression in PD. However, this result should be confirmed in patients with severe depression by further clinical trials.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve the quality of life and depression in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Objectives: The efficacy repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of on health-related quality of life has not been evaluated in Parkinson's disease (PD). Therefore, we conducted a randomized, doubleblind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of rTMS over bilateral motor cortex in PD. Methods: Forty-six patients with PD an mild-moderate depression randomly assigned to active (n=23) and sham (n=23) rTMS. Two patient in the sham group did not complete the protocol because of reasons unrelated to the study. High frequency rTMS was applied over the primary motor cortex for 10 days. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short term), and 30 days after treatment session ended (long-term effect). Primary endpoint was the changes in quality of life measurement (PDQ-39) while secondary endpoints included depression scales and Movement Disorders Society Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS). Results: In the actively-treated group not only the health-related quality of life improved (from 25.4 to 9.6 points, PDQ-39 summary index, median values, p<0.001), but also the severity of depression (from 17 to 7 points, Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, median values, p<0.001). We could also demonstrate an insignificant improvement in MDS-UPDRS Motor Examination by 6 points (p=0.229). In the sham-treated group none of the examined tests and scales improved significantly after sham stimulation. Conclusions: Our results demonstrate the beneficial effects of high frequency rTMS over the motor cortex on health-related quality of life and depression in PD. However, this result should be confirmed in patients with severe depression by further clinical trials.
A comparison study for the optimal stimulation site of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is clinically effective for treating motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease (PD). However, there has been no report on which area of the brain is the best target for rTMS, and few studies have reported the effects of rTMS on non motor symptoms in PD. To identify the best target, we assessed the effects of high-frequency rTMS (HF-rTMS) over the primary motor area (M1), the supplementary motor area(SMA), and the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex( DLPFC) on motor and non-motor symptoms in PD. Methods: We investigated the efficacy of 3 consecutive days of HF-rTMS over M1, SMA, and DLPFC in 19 PD patients using a randomized, double blind crossover design. The rTMS at each location was compared to sham stimulation. Motor symptoms were evaluated using the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale part III(UPDRS-III), a visual analogue scale score of motor symptoms and the 10-m walk test. Non-motor symptoms were evaluated using the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale, Self- Rating Depression Scale, and the Apathy Scale. The Parkinson's Disease Questionnaire was used to assess both motor and non-motor symptoms. Results: The change in UPDRS-III score after HF-rTMS over M1 and SMA was significantly greater than that after sham stimulation, but the change in UPDRS-III score after HF-rTMS over DLPCF was similar to that after sham stimulation. By contrast, no significant improvement was demonstrated in non-motor symptoms. There were no serious adverse effects of rTMS. Conclusions: HF-rTMS over both M1 and SMA significantly improved motor symptoms in PD patients.
Non-pharmacological interventions for depression in adults and children with traumatic brain injury$$$ Background: Following traumatic brain injury (TBI) there is an increased prevalence of depression compared to the general population. It is unknown whether non-pharmacological interventions for depression are effective for people with TBI. Objectives: To investigate the effectiveness of non-pharmacological interventions for depression in adults and children with TBI at reducing the diagnosis and severity of symptoms of depression. Search methods: We ran the most recent search on 11 February 2015. We searched the Cochrane Injuries Group Specialised Register, The Cochrane Library, MEDLINE (OvidSP), Embase (OvidSP), three other databases and clinical trials registers. Relevant conference proceedings and journals were handsearched, as were the reference lists of identified studies. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of non-pharmacological interventions for depression in adults and children who had a TBI. Data collection and analysis: Two authors independently selected trials from the search results, then assessed risk of bias and extracted data from the included trials. The authors contacted trial investigators to obtain missing information. We rated the overall quality of the evidence of the primary outcomes using the GRADE approach. Main results: Six studies met the inclusion criteria, with a total of 334 adult participants. We identified no studies that included children as participants. All studies were affected by high risk of bias due to a lack of blinding of participants and personnel; five studies were affected by high risk of bias for lack of blinding of outcome assessors. There was high or unclear risk of biases affecting some studies across all the Cochrane risk of bias measures. Three studies compared a psychological intervention (either cognitive behaviour therapy or mindfulness-based cognitive therapy) with a control intervention. Data regarding depression symptom outcome measures were combined in a meta-analysis, but did not find an effect in favour of treatment (SMD -0.14; 95% CI -0.47 to 0.19; Z = 0.83; P = 0.41). The other comparisons comprised of single studies of depression symptoms and compared; cognitive behaviour therapy versus supportive psychotherapy (SMD -0.09; 95% CI -0.65 to 0.48; Z = 0.30; P = 0.77); repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation plus tricyclic antidepressant (rTMS + TCA) versus tricyclic antidepressant alone (SMD -0.84; 95% CI -1.36 to -0.32; Z = 3;19, P = 0.001); and a supervised exercise program versus exercise as usual (SMD -0.43; 95% CI -0.88 to 0.03; Z = 1.84; P = 0.07). There was very-low quality evidence, small effect sizes and wide variability of results, suggesting that no comparisons showed a reliable effect for any intervention. Only one study mentioned minor, transient adverse events from repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Authors' conclusions: The review did not find compelling evidence in favour of any intervention. Future studies should focus on participants with a diagnosed TBI and include only participants who have a diagnosis of depression, or who record scores above a clinical cutoffon a depression measure. There is a need for additional RCTs that include a comparison between an intervention and a control that replicates the effect of the attention given to participants during an active treatment.
Clinical outcomes and neural correlates of 20 sessions of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and enduring anorexia nervosa (the TIARA study): Study protocol for a randomised controlled feasibility trial$$$ Background: Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a serious mental disorder with multiple comorbidities and complications. In those with a severe and enduring form of the illness (SEED-AN), treatment responsivity is poor and the evidence base limited. Thus, there is a need for novel treatment strategies. This paper describes the theoretical background and protocol of a feasibility randomised controlled trial (RCT) of real versus sham (placebo) therapeutic repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in SEED-AN. The aim of this trial is to obtain information that will guide decision making and protocol development in relation to a future large-scale RCT of rTMS in this group of patients, and also to assess the preliminary efficacy and neural correlates of rTMS treatment. Design: Forty-four adults from the community with a DSM-5 diagnosis of AN, an illness duration >3 years and a previous course of unsuccessful treatment will be randomly allocated to receive 20 sessions of either real or sham rTMS, in a parallel group design. As this is a feasibility study, no primary outcome has been defined and a broad range of outcome variables will be examined. These include weight/body mass index (BMI), eating disorder psychopathology, other psychopathology (for example, depression, anxiety), quality of life, neuropsychological processes (such as self-regulation, attentional bias and food choice behaviour), neuroimaging measures (that is, changes in brain structure or function), tolerability and acceptability of rTMS, and additional service utilisation. The feasibility of conducting a large-scale RCT of rTMS and the appropriateness of rTMS as a treatment for SEED-AN will be evaluated through: assessment of recruitment and retention rates, acceptability of random allocation, blinding success (allocation concealment), completion of treatment sessions and research assessments (baseline, post-treatment and follow-up assessments). The acceptability and tolerability of the treatment will be assessed via semi-structured interviews. Discussion: The effect sizes generated and other findings from this trial will inform a future large-scale RCT with respect to decisions on primary outcome measures and other aspects of protocol development. Additionally, results from this study will provide a preliminary indication of the efficacy of rTMS treatment for AN, the neural correlates of the illness, and potential biomarkers of clinical response. Trial registration:ISRCTN14329415. Date of registration: 23 July 2015.
Low Doses of Ethanol Enhance LTD-like Plasticity in Human Motor Cortex$$$ Humans liberally use ethanol for its facilitating effects on social interactions but its effects on central nervous system function remain underexplored. We have recently described that very low doses of ethanol abolish long-term potentiation (LTP)-like plasticity in human cortex, most likely through enhancement of tonic inhibition [Lücke et al, 2014, Neuropsychopharmacology 39:1508-18]. Here, we studied the effects of low-dose ethanol on long-term depression (LTD)-like plasticity. LTD-like plasticity was induced in human motor cortex by paired associative transcranial magnetic stimulation (PASLTD), and measured as decreases of motor evoked potential input-output curve (IO-curve). In addition, sedation was measured by decreases in saccade peak velocity (SPV). Ethanol in two low doses (EtOH<10mM, EtOH<20mM) was compared to single oral doses of alprazolam (APZ, 1mg) a classical benzodiazepine, and zolpidem (ZLP, 10 mg), a non-benzodiazepine hypnotic, in a double-blinded randomized placebo-controlled crossover design in ten healthy human subjects. EtOH<10mM and EtOH<20mM but not APZ or ZLP enhanced the PASLTD -induced LTD-like plasticity, while APZ and ZLP but not EtOH<10mM or EtOH<20mM decreased SPV. Non-sedating low doses of ethanol, easily reached during social drinking, enhance LTD-like plasticity in human cortex. This effect is most likely explained by the activation of extrasynaptic α4-subunit containing gamma-aminobutyric type A receptors by low-dose EtOH, resulting in increased tonic inhibition. Findings may stimulate cellular research on the role of tonic inhibition in regulating excitability and plasticity of cortical neuronal networks.
Recent Advances in Neuromodulatory Therapies in Psychogeriatrics: From TMS to ECT to VNS to Both Surgical and Magnetic DBS$$$ Neuromodulation therapies also known as brain stimulation therapies or techniques are used to treat various neuropsychiatric illnesses in adult and geriatric patients. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was the first such treatment availed to be used for mood disorders and psychotic disorders. Since then, transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was also found to be effective with fewer side effects than ECT. Similarly, vagal nerve stimulation (VNS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS), used for seizure and movement disorders, respectively, have been found useful in the treatment of depression and other psychiatric disorders. These neuromodulation therapies are becoming more refined, and we are learning more about their uses in other neuropsychiatric disorders. In the last decade, there has been tremendous growth of knowledge and research in the use of these therapies, but more needs to be evaluated before such treatments become as familiar as ECT.
Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation alters the functional topography of the cortical motor network$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive tool that is able to modulate the electrical activity of the brain depending upon its protocol of stimulation. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) is a high-frequency TMS protocol that is able to induce prolonged plasticity changes in the brain. The induction of plasticity-like effects by TBS is useful in both experimental and therapeutic settings; however, the underlying neural mechanisms of this modulation remain unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of continuous TBS (cTBS) on the intrahemispheric and interhemispheric functional connectivity of the resting and active brain. Methods: A total of 26 healthy humans were randomly divided into two groups that received either real cTBS or sham (control) over the left primary motor cortex. Surface electroencephalogram (EEG) was used to quantify the changes of neural oscillations after cTBS at rest and after a choice reaction time test. The cTBS-induced EEG oscillations were computed using spectral analysis of event-related coherence (ERCoh) of theta (4–7.5 Hz), low alpha (8–9.5 Hz), high alpha (10–12.5 Hz), low beta (13–19.5 Hz), and high beta (20–30 Hz) brain rhythms. Results: We observed a global decrease in functional connectivity of the brain in the cTBS group when compared to sham in the low beta brain rhythm at rest and high beta brain rhythm during the active state. In particular, EEG spectral analysis revealed that high-frequency beta, a cortically generated brain rhythm, was the most sensitive band that was modulated by cTBS. Conclusion: Overall, our findings suggest that cTBS, a TMS protocol that mimics the mechanism of long-term depression of synaptic plasticity, modulates motor network oscillations primarily at the cortical level and might interfere with cortical information coding.
Efficacy of adjunctive high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of right prefrontal cortex in adolescent mania: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Objective: To examine the efficacy of adjunctive right prefrontal high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment in adolescent mania patients as compared to sham stimulation. Methods: Twenty six right handed patients aged 12-17 years diagnosed with bipolar mania were randomized to receive daily sessions of active or sham rTMS (20 Hz, 110% of motor threshold, 20 trains, 10 s intertrain interval) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 10 days. Mania was rated using Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) and Clinical Global Impression (CGI) at baseline, and after 5th and 10th rTMS. Results: For YMRS scores, repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) showed a significant main effect (F=44.49, degree of freedom [df]=1.2/29.29, p<0.001, Greenhouse-Geisser corrected, effect size η2=0.65), but the interaction effect was not significant (F=0.03, df=1.2/29.29, p=0.912, Greenhouse-Geisser corrected). For CGI-Severity, repeated measures ANOVA showed a significant main effect (F=24.49, df=1.42/34.21, p<0.001, Greenhouse-Geisser corrected, effect size η2=0.51), but the interaction effect was not significant (F=0.06, df=1.2/29.29, p=0.881, Greenhouse-Geisser corrected). Conclusion: High-frequency right prefrontal rTMS was found to be ineffective as add-on to standard pharmacotherapy in adolescent mania.
Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists clinical practice guidelines for mood disorders$$$ Objectives: To provide guidance for the management of mood disorders, based on scientific evidence supplemented by expert clinical consensus and formulate recommendations to maximise clinical salience and utility. Methods: Articles and information sourced from search engines including PubMed and EMBASE, MEDLINE, PsycINFO and Google Scholar were supplemented by literature known to the mood disorders committee (MDC) (e.g., books, book chapters and government reports) and from published depression and bipolar disorder guidelines. Information was reviewed and discussed by members of the MDC and findings were then formulated into consensus-based recommendations and clinical guidance. The guidelines were subjected to rigorous successive consultation and external review involving: expert and clinical advisors, the public, key stakeholders, professional bodies and specialist groups with interest in mood disorders. Results: The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists clinical practice guidelines for mood disorders (Mood Disorders CPG) provide up-to-date guidance and advice regarding the management of mood disorders that is informed by evidence and clinical experience. The Mood Disorders CPG is intended for clinical use by psychiatrists, psychologists, physicians and others with an interest in mental health care. Conclusions: The Mood Disorder CPG is the first Clinical Practice Guideline to address both depressive and bipolar disorders. It provides up-to-date recommendations and guidance within an evidence-based framework, supplemented by expert clinical consensus. Mood Disorders Committee: Professor Gin Malhi (Chair), Professor Darryl Bassett, Professor Philip Boyce, Professor Richard Bryant, Professor Paul Fitzgerald, Dr Kristina Fritz, Professor Malcolm Hopwood, Dr Bill Lyndon, Professor Roger Mulder, Professor Greg Murray, Professor Richard Porter and Associate Professor Ajeet Singh. International expert advisors: Professor Carlo Altamura, Dr Francesco Colom, Professor Mark George, Professor Guy Goodwin, Professor Roger McIntyre, Dr Roger Ng, Professor John O'Brien, Professor Harold Sackeim, Professor Jan Scott, Dr Nobuhiro Sugiyama, Professor Eduard Vieta, Professor Lakshmi Yatham. Australian and New Zealand expert advisors: Professor Marie-Paule Austin, Professor Michael Berk, Dr Yulisha Byrow, Professor Helen Christensen, Dr Nick De Felice, A/Professor Seetal Dodd, A/Professor Megan Galbally, Dr Josh Geffen, Professor Philip Hazell, A/Professor David Horgan, A/Professor Felice Jacka, Professor Gordon Johnson, Professor Anthony Jorm, Dr Jon-Paul Khoo, Professor Jayashri Kulkarni, Dr Cameron Lacey, Dr Noeline Latt, Professor Florence Levy, A/Professor Andrew Lewis, Professor Colleen Loo, Dr Thomas Mayze, Dr Linton Meagher, Professor Philip Mitchell, Professor Daniel O'Connor, Dr Nick O'Connor, Dr Tim Outhred, Dr Mark Rowe, Dr Narelle Shadbolt, Dr Martien Snellen, Professor John Tiller, Dr Bill Watkins, Dr Raymond Wu.
Transcranial direct current stimulation to enhance cognition in euthymic bipolar disorder$$$ Objectives: To investigate the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for enhancing working memory and sustained attention in euthymic patients with bipolar disorder. Methods: Fifteen patients with bipolar disorder received anodal left prefrontal tDCS with an extracephalic cathode (prefrontal condition), anodal left prefrontal and cathodal cerebellar tDCS (fronto-cerebellar condition), and sham tDCS given 'online' during performance on a working memory and sustained attention task in an intra-individual, cross-over, sham-controlled experimental design. Exploratory cluster analyses examined responders and non-responders for the different active tDCS conditions on both tasks. Results: For working memory, approximately one-third of patients in both active tDCS conditions showed performance improvement. For sustained attention, three of 15 patients showed performance improvement with prefrontal tDCS. Responders to active tDCS for working memory performed more poorly on the task during sham tDCS compared to non-responders. Conclusions: A single session of active prefrontal or fronto-cerebellar tDCS failed to improve working memory or sustained attention performance in euthymic patients with bipolar disorder. Several important considerations are discussed in relation to future studies investigating tDCS for enhancing cognition in patients with bipolar disorder.
Emergent treatments based on the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder: A selective review$$$ Bipolar disorder is a chronic psychiatric disorder that is a cause of significant symptomatology even in the setting of optimal treatment. Most current treatments are developed from serendipity, and not based on known pathophysiology. In this review we examine a number of somatic and pharmacologic therapies that are poised to become part of the armamentarium of interventions to treat bipolar illness. As a group, these interventions are derived from a growing understanding of the biological underpinnings of bipolar disorders. We will look at emergent treatments based on our understanding of the molecular biology, neuroanatomy, and the genetics of bipolar disorder.
Comparison among aerobic exercise and other types of interventions to treat depression: A systematic review$$$ Depression is a common and disabling disease that affects over 100 million people worldwide and can have a significant impact on physical and mental health, reducing their quality of life. Thus, the aim of this article was to provide information on research results and key chains related to the therapeutic effects of chronic aerobic exercise compared with other types of interventions to treat depression, which may become a useful clinical application in a near future. Researches have shown the effectiveness of alternative treatments, such as physical exercise, minimizing high financial costs and minimizing side effects. In this review, the data analyzed allows us to claim that alternative therapies, such as exercise, are effective on controlling and reducing symptoms. 69.3% of the studies that investigated the antidepressant effects of exercise on depressive were significant, and the other 30.7% of the studies improved only in general physiological aspects, such as increased oxygen uptake, increased use of blood glucose and decreased body fat percentage, with no improvement on symptoms of depression. From the sample analyzed, 71.4% was composed of women, and regarding the severity of symptoms, 85% had mild to moderate depression and only 15% had moderate to severe depression. However, there is still disagreement regarding the effect of exercise compared to the use of antidepressants in symptomatology and cognitive function in depression, this suggests that there is no consensus on the correct intensity of aerobic exercise as to achieve the best dose-response, with intensities high to moderate or moderate to mild.
Effects of aerobic exercise on anxiety disorders: A systematic review$$$ Anxiety disorders are the most common psychiatric disorders observed currently. It is a normal adaptive response to stress that allows coping with adverse situations. Nevertheless, when anxiety becomes excessive or disproportional in relation to the situation that evokes it or when there is not any special object directed at it, such as an irrational dread of routine stimuli, it becomes a disabling disorder and is considered to be pathological. The traditional treatment used is medication and cognitive behavioral psychotherapy, however, last years the practice of physical exercise, specifically aerobic exercise, has been investigated as a new non-pharmacological therapy for anxiety disorders. Thus, the aim of this article was to provide information on research results and key chains related to the therapeutic effects of aerobic exercise compared with other types of interventions to treat anxiety, which may become a useful clinical application in a near future. Researches have shown the effectiveness of alternative treatments, such as physical exercise, minimizing high financial costs and minimizing side effects. The sample analyzed, 66.8% was composed of women and 80% with severity of symptoms anxiety as moderate to severe. The data analyzed in this review allows us to claim that alternative therapies like exercise are effective in controlling and reducing symptoms, as 91% of anxiety disorders surveys have shown effective results in treating. However, there is still disagreement regarding the effect of exercise compared to the use of antidepressant symptoms and cognitive function in anxiety, this suggests that there is no consensus on the correct intensity of aerobic exercise as to achieve the best dose-response, with intensities high to moderate or moderate to mild.
Neurobiological mechanisms of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression: a systematic review$$$ Depression is one of the most prevalent mental illnesses worldwide and a leading cause of disability, especially in the setting of treatment resistance. In recent years, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has emerged as a promising alternative strategy for treatment-resistant depression and its clinical efficacy has been investigated intensively across the world. However, the underlying neurobiological mechanisms of the antidepressant effect of rTMS are still not fully understood. This review aims to systematically synthesize the literature on the neurobiological mechanisms of treatment response to rTMS in patients with depression. Medline (1996-2014), Embase (1980-2014) and PsycINFO (1806-2014) were searched under set terms. Three authors reviewed each article and came to consensus on the inclusion and exclusion criteria. All eligible studies were reviewed, duplicates were removed, and data were extracted individually. Of 1647 articles identified, 66 studies met both inclusion and exclusion criteria. rTMS affects various biological factors that can be measured by current biological techniques. Although a number of studies have explored the neurobiological mechanisms of rTMS, a large variety of rTMS protocols and parameters limits the ability to synthesize these findings into a coherent understanding. However, a convergence of findings suggest that rTMS exerts its therapeutic effects by altering levels of various neurochemicals, electrophysiology as well as blood flow and activity in the brain in a frequency-dependent manner. More research is needed to delineate the neurobiological mechanisms of the antidepressant effect of rTMS. The incorporation of biological assessments into future rTMS clinical trials will help in this regard.
Associations between distinct patterns of reward circuitry function and impulsive sensation seeking provide novel neural targets for transcranial direct current stimulation as an intervention to reduce risk-taking behaviors$$$ Background: Neuroimaging studies of mood disordered individuals highlight relationships among measures of function and structure in ventrolateral prefrontal (vlPFC)-striatal-amygdala neural circuitry and reward-related behaviors, e.g., risk-seeking and impulsive sensation seeking. This dimensional approach is elucidating neural mechanisms associated with dysfunctional behaviors in psychiatric disorders, and can identify key nodes in neural circuitries implicated in underlying psychopathological processes in these disorders that can serve as targets for interventions with novel neurostimulation techniques. Methods: In a large, ongoing study of neural mechanisms underlying dysfunctional reward-related behaviors in distressed, treatment-seeking 18-25 year-olds, we have, to date, scanned over 40 such individuals during performance of different tasks, including a number-guessing reward task. Each trial of the reward task includes an expectancy period, when participants anticipate uncertain reward or loss future outcome, and the outcome phase itself. In a pilot study in healthy volunteers, cathodal (inhibitory) and sham transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) were implemented in a randomized, single-blind, within-subjects study design, during neuroimaging. The goal of this pilot study was to determine the extent to which this neurostimulation technique could perturb functioning within reward circuitry during performance of the above reward task. Results: We show significant positive relationships between a measure of trait impulsive sensation seeking and activity during uncertain outcome expectancy in distributed reward circuitry, including bilateral visual cortices (cuneus; p<0.05, FWE) and left vlPFC (p<0.005). These data replicate our previous findings in independent studies of a significant positive relationship between fun-seeking and activity in left vlPFC across individuals with bipolar disorder and healthy volunteers, and abnormally elevated left vlPFC activity in individuals across the bipolar disorder spectrum, during uncertain reward and outcome expectancy. Pilot study findings in healthy volunteers show that cathodal (vs. sham) tDCS applied to the left vlPFC results in decreased positive functional connectivity between this region and ventral striatum during reward task performance. Conclusions: The vlPFC links specific stimulus and specific reward outcome representations. Our new and previous findings suggest that abnormally elevated visual cortical and left vlPFC activation to uncertain outcome expectancy may reflect heightened representation of visual stimulus-reward outcome relationships that, in turn, may be a neural mechanism for impulsive sensation seeking. Our pilot findings suggest that left vlPFC cathodal tDCS may help reduce vulnerability to risk-taking behaviors, especially in individuals with higher trait impulsive sensation seeking.
Comparing the effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on quality of life$$$ Background: Severe treatment-resistant depression is a neuropsychiatric illness that is chronic, debilitating, and results in decreased quality-of-life (QOL). Research has found that patients with depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) show improved QOL. A newer convulsive therapy, magnetic seizure therapy (MST), uses magnetic pulses to induce a relatively focal seizure for the treatment of depression. MST has been found to have antidepressant effects similar to ECT. Unlike ECT however, MST produces no known adverse cognitive effects. To date, no study has examined the effects of MST on QOL. Thus, the purpose of this study was to compare the effects of an acute course of high-dose MST and right unilateral (RUL) ultrabrief-pulse width ECT on QOL in patients with a current major depressive episode. Methods: This was a three-center, between-subject, randomized, double-masked controlled clinical trial that compared the effects of high dose MST and RUL ultrabrief-pulse ECT on QOL. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. The study was conducted under a US FDA IDE. Adults with a major depressive episode in the context of unipolar or bipolar depression, based on the SCID-I, were randomly assigned to treatment with MST or ECT. For MST, a Magstim Theta (Magstim Co., Whtland, Wales, UK) device with a round coil positioned on the vertex was used to administer the stimulus. Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration, and subsequent treatments were provided at maximal device output (100% stimulator output (252 J), 100 Hz pulse train frequency, 10 second train duration). For ECT, treatments were provided via standard RUL electrode configuration. ECT stimulus was delivered using a Thymatron System IV (pulse amplitude = 900 mA, pulse width = 0.25 ms; Somatics LLC, Lake Bluff, IL) or a MECTA Spectrum 5000Q (pulse amplitude = 800 mA, pulse width = 0.3 ms; MECTA Corp., Tualatin, OR). ECT seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration and frequency. Subsequent treatments were provided at 6 the seizure threshold. Patients were treated until they achieved remission (o8 on the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression) or received a maximum of 14 MST or ECT sessions. To assess QOL, we used the Medical Outcomes Study 36-item Short Form Health Survey (SF-36). The participants, who were masked to treatment condition, completed the SF-36 before and after the acute treatment course. The SF-36 produced 8 domain scores including Physical Function, Role-Physical, Role-Emotional, Energy, Emotional Well Being, Social Function, Pain, and General Overall Health Perception. ANCOVAs were computed for each SF-36 domain score with treatment condition (MST, ECT) as the between-subject factor. We explored effects of covariates including study site, number of treatments, race, and sex. However, the covariates had no effects and were excluded from the statistical analyses. Post-hoc t-tests were used to assess significant main effects. Statistical significance was defined as a two-sided p-value of less than 0.05. Results: In terms of change from baseline to end for both ECT and MST, there was a significant effect of time for seven SF-36 domain scores including Physical Function (F(3,63)=10.5, p <0.0001), Role-Emotional (F(3,63)=5.6, p=0.0002), Energy (F(3,63)=16.0, p <0.0001), Emotional Well Being (F(3,63)=20.5, o0.0001), Social Function (F(3,63)=17.5, p <0.0001), Pain (F(3,63)=5.5, p=0.002), and General Overall Health Perception (F(3,63)=3.0, p=0.04). Only the domain of Role-Physical showed no change across time (F (3,63)=0.9, p=0.4). Patients who received MST relative to those who received ECT showed better outcome in Energy (t63 =-2.56, p=0.01) and Social Function (t63 =-2.03, p=0.005) QOL domains. Conclusions: This is the first study to show that both RUL ultrabrief-pulse ECT, and MST improve quality-of-life in patients with treatment resistant depression. Further, the study showed that patients treated with MST, relative to ECT, showed greater improvement in energy and social function. The latter may be related to the cognitive safety of MST as it is associated with little change in psychomotor processing speed and improved executive function. These findings are consistent with prior research that found ECT to be associated with improved QOL. As those studies provided ECT with either bitemporal or right unilateral placement, and brief pulse width, this study adds new evidence for the advantage of RUL ultrabrief-pulse parameters. Future research is warranted to confirm the improvement in QOL observed with RUL ultrabrief-pulse ECT and MST, and to determine the association with clinical, neurocognitive, and functional outcome.
Expanded safety and feasibility data for a new method of performing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST)$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) remains our most rapid and effective antidepressant treatment. Refinements in electrode positioning, alterations in electrical stimulation parameters, and individualized dosing strategies have all resulted in an improved side effect profile without compromising the efficacy of ECT. Building on these developments, FEAST was designed to increase stimulus focality and bring stimulus parameters more in line with neurophysiology to further reduce cognitive side effects. We recently reported on the safety and feasibility of this new form of ECT (FEAST) in a small cohort of depressed patients (1). Since that initial report we have made changes in electrode size and the current amplitude used for treatment. We now report on the safety, feasibility, preliminary efficacy, and preliminary cognitive effects of FEAST in an expanded cohort of depressed patients. Methods: 21 depressed adults (6 men; 3 bipolar disorder; age 49±10) were recruited after being referred for ECT at MUSC. Open-label FEAST was administered with a modified spECTrum 5000Q device and a traditional ECT dosing regimen until patients clinically responded. Clinical and cognitive assessments were obtained at baseline, and end of course. Time to orientation recovery, a predictor of longterm amnestic effects, was assessed at each treatment. Nonresponders to FEAST were transitioned to conventional ECT. Results: Treatment was well tolerated by participants with no dropouts. Four participants transitioned from FEAST to conventional ECT due to non-response. After the course of FEAST (Median 11 sessions), there was a 62.8±32% improvement in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24) scores compared to baseline (p<.0001, paired t-test). 15 of 21 (71%) patients met response criteria (50% decrease in HRSD24) and 12/21 (57%) met remission criteria (HRSD24r10). Patients achieved full re-orientation (4 of 5 items) in 5.1±5.3 mins (median 3 mins), timed from when their eyes first opened after treatment. Conclusions: This data in an expanded cohort of depressed individuals further supports the safety and feasibility of FEAST. The remission and response rates are in the range of those found in other investigations using conventional ECT and the time to re-orientation may be quicker. Due to the lack of a comparison group it is not possible to make firm conclusions regarding efficacy or time to reorientation as compared to conventional ECT. Further randomized or controlled studies are needed.
Can medication free, treatment-resistant, depressed patients who initially respond to TMS Be maintained off medications? A prospective, 12-month multisite randomized pilot study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an efficacious intervention for acute treatment of resistant major depressive disorder (MDD), but there is little information on the maintenance use of TMS after acute response. This pilot feasibility study investigated 12-month outcomes comparing two TMS maintenance approaches - a scheduled, single TMS session delivered monthly (SCH) vs. observation only (OBS). Methods: Antidepressant-free patients with unipolar, nonpsychotic, treatment-resistant MDD participated in a randomized, open-label, multisite trial. Patients meeting protocol-defined criteria for improvement after six weeks of acute TMS were randomized to SCH or OBS regimens. TMS reintroduction was available for symptomatic worsening in both groups, and all patients remained antidepressant-free during acute and maintenance phases. Results: Sixty-seven patients enrolled in the acute phase and 49 (73%) met randomization criteria. Groups were matched, although more patients in the SCH group had failed ≥2 antidepressants (p=.035). There were no significant group differences on any outcome measure. Participants who got SCH had numerically longer time to first TMS reintroduction than OBS (91±66 versus 77±52 days), but this difference was not statistically significant. Reintroduction of TMS in the context of symptom re-emergence was given for 14.3±17.8 days (SCH) and 16.9±18.9 days (OBS). 14/18 (78%) SCH patients and 17/27 (63%) OBS patients responded to TMS reintroduction. Sixteen patients (32.7%) completed all 53 weeks of the study. Conclusions: Maintaining treatment-resistant depressed patients off medications with periodic TMS appears feasible in some cases, but we found no statistically significant advantage of SCH vs. OBS regimens with regard to time to relapse. Responders to an acute course of TMS were highly likely to respond to TMS again if needed for symptom re-emergence.
Connectivity analysis of eeg in depressed patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure$$$ Background: Depression is associated with resting-state brain network hyperconnectivity, manifested as higher theta and alpha EEG coherence in long range connections between frontopolar and temporal or parieto-occipital areas. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), the most efficacious treatment of severe depression, has been reported to increase low frequency coherence, affect interhemispheric symmetry in EEG, and alter functional network architecture by down-regulating connectivity in frontal circuits. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which induces seizures with high dose repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, has been introduced to improve the benefit/risk ratio of seizure therapy. However, understanding the mechanisms of action of seizure therapy remains incomplete. The purpose of this study is to use graph theory analysis to examine the effects of seizure therapy on brain network connectivity. Methods: Patients were participants in a two-center randomized controlled trial contrasting the efficacy and neurocognitive effects of ultrabrief pulse right unilateral ECT and circular coil MST. Patients were considered responders if they showed at minimum a 50% reduction in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score. Restingstate EEG was acquired at baseline and after the treatment course in 9 patients (5 MST and 4 ECT) for 10 minutes each in eyes opened and closed conditions. Fifty-nine cephalic channels were placed according to the international 10/20 system. Data analysis was performed using FieldTrip. The signals were bandpassed 0.25-50 Hz, re-referenced to the average signal, and artifacted using independent component analysis. The 10-minute recording was partitioned into 300 two-second epochs, and spectral analysis was performed using multitaper Fourier transform. Phase synchronization was estimated using the debiased weighted phase lag index (DWPLI). The undirected, weighted graph was thresholded to construct an adjacency matrix. Network structure was assessed using betweenness centrality, clustering coefficient, density, and characteristic path length. Differences in network measures between responders and nonresponders to seizure therapy were tested using the independent sample t-test. Statistical significance was defined as a two-sided p-value of less than 0.05. Results: Of the 9 patients with EEG recording, 3 were responders. At baseline, responders and nonresponders exhibited similar DWPLI-frequency profile in the eyes opened condition. There was a significant post-treatment elevation in DWPLI in the delta band for the responders but not for nonresponders (p<0.01). The increase in low frequency phase synchronization is consistent with previous analysis of EEG coherence before and after ECT, and may serve as a state marker of response. The post-treatment change in brain network density was significantly higher in the responders relative to nonresponders (p<0.05). For the eyes closed condition, the responders exhibited a higher DWPLI in the theta, alpha, and beta frequencies compared to the nonresponders both at baseline and post treatment, which can potentially serve as a trait marker of response. Conclusions: Our findings support the use of network measures derived from resting-state EEG as trait and state markers of response to seizure therapy in severely depressed patients.
Tuning circuits with interleaved TMS/fMRI: One session of 10Hz left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rTMS (4000 pulses) increases the cortical and decreases the striatal bold signal response to a TMS 'Ping' of that circuit$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) (3000 pulses) daily for 4-6 weeks is an FDA-approved therapy for treatment resistant depression. Although the stimuli delivered to the LDLPFC are focal, the neurophysiological effects of rTMS are likely relayed to connected structures in a target-specific manner. It is difficult to measure these network relays using standard electrophysiological techniques. In this study, we used interleaved TMS/fMRI to examine how LDLPFC rTMS alters moodregulating structures by analyzing their BOLD signal responses to single TMS pulses as surrogate markers of cortical and subcortical excitability. Methods: 14 healthy subjects were included in this shamcontrolled, single blind, crossover study. The experimental paradigm consists of three stages: 1) Pre-rTMS MRI scan (3T Siemens) using single pulse interleaved TMS/fMRI over LDLPFC 2) a 20-minute (4,000 pulse) session of either active or sham 10Hz rTMS treatment immediately following the scan, and 3) Post-rTMS MRI scan using single pulse interleaved TMS/fMRI over LDLPFC. Thus, TMS was used as a probe inside the scanner and as an agent of change outside the scanner. Participants were randomized to receive 10 Hz active rTMS on one visit and 10 Hz sham rTMS on the other visit. The visits were separated by at least 5 days and counterbalanced to prevent an order confound. Interleaved TMS/fMRI scanning sequence fMRI data were analyzed using SPM8 with the first 8 functional volumes omitted for consistency and reduction of movement artifact. Results: fMRI whole-brain analysis (n=14, cluster size 25,p<.05) suggests that a 20-minute session of 10 Hz rTMS over the LDLPFC changes activity in the connected circuit, with BOLD signal increases and decreases in cortical and subcortical brain structures, respectively. Increases in the BOLD signal response to a TMS pulse were seen in bilateral frontal lobes as well as the rostral and posterior cingulate cortices. Decreases in subcortical BOLD response to a TMS pulse were found in the ipsilateral striatum. Conclusions: These findings suggest that a single session of 10 Hz LDLPFC rTMS increases cortical excitability and decreases striatal excitability as measured by subsequent BOLD signal response to single pulse LDLPFC TMS pings. These circuit level effects may be associated with prefrontal TMS's antidepressant and anti-nociceptive effects. Scanning studies like this one may help improve efficacy or predict response to rTMS therapy.
The impact of age on cognitive deficits following ECT for depression-results from the effect-dep trial$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most efective treatment for severe depression but is limited by cognitive side-effects, to which older adult may be more vulnerable. The most common form of ECT worldwide uses bitemporal (BT) electrode placement which is more powerful than right unilateral (RUL) placement but is associated with more cognitive deficits. However, RUL-ECT at higher electrical doses may be as effective as BTECT but with less cognitive side-effects. The aim of this trial was to compare the effectiveness and cognitive side-effects of high-dose RUL-ECT with standard BT-ECT. Methods: We carried out a pragmatic, two-group, parallel-design, randomised, non-inferiority trial (ISRCTN23577151) of twice-weekly BT-ECT at 1.5 times seizure threshold versus high-dose RULECT at 6 times seizure threshold for patients with a major depressive episode. Recruitment was from May 2008 until November 2012. 138 patients (69 per group) were randomised to ensure adequate power to assess non-inferiority of high-dose RUL ECT. The primary outcome was the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD- 24) score at end-of-treatment with a non-inferiority margin of 4.0 points. Secondary outcomes included recovery of orientation after ECT sessions as well as immediate and longer-term cognitive performance after completion of the ECT course. Results: Overall, high-dose RUL ECT was non-inferior to BT ECT with respect to the HDRS-24 at the end of ECT course (mean difference 1.2 points in favour of RUL ECT (95% CI, -1.510 to 3.995)). Recovery of orientation was quicker following RUL ECT (median 19.1 vs 26.4 mins, p < 0.001). RUL ECT was associated with better% recall of autobiographical information (OR = 0.66, p = 0.001) that persisted for six months. Conclusion: Twice-weekly high-dose RUL ECT is not inferior to bitemporal ECT, and may be preferable due to a more acceptable cognitive side-effect profile. Analyses of the effects of age on recovery of orientation after individual treatments and cognitive performance soon after completion of the ECT course and during the six-month follow-up will be presented and discussed.
Vascular risk factors in elderly patients with depression: Outcome of electroconvulsive therapy versus medication$$$ Objective: To study the influence of vascular risk factors (VRF) on remission rates after electroconvulsive therapy compared with antidepressant medication. Methods: The study sample consisted of 81 patients participating in a randomised controlled trial (RCT) comparing nortriptyline versus venlafaxine, and 43 participants from an electroconvulsive RCT comparing brief pulse versus ultra-brief pulse treatment. All patients had a major depression according to DSM-IV criteria, were inpatients, aged 60 and over and had a MADRS score ≥20. Remission was defined as a MADRS score of <10. The presence or absence of the VRF (hypercholesterolemia, hypertension, smoking, diabetes mellitus, cardiovascular disease and stroke) was established from the medical records. Remission rates were calculated using various cut offs in number of VRF. Logistic regression was used to study the influence of treatment condition (ECT or medication) on outcome, and the interaction with the number of VRF. Results: Remission rates were 62.8% (27/43) in the ECT group, and 32.1% (26/81) in the medication group (χ2 = 10.812, df = 1; p = .001). Comparing patients with no versus ≥1 VRF, remission rates were decreased more in the presence of vascular burden in ECT patients (23%) than in medication patients (6%). Logistic regression revealed no interaction between the number of VRFs and treatment condition. Conclusion: The clinical impression that ECT would be more effective in depression with vascular risk factors, is merely the consequence of the higher efficacy of ECT per se and not of an extra effect in depression with vascular risk factors.
Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) in the treatment of major depression: An exploratory systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) is a relatively new, non-invasive method of stimulating larger and, presumably, deeper brain regions. The current study investigated if DTMS delivered with H-coils has acute antidepressant effects in major depression using a systematic literature review and a quantitative meta-analysis. Methods Seventeen studies on 'DTMS or H-coil' and 'depression' were identified on Medline, PsycInfo, and Google Scholar (until November 2014). Data from nine open-label studies were meta-analysed using a random-effects model with inverse-variance weights. The outcome measures were the standardised paired mean difference (Cohen's d) in depression scores on Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), response, remission, and dropout rates after acute DTMS treatment compared to baseline. Results There was a large antidepressant effect after 20 acute, high-frequency DTMS sessions compared to baseline according to HDRS change scores (overall mean weighted d=2.04, 95% confidence interval: 1.53-2.55; nine studies; 150 patients). Overall weighted response, remission, and dropout rates were 60%, 29%, and 18% respectively. HDRS change scores and response rates tended to be higher in four studies with 68 patients on concurrent antidepressants compared to two studies with 26 patients who received DTMS as a monotherapy. Limitations These results are based on data from a low number of open-label studies. Conclusion High-frequency DTMS appears to have acute antidepressant effects after 20 sessions in mostly unipolar and treatment-resistant patients. Concurrent treatment with antidepressants might enhance the efficacy of DTMS.
A systematic review for the antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background: Sleep deprivation (SD) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have been commonly used to treat depression. Recent studies suggest that co-therapy with rTMS and SD may produce better therapeutic effects than either therapy alone. Therefore, this study was to review the current findings to determine if rTMS can augment the therapeutic effects of SD on depression. Methods: Embase, JSTOR, Medline, PubMed, ScienceDirect, and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials were searched for clinical studies published between January 1985 and March 2015 using the search term "rTMS/repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation AND sleep deprivation AND depress*". Only randomized and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) involving the combined use of rTMS and SD in depression patients were included in this systematic review. The scores of the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression were extracted as primary outcome measures. Results: Three RCTs with 72 patients that met the inclusion criteria were included for the systematic review. One of the trials reported skewed data and was described alone. The other two studies, which involved 30 patients in the experimental group (SD + active rTMS) and 22 patients in the control group (SD + sham rTMS), reported normally distributed data. The primary outcome measures showed different results among the three publications: two of which showed great difference between the experimental and the control subjects, and the other one showed non-significant antidepressant effect of rTMS on SD. In addition, two of the included studies reported secondary outcome measures with Clinical Global Impression Rating Scale and a self-reported well-being scale which presented good improvement for the depressive patients in the experiment group when compared with the control. The follow-up assessments in two studies indicated maintained results with the immediate measurements. Conclusions: From this study, an overview of the publications concerning the combined use of rTMS and SD is presented, which provides a direction for future research of therapies for depression. More studies are needed to confirm whether there is an augmentative antidepressant effect of rTMS on SD.
The effect of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation in addition to Tinnitus Retraining Therapy for treatment of chronic tinnitus patients: A study protocol for a double-blind controlled randomised trial$$$ Background: Currently, there still is no treatment that eliminates tinnitus in all patients. Recent studies have shown that Tinnitus Retraining Therapy (TRT) significantly improves quality of life for tinnitus patients. Also, several studies have reported that transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has a positive effect on attention, working memory, long-term memory and other cognitive processes. The aim of this randomised placebo-controlled double-blind study is to evaluate the added effect of tDCS to TRT in chronic tinnitus patients. To our knowledge, this is the first study to combine both methods. Methods: Patients with chronic, non-pulsatile tinnitus will be randomised in two treatment groups: TRT and real tDCS versus TRT and sham tDCS. Evaluations will take place at baseline before therapy starts, at the end of the TRT and 3 months after therapy starts. The Tinnitus Functional Index will be used as the primary outcome measurement. Secondary outcome measurements will be the Visual Analogue Scale of Loudness, Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS), Hyperacusis Questionnaire, psychoacoustic measurements and Event-related potential (ERP). Discussion: To our knowledge this is the first study to combine TRT and tDCS. The objective is to evaluate whether tDCS can provide faster and/or more relief from the annoyance experienced in chronic tinnitus patients' daily lives. The advantage of the study is that it is double-blind and placebo-controlled. Trial registration: The present study protocol was registered on 31 October 2014 at Clinicaltrials.gov: NCT02285803.
Relapse Prevention in Major Depressive Disorder after Successful Acute Electroconvulsive Treatment: A 6-month Double-blind Comparison of Three Fixed Dosages of Escitalopram and a Fixed Dose of Nortriptyline - Lessons from a Failed Randomised Trial of the Danish University Antidepressant Group (DUAG-7)$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) is an effective treatment for severe depression but carries a risk of relapse in the following months. Methods: Major depressive disorder patients in a current episode attaining remission from ECT (17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D17) score≤9) received randomly escitalopram 10 mg, 20 mg, 30 mg or nortriptyline 100 mg as monotherapies and were followed for 6 months in a multicentre double-blind set-up. Primary endpoint was relapse (HAM-D17≥16). Results: As inclusion rate was low the study was prematurely stopped with only 47 patients randomised (20% of the planned sample size). No statistically significant between-group differences could be detected. When all patients receiving escitalopram were compared with those receiving nortriptyline, a marginal superiority of nortriptyline was found (p=0.08). One third of patients relapsed during the study period, and one third completed. Discussion: Due to small sample size, no valid efficacy inferences could be made. The outcome was poor, probably due to tapering off of non-study psychotropic drugs after randomisation; this has implications for future study designs. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00660062
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of chronic tinnitus: A randomized controlled study$$$ Background Tinnitus is an often disabling condition for which there is no effective therapy. Current research suggests that tinnitus may develop due to maladaptive plastic changes and altered activity in the auditory and prefrontal cortex. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) modulates brain activity and has been shown to transiently suppress tinnitus in trials. Objective To investigate the efficacy and safety of tDCS in the treatment of chronic subjective tinnitus. Methods In a randomized, parallel, double-blind, sham-controlled study, the efficacy and safety of cathodal tDCS to the auditory cortex with anode over the prefrontal cortex was investigated in five sessions over five consecutive days. Tinnitus was assessed after the last session on day 5, and at follow-up visits 1 and 3 months post stimulation using the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI, primary outcome measure), Subjective Tinnitus Severity Scale, Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale, Visual Analogue Scale, and Clinical Global Impression scale. Results 42 patients were investigated, 21 received tDCS and 21 sham stimulation. There were no beneficial effects of tDCS on tinnitus as assessed by primary and secondary outcome measures. Effect size assessed with Cohen's d amounted to 0.08 (95% CI: -0.52 to 0.69) at 1 month and 0.18 (95% CI: -0.43 to 0.78) at 3 months for the THI. Conclusion tDCS of the auditory and prefrontal cortices is safe, but does not improve tinnitus. Different tDCS protocols might be beneficial.
Effectiveness of transcranial direct current stimulation for the management of neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury: A meta-analysis$$$ Objectives:To conduct a systematic review and meta-analysis to examine the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on reducing neuropathic pain intensity in individuals with spinal cord injury (SCI).Methods:Medline, CINAHL, EMBASE and PsycINFO databases were searched for all relevant articles published from 1980 to November 2014. Trials were included if (i) tDCS intervention group and a placebo control group were present; (ii) at least 50% of participants in the study had an SCI and there were at least three participants; (iii) participants were aged 18 years or older; and (iv) persistent pain for at least 3 months. Studies were excluded if: (i) the tDCS intervention group was compared with an active treatment group; (ii) there was insufficient reporting detail to enable pooling of data; and (iii) it was a nonclinical trial (that is, reviews, epidemiology, basic sciences). A standardized mean difference (SMD)±s.e. and 95% confidence interval (CI) was calculated for each outcome of interest and the results were pooled using a fixed or random effects model, as appropriate. Effect sizes were interpreted as: small >0.2, moderate >0.5, large >0.8.Results:Five studies met inclusion criteria of which four were randomized controlled trials and one was a prospective controlled trial. The pooled analysis found a significant effect of tDCS on reducing neuropathic pain after SCI post treatment (SMD=0.510±0.202; 95% CI, 0.114-0.906; P<0.012); however, this effect was not maintained at follow-up (SMD=0.353±0.272; 95% CI, -0.179 to 0.886; P<0.194). A reduction of 1.33 units on a 10-item scale was observed post treatment. No significant adverse events were reported.Conclusion:Meta-analytic results indicate a moderate effect of tDCS in reducing neuropathic pain among individuals with SCI; however, the effect was not maintained at follow-up. A mean pooled decrease of 1.33 units on a 10-item scale was found post treatment. Several factors were implicated in the effectiveness of tDCS in reducing pain. Due to the limited number of studies and lack of follow-up, more evidence is required before treatment recommendations can be made.
Maternal outcomes at 3 months after planned caesarean section versus planned vaginal birth for twin pregnancies in the Twin Birth Study: A randomised controlled trial$$$ Objective To compare outcomes at 3 months post partum for women randomised to give birth by planned caesarean section (CS) or by planned vaginal birth (VB) in the Twin Birth Study (TBS). Design We invited women in the TBS to complete a 3-month follow-up questionnaire. Setting Two thousand and eight hundred and four women from 25 countries. Population Two thousand and five hundred and seventy women (92% response rate). Methods Women randomised between 13 December 2003 and 4 April 2011 in the TBS completed a questionnaire and outcomes were compared using an intention-to-treat approach. Main outcome and measures Breastfeeding, quality of life, depression, fatigue and urinary incontinence. Results We found no clinically important differences between groups in any outcome. In the planned CS versus planned VB groups, breastfeeding at any time after birth was reported by 84.4% versus 86.4% (P = 0.13); the mean physical and mental Short Form (36) Health Survey (SF-36) quality of life scores were 51.8 versus 51.6 (P = 0.65) and 46.7 versus 46.0 (P = 0.09), respectively; the mean Multidimensional Assessment of Fatigue score was 20.3 versus 20.8 (P = 0.14); the frequency of probable depression on the Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale was 14.0% versus 14.8% (P = 0.57); the rate of problematic urinary incontinence was 5.5% versus 6.4% (P = 0.31); and the mean Incontinence Impact Questionnaire-7 score was 20.5 versus 20.4 (P = 0.99). Partner relationships, including painful intercourse, were similar between the groups. Conclusion For women with twin pregnancies randomised to planned CS compared with planned VB, outcomes at 3 months post partum did not differ. The mode of birth was not associated with problematic urinary incontinence or urinary incontinence that affected the quality of life. Contrary to previous studies, breastfeeding at 3 months was not increased with planned VB. Tweetable abstract Planned mode of birth for twins doesn't affect maternal depression, wellbeing, incontinence or breastfeeding. Tweetable abstract Planned mode of birth for twins doesn't affect maternal depression, wellbeing, incontinence or breastfeeding.
From randomized controlled trials of antidepressant drugs to the meta-analytic synthesis of evidence: methodological aspects lead to discrepant findings$$$ During the last decade, several meta-analytic studies employing different methodological approaches have had inconsistent conclusions regarding antidepressant efficacy. Herein, we aim to comment on methodological aspects that may have contributed to disparate findings. We initially discuss methodological inconsistencies and limitations related to the conduct of individual antidepressant randomized controlled trials (RCTs), including differences in allocated samples, limitations of psychometric scales, possible explanations for the heightened placebo response rates in antidepressant RCTs across the past two decades as well as the reporting of conflicts of interest. In the second part of this article, we briefly describe the various meta-analyses techniques (e.g., simple random effects meta-analysis and network meta-analysis) and the application of these methods to synthesize evidence related to antidepressant efficacy. Recently published antidepressant metaanalyses often provide discrepant results and similar results often lead to different interpretations. Finally, we propose strategies to improve methodology considering real-world clinical scenarios.
Challenging treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: A roadmap for improved therapeutics$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is associated with a significant burden and costs to the society. As remission of depressive symptoms is achieved in only one-third of the MDD patients after the first antidepressant trial, unsuccessful treatments contribute largely to the observed suffering and social costs of MDD. The present article provides a summary of the therapeutic strategies that have been tested for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). A computerized search on MedLine/PubMed database from 1975 to September 2014 was performed, using the keywords “treatment-resistant depression”, “major depressive disorder”, “adjunctive”, “refractory” and “augmentation”. From the 581 articles retrieved, two authors selected 79 papers. A manual searching further considered relevant articles of the reference lists. The evidence found supports adding or switching to another antidepressant from a different class is an effective strategy in more severe MDD after failure to an initial antidepressant trial. Also, in subjects resistant to two or more classes of antidepressants, some augmentation strategies and antidepressant combinations should be considered, although the overall response and remission rates are relatively low, except for fast acting glutamatergic modulators. The wide range of available treatments for TRD reflects the complexity of MDD, which does not underlie diverse key features of the disorder. Larger and well-designed studies applying dimensional approaches to measure efficacy and effectiveness are warranted.
High-Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Reduces Pain in Postherpetic Neuralgia$$$ Objectives: Postherpetic neuralgia (PHN) is one of the most intractable pain disorders, especially in elderly patients. There is evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) reduces neuropathic pain; however, its effectiveness for PHN is unknown. This study investigated the efficacy of high-frequency rTMS in patients with PHN. Design: A total of 40 patients were randomly assigned to receive 10 sessions of real or sham rTMS of the primary motor cortex. Each stimulation session consisted of a series of 300 five-second pulses with a frequency of 10 Hz and an interval of 3 seconds between each train, giving a total of 1500 pulses per session. The primary outcome was pain intensity measured before stimulation from first intervention (T0) to the final stimulation (T10), and 1 and 3 months after final stimulation (T11 and T12). Other outcomes measured included scores on the short form McGill pain questionnaire, self-rating depression scale, quality of life (QOL), sleep quality, the patient global impression of change, medication regulation, and reported adverse events. Results: The real rTMS group demonstrated greater reduction of visual analogue scale (VAS) than the sham group at each time point except for T0 (P=0.399) and T1 (P=0.091). Mean VAS reduction in the real rTMS group was 16.89% for duration of disease longer than 6 months. These analgesic effects were associated with long-term improvement in rating-scale items related to QOL. Conclusion: The results suggest that rTMS is an effective and safe therapy in patients with PHN.
Predicting retrograde autobiographical memory changes following electroconvulsive therapy: Relationships between individual, treatment, and early clinical factors$$$ Background: Loss of personal memories experienced prior to receiving electroconvulsive therapy is common and distressing and in some patients can persist for many months following treatment. Improved understanding of the relationships between individual patient factors, electroconvulsive therapy treatment factors, and clinical indicators measured early in the electroconvulsive therapy course may help clinicians minimize these side effects through better management of the electroconvulsive therapy treatment approach. In this study we examined the associations between the above factors for predicting retrograde autobiographical memory changes following electroconvulsive therapy. Methods: Seventy-four depressed participants with major depressive disorder were administered electroconvulsive therapy 3 times per week using either a right unilateral or bitemporal electrode placement and brief or ultrabrief pulse width. Verbal fluency and retrograde autobiographical memory (assessed using the Columbia Autobiographical Memory Interview - Short Form) were tested at baseline and after the last electroconvulsive therapy treatment. Time to reorientation was measured immediately following the third and sixth electroconvulsive therapy treatments. Results: Results confirmed the utility of measuring time to reorientation early during the electroconvulsive therapy treatment course as a predictor of greater retrograde amnesia and the importance of assessing baseline cognitive status for identifying patients at greater risk for developing later side effects. With increased number of electroconvulsive therapy treatments, older age was associated with increased time to reorientation. Consistency of verbal fluency performance was moderately correlated with change in Columbia Autobiographical Memory Interview - Short Form scores following right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy. Conclusions: Electroconvulsive therapy treatment techniques associated with lesser cognitive side effects should be particularly considered for patients with lower baseline cognitive status or older age.
A randomized placebo-controlled trial of targeted prefrontal cortex modulation with bilateral tDCS in patients with crack-cocaine dependence$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has been shown to be clinically useful in the treatment of drug addiction. Methods: We conducted a double-blind randomized clinical trial aiming to assess the effects of bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex transcranial direct current stimulation (left cathodal/right anodal) on crack-cocaine addiction. We defined craving as the primary outcome, and other clinical measurements, including depressive and anxiety symtoms, and quality of life, as secondary outcomes. Seventeen male crack-cocaine users (mean age 30.4 ± 9.8 SD) were randomized to receive 5 sessions of active transcranial direct current stimulation (2 mA, 35 cm2, for 20 minutes), every other day, and 19 males (mean age 30.3 ± 8.4 SD) to receive sham-transcranial direct current stimulation (placebo) as control group. Results: Craving scores were significantly reduced in the transcranial direct current stimulation group after treatment when compared with sham-transcranial direct current stimulation (P = .028) and baseline values (P = .003), and decreased linearly over 4 weeks (before, during, and after treatment) in the transcranial direct current stimulation group only (P = .047). Changes of anxiety scores towards increase in the sham-transcranial direct current stimulation and decrease in the transcranial direct current stimulation group (P = .03), and of the overall perception of quality of life (P = .031) and of health (P = .048) towards decrease in the sham-transcranial direct current stimulation group and increase in the transcranial direct current stimulation group differed significantly between groups. Conclusions: Repetitive bilateral transcranial direct current stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex reduced craving for crack-cocaine use, decreased anxiety, and improved quality of life. We hypothesize that transcranial direct current stimulation effects may be associated with increased prefrontal processing and regulation of craving behavior.
Comparative efficacy of ketamine and other pharmacological and somatic interventions in adult patients with treatment-resistant depression: A network meta-analysis$$$ Objectives: Ketamine has demonstrated rapid and robust antidepressant effects in patients with treatment resistant depression (TRD) in investigational clinical trials. The objective of this study was to compare the efficacy of ketamine with other pharmacological and somatic treatments in adult TRD patients. Methods: A systematic literature review was performed in September 2014, using a predefined search strategy including MEDLINE, EMBASE and the Cochrane Library. TRD was defined as ≥ 2 antidepressant treatment failures. Thirty-one randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were included: 19 RCTs investigating 13 pharmacological interventions and 12 RCTs investigating electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Key outcomes were: disease severity change from baseline at 2 weeks measured on the Montgomery-A˚sberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and response rate at 2 weeks (i.e. reduction of ≥ 50% in MADRS total score). Placebo and sham arms were pooled into one reference group. The evidence base was synthesised by means of a Bayesian network meta-analysis. Results: Ketamine seemed more efficacious in reducing depressive symptoms at 2 weeks than aripiprazole augmentation (mean difference in MADRS reduction -11.0; 95% Credible Interval [CrI] -17.8 to -4.1), venlafaxine monotherapy(-12.7; [-23.2 to -2.2]), olanzapine/fluoxetine combination (-12.5; [-24.9 to -0.2]), fluoxetine monotherapy (-12.5; [-24.4 to -0.6]), quetiapine augmentation (-11.6; [-20 to -3.1]), nortriptyline monotherapy (-13; [-25.7 to -0.3]), lamotrigine augmentation (-13.2; [-24.2 to -2.2]), ECT (-9.4; [-18.4 to -0.5]) and rTMS (-9.8; [-16.2 to -3.5]). Also, ketamine showed the highest probability of being the best treatment (57%). The % responders at 2 weeks was 5-fold higher for ketamine than for aripiprazole (odds ratio (OR) 5.2; 95% CrI [1.4-27.5]) and rTMS (4.8; [1.1-27.5]), and 14-fold higher compared to placebo/sham treatment (13.7; [3.8-69.1]). Conclusions: Based on the evidence synthesis of available RCTs investigating the efficacy of TRD treatments at 2 weeks, ketamine demonstrated superior efficacy compared with other pharmacological and somatic interventions.
Towards new mechanisms: An update on therapeutics for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder$$$ Depression is a devastating disorder that places a significant burden on both the individual and society. As such, the discovery of novel therapeutics and innovative treatments - especially for treatment-resistant depression (TRD) - are essential. Research into antidepressant therapies for TRD has evolved from explorations of antidepressants with primary mechanisms of action on the monoaminergic neurotransmitter system to augmentation agents with primary mechanisms both within and outside of the serotonin/norepinephrine system. Now the field of antidepressant research has changed trajectories yet again; this time, compounds with primary mechanisms of action on the glutamatergic, cholinergic and opioid systems are in the forefront of antidepressant exploration. In this review, we will discuss the most recent research surrounding these novel compounds. In addition, we will discuss novel device-based therapeutics, with a particular focus on transcranial magnetic stimulation. In many cases of antidepressant drug discovery, the role of serendipity coupled with meticulous clinical observation in drug development in medicine was crucial. Moving forward, we must look toward the combination of innovation plus improvements on the remarkable discoveries thus far to advance the field of antidepressant research.
Psychopharmacological Agents and Suicide Risk Reduction: Ketamine and Other Approaches$$$ Suicide is a major global public health problem and the leading cause of injury mortality in the USA. Suicide is a complex phenomenon involving several systems and neurobiological pathways, with interacting genetic and environmental mechanisms. The literature on the neurobiology and pharmacotherapy of suicide has been limited. To date, no medications have proven efficacious for treating acute suicidal crises. There is an emerging literature supporting a rapid anti-suicidal effect of ketamine, a non-competitive N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) glutamate receptor antagonist, among depressed patients with suicidal ideation. Potential ketamine’s anti-suicidal effect mechanisms are linked to interruption of the kynurenine pathway and modulating pro-inflammatory cytokines exacerbation. However, available data are not sufficient for its routine integration in clinical practice, and larger and replicated randomized control studies are needed.
Study protocol for the randomised controlled trial: Ketamine augmentation of ECT to improve outcomes in depression (Ketamine-ECT study)$$$ Background: There is a robust empirical evidence base supporting the acute efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for severe and treatment resistant depression. However, a major limitation, probably contributing to its declining use, is that ECT is associated with impairment in cognition, notably in anterograde and retrograde memory and executive function. Preclinical and preliminary human data suggests that ketamine, used either as the sole anaesthetic agent or in addition to other anaesthetics, may reduce or prevent cognitive impairment following ECT. A putative hypothesis is that ketamine, through antagonising glutamate receptors, protects from excess excitatory neurotransmitter stimulation during ECT. The primary aim of the ketamine-ECT study is to investigate whether adjunctive ketamine can attenuate the cognitive impairment caused by ECT. Its secondary aim is to examine if ketamine increases the speed of clinical improvement with ECT. Methods/Design: The ketamine ECT study is a multi-site randomised, placebo-controlled, double blind trial. It was originally planned to recruit 160 moderately to severely depressed patients who had been clinically prescribed ECT. This recruitment target was subsequently revised to 100 patients due to recruitment difficulties. Patients will be randomly allocated on a 1:1 basis to receive either adjunctive ketamine or saline in addition to standard anaesthesia for ECT. The primary neuropsychological outcome measure is anterograde verbal memory (Hopkins Verbal Learning Test-Revised delayed recall task) after 4 ECT treatments. Secondary cognitive outcomes include verbal fluency, autobiographical memory, visuospatial memory and digit span. Efficacy is assessed using observer and self-report efficacy measures of depressive symptomatology. The effects of ECT and ketamine on cortical activity during cognitive tasks will be studied in a sub-sample using functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS). Discussion: The ketamine-ECT study aims to establish whether or not adjunctive ketamine used together with standard anaesthesia for ECT will significantly reduce the adverse cognitive effects observed after ECT. Potential efficacy benefits of increased speed of symptom improvement and a reduction in the number of ECT treatments required will also be assessed, as will safety and tolerability of adjunctive ketamine. This study will provide important evidence as to whether adjunctive ketamine is routinely indicated for ECT given for depression in routine NHS clinical practice.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation induces oscillatory power changes in chronic tinnitus$$$ Chronic tinnitus is associated with neuroplastic changes in auditory and non-auditory cortical areas. About 10 years ago, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of auditory and prefrontal cortex was introduced as potential treatment for tinnitus. The resulting changes in tinnitus loudness are interpreted in the context of rTMS induced activity changes (neuroplasticity). Here, we investigate the effect of single rTMS sessions on oscillatory power to probe the capacity of rTMS to interfere with tinnitus-specific cortical plasticity. We measured 20 patients with bilateral chronic tinnitus and 20 healthy controls comparable for age, sex, handedness, and hearing level with a 63-channel electroencephalography (EEG) system. Educational level, intelligence, depressivity and hyperacusis were controlled for by analysis of covariance. Different rTMS protocols were tested: Left and right temporal and left and right prefrontal cortices were each stimulated with 200 pulses at 1 Hz and with an intensity of 60% stimulator output. Stimulation of central parietal cortex with 6-fold reduced intensity (inverted passive-cooled coil) served as sham condition. Before and after each rTMS protocol 5 min of resting state EEG were recorded. The order of rTMS protocols was randomized over two sessions with 1 week interval in between. Analyses on electrode level showed that people with and without tinnitus differed in their response to left temporal and right frontal stimulation. In tinnitus patients left temporal rTMS decreased frontal theta and delta and increased beta2 power, whereas right frontal rTMS decreased right temporal beta3 and gamma power. No changes or increases were observed in the control group. Only non-systematic changes in tinnitus loudness were induced by single sessions of rTMS. This is the first study to show tinnitus-related alterations of neuroplasticity that were specific to stimulation site and oscillatory frequency. The observed effects can be interpreted within the thalamocortical dysrhythmia model assuming that slow waves represent processes of deafferentiation and that high frequencies might be indicators for tinnitus loudness. Moreover our findings confirm the role of the left temporal and the right frontal areas as relevant hubs in tinnitus related neuronal network. Our results underscore the value of combined TMS-EEG measurements for investigating disease related changes in neuroplasticity.
Antidepressant efficacy and side-effect burden: A quick guide for clinicians$$$ Prescribing of antidepressant treatment (ADT) for major depressive disorder (MDD) has increased in quantity and popularity over the last two decades. This is likely due to the approval of safer medications, better education of clinicians and their patients, direct-to-consumer marketing practices, and less stigma associated with those taking ADT. This trend has also been met with some controversy, however, as the ongoing safety and effectiveness of these treatments have at times been called into question. This paper discusses the differing levels of evidence that support the use of ADT based on (A) Food and Drug Administration approvals, (B) data from randomized controlled trials or meta-analyses and, where these are not available, the authors discuss and apply, (C) theoretical pharmacodynamic principles to justify antidepressant choice in the treatment of MDD patients. The final section discusses standard psychopharmacology guideline approaches to better alert the reader as to which practices are commonplace compared with those which are more outside of the standard of care.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for the cognitive rehabilitation of traumatic brain injury (TBI) victims: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has been proposed as a new tool in neurological rehabilitation of victims of traumatic brain injury (TBI). However, its usefulness to treat this condition has never been tested rigorously. The primary goal is to conduct a study protocol to determine whether rTMS used to cognitive rehabilitation of victims of TBI with diffuse axonal injury (DAI) is a safe instrument and if it enhances cognitive function recovery. Methods: Double-blind randomized controlled trial of patients with diffuse axonal injury. Thirty-six patients will be randomized to either an active coil group or sham group in a 1:1 ratio. rTMS protocol: 10 sessions of high-frequency rTMS (10Hz) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Cortical Excitability measures will be obtained. Neuropsychological evaluations will be performed 1week before, 1week and 3months after rTMS. There are 2 study hypotheses: (1) rTMS over the left DLPFC in patients with DAI will improve cognitive function and (2) whether rTMS is safe in TBI patients. Discussion: This study evaluates the immediate and delayed effects of rTMS over the DLPFC on the cognitive domain of patients with DAI following TBI. rTMS has shown good results in treating major depression and may be promising for patients with TBI. As such, the results of this study can greatly modify the cognitive rehabilitation strategies. Trial registration: This trial was registered in clinicaltrials.gov (NCT02167971) on 17 June 2014.
A Review of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation as a Treatment for Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder$$$ Patients with post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) may fail to achieve adequate relief despite treatment with psychotherapy, pharmacotherapy, or complementary medicine treatments. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation procedure that can alter neuronal activity through administration of various pulse sequences and frequencies. TMS may theoretically have promise in correcting alterations observed in patients with PTSD. While the precise treatment location and pulse sequences remain undefined, current evidence suggests two promising targets, the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the medial prefrontal cortex. The beneficial effects may be due to the secondary or indirect regulation of other brain structures that may be involved in the mood regulatory network. TMS may be an effective part of a comprehensive treatment program for PTSD, although significant work remains to define optimal treatment parameters and clarify how it fits within a broader traditional treatment program.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of depression: Systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and tolerability$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a potential alternative treatment option for major depressive episodes (MDE). Objectives: We address the efficacy and safety of tDCS in MDE. Methods: The outcome measures were Hedges' g for continuous depression ratings, and categorical response and remission rates. Results: A random effects model indicated that tDCS was superior to sham tDCS (k= 11, N= 393, g= 0.30, 95% CI = [0.04, 0.57], p= 0.027). Adjunctive antidepressant medication and cognitive control training negatively impacted on the treatment effect. The pooled log odds ratios (LOR) for response and remission were positive, but statistically non-significant (response: k= 9, LOR = 0.36, 95% CI[-0.16, 0.88], p= 0.176, remission: k= 9, LOR = 0.25, 95% CI [-0.42, 0.91], p= 0.468). We estimated that for a study to detect the pooled continuous effect (g= 0.30) at 80% power (alpha = 0.05), a total N of at least 346 would be required (with the total N required to detect the upper and lower bound being 49 and 12,693, respectively). Conclusions: tDCS may be efficacious for treatment of MDE. The data do not support the use of tDCS in treatment-resistant depression, or as an add-on augmentation treatment. Larger studies over longer treatment periods are needed.
The mechanisms of action of deep brain stimulation and ideas for the future development$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has been used as a treatment of movement disorders such as Parkinson's disease, dystonia, and essential tremor for over twenty years, and is a promising treatment for depression and epilepsy. However, the exact mechanisms of action of DBS are still uncertain, although different theories have emerged. This review summarizes the current understanding in this field. Different modalities used to investigate DBS such as electrophysiological, imaging and biochemical studies have revealed different mechanisms of DBS. The mechanisms may also be different depending on the structure targeted, the disease condition or the animal model employed. DBS may inhibit the target neuronal networks but activate the efferent axons. It may suppress pathological rhythms or impose new rhythms associated with beneficial effects, and involves neuronal networks with widespread connections. Different neurotransmitter systems such as dopamine and GABA upregulation are involved in the effects of DBS. There are also technical advances to prolong the battery life and specific targeting based on new electrode designs with multiple contacts which have the ability to steer the current toward a specific direction. There is ongoing work in closed loop or adaptive DBS using neural oscillations to provide the feedback signals. These oscillations need to be better characterized in a wide variety of clinical settings in future studies. Individualization of DBS parameters based on neural oscillations may optimize the clinical benefits of DBS.
Ketamine and other NMDA antagonists: Early clinical trials and possible mechanisms in depression$$$ Objective: Theauthorsconductedasystematic reviewandmetaanalysis of ketamine and other N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonists in the treatment of major depression. Method: Searches of MEDLINE, PsycINFO, and other databases were conducted for placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomizedclinical trials ofNMDAantagonists inthetreatment of depression. Primary outcomes were rates of treatment response and transient remission of symptoms. Secondary outcomes included change in depression symptom severity and the frequency and severity of dissociative and psychotomimetic effects. Results for each NMDA antagonist were combined inmeta-analyses, reporting odds ratios for dichotomous outcomes and standardized mean differences for continuous outcomes. Results: Ketamine (seven trials encompassing 147 ketaminetreated participants) produced a rapid, yet transient, antidepressant effect, with odds ratios for response and transient remission of symptoms at 24 hours equaling 9.87 (4.37?22.29) and 14.47 (2.67?78.49), respectively, accompanied by brief psychotomimetic and dissociative effects. Ketamine augmentation of ECT (five trials encompassing 89 ketaminetreatedparticipants) significantlyreduceddepressive symptoms following aninitial treatment (Hedges?g50.933) but not at the conclusion of theECTcourse. OtherNMDAantagonists failed to consistently demonstrate efficacy; however, two partial agonists at the NMDA coagonist site, D-cycloserine and rapastinel, significantly reduced depressive symptoms without psychotomimetic or dissociative effects. Conclusions: The antidepressant efficacy of ketamine, and perhaps D-cycloserine and rapastinel, holds promise for future glutamate-modulating strategies; however, the ineffectiveness of other NMDA antagonists suggests that any forthcoming advances will depend on improving our understanding of ketamine?s mechanism of action. The fleeting nature of ketamine?s therapeutic benefit, coupled with its potential for abuse and neurotoxicity, suggest that its use in the clinical setting warrants caution.
Impact comparison of ketamine and sodium thiopental on anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy in major depression patients with drug-resistant$$$ A double-blind randomized clinical trial; Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the available and the most effective therapies for the treatment of resistant depression. Considering the crucial role of seizure duration on therapeutic response in patients treated with ECT, this study aimed to compare the effect of ketamine and sodium thiopental anesthesia during ECT for treatment of patients with drug-resistant major depression (DRMD). Materials and Methods: In a double-blind randomized clinical trial, 160 patients with DRMD were selected consequently and were assigned randomly into two groups including ketamine 0.8 mg/kg and sodium thiopental 1.5 mg/kg. The seizure duration, recovery time, and the side effects of anesthesia were evaluated after 1-h after anesthesia. Data of recovery time and complication collected in 2 nd, 4 th, 6 th, and 8 th ECT. Depression was assessed by Hamilton depression scale. Results: The results indicated that ketamine and sodium thiopental had a significant effect on the reduction of depression scores in patients with DRMD (P < 0.05). Complications such as a headache, nausea, pain at the injection site, short-term delirium, and long-term delirium were higher in ketamine group (P > 0.05). But ketamine was more effective in improvement of depression score and increasing systolic and diastolic blood pressure (P < 0.05). The mean of seizure duration showed a decreasing trend and was significant between two study groups (P < 0.05). Conclusion: Anesthesia induced by ketamine during ECT therapy increased blood pressure and seizure duration. Therefore, due to lower medical complication and attack rate of seizure, ketamine is an appropriate option for anesthesia with ECT in patients with DRMD.
Patients' Opinions about Electroconvulsive Therapy: What Do Adolescents with Schizophrenia Spectrum Disorders Think?$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to assess, in patients with schizophrenia spectrum disorders (SSD) who received electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) prior to the age of 18, their experience, knowledge, and attitudes toward ECT, and to compare the findings with those obtained in adolescents treated only with antipsychotics. Methods: Patients diagnosed with SSD (n=19) and treated with ECT before the age of 18 years (ECT group; n=19) were compared with a randomly selected group of patients with SSD treated only with antipsychotics (non-ECT group, n=21). A self-administered questionnaire was used to assess their experience, knowledge, and attitudes. Results: Most adolescents in the ECT group thought that the intervention had been helpful (78.9%) and believed that their illness had been worse than ECT or medication (68.4%). Similarly, almost three quarters of these patients did not believe the treatment to be cruel (73.7%) or outdated (73.7%), or that it should be illegal (68.4%). Patients in the non-ECT group often chose "don't know" as their response to the survey questions, and significant differences between the groups were observed. Most patients in both the ECT group (84.2%) and the non-ECT group (80%) said that they would accept the treatment in the future if necessary, there being no differences between the groups in this respect (p=0.2). Conclusions: Most adolescents in the ECT group had positive views about ECT. By contrast, most adolescents in the non-ECT group either did not know or did not have a clear opinion regarding ECT treatment, although they did not have negative views about it.
Abnormal anterior cingulate N-acetylaspartate and executive functioning in treatment-resistant depression after rTMS therapy$$$ Background: Cognitive impairment is a key feature of treatment-resistant depression (TRD) and can be related to the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) function. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as an antidepressant intervention has increasingly been investigated in the last two decades. However, no studies to date have investigated the association between neurobiochemical changes within the anterior cingulate and executive dysfunction measured in TRD being treated with rTMS. Methods: Thirty-two young depressed patients with treatment-resistant unipolar depression were enrolled in a double-blind, randomized study [active (n=18) vs. sham (n=14)]. ACC metabolism was investigated before and after high-frequency (15Hz) rTMS using 3-tesla proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS). The results were compared with 28 age-and gender-matched healthy controls. Executive functioning was measured with the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) among 34 subjects with TRD and 28 healthy subjects. Results: Significant reductions in N-acetylaspartate (NAA) and choline-containingCompound levels in the left ACC were found in subjects with TRD pre-rTMS when compared with healthy controls. After successful treatment, NAA levels increased significantly in the left ACC of subjects and were not different from those of age-matched controls. In the WCST, more perseverative errors and fewer correct numbers were observed in TRD subjects at baseline. Improvements in both perseverative errors and correct numbers occurred after active rTMS. In addition, improvement of perseverative errors was positively correlated with enhancement of NAA levels in the left ACC in the active rTMS group. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the NAA concentration in the left ACC is associated with an improvement in cognitive functioning among subjects with TRD response to active rTMS.
Dopamine transporter availability in alcohol-dependent patients before and after deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A 123I-FP-CIT Study$$$ AIM: Experimental and neuroimaging studies suggest a striatal dopaminergic dysfunction in alcohol dependence. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a new and promising treatment for substance addiction. Preliminary data in alcohol-dependent patients showed that rTMS of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex increases dopamine release in the striatum, reducing craving. We assessed DAT availability in actively drinking alcoholics before and after deep rTMS by 123IFP- CIT SPECT, investigating changes in DAT levels and clinical parameters. MATERIALS & METHODS: We enrolled 14 untreated patients (12 M, mean age: 49 ± 10 years) with a DSM-IV diagnosis of alcohol dependence in an active drinking phase and without a major psychiatric disorder. After baseline SPECT scan, 11/14 patients were randomised to a real rTMS (n=5) or a sham stimulation (n=6). Each patient underwent 12 rTMS sessions for one month and a second SPECT scan was carried out at the end of treatment. Severity of alcohol dependence and craving were assessed before and after rTMS with the Alcohol Dependence Scale, Penn Alcohol Craving Scale and Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale. Anxiety and depression were evaluated by the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory and Zung Depression Self-Rating Scale. The alcohol Timeline Follow-back (TLFB) was used to estimate daily drinking. A 123I-FP-CIT template was generated with images of 20 healthy subjects (HS, 12 M, mean age: 47±16 years). Patient scans were spatially normalised to the 123I-FPCIT template by SPM8. The analysis was performed using VOIs selected from a digital atlas; VOI mean activity concentration was obtained through the Marsbar toolbox and Specific Binding Ratios (SBRs) were calculated in the caudate nuclei and putamina. RESULTS: At baseline, alcoholics showed higher SBRs in the caudate nuclei and putamina (p<0.05) in comparison with HS. An inverse correlation was found between SBR in the left caudate and anxiety levels (p<0.05). After treatment, patients submitted to real rTMS had a reduction in SBRs and differences were no longer detected in comparison with HS. Conversely, patients undergoing sham stimulation showed higher SBRs compared with HS (p<0.05) also in the SPECT scan after treatment. When considering TLFB data, a significant reduction in alcohol intake (p<0.05) was detected only in patients submitted to real rTMS. CONCLUSION: Our preliminary data show that striatal DAT availability was increased in alcohol-dependent patients, supporting the assumption of a dysfunctional dopaminergic system. Notwithstanding the small sample, an SBR “normalization” and a reduction in alcohol intake after real rTMS could suggest clinical efficacy of deep rTMS.
Dopamine transporter availability in alcoholdependent patients before and after deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A 123IFP-CIT study$$$ Introduction: Experimental and neuroimaging studies suggest a striatal dopaminergic dysfunction in alcohol dependence. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a new promising treatment for substance addiction. Preliminary data in alcohol-dependent patients showed that rTMS of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex increases dopamine release in the striatum, reducing craving. Aims & Methods: The aim of this study is to assess DAT availability in actively drinking alcoholics before and after deep rTMS by 123I-FP-CIT SPECT, exploring changes in DAT levels and clinical parameters. We enrolled 14 untreated patients (12 M, mean age: 49±10 years) with a DSM-IV diagnosis of alcohol dependence and a current alcohol drinking phase and without a major psychiatric disorder. After baseline SPECT scan, 11/14 patients were randomised to a real rTMS (n=5) or a sham stimulation (n=6). Each patient underwent 12 rTMS sessions for one month and a second SPECT scan was carried out at the end of treatment. Severity of alcohol dependence and craving were assessed before and after rTMS through the Alcohol Dependence Scale, Penn Alcohol Craving Scale and Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale. Anxiety and depression were evaluated by the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory and Zung Depression Self-Rating Scale. The alcohol Timeline Follow-back (TLFB) was used to estimate daily drinking. A 123I-FP-CIT template was created with images of 20 healthy subjects (HS, 12 M, mean age: 47±16 years). Patient scans were spatially normalised to the 123I-FP-CIT template by SPM8. Analysis was performed using VOIs selected from a digital atlas; VOI mean activity concentration was obtained through Marsbar toolbox and Specific Binding Ratios (SBR) were calculated in the caudate nuclei and putamina. Results: At baseline, alcoholics showed higher SBR in caudate nuclei and putamina (p<0.05) in comparison with HS. An inverse correlation was found between SBR in the left caudate and anxiety levels (p<0.05). After treatment, patients submitted to real rTMS had a reduction in SBR and no differences were any longer detected in comparison with HS. Conversely, patients submitted to sham stimulation showed higher SBR as compared with HS (p<0.05) also at SPECT examination after treatment. When considering TLFB data, a significant reduction in alcohol intake (p<0.05) was detected only in patients submitted to real rTMS. Conclusion: Our preliminary data show that striatal DAT availability is increased in alcohol-dependent patients, supporting the assumption of a dysfunctional dopaminergic system. The finding of a SBR “normalization” as well as a reduction in alcohol intake after real rTMS, although obtained in a small sample, could suggest a clinical usefulness of deep rTMS.
Neuromodulatory Non-invasive Brain Stimulation: Methods and Clinical Application$$$ Pathological alterations of plasticity are increasingly discussed as pathophysiological foundation of diverse neurologic and psychiatric diseases. The tools of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) offer the possibility to examine altered plasticity in patients and furthermore modulate pathological plasticity therapeutically. Multiple methods to affect human neuroplasticity were developed and established during the last years. These include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), paired associative stimulation (PAS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and oscillatory electric stimulation procedures like transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) and random noise stimulation. The only FDA-approved and clinically implemented method of NIBS is the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation that is used for the treatment of major depressions. All other tools of NIBS have so far been mainly applied experimentally. In the following article we provide an overview of the different methods of NIBS, the present clinical and therapeutic data and future perspectives.
Non invasive neurostimulation$$$ Neurostimulation has been used in pain management for a long time. Several neuromodulatory surgical techniques were developed to manage headaches unresponsive to medical treatment, in particular for preventive treatment. Recently, novel non invasive neurostimulation approaches have been used successfully for different forms of headache: they represent a promising opportunity in headache management useful for acute and preventive treatment of migraine. Among the different non invasive approaches, transcutaneous supraorbital electrostimulation device (Cefaly), transcutaneous magnetic stimulation (TMS), transcranial electrical stimulation (t DCS), and non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation device (n VNS) have shown efficacy in a consistent number of pilot studies (lack of placebo condition). Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) was a well known surgical procedure approved for treatment of refractory epilepsy and depression, with a peripheral mechanism of action. It has been used in selected intractable migraine cases if associated with comorbid depression, with promising results. A hand-held patient controlled non-invasive vagus nerve stimulation device (Gammacore) has been developed to treat migraine attack and has contributed to an easier treatment of migraine episodes. Goadsby et al reported significant results from treatment of migraine attacks by non-invasive transcutaneous vagal nerve stimulation in a population of 30 patients with a 2-hour pain-free rate of 22%. In our open-label, single arm, multiple attack, 27 patients, 18-65 years old, with a diagnosis of migraine without aura according to the IHS beta 2013 classification, with a high frequency, were enrolled and participated in the study with 112 attacks treated. Treatment consisted of one stimulation, 90-second dose, delivered to the right cervical branch of the vagus nerve. In forty-four attacks (39.2%) 9 resolved within 30 minutes; 50 attacks (44.6%) did not resolve in the first 2 hours, so patients used rescue medication; in 18 attacks (16.2%) there was no complete resolution of pain, but a significant relief in the first 2 hours (40% in the VAS scale) and patients did not use any rescue medication. No adverse events were recorded, the therapy was well tolerated. Noninvasive vagus nerve stimulation (nVNS) offers a novel approach to acute migraine attack. For patients with high frequency of migraine attacks, nVNS may represent a suitable tool to decrease the risk of medication overuse. The variety of non-invasive neuromodulatory approaches has opened new strategies for treatment of patients suffering from drugrefractory forms of headache. Randomized sham controlled studies and larger and multicentre trials are needed in order to determine the optimal dosage and to clarify the mode of action.
Spaced Noninvasive Brain Stimulation: Prospects for Inducing Long-Lasting Human Cortical Plasticity$$$ Neuroplasticity is critical for learning, memory, and recovery of lost function following neurological damage. Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques can induce neuroplastic changes in the human cortex that are behaviorally relevant, raising the exciting possibility that these techniques might be therapeutically beneficial for neurorehabilitation following brain injury. However, the short duration and instability of induced effects currently limits their usefulness. To date, trials investigating the therapeutic value of neuroplasticity-inducing NIBS have used either single or multiple treatment sessions, typically repeated once-daily for 1 to 2 weeks. Although multiple stimulation sessions are presumed to have cumulative effects on neuroplasticity induction, there is little direct scientific evidence to support this '€'once-daily'€' approach. In animal models, the repeated application of stimulation protocols spaced using relatively short intervals (typically of the order of minutes) induces long-lasting and stable changes in synaptic efficacy. Likewise, learning through spaced repetition facilitates the establishment of long-term memory. In both cases, the spacing interval is critical in determining the outcome. Emerging evidence in healthy human populations suggests that the within-session spacing of NIBS protocols may be an effective approach for significantly prolonging the duration of induced neuroplastic changes. Similar to findings in the animal and learning literature, the interval at which spaced NIBS is applied seems to be a critical factor influencing the neuroplastic response. In this Point of View article, we propose that to truly exploit the therapeutic opportunities provided by NIBS, future clinical trials should consider the optimal spacing interval for repeated applications.
Effect of Adjunctive Celecoxib on BDNF in Manic Patients Undergoing Electroconvulsive Therapy: A Randomized Double Blind Controlled Trial$$$ Introduction: The possible effect of inflammatory factors on decreasing BDNF has been proposed in the literature. There is conflicting evidence regarding association between BDNF level alteration and treatment response in depressive patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). This study investigated the effects of celecoxib in manic patients undergoing ECT on treatment response and BDNF levels. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, clinical trial included 35 manic patients who received either celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) or placebo, from one day before the 1st ECT session throughout the 6th session. BDNF levels were measured at baseline, 1st, 3rd and 6th ECT sessions. Young mania rating scale was used to assess treatment response. Results: Adding celecoxib was not associated with a significant rise in BDNF levels following ECT. No difference was noted between groups in terms of treatment response. No significant association was found between changes in BDNF levels and patients' responses. Discussion: Adjuvant celecoxib did not significantly affect the BDNF level or the treatment response following ECT in manic patients.
Ketamine and other glutamate receptor modulators for depression in adults$$$ Background: Considering the ample evidence of involvement of the glutamate system in the pathophysiology of depression, pre-clinical and clinical studies have been conducted to assess the antidepressant efficacy of glutamate inhibition, and glutamate receptor modulators in particular. This review focuses on the use of glutamate receptor modulators in unipolar depression. Objectives: To assess the effects - and review the acceptability - of ketamine and other glutamate receptor modulators in comparison to placebo (or saline placebo), other pharmacologically active agents, or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in alleviating the acute symptoms of depression in people with unipolar major depressive disorder. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Depression, Anxiety and Neurosis Review Group's Specialised Register (CCDANCTR, to 9 January 2015). This register includes relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from: the Cochrane Library (all years), MEDLINE (1950 to date), EMBASE (1974 to date), and PsycINFO (1967 to date). We did not apply any restrictions to date, language or publication status. Selection criteria: Double- or single-blind RCTs comparing ketamine, memantine, or other glutamate receptor modulators with placebo (or saline placebo), other active psychotropic drugs, or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adults with unipolar major depression. Data collection and analysis: Three review authors independently identified studies, assessed trial quality and extracted data. The primary outcomes for this review were response rate and adverse events. Main results: We included 25 studies (1242 participants) on ketamine (9 trials), memantine (3), AZD6765 (3), D-cycloserine (2), Org26576 (2), atomoxetine (1), CP-101,606 (1), MK-0657 (1), N-acetylcysteine (1), riluzole (1) and sarcosine (1). Twenty-one studies were placebo-controlled and the majority were two-arm studies (23 out of 25). Twenty-two studies defined an inclusion criteria specifying the severity of depression; 11 specified at least moderate depression; eight, severe depression; and the remaining three, mild-moderate depression. Nine studies recruited only treatment-resistant patients. We rated the risk of bias as low or unclear for most domains, though lack of detail regarding masking of treatment in the studies reduced our certainty in the effect for all outcomes. We rated three studies as having high risk for selective outcome reporting. Many trials did not provide information on all the prespecified outcomes and we found no data, or very limited data, on very important issues like suicidality, cognition, quality of life, costs to healthcare services and dropouts due to lack of efficacy. Among all glutamate receptor modulators, only ketamine (administered intravenously) proved to be more efficacious than placebo, though the quality of evidence was limited by risk of bias and small sample sizes. There was low quality evidence that treatment with ketamine increased the likelihood of response after 24 hours (odds ratio (OR) 10.77, 95% confidence interval (CI) 2.00 to 58.00; 3 RCTs, 56 participants), 72 hours (OR 12.59, 95% CI 2.38 to 66.73; 3 RCTs, 56 participants), and one week (OR 2.58, 95% CI 1.08 to 6.16; 4 RCTs, 131 participants). The effect of ketamine was even less certain at two weeks, as data were available from only one trial (OR 0.93, 95% CI 0.31 to 2.83; 51 participants, low quality evidence). This was consistent across all efficacy outcomes. Ketamine caused more confusion and emotional blunting compared to placebo. There was insufficient evidence to determine if this increased the likelihood of leaving the study early (OR 1.90, 95% CI 0.43 to 8.47; 5 RCTs, 139 participants, low quality evidence). One RCT with 72 participants reported higher numbers of responders on ketamine than midazolam at 24 hours (OR 0.36, 95% CI 0.14 to 0.58), 72 hours (OR 0.37, 95% CI 0.16 to 0.59), and one week (OR 0.29, 95% CI 0.08 to 0.49). However, midazolam was better tolerated than ketamine in terms of blurred vision, dizziness, general malaise and nausea/vomiting at 24 hours post-infusion. The evidence contributing to these outcomes was of low quality. We found better efficacy of sarcosine over citalopram at four weeks (OR 6.93, 95% CI 1.53 to 31.38; 1 study, 40 participants), but not at two weeks (OR: 8.14, 95% CI 0.88 to 75.48); fewer participants in the sarcosine group experienced adverse events (OR 0.04, 95% CI 0.00 to 0.68; P = 0.03, 1 study, 40 participants). This was based on low quality evidence. No significant results were found for the remaining glutamate receptor modulators. In one study with 18 participants, ketamine was more effective than ECT at 24 hours (OR 28.00, 95% CI 2.07 to 379.25) and 72 hours (OR 12.25, 95% CI 1.33 to 113.06), but not at one week (OR 3.35, 95% CI 0.12 to 93.83), or two weeks (OR 3.35, 95% CI 0.12 to 93.83). No differences in terms of adverse events were found between ketamine and ECT, however the only adverse events reported were blood pressure and heart rate. This study was rated as very low quality. Authors' conclusions: We found limited evidence for ketamine's efficacy over placebo at time points up to one week in terms of the primary outcome, response rate. The effects were less certain at two weeks post-treatment. No significant results were found for the remaining ten glutamate receptor modulators, except for sarcosine being more effective than citalopram at four weeks. In terms of adverse events, the only significant differences in favour of placebo over ketamine were in regards to confusion and emotional blunting. Despite the promising nature of these preliminary results, our confidence in the evidence was limited by risk of bias and the small number of participants. Many trials did not provide information on all the prespecified outcomes and we found no data, or very limited data, on very important issues like suicidality, cognition, quality of life, costs to healthcare services and dropouts due to lack of efficacy. All included studies administered ketamine intravenously, which can pose practical problems in clinical practice. Very few trials were included in the meta-analyses for each comparison; the majority of comparisons contained only one study. Further RCTs (with adequate blinding) are needed to explore different modes of administration of ketamine with longer follow-up, which test the comparative efficacy of ketamine and the efficacy of repeated administrations.
Effects of l-Dopa and pramipexole on plasticity induced by QPS in human motor cortex$$$ Abnormal plasticity has been reported in the brain of patients with Parkinson’s disease (PD), especially in the striatum. Although both l-Dopa and dopamine agonist remain to be the mainstay of the treatment in PD, their differential effects on cortical plasticity are unclear. We applied quadripulse stimulation (QPS) over the primary motor cortex (M1) in ten normal subjects to induce bidirectional long-term motor cortical plasticity. A long-term potentiation (LTP)-like effect was induced in the primary motor cortex (M1) by high-frequency QPS5 (interpulse interval of 5 ms) over M1, whereas a long-term depression (LTD)-like effect was induced by low-frequency QPS50 (interpulse interval of 50 ms), and the effects lasted up to 90 min after the stimulation pulses have ceased. In a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled crossover design, l-Dopa carbidopa 100 mg, pramipexole 1.5 mg [150 mg LED (l-Dopa equivalent dose)], or placebo was administered to the subjects 30 min before applying QPS. l-Dopa enhanced both LTP- and LTD-like plasticity as compared to placebo. In contrast, neither an LTP-like effect nor an LTD-like effect was modulated by pramipexole. The lack of LTP enhancement by pramipexole is compatible with the finding that D1 activation strengthens LTP because pramipexole is almost purely a D2 agonist. The lack of LTD enhancement by pramipexole is also consistent with the finding that both D1 and D2 coactivation is required for LTD. This is the first report to show that dopamine enhances LTD as well as LTP in the human brain and that coactivation of D1 and D2 is a requisite for LTD enhancement in normal humans.
Analgesic effect of cathodal transcranial current stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in subjects with muscular temporomandibular disorders: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Temporomandibular disorders are a group of orofacial pain conditions that are commonly identified in the general population. Like many other chronic pain conditions, they can be associated with anxiety/depression, which can be related to changes in the activity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Some studies have demonstrated clinical improvement in subjects with chronic pain who are given therapeutic neuromodulation. Transcranial direct current stimulation is a noninvasive brain stimulation technique that allows the modulation of neuronal membranes. This therapy can enhance or inhibit action potential generation in cortical neurons. In some instances, medications acting in the central nervous system may be helpful despite their adverse side effects. It is important to determine if cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, an area that modulates emotion and motor cortex excitability, has an analgesic effect on chronic temporomandibular disorders pain. Method/design: The investigators will run a randomized, controlled crossover double blind study with 15 chronic muscular temporomandibular disorder subjects. Each subject will undergo active (1 mA and 2 mA) and sham transcranial direct current stimulation. Inclusion criteria will be determined by the Research Diagnostic Criteria for Temporomandibular Disorders questionnaire, with subjects who have a pain visual analogic scale score of greater than 4/10 and whose pain has been present for the previous 6 months, and with a State-Trait Anxiety Inventory score of more than 42. The influence of transcranial direct current stimulation will be assessed through a visual analogic scale, quantitative sensory testing, quantitative electroencephalogram, and the State-Trait Anxiety Inventory score. Discussion: Some studies have demonstrated a strong association between anxiety/depression and chronic pain, where one may be the cause of the other. This is especially true in chronic temporomandibular disorders, and breaking this cycle may have an effect over the symptoms and associated dysfunction. We believe that by inhibiting activity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex though cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation, there may be a change in both anxiety/depression and pain level. Transcranial direct current stimulation may emerge as a new tool to be considered for managing these patients. We envision that the information obtained from this study will provide a better understanding of the management of chronic temporomandibular disorders. Trial registration: This trial was registered at clinicaltrials.gov on 24 May 2014 (Identifier: NCT02152267 ).
Effect of the Addition of Ketamine to Sevoflurane Anesthesia on Seizure Duration in Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Objectives We evaluated the effects of a subanesthetic dose of ketamine, which was administered as an adjunct to sevoflurane, on duration of seizure activity, hemodynamic profile, and recovery times during electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression. Methods Patients were randomly allocated to a group receiving either sevoflurane-ketamine (group SK) or sevoflurane-saline (group SS). Sevoflurane was initiated in both groups at 8% for anesthesia induction until loss of consciousness was achieved, at which point it was discontinued. After loss of consciousness, ketamine was administered to the group SK in the form of a 0.5-mg/kg intravenous bolus. Patients in the group SS received saline in the same manner. Mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate were recorded before anesthetic induction (T1); after anesthetic induction (T2); as well as 0, 1, 3, and 10 minutes after the seizure had ended (T3, T4, T5, and T6, respectively). Motor and electroencephalogram seizure durations were recorded. Results Motor and electroencephalogram seizure durations in the group SS were similar to those observed for the group SK. The heart rate increased significantly during T2 to T6 in both group SS and group SK compared with the baseline. The MAP increased in the group SS during the period between T3 and T6 as well as in the group SK during the same period compared with the baseline. The MAP increased more in the group SK, in comparison with the group SS, during T2 (P < 0.05). Conclusions The addition of ketamine at subanesthetic doses, for the purposes of anesthetic induction with sevoflurane, yielded results similar to those in the control group in terms of both seizure duration and hemodynamic stability.
Comparison of the neuropsychological mechanisms of 2,6-diisopropylphenol and N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist against electroconvulsive therapy-induced learning and memory impairment in depressed rats$$$ The present study aimed to examine the neurophysiological mechanisms of the 2,6-diisopropylphenol and N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist against learning and memory impairment, induced by electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). A total of 48 adult depressed rats without olfactory bulbs were randomly divided into six experimental groups: i) saline; ii) 10 mg/kg MK-801; iii) 10 mg/kg MK-801 and a course of ECT; iv) 200 mg/kg 2,6-diisopropylphenol; v) 200 mg/kg 2,6-diisopropylphenol and a course of ECT; and vi) saline and a course of ECT. The learning and memory abilities of the rats were assessed using a Morris water maze 1 day after a course of ECT. The hippocampus was removed 1 day after assessment using the Morris water maze assessment. The content of glutamate in the hippocampus was detected using high-performance liquid chromatography. The expression levels of p-AT8Ser202 and GSK-3β1H8 in the hippocampus were determined using immunohistochemical staining and western blot analysis. The results demonstrated that the 2,6-diisopropylphenol NMDA receptor antagonist, MK-801 and ECT induced learning and memory impairment in the depressed rats. The glutamate content was significantly upregulated by ECT, reduced by 2,6-diisopropylphenol, and was unaffected by the NMDA receptor antagonist in the hippocampus of the depressed rats. Tau protein hyperphosphorylation in the hippocampus was upregulated by ECT, but was reduced by 2,6-diisopropylphenol and the MK-801 NMDA receptor antagonist. It was also demonstrated that 2,6-diisopropylphenol prevented learning and memory impairment and reduced the hyperphosphorylation of the Tau protein, which was induced by eECT. GSK-3β was found to be the key protein involved in this signaling pathway. The ECT reduced the learning and memory impairment, caused by hyperphosphorylation of the Tau protein, in the depressed rats by upregulating the glutamate content.
Transspinal constant-current long-lasting stimulation: A new method to induce cortical and corticospinal plasticity$$$ Functional neuroplasticity in response to stimulation and motor training is a well-established phenomenon. Transcutaneous stimulation of the spine is used mostly to alleviate pain, but it may also induce functional neuroplasticity, because the spinal cord serves as an integration center for descending and ascending neuronal signals. In this work, we examined whether long-lasting noninvasive cathodal (ctsCCS) and anodal (a-tsCCS) transspinal constant-current stimulation over the thoracolumbar enlargement can induce cortical, corticospinal, and spinal neuroplasticity. Twelve healthy human subjects, blind to the stimulation protocol, were randomly assigned to 40 min of c-tsCCS or a-tsCCS. Before and after transspinal stimulation, we established the afferent-mediated motor evoked potential (MEP) facilitation and the subthreshold transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)-mediated flexor reflex facilitation. Recruitment input-output curves of MEPs and transspinal evoked potentials (TEPs) and postactivation depression of the soleus H reflex and TEPs was also established. We demonstrate that both c-tsCCS and a-tsCCS decrease the afferent-mediated MEP facilitation and alter the subthreshold TMS-mediated flexor reflex facilitation in a polarity-dependent manner. Both c-tsCCS and a-tsCCS increased the tibialis anterior MEPs recorded at 1.2 MEP resting threshold, intermediate, and maximal intensities and altered the recruitment input-output curve of TEPs in a muscle- and polarity-dependent manner. Soleus H-reflex postactivation depression was reduced after a-tsCCS and remained unaltered after c-tsCCS. No changes were found in the postactivation depression of TEPs after c-tsCCS or a-tsCCS. Our findings reveal that c-tsCCS and a-tsCCS have distinct effects on cortical and corticospinal excitability. This method can be utilized to induce targeted neuroplasticity in humans.
Ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid treatment in Huntington's disease: A placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Background: It has been suggested that treatment with ethyl-eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) may improve motor function in patients with Huntington's disease (HD) with cytosine-adenine-guanine repeat numbers of <45. Methods: This multicenter, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled 6-month trial compared the effects of ethyl-EPA versus placebo on 290 subjects with mild-to-moderate HD. The primary endpoint was the change from baseline to 6 months in the Total Motor Score 4 (TMS-4) component of the Unified Huntington's Disease Rating Scale (UHDRS). Secondary endpoints included change from baseline in UHDRS subscores and Clinical Global Impression (CGI). Results: No significant differences in TMS-4 scores were noted between treatment groups. Similarly, there were no significant differences between groups on any of the UHDRS subscores or CGI scores. Conclusion: Ethyl-EPA was not beneficial in patients with HD during 6 months of placebo-controlled evaluation.
Diagnosis, Epidemiology and Management of Mixed States in Bipolar Disorder$$$ Approximately 40 % of patients with bipolar disorder experience mixed episodes, defined as a manic state with depressive features, or manic symptoms in a patient with bipolar depression. Compared with bipolar patients without mixed features, patients with bipolar mixed states generally have more severe symptomatology, more lifetime episodes of illness, worse clinical outcomes and higher rates of comorbidities, and thus present a significant clinical challenge. Most clinical trials have investigated second-generation neuroleptic monotherapy, monotherapy with anticonvulsants or lithium, combination therapy, and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Neuroleptic drugs are often used alone or in combination with anticonvulsants or lithium for preventive treatment, and ECT is an effective treatment for mixed manic episodes in situations where medication fails or cannot be used. Common antidepressants have been shown to worsen mania symptoms during mixed episodes without necessarily improving depressive symptoms; thus, they are not recommended during mixed episodes. A greater understanding of pathophysiological processes in bipolar disorder is now required to provide a more accurate diagnosis and new personalised treatment approaches. Targeted, specific treatments developed through a greater understanding of bipolar disorder pathophysiology, capable of affecting the underlying disease processes, could well prove to be more effective, faster acting, and better tolerated than existing therapies, therefore providing better outcomes for individuals affected by bipolar disorder. Until such time as targeted agents are available, second-generation neuroleptics are emerging as the treatment of choice in the management of mixed states in bipolar disorder.
The neurobiological mechanisms and treatments of rem sleep disturbances in depression$$$ Most depressed patients suffer from sleep abnormalities, which are one of the critical symptoms of depression. They are robust risk factors for the initiation and development of depression. Studies about sleep electroencephalograms have shown characteristic changes in depression such as reductions in non-rapid eye movement sleep production, disruptions of sleep continuity and disinhibition of rapid eye movement (REM) sleep. REM sleep alterations include a decrease in REM sleep latency, an increase in REM sleep duration and REM sleep density with respect to depressive episodes. Emotional brain processing dependent on the normal sleep-wake regulation seems to be failed in depression, which also promotes the development of clinical depression. Also, REM sleep alterations have been considered as biomarkers of depression. The disturbances of norepinephrine and serotonin systems may contribute to REM sleep abnormalities in depression. Lastly, this review also discusses the effects of different antidepressants on REM sleep disturbances in depression.
Dopamine transporter availability in alcohol-dependent patients before and after deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A 123I-FP-CIT study$$$ Background and Aim. A striatal dopaminergic dysfunction is detected in alcoholics. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an addiction treatment. In alcoholics rTMS of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex increases dopamine release in the striatum, reducing craving. We assessed DAT availability in actively drinking alcoholics before and after deep rTMS by 123I-FP-CIT SPECT. Methods. We enrolled 14 untreated active alcoholics according to DSM-IV. After baseline SPECT scan, 11 patients were randomised to real rTMS (n = 5) or sham stimulation (n = 6), undergoing 12 rTMS sessions for one month; SPECT scan was repeated at the end. Before and after rTMS some scales (like Alcohol Dependence Scale and Penn Alcohol Craving Scale) were performed to evaluate dependence, craving, anxiety, depression. Alcoholics were compared with 20 healthy subjects using SPECT scan. Analysis was performed using VOIs selected from a digital atlas; VOI mean activity concentration was obtained through Marsbar toolbox and Specific Binding Ratios (SBR) were calculated in the caudate nuclei and putamina. Results. At baseline, alcoholics showed higher SBR in caudate nuclei and putamina (p < 0.05) compared to HS. An inverse correlation was found between SBR and the left caudate and anxiety levels (p < 0.05). After treatment, patients submitted to real rTMS had a reduction in SBR and no differences were detected in comparison with HS. In the same patients was detected reduction in alcohol intake (p < 0.05). Conclusion. These data show increased striatal DAT availability in alcoholics. The finding of a SBR "normalization" and reduction in alcohol intake after real rTMS suggest a clinical usefulness of deep rTMS.
TMS Over the Left Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex Modulates Frontostriatal Connectivity in Depression$$$ Objective: We tested whether repetitive transcortical magnetic stimulation (TMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depressed patients modulates frontostriatal functional connectivity (FC). Background: Corticostriatal circuits are central to the pathophysiology of depression. Bold response to rewarding stimuli is decreased in the striatum of depressives and links to changes in FC between the ventromedial prefrontal cortex (vmPFC) and multiple striatal areas. Transcortical magnetic stimulation for depression normalizes elevated FC of the vmPFC with other structures of the default mode network. We hypothesized that a course of TMS for depression would modulate FC between the vmPFC and the striatum in treatment responsive subjects. Methods: We treated 27 currently depressed, antidepressant-resistant participants with 25 daily treatments of 10-Hz TMS over a left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation site and measured symptom severity before and after TMS with the HAMD-24. Resting state fMRI during 6 minutes of wakeful rest was obtained using a 3T GE scanner within 3 days before beginning treatment and within 3 days after completing treatment. We measured FC between the head of the caudate and vmPFC. Results: Functional connectivity between the caudate and vmPFC was greater after TMS than at baseline in the left hemisphere (paired t test, P < 0.01; cluster size, 16). There was a trend level increase in FC (paired t test, P < 0.05; cluster size, 16) in subjectswith greatest improvement inHAMD-24 (by median split) but not in remaining subjects. Conclusions: These results extend the candidate mechanisms of TMS to modulation of corticostriatal projections. Transcortical magnetic stimulation may function, in part, by enhancing top-down control in corticostriatal networks.
The Impact of Anesthetic Agent on Treatment Response to Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to examine differences between ketamine and methohexital anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment response as defined by improvement of depressive symptoms. Background: Electroconvulsive therapy is a safe and effective treatment for depression, and methohexital is the criterion standard anesthetic agent used in ECT. Recently, ketamine has emerged as an alternative anesthetic agent, and recent studies of ketamine infusion for treatment of depression underscore the potential additive benefits of its use in ECT. Methods: This randomized control trial divided patients undergoing ECT to receive anesthesia with ketamine or methohexital. Treatment response was evaluated using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) at study enrollment and after each treatment up to a total of 6. With the use of a paired t test (significance level of P < 0.05), the percent change of HAMD and BDI scores from baseline to completion of 4 treatments and to all treatments (4, 5, or 6) was compared between the 2 groups. Results: The study was completed by 12 subjects (10 females, 2 males) with mean (SD) age of 42.25 (13.791). Five subjects received methohexital and seven received ketamine. No difference in HAMD was shown between subjects who received ketamine versus methohexital anesthesia after the completion of 4 treatments (P = 0.346) and all treatments (P = 0.807). No difference in BDI was shown between the 2 groups after the completion of 4 treatments (P = 0.295) and all treatments (P = 0.433). Conclusions: There is no difference in ECT treatment response of depression when comparing the use of ketamine and methohexital anesthesia.
Graph Theoretical Analysis of Peritreatment Resting EEG in Depressed Patients Receiving Electroconvulsive Therapy and Magnetic Seizure Therapy$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to use graph theory analysis to examine the effects of seizure therapy on whole-brain network connectivity. Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been reported to alter functional brain network architecture by down-regulating connectivity in frontotemporal circuits. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which induces therapeutic seizures with high-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, was introduced to improve the seizure therapy risk/benefit ratio. Unfortunately, there is limited understanding of seizure therapy's underlying mechanisms of action. In particular, the change in brain network connectivity and organization for a single treatment session is not well understood. Methods: In this 2-center, double-masked study, patients were randomized to either ultrabrief pulse right unilateral ECT or circular coil MST. Topographical resting EEG was acquired within 30 minutes before and after the second treatment in 10 patients (3 MSTs and 7 ECTs). Functional connectivity was assessed using debiased weighted phase lag index, a measure of EEG phase synchronization. Brain network organization was assessed on the basis of the following graph theory measures: betweenness centrality, clustering coefficient, network density, and characteristic path length. Results: There was a significant posttreatment reduction in EEG phase synchronization in the beta frequency band. The posttreatment beta network also showed an aberration of the small-world architecture, as characterized by higher characteristic path length and lower clustering. Conclusions: The changes in network properties could be related to the acute cognitive impairment postseizure. Graph theoretical analysis of the topological organization of functional brain networks may provide insight into the mechanisms of seizure therapies.
Examining the Role of Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Reducing Anxiety Symptoms Comorbid With Major Depressive Disorder by Using H-Coil Technology in a Naturalistic Clinical Study$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to to explore the role of dTMS in reducing anxiety symptoms comorbid with major depressive disorder (MDD) by using H-coil technology in a naturalistic clinical setting. Background: Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) is a safe and effective treatment for MDD. To date, very few clinical trial studies have explored the potential of dTMS therapy in reducing anxiety symptoms comorbid with MDD. In this current design, we present a review of dTMS in reducing anxiety symptom (AS) severity associated with MDD. Methods: Seventy-three patients (34% male) with AS associated with MDD, ages 18 to 84 years (mean, 41.6), previously failing 1 to 8 MDD medication regimens (mean, 3.3) received dTMS using H-coil technology. The AS severity was assessed using Overall Anxiety Severity and Impairment Scale scores at baseline and after every 5 consecutive treatments. Patients received an acute phase dTMStreatment (20 sessions) followed by (10 sessions)maintenance therapy. The dTMS efficacy was evaluated using repeated measure analysis of variance to contrast baseline, acute, and maintenance paradigms. Response (Q8 frombaseline) and remission (<8) were calculated. Results: A significant treatment effect (P = 0.000) on AS severity was observed in both paradigms. Postacute AS severity average scores decreased 33.7 percent (mean, 12.10 vs 7.70) with 27 patients responding and 26 remitting. In addition, postmaintenance average scores decreased an additional 11.3 percent (mean, 12.10 vs 6.67) with 39 patients responding and 39 remitting. Conclusions: These exploratory results suggest that dTMS can be used in treating AS associated with MDD preferably using a combination of both acute and maintenance dTMS treatment paradigms. However, further studies are warranted at this time.
Therapeutic Efficacy of Deep Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Reducing Major Depressive Disorder Symptom Severity in Patients With Attention-Deficit/Hyperactivity Disorder in a Naturalistic Clinical Setting Using H-Coil Technology$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to determine the role of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) in reducing major depressive disorder (MDD) symptom severity in patients with attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in a naturalistic clinical setting. Background: Patients with ADHD may also have superimposed MDD symptoms (concurrent comorbidity rate, 9.4%). Furthermore, individuals with ADHD-MDD comorbid are at an increased risk for negative social-vocational outcomes resulting in higher suicide rates. To date, only a handful of clinical trials have explored the potential of dTMS therapy in reducingMDD symptom severity in patients with ADHD. Methods: Eighth patients (62% male) with ADHD comorbid with MDD, ages 18 to 61 years (mean, 42.8), previously failing 1 to 8 MDD medication regimens (mean, 4.8) received dTMS. The MDD severity was assessed using PHQ-9 at baseline and at every 5 consecutive treatments. Patients received an acute phase dTMS treatment (20 sessions), followed by (10 sessions) maintenance treatment. The dTMS efficacy was evaluated using repeated measure analysis of variance to contrast baseline, acute, and maintenance paradigms. Response (<10 at PHQ-9 or >50% from baseline) and remission (<5) were calculated. Results: A significant treatment effect (P = 0.000) on MDD severity was observed in both paradigms. Postacute MDD severity average scores decreased 49%(mean, 18.62 vs 9.50)with 6 patients responding and 2 remitting. In addition, postmaintenance average scores decreased an additional 17% (mean, 8.62 vs 8.25) with 5 patients responding and 2 remitting. Conclusions: These exploratory results suggest that dTMS can be used in treating MDD comorbid with ADHD preferably using both acute and maintenance dTMS treatment paradigms. However, due to the small sample size, further research is warranted.
The EFFECT-Dep Trial - A randomised trial of bitemporal and high-dose unilateral ECT for depression (ISRCTN23577151)$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment for severe depression. Previous efficacy studies, using thrice-weekly brief-pulse ECT, reported that high-dose (6x seizure threshold) right unilateral (RUL) ECT is similar to standard bitemporal ECT but has less cognitive side-effects. We assessed effectiveness and cognitive side-effects of twice-weekly moderate dose (1.5x seizure threshold) bitemporal ECT compared with high-dose RUL ECT. Methods: We conducted a pragmatic, patient- and raterblinded, non-inferiority trial of 138 patients with major depression (DSM-IV) in a national ECT service. Participants were remotely randomised online to bitemporal or high-dose RUL ECT with sixmonth follow-up. Primary outcome was change in 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24) after the ECT course; pre-specified non-inferiority margin was 4.0 points. Secondary outcomes included cognition. Analyses were by intention-to-treat. Results: We randomised 69 patients to bitemporal ECT and 69 to RUL ECT. High-dose RUL ECT was non-inferior to bitemporal ECT with respect to the HDRS-24 at end of ECT course (mean difference 1.2 points in favour of RUL ECT [95% CI, -1.510 to 3.995]). There was no significant difference for six-month relapse status. Recovery of orientation was quicker following RUL ECT (median 19.1 vs 26.4 mins, p<0.001). RUL ECT was associated with better % recall of autobiographical information (OR = 0.66, p = 0.001) that persisted for six-months. Conclusion: Twice-weekly high-dose RUL ECT is not inferior to bitemporal ECT for depression, and may be more acceptable to patients because of its better cognitive side-effect profile.
Efficacy and cognitive side effects of ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (NTR1304)$$$ Background: Although the delicate balance between efficacy and side-effects of ultrabrief unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (UB RUL ECT) are not yet fully detailed, a substantial number of clinicians and clinics have made the transition toward the use of UB ECT. Methods: We have compared the efficacy and cognitive side effects of high-dose brief and ultrabrief pulse RUL ECT in the treatment of major depression, in a prospective, double-blind, randomized multicenter trial [1]. Depression severity was assessed with the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale; primary efficacy outcomes were response (decrease score of at least 60% from baseline) and remission (score below 10 at 2 consecutive weekly assessments). Total scores on the Autobiographical Memory Interview and Amsterdam Media Questionnaire were the primary outcome measures for retrograde amnesia. Other cognitive domains included category fluency (semantic memory) and letter fluency (lexical memory). Results: Of the 116 patients, 75% (n = 87) completed the study. Among completers, 68.4% (26/58) of those in the brief pulse group achieved remission versus 49.0% (24/49) of those in the ultrabrief pulse group (P = 0.019), and the brief pulse group needed fewer treatment sessions to achieve remission: mean (SD) of 7.1 (2.6) versus 9.2 (2.3) sessions (P = 0.008). No significant group differences were found in the evaluation of the cognitive assessments. Conclusions: Efficacy of brief pulse RUL ECT was superior to that seen with UB RUL ECT. We could not detect significant differences in cognitive side effects.
Cognitive-behavioural therapy as continuation treatment to sustain response after electroconvulsive therapy in depression (NCT00437385)$$$ Introduction: Sustained response rates after successful antidepressant treatment with electroconvulsive therapy are rather low [1]. Before this background, it has never been systematically assessed whether psychotherapy, continuation ECT, or antidepressant medication is the most efficacious intervention to maintain initial treatment response. Methods: We performed a prospective, randomized clinical trial with 90 inpatients with major depressive disorder (MDD), that were treated with right unilateral ultra-brief acute electroconvulsive therapy. Responders received six months guideline-based antidepressant medication (MED) and were randomly assigned to add-on therapy with cognitive-behavioral group therapy (CBTarm), add-on therapy with ultra-brief pulse continuation electroconvulsive therapy (ECT-arm), or no add-on therapy (MEDarm). After the 6 months of continuation treatment, patients were followed-up for another 6 months. Primary outcome parameter was the proportion of patients who remained well after 12 months. Results: After acute treatment 70% responded and 47% remitted. After 6 months of continuation treatment, significant differences were observed in the three treatment arms with sustained response rates of 77% in the CBT-arm, 40% in the ECT-arm, and 44% in the MED-arm. After 12 months, these differences remained stable with sustained response rates of 65% in the CBTarm, 28% in the ECT-arm, and 33% in the MED-arm. Conclusions: These results suggest that ultra-brief pulse ECT as a continuation treatment correlates with low sustained response rates. However, the main finding implicates cognitive-behavioral group therapy in combination with antidepressants might be an effective continuation treatment to sustain response after successful ECT in MDD patients.
Prolonging remission in depressed elderly (PRIDE$$$ NCT01028508); Among refinements to ECT technique are right unilateral (RUL) electrode placement and ultrabrief pulse (UBP) stimuli. Both refinements aim to reduce cognitive effects; however, there are insufficient data to confirm that, used together, they adequately preserve antidepressant efficacy. PRIDE was a clinical trial in which unipolar depressed patients, >60 years old, were given an acute course of RUL UBP ECT augmented with venlafaxine (Phase I). Remitters were randomized to one of two continuation treatment groups for six months: 1) venlafaxine plus lithium or 2) venlafaxine plus lithium plus a flexible schedule of additional continuation ECT (Phase II). Depression severity was assessed with the HRSD24. Neurocognitive functioning was tested at baseline and throughout the study by a comprehensive battery. We present antidepressant efficacy data on ∼240 patients entered into PRIDE. 62% of patients remitted (HRSD24 ≤ 10 on two consecutive measurements), 10% were non-remitters (failed to reach remission criteria after ≥12 ECT), and 28% were dropouts (failed to meet remission criteria and received <12 ECT). The mean baseline and end HRSD24 scores were 31 and 12, respectively. The reduction in HRSD24 scores from baseline to end was statistically significant (95% CI mean HRSD24 change: 17.7- 20.5; p<0.001). Among those who remitted, the mean number of ECT was ∼7 [1]. These data add to the growing body of literature demonstrating satisfactory antidepressant efficacy of RUL UBP ECT. Subsequent data from Phase I of PRIDE will also inform the field regarding the cognitive effects of RUL UBP ECT in depressed geriatric patients.
The effect of bilateral high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition in schizophrenia: A pilot study$$$ Objective: Schizophrenia is a debilitating, chronic psychiatric disease that affects approximately 1% of the population [1]. Cognitive deficits is central in schizophrenia and is among the strongest predictors of functionality. Although numerous antipsychotic medications are effective in treating positive symptoms, they do not have beneficial effects on cognition. Recently, repetitive trancranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been proven as a practical and secure treatment modality that may have some positive effects on cognitive functions, such as working memory, in schizophrenia [1,2]. However, it is not clear whether rTMS has a similar effect on more complex cognitive functions such as strategic planning, organization, utilizing environmental feedback to shift cognitive sets, directing behavior toward achieving a goal, and modulating impulsive responding which are known as frontal lobe functions or executive functions, and can clinically be assessed byWisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) at schizophrenia patients who are known as having poorer performance than normal population [3]. The objective of this study is to explore the effect of bilateral high frequency rTMS on executive functions of schizophrenia patients. Method: In a 4-week randomized double-blind sham-controlled study design, 19 medicated schizophrenia patients from Sişli Hamidiye Etfal Training and Research Hospital were recruited between January and July 2014. Subjects with schizophrenia aged between 18 and 65 were included in the study if they had a Calgary Depression Scale (CDS) score of 11 or less, Standardized Mini- Mental State Examination (SMMSE) score of 24 or more and had Extrapyramidal Symptom Rating Scale score of 2 or less for each item. They were assessed by Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) and Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS) before the treatment. After randomization of the patients as active or sham rTMS group, they performed WCST before and after rTMS targeted bilaterally sequentially to left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) 1000 pulses/side at 20 Hz for 20 treatments. Results: There were no significant difference between schizophrenia groups in respect to sociodemographic and clinical status, and mean scores of CDS, SMMSE, PANSS and SANS (p >0.05). No significant difference between the groups in respect to each post-treatment WCST mean score was observed. Besides, there was a slight but not significant improvement in pre- and post-treatment WCST mean score changes, except number of categories completed which had been worse by the treament in both groups (p>0.05). Conclusion: This study suggests that bilateral high frequency rTMS may not have a positive effect on WCST performance of schizophrenia patients. Of one rationale may be that because WCST measures multiple complex cognitive functions and so, beside DLPFC, many cortical and subcortical regions must be activated during the test porformance [4]. This suggests that, simply activating DLPFC region may not be adequate in order to improve the test performance in schizophrenia patients [5] and furthermore, different rTMS application procedures may be investigated, as well. However, this data must be replicated by studies with larger populations.
Fronto-insular network and prefrontal GABA levels following targeted transcranial theta-burst magnetic stimulation$$$ Background and Aims: Recent neuroimaging studies have identified the insula as a key brain region in the pathophysiology of depression and may be a crucial target for the treatment of depression [1]. The modulation of insular networks may have widespread effects on the connectivity of other disrupted networks, and ultimately reduce symptom burden in depression. In addition, patients with depression have also shown to have altered neurochemistry (e.g. glutamate and GABA) [2]. Neurostimulation approaches have demonstrated that modulation of both cortical connectivity [3] and neurochemistry [4] is possible, though the precise nature of these effects is uncertain. Using a connectivitybased approach, we sought proof of concept for the neuromodulation of the insula through transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and how these effects may be related to GABA changes in the frontal cortex. Our aim was to develop a connectivityinformed neuromodulation approach for TMS to reduce depressive symptom burden. To this end, we report a proof of concept study in healthy controls. Methods: In a sample of 27 healthy controls, we investigated the effects of intermittent theta-burst TMS (iTBS) on frontoinsular effective connectivity using resting-state functional MRI and Granger causal analysis (GCA). We also measured GABA levels in a voxel placed in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Images were acquired on a GE 3T MR750 scanner and preprocessed using standard procedures. For each subject, GCA was seeded from the right anterior insula (rAI) to locate the highest peak intensity within the left DLPFC, which was used as the neuronavigation target location for iTBS. We also ran an inverse GCA from each individual's DLPFC target region to the rAI to form a reciprocal fronto-insula network. The Granger coefficients were extracted from 6mm spherical regions of interest from both rAI and DLPFC target regions and compared between placebo and real iTBS. GABA (relative to creatine) levels were also compared between placebo and real iTBS and correlated with changes in Granger coefficients. Results: Results showed significant dampening of the putative negative influence of the DLPFC on the rAI following iTBS (p = 0.043). Levels of GABA were also significantly reduced following iTBS (p = 0.041). Furthermore, absolute changes in frontoinsular connectivity induced by iTBS were significantly correlated with absolute changes in GABA (p = 0.002). This suggests that iTBS has a direct effect on the effective connectivity between the DLPFC and rAI via an inhibitory mechanism on the influence of the DLPFC on the rAI, and this functional change may be mediated by changes in GABA levels in frontal regions. Conclusions: Our results demonstrate that the application of a single session of targeted iTBS on the frontal cortex can modulate the effective connectivity of the rAI, a key target region in depression, and additionally produce changes in frontal GABA levels. Moreover, we showed that these changes were inter-related, suggesting that changes in both the fronto-insular circuitry and neurochemistry may underlie the therapeutic effects of iTBS. These findings raise the possibility of targeted Brain Network Modulation to optimise the outcomes of TMS treatment in patients with depression.
A randomised double blind controlled trial of neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in anorexia nervosa$$$ Background: Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a serious disorder with a high mortality rate. It is associated with self-regulation difficulties such as negative emotionality surrounding eating and a morbid fear of fatness, leading to extreme food restriction and low body weight. In adults with AN, psychotherapies have poor remission rates and there is a lack of evidence and acceptability of pharmacotherapy. Therefore, there is a need to develop new treatments. Neural based models propose that an over-representation of 'bottom-up' limbic drives, in conjunction with excessive 'topdown' cognitive control contribute to the aetiopathogenesis of AN [1]. The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a core component of this altered fronto-striatal circuitry and modulation of the DLPFC with repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), a form of non-invasive neuromodulation, has demonstrated therapeutic efficacy in other neuro-circuit based disorders (e.g. depression). Preliminary results suggest that rTMS to the DLPFC improves symptoms in AN [2,3]. Moreover, there is a need to identify biomarkers of response to neuromodulation [4]. Two potential mechanisms are that rTMS alters self-control in AN and/or modulates activity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis. Therefore, we have conducted a randomised controlled trial (RCT) in order to investigate (a) whether high-frequency rTMS to the left DLPFC transiently reduces core symptoms of AN, (b) potential biomarkers of its effects (via intertemporal choice behaviour and salivary cortisol concentrations), and (c) the safety, tolerability and acceptability of rTMS in AN. Methods: Sixty individuals with AN were randomly assigned to receive one session of real or sham neuronavigated, highfrequency rTMS to the left DLPFC, using a double-blind design. The primary outcome was a core AN symptom variable derived from combining subjective AN-related experiences (urge to restrict, levels of feeling full and feeling fat). The effects of rTMS on other symptoms (e.g. mood, anxiety), intertemporal decision making (i.e. the preference for smaller, immediate or larger, delayed rewards) via a temporal discounting (TD) task and salivary cortisol concentrations were assessed. Cardiac safety, tolerability and acceptability of rTMS were also examined. Results: Mixed ANOVA analysis on data from 49 individuals indicated that following real rTMS, there was a statistical trend (p = 0.056) towards reduced AN symptoms. These symptom improvements were not accompanied by improvements in mood. In regards to TD behaviour, real rTMS significantly increased preferences for larger, delayed rewards, whilst sham rTMS did not alter TD. Salivary cortisol concentrations remained unchanged by rTMS, which was safe and well tolerated. Conclusions: High-frequency rTMS to the left DLPFC has potential in temporarily reducing the core symptoms of AN. Since TD was altered following the rTMS, modulation of the neural correlates of self-control may contribute to the therapeutic effects of rTMS within this patient population. Importantly, rTMS was safe, tolerable and regarded as an acceptable form of treatment in AN.
A retrospective open-label study to compare antidepressant efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using two different devices$$$ Purpose: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common chronic disorder, and partial or non-response to first-line treatment options is a significant problem in MDD patients [1]. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied at 10-20 Hz to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in medication-resistant MDD [2], and antidepressant effects have also been demonstrated for 1 Hz stimulation of the right DLPFC [3]. FDA approval was granted initially to the NeuroStar TMS Therapy® system, that uses a ferromagnetic-core figure-8 coil [2], and more recently to the Brainsway Deep TMS system [4]. However, alternate systems and coils are frequently used for treatment of depression either off-label or in countries other than the United States. We have used one such system, specifically the Magstim Rapid2 stimulator with a 70mm figure-8 coil, for treatment of medication-resistant depressive episodes. While this system and coil is thought to induce an electrical field that is very similar to that produced by the NeuroStar system [5], there is scarce evidence supporting clinical equivalence between the two systems. Methods: Given our extensive clinical experience with both of these systems, we performed a restrospective study to compare antidepressant efficacy between patients treated either with Magstim or NeuroStar. Approval for this study was granted by our local Institutional Review Board. Patients were treated with 20 Hz stimulation of the left DLPFC or 1 Hz stimulation of the right DLPFC, from January 2004 to July 2013. Treatment was performed daily on weekdays for up to 6 weeks, and intensity was set for each patient at 110% of resting motor threshold. Results: In our clinical database we identified 113 patients treated with Magstim and 41 with NeuroStar. Choice of treatment system depended on treatment date (since NeuroStar was available only after 2009) and patient preference. Patients in the two groups did not differ regarding age or baseline depression severity (17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression - HAM-D, and Beck Depression Inventory-II - BDI-II; t-tests, p>0.1), or regarding gender, refractoriness, co-morbid diagnoses (bipolar, anxiety or personality disorder) and psychopharmacological treatment (antidepressants, anticonvulsants, benzodiazepines, antipsychotics and lithium; Fisher-exact tests, p>0.05). In Magstim and NeuroStar-treated patients, post-treatment reduction of depression severity did not differ when measured using both BDIII (mean±standard error of the mean respectively 43.4±3.3%, n = 108 and 37.1±5.9%, n = 38; t-test, p>0.3) and HAM-D (respectively 44.6±3.9%, n = 49 and 54.3±8%, n = 14; t-test, p>0.2). The proportion of responders (i.e., patients with 50% or greater reduction of depression severity scores) was also similar in both treatment groups (BDI: 47.2% vs. 44.7%; HAM-D: 44.9% vs. 54.1%; Chi-squared tests, p>0.4). Similarly, when restricting analyses to patients receiving only left-side rTMS (n = 128) or to those treated since 2009 (n = 83), no differences were found between antidepressant outcomes for Magstim and NeuroStar (ttests, p>0.3; Chi-squared tests, p>0.2). Conclusions: While interpretation of these data requires caution, in particular given that patients were not randomized between treatment systems, these findings are suggestive of equivalent efficacy between Magstim and NeuroStar systems, which should be confirmed in randomized trials.
Intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for the treatment of persistent negative symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Introduction: Negative symptoms contribute to a reduced quality of life, increased functional disability, increased burden of illness, and poorer long-term outcomes, to a greater degree than positive symptoms. Negative symptoms respond less well to medications than positive symptoms, and to date pharmacological treatment options for negative symptoms have been limited [1]. High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has been shown effective for reducing persistant negative symptoms of schizophrenia [2]. Intermittent theta burst stimulation, a new paradigm of rTMS, allows more sustained facilitation effect by the repetition of high frequency (50 Hz) bursts [3]. Aims: The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of intermittent theta burst stimulation applied on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on reduction of persistant negative symptoms in schizophrenia. Methods: 22 adult schizophrenia patients with persistent negative symptoms despite two antipsychotic medications trials (negative PANSS (positive and negative syndrome scale) subscale 20) without severe positive symptoms (PANSS positive subscore >20) or depressive symptoms (Calgary Depression Scale >8) were randomly assigned to receive daily intermitent theta burst stimulation at 80% motor threshold, or sham TMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The stimulation was delivered 6 cm anterior to the motor cortex during 20 sessions of 990 pulses on 10 consecutive working days. Both patients and symptoms rater were unaware of the treatment condition. Patients were maintained on stable dose regimen throughout the study period. Clinical assessments were conducted at baseline, after the 20 sessions of TMS, and at months 1, 3 and 6 after TMS. The primary outcome measure was the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS). Results: The effect of active intermittent theta burst stimulation on the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms score was significally superior to the effect of sham treatment. At the end of follow up (+ 6 months), negative symptoms intensity was decreased of 29.4% in the active group versus -6.9% in the sham group. The treatment was well tolerated by all patients. A similar effect was observed on the PANSS negative score based on a five dimensions model [4] with a drop of of respectively 26.4% and 10.9% in the active TMS group and the control group. Calgary depression scale score did not demonstrate any significant change. No serious adverse events were reported. Conclusions: Intermittent theta burst stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may be considered as a useful and relatively non-invasive treatment for persistent negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Larger study are needed to compare its efficiency with hight frequency TMS in the treatment of persistent negative symptoms of schizophrenia.
Analysis of the rat hippocampal microRNA expression profile following chronic electroconvulsive stimulation$$$ Purpose of study: MicroRNAs (miRNAs), a class of endogenous small RNA species, may contribute to the development of complex brain disorders, such as depression [1], and their treatment [2]. MiRNAs control about half of all protein-coding genes in mammals and are found in abundance in the brain where they play a role in a variety of functions such as neurogenesis, cell specification, apoptosis and synaptic plasticity.We have previously reported that chronic treatment with electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS), the animal model equivalent of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), alters the expression of miRNAs associated with the neurotrophin brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) in rat brain and blood [3]. To gain further understanding of the effects of chronic ECS on miRNAs in rat hippocampus the hypothesis neutral approach of next-generation deep sequencing is used here. Methods: Male Sprague-Dawley rats (n = 8 per group) were randomised to receive either “sham” or “real” ECS. ECS (100pulses/s; 0.5 ms; 0.7 s; 75 mA) was administered daily for 10 days. Total RNA was extracted from hippocampal tissue and samples were run on a SOLiDTM sequencing platform (Life Technologies). The accuracy of each base-call from the SOLiD sequencer was verified and enhanced using Applied Biosystems's proprietary SOLiD Accuracy Enhancement Tool (SAET) software. Read-mapping was performed using SHRiMP, an alignment program that natively supports the Applied Biosystems colorspace format. Reads were filtered to remove adapter sequences, mitochondrial DNA and unwanted RNA species. Filtered reads were then mapped to a database of miRNA sequences derived from ENSEMBL. The number of reads mapping to individual transcripts was calculated by HTSeq, and differential expression analysis between groups of samples was performed by its companion program, DESeq2. Confirmation studies were carried out using individual stem-loop primers and quantitative real-time polymerase chain reaction (qRT-PCR). mRNA targets were identified using miRWalk and pathway analysis was carried out using DAVID. Results: The SOLiD sequencing platform generated several gigabases of high-quality DNA sequence across all samples. Results generated using the Bioconductor library DESeq showed that nine miRNAs were significantly differentially expressed (p<0.001) in the hippocampus following ECS after correcting for multiple comparisons. These include six known mature miRNA species, one of which we previously reported to be altered following ECS [3], and three novel 'predicted' miRNAs. Preliminary findings from confirmation studies using qRT-PCR have so far identified changes in three out of the six mature miRNAs. Preliminary miRWalk and DAVID analyses predict that these miRNAs target mRNA species involved in inflammatory, glutamatergic, neurotrophic and intracellular signalling pathways, cytoskeletal regulation, axon guidance and long-term potentiation. Conclusion: Overall, alterations in miRNA expression may be informative about the mechanism of action of ECS/ECT and in turn may give insight into the neurobiology of depression. MiRNAs have already shown tremendous promise in treating other diseases such as Hepatitis C [4]. Thus, a better understanding of the role of miRNAs in depression and its treatments may also lead to novel therapeutic targets.
Sustained effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in moderate to severe depression$$$ Objective: We have assessed whether the effect of real rTMS when added to sertraline sustains towards 3 months or not. Method: This is a randomized sham controlled double blind study. 44 participants with moderate-to-severe major depression were included to the therapy phase. In this phase 22 subject was treated with rTMS+ Sertraline 50 mg/day named as study group; and 22 subjects was treated with sham rTMS+ Sertraline 50 mg/day named as control group. Patients were evaluated with HAM-D and MADRAS for response or remission at the last day of treatment, and also after one, two and three months after therapy phase respectively. After the therapy phase, to reach remission for non-remitters, dose adjustment for sertraline was allowed for each group. Dose adjustment for sertraline was planned for every four weeks. Results: At baseline, there were no difference between the groups in terms of sociodemografic variables and depression severity or duration of illness. At the end of the therapy phase which is consisted of real or sham transcranial magnetic stimulation application over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex since 4 weeks with 2000 stimulus per day, study group was significantly superior to the control group in terms of response and remission both in MADRAS and HAM-D. Altough there is a slight superiority favour the study group, this significant superiority did not continue towards first or second or third months neither for response nor for remission. Of note, sertraline dose at the first and the second month was significantly higher in the control group. Adverse events were not statistically different in control and study groups and the most common one was headache for each. The main results of the study have been summarized in Table 1. (Table presented) Conclusion: In this study we have found that rTMS when added on sertraline is an effective method in moderate-to-severe depression patients to reach remission as accordance with literature [1,2] and it decreases the need for antidepressants; but its effect on remission or response does not sustain for a month or more than a month. This result is somehow arguable because of the flexible dosing of sertraline. There are few long-terms studies which shows rTMS is not effective since a couple of weeks after therapy3. Further research is needed to explore long term effects of rTMS in major depression.
rTMS for the treatment of negative symptoms in residual schizophrenia$$$ Objective: Meta-analyses based on small proof-of-principle trials suggest efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of negative symptoms. Our study evaluated the efficacy of 10-Hz rTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the Treatment of schizophrenia patients with predominant negative symptoms. Methods: A multicenter randomized, sham-controlled, rater-blinded and patient-blinded trial was conducted from 2007-2011. Investigators randomly assigned 175 patients with schizophrenia with predominant negative symptoms and a high-degree of illness severity into two treatment groups. After a 2-week pretreatment phase, 76 patients were treated with 10-Hz rTMS applied 5 days per week for 3 weeks to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (added to the ongoing treatment), and 81 patients were subjected to sham rTMS applied similarly. Results: There was no statistically significant difference in improvement in negative symptoms between the two groups at day 21 (p = 0.53, effect size = 0.09) or subsequently through day 105. Also, symptoms of depression and cognitive function showed no differences in change between groups. There was a small, but statistically significant, improvement in positive symptoms in the active rTMS group (p = 0.047, effect size = 0.30), limited to day 21. Conclusion: Application of active 10-Hz rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex was well tolerated but was not superior compared with sham rTMS in improving negative symptoms; this is in contrast to findings from three meta-analyses.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for schizophrenia$$$ Background: People with schizophrenia often experience symptoms which fail to fully respond to antipsychotic medication. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been proposed as a new treatment for people with schizophrenia, especially those who experience persistent auditory hallucinations. Objectives: To estimate the effects of TMS alone, compared with sham TMS or with 'standard management' and any other comparison interventions in reducing psychotic symptoms associated with schizophrenia. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Schizophrenia Group Trials Register (June 2006, June 2008, April 2013). This register is compiled by methodical searches of MEDLINE, EMBASE, BIOSIS, CINAHL, Dissertation abstracts, LILACS, PSYNDEX, PsycINFO, RUSSMED, and Sociofile, and is supplemented with handsearching of relevant journals and numerous conference proceedings. Selection criteria: We included all randomised controlled trials recruiting at least five participants and comparing TMS with sham TMS or any other treatment for people with schizophrenia. Data collection and analysis: We extracted data independently. For dichotomous data we calculated relative risks (RRs) and their 95% confidence intervals (CIs). For continuous data, we calculated mean differences (MD) and 95% CI. We used a fixed-effect model. We assessed overall quality of the evidence using the GRADE approach. Main results: We included 41 studies with 1473 participants in the review. We found significant differences in favour of temporoparietal TMS compared to sham TMS for global state measured on the CGI scale (7 RCTs, n = 224, MD -0.5, 95% CI -0.76 to -0.23, very low-quality evidence) and positive symptoms measured on the PANSS scale (5 RCTs, n = 127, MD -6.09, 95% CI -10.95 to -1.22, very low-quality evidence). Participants experienced significantly more headaches in the temporoparietal TMS group (10 RCTs, n = 392, RR 2.65, 95% CI 1.56 to 4.50, very low-quality evidence). However, no more participants left the study early from the TMS group than from the sham group (very low-quality evidence). Cognitive state was assessed using 39 different measures, and all were equivocal (very low-quality evidence). We included only two trials which compared temporoparietal TMS with standard treatment. In both trials the participants received first- and second-generation antipsychotic medication in both treatment groups, therefore TMS was used an adjunctive therapy to medication. We found no significant differences in the number of participants that showed clinical improvement in global state (1 RCT, n = 100, RR 1.19, 95% CI 0.91 to 1.57) or left the study early (2 RCTs, n = 140, RR 0.33, 95% CI 0.08 to 1.46) (both very low-quality evidence). No studies reported on global state score, mental state, cognitive state and adverse effects. For prefrontal TMS compared to sham TMS, global state was measured on three different scales, all of which presented equivocal results (very low quality evidence). We could not pool data for mental state on the PANSS scale due to high heterogeneity. Cognitive state was assessed using 19 different measures, with 15/19 being equivocal (very low-quality evidence). Prefrontal TMS caused more headaches (6 RCTs, n = 164, RR 2.77, 95% CI 1.22 to 6.26, very low-quality evidence) but there was no difference in the number of participants leaving the study early (very low-quality evidence). No studies reported data for clinical improvement. We found a significant difference in favour of prefrontal theta burst stimulation TMS compared to sham TMS for mental state on the PANNS scale (3 RCTs, n = 108, MD -5.71, 95% CI -9.32 to -2.10, very low evidence). We found no difference for clinical improvement, cognitive state, number of headaches, and leaving the study early (very low-quality evidence). None of the included studies reported satisfaction with care. Authors' conclusions: Based on this review, there is insufficient evidence to support or refute the use of TMS to treat symptoms of schizophrenia. Although some evidence suggests that TMS, and in particular temporoparietal TMS, may improve certain symptoms (such as auditory hallucinations and positive symptoms of schizophrenia) compared to sham TMS, the results were not robust enough to be unequivocal across the assessment measures used. There was insufficient evidence to suggest any added benefit with TMS used as an adjunctive therapy to antipsychotic medication. The overall quality of evidence was graded as very low due to risk of bias, and this was accompanied by an imprecision in estimates due to the relatively small number of participants in the studies. Thus, consideration is required in improving the quality of trial processes, as well as the quality of reporting of ongoing and future TMS trials, so as to facilitate accurate future judgements in assessing risk of bias. Differences in TMS techniques in relation to stimulation intensity, stimulation length, brain areas stimulated and variations in the design of sham TMS all contributed to the heterogeneity of study findings and limited the interpretation and applicability of the results. In addition, the trials assessed their outcomes with a variety of scales, and usable data were limited. Therefore, to better evaluate the treatment effects of TMS in people with schizophrenia, we favour the use of standardised treatment protocols and outcome measures.
Plasma levels of soluble TNF receptors 1 and 2 after tDCS and sertraline treatment in major depression: Results from the SELECT-TDCS trial$$$ Background The cytokine hypothesis of depression postulates that the pathophysiology of this illness incorporates an increased production of pro-inflammatory cytokines, which leads to an over-activation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis as well as monoaminergic disturbances. Nevertheless, it remains unclear whether the amelioration of depressive symptoms could decrease cytokine levels. Notwithstanding antidepressant drug therapy might exert anti-inflammatory effects, the effects of non-invasive neuromodulatory approaches like transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on pro-inflammatory cytokine networks are largely unknown. Methods We evaluated, in the Sertraline vs. Electric Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study (SELECT-TDCS) trial, whether the plasma levels of the soluble TNF receptors 1 and 2 (sTNFRs) changed after antidepressant treatment in a sample of 73 antidepressant-free patients with unipolar depressive disorder in an episode of at least moderate intensity. Results Although both tDCS and sertraline exerted antidepressant effects, the plasma levels of sTNFRs did not change over time regardless of the intervention and clinical response. Also, baseline sTNFRs levels did not predict antidepressant response. Limitations Our negative findings could be a type II error, as this trial did not use an equivalence design. Conclusions To conclude, in this novel placebo-controlled trial prospectively evaluating the changes of sTNFRs in depressed patients, we found that these molecules are not surrogate biomarkers of treatment response of tDCS, whose antidepressant effects occurred regardless of normalization of immunological activity.
Brain network properties in depressed patients receiving seizure therapy: A graph theoretical analysis of peri-treatment resting EEG$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), the most efficacious antidepressant therapy for treatment-resistant depression, has been reported to alter functional brain network architecture by down-regulating connectivity in frontotemporal circuitry. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which induces therapeutic seizures with high dose repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, has been introduced to improve the seizure therapy risk/benefit ratio. Unfortunately, there is limited understanding of seizure therapy's underlying mechanisms of action. In this study, we apply graph theory-based connectivity analysis to peri-treatment, resting-state, topographical electroencephalography (EEG) in patients with depression receiving seizure therapy. Functional connectivity was assessed using the de-biased weighted phase lag index, a measure of EEG phase synchronization. Brain network structure was quantified using graph theory metrics, including betweenness centrality, clustering coefficient, network density, and characteristic path length. We found a significant reduction in the phase synchronization and aberration of the small-world architecture in the beta frequency band, which could be related to acute clinical and cognitive effects of seizure therapy.
rTMS induced oscillatory power as neuroplastic marker in chronic tinnitus$$$ Background: Chronic tinnitus is associated with neuroplastic changes such as changes in spontaneous activity along the auditory pathway, tonotopic reorganization of the auditory cortex, increased activity and connectivity in specific cortical networks. Ten years ago, daily repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of auditory and prefrontal cortex was introduced as potential treatment. Here, we investigated the effect of sham-controlled single rTMS sessions on oscillatory power as elicited with electroencephalography (EEG) to probe the capacity of rTMS to interfere with tinnitus-specific cortical activity. Methods: We measured 20 patients with bilateral chronic tinnitus and 20 healthy controls which were comparable for age, sex, handedness, hearing level with a 63-channel EEG system wearing earplugs. Educational level, intelligence, depressivity, hyperacusis were controlled by analysis of covariance. Left and right temporal and left and right prefrontal cortex was stimulated with 200 pulses at 1 Hz and with an intensity of 60% stimulator output. Stimulation of central parietal cortex with lower intensity (6-fold reduced intensity, not targeting the cortex) served as sham condition. Before and after each session five minutes of resting state EEG were sampled. Stimulation sessions were randomized over two sessions with one week interval in between. Results: Sensor-based analyses showed that left temporal stimulation induced shamcontrolled, baseline-corrected (post minus pre measurement) tinnitus-related decreases in frontal theta and delta power and increases in frontal beta2 power. Right frontal stimulation showed decreases in the oscillatory power of the right temporal beta3 and gamma band. Discussion: Short sessions of low-frequency rTMS were capable to show neuroplastic effects specific for stimulation site and frequency band at specific recording sites. Mechanism of action might be based on long-range connectivity. These findings show the feasibility of combined TMS-EEG to probe neuroplastic alterations specific for tinnitus.
Suppression of LTP-like associative plasticity in the human SMA-M1 network by simultaneous tDCS$$$ Introduction: Excitability and connectivity in the human motor network comprising the supplementary motor area (SMA) and primary motor cortex (M1) are important for voluntary movement generation and rehabilitation of lost motor function after stroke. Previously, we demonstrated that paired associative stimulation of SMA and M1 (SMA-M1-PAS) by dual coil transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) may induce LTP-like plasticity in this network (Arai et al., 2011. J Neurosci 31:15376-83). Here, we tested the influence of simultaneous modulation of general network excitability by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on associative SMA-M1 plasticity. Methods: 12 healthy right-handed male subjects took part in this pseudo-randomized, single-blinded, crossover study. Subjects received two blocks (spaced by 5 min) of 50 pairs of neuronavigated SMA-before-M1 PAS at an interstimulus interval of 6 ms and intertrial interval of 5 s. Simultaneously we applied anodal, cathodal, or sham tDCS over the left M1 in three different sessions, at least 1 week apart. Associative SMA-M1 plasticity was quantified by changes in (i) motor-evoked potentials (MEP) in the right first dorsal interosseus muscle, and (ii) SMA-to-M1 connectivity (ratio of SMA-conditioned/unconditioned MEPs), at baseline versus for up to two hours after the intervention. Results: SMA-M1-PAS resulted in an expected LTP-like MEP amplitude increase in 9 of 12 subjects in the sham tDCS condition. In 7 of these 9 SMA-M1-PAS responders, the LTP-like MEP amplitude increase was suppressed or even turned into depression both in the anodal and cathodal tDCS condition. In contrast, in all three non-responders anodal and cathodal tDCS led to less MEP suppression or even turned it into facilitation. Likewise, in 7 (anodal tDCS) and 6 (cathodal tDCS) of the 8 subjects who showed a facilitation of SMA-to-M1 connectivity in the sham tDCS condition this connectivity was reduced in the anodal and cathodal tDCS conditions, whereas it was less reduced or even facilitated in 2 (anodal tDCS) and all (cathodal tDCS) of the 4 subjects showing a reduction of SMA-to-M1 connectivity in the sham condition. Conclusion: Our results demonstrate a reversing interaction between general network excitability modulation by tDCS and associative plasticity in the human SMA-M1 network, independent of the polarity of tDCS.
Combining tDCS and Working Memory Training to Down Regulate State Rumination: A Single-Session Double Blind Sham-Controlled Trial$$$ Rumination has been associated with reduced working memory and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex activity. This study explored whether single session anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and/or working memory training can transiently ameliorate working memory and down regulate state rumination. Sixty-six participants were randomly allocated to three conditions: (1) control training + tDCS, (2) working memory training + sham tDCS and (3) working memory training + tDCS. Before and after manipulation participants performed working memory tasks and state rumination was measured with self-report and heart rate variability. Participants who received real tDCS were significantly faster in switching between information in working memory than participants who received sham tDCS. No effects on self-reported state rumination were found. However, both groups receiving working memory training showed a higher increase in heart rate variability than the control training group, indicating more adaptive self-regulation.
Neuromodulation Therapies for Geriatric Depression$$$ Depression is frequent in old age and its prognosis is poorer than in younger populations. The use of pharmacological treatments in geriatric depression is limited by specific pharmacodynamic age-related factors that can diminish tolerability and increase the risk of drug interactions. The possibility of modulating cerebral activity using brain stimulation techniques could result in treating geriatric depression more effectively while reducing systemic side effects and medication interactions. This may subsequently improve treatment adherence and overall prognosis in the older patient. Among clinically available neuromodulatory techniques, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the gold standard for the treatment of severe depression in the elderly. Studies have proven that ECT is more effective and has a faster onset of action than antidepressants in the treatment of severe, unipolar, geriatric depression and that older age is a predictor of rapid ECT response and remission. The application of novel and more tolerable forms of ECT for geriatric depression is currently being examined. Preliminary results suggest that right unilateral ultrabrief ECT (RUL-UB ECT) is a promising intervention, with similar efficacy to brief-pulse ECT and fewer adverse cognitive effects. Overall findings in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) suggest that it is a safe intervention in geriatric depression. Higher rTMS stimulation intensity and more treatments may need to be given in the elderly to achieve optimal results. There is no specific data on vagus nerve stimulation in the elderly. Transcranial direct current stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy and deep brain stimulation are currently experimental, and more data from geriatric samples is needed.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of depression in Parkinson disease: a meta-analysis of randomized controlled clinical trials$$$ The objective of this meta-analysis was to evaluate the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of depression in patients with Parkinson disease in order to arrive at qualitative and quantitative conclusions about the efficacy of rTMS. We included randomized controlled trials examining the effects of rTMS compared with sham-rTMS or selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs). The quality of included studies was strictly evaluated. Data analyses were performed using the RevMan5.1 software. Eight studies including 312 patients met all inclusion criteria. The results showed that rTMS could evidently improve the HRSD score compared with sham-rTMS (p < 0.00001). However, we found similar antidepressant efficacy between rTMS and SSRIs groups in terms of HRSD and BDI score (p = 0.65; p = 0.75, respectively). Furthermore, patients who received rTMS could evidently show improvement on the unified Parkinson’s disease rating scale (UPDRS), ADL score, and UPDRS motor score compared with sham-rTMS or SSRIs (p < 0.05, p = 0.05, respectively). The subgroup analysis by frequency of rTMS evidenced that the efficacy of low-frequency rTMS was superior to sham-rTMS (p < 0.0001) in terms of the outcome measure according to HAMD scale. Meanwhile, the high-frequency rTMS has the same antidepressant efficacy as SSRIs (p = 0.94). The current meta-analysis provided evidence that rTMS was superior to sham-rTMS and had similar antidepressant efficacy as SSRIs, and may have the additional advantage of some improvement in motor function.
Relapse and long-term cognitive performance after brief pulse or ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: A multicenter naturalistic follow up$$$ Background Superior cognitive functioning for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with right unilateral (RUL) ultrabrief pulse (UBP) stimulation compared to RUL brief pulse (BP) stimulation is not clearly established and long-term data is needed. Methods We conducted a prospective naturalistic follow-up of 87 inpatients from three tertiary psychiatric hospitals. Before these patients entered the follow up phase, they had participated in a RCT comparing twice weekly RUL BP (1.0 ms) with RUL UBP (0.3-0.4 ms) ECT eight times seizure threshold until remission (MADRS<10), for a maximum of six weeks. Three and six months after the index ECT patients were monitored for relapse and cognitive performance (retrograde amnesia, semantic memory and lexical memory). We compared relapse rate and cognitive performance between RUL BP and RUL UBP stimulation. Results Of the 50 patients who remitted after index ECT 44 (24 BP; 20 UBP) were monitored for follow up. Relapse occurred in 25% of the BP group and in 25% of the UBP group (χ<sup>2</sup>=0.00, p=1.0) at three-month follow-up; whereas 43.5% of the BP group and 35% of the UBP group relapsed (χ<sup>2</sup>=0.322, p=0.57) at six months follow-up. Cognitive assessments (17 BP; 16 UBP) showed no significant differences between BP and UBP groups, except for an advantage for the BP group in the autobiographical incident questions at three months follow-up only (p=0.04; d=0.77). Limitations This study may be limited since relapse in a naturalistic follow-up can be influenced by medication and other unknown factors, like social support, medical comorbidity, and psychotherapy. The small numbers of our subgroups hamper statistical significance. Conclusions Patients that achieved remission after RUL BP or RUL UBP ECT showed similar relapse rates after three and six months. There was no cognitive advantage of UBP over BP ECT in follow up. Clinical trials registration Netherlands trial register www.trialregister.nl registration number NTR1304.
Ketamine-mediated alleviation of electroconvulsive shock-induced memory impairment is associated with the regulation of neuroinflammation and soluble amyloid-beta peptide in depressive-like rats$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression, but can result in memory deficits. This study aimed to determine whether ketamine could alleviate electroconvulsive shock (ECS, an analog of ECT in animals)-induced memory impairment and the potential molecular mechanism. Chronic unpredictable mild stress was used to generate animal models of depressive-like symptoms. Sixty adult male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into the following five groups: control group (group C); depressive-like model group (group D); ECS group (group DE); ketamine. +. ECS group (group DKE); and ketamine group (group DK). The sucrose preference test and Morris water maze were used to assess behavioral changes. The expression levels of Iba-1, IL-1β and TNF-α were measured by immunohistochemistry and real-time PCR. Enzyme-linked immunosorbent assays were used to detect the levels of soluble Aβ. We found that ECS up-regulated the expression of Iba-1, promoted the release of IL-1β and TNF-α, increased the levels of Aβ1-40 and Aβ1-42 in the hippocampus, and aggravated memory impairment of the depressive-like rats. However, ketamine reversed these ECS-induced molecular changes and effectively attenuated ECS-induced memory impairment. This cognitive protective effect of ketamine may be attributed to its suppression of ECS-induced neuroinflammation and reduction of the levels of soluble Aβ.
Immediate and Sustained Effects of 5-Day Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation of the Motor Cortex in Phantom Limb Pain$$$ Abstract The study explored the analgesic effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the motor cortex on postamputation phantom limb pain (PLP). Eight subjects with unilateral lower or upper limb amputation and chronic PLP were enrolled in a crossover, double-blind, sham-controlled treatment program. For 5 consecutive days, anodal (active or sham) tDCS was applied over the motor cortex for 15 minutes at an intensity of 1.5 mA. The 5-day treatment with active, but not sham, tDCS induced a sustained decrease in background PLP and in the frequency of PLP paroxysms, which lasted for 1 week after the end of treatment. Moreover, on each day of active tDCS, patients reported an immediate PLP relief, along with an increased ability to move their phantom limb. Patients' immediate responses to sham tDCS, on the contrary, were variable, marked by an increase or decrease of PLP levels from baseline. These results show that a 5-day treatment of motor cortex stimulation with tDCS can induce stable relief from PLP in amputees. Neuromodulation targeting the motor cortex appears to be a promising option for the management of this debilitating neuropathic pain condition, which is often refractory to classic pharmacologic and surgical treatments. Perspective The study describes sustained and immediate effects of motor cortex stimulation by tDCS on postamputation PLP, whose analgesic action seems linked to the motor reactivation of the phantom limb. These results are helpful for the exploitation of tDCS as a therapeutic tool for the management of neuropathic pain.
Reprint of: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) - Application in neuropsychology$$$ Non-invasive brain stimulation is a versatile tool to modulate psychological processes via alterations of brain activity, and excitability. It is applied to explore the physiological basis of cognition and behavior, as well as to reduce clinical symptoms in neurological and psychiatric diseases. Neuromodulatory brain stimulation via transcranial direct currents (tDCS) has gained increased attention recently. In this review we will describe physiological mechanisms of action of tDCS, and summarize its application to modulate psychological processes in healthy humans and neuropsychiatric diseases. Furthermore, beyond giving an overview of the state of the art of tDCS, including limitations, we will outline future directions of research in this relatively young scientific field.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation: A potential new treatment for depression associated with traumatic brain injury$$$ Background: Each year, more than 1.7 million Americans suffer a traumatic brain injury (TBI) and the lifetime prevalence of major depressive disorder following TBI is between 25-50%. There are no validated established strategies to treat TBI depression. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a novel putative treatment option for post-TBI depression, which, compared with standard pharmacological agents, may provide a more targeted treatment with fewer side-effects. However, TBI is associated with an increased risk of both early and late spontaneous seizures, a significant consideration in evaluating rTMS as a potential treatment for TBI depression. Whilst the risk of seizure from rTMS is low, underlying neuropathology may somewhat increase that risk. Review: This review focuses on the safety aspects of rTMS in TBI patients. The authors review why low frequency rTMS might be less likely to trigger a seizure than high frequency rTMS and propose low frequency rTMS as a safer option in TBI patients. Because there is little data on the safety of rTMS in TBI, the authors also review the safety of rTMS in patients with other brain pathology. Conclusion: It is concluded that pilot safety and tolerability studies should be first conducted in persons with TBI and neuropsychiatric comorbidities. These results could be used to help design larger randomized controlled trials.
Neuromodulation (desynchronisation) for tinnitus in adults$$$ This is the protocol for a review and there is no abstract. The objectives are as follows: Main objective: To evaluate the clinical effectiveness of neuromodulation therapies that explicitly target pathological synchronous activity to reduce tinnitus perception in order to reduce tinnitus distress. Secondary objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of neuromodulation therapies in terms of reduced co-morbid symptoms and improved quality of life. To review the physiological changes and adverse events associated with different neuromodulation (desynchronisation) therapies.
Headache treatment after electroconvulsive treatment: A single-blinded trial comparator between eletriptan and paracetamol$$$ Background: After electroconvulsive treatment (ECT), headaches are a very frequent but underreported adverse effect. We conducted a study comparing the efficacy and tolerability of eletriptan versus paracetamol for this indication. Methods: Twenty consecutive ECT-treated patients who reported headaches thereafter were recruited; they underwent a headache questionnaire and a Visual Analog Scale (VAS) evaluation on headache intensity at baseline. The VAS was readministered at 30 minutes, 2 hours, and 4 hours after drug intake. Drug allocation was randomly assigned by the ECT nurse, the patient and the investigator being blinded to which drug was given after each ECT session. Results: Of 72 patients screened, 20 (28%) complained of headaches and 19 (95%) completed the study drug protocol. Eleven patients (55%) had diffuse headaches, and 9 (45%) had localized headaches (2 occipital, 4 frontal, and 3 temporal). Eight patients (40%) had pressure type, 7 aching, and 5 had dull headaches. In 14 patients (70%), sleep improved headaches. The mean (SD) headache intensity (on VAS) was 54.2 (17.4) in the eletriptan group and 51.6 (19.3) in the paracetamol group at baseline, 17.9 (16.7) and 35 (17.24), respectively, at 30 minutes (P < 0.0001), and 1.7 (2.9) and 21.1 (14.88), respectively, at 2 hours (P < 0.0001). At 4 hours, none of the patients in the eletriptan group had any headaches, whereas in the paracetamol group, the VAS was 4.8 (5.1) (P = 0.120). The mean (SD) headache duration was 1.61 (1.09) hours in the eletriptan versus 3.55 (1.19) hours in the paracetamol group (P < 0.0001). Conclusions: Our study showed that both eletriptan and paracetamol relieve post-ECT headaches, but eletriptan showed superiority in reducing the intensity and duration of the headaches in this small treatment group.
Effects of COMT, DRD2, BDNF, and APOE genotypic variation on treatment efficacy and cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objectives: The aim of this study was to explore the main and interaction effects of the COMT Val158Met, DRD2 C957T, BDNF Val66Met, and APOE polymorphisms on treatment efficacy and cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: A total of 117 adult inpatients with a diagnosis of major depressive disorder recruited from 3 hospitals were administered the Montgomery-Äsberg Depression Rating Scale and a cognitive battery assessing global cognition, anterograde memory, executive function, speed and concentration, as well as retrograde memory at baseline and after ECT treatment. Results: DRD2 C957T heterozygotes had 3.7 (95% confidence interval, 1.13-12.25; P = 0.032) greater odds of remission compared with CC homozygotes. Among the men, COMT Val/Val carriers had greater depressive symptom reduction compared with Met/Met carriers (Montgomery-Äsberg Depression Rating Scale percentage of reduction, 76% vs 35%; P = 0.020) but not among the women (P = 0.903) after ECT. For cognitive outcomes, an interaction effect on anterograde memory was observed between the DRD2 and BDNF polymorphisms (P = 0.016), in which carriers of the DRD2 TT and BDNF Val/Val genotypes had significantly less decline in anterograde performance than those that carried the TC and Met-allele (P = 0.001) or CC and Met-allele (P = 0.003) genotypes. However, no results withstood correction for multiple comparisons. Conclusions: These observations provide preliminary evidence supporting an association between common functional genotypic variation and ECT efficacy as well as anterograde memory side effects after ECT. Validation of these findings is required before firm conclusions can be made and clinical utility can be assessed.
Psychosocial factors and medication adherence among patients with coronary heart disease: A text messaging intervention$$$ Objective:Medication adherence is a complex behavior that is influenced by numerous factors. Applying self-efficacy theory, the primary aim of this randomized controlled trial was to compare medication self-efficacy among patients with coronary heart disease who received: (a) text messages (TMs) for medication reminders and education, (b) TMs for education, or (c) no TMs. The second aim was to identify the personal (sociodemographic and clinical characteristics) and psychosocial factors that were associated with and predicted medication adherence.Methods:Customized TMs were delivered over 30 days. Repeated measures analysis of variance was used to analyze medication self-efficacy. A multiple regression analysis was performed at baseline and follow-up to determine variables that were associated with and predicted self-reported medication adherence.Results:Among 90 subjects with mean age 59.2 years (standard deviation (SD) 9.4, range 35-83), total scores for medication self-efficacy improved over 30 days; however, there was no significant difference in this improvement as a function of the different treatment groups (p=0.64). Controlling for other variables in the model (age, education, depression, and social support), less depression (p=0.004) and higher social support (p=0.02) positively predicted higher medication adherence in the final model.Conclusions:TM medication reminders and/or health education did not improve medication self-efficacy. Further theory testing of current and future models and interventions are required to understand variables related to self-efficacy and medication adherence. Addressing psychosocial factors such as depression and social support should be a priority to improve medication adherence among patients with coronary heart disease.
Left prefrontal high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of schizophrenia with predominant negative symptoms: A sham-controlled, randomized multicenter trial$$$ Background Investigators are urgently searching for options to treat negative symptoms in schizophrenia because these symptoms are disabling and do not respond adequately to antipsychotic or psychosocial treatment. Meta-analyses based on small proof-of-principle trials suggest efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of negative symptoms and call for adequately powered multicenter trials. This study evaluated the efficacy of 10-Hz rTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for the treatment of predominant negative symptoms in schizophrenia. Methods A multicenter randomized, sham-controlled, rater-blinded and patient-blinded trial was conducted from 2007-2011. Investigators randomly assigned 175 patients with schizophrenia with predominant negative symptoms and a high-degree of illness severity into two treatment groups. After a 2-week pretreatment phase, 76 patients were treated with 10-Hz rTMS applied 5 days per week for 3 weeks to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (added to the ongoing treatment), and 81 patients were subjected to sham rTMS applied similarly. Results There was no statistically significant difference in improvement in negative symptoms between the two groups at day 21 (p =.53, effect size =.09) or subsequently through day 105. Also, symptoms of depression and cognitive function showed no differences in change between groups. There was a small, but statistically significant, improvement in positive symptoms in the active rTMS group (p =.047, effect size =.30), limited to day 21. Conclusions Application of active 10-Hz rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex was well tolerated but was not superior compared with sham rTMS in improving negative symptoms; this is in contrast to findings from three meta-analyses.
The efficacy of deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the medial prefrontal cortex in obsessive compulsive disorder: Results from an open-label study$$$ Background Significant numbers of patients with obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) respond minimally to currently available treatments. Furthermore, the application of both high- and low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has shown to be ineffective in the reduction of OCD symptoms. In this study, we instead targeted the medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) and applied low-frequency rTMS to patients with OCD and assessed their clinical response. Methods In an open-label design, 10 OCD patients with no other current axis I psychiatric disorders were recruited. Twelve hundred pulses of 1-Hz frequency were applied over the mPFC (Brodmann areas 24 and 32) using a double-cone coil for 10 days. Regions of interest were located on participants' MRIs using neuronavigation software. Patients' symptoms were rated using the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS). Results All patients demonstrated improvement in their OCD symptoms after 10 sessions of rTMS as shown by a mean improvement in Y-BOCS score of 39% (SD = 15%; P <.001, F = 62.95). This improvement persisted 1 month following the last session of rTMS. Conclusions Our results suggest the use of low frequency deep rTMS as a promising and robust intervention in OCD symptom reduction. However, this study is limited by its open-label nature and its lack of a control group, so further randomized clinical trials are needed to confirm these results.
The hippocampus and TNF: Common links between chronic pain and depression$$$ Major depression and chronic pain are significant health problems that seriously impact the quality of life of affected individuals. These diseases that individually are difficult to treat often co-exist, thereby compounding the patient's disability and impairment as well as the challenge of successful treatment. The development of efficacious treatments for these comorbid disorders requires a more comprehensive understanding of their linked associations through common neuromodulators, such as tumor necrosis factor-α (TNFα), and various neurotransmitters, as well as common neuroanatomical pathways and structures, including the hippocampal brain region. This review discusses the interaction between depression and chronic pain, emphasizing the fundamental role of the hippocampus in the development and maintenance of both disorders. The focus of this review addresses the hypothesis that hippocampal expressed TNFα serves as a therapeutic target for management of chronic pain and major depressive disorder (MDD).
The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive performance in treatment-resistant depression. A systematic review$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a disabling illness associated with significant functional and psychosocial impairment. Although many psychopharmacological agents are currently available for its treatment, many MDD patients suffer from treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Methods: A systematic review of the current literature (Pubmed/Medline, Scopus and ScienceDirect search) has been conducted with the primary aim to investigate the role of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in improving neurocognition in patients with TRD. Studies were included according to the following criteria: (a) being an original paper in a peer-reviewed journal and (b) having analyzed the effect of rTMS on neurocognitive functioning in TRD. Results: The combined search strategy yielded a total of 91 articles, of which, after a complete analysis, 22 fulfilled our inclusion criteria. Based on the main findings, most of the selected studies suggested the existence of a trend towards improvements in the neurocognitive profile using rTMS. Negative findings have also been reported. However, most studies were limited by their small sample size or included mixed samples, or the adopted single-blind designs potentially biased the blinding of the study design. Conclusion: rTMS is a noninvasive brain stimulation that may be considered a valuable and promising technique for cognitive enhancement in TRD.
Fentanyl-induced hyperalgesia in acute pain management$$$ There are safety concerns with the use of fentanyl, including respiratory depression, nausea, constipation, and possibly opioid-induced hyperalgesia (OIH). The purpose of this review is to evaluate the occurrence and significance of opioid-induced hyperalgesia (OIH) after acute fentanyl exposure. A literature search was conducted from October 1995 through January 2015 using MEDLINE, Embase, and Scopus with the terms hyperalgesia, fentanyl, pronociceptive, acute tolerance, and acute. Published articles evaluating the adverse effects of fentanyl during acute pain management (≤96 hours) in humans were included. Opioid-induced hyperalgesia is a phenomenon defined by increasing pain after opioid exposure with the worsening of pain occurring when opioid doses are increased. Hyperalgesia has been described following remifentanil and morphine use, but the question remains about the associated risk with acute fentanyl exposure. Six randomized, controlled trials evaluating the effect of fentanyl on pain in the acute setting have been conducted. Two trials oppose whereas four trials support the occurrence of fentanyl-induced hyperalgesia. The data on OIH after acute fentanyl exposure are limited and conflicting. Hyperalgesia should be considered in patients with uncontrolled pain despite escalating fentanyl doses, since the possibility of fentanyl-induced OIH exists in the acute setting. Well-designed trials are needed to determine the clinical significance of this phenomenon.
Effectiveness of Cognitive Processing Therapy for Male and Female U.S. Veterans With and Without Military Sexual Trauma$$$ Military sexual trauma (MST) affects approximately 2% and 36% of male and female veterans, respectively, (e.g., Allard, Gregory, Klest, & Platt, 2011). Although the deleterious consequences of MST have been clearly established, few studies have explored treatment effectiveness for this population. Using archival data from a residential treatment program, the current study explored the effectiveness of cognitive processing therapy (CPT) in treating full or subthreshold posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) to compare U.S. veterans reporting an MST index trauma (MST-IT) to those without MST-IT. Of the 481 participants, 40.7% endorsed MST-IT. Multiway frequency analyses were utilized to compare men and women with and without MST on baseline demographic variables. Hierarchical linear models were constructed to investigate treatment outcome by MST status and sex. Results showed that 44.8%, 23.8%, and 19.6% of the variation in clinician- and self-reported PTSD and depression symptoms were explained by three models. Scores on all outcome measures significantly decreased over time for both groups. Additionally, women demonstrated a sharper decrease in PTSD symptoms over time than men. Lastly, men who reported MST-IT had higher PTSD symptoms than men without MST-IT on average. With no control group or random assignment, preliminary findings suggest residential treatment including CPT may be effective for MST-IT regardless of sex.
Deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with H-coil in Alzheimer's disease: A double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study$$$ Background and aims: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied with focal coils in Alzheimer's disease (AD) revealed positive effects on cognition. The Hcoil is able to depolarize deeper and wider neuronal structures compared with focal coils. Our aim was to evaluate feasibility, safety and efficacy of excitatory rTMS with Hcoil in AD. Methods: 30 AD subjects (age 70.21±8.66; MMSE 17.31±5.77), randomized in real and sham group, underwent 12 rTMS sessions within 4 weeks, then a 4-week maintenance (1/week), over the fronto-parieto-temporal lobes (10Hz; 120%RMT). Neuropsychological assessment (Alzheimer's Disease Assessment Scale cognitive - ADAS-cog, Mini-Mental State Examination-MMSE, Beck Depression Inventory-II, Clinical Global Impression- Improvement, a word recognition task) were performed at baseline, 4 weeks from start of treatment (4w), end of treatment (8w), follow-up (8 weeks after 8w). Results: No serious side effects were reported and no patient dropped due to side effects. Four subjects were excluded from the analyses (1 acute myocardial infarction in the sham group, 1 misdiagnosis, 2 missing data). Comparing percent ADAS-cog change at 4w with a null hypothesis of 0 change, only the real group significantly improved (-7.22±10.49 %, p=0.046). To achieve 3-4 points group difference change ADAS-cog with 80% power, we calculated a sample size 16-22 per arm. Conclusion: Our preliminary findings suggest that rTMS with H-coil is a safe and feasible procedure in AD, with good patients' adherence. Our neuropsychological data will be used to plan phase II trials on a larger sample. Future studies should explore earlier disease phases and the combination with cognitive training.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve quality of life and depression in Parkinson's disease$$$ Background and aims: The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on health-related quality of life has not been evaluated in depressive Parkinson's disease (PD) patients. Therefore, we conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of rTMS over bilateral motor cortex. Methods: 46 patients with PD an mild-moderate depression randomly assigned to active (n=23) and sham (n=23) rTMS. 2 patients in the sham group did not complete the protocol because of reasons unrelated to the study. High frequency rTMS was applied over the primary motor cortex for 10 days. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short term), and 30 days after treatment session ended (long-term effect). Primary endpoint was the changes in quality of life measurement (PDQ- 39) while secondary endpoints included depression scales and Movement Disorders Society Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS). Results: In the actively-treated group not only the quality of life improved (from 25.4 to 9.6 points, PDQ-39 summary index, median values, p<0.001), but also the severity of depression (from 17 to 7 points, Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, p<0.001). We could also demonstrate an insignificant improvement in MDS-UPDRS Motor Examination by 6 points (p=0.229). In the sham-treated group none of the examined tests and scales improved significantly after sham stimulation. (Figure presented) Conclusion: Our results demonstrate the beneficial effects of rTMS over the motor cortex on health-related quality of life and depression in PD.
Neurostimulation in epilepsy$$$ Despite the advent of new pharmacological treatments and the high success rate of many surgical treatments for epilepsy, a substantial number of patients do not become seizure-free and/or experience major adverse events. Neurostimulation-based treatments have gained considerable interest in the last decade. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is an alternative treatment for patients with medically refractory epilepsy, who are unsuitable candidates for conventional epilepsy surgery, or who have had such surgery without optimal outcome. While responder identification studies are lacking, long-term VNS studies show responder rates between 40-60% and long-term seizure freedom in 5-10% of patients. Surgical complications and peri-operative morbidity are low. Shortness of breath, unpleasant sensation in the throat and hoarseness during the stimulation on-time are the most frequently reported sideeffects. Research into the mechanism of action of VNS has revealed a crucial role for the thalamus and cortical areas that are important in the epileptogenic process. Currently, a VNS-based modality responsive to ictal tachycardia occurring early after seizure onset is being investigated in the EU. Acute deep brain stimulation (DBS) in various thalamic nuclei and medial temporal lobe structures has recently been shown to be efficacious in small pilot studies of patients with medically refractory epilepsy. In recent years, a US-based RCT of bilateral DBS in the anterior nucleus of the thalamus (SANTE) has shown efficacy and safety of this new technology with increasing responder rates up to 40-60% after longer follow-up up to 5 years. Surgical complications and postoperative morbidity are within expectations. Reported long-term side effects include depression and memory deficits, which requires further study. The experience with DBS in temporal lobe epilepsy patients with electrodes bilaterally implanted in the amygdalo-hippocampal region is based on open studies and two small, randomized clinical trials. This technique has yielded a significant decrease of seizure counts and interictal EEG abnormalities during long-term follow-up, without leading to clinically significant (cognitive) side effects. Small RCTs suggest equally good outcome but data from pivotal trials is missing since two large RCTs, both in the EU and Canada recently failed to recruit sufficient numbers of patients. A US-based multi-center trial of responsive neurostimulation (Neuropace) has reported feasibility, safety and a significant decrease of seizure counts in treated patients versus controls, comparable with the other trials. Long-term follow-up suggests that responsive cortical and deep brain stimulation truly has added value. Electrical stimulation of white matter tracts e.g. in structures of Papez circuit is currently under investigation. Recently, various less or non-invasive neurostimulation methods such as transdermal VNS (tVNS), trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have been investigated or are under investigation, and early results seem promising. Various hypotheses on the possible mechanism(s) of action of neurostimulation for epilepsy have been suggested using EEG, cerebral blood flow and metabolic measures including results from animal experiments. Moreover, further conceptual and technological developments will be necessary to advance the field of neurostimulation for epilepsy.
No benefit from multifocal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor and mood symptoms of Parkinson's disease compared to sham stimulation: Results of the MASTER-PD study$$$ Objective: To determine efficacy and duration of benefits of motor and prefrontal cortex high frequency rTMS on motor and mood symptoms of PD. Background: Several studies suggest that high frequency rTMS (HF rTMS) to the motor cortex improves motor symptoms of PD and HF rTMS to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) improves depression. Yet, there are no appropriately powered, sham controlled studies targeting depression and motor dysfunction concurrently despite the frequent co-morbidity. Methods: 71 PD subjects with motor dysfunction and depression despite optimized medication treatment consented to participation and were randomized in this multicenter, double-blind, sham-controlled, parallel-group study of real or realistic (electrical) sham HF rTMS to primary motor cortex bilaterally, left DLPFC alone or concurrently. Patients received 2000 stimuli (50 x 4-sec trains of 40 stimuli at 10Hz) for 10 days and were evaluated in standard OFF state at baseline, at 1 week and at 1, 3 and 6 months post treatment. Hamilton Depression (HAM-D) scale was used for depression outcome and UPDRS III for motor outcome. Results: 59 subjects completed the treatment, 46 subjects (78%) completed all study visits (real M1-sham DLPFC n=13, real DLPFC-sham M1 n=10, real M11DLPFC n=21, double sham n=15). There was a significant, sustained decrease in HAM-D in all study participants regardless of stimulation status (p<0.001), while UPDRS III improved transiently (p=0.03) and reverted to baseline by month 6. As compared to sham stimulation, no change in UPDRS III or HAM-D was found 1 month post treatment completion in participants receiving real TMS (p=ns). Similarly, no study group difference was shown when all study visits were analyzed (rANOVA, p=ns). Conclusions: Multifocal M1 and/or DLPFC HF rTMS was no better than sham stimulation for motor or mood symptoms of PD. Sustained improvement of depression, regardless of stimulation status, points to universal benefit from study participation or from a perceived intervention. Transient improvement of UPDRS III indicates strong placebo response (perhaps related to salient electrical sham stimulation) precluding further conclusions regarding multitarget rTMS efficacy. Better understanding of sham rTMS response in this particular population may help in the design of future efficacy studies.
Impact of tDCS in Parkinson's disease on mood, cognition, and motor deficits: A randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: Evaluate the potential for bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to improve mood, cognitive and motor functioning in patients with Parkinson's disease. Background: tDCS has demonstrated ability to temporarily enhance cognitive, motor and affective functions of the brain. Prior studies have shown definable improvement in post-stroke patients. This study seeks to examine whether these benefits translate to neurodegenerative conditions. An open-label trail showed potential for improvement. This study examines the validity of those results in a placebo-controlled trial. Methods: Seven patients with Parkinson's disease were randomized to either a treatment arm or a placebo arm in a double-blinded method. Pre-stimluation testing included the following: UPDRS, Becks Depression Screen (BDS), MOCA, and speech assessments. Participants in the treatment arm were then given tDCS treatments daily for 10 days. These daily treatments involved 2mA current administered in a bifrontal montage for 30 minutes, designed to facilitate frontal lobe integration at the prefrontal cortex. Participants in the placebo-controlled arm received a brief, 15-second stimulation to mimic treatment, but no other therapy. After completion of the 10 days, a post-test battery was completed for comparison. We will complete 1 month post-follow-up with testing and a full delayed intervention to the placebo group. Results: Regarding mood, the treatment arm experienced a 65% improvement on average in BDS, compared to 22% in the placebo group. For cognition, the treatment group saw a 36% improvement on average in MOCA score, compared to 4% in placebo group. Regarding motor functioning, the treatment group saw a 24% improvement on average in UPDRS, compared to an average decline of 13% in the placebo group. When comparing treatment and placebo, improvement was consistently greater in the treatment arm by a difference of 43% (BDS), 32% (MOCA) and 37% (UPDRS). Conclusions: With 10 days of tDCS stimulations to the bifrontal regions, we observed a noted improvement in mood, cognitive and motor scoring that was not reflected in the placebo arm. Although low sample size is a limitation to this study, the noted improvement in the treatment arm compared to placebo arm is encouraging for tDCS to be a low-risk, high-yield treatment in the Parkinson's community and should propel further tDCS studies in PD.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve the quality of life and depression in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Objective: Therefore, we conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over bilateral motor cortex Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: The efficacy rTMS of on health-related quality of life has not been evaluated in PD. Methods: Forty-six patients with PD an mild-moderate depression randomly assigned to active (n=23) and sham (n=23) rTMS. Two patient in the sham group did not complete the protocol because of reasons unrelated to the study. High frequency rTMS was applied over the primary motor cortex for 10 days. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short term), and 30 days after treatment session ended (long-term effect). Primary endpoint was the changes in quality of life measurement (PDQ-39) while secondary endpoints included depression scales and Movement Disorders Society Unified Parkinson's disease Rating Scale (MDS-UPDRS). Results: In the actively-treated group not only the health-related quality of life improved (from 25.4 to 9.6 points, PDQ-39 summary index, median values, p<0.001), but also the severity of depression (from 17 to 7 points, Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, median values, p<0.001). We could also demonstrate an insignificant improvement in MDS-UPDRS Motor Examination by 6 points (p=0.229). In the sham-treated group none of the examined tests and scales improved significantly after sham stimulation. Conclusions: Our results demonstrate the beneficial effects of high frequency rTMS over the motor cortex on health-related quality of life and depression in PD. However, this result should be confirmed in patients with severe depression by further clinical trials.
Efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: To investigate whether high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective on depression in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been approved as an effective treatment modality in major depressive disorder patients who do not respond to antidepressants. The number of clinical trials conducted for evaluating efficacy of rTMS on depression in PD patients limited. Methods: Eighteen depressed patients with Parkinson's disease participated in this study. Subjects were randomized as a group of receiving real-rTMS and another group of receiving sham-rTMS. rTMS was applied over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. For 10 days, 600 stimulations a day were applied with an intensity of 90% of the resting motor threshold of (RMT) with 5 Hz frequency. The Unified Parkinson's disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) motor part (III), Beck depression inventory (BDI), Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and the Hamilton Rating Scale (HRS) were compared before rTMS, immediately after stimulation, and 4 weeks after the last stimulation. Results: Ten patients and 8 patients were randomized as groups of real and sham-rTMS, respectively. The mean age, disease duration and levodopa equivalent dosage of the patients were comparable between two groups. In real-rTMS group, repeated measures ANOVA analysis showed that the BDI, MADRS and HRS after rTMS significantly decreased compared to those before rTMS. The BDI was 30.0±5.7, 21.0±4.6 and 18.7±5.0 before, immediately after and 4 weeks after rTMS, respectively (mean±standard deviation, p<0.05). The MADRS was 20.6±1.3, 9.7±4.3 and 12.3±3.2, and the HRS was 12.7±1.3, 6.5±1.3, and 5.8±1.5 before, immediately after and 4 weeks after rTMS (mean±standard deviation, p<0.05). The UPDRS part III was also significantly different at each visit (14.2±2.8, 9.0±2.9 and 10.8±3.1, mean±standard deviation, p<0.05). However, in the sham-rTMS group, there was no difference of the BDI, MADRS, HRS and the UPDRS part III at the “drug-on” stage between before and after rTMS. Conclusions: Our findings demonstrate that rTMS can reduce the severity of depression as well as of motor symptoms at the “drugon” stage in PD patients. In addition, the efficacy of rTMS continues for a long period of time. rTMS may be an option for treatment of depression in PD patients. (Table Presented).
First time use of SD-809 in Huntington's disease (first-HD)$$$ Objective: Evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of SD- 809 in treating chorea associated with Huntington's disease (HD). Background: SD-809 is a deuterated form of tetrabenazine (TBZ), a centrally acting VMAT-2 inhibitor. TBZ is used to treat hyperkinetic Movement Disorders. Deuterium can alter drug metabolism and pharmacokinetics in small molecule drugs. SD-809 retains intrinsic pharmacological activity of TBZ. Half the mg dose delivers a comparable AUC to a full dose of TBZ and lower Cmax. Methods: This randomized, double blind, placebo-controlled, trial evaluated SD-809 in ambulatory subjects with chorea associated with HD. Study drug was titrated to adequate chorea control over 8 weeks, maintained for 4 weeks, followed by a 1 week washout. The total daily dose ranged from 6 to 48 mg. Entry criteria included a Total Maximal Chorea (TMC) score ≥8, Total Functional Capacity score ≥5 and no untreated or undertreated psychiatric illness. Results: 90 subjects (45:45) were enrolled (44% female, mean age=53.7, mean CAGn=43.9). The TMC score on SD-809 improved by 2.5 points (21 percentage points) over placebo from baseline to maintenance therapy (p<0.0001). Total Motor Score (TMS) improved 4.0 points over placebo (p=0.002). Secondary endpoints which improved significantly for SD-809 vs. placebo included the patient global impression of change (p=0.002), clinical global impression of change (p=0.002) and SF-36 Physical functioning scale (p=0.03). The mean SD-809 daily dose at end treatment was approximately 40 mg. One SD-809 subject terminated early. Overall, adverse event (AE) rates were similar for SD-809 and placebo. The most common AEs reported by all subjects were irritability (SD-809: 6.7% vs. placebo: 13.3%), somnolence (11.1% vs. 4.4%), dry mouth (8.9% vs. 6.7%) and dizziness (4.4% vs. 8.9%). Depression, anxiety, akathisia and Parkinsonism were reported at the same or lower frequency for SD-809 than for placebo. Conclusions: SD-809 effectively reduced chorea in HD with an impressive safety and tolerability profile. Treatment with SD-809 improved TMS beyond chorea, and improved quality of life measures, suggesting that an effective symptomatic treatment with good tolerability and twice-daily dosing provides significant overall benefit to HD patients.
Modelled cost-effectiveness evaluation of bipolar disorder treatments to guide health policy$$$ Aims: This analysis evaluates the cost-effectiveness of acute and maintenance treatments for bipolar disorder (I and II) to assist in efficient allocation of resources to reduce the burden of this condition. Methods: A population based model was developed to estimate the cost per disability adjusted life year (DALY) averted for efficacious therapies to treat adults with bipolar disorder across all phases: acute mania, acute depression, maintenance. The model is based on the 2013 Australian population with the Global Burden of Disease (GBD) prevalence estimates applied by age and gender. All-cause mortality attributable to bipolar disorder was incorporated as well as the decreased rate of suicide attributable to lithium. Disability weights from GBD were used to calculate DALYs. The evaluation takes an Australian health sector perspective and uses standard costs for medications and other medical services obtained from Australian sources. All treatments with proven efficacy were sourced from the most current systematic reviews/meta-analyses and supplemented with expert clinical input. Treatments evaluated included monotherapy with atypical antipsychotics, anticonvul-sants, and lithium as well as specific combination therapies evaluated in randomized controlled trials. Psychological therapies were evaluated as adjunctive to medications. Electroconvulsive therapy was evaluated as a treatment in the depressive phase only. The base case used 67.7% as a level of treatment seeking based on a 2007 Australian national survey and 41% treatment adherence. We assumed that non-adherence decreased effectiveness but incurred the full cost. Results: Preliminary results suggest that among monotherapies, valproate produced the lowest cost per/DALY, $AUD 53,000/DALY (CI $35,000-$84,000). Oxcarbazepine plus lithium provided the lowest cost among combinations $104,000/DALY (CI dominant - $446,000). Adding a disorder specific psychotherapy was less cost effective than pharmacotherapy alone for lower cost treatments (lithium, valproate) and more cost effective for aripiprazole, olanzapine, quetiapine, and combinations. Adherence costs will be varied in future analysis and presented. Conclusions: All treatments exceeded the commonly accepted $AUD 50,000/DALY threshold for implementation. In economic terms, valproate would be recommended as initial therapy based on its low ICER relative to other treatments. Higher cost therapies, including most combinations, should be implemented with a psychological intervention to improve cost-effectiveness.
A preliminary evaluation of the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating a depressive episode in bipolar II disorder$$$ Aims: The efficacy of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in treating a depressive episode of Bipolar Disorder is unclear. The aim of this study was to explore the clinical and cognitive responses following rTMS administration, combined with quetiapine, in patients with Bipolar II Disorder during a depressive episode. Methods: Thirty-eight patients identified with depressive episode in Bipolar II Disorder were enrolled, and randomly assigned into three groups: (1) left high-frequency rTMS (n = 13), (2) right low-frequency rTMS (n = 12), and (3) sham stimulation (n = 13). All three groups were given quetiapine concomitantly. Clinical efficacy was evaluated using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17) and the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Cognitive functioning was assessed with the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST), Stroop Word-Color Interference Test (Stroop), Continuous Performance Test (CPT), and Trail Making Test (TMT). Results: No significant difference was found among three groups in HDRS-17 or MADRS scores at any of the evaluation time-points, or in response or remission rates. Further analyses on factor scores of HDRS-17 revealed that the left high-frequency group scored lower than the right low-frequency group in anxiety/somatization and cognition factors after the 2-week treatment, whereas the sleep factor score in the sham-stimulation group was significantly lower than in the left high-frequencygroup (p < 0.05). Conclusions: Both left high-frequency and right low-frequency stimulation were not superior to quetiapine monotherapy in improving either depressive symptoms or cognitive performance for patients in a Bipolar II depressive episode.
Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD): Practical strategies for pharmacological and somatic treatment in adults$$$ This narrative review gathers together a range of international experts to critically appraise the existing trial-based evidence relating to the efficacy and tolerability of pharmacotherapy for obsessive compulsive disorder in adults. We discuss the diagnostic evaluation and clinical characteristics followed by treatment options suitable for the clinician working from primary through to specialist psychiatric care. Robust data supports the effectiveness of treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and clomipramine in the short-term and the longer-term treatment and for relapse prevention. Owing to better tolerability, SSRIs are acknowledged as the first-line pharmacological treatment of choice. For those patients for whom first line treatments have been ineffective, evidence supports the use of adjunctive antipsychotic medication, and some evidence supports the use of high-dose SSRIs. Novel compounds are also the subject of active investigation. Neurosurgical treatments, including ablative lesion neurosurgery and deep brain stimulation, are reserved for severely symptomatic individuals who have not experienced sustained response to both pharmacological and cognitive behavior therapies.
Transcranial Cortical Stimulation in the Treatment of Obsessive-Compulsive Disorders: Efficacy Studies$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are non-invasive brain stimulation methods that became widely used as therapeutic tools during the past two decades especially in cases of depression and schizophrenia. Low frequency rTMS and cathodal effect of tDCS inhibits cortical functioning while high frequency and anodal effect of tDCS have the opposite effect. Prolonged and repetitive application of either methods leads to changes in excitability of the human cortex that outlast the period of stimulation. Both rTMS and tDCS induce functional changes in the brain-modulating neural activity at cortical level. This paper reviews rTMS and tDCS effects in clinical trials for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Low frequency rTMS, particularly targeting the supplementary motor area and the orbital frontal cortex, seems to be the most promising in terms of therapeutic efficacy while older studies targeting the prefrontal dorsal cortex were not as successful. tDCS clearly needs to be investigated in large scale and sufficiently powered randomized control studies. From a general point of view, these non-invasive techniques hold promise as novel therapeutic tools for OCD patients.
Effects of ECT in treatment of depression: Study protocol for a prospective neuroradiological study of acute and longitudinal effects on brain structure and function$$$ Background: Major depression can be a serious and debilitating condition. For some patients in a treatment resistant depressive episode, electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) is the only treatment that is effective. Although ECT has shown efficacy in randomized controlled trials, the treatment is still controversial and stigmatized. This can in part be attributed to our lack of knowledge of the mechanisms of action. Some reports also suggest potential harmful effects of ECT treatment and memory related side effects have been documented. Methods/design: The present study will apply state of the art radiology through advanced magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) techniques to investigate structural and functional brain effects of ECT. As a multi-disciplinary collaboration, imaging findings will be correlated to psychiatric response parameters, neuropsychological functioning as well as neurochemical and genetic biomarkers that can elucidate the underlying mechanisms. The aim is to document both treatment effects and potential harmful effects of ECT. Discussion: The study will contribute to our understanding of the pathophysiology of major depression as well as mechanisms of action for the most effective treatment for the disorder; ECT.
Cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy compared to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant severe depression: a decision model$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is widely applied to treat severe depression resistant to standard treatment. Results from previous studies comparing the cost-effectiveness of this technique with treatment alternatives such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) are conflicting.
Resting-state functional neuroimaging, treatment mechanisms, and response in intervention studies$$$ Background: The use of neuroimaging in clinical trials can provide mechanisms of treatment efficacy and predict response. Resting-state fMRI is a flexible, easy-to-implement technique in clinical trials. The objective of this presentation is to demonstrate in two different intervention studies how brain network connectivity during the resting-state can be used at baseline. Methods: In the first study, patients with remitted psychotic depression received a baseline neuroimaging scan prior to randomization to continuation vs. discontinuation of antipsychotic treatment. Default mode network (DMN) connectivity from the baseline resting-state condition fMRI scan was compared in these patients (n=21) to a matched control group (n=21). In the second study, patients with schizophrenia received a baseline neuroimaging scan prior to randomization to active vs. sham rTMS applied to bilateral DLPFC to improve working memory performance. Fronto- parietal network connectivity from the resting-state fMRI scan was compared between patients and controls at baseline. Results: When compared with controls, patients with remitted psychotic depression showed statistically significant (P<0.05, corrected) decreased connectivity between the DMN and bilateral insular cortex. When compared with controls, schizophrenia patients had increased connectivity between the left and right fronto-parietal networks and cerebellum. Conclusions: These functional brain alterations serve as key 'starting points' at the outset of treatment trials since they may serve as biomarkers across the duration of the trial. Differences among patient groups in these networks across the duration of the trial can then be interpreted as mechanisms of treatment efficacy, and baseline scans may offer predictive value for determining response.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: A meta-analysis of individual patient data$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a putative non-pharmacological therapy for depression, although results are mixed, possibly due to the heterogeneity of the study samples. Methods: We used a meta-analytic approach of individual patient data from six recent randomized sham-controlled trials, enrolling 289 patients. Using this approach, we could provide parameters of efficacy and explore further the predictors of tDCS response by assessing individual clinical, demographic and treatment characteristics. Results: Active tDCS was superior to sham for response (34% vs. 19%, respectively; OR=2.44, 95%CI 1.38-4.32, p<0.01), remission (23.1% vs. 12.7%, respectively, OR=2.38, 95%CI 1.22-4.64, p<0.01) and depression improvement (linear B coefficient (zscores)= 0.35, 95%CI= 0.12-0.57, p<0.01). Mixed-effects models showed that, after adjustment for other significant predictors and confounders, including methodological differences from the six studies, treatment-resistant depression and higher tDCS “doses” (calculated based on current density, session duration and number of sessions) were respectively negatively and positively associated with tDCS efficacy. Conclusions: The findings from our individual patient data meta- analysis confirm the efficacy of tDCS: its treatment is associated with a NNT of 6.67 for response, similarly, for instance, to antidepressant drug treatment in primary care and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment. Furthermore, the two most important parameters that need to be controlled, assessed and/or adjusted in future larger trials are treatment resistance and tDCS dose. (Figure Presented).
Can we use brain oscillations to guide treatment of MDD?$$$ Background: Brain networks show increased functional connectivity in MDD, marked by highly synchronous rhythmic oscillations on quantitative electroencephalography (qEEG). We examined whether modulating oscillations would be an effective treatment, and whether early changes in oscillations during treatment would predict remission of depression. Methods: In the first study, we examined whether modulation of the alpha (8-12 Hz) rhythm would improve symptoms in MDD. 120 subjects with moderate MDD were treated in a six-week double-blind sham controlled trial of a novel device to modulate brain oscillations. The device used rotating neodymium magnets to impart subthreshold sinusoidal waveform transcranial magnetic stimulation synchronized to an individual's alpha frequency, termed synchronized TMS (sTMS). In the second study, we examined whether early shifts in alpha and theta (4-8 Hz) oscillations predict remission during medication or placebo treatment. qEEG was performed before and after one week of treatment in initial (N = 70) and replication (N = 76) cohorts treated with escitalopram or with placebo (N = 48). Results: Subjects treated with sTMS had significantly greater decrease in HamD17 scores than those treated with sham (-9.00 versus -6.56, p = 0.033), with the largest difference seen in treatment resistant subjects (-8.58 vs. -4.25, p = 0.017). During medication treatment, subjects with a shift in oscillations from the theta to alpha band had 5.2-29.3 greater odds of remission. There was no significant relationship between shifts in oscillations and outcome of placebo treatment. Conclusions: These results suggest that modulation of oscillations may contribute to effectiveness of both TMS and medication treatment for MDD.
Investigating the predictive value of subgenual cingulate cortex activity in beneficial clinical outcome in patients with major depression receiving accelerated HF-RTMS$$$ Background: Although the phenomenon of treatment-resistant depression (TRD) still remains unclear, the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) has been put forward as a possible neurobiological marker to evaluate clinical effects of a variety of antidepressant treatments, including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Accelerated high-frequency (HF)-rTMS may have the potential to rapidly result in beneficial clinical outcomes in TRD. No studies yet examined the clinical effects of such accelerated stimulation treatment paradigms on sgACC regional glucose metabolism (CMRglc), nor the predictive value of the latter for clinical outcome. Methods: We recruited 15 antidepressant-free unipolar melancholic TRD patients to participate in a two-week randomized sham- controlled crossover HF-rTMS treatment study, stimulating the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). All underwent 18FDG PET (CMRglc) at baseline (T0), after the first week (T1) of accelerated HF-rTMS and at the end of the treatment after the second week (T2). Results: Higher baseline sgACC metabolic activity indicated beneficial clinical outcome to this kind of accelerated HF-rTMS treatment. Moreover, clinical response resulted in a significant decrease in sgACC CMRglc. Non-response did not affect sgACC CMRglc. Conclusions: Our results add to the sgACC as a specific neurobiological marker for anti-depressive response in accelerated HF-rTMS treatment paradigms. Such protocols may not only have the ability to result in fast clinical responses but they may also have potential to acutely modulate a dysfunctional sgACC.
Using interleaved transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)/fMRI to assess the bold response before and after a single 20 minute session of 10hz rTMS$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over the prefrontal cortex daily for 4-6 weeks is an FDA-approved therapy for treatment resistant depression. Although the stimuli delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) are focal, the neurophysiological effects of rTMS may be relayed to structures trans-synaptically connected to this region in a target-specific manner. It is difficult to measure the changes in mood-regulating structures using standard electrophysiological techniques, as they are deep within the brain. Using interleaved TMS/fMRI, we can examine the changes in mood regulating structures by analyzing their BOLD signal responses. Methods: 18 healthy subjects are included in this sham-controlled single blind study. The experimental paradigm consists of three stages: 1) Pre-rTMS MRI scan using single pulse interleaved TMS/ fMRI over LDLPFC 2) active or sham 20 min rTMS treatment immediately after the first scan, and then immediately 3) Post-rTMS MRI scan using single pulse interleaved TMS/fMRI over LDLPFC scan. Participants were randomized to receive 10 Hz active rTMS on one visit and 10 Hz sham rTMS on the other visit, counterbalanced to prevent an order confound. Results: Early data from this study (n=10) suggests that a 20-minute session of 10 Hz rTMS over the LDLPFC increases BOLD signal response in cortical regions, specifically bilateral frontal lobes. Decreases in subcortical BOLD response were found in the ipsilateral striatum. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate that rTMS therapy is not only activating the LDLPFC, but also its connected emotional structures. These off-target effects of rTMS can be used to create patient-specific brain treatments.
2-coil array rTMS for treatment resistant major depression: Results from the cervel sham-controlled feasibility study$$$ Background: Therapeutic repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has emerged as a standard of care for individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD) who do not benefit from, or who are unable to tolerate, antidepressant pharmacotherapy. We investigated a second generation rTMS system (Cervel Neurotech) that uses a 2-coil array designed to optimally direct and summate magnetic energy fields for potentially deeper prefrontal cortex stimulation. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, parallel- groups clinical trial examined safety and efficacy of Cervel rTMS for MDD (n=92). Treatment intolerant or resistant patients (1 to 3 prior adequate trials) enrolled at 6 US sites and received 20 daily rTMS treatments over 4 weeks. Targeted coil centers were positioned over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and posterior dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (pdmPFC), delivering 10 Hz stimulation with maximum summated power for both coils ≤ 120% motor threshold. HAMD-24 was administered electronically via algorithm-based computer program; primary efficacy endpoint was change in HAMD-24 score. Results: Data from n=75 (per-protocol sample) showed significantly greater improvement (p=0.033; Cohen's d=0.5) in mean HAMD-24 at week 4 for the active group (-15.1±9.6) versus sham group (-10.4±8.7). Week 4 response rates were 55.3% (active) versus 32.4% (sham) (p=.063); remission rates were 26.3% versus 18.9% (n.s.). Secondary outcomes were generally supportive, though week 4 significant group differences were not sustained at 1-month follow-up. Conclusions: The results of this feasibility trial confirm safety and acute efficacy of the Cervel 2-coil rTMS device for pharmaco-intolerant or resistant MDD. Despite modest sample size, primary outcome effect size was comparable with those reported for regulatory trials with FDA-cleared devices. These results will inform the design of a larger pivotal trial.
A randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in patients with major depression$$$ Background: This pilot study examined the efficacy in over one-year of once monthly scheduled maintenance TMS treatment as a monotherapy for the prevention of symptomatic worsening in MDD patients who have shown a clinical response to acute TMS treatment. Methods: Pharmacotherapy-free patients with unipolar, non-psychotic MDD, who had failed to receive benefit from prior antidepressant treatment were enrolled. Patients meeting evaluable criteria (HAMD17 <15 and >25 % improvement) at the end of a fixed six-week acute TMS treatment were randomized to two maintenance regimens: once monthly maintenance TMS or observation. Patients in either arm received TMS reintroduction for protocol-defined symptomatic worsening (HAMD17 ≥ 16 and worsening ≥ 25 % from the end of their acute treatment score). The primary outcome was the proportion of patients without symptomatic worsening throughout the one-year maintenance phase. Results: Forty-two of the 67 enrolled patients remitted (HAMD17< 8) during acute treatment (62.7%), with 32 patients meeting evaluable criteria. There was a trend towards superior outcomes in the monthly maintenance group (5/16 patients, 31.3%) vs. the observation only arm (4/16 patients, 25.0%; p=NS). At study conclusion, 10/16 patients (maintenance) vs. 6/16 patients (observation) remained in the study (p=NS). Conclusions: A fixed 6-week course of NeuroStar TMS in a medication-free MDD population induced remission in 62.7% of all enrolled patients. There is a trend towards improved outcome with a once monthly maintenance TMS regimen. This study demonstrates that it is feasible to maintain treatment resistant patients who respond to an acute TMS course with TMS as the sole maintenance strategy for up to 1-year, and informs the future development of TMS maintenance regimens for MDD.
A machine learning approach to personalized psychiatric care: Prediction of antidepressant response to cognitive behaviour therapy using smart algorithms that analyze brain electrical activity patterns$$$ Background: Pattern recognition methods utilizing machine learning (ML) offer the potential for personalized, more effective psychiatric care through discovery of hitherto unrecognized biomarkers from among thousands examined. Current treatment selection, essentially “serial trial and error”, is highly inefficient. Only 37% of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) remit with the first antidepressant medication. In previous studies we developed ML algorithms using electroencephalography (EEG) features to render psychiatric diagnosis and predict response to SSRIs, clozapine and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) with 80 to 89% accuracy. Methods: Several thousand pretreatment EEG features, collected from each of 22 antidepressant medication-free subjects with MDD prior to 12 weekly manualized cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT) sessions, were analyzed to discover patterns predictive of treatment response, measured using the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating scale (MADRS). Our ML algorithms employed randomized permutation cross validation with 200 runs, using leave-two-subjects out cross validation in each run. Results: There were 9 responders when response is defined as 50 percent improvement in MADRS scores. Our ML classifier predicted response with specificity of 79.2%, sensitivity of 77.7% and predictive accuracy of 78.4±4.3%. The % improvement of MADRS was linearly correlated with an EEG feature (r = 0.69, p = 0.00043). Conclusions: ML analysis of EEG signal can be used to build diagnostic and predictive algorithms capable of providing highly accurate, personalized, psychiatric management advice regarding a variety of different treatments including SSRI, clozapine and TMS. We have extended our earlier ML methods to predict response to CBT.
Preventing cognitive decline in older patients with depression using cognitive remediation and transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ Background: Interventions to prevent Alzheimer's Dementia (AD) are urgently needed. We propose to study the efficacy of an intervention in three high risk groups: (1) older persons with Mild Cognitive Impairment (MCI); (2) older persons with a major depressive disorder (“late-life depression” - LLD) without MCI; and (3) older persons with LLD and MCI. Methods: Our proposed intervention is a combination of cognitive remediation (CR) and transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS). Subjects with MCI or LLD will be randomized to CR + tDCS or sham-CR + sham-tDCS. Both CR and tDCS have been shown to induce neuroplasticity and improve cognition. We hypothesize that their combination will enhance cognitive compensation and protect against cognitive decline. Results: Over 24 months, five Toronto academic sites will enroll: (1) 125 non-depressed subjects age 60 and older who present with MCI; (2) 125 non-demented subjects age 65 and older who present without MCI but with LLD; and (3) 125 non-demented subjects age 65 and older who present with MCI and LLD. These 375 subjects will be randomized under double-blind conditions to receive CR + tDCS or sham-CR + sham-tDCS and followed for 30 to 59 months. The two primary aims are to compare the efficacy of CR + tDCS vs. sham + sham in: (1) preventing long-term cognitive decline; (2) preventing the incidence of dementia. Conclusions: If we are successful in this high risk population, then CR + tDCS can be tested in, and extended to, the general population.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation and resting state connectivity in depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective therapy for depression, with unknown mechanisms of action. Methods: To test the hypothesis that therapeutic effects work through alterations of the intrinsic connectivity networks of the brain, we have undertaken a randomized, controlled trial of patients with major depressive disorder undergoing rTMS, using standard treatment parameters. fMRI scans measure resting state, seed-based connectivity before and after 4 weeks of rTMS therapy to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). Patients randomized to sham stimulation go on to receive active stimulation after the blinded phase of the study. Activation during an n-back task identifies the target for left dlPFC stimulation via neuronavigation. Results: Preliminary analysis of 12 patients (mean age=46 yrs, 9 females) in this ongoing study showed response to treatment in seven patients. Resting state connectivity to a seed at the site of stimulation in the L-dlPFC revealed that responders, compared to non-responders, had greater connectivity between the stimulation site and the posterior medial prefrontal cortex (-15, -16, 46; p<0.000 FWE-corr). Stronger anti-correlation with a posterior cingulate cortex seed (default mode network) before treatment predicted a better response to rTMS. Comparison of treatment vs sham stimulation revealed a trend of increased connectivity at the site of left dlPFC stimulation (-36, 50, 22; Z=3.53). Conclusions: These results provide evidence that rTMS therapy interacts with resting state connectivity, which may determine the probability of treatment response. Direct effects of TMS may involve increasing connectivity strength at the site of stimulation.
Modulating tolerability of acute painful stimuli with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) targeting dorsolateral prefrontal cortex$$$ Background: Pain remains a critical challenge to medicine. Current treatments primarily target nociception, rather than the affective “suffering” component of pain. Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been implicated in these cognitive aspects of pain processing and is a current target of neuromodulation for depression. tDCS can noninvasively modulate the activity of underlying cortex including DLPFC. We therefore hypothesized that anodal (activating) tDCS over left DLPFC should increase tolerability of acute painful stimuli as compared to cathodal (inhibitory) tDCS. Methods: This pilot study enrolled 40 healthy volunteers. Each participant separately received anodal and cathodal stimulation targeting left DLPFC, in two randomized and counterbalanced sessions. During stimulation, each subject performed the cold pressor (CP) and breath holding tasks. Results: Preliminary statistical analysis shows no overall main effect of stimulation polarity for either task (F(1,38) < 1.25, p > 0.25). However, there was a significant main effect of stimulation order (anodal first vs. cathodal first) on mean CP endurance (F(1,38) = 4.54, p = 0.040), with greater endurance for anodal first trials. Conclusions: Our results do not suggest that polarity of tDCS targeting left DLPFC differentially modulates tolerability of pain-related distress in healthy volunteers. This contrasts with our previous pilot findings of tDCS targeting left dorsal anterior cingulate cortex showing a trend towards higher mean CP tolerance with cathodal versus anodal stimulation. Future sham-controlled studies targeting both regions in clinical pain populations are needed.
Influence of telemonitoring systems on quality of life and device-acceptance in patients with implantable cardioverter defibrillators: 12 months follow-up data$$$ Introduction: Telemonitoring systems (TMS) for implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICD) are gaining attention as a strategy to optimize patient care, to save costs and to improve clinical outcome. This study prospectively investigated the influence of TMS on the levels of depression, QoL and device acceptance in ICD patients over a period of twelve months as impaired QoL is a common phenomenon in ICD patients. Methods: In this prospective randomized single-center trial, 180 patients (82% male; age: 62.9 ± 14.8; 47% with coronary artery disease, NYHA class 2.0±0.7) were randomized at the day of ICD implantation to either telemonitoring (n=91) or control group (n=89). Patients in the intervention group were equipped with a TMS capable of transmitting device-related data to our hospital. In the control group, only conventional in-office followup (FU) visits were performed. Patients had to fill out three questionnaires (the generic EQ-5D, the depression-specific Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the Florida Patient Acceptance Survey (FPAS)) at baseline; patients were followed-up for twelve months, with postal surveys on a monthly basis. Results: Nine patients dropped out before survey completion at month six for different reasons. Of the remaining 171 patients 153 patients finished at least the 3-months questionnaire and were included in the further analyses. The telemonitoring group showed a mean improvement in the health related QoL by 8.62 points after twelve months compared to baseline (p=.0234), while the QoL levels in the control group did not differ significantly vs. baseline over time. However, FPAS and HADS showed only a positive non-significant trend for beneficial effects for the telemonitoring group. Notably, neither number of ICD shocks (inappropriate/appropriate) during follow-up nor the baseline NYHA stadium had a significant influence on the levels of QoL, anxiety/depression or device acceptance over time. Conclusions: Our results suggest that the use of TMS seems to improve QoL of ICD patients over time. In addition, the results indicate marginal effects on the levels of depression, anxiety and device acceptance, which have to be further validated in larger patient cohorts with longer follow-up periods.
A cost-effectiveness model to guide health policy in bipolar disorder treatment$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the cost-effectiveness of bipolar disorder (I and II) treatments to assist in efficient resource allocation. METHODS: A population based model was developed to estimate the cost per disability adjusted life year (DALY) averted for efficacious therapies to treat adults with bipolar disorder. The model is based on the 2013 Australian population with the Global Burden of Disease (GBD) prevalence estimates applied. All-cause mortality attributable to bipolar disorder is incorporated as well as the decreased rate of suicide attributable to lithium. Disability weights from GBD are used to calculate DALYs. The evaluation takes a health sector perspective and used standard costs for medications and other medical services obtained from Australian sources. All treatments with proven efficacy were sourced from current systematic reviews/meta-analyses and supplemented with expert clinical input. Treatments evaluated included monotherapy with atypical antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, and lithium as well as combination therapies evaluated in randomized controlled trials. Psychological therapies were evaluated as adjunctive to medications. Electroconvulsive therapy was evaluated as a treatment in the depressive phase only. RESULTS: Preliminary results suggest that among monotherapies, valproate produced the lowest cost per/DALY $AUD 53,000/ DALY (CI $35,000 - $84,000). Oxcarbazepine plus lithium provided the lowest cost among combinations $104,000/DALY (CI dominant - $446,000). Adding a disorder specific psychotherapy was less cost effective than pharmacotherapy alone for lower cost treatments (lithium, valproate) and more cost effective for aripiprazole, olanzapine, quetiapine, and combinations. Adherence costs will be varied in future analysis and presented. CONCLUSIONS: Preliminary results indicate treatments generally exceeded the commonly accepted $AUD 50,000/DALY threshold for costeffectiveness. From an economic perspective, valproate would be recommended as initial therapy. Higher cost therapies, including most combinations, should be implemented with a psychological intervention.
Validity of the audio recorded cognitive screen (ARCS) in the assessment of individuals undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a treatment for severe depression that can cause side effects including cognitive problems. The measurement of cognition during the course of ECT can be helpful in detecting unwanted side effects. A comprehensive cognitive assessment is time consuming. Audio Recorded Cognitive Screen (ARCS) is a cognitive assessment instrument that is administered without a clinician. It has been well validated in other conditions such as multiple sclerosis and psychosis. A formal validation study is required before it can be widely recommended as an instrument for tracking cognitive changes during ECT. Confounding factors include apathy and depression. Objectives: To validate the ARCS by comparing it with another well-validated cognitive assessment measure, the Repeatable Battery for the Assessment of Neuropsychological Status (RBANS). Correlations between corresponding tests in the ARCS and RBANS will range from 0.4-0.7. Measures of apathy and depression will not significantly alter the association between ARCS and RBANS scores. Methods: Participants older than 18 who were undergoing ECT and consented to the study were allocated to four testing sessions, two before treatment commenced and two after treatment 6. They were randomly allocated to commence with ARCS first then RBANS, with the reverse order at the next testing session. Apathy Scale and Profile of Mood States Short form (POMSSF) measured apathy and depression on both occasions. Findings: Correlations between corresponding tests showed no difference without any significant change when controlled for apathy and depression. Conclusions: The ARCS is a useful test to consider when assessing cognitive impairment during ECT.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for the treatment of patients with secondary headache caused by recurrent unipolar nonpsychotic severe depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: A general rule allowing the attribution of headache to depressive disorder is the temporal connection and resolving orimproving when depression remits. Objective: The aim of this prospective, randomized, single-blind, placebo controlled study was to resolve or improve secondary headache, when treating recurrente unipolar non psychotic severe depression. Patients and Methods: Thirty-one outpatients - 19women and 12 men, ages 21 to 40 drug-free for one month without any kind of drugs, with secondary headache caused by recurrent unipolar nonpsychotic severe depressive disorder. The patients randomly assigned to receive either active(A) tDCS - 17 patients: 10 women and 7 men - or sham(s) tDCS -14 patients: 9women and 5 men. Eight week treatment of 2-mAanodal left/cathodal right prefrontal tDCS, for 30 minutes sessions, once daily, from Monday to Friday, until the study end point. Depressive symptoms were measured by HDRS-17 MADRS and CGI (CGI-S and CGI-I) neuropsychological effects(MMSE) at baseline (T0) after 2nd (T1) 4th (T2), 6th (T3) and 8th weeks (T4) of treatment. The main outcome was that pain intensity changes measured by thevisual analog scale at baseline (T0), after 2nd (T1), 4th (T2), 6th (T3) and8th weeks (T4) of treatment. For sham conditions, the same method was applied, but the device was turned off. Results: An interin analysis showed aconsistent lack of antidepressant and analgesic effects and the study was terminated. Conclusions: Bifrontal stimulation (leftand right DLDFC) is not effective in relieving headache caused by recurrentunipolar nonpsychotic severe depressive disorder.
Evaluation of a home-based transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) treatment device for chronic pain: Study protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Stimulation of the primary motor cortex (M1) has been shown to reduce the pain of neuropathy in multiple studies. There are several methods of stimulation both invasive and non-invasive. Recent work by this laboratory has seen that 40% of a sample of chronic neuropathic pain patients responded positively to non-invasive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the motor cortex with a reduction in pain levels by at least 20%. The effect however is short lived and multiple return visits are necessary to maintain this response. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) offers a more mobile method of motor cortex stimulation and is similarly non-invasive. The protocol described is designed to assess the analgesic effect of a home-based tDCS treatment device on chronic neuropathic pain in both responders and non-responders to previous TMS treatment. Methods/design: This article reports the protocol for a randomised, sham-controlled, double-blinded crossover study in which patients with chronic neuropathic pain (n = 24) will receive anodal, cathodal and sham tDCS over M1. All patients will have previously completed a study of rTMS of the motor cortex and have been designated as responders or non-responders to this modality. Discussion: The result of this trial will assess the efficacy of self-administered tDCS of the motor cortex in the treatment of chronic neuropathic pain and also provide insight into whether a potential differential effect is seen in patients that have previously been shown to be either responsive or non-responsive to rTMS over the same area. Trial registration: ISRCTN56839387 date 27 January 2014. First patient randomised to trial 30 October 2012.
Effects of sevoflurane or ketamine on the QTc interval during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Purpose: To evaluate the effect of sevoflurane or ketamine on the corrected QT (QTc) interval and the interval from the peak to the end of the T wave (Tp-e) during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with major depression. Methods: This prospective, randomized, double-blinded study included 24 patients that were randomly allocated to receive sevoflurane (group S) or ketamine (group K) for ECT session. Group S patients received 8 % sevoflurane for anesthesia induction, which was maintained at 2−4 % until delivery of the electrical stimulus. Group K patients received a bolus of ketamine (1 mg/kg). The mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate (HR) and the electrocardiogram (ECG) were recorded before (T1) and after induction of anesthesia (T2) and 0, 1, 3, and 10 min after the electrical stimuli ended (T3, T4, T5, and T6, respectively). Results: In both groups, the QTc interval was significantly longer at T2, T4, T5, and T6 than at baseline. The QTc interval was longer at T4, T5, and T6 in group S compared to that in group K, the Tp-e interval was significantly longer at T4 in group K both baseline and group S. The HR in group S was increased at T4 compared with group K. MAP was significantly higher after induction of anesthesia in group K compared to those in group S at all time points. Conclusions: Although group S showed a prolonged QTc interval after ECT compared to group K, the Tp-e interval in both groups was not significantly affected clinically. Sevoflurane blunted MAP and peak HR.
Clinical efficacy of formula-based bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of major depression among elderly patients: A pragmatic, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial$$$ Background No prior study has compared the efficacy of bifrontal (BF) vs right unilateral (RUL) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) by including the subgroup that is most likely to receive it: only elderly patients with major depression (MD). Methods This single-site, randomized, assessor-blinded, controlled trial was conducted from 2009 to 2013. Seventy-three elderly patients with MD, unipolar and bipolar, were treated with a course of formula-based BF ECT or RUL ECT. The 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD17) was used to measure efficacy. Safety was assessed with the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE). Results Both electrode placements resulted in highly significant downward trends in symptom severity (all p<0.001), with a non-significant difference between methods (p=0.703). At the end of the ECT course, response rates for the BF and RUL group were 63.9% and 67.6%, respectively. Short-term remission, defined as an HRSD17 score≤7, was achieved in 14 (38.9%) patients in the BF group and 19 (51.4%) patients in the RUL group. Global cognitive function, as measured by the MMSE, did not deteriorate in the two treatment groups. Limitations The small number of subjects may have led to reduced power to detect real differences. The MMSE is not sufficient to ascertain the negative effect of ECT on cognition. Conclusions This study indicates that formula-based BF and RUL ECT are equally efficacious, and that remission rates of formula-based dosing are lower than those previously reported for titrated dosing, in a clinical sample of elderly patients with MD. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov NCT01559324.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in neuropathic pain secondary to malignancy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background Significant analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have been found in several studies of patients with chronic pain of various origins, but never for malignancy. The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of 10 sessions of rTMS over the primary motor cortex (M1) in patients suffering from malignant neuropathic pain. Methods Thirty-four patients were randomly allocated into one of two groups to receive real (20 Hz, 10 s, 10 trains with 80% intensity) or sham rTMS daily for 10 consecutive days. Patients were evaluated using a verbal descriptor scale (VDS), a visual analogue scale (VAS), Leeds assessment of neuropathic symptoms and signs (LANSS) and Hamilton rating scale for depression (HAM-D) at baseline, after the first, fifth and 10th treatment sessions, and then 15 days and 1 month after treatment. Results There were no significant differences between real and sham groups in the duration of illness or pain rating scores at the baseline. A significant 'Time × Group' interaction was recorded indicating that real and sham rTMS had different effects on the VDS, VAS, LANSS and HAM-D scales. Post-hoc testing showed that the group of patients treated with real rTMS had greater improvement in all scales that persisted up to 15 days, but were not present 1 month later. Significant positive correlations between the percentage of pain reduction and HAM-D after the 10th session and 15 days later were recorded. Conclusion The results demonstrate that 10 rTMS sessions over the M1 can induce short-term pain relief in malignant neuropathic pain.
Placebo-controlled vagus nerve stimulation paired with tones in a patient with refractory tinnitus: a case report$$$ OBJECTIVE: Classical neuromodulation consists of applying electrical or magnetic stimuli to the nervous system to modulate ongoing activity and connectivity. However, recently, an exciting novel neuromodulation technique was developed in which stimulation of the vagal nerve was paired with simultaneous presentation of tones, demonstrating that it reverses a tinnitus percept in noise-exposed rats.
Magnetic seizure therapy in treatment-resistant depression: clinical, neuropsychological and metabolic effects$$$ BACKGROUND: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST), despite being in an early phase of clinical research, has been demonstrated to be associated with antidepressant efficacy. However, safety, tolerability and efficacy data in connection with functional brain activity from larger samples are lacking. The aim of this study was to determine clinical and cognitive effects of MST and the influence of MST on regional brain glucose metabolism.
Age as a risk factor for predicting cognitive deficits following ECT$$$ Background: Electro convulsive therapy (ECT) is the most acutely effective treatment for severe depression but is limited by cognitive side-effects, to which older adult may be more vulnerable. The most common form of ECT worldwide uses bitemporal (BT) electrode placement which is more powerful than right unilateral (RUL) placement but is associated with more cognitive deficits. However, RUL-ECT at high erelectrical doses may be as effective as BT-ECT but with less cognitiveside-effects. The aim of this trial is to compare the effectiveness and cognitiveside-effects of high-dose RUL-ECT with standard BT-ECT. Methods: We carried out a pragmatic, two-group, parallel-design, randomised, non-inferiority trial (ISRCTN23577151) of twice-weekly BT-ECT at 1.5 times seizure threshold versus high-dose RUL-ECT at 6 times seizure threshold for patients with a major depressive episode. 138 patients (69 per group) were randomised to ensure adequate power to assess non-inferiority of high-dose RUL ECT. The primary outcome was the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-24) score at end-of-treatment and the prespecifiednon- inferiority margin was 4.0 points. Secondary outcomes included response, remission and relapse rates plus cognitive performance during and after the allocated ECT course with a six-month followup. Results: Recruitment was from May 2008 until November 2012. Overall, high-dose RUL ECT was noninferior to BT ECT with respect to the HDRS-24 at the end of ECT course(mean difference 1.2 points in favour of RUL ECT (95% CI, -1.510 to 3.995). Analyses of the effects of age on recovery of orientation after individual treatments and cognitive performance soon after completion of the ECT course and during the six month follow-up will be presented and discussed.
Effects of electroconvulsive therapy on cognitive functioning in patients with depression: Protocol for a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Depression is the leading cause of disability worldwide, affecting approximately 350 million people. Evidence indicates that only 60-70% of persons with major depressive disorder who tolerate antidepressants respond to first-line drug treatment; the remainder become treatment resistant. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered an effective therapy in persons with treatment-resistant depression. The use of ECT is controversial due to concerns about temporary cognitive impairment in the acute post-treatment period. We will conduct a meta-analysis to examine the effects of ECT on cognition in persons with depression. Methods: This systematic review and meta-analysis has been registered with PROSPERO (registration number: CRD42014009100). We developed our methods following the Preferred Reporting Items for Systematic Reviews and Meta-Analysis (PRISMA) statement. We are searching MEDLINE, PsychINFO, EMBASE, CINAHL and Cochrane from the date of database inception to the end of October 2014. We are also searching the reference lists of published reviews and evidence reports for additional citations. Comparative studies (randomised controlled trials, cohort and case-control) published in English will be included in the meta-analysis. Three clinical neuropsychologists will group the cognitive tests in each included article into a set of mutually exclusive cognitive subdomains. The risk of bias of randomised controlled trials will be assessed using the Jadad scale. We will supplement the Jadad scale with additional questions based on the Cochrane risk of bias tool. The risk of bias of cohort and case-control studies will be assessed using the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale. We will employ the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation (GRADE) to assess the strength of evidence. Statistical analysis: Separate meta-analyses will be conducted for each ECT treatment modality and cognitive subdomain using Comprehensive Meta-Analysis V.2.0.
Effects of low-dose ketamine combined with propofol on phosphorylation of AMPA receptor GluR1 subunit and GABAA receptor in hippocampus of stressed rats receiving electroconvulsive shock$$$ Objectives To investigate the effects of low-dose ketamine combined with propofol on the antidepressant efficacy in stressed rats undergoing electroconvulsive shock (ECS) and its impact on phosphorylation of alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazole-propionic acid receptor subunit glutamate receptor 1 (GluR 1) and γ-aminobutyric acid receptor subunit A (GABA A R). Methods Sprague-Dawley rats were stressed by chronic unpredictable mild stress. Fifty stressed rats were randomly divided into 5 groups (n = 10 per group): depression group (with no application, group D), ECS group (applied with ECS after intraperitoneal injection of isotonic sodium chloride solution, 8 mL/kg, group E), ketamine + ECS group (applied with ECS after intraperitoneal injection of ketamine, 10 mg/kg, group KE), propofol + ECS group (applied with ECS after intraperitoneal injection of propofol, 80 mg/kg, group PE), and ketamine + propofol + ECS group (applied with ECS after intraperitoneal injection of ketamine, 10 mg/kg, and propofol, 80 mg/kg, group KPE). All groups except group D underwent ECS once a day for 7 consecutive days. Sucrose preference test, open-field test, and Morris water maze were performed to assess the depressive behavior. Phosphorylation of GluR 1 and GABA A R were evaluated by Western blot. Results Compared with group D, sucrose preference percentage and open-field scores were increased after ECS application in the 4 other groups; rats in group E reported prolonged escape latency and shortened space exploration time, whereas the escape latency were decreased and space exploration time were prolonged in group KPE; the ratio of p-GluR 1 /p-GABA A R in hippocampus were increased in the 4 other groups. When using group E as control, rats in group KPE exhibited higher sucrose preference percentage and open-field scores; the escape latency was shortened and space exploration time was prolonged in groups KE, PE, and KPE; the ratio of p-GluR 1 /p-GABA A R in the hippocampus was up-regulated in groups KE and KPE. When compared with groups KE and PE, the rats in group KPE exhibited higher sucrose preference percentage and open-field scores, the escape latency of group KPE was shortened and space exploration time was prolonged, the ratio of p-GluR 1 /p-GABA A R in the hippocampus of group KEP is between those of groups KE and PE. Conclusions Low-dose ketamine combined with propofol may play a role in enhancing the antidepressant efficacy of ECS in stressed rats, ameliorating the cognitive impairment associated with ECS by balancing the expression of p-GluR 1 and p-GABA A R in the hippocampus of stressed rats.
Effects of electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy on acute memory retrieval$$$ Objectives Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is currently the most effective treatment for severe depression. However, it is frequently associated with negative cognitive side effects. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) depicts an alternative, although experimental, convulsive treatment for major depression. Initial results suggest comparable antidepressant effects accompanied by a better side effect profile. However, no studies up to now have addressed acute retrieval disruption after MST in comparison to ECT. Therefore, we intended to broaden insight into the side effect profile of MST compared to ECT by examining the disruption of acute verbal memory processes after treatment. Methods Twenty depressed patients were randomly assigned to either MST (10 patients) or ECT (10 patients) treatment. On 2 treatment days and 2 treatment-free days, the patients memorized words using a controlled learning paradigm derived from the Batchelder and Riefer storage retrieval model. Four hours after memorization, the patients were asked to retrieve words freely (delayed recall) and a second time with the help of an additional cue constructed out of a hypernymic category (cued recall). By comparing memory performance on treatment days to control days, treatment-induced memory disruption was evaluated. Results After ECT, delayed recall was disturbed, whereas after MST, it was not. However, this difference in performance was no longer apparent upon cue application (cued recall). Conclusions This study demonstrates that ECT-induced acute memory disruption measured by delayed recall is absent after MST, confirming its superior side effect profile. We hope that confirming advantages of MST over ECT will improve therapy options for patients with severe depression.
Do patients with personality disorders respond differentially to electroconvulsive therapy?$$$ Personality disorders are common among depressed patients. While there is considerable research demonstrating that such patients may respond less optimally to antidepressant medications, there is a relative dearth of research on the outcomes of depressed personality-disordered patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In this review, the author summarizes the available reports and concludes that there is reasonably robust evidence that patients with borderline personality disorder experience lesser antidepressant responses to ECT acutely and probably higher post-ECT relapse rates than depressed patients with other or no personality disorders. Some of the complex issues involved in selecting and treating such patients are discussed, and recommendations are provided for clinical practice and future research.
Transcranial electric stimulation and neurocognitive training in clinically depressed patients: A pilot study of the effects on rumination$$$ Rumination is a cognitive-affective thinking style that plays a key role in the onset and maintenance of depression. Recently, it was shown that clinically depressed patients who received a neurocognitive training - involving two weeks of repetitive cognitive control exercises that necessitate prefrontal engagement - are more able to control over ruminative negative thoughts than patients who only received treatment as usual. Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) is a biological technique that can directly modulate prefrontal excitability via the manipulation of neural membrane potentials. In this randomized double-blind trial, we investigated whether bifrontal tDCS (anode over the left/cathode over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC)) would enhance the influence of a neurocognitive training on depressive brooding, the maladaptive form of rumination. Major depressed patients were trained using a procedure based on the Paced Auditory Serial Addition Task (PASAT), a task that relies heavily on working memory and is found to engage the DLPFC. One group (n. = 19) completed the PASAT training together with active tDCS and another group (n. = 14) completed the same training together with sham (placebo) tDCS. In both groups, depressive brooding was reduced following the PASAT training. Moreover, we observed that improvement in working memory over the course of the training was associated with a greater reduction in depressive brooding post- versus pre-intervention. However, tDCS did not moderate this association between changes in working memory and changes in depressive brooding. Possible explanations for this absent moderation of tDCS, as well as avenues for future research to influence ruminative thinking in depression, are discussed.
Assessment and management of behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia$$$ Behavioral and psychological symptoms of dementia include agitation, depression, apathy, repetitive questioning, psychosis, aggression, sleep problems, wandering, and a variety of inappropriate behaviors. One or more of these symptoms will a+ ect nearly all people with dementia over the course of their illness. These symptoms are among the most complex, stressful, and costly aspects of care, and they lead to a myriad of poor patient health outcomes, healthcare problems, and income loss for family care givers. The causes include neurobiologically related disease factors; unmet needs; care giver factors; environmental triggers; and interactions of individual, care giver, and environmental factors. The complexity of these symptoms means that there is no "one size-ts all solution," and approaches tailored to the patient and the care giver are needed. Non-pharmacologic approaches should be used-rst line, although several exceptions are discussed. Non-pharmacologic approaches with the strongest evidence base involve family care giver interventions. Regarding pharmacologic treatments, antipsychotics have the strongest evidence base, although the risk to bene-t ratio is a concern. An approach to integrating non-pharmacologic and pharmacologic treatments is described. Finally, the paradigm shi1 needed to fully institute tailored treatments for people and families dealing with these symptoms in the community is discussed.
Effectiveness and acceptability of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder: An open label trial$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a significant cause of worldwide disability and treatment resistance is common. High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) has emerged as a treatment for MDD, and while efficacious, the daily commitment for typical 4-6 weeks of treatment poses a significant challenge. We aimed to determine the effectiveness and acceptability of an accelerated rTMS protocol for MDD. & 2014 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Effect of a 10-day trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) protocol for treating major depressive disorder: A phase II, sham-controlled, randomized clinical trial$$$ Considering both the burden determined by major depressive disorder (MDD) itself and the high refractoriness and recurrence index, alternative strategies, such as trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS), are the cutting edge instruments to optimize clinical response and to avoid treatment discontinuation and relapse of symptoms. Trigeminal nerve stimulation is an incipient simple, low-cost interventional strategy based on the application of an electric current over a branch of the trigeminal nerve with further propagation of the stimuli towards brain areas related to mood symptoms. Method: The study was a phase II, randomized, sham-controlled trial with 40 patients with MDD. Patients with moderate or severe depressive symptoms as assessed by adequate clinical scales underwent a 10-day intervention protocol. Regarding main clinical outcome, analysis of variance (ANOVA) was performed to evaluate mean change scores in depressive symptoms as assessed by the HDRS-17 between baseline (t1), after intervention protocol (t2), and during one-month follow-up (t3). Results: There was a significant interaction between the mean percentage changes in depressive symptoms according to the HDRS in the two groups across the three assessments (F. = 6.38, df. = 2, p. = 0.0033). Post hoc analyses (Bonferroni method) demonstrated a statistically significant difference between depressive symptoms at baseline and t1 (p. = 0.01) and between depressive symptoms at baseline and t2 (p. = 0.009). No severe adverse effects were reported. Discussion: Our results in the present controlled trial highlight the possibility of more practical treatment protocols for clinical research, which are similar to those for different neuromodulation strategies such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). The in-office administration of TNS in our protocol is similar to the schedule for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), though over fewer treatment sessions. Conclusion: Further controlled studies will contribute to the establishment of the clinical relevance of this new treatment strategy for MDD.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) - Application in neuropsychology$$$ Non-invasive brain stimulation is a versatile tool to modulate psychological processes via alterations of brain activity, and excitability. It is applied to explore the physiological basis of cognition and behavior, as well as to reduce clinical symptoms in neurological and psychiatric diseases. Neuromodulatory brain stimulation via transcranial direct currents (tDCS) has gained increased attention recently. In this review we will describe physiological mechanisms of action of tDCS, and summarize its application to modulate psychological processes in healthy humans and neuropsychiatric diseases. Furthermore, beyond giving an overview of the state of the art of tDCS, including limitations, we will outline future directions of research in this relatively young scientific field.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of adjunctive ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy: Efficacy and tolerability$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains one of the most effective tools in the psychiatric treatment armamentarium, particularly for refractory depression. Yet, there remains a subset of patients who do not respond to ECT or for whom clinically adequate seizures cannot be elicited, for whom ketamine has emerged as a putative augmentation agent. Methods: We searched EMBASE, PsycINFO, CENTRAL, and MEDLINE from 1962 to April 2014 to identify randomized controlled trials evaluating ketamine in ECT (PROSPERO #CRD42014009035). Clinical remission, response, and change in depressive symptom scores were extracted by two independent raters. Adverse events were recorded. Drop-outs were assessed as a proxy for acceptability. Meta-analyses employed a random effects model. Results: Data were synthesized from 5 RCTs, representing a total of 182 patients with major depressive episodes (n=165 Major Depressive Disorder, n=17 Bipolar Disorder). ECT with ketamine augmentation was not associated with higher rates of clinical remission (Risk Difference (RD) = 0.00; 95%CI = -0.08 to 0.10), response (RD = -0.01; 95%CI = -0.11 to 0.08), or improvements in depressive symptoms (SMD = 0.38; 95%CI = -0.41 to 1.17). Ketamine augmentation was associated with higher rates of confusion/disorientation/prolonged delirium (OR=6.59, 95%CI: 1.28-33.82, NNH=3), but not agitation, hypertension or affective switches. Conclusion: Our meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials of ketamine augmentation in the ECT setting suggests a lack of clinical efficacy, and an increased likelihood of confusion. Individuals for whom adequate seizures or therapeutic response cannot be obtained have not been studied using randomized controlled designs. Additional research is required to address the role of ketamine in this population.
Ketamine as a novel treatment for major depressive disorder and bipolar depression: A systematic review and quantitative meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Given the significant disability, morbidity and mortality associated with depression, the promising recent trials of ketamine highlight a novel intervention. A meta-analysis was conducted to assess the efficacy of ketamine in comparison with placebo for the reduction of depressive symptoms in patients who meet criteria for a major depressive episode. Method: Two electronic databases were searched in September 2013 for English-language studies that were randomized placebo-controlled trials of ketamine treatment for patients with major depressive disorder or bipolar depression and utilized a standardized rating scale. Studies including participants receiving electroconvulsive therapy and adolescent/child participants were excluded. Five studies were included in the quantitative meta-analysis. Results: The quantitative meta-analysis showed that ketamine significantly reduced depressive symptoms. The overall effect size at day 1 was large and statistically significant with an overall standardized mean difference of 1.01 (95% confidence interval 0.69-1.34) (. P<. .001), with the effects sustained at 7 days postinfusion. The heterogeneity of the studies was low and not statistically significant, and the funnel plot showed no publication bias. Conclusions: The large and statistically significant effect of ketamine on depressive symptoms supports a promising, new and effective pharmacotherapy with rapid onset, high efficacy and good tolerability.
Durability of the antidepressant effect of the high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the absence of maintenance treatment in major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of 16 double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trials$$$ Background The aim of the current meta-analysis was to investigate predictors of the durability of the antidepressant effect of high-frequency (>1 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the absence of active maintenance treatment. Methods Following a systematic literature search of Medline and PsycInfo, N = 16 double-blind, parallel-design, randomized-controlled trials (RCTs) with high-frequency rTMS and inactive sham were included in the current meta-analysis. The effect size (Cohen's d) was the standardized mean difference in depression scores between sham and rTMS groups (baseline -follow-up). Meta-analysis was conducted according to a random-effects model with inverse-variance weights. Results Most RCTs reported only short follow-up phases of 2 weeks (range of 1-16 weeks). The antidepressant effect was observed during follow-up (in the absence of maintenance treatment) compared to baseline (overall mean weighted d = -.48, 95% confidence interval: -.70, -.25, P <.001, N = 16 RCTs with 495 patients). Such an antidepressant effect during follow-up was higher in RCTs with patients who were less severely ill, unipolar, nonpsychotic, treatment-resistant, and on antidepressants (either started with rTMS or continued at stable doses during acute treatment phases). The effect sizes were lower in RCTs with longer (8-16 weeks) compared to shorter (1-4 weeks) follow-up periods. The risk of publication bias was low. Conclusions High-frequency rTMS has only a small antidepressant effect during follow-up after short acute treatment (5-15 sessions) in the absence of active maintenance treatment. This effect depends on illness severity, decreases over time, and appears to be enhanced by antidepressants.
Effects of acute transcranial direct current stimulation in hot and cold working memory tasks in healthy and depressed subjects$$$ Dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) hypoactivity and subcortical hyperactivity have been associated to cognitive impairment for non-emotional ("cold") and emotional ("hot") working memory tasks in major depressive disorder (MDD). We investigated whether an increase of DLPFC activity using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) would differently influence the performance in working memory tasks in depressed and healthy subjects. Forty young adult participants (20 with MDD and 20 healthy controls) were randomized to a single, sham-controlled, bifrontal (left anodal/right cathodal), 2. mA, 30. min tDCS session in a parallel design. The n-back and the internal shift task (IST) were used as proxies of cold and hot working memory performance, respectively. Active tDCS compared to sham promoted more accurate and faster responses to the n-back task for both patients and controls. Conversely, only patients presented an improvement in response times for the IST task. Our findings suggest that the mechanisms of tDCS in MDD involve modulation of both cold and hot working memory. We discuss these findings considering the modulatory top-down effects of tDCS on subcortical structures via prefrontal activation, and how spreading of activation might be different for healthy volunteers versus depressed patients. We also discuss the role of tDCS in cognitive amelioration for depressed patients. Finally, the distinct effects of tDCS in the "hot" cognition task for healthy and depressed participants are indicative that tDCS outcomes are also regulated by differences in baseline activity of the stimulated network.
Theta-burst stimulation: A new form of tms treatment for depression?$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common debilitating condition where only one third of patients achieve remission after the first antidepressant treatment. Inadequate efficacy and adverse effects of current treatment strategies call for more effective and tolerable treatment options. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive approach to manipulate brain activity and alter cortical excitability. There has been more than 15 years of research on the use of repetitive form of TMS (rTMS) for the treatment of patients with depression, which has shown it to be an effective antidepressant treatment. Even though rTMS treatment has shown efficacy in treating depression, there is a high degree of interindividual variability in response. A newer form of rTMS protocol, known as theta-burst stimulation (TBS), has been shown to produce similar if not greater effects on brain activity than standard rTMS. TBS protocols have a major advantage over standard rTMS approaches in their reduced administration duration. Conventional rTMS procedures last between 20 and 45 min, as compared to TBS paradigms that require 1 to 3 min of stimulation. Recently, a small number of studies have suggested that TBS has similar or better efficacy in treating depression compared to rTMS. Optimization, identification of response predictors, and clarification of neurobiological mechanisms of TBS is required if it is to be further developed as a less time intensive, safe, and effective treatment for MDD.
Bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ There has been concern regarding the use of controversial paradigms for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to manage treatment-resistant depression (TRD). This meta-analysis assessed the efficacy of bilateral rTMS compared with unilateral and sham rTMS in patients with TRD. PubMed, Embase, CENTRAL, PsycINFO, Web of Science, EAGLE and NTIS databases were searched to identify relevant studies, and randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on bilateral rTMS for TRD patients were included. The response was defined as the primary outcome, and remission was the secondary outcome. Ten RCTs that included 634 patients met the eligibility criteria. The risk ratio (RRs) of both the primary and secondary outcomes of bilateral rTMS showed non-significant increases compared to unilateral rTMS (RR=1.01, P=0.93; odds ratio [OR]=0.77, P=0.22). Notably, the RR of the primary bilateral rTMS outcome was significantly increased compared to that for sham rTMS (RR=3.43, P=0.0004). The results of our analysis demonstrated that bilateral rTMS was significantly more effective than sham rTMS but not unilateral rTMS in patients with TRD. Thus, bilateral rTMS may not be a useful paradigm for patients with TRD.
Depression and cognition in the elderly$$$ This review provides an overview of the relationship between depression and cognition in the elderly, with an emphasis on psychotherapies and nonpharmacologic approaches. We first review the clinical presentation of late-life depression and comorbid cognitive impairment, as well as the epidemiology and risk factors for cognitive impairment in late-life depression and the temporal relationship between depression and cognitive impairment. Next, we discuss the salient topic of elderly suicide and cognitive impairment. We then touch briefly on the neuropsychological deficits, biomarkers, and neuroimaging findings in late-life depression with comorbid cognitive impairment. We then focus most of this review on psychotherapies and nontraditional treatments for late-life depression with comorbid cognitive impairment and examine what evidence, if any, exists of the cognitive and functional benefits of these treatments. Finally, we examine the cognitive effects of pharmacologic treatments and brain stimulation therapies.
Current Concepts in the Treatment of Multiple System Atrophy$$$ MSA is a progressive neurodegenerative disorder characterized by autonomic failure and a variable combination of poor levodopa-responsive parkinsonism and cerebellar ataxia (CA). Current therapeutic management is based on symptomatic treatment. Almost one third of MSA patients may benefit from l-dopa for the symptomatic treatment of parkinsonism, whereas physiotherapy remains the best therapeutic option for CA. Only midodrine and droxidopa were found to be efficient for neurogenic hypotension in double-blind, controlled studies, whereas other symptoms of autonomic failure may be managed with off-label treatments. To date, no curative treatment is available for MSA. Recent results of neuroprotective and -restorative trials have provided some hope for future advances. Considerations for future clinical trials are also discussed in this review.
A randomised, double blind controlled trial of neuronavigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in anorexia nervosa$$$ Background: Anorexia nervosa (AN) is a serious disorder with a high mortality rate. It is associated with selfregulation difficulties such as negative emotionality surrounding eating and a morbid fear of fatness, leading to extreme food restriction and low body weight. In adults with AN, psychotherapies have poor remission rates and there is a lack of evidence and acceptability of pharmacotherapy. Therefore, there is a need to develop new treatments. Neural based models propose that an over-representation of 'bottom-up' limbic drives, in conjunction with excessive 'top-down' cognitive control contribute to the aetiopathogenesis of AN. The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a core component of this altered fronto-striatal circuitry and modulation of the DLPFC with repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), a form of non-invasive neuromodulation, has demonstrated therapeutic efficacy in other neuro-circuit based disorders (e.g. depression). Preliminary results suggest that rTMS to the DLPFC improves symptoms in AN [1, 2]. Moreover, there is a need to identify biomarkers of response to neuromodulation [3]. Two potential mechanisms are that rTMS alters the excessive self-control in AN and/or modulates activity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis. Therefore, we have conducted a randomised controlled trial (RCT) in order to investigate (a) whether highfrequency rTMS to the left DLPFC transiently reduces core symptoms of AN, (b) potential biomarkers of its effects (via intertemporal choice behaviour and salivary cortisol concentrations), and (c) the safety, tolerability and acceptability of rTMS in AN. Methods: Sixty individuals with AN were randomly assigned to receive one session of real or sham neuronavigated, high-frequency rTMS to the left DLPFC, using a double-blind design. The primary outcome was a core AN symptom variable derived from combining subjective AN-related experiences (urge to restrict, levels of feeling full and feeling fat). The effects of rTMS on other symptoms (e.g. mood, anxiety) and food preferences were also assessed. Intertemporal decision making (i.e. the preference for smaller, immediate or larger, delayed rewards) was assessed via a temporal discounting (TD) task and salivary cortisol concentrations were measured. Cardiac safety, tolerability and acceptability of rTMS were also examined. Results: Mixed ANOVA analyses indicate that in individuals receiving real rTMS, there was a statistical trend (p = 0.056) towards reduced AN symptoms. These symptom improvements were not accompanied by improvements in mood. An unexpected, significant increase in the liking of specific foods (e.g. biscuits) was also reported following real rTMS. In regards to TD behaviour, real rTMS significantly increased preferences for larger, delayed rewards, whilst sham rTMS did not alter TD. Salivary cortisol concentrations remained unchanged by rTMS, which was safe and well tolerated. Conclusions: High-frequency rTMS to the left DLPFC has potential in temporarily reducing the core symptoms of AN. Moreover, rTMS led to an increase in the liking of certain foods, which also has significant clinical implications. Since TD was altered following the rTMS, modulation of the neural correlates of self-control may contribute to the therapeutic effects of rTMS within this patient population. Importantly, rTMS was safe, tolerable and regarded as an acceptable form of treatment in AN.
Neuromodulation for mood and memory: From the engineering bench to the patient bedside$$$ Brain stimulation, in the form of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), has long been a gold standard treatment for depression, but today, the field of neuromodulation is rapidly changing with the advent of newer and more precise tools to alter neuroplasticity and to treat brain-based disorders. Now there are new means to induce focal seizures, as with magnetic seizure therapy (MST), or modifications to ECT. There are also surgical approaches to target brain circuits via implanted stimulators placed in the brain or on cranial nerves. Finally, there are noninvasive subconvulsive approaches for the transcranial application of either electric or magnetic fields. Collectively, these tools have transformed the face of neurotherapeutics and informed our understanding of the brain basis of complex neurobehavioral conditions.
Exercise and severe major depression: Effect on symptom severity and quality of life at discharge in an inpatient cohort$$$ Background: Exercise is a potential treatment for depression. However, few studies have evaluated the role of adjunct exercise in the treatment of severely major depressed inpatients. The goal of this study was to evaluate the effects of add-on exercise on the usual treatment of severely depressed inpatients. Methods: Fifty participants were randomized to an exercise (exercise+usual treatment) or a control (usual treatment) group. Twenty-five patients were randomly allocated to each group. The participants in the exercise group performed three sessions per week throughout the hospitalization period, with a goal dose of 16.5kcal/kg/week plus the usual pharmacological treatment. Depressive symptoms and the Quality of Life (QoL) of the participants were assessed at the baseline, the second week, and discharge. Results: A significant group×time interaction was found for depressive symptoms and the physical and psychological domains of QoL. Differences between groups occurred at the second week and discharge with respect to depressive symptoms and the physical and psychological domains of QoL. There was no difference in the remission rate at discharge (48% and 32% for the exercise and control group, respectively). An NNT of 6.25 was found. No significant baseline characteristics predict remission at discharge. Conclusion: Add-on exercise is an efficacious treatment for severely depressed inpatients, improving their depressive symptoms and QoL. Initial acceptance of exercise remains a challenge.
Transcranial direct current stimulation on primary sensorimotor area has no effect in patients with drug-naïve restless legs syndrome: A proof-of-concept clinical trial$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in people with drug-naïve restless legs syndrome (RLS). Methods: A two-week, double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial was performed. Thirty-three females with RLS were recruited. Participants received five sessions of tDCS using cathodal, anodal or sham stimulation. They were assessed at baseline (T0), three days (T1) and 13 days (T2) after the end of tDCS. Primary outcomes included the International RLS Group Rating Scale (IRLS) and the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement (CGI-I). Secondary outcomes included the Patient Global Impression scale, the Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, the Medical Outcome Study sleep subscales, and the Beck Depression Inventory. Objective neurophysiological changes were assessed using event-related desynchronization/synchronization (ERD/ERS) of electroencephalography. Results: The changes in the IRLS scores, as well as the responder rate in the CGI-I scale, did not differ significantly among the groups. There was also no significant difference in any of the secondary outcome measures and ERD/ERS among the groups. Conclusions: Transcranial direct current stimulation with electrodes on the sensorimotor areas showed no significant effect in people with drug-naïve RLS.
Augmentative repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in the acute treatment of poor responder depressed patients: A comparison study between high and low frequency stimulation$$$ Background: While the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is well established, the debate is still open in relation to bipolar depression and to a possible different effectiveness of high vs. low stimulation. The present study was aimed to assess and compare the efficacy and tolerability of different protocols of augmentative rTMS in a sample of patients with current Major Depressive Episode (MDE), poor drug response/treatment resistance and a diagnosis of MDD or bipolar disorder. Methods: Thirty-three patients were recruited in a 4-week, blind-rater, rTMS trial and randomised to the following three groups of stimulation: (1) ( n= 10) right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) 1 HZ, 110% of the motor threshold (MT), 420 stimuli/day; (2) ( n= 10) right DLPFC, 1. Hz, 110% MT, 900 stimuli/day; (3) ( n= 13) left DLPFC, 10. Hz, 80% MT, 750 stimuli/day. Results: Twenty-nine patients completed the treatment, showing a significant reduction of primary outcome measures (HAM-D, MADRS and CGI-S total scores: t= 8.1, P<. 0.001; t= 8.6, P<. 0.001; t= 4.6, P<. 0.001 respectively). No significant differences in terms of efficacy and tolerability were found between high vs. low frequency and between unipolar and bipolar patients. Side effects were reported by 21% of the sample. One of the 4 dropouts was caused by a hypomanic switch. Conclusions: Augmentative rTMS appeared to be effective and well tolerated for the acute treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression with features of poor drug response/treatment resistance, showing a comparable effectiveness profile between protocols of high and low frequency stimulation.
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for biological treatment of unipolar depressive disorders. part 2: Maintenance treatment of major depressive disorder-update 2015$$$ These guidelines for the treatment of unipolar depressive disorders systematically review available evidence pertaining to the biological treatment of patients with major depression and produce a series of practice recommendations that are clinically and scientifically meaningful based on the available evidence. These guidelines are intended for use by all physicians assessing and treating patients with these conditions. The relevant data have been extracted primarily from various treatment guidelines and panels for depressive disorders, as well as from meta-analyses/reviews on the efficacy of antidepressant medications and other biological treatment interventions identified by a search of the MEDLINE database and Cochrane Library. The identified literature was evaluated with respect to the strength of evidence for its efficacy and was then categorized into five levels of evidence (CE A-F) and five levels of recommendation grades (RG 1-5). This second part of the WFSBP guidelines on depressive disorders covers the management of the maintenance phase treatment, and is primarily concerned with the biological treatment (including pharmacological and hormonal medications, electroconvulsive therapy and other brain stimulation treatments) of adults and also, albeit to a lesser extent, children, adolescents and older adults.
Opioids for chronic noncancer pain: Still no evidence for superiority of sustained-release opioids$$$ Opioids are controversial in the treatment of chronic pain due to the risk of addiction, misuse, and death. Long-acting formulations of opioids have been hypothesized to improve pain relief, sleep quality, and lower the risk of side effects and addiction compared to short-acting formulations of opioids. Thus, several guidelines have recommended the use of long-acting opioid formulations over short-acting ones in the treatment of chronic noncancer pain. However, is there really evidence of their superiority?
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in complex regional pain syndrome of stroke patients$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex is effective in the treatment of chronic pain patients. However, the available evidence on the analgesic effect for complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) type I is limited. We evaluated the add-on effects of rTMS to pharmacologic therapy in stroke patients with CRPS. Methods: Eighteen patients were randomly allocated into one of two groups to receive real (a total of 2,500 pulses delivering 10-second trains of 10 Hz with 110% intensity of motor threshold) or sham rTMS daily for 10 consecutive days. Patients were evaluated using the visual analog scale (VAS), the McGill Pain Questionnaire (MPQ) and the Health Survery-36 (SF- 36) and Hamilton rating scale for depression (HAM-D) at baseline, 10th treatment sessions, 2 weeks and 1 month after last session. Results: Pain score, mood, disability, and QOL were not significantly different at baseline between two groups. After the 10th treatment sessions, we observed the highest reduction in the VAS scores of real rTMS group, mean reduction of 4.5 (53.7%), compared to 2.3 (27.4%) in the VAS scores of sham rTMS group. VAS score reduction was correlated to the improvement of MPQ, SF-36, and HAM-D. After the last session, the amount of pain reduction decreased but the effect persisted up to 1 month later. Conclusions: The results demonstrate that 10 rTMS sessions over the motor cortex can induce at least 1 month sustained pain relief in stroke patients with CRPS. However, further research is needed to understand this mechanism and the most efficacious stimulation protocol.
Propofol inhibits inflammatory cytokine-mediated glutamate uptake dysfunction to alleviate learning/memory impairment in depressed rats undergoing electroconvulsive shock$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for major depression, but can result in memory impairment. Several studies have shown that anesthetic propofol can alleviate the impairment of memory induced by ECT. However, the underlying molecular mechanisms remain unclear. We aimed to investigate the effects of propofol and electroconvulsive shock (ECS, analog of ECT in animals) on hippocampal inflammatory cytokines and glutamate uptake in depressed rats. The chronic unpredictable mild stress (CUMS) procedure was adopted to establish a model of depression. Sixty adult Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into 5 groups with the following assignments (n=12 for each group): group C: control group without treatment; group D: CUMS+sham ECS; group DE: CUMS+ECS; group DP: CUMS+propofol (80 mg/kg, i.p.); group DPE: CUMS+propofol (80 mg/kg, i.p.)+ECS. Sucrose preference test and Morris water maze were used to assess behavioral changes. Hippocampal glutamate levels were measured with high performance liquid chromatography and the expression levels of IL-1β, TNF-α, GLAST and GLT-1 was quantificational analyzed by real time PCR or Western Blotting. The results demonstrated that ECS increased the levels of IL-1β and TNF-α, down-regulated the expression of GLT-1, GLAST expression remains stable, heightened the concentration of glutamate in the hippocampus and aggravated learning and memory impairment of depressed rats. Propofol suppressed IL-1β and TNF-α production, up-regulated the expression of GLT-1, decreased the concentration of glutamate in the hippocampus and attenuated the impairment of learning and memory induced by ECS. Propofol alleviate the learning and memory impairment induced by ECS could be partly attributed to its anti-inflammatory effects. This article is part of a Special Issue entitled Brain and Memory.
Assessment of non-BDNF neurotrophins and GDNF levels after depression treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation in a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial (SELECT-TDCS): An exploratory analysis.$$$ The neurotrophic hypothesis of depression states that the major depressive episode is associated with lower neurotrophic factors levels, which increase with amelioration of depressive symptoms. However, this hypothesis has not been extended to investigate neurotrophic factors other than the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). We therefore explored whether plasma levels of neurotrophins 3 (NT-3) and 4 (NT-4), nerve growth factor (NGF) and glial cell line derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) changed after antidepressant treatment and correlated with treatment response. Seventy-three patients with moderate-to-severe, antidepressant-free unipolar depression were assigned to a pharmacological (sertraline) and a non-pharmacological (transcranial direct current stimulation, tDCS) intervention in a randomized, 2. ×. 2, placebo-controlled design. The plasma levels of NT-3, NT-4, NGF and GDNF were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay before and after a 6-week treatment course and analyzed according to clinical response and allocation group. We found that tDCS and sertraline (separately and combined) produced significant improvement in depressive symptoms. Plasma levels of all neurotrophic factors were similar across groups at baseline and remained significantly unchanged regardless of the intervention and of clinical response. Also, baseline plasma levels were not associated with clinical response. To conclude, in this 6-week placebo-controlled trial, NT-3, NT-4, NGF and GDNF plasma levels did not significantly change with sertraline or tDCS. These data suggest that these neurotrophic factors are not surrogate biomarkers of treatment response or involved in the antidepressant mechanisms of tDCS. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Assessment of non-BDNF neurotrophins and GDNF levels after depression treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation in a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial (SELECT-TDCS): An exploratory analysis.$$$ The neurotrophic hypothesis of depression states that the major depressive episode is associated with lower neurotrophic factors levels, which increase with amelioration of depressive symptoms. However, this hypothesis has not been extended to investigate neurotrophic factors other than the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). We therefore explored whether plasma levels of neurotrophins 3 (NT-3) and 4 (NT-4), nerve growth factor (NGF) and glial cell line derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) changed after antidepressant treatment and correlated with treatment response. Seventy-three patients with moderate-to-severe, antidepressant-free unipolar depression were assigned to a pharmacological (sertraline) and a non-pharmacological (transcranial direct current stimulation, tDCS) intervention in a randomized, 2. ×. 2, placebo-controlled design. The plasma levels of NT-3, NT-4, NGF and GDNF were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay before and after a 6-week treatment course and analyzed according to clinical response and allocation group. We found that tDCS and sertraline (separately and combined) produced significant improvement in depressive symptoms. Plasma levels of all neurotrophic factors were similar across groups at baseline and remained significantly unchanged regardless of the intervention and of clinical response. Also, baseline plasma levels were not associated with clinical response. To conclude, in this 6-week placebo-controlled trial, NT-3, NT-4, NGF and GDNF plasma levels did not significantly change with sertraline or tDCS. These data suggest that these neurotrophic factors are not surrogate biomarkers of treatment response or involved in the antidepressant mechanisms of tDCS.
Assessment of non-BDNF neurotrophins and GDNF levels after depression treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation in a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial (SELECT-TDCS): an exploratory analysis$$$ The neurotrophic hypothesis of depression states that the major depressive episode is associated with lower neurotrophic factors levels, which increase with amelioration of depressive symptoms. However, this hypothesis has not been extended to investigate neurotrophic factors other than the brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF). We therefore explored whether plasma levels of neurotrophins 3 (NT-3) and 4 (NT-4), nerve growth factor (NGF) and glial cell line derived neurotrophic factor (GDNF) changed after antidepressant treatment and correlated with treatment response. Seventy-three patients with moderate-to-severe, antidepressant-free unipolar depression were assigned to a pharmacological (sertraline) and a non-pharmacological (transcranial direct current stimulation, tDCS) intervention in a randomized, 2 × 2, placebo-controlled design. The plasma levels of NT-3, NT-4, NGF and GDNF were determined by enzyme-linked immunosorbent assay before and after a 6-week treatment course and analyzed according to clinical response and allocation group. We found that tDCS and sertraline (separately and combined) produced significant improvement in depressive symptoms. Plasma levels of all neurotrophic factors were similar across groups at baseline and remained significantly unchanged regardless of the intervention and of clinical response. Also, baseline plasma levels were not associated with clinical response. To conclude, in this 6-week placebo-controlled trial, NT-3, NT-4, NGF and GDNF plasma levels did not significantly change with sertraline or tDCS. These data suggest that these neurotrophic factors are not surrogate biomarkers of treatment response or involved in the antidepressant mechanisms of tDCS.
The Effect of Methylnaltrexone on the Side Effects of Intrathecal Morphine after Orthopedic Surgery under Spinal Anesthesia$$$ Methylnaltrexone is a peripheral opioid receptor antagonist that does not cross the blood-brain barrier; so without interference with pain relief, it could reverse the peripheral opioid side effects such as constipation, pruritus, postoperative ileus, and urinary retention. This study has been designed to evaluate the effect of methylnaltrexone on postoperative side effects of intrathecal morphine. In seventy-two 18- to 55-year-old patients scheduled for elective orthopedic operations under spinal anesthesia, neuraxial blockade was achieved using 10 mg 0.5% hyperbaric bupivacaine and 0.1 mg preservative-free morphine sulfate. The first group (M) received 12 mg methylnaltrexone, while the second group (P) received normal saline, subcutaneously, immediately after spinal block in a randomized, double-blind fashion. There was a significant decrease in the rate of nausea and vomiting in group M, but there was no significant difference in the rate of pruritus or urinary retention between the two groups. Pain score was significantly lower in group M. Respiratory depression or decreased level of consciousness was not reported in any patient. Subcutaneous administration of methylnaltrexone was not effective in decreasing postoperative urinary retention and pruritus, but lowered the rate of nausea and vomiting and pain score after intrathecal bupivacaine and morphine.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of chronic widespread pain$$$ Objective Our objective was to assess transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of chronic widespread pain. Methods Nineteen participants were randomized into 2 groups: one group receiving active TMS (n = 7) and another group receiving sham stimulation (n = 11) applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. During sham stimulation, subjects heard a sound similar to the sound heard by those receiving the active treatment and received an active electrical stimulus to the scalp. The stimulation protocol consisted of 15 sessions completed within a 4-week period. Blind assessments were done at baseline and after each 5 sessions followed by blind assessments at 1 week, 1 month, and 3 months after the last TMS sessions. The primary outcome variable was a pain measure, the Gracely Box Intensity Scale (BIRS). Results The percentage of subjects who guessed that they were receiving TMS was similar in the 2 groups. Both the TMS group and the sham group showed a statistically significant reduction in the BIRS scores from baseline during the acute phase of treatment and the follow-up phase. However, the TMS and sham groups did not differ in the change in the BIRS scores. Discussion Although some previous clinical studies and basic science studies of TMS in treating pain are promising, this study found no difference in the analgesic effect of TMS and sham stimulation. Future studies should use a sham condition that attempts to simulate the sound and sensation of the TMS stimulation. Stimulus location and other stimulus parameters should be explored in future studies.
Preliminary assessment of the therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (cTBS) in major depression: A double-blind sham-controlled study$$$ Background Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) has been shown to induce potent and long lasting effects on cortical excitability. In a previous open study, we demonstrated safety, tolerability and antidepressant properties of continuous TBS (cTBS) in major depression (MD). The present study was aimed to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of cTBS in depressed patients using a double-blind, sham-controlled design.
Depression among older adults with diabetes mellitus$$$ Older adults with Diabetes Mellitus (DM) experience greater risk for comorbid depression compared to those who do not have DM. Undetected, untreated or under-treated depression impinges an individual's ability to manage their DM successfully, hinders their adherence to treatment regime, and undermines provider-patient relationships. Thus, in the context of caring for older adults with DM, comorbid depression presents special challenges and opportunities for clinicians. In this article, we summarize the clinical presentation of late-life depression, potential mechanisms of comorbidity of depression and DM, importance of depression in the successful management of DM, and available best practice models for depression treatment.
Comparison of propofol, etomidate, and thiopental in anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized, double-blind clinical trial$$$ Objectives: This study aimed to compare the effects of propofol, thiopental, and etomidate, which are routinely used in anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), on the cardiovascular system, seizure variables, recovery, cognitive functions, and response to treatment. Methods: Male patients hospitalized at the Seventh Psychiatry Clinics of the Bakýrköy Teaching Hospital for Psychiatry, Neurology, and Neurosurgery who were treated with ECTwere investigated prospectively. The effects on cardiovascular system parameters (heart rate, blood pressure, and blood oxygenation), seizure variables (duration and intensity of seizure), and recovery variables were recorded at every session, on prespecified time points, and the findings of the first session were used in this evaluation. In addition, clinical responses to treatment were evaluated with tests of cognitive functions before and after a course of ECT. Adverse effects were recorded. Results: The sociodemographic characteristics of the 3 treatment groups were similar. There were no significant differences among the groups in terms of effects on cardiovascular system variables, seizure variables, and cognitive functions. The clinical response to ECTwas good in all groups, without any significant differences. Conclusions: Propofol, etomidate, and thiopental are associated with similar safety and efficacy profiles.
The ACDC pilot trial: Targeting the anterior cingulate by double cone coil rTMS for the treatment of depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral-prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) with conventional figure-of-8 (=butterfly) coils has been used as an antidepressant therapeutic tool for almost twenty years. Very recently, an innovative rTMS coil, the so-called double cone coil (DC), was introduced allowing the modulation of the anterior cingulate cortex (AC). We investigated safety and therapeutic effectiveness of this stimulation in a naturalistic clinical setting. Method: Forty-five patients suffering a moderate to severe depressive episode were randomized to receive 15 sessions of either conventional rTMS of the left DLPFC ("butterfly-rTMS"; 10 Hz; 2000 stimuli/day, RMT 110%), mediofrontal double cone coil stimulation of the anterior cingulate cortex ("ACDC-rTMS" with equal parameters), or sham-stimulation. The primary outcome was the change in the 21-items Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD) from baseline to the end of treatment. Secondary outcome measures were changes over the course of the trial regarding the HAMD, the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Clinical Global Impression (CGI) and the Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF) scales. Results: There was a significant group × time interaction effect regarding the primary outcome (F = 3.269; df = 2,37; P = 0.049). Post-hoc t-testing revealed a significant effect for the comparison ACDC vs. butterfly at week 3/end of treatment (T = 2.646; df = 26; P = 0.014). No severe adverse events occurred during the study. ACDC-stimulation was well tolerated by the majority of patients similar like butterfly-rTMS and sham-stimulation. Conclusion: This pilot study demonstrated the feasibility of ACDC-rTMS-stimulation as an add-on-treatment for depression. Its clinical effects warrant further investigation in the future.
Uncertainty quantification in transcranial magnetic stimulation via high-dimensional model representation$$$ A computational framework for uncertainty quantification in transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is presented. The framework leverages high-dimensional model representations (HDMRs), which approximate observables (i.e., quantities of interest such as electric (E) fields induced inside targeted cortical regions) via series of iteratively constructed component functions involving only the most significant random variables (i.e., parameters that characterize the uncertainty in a TMS setup such as the position and orientation of TMS coils, as well as the size, shape, and conductivity of the head tissue). The component functions of HDMR expansions are approximated via a multielement probabilistic collocation (ME-PC) method. While approximating each component function, a quasi-static finite-difference simulator is used to compute observables at integration/collocation points dictated by the ME-PC method. The proposed framework requires far fewer simulations than traditional Monte Carlo methods for providing highly accurate statistical information (e.g., the mean and standard deviation) about the observables. The efficiency and accuracy of the proposed framework are demonstrated via its application to the statistical characterization of E-fields generated by TMS inside cortical regions of an MRI-derived realistic head model. Numerical results show that while uncertainties in tissue conductivities have negligible effects on TMS operation, variations in coil position/orientation and brain size significantly affect the induced E-fields. Our numerical results have several implications for the use of TMS during depression therapy: 1) uncertainty in the coil position and orientation may reduce the response rates of patients; 2) practitioners should favor targets on the crest of a gyrus to obtain maximal stimulation; and 3) an increasing scalp-to-cortex distance reduces the magnitude of E-fields on the surface and inside the cortex.
Noninvasive brain stimulation for persistent postconcussion symptoms in mild traumatic brain injury$$$ Mild traumatic brain injury (mTBI) is typically followed by various postconcussive symptoms (PCS), including headache, depression, and cognitive deficits. In 15-25% of cases, PCS persists beyond the usual 3-month recovery period, interfering with activities of daily living and responding poorly to pharmacotherapy. We tested the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for alleviating PCS. Fifteen eligible patients with mTBI and PCS>3 months postinjury consented to 20 sessions of rTMS (205-sec trains; 10Hz at 110% threshold), with clinical and functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) assessments before and after intervention and clinical assessment at 3-month follow-up. Primary outcomes were tolerability, safety, and efficacy, as measured with the PCS Scale. Secondary outcomes included the Cognitive Symptoms Questionnaire, neuropsychological test performance, and working memory task-associated activity as assessed with fMRI. Twelve patients completed all sessions. Three withdrew because of worsening symptoms or for an unrelated event. Stimulation intensity was increased gradually across sessions, and all subjects tolerated the protocol by the sixth session. Commonly reported side effects among completers were increased headache (n=3) and greater sleep disturbance (n=3). Participants also reported positive outcomes such as less sleep disturbance (n=3), and better mental focus (n=3). On average, PCS scores declined by 14.6 points (p=0.009) and fMRI task-related activation peaks in the DLPFC increased after rTMS. rTMS is safe, tolerated by most patients with mTBI, and associated with both a reduction in severity of PCS and an increase in task-related activations in DLPFC. Assessment of this intervention in a randomized, control trial is warranted.
Treatment-resistant bipolar depression: A randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy versus algorithm-based pharmacological treatment$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is regarded by many clinicians as themost effective treatment for treatmentresistant bipolar depression, but no randomized controlled trials have been conducted, to the authors' knowledge. They compared efficacy measures of ECT and algorithm-based pharmacological treatment in treatment-resistant bipolar depression. Method: This multicenter, randomized controlled trial was carried out at seven acute-care psychiatric inpatient clinics throughout Norway and included 73 bipolar disorder patients with treatment-resistant depression. The patients were randomly assigned to receive either ECT or algorithmbased pharmacological treatment. ECT included three sessions per week for up to 6 weeks, right unilateral placement of stimulus electrodes, and brief pulse stimulation. Results: Linear mixed-effects modeling analysis revealed that ECT was significantly more effective than algorithmbased pharmacological treatment. The mean scores at the end of the 6-week treatment period were lower for the ECT group than for the pharmacological treatment group: by 6.6 points on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (SE=2.05, 95% CI=2.5- 10.6), by 9.4 points on the 30-item version of the Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology - Clinician-Rated (SE=2.49, 95% CI=4.6 - 14.3), and by 0.7 points on the Clinical Global Impression for Bipolar Disorder (SE=0.31, 95% CI=0.13-1.36). The response rate was signi fi cantly higher in the ECT group than in the group that received algorithm-based pharmacological treatment (73.9% versus 35.0%), but the remission rate did not differ between the groups (34.8% versus 30.0%). Conclusion: Remission rates remained modest regardless of treatment choice for this challenging clinical condition.
Speed of remission in elderly patients with depression: Electroconvulsive therapy V. medication$$$ Background Severe depression can be a life-threatening disorder, especially in elderly patients. A fast-acting treatment is crucial for this group. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) may work faster than medication.
Bilateral prefrontal rTMS and theta burst TMS as an add-on treatment for depression: A randomized placebo controlled trial$$$ Objectives. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral-prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) exerts antidepressant effects. In this randomised controlled clinical trial we aimed to test the safety and therapeutic efficacy of bilateral theta-burst stimulation (TBS) as an add-on therapy to standard treatment of major depression. Methods. Fifty-six patients diagnosed with a moderate to severe depressive episode received 15 daily treatments of either rTMS (110% motor-threshold; rightDLPFC, 1000 stimuli at 1 Hz + leftDLPFC, 1000 stimuli at 10 Hz), theta-burst stimulation (80% motor-threshold; rightDLPFC, continuous TBS, 1200 stimuli + leftDLPFC, intermittent TBS, 1200 stimuli), or sham TMS (N = 17, sham coil with the TBS protocol). Results. There was no significant effect in the primary outcome measures (change of the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression). However, there was a tendency towards an increased responder rate at the end of the follow-up period for both active treatments as compared to sham, and this tendency was most pronounced for the TBS group. Conclusions. This pilot study did not reveal significant advantages of bilateral TBS or rTMS over sham treatment as an add-on treatment for major depression. A tendency towards a superior effect of bilateral TBS at the end of the follow-up period may warrant further studies.
Critical Analysis of the Efficacy of Meditation Therapies for Acute and Subacute Phase Treatment of Depressive Disorders: A Systematic Review$$$ Background: Recently, the application of meditative practices to the treatment of depressive disorders has met with increasing clinical and scientific interest, owing to a lower side-effect burden, potential reduction of polypharmacy, and theoretical considerations that such interventions may target some of the cognitive roots of depression. Objective: We aimed to determine the state of the evidence supporting this application. Methods: Randomized controlled trials of techniques meeting the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality definition of meditation, for participants having clinically diagnosed depressive disorders, not currently in remission, were selected. Meditation therapies were separated into praxis (i.e., how they were applied) components, and trial outcomes were reviewed. Results: 18 studies meeting the inclusion criteria were identified, encompassing 7 distinct techniques and 1173 patients. Mindfulness-Based Cognitive Therapy comprised the largest proportion of studies. Studies including patients having acute major depressive episodes (. n = 10 studies), and those with residual subacute clinical symptoms despite initial treatment (. n = 8), demonstrated moderate to large reductions in depression symptoms within the group, and relative to control groups. There was significant heterogeneity of techniques and trial designs. Conclusions: A substantial body of evidence indicates that meditation therapies may have salutary effects on patients having clinical depressive disorders during the acute and subacute phases of treatment. Owing to methodologic deficiencies and trial heterogeneity, large-scale, randomized controlled trials with well-described comparator interventions and measures of expectation are needed to clarify the role of meditation in the depression treatment armamentarium.
Update on Huntington's disease: Advances in care and emerging therapeutic options$$$ Introduction: Huntington's disease (HD) is the most common hereditary neurodegenerative disorder. Despite the fact that both the gene and the mutation causing this monogenetic disorder were identified more than 20 years ago, disease-modifying therapies for HD have not yet been established. Review: While intense preclinical research and large cohort studies in HD have laid foundations for tangible improvements in understanding HD and caring for HD patients, identifying targets for therapeutic interventions and developing novel therapeutic modalities (new chemical entities and advanced therapies using DNA and RNA molecules as therapeutic agents) continues to be an ongoing process. The authors review recent achievements in HD research and focus on approaches towards disease-modifying therapies, ranging from huntingtin-lowering strategies to improving huntingtin clearance that may be promoted by posttranslational HTT modifications. Conclusion: The nature and number of upcoming clinical studies/trials in HD is a reason for hope for HD patients and their families.
Further improving the cognitive effect profile of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): The case for studying carbamylated erythropoietin$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains the most effective acute treatment for severe depression and several other psychiatric illnesses. However, its use has been limited by concerns about cognitive adverse effects. ECT may cause temporary cognitive impairment in some patients, typically anterograde amnesia for 1-2. weeks after a course of treatment, and circumscribed retrograde amnesia. These cognitive effects largely disappear within days to weeks after treatment. Efforts to find a pharmacological agent to reduce the cognitive effects of ECT have largely been unsuccessful, with the possible exception of thyroid hormone. We review the literature on pharmacological attempts to attenuate ECT's cognitive effects, and propose a novel neuroprotective and neurotrophic agent, carbamylated erythropoietin (CEPO), for this indication.
Evaluation of etomidate for seizure duration in electroconvulsive therapy a systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ The optimum induction agent for anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been long debated. Ideal agent should be short acting with minimal suppression of seizure potentials. Recent studies have suggested longer seizure duration with etomidate in comparison to propofol, thiopental, and methohexital. The aim of the present meta-analysis was to pool data available from studies comparing systematically the efficacy of etomidate against other induction agents in terms of seizure duration (both electroencephalography (EEG) and motor). Methods: We searched the PubMed, Embase, and Cochrane registry for trials evaluating etomidate against methohexital, propofol, or thiopental for duration of EEG or motor seizure in patients undergoing ECT. Specific adverse effects reported were also identified. Results: Seventeen trials were identified involving 704, 84, 2491, and 258 setting of ECTusing etomidate, methohexital, thiopental, and propofol, respectively. In the etomidate group, pooled EEG seizure duration was longer by 2.23 seconds (95% confidence interval [CI], -3.62 to 8.01; P = 0.456) than methohexital, longer by 17.65 seconds (95% CI, 9.72- 25.57; P < 0.001) than propofol, and longer by 11.81 seconds (95% CI, 4.26-19.35; P = 0.003) than thiopental. Pooled motor seizure duration was longer in etomidate group by 1.45 seconds (95% CI, -4.79 to 7.69; P = 0.649) than methohexital, longer by 11.13 seconds (95% CI, 6.64- 15.62; P < 0.001) than propofol, and longer by 3.60 seconds (95% CI, 2.15-5.06; P < 0.001) than thiopental. Myoclonus (6 trials) and painful injection (4 trials) were commonest adverse effects with etomidate. Conclusions: Etomidate is clearly better in terms of seizure duration potential (both motor and EEG) than propofol and thiopental. Superiority/ inferiority over methohexital could not be demonstrated with the presently available literature.
RTMS of the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex for major depression: Safety, tolerability, effectiveness, and outcome predictors for 10 Hz versus intermittent theta-burst stimulation$$$ Background: Conventional rTMS protocols for major depression commonly employ stimulation sessions lasting >30 min. However, recent studies have sought to improve costs, capacities, and outcomes by employing briefer protocols such as theta burst stimulation (iTBS). Objective: To compare safety, effectiveness, and outcome predictors for DMPFC-rTMS with 10 Hz (30 min) versus iTBS (6 min) protocols, in a large, naturalistic, retrospective case series. Methods: A chart review identified 185 patients with a medication-resistant major depressive episode who underwent 20-30 sessions of DMPFC-rTMS (10 Hz, n = 98; iTBS, n = 87) at a single Canadian clinic from 2011 to 2014. Results: Clinical characteristics of 10 Hz and iTBS patients did not differ prior to treatment, aside from significantly higher age in iTBS patients. A total 7912 runs of DMPFC-rTMS (10 Hz, 4274; iTBS, 3638) were administered, without any seizures or other serious adverse events, and no significant differences in rates of premature discontinuation between groups. Dichotomous outcomes did not differ significantly between groups (Response/remission rates: Beck Depression Inventory-II: 10 Hz, 40.6%/29.2%; iTBS, 43.0%/31.0%. 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression: 10 Hz, 50.6%/38.5%; iTBS, 48.5%/27.9%). On continuous outcomes, there was no significant difference between groups in pre-treatment or post-treatment scores, or percent improvement on either measure. Mixed-effects modeling revealed no significant group-by-time interaction on either measure. Conclusions: Both 10 Hz and iTBS DMPFC-rTMS appear safe and tolerable at 120% resting motor threshold. The effectiveness of 6 min iTBS and 30 min 10 Hz protocols appears comparable. Randomized trials comparing 10 Hz to iTBS may be warranted.
Efficacy and safety of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: A prospective multicenter randomized controlled trial$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a prevalent and disabling condition, and many patients do not respond to available treatments. Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (dTMS) is a new technology allowing non-surgical stimulation of relatively deep brain areas. This is the first double-blind randomized controlled multicenter study evaluating the efficacy and safety of dTMS in MDD. We recruited 212 MDD outpatients, aged 22-68 years, who had either failed one to four antidepressant trials or not tolerated at least two antidepressant treatments during the current episode. They were randomly assigned to monotherapy with active or sham dTMS. Twenty sessions of dTMS (18 Hz over the prefrontal cortex) were applied during 4 weeks acutely, and then biweekly for 12 weeks. Primary and secondary efficacy endpoints were the change in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-21) score and response/remission rates at week 5, respectively. dTMS induced a 6.39 point improvement in HDRS-21 scores, while a 3.28 point improvement was observed in the sham group (p=0.008), resulting in a 0.76 effect size. Response and remission rates were higher in the dTMS than in the sham group (response: 38.4 vs. 21.4%, p=0.013; remission: 32.6 vs. 14.6%, p=0.005). These differences between active and sham treatment were stable during the 12-week maintenance phase. dTMS was associated with few and minor side effects apart from one seizure in a patient where a protocol violation occurred. These results suggest that dTMS constitutes a novel intervention in MDD, which is efficacious and safe in patients not responding to antidepressant medications, and whose effect remains stable over 3 months of maintenance treatment.
Neuropsychiatric disturbances associated with traumatic brain injury: A practical approach to evaluation and management$$$ Traumatic brain injury (TBI) causes a wide variety of neuropsychiatric disturbances associated with great functional impairments and low quality of life. These disturbances include disorders of mood, behavior, and cognition, and changes in personality. The diagnosis of specific neuropsychiatric disturbances can be difficult because there is significant symptom overlap. Systematic clinical evaluations are necessary to make the diagnosis and formulate a treatment plan that often requires a multipronged approach. Management of TBI-associated neuropsychiatric disorders should always include nonpharmacological interventions, including education, family involvement, supportive and behavioral psychotherapies, and cognitive rehabilitation. Pharmacological treatments include antidepressants, anticonvulsants, antipsychotics, dopaminergic agents, and cholinesterase inhibitors. However, evidence-based treatments are extremely limited, and management relies on clinical empiricism and resemblance of TBI neuropsychiatric symptom profiles with those of idiopathic psychiatric disorders. Although the understanding of TBI-associated neuropsychiatric disorders has improved in the last decade, further research is needed including prospective, longitudinal studies to explore biomarkers that will assist with management and prognosis as well as randomized-controlled studies to validate pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatments. The current review summarizes the available literature in support of a structured, systematic evaluation approach and treatment options as well as recommendations for further research directions.
Analgesic efficacy of cerebral and peripheral electrical stimulation in chronic nonspecific low back pain: A randomized, double-blind, factorial clinical trial$$$ Background: Chronic non-specific low back pain is a major socioeconomic public health issue worldwide and, despite the volume of research in the area, it is still a difficult-to-treat condition. The conservative analgesic therapy usually comprises a variety of pharmacological and non-pharmacological strategies, such as transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation. The neuromatrix pain model and the new findings on the process of chronicity of pain point to a higher effectiveness of treatments that address central rather than peripheral structures. The transcranial direct current stimulation is a noninvasive technique of neuromodulation that has made recent advances in the treatment of chronic pain. The simultaneous combination of these two electrostimulation techniques (cerebral and peripheral) can provide an analgesic effect superior to isolated interventions. However, all the evidence on the analgesic efficacy of these techniques, alone or combined, is still fragmented. This is a protocol for a randomized clinical trial to investigate whether cerebral electrical stimulation combined with peripheral electrical stimulation is more effective in relieving pain than the isolated application of electrical stimulations in patients with chronic nonspecific low back pain. Methods/Design: Ninety-two patients will be randomized into four groups to receive transcranial direct current stimulation (real/sham) + transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (real/sham) for 12 sessions over a period of four weeks. The primary clinical outcome (pain intensity) and the secondary ones (sensory and affective aspects of pain, physical functioning and global perceived effect) will be recorded before treatment, after four weeks, in Month 3 and in Month 6 after randomization. Confounding factors such as anxiety and depression, the patient's satisfaction with treatment and adverse effects will also be listed. Data will be collected by an examiner unaware of (blind to) the treatment allocation. Discussion: The results of this study may assist in clinical decision-making about the combined use of cerebral and peripheral electrical stimulation for pain relief in patients with chronic low back pain. Trial registration: NCT01896453.
The impact of accelerated HF-rTMS on the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex in refractory unipolar major depression: Insights from <sup>18</sup>FDG PET brain imaging$$$ Background Although one of the most frequent diagnosed mental illnesses worldwide, it appears to be challenging to successfully treat major depressive disorder (MDD). Although the phenomenon of treatment-resistant depression (TRD) still remains unclear, the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) has been put forward as a possible neurobiological marker to evaluate clinical effects of a variety of antidepressant treatments, including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Accelerated high-frequency (HF)-rTMS may have the potential to rapidly result in beneficial clinical outcomes in TRD. No studies yet examined the clinical effects of such accelerated stimulation treatment paradigms on sgACC regional glucose metabolism (CMRglc), nor the predictive value of the latter for clinical outcome. Objective First, we investigated the predictive value of baseline sgACC metabolic activity for clinical outcome. Second, we hypothesized that in clinical responders only accelerated HF-rTMS treatment would result in significant metabolic decreases. Methods We recruited right-handed antidepressant-free unipolar melancholic TRD patients to participate in a two-week randomized sham-controlled crossover HF-rTMS treatment study. Stimulation was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Fifteen patients underwent 18FDG PET (CMRglc) at baseline (T0), after the first week (T1) of accelerated HF-rTMS and at the end of the treatment after the second week (T2). Results Higher baseline sgACC metabolic activity may indicate beneficial clinical outcome to this kind of accelerated HF-rTMS treatment. Moreover, clinical response resulted in a significant decrease in sgACC CMRglc. Non-response did not affect sgACC CMRglc. Conclusions Our results add to the sgACC as a specific neurobiological marker for anti-depressive response in accelerated HF-rTMS treatment paradigms. Such protocols may not only have the ability to result in fast clinical responses but they may also have potential to acutely modulate a dysfunctional sgACC.
Pilot study of feasibility of the effect of treatment with tDCS in patients suffering from treatment-resistant depression treated with escitalopram$$$ Objective: This double-blind, sham-controlled trial investigated the effects of two daily tDCS sessions over a 5-day period in treatment-resistant depression. Method: Twenty-four treatment-resistant depressed patients received two daily sessions of active or sham anodal tDCS to the left prefrontal cortex (2. mA, 10 sessions over 1. week). Depression severity, psychomotor retardation and cognitive function were assessed. Results: Active tDCS was not significantly superior to sham tDCS on the HDRS at week 4, as well as on the MADRS and SRRS scales, and on neuropsychological tests. Response rates were not significantly higher with active tDCS. tDCS was well tolerated, with mild adverse events limited to transient scalp discomfort. Conclusion: tDCS did not induce clinically relevant antidepressant effect in active and sham stimulation groups. There was no impact on psychomotor and neuropsychological functioning. Significance: tDCS efficacy on specific symptom profiles in pharmacotherapy-resistant depression is limited. The use of optimized stimulation protocol and longer period of follow up may valuably contribute to specify the place of tDCS in treatment-resistant depression.
Issues encountered in recent attempts to develop novel antidepressant agents$$$ The development of new antidepressants has had mixed results over the past decade, with several notable failures. This paper reviews a number of major initiatives in the development of new antidepressant agents. Traditional strategies to build on agents that have monoaminergic effects at the synapse (e.g., vilazodone and ketamine) have been complemented with efforts that have emphasized devices and brain circuits (e.g., deep brain stimulation and transcranial magnetic stimulation) or chemical agents that modulate neuroendocrine systems (e.g., glucocorticoid antagonists, mixed melatonin agonists/serotonin type-2 receptor antagonists). Interestingly, chemical agents, such as onabotulinumtoxin A, may affect brain circuits as well. We present data from recent studies in drug and device development-reviewing progress made, stumbling blocks encountered, and issues that need to be addressed in future studies.
Non-invasive electrical and magnetic stimulation of the brain, spinal cord, roots and peripheral nerves: Basic principles and procedures for routine clinical and research application: An updated report from an I.F.C.N. Committee$$$ These guidelines provide an up-date of previous IFCN report on "Non-invasive electrical and magnetic stimulation of the brain, spinal cord and roots: basic principles and procedures for routine clinical application" (. Rossini et al., 1994). A new Committee, composed of international experts, some of whom were in the panel of the 1994 "Report", was selected to produce a current state-of-the-art review of non-invasive stimulation both for clinical application and research in neuroscience.Since 1994, the international scientific community has seen a rapid increase in non-invasive brain stimulation in studying cognition, brain-behavior relationship and pathophysiology of various neurologic and psychiatric disorders. New paradigms of stimulation and new techniques have been developed. Furthermore, a large number of studies and clinical trials have demonstrated potential therapeutic applications of non-invasive brain stimulation, especially for TMS. Recent guidelines can be found in the literature covering specific aspects of non-invasive brain stimulation, such as safety (. Rossi et al., 2009), methodology (. Groppa et al., 2012) and therapeutic applications (. Lefaucheur et al., 2014).This up-dated review covers theoretical, physiological and practical aspects of non-invasive stimulation of brain, spinal cord, nerve roots and peripheral nerves in the light of more updated knowledge, and include some recent extensions and developments.
Assessment of individual clinical outcomes: Regarding an electroconvulsive therapy case$$$ Evaluation of therapeutic results and of the efficacy and effectiveness of treatments is an area of interest both for clinicians and researchers. In general, randomized controlled trial designs have been used as the methodology of choice in which intergroup comparisons are made having a minimum of participants in each arm of treatment. However, these procedures are seldom used in daily clinical practice. Despite this fact, the evaluation of treatment results for a specific patient is important for the clinician in order to address if therapeutic goals have been accomplished both in terms of statistical significance and clinical meaningfulness. The methodology based on the reliable change index (Jacobson y Truax)1 provides an estimate of these two criteria. The goal of this article is to propose a procedure to apply the methodology with a single case study of a woman diagnosed with major depression and treated with electroconvulsive therapy.
The bipolar depression electrical treatment trial (better): Design, rationale, and objectives of a randomized, sham-controlled trial and data from the pilot study phase$$$ Background. Bipolar depression (BD) is a prevalent condition, with poor therapeutic options and a high degree of refractoriness. This justifies the development of novel treatment strategies, such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) that showed promising results in unipolar depression. Methods. We describe a randomized, sham-controlled, double-blinded trial using tDCS for refractory, acutely symptomatic BD (the bipolar depression electrical treatment trial, BETTER). Sixty patients will be enrolled and assessed with clinical and neuropsychological tests. The primary outcome is change (over time and across groups) in the scores of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (17 items). Biological markers such as blood neurotrophins and interleukins, genetic polymorphisms, heart rate variability, and motor cortical excitability will be assessed. Twelve anodal-left/cathodal-right 2 mA tDCS sessions over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex will be performed in 6 weeks. Results. In the pilot phase, five patients received active tDCS and were double-blindly assessed, two presenting clinical response. TDCS was well-tolerated, with no changes in cognitive scores. Conclusion. This upcoming clinical trial will address the efficacy of tDCS for BD on different degrees of refractoriness. The evaluation of biological markers will also help in understanding the pathophysiology of BD and the mechanisms of action of tDCS.
Slow-oscillatory transcranial direct current stimulation modulates memory in temporal lobe epilepsy by altering sleep spindle generators: A possible rehabilitation tool$$$ Background: Temporal lobe epilepsy (TLE) is often associated with memory deficits. Given the putative role for sleep spindles memory consolidation, spindle generators skewed toward the affected lobe in TLE subjects may be a neurophysiological marker of defective memory. Slow-oscillatory transcranial direct current stimulation (sotDCS) during slow waves sleep (SWS) has previously been shown to enhance sleep-dependent memory consolidation by increasing slow-wave sleep and modulating sleep spindles. Objective/hypothesis: To test if anodal sotDCS over the affected TL prior to a nap affects sleep spindles and whether this improves memory consolidation. Methods: Randomized controlled cross-over study. 12 people with TLE underwent sotDCS (0.75 Hz; 0 -250 μV, 30 min) or sham before daytime nap. Declarative verbal and visuospatial learning were tested. Fast and slow spindle signals were recorded by 256-channel EEG during sleep. In both study arms, electrical source imaging (ESI) localized cortical generators. Neuropsychological data were analyzed with general linear model statistics or the KruskaleWallis test (P or Z < 0.05), and neurophysiological data tested with the ManneWhitney t test and binomial distribution test (P or Z < 0.05). Results: An improvement in declarative (P = 0.05) and visuospatial memory performance (P = 0.048) emerged after sotDCS. SotDCS increased slow spindle generators current density (Z = 0.001), with a shift to the anterior cortical areas. Conclusions: Anodal sotDCS over the affected temporal lobe improves declarative and visuospatial memory performance by modulating slow sleep spindles cortical source generators. SotDCS appears a promising tool for memory rehabilitation in people with TLE.
QEEG theta cordance in the prediction of treatment outcome to prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or venlafaxine ER in patients with major depressive disorder$$$ The aims of this double-blind study were to assess and compare the efficacy of quantitative electroencephalographic (QEEG) prefrontal theta band cordance in the prediction of response to 4-week, right, prefrontal, 1-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) or venlafaxine ER in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). Prefrontal QEEG cordance values of 50 inpatients (25 subjects in each group) completing 4 weeks of the study were obtained at baseline and after 1 week of treatment. Depressive symptoms were assessed using Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at baseline and at week 1 and 4. Treatment response was defined as a ≥50% reduction in baseline MADRS total score. All responders (n = 9) and 6 of 16 nonresponders in the rTMS group had reduced cordance at week 1 (P <.01). Reduction of theta cordance value at week 1 was detected in all responders (n = 10) to venlafaxine ER, but only in 4 of 15 nonresponders (P =.005). The comparison of the areas under the curve of cordance change for prediction of response between rTMS (0.75) and venlafaxine ER (0.89) treated groups yielded no significant difference (P =.27). Our study indicates that prefrontal QEEG cordance is a promising tool not only for predicting the response to certain antidepressants but also to rTMS treatment, with comparable predictive efficacy for both therapeutic interventions.
Preventive effect of liothyronine on electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory deficit in patients with major depressive disorder: A double-blind controlled clinical trial$$$ Introduction and Objective. Despite the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating major depressive disorder (MDD), its cognitive side effects make it less popular. This study investigated the impact of liothyronine on ECT-induced memory deficit in patients with MDD. Methodology. This is a double-blind clinical trial, in which 60 patients with MDD who were referred for ECT were selected. The diagnosis was based on the criteria of DSM-IV-TR. Patients were divided randomly into two groups to receive either liothyronine (50 mcg every morning) or placebo. After the assessment with Wechsler Memory Scale-Revised (WMS-R) before first session of ECT, posttests were repeated again, two months after the completion of ECT. Findings. By controlling the pretest scores, the mean scores of the experimental group were higher than the control group in delayed recall, verbal memory, visual memory, general memory, and attention/concentration scales (P<0.05). Conclusion. Liothyronine may prevent ECT-induced memory impairment in patients with MDD. This study has been registered in IRCT under IRCT201401122660N2.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor symptoms in parkinson disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ IMPORTANCE: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive neuromodulation technique that has been closely examined as a possible treatment for Parkinson disease (PD). However, results evaluating the effectiveness of rTMS in PD are mixed, mostly owing to low statistical power or variety in individual rTMS protocols. OBJECTIVES: To determine the rTMS effects on motor dysfunction in patients with PD and to examine potential factors that modulate the rTMS effects. DATA SOURCES: Databases searched included PubMed, EMBASE, Web of Knowledge, Scopus, and the Cochrane Library from inception to June 30, 2014. STUDY SELECTION: Eligible studies included sham-controlled, randomized clinical trials of rTMS intervention for motor dysfunction in patients with PD. DATA EXTRACTION AND SYNTHESIS: Relevant measureswere extracted independently by 2 investigators. Standardized mean differences (SMDs) were calculated with random-effects models. MAIN OUTCOMES AND MEASURES: Motor examination of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale. RESULTS: Twenty studies with a total of 470 patients were included. Random-effects analysis revealed a pooled SMD of 0.46 (95%CI, 0.29-0.64), indicating an overall medium effect size favoring active rTMS over sham rTMS in the reduction of motor symptoms (P < .001). Subgroup analysis showed that the effect sizes estimated from high-frequency rTMS targeting the primary motor cortex (SMD, 0.77; 95%CI, 0.46-1.08; P < .001) and low-frequency rTMS applied over other frontal regions (SMD, 0.50; 95%CI, 0.13-0.87; P = .008) were significant. The effect sizes obtained from the other 2 combinations of rTMS frequency and rTMS site (ie, high-frequency rTMS at other frontal regions: SMD, 0.23; 95% CI, -0.02 to 0.48, and low primary motor cortex: SMD, 0.28; 95%CI, -0.23 to 0.78) were not significant. Meta-regression revealed that a greater number of pulses per session or across sessions is associated with larger rTMS effects. Using the Grading of Recommendations, Assessment, Development, and Evaluation criteria, we characterized the quality of evidence presented in this meta-analysis as moderate quality. CONCLUSIONS AND RELEVANCE: The pooled evidence suggests that rTMS improves motor symptoms for patients with PD. Combinations of rTMS site and frequency as well as the number of rTMS pulses are key modulators of rTMS effects. The findings of our meta-analysis may guide treatment decisions and inform future research.
Predischarge bundle for patients with acute exacerbations of COPD to reduce readmissions and ED visits: A randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Hospital readmissions for acute exacerbations of COPD (AECOPDs) pose burdens to the health-care system and patients. A current gap in knowledge is whether a predischarge screening and educational tool administered to patients with COPD reduces readmissions and ED visits. METHODS: A single-center, randomized trial of admitted patients with AECOPDs was conducted at Henry Ford Hospital between February 2010 and April 2013. One hundred seventytwo patients were randomized to either the control (standard care) or the bundle group in which patients received smoking cessation counseling, screening for gastroesophageal refl ux disease and depression or anxiety, standardized inhaler education, and a 48-h postdischarge telephone call. Th e primary end point was the diff erence in the composite risk of hospitalizations or ED visits for AECOPD between the two groups in the 30 days following discharge. A secondary end point was 90-day readmission rate. RESULTS: Of the 172 patients, 18 of 79 in the control group (22.78%) and 18 of 93 in the bundle group (19.35%) were readmitted within 30 days. Th e risk of ED visits or hospitalizations within 30 days was not diff erent between the groups (risk diff erence, 2 3.43%; 95% CI, 2 15.68% to 8.82%; P 5 .58). Overall, the time to readmission in 30 and 90 days was similar between groups (log-rank test P 5 .71 and .88, respectively). CONCLUSIONS: A predischarge bundle intervention in AECOPD is not suffi cient to reduce the 30-day risk of hospitalizations or ED visits. More resources may be needed to generate a measurable eff ect on readmission rates. TRIAL REGISTRY: ClinicalTrials.gov; No.: NCT02135744; URL: www.clinicaltrials.gov.
Memantine in the prevention or alleviation of electroconvulsive therapy induces cognitive disorders: A placebo controlled trial$$$ The purpose of this study was to evaluate the effect of memantine administration on the adverse cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Forty patients diagnosed with a major depressive disorder for which ECT was indicated as a treatment for their current episode were randomly allocated to either the memantine (5. mg/day) group or the placebo group. All patients underwent the same protocol for anaesthesia and ECT procedures. The patients received memantine or the placebo for the whole period of ECT treatment, starting the day before ECT and continuing until the fourth session of ECT. The Modified Mental State Examination (MMSE) was used for the assessment of cognition before and after the trial. Regarding MMSE and item 3 MMSE (related to recent memory), the memantine group scored significantly higher at the end of ECT sessions than the control group (P= 0.02, P<. 0.001, respectively). Our data support the hypothesis that memantine may reduce cognitive impairment following ECT. Memantine could be both a safe and well-tolerated treatment for use with ECT.
Antidepressive treatments for Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Context: Depression affects 50-70% of patients with Parkinson's disease resulting in significant comorbidity, executive dysfunction, and poorer quality of life. Divergent results from studies of different treatments preclude definite treatment recommendations. Objective: To perform a systematic review and meta-analysis of published randomized controlled trials (RCTS) evaluating the efficacy of pharmacologic and behavioral interventions, and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for depression among patients with idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Data sources: Trial registers and the following databases were searched: PubMed, CINAHL, EMBASE, and PsycInfo. Bibliographies of relevant articles were cross-referenced. Study selection and data extraction: RCTs comparing pharmacologic, behavioral, or rTMS with a placebo/other drugs or methods with no restrictions on participant age, gender, and duration or setting of treatment were included. Eligibility assessment was performed independently. Identified records were sequentially screened according to eligibility criteria. Differences in mean depression score and 95% confidence intervals were calculated. Results: A total of 893 idiopathic Parkinson's disease patients with clinical depression across 20 RCTs were included. The overall standard mean difference for all pharmacologic interventions was 0.30 (95% CI-0.00, 0.61, p=0.054). On stratification, there was a distinct difference in effect between antidepressants (SMD of 0.54, 95%CI 0.24, 0.83, p=0.000) and non-antidepressants (SMD of-0.29, 95% CI-0.86, 0.29, p=0.328). Behavioral interventions demonstrated significant efficacy with an effect size of 0.87 (95% CI 0.41, 1.33, p=0.000). Conclusions: This meta-analysis demonstrates that pharmacologic treatment with antidepressant medications, specifically the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), and behavioral interventions (CBT) significantly improved depression among Parkinson's disease patients.
Psychiatric considerations in the oncology setting$$$ An aging population and advances in diagnostics and treatment have resulted in a rapidly growing population of people impacted by cancer. People live longer after a cancer diagnosis and tolerate more aggressive treatments than in the past. Younger patients struggle with diversions from the normal developmental milestones in career and relationships, while older patients deal with the dual challenges of aging and cancer. Cancer's transition from likely death to survival has increased interest in its impact on psychosocial issues and quality of life, rather than just longevity. In this article, the authors review the psychiatric diagnosis and management of the mental health issues most often encountered in oncology. Oncology treatment teams, including oncologists, nurses, social workers, and other ancillary staff, are often on the front lines of addressing psychiatric distress and clinical syndromes when psychiatrists are not easily available. The purpose of this review article is to highlight opportunities for nonpsychiatrists to improve identification and treatment of psychosocial distress and psychiatric syndromes and to request formal psychiatric consultation in appropriate situations. Psychotherapeutic, psychopharmacologic, cognitive, and behavioral-oriented interventions, as well as supportive interventions, are discussed for treating patients who are facing challenges during active cancer treatment, survivorship, and at the end of life. This review is not exhaustive but highlights the more common psychosomatic medicine and palliative care scenarios that impact cancer patient care. The importance of recognizing and addressing burnout and compassion fatigue in multidisciplinary professionals who care for those treated for cancer is also discussed given the secondary impact this can have on patient care. CA Cancer J Clin 2015;65:299-314.
The diagnosis and treatment of chronic migraine$$$ Migraine is the most common disabling brain disorder. Chronic migraine, a condition characterized by the experience of migrainous headache on at least 15 days per month, is highly disabling. Patients with chronic migraine present to primary care, are often referred for management to secondary care, and make up a large proportion of patients in specialist headache clinics. Many patients with chronic migraine also have medication overuse, defined as using a compound analgesic, opioid, triptan or ergot derivative on at least 10 days per month. All doctors will encounter patients with chronic headaches. A basic working knowledge of the common primary headaches, and a rational manner of approaching the patient with these conditions, allows a specific diagnosis of chronic migraine to be made quickly and safely, and by making this diagnosis one opens up a substantial number of acute and preventive treatment options. This article discusses the current state of management of chronic migraine.
A randomized controlled trial of brief and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Some studies suggest better overall outcomes when right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (RUL ECT) is given with an ultrabrief, rather than brief, pulse width. Methods: The aim of the study was to test if ultrabrief-pulse RUL ECT results in less cognitive side effects than briefpulse RUL ECT, when given at doses which achieve comparable efficacy. One hundred and two participants were assigned to receive ultrabrief (at 8 times seizure threshold) or brief (at 5 times seizure threshold) pulse RUL ECT in a double-blind, randomized controlled trial. Blinded raters assessed mood and cognitive functioning over the ECT course. Results: Efficacy outcomes were not found to be significantly different. The ultrabrief group showed less cognitive impairment immediately after a single session of ECT, and over the treatment course (autobiographical memory, orientation). Conclusions: In summary, when ultrabrief RUL ECT was given at a higher dosage than brief RUL ECT (8 versus 5 times seizure threshold), efficacy was comparable while cognitive impairment was less.
Three-year, naturalistic, mirror-image assessment of adding memantine to the treatment of 30 treatment-resistant patients with bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Developing safe and effective long-term treatments for bipolar disorder remains a major challenge. Given available treatments, patients with bipolar disorder remain unwell in half of long-term follow-up, mostly in depression. As memantine, an N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA)-glutamate receptor antagonist used to treat dementia, has been proposed for testing in bipolar disorder, we carried out a 3 + 3-year, mirror-image, chart-review study of the effects of adding memantine to stably continued, but insufficiently effective, ongoing mood-stabilizing treatments. Method: Outpatients diagnosed with DSM-IV-TR bipolar disorder (I or II), followed intensively at the Lucio Bini Mood Disorder Center, Rome, Italy, had responded consistently unsatisfactorily to standard treatments (lithium, anticonvulsants, antipsychotics, antidepressants, and electroconvulsive therapy) for ≥ 3 years (2005-2013). Memantine (20-30 mg/d) was added clinically to otherwise stable regimens for another 3 years. On the basis of chart review, we compared morbidity measures and Clinical Global Impressions scale for Bipolar Disorder (CGI-BP) score before versus during memantine treatment. Results: The 30 bipolar I (n = 17) and II (n = 13) subjects showed consistent morbidity for 3 years before memantine, but improved progressively (r = 0.28, P < .01) over 3 years with memantine (23 ± 4.8 mg/d). Markedly decreased (all P values ≤ .01) were (1) percentage of time ill (total, mania, or depression; averaging -75.0%), (2) CGI-BP severity scores (-67.8%), (3) duration of new episodes (-58.6%), and (4) episodes/year (-55.7%). Subjects with previous rapid or continuous cycling were particularly improved (t = 2.61, P = .016). Adverse effects were mild and rare. Conclusions: Memantine added substantial long-term benefits by preventing or ameliorating depressive as well as mania-like morbidity in previously consistently poorly responsive patients with bipolar disorder. Further testing in randomized, controlled trials is required.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: The effects on plegic upper extremity motor function of patients with stroke$$$ Objective: The primary aim of this prospective, randomized, sham controlled study was to evaluate the effectiveness of anodal or bihemispheric transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) applications on the upper extremity motor functions of patients with stroke. Another aim was to compare the effectiveness of bihemispheric tDCS with anodal tDCS applications. Methods: Thirty-six patients with stroke were randomly assigned into three groups as anodal tDCS (n:12), bihemispheric tDCS (n:12), or sham tDCS (n:12). All patients participated in a conventional rehabilitation program for 15 days. 31 patient completed study. The plegic upper extremity motor functions were evaluated by Wolf Motor Function Test (WMFT), Jebsen- Taylor Test (JTT) and Kocaeli Functional Evaluation Test (KFET). Results: The anodal tDCS group showed statistically significant improvements in 10 qualitative-8 quantitative parameters (p<0.05 all parameters), and the bihemispheric tDCS group in 8 qualitative-13 quantitative parameters (p<0.05 all parameters) of WMFT. Significant improvements were also obtained in all sub-parameters of KFET and JTT (p<0.05 all parameters) in both the anodal and bihemispheric tDCS groups. Compared with the sham group after the treatment, significant improvements were seen with respect to 5 qualitative parameters of WMFT (p<0.017 for all) and 1 of JTT (p<0.017) in the anodal tDCS group as well as 5 qualitative and 1 quantitative parameters of WMFT (p<0.017 for all), 3 of JTT (p<0.017), and 1 parameter of KFET (p<0.017) in the bihemispheric tDCS group. Conclusion: When combined with the conventional rehabilitation programs, tDCS provided additional motor functional gains in the plegic upper extremity of stroke patients in this
Propofol can Protect Against the Impairment of Learning-memory Induced by Electroconvulsive Shock via Tau Protein Hyperphosphorylation in Depressed Rats$$$ Objective To explore the possible neurophysiologic mechanisms of propofol and N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist against learning-memory impairment of depressed rats without olfactory bulbs. Methods Models of depressed rats without olfactory bulbs were established. For the factorial design in analysis of variance, two intervention factors were included: electroconvulsive shock groups (with and without a course of electroconvulsive shock) and drug intervention groups [intraperotoneal (ip) injection of saline, NMDA receptor antagonist MK-801 and propofol. A total of 60 adult depressed rats without olfactory bulbs were randomly divided into 6 experimental groups (n=10 per group): ip injection of 5 ml saline; ip injection of 5 ml of 10 mg/kg MK-801; ip injection of 5 ml of 10 mg/kg MK-801 and a course of electroconvulsive shock; ip injection of 5 ml of 200 mg/kg propofol; ip injection of 5 ml of 200 mg/kg propofol and a course of electroconvulsive shock; and ip injection of 5 ml saline and a course of electroconvulsive shock. The learning-memory abilities of the rats was evaluated by the Morris water maze test. The content of glutamic acid in the hippocampus was detected by high-performance liquid chromatography. The expressions of p-AT8<sup>Ser202</sup> in the hippocampus were determined by Western blot analysis. Results Propofol, MK-801 or electroconvulsive shock alone induced learning-memory impairment in depressed rats, as proven by extended evasive latency time and shortened space probe time. Glutamic acid content in the hippocampus of depressed rats was significantly up-regulated by electroconvulsive shock and down-regulated by propofol, but MK-801 had no significant effect on glutamic acid content. Levels of phosphorylated Tau protein p-AT8<sup>Ser202</sup> in the hippocampus was up-regulated by electroconvulsive shock but was reduced by propofol and MK-801 alone. Propofol prevented learning-memory impairment and reduced glutamic acid content and p-AT8<sup>Ser202</sup> levels induced by electroconvulsive shock. Conclusion Electroconvulsive shock might reduce learning-memory impairment caused by protein Tau hyperphosphorylation in depressed rats by down-regulating glutamate content.
Efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (sTMS) for treatment of major depression$$$ Background Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) customarily uses high-field electromagnets to achieve therapeutic efficacy in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). Low-field magnetic stimulation also may be useful for treatment of MDD, with fewer treatment-emergent adverse events. Objective/Hypothesis To examine efficacy, safety, and tolerability of low-field magnetic stimulation synchronized to an individual's alpha frequency (IAF) (synchronized TMS, or sTMS) for treatment of MDD. Methods Six-week double-blind sham-controlled treatment trial of a novel device that used three rotating neodymium magnets to deliver sTMS treatment. IAF was determined from a single-channel EEG prior to first treatment. Subjects had baseline 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD<inf>17</inf>) â‰¥ 17. Results 202 subjects comprised the intent-to-treat (ITT) sample, and 120 subjects completed treatment per-protocol (PP). There was no difference in efficacy between active and sham in the ITT sample. Subjects in the PP sample (N = 59), however, had significantly greater mean decrease in HamD<inf>17</inf> than sham (N = 60) (-9.00 vs. -6.56, P = 0.033). PP subjects with a history of poor response or intolerance to medication showed greater improvement with sTMS than did treatment-naïve subjects (-8.58 vs. -4.25, P = 0.017). Efficacy in the PP sample reflects exclusion of subjects who received fewer than 80% of scheduled treatments or were inadvertently treated at the incorrect IAF; these subgroups failed to separate from sham. There was no difference in adverse events between sTMS and sham, and no serious adverse events attributable to sTMS. Conclusions Results suggest that sTMS may be effective, safe, and well tolerated for treating MDD when administered as intended.
The Escitalopram versus Electric Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study (ELECT-TDCS): Rationale and study design of a non-inferiority, triple-arm, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ CONTEXT AND OBJECTIVE: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common psychiatric condition, mostly treated with antidepressant drugs, which are limited due to refractoriness and adverse effects. We describe the study rationale and design of ELECT-TDCS (Escitalopram versus Electric Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study), which is investigating a non-pharmacological treatment known as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). DESIGN AND SETTING: Phase-III, randomized, non-inferiority, triple-arm, placebo-controlled study, ongoing in Sao Paulo, Brazil. METHODS: ELECT-TDCS compares the efficacy of active tDCS/placebo pill, sham tDCS/escitalopram 20 mg/day and sham tDCS/placebo pill, for ten weeks, randomizing 240 patients in a 3:3:2 ratio, respectively. Our primary aim is to show that tDCS is not inferior to escitalopram with a non-inferiority margin of at least 50% of the escitalopram effect, in relation to placebo. As secondary aims, we investigate several biomarkers such as genetic polymorphisms, neurotrophin serum markers, motor cortical excitability, heart rate variability and neuroimaging. RESULTS: Proving that tDCS is similarly effective to antidepressants would have a tremendous impact on clinical psychiatry, since tDCS is virtually devoid of adverse effects. Its ease of use, portability and low price are further compelling characteristics for its use in primary and secondary healthcare. Multimodal investigation of biomarkers will also contribute towards understanding the antidepressant mechanisms of action of tDCS. CONCLUSION: Our results have the potential to introduce a novel technique to the therapeutic arsenal of treatments for depression.
Electroconvulsive therapy for obsessive-compulsive disorder: A systematic review$$$ Objective: Surgical therapies for treatment-refractory obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), such as deep brain stimulation or psychosurgery, remain unattainable for many patients. Despite the long-held view that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an ineffective treatment for OCD, there is no systematic review to support or refute this claim, which is the basis of the current review. Data Sources: A systematic search of MEDLINE, Web of Science, Scopus, and LILACS databases was conducted on December 22, 2013, using the terms obsessive-compulsive disorder and electroconvulsive therapy. Reference lists, specific journals, and clinical trial registries were also scrutinized. No date or language limitation was imposed on the search. Study Selection: After irrelevant and redundant records from the 500 identified titles were excluded, the 50 articles reporting the acute treatment effects of ECT in OCD and related constructs (involving a total of 279 patients) were analyzed for this study. Data Extraction: The relevant sociodemographic, clinical, and outcome data of individual cases were extracted. Data from individual cases were used to compare the characteristics of responders versus nonresponders to ECT. Results: Most selected records were case reports/series; there were no randomized controlled trials. A positive response was reported in 60.4% of the 265 cases in which individual responses to ECT were available. ECT responders exhibited a significantly later onset of OCD symptoms (P =.003), were more frequently nondepressed (P =.009), more commonly reported being treated with ECT for severe OCD (P =.01), and received a fewer number of ECT sessions (P =.03). ECT responders were also less frequently previously treated with adequate trials of serotonin reuptake inhibitors (P =.05) and cognitivebehavioral therapy (P =.005). Conclusions: Although 60% of the reported cases reviewed exhibited some form of a positive response to ECT, it cannot be stated that this provides evidence that ECT is indeed effective for OCD.
Pisa Syndrome$$$ Lateral trunk flexion is often seen in patients with Parkinson disease, sometimes coming on as a subacute phenomenon associated with medication adjustments, and in others with gradual onset that seems related to a neurodegenerative process related to the evolution of the disease. Either acute or subacute presentations seem to be pure abnormalities in the coronal plane and are usually reversible. However, a chronic form occurs often in a combined fashion with anteroposterior flexion (camptocormia), improves only partially, remains stable, or even worsens over time. The acute/subacute phenotype is the condition originally named as Pisa syndrome (PS). The pathophysiology of PS remains poorly understood, and a cholinergic-dopaminergic imbalance has been suggested as being involved in the cause of this disorder. The role of other neurotransmitters and how they become dysfunctional in PS remains to be elucidated. Specific treatments, other than discontinuing the medications responsible for the disorder, whenever possible, are undeveloped because of the unknown etiology.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of refractory symptoms of schizophrenia. Current evidence and future directions$$$ Schizophrenia is a severe and frequent neuropsychiatric disorder. Despite antipsychotic medications, up to 30% of patients with schizophrenia still report disabling treatment-resistant symptoms. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been proposed as a novel method to alleviate such symptoms. Here, we review studies Marine Mondino investigating the effects of tDCS on symptoms, cognition, brain activity and cortical plasticity in patients with schizophrenia. We provide an up-to-date and comprehensive overview of the use of tDCS in patients with schizophrenia. More specifically, we first present the effects of tDCS on treatment-resistant symptoms of schizophrenia. We report that tDCS applied over the fronto-temporal regions reduced auditory hallucinations, with a mean 34% reduction of symptoms. Moreover, tDCS applied over both prefrontal cortices reduced negative symptoms and catatonia. We discuss the need for further sham-controlled studies to confirm these effects. Second, we present the impact of tDCS on cognitive functions in patients with schizophrenia. Positive effects of tDCS have been reported on learning, working memory, attention and source-monitoring. Third, we review the effects of tDCS on brain activity in patients with schizophrenia. Although only few studies investigated the effects of tDCS using neuroimaging technics, these studies are helpful at identifying the mechanisms of action of tDCS in schizophrenia. Fourth, we present tDCS studies on cortical plasticity showing reduced cortical plasticity in patients with schizophrenia that tDCS may beneficially modulate. Lastly, we discuss the safety aspects of tDCS in patients with schizophrenia and potential directions to improve efficacy for this clinical populations.
The risk factors, consequences, treatment, and importance of gestational depression$$$ Nowadays, mental problems have become an important health issue, the most frequent of which in pregnancy is depression. Gestational depression is known to increase gestational complications and negatively affect maternal and fetal health. The frequency of gestational depression and depressive symptoms are 10-30%. Risk factors vary according to genetic, psychologic, environmental, social, and biologic factors. Maternal morbidity and mortality rates increase in pregnant women who do not receive treatment, obstetric complications and negative fetal consequences are seen, and the incidence of postpartum depression increases. Due to all these important consequences, healthcare providers who manage pregnant women should be informed about the frequency, symptoms, and screening methods of postpartum depression, the significance of the consequences of undiagnosed and untreated depression on the health of mother and baby, and the importance of early diagnosis. Pregnant women who are at risk should be screened and detected, and directed to related centers. In this review, we briefly review the definition of gestational depression, its frequency, risk factors, complications, screening, treatments, and the procedures that need to be performed the diagnostic process.
Non-invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of symptoms following traumatic brain injury$$$ Background: Traumatic brain injury (TBI) is a common cause of physical, psychological, and cognitive impairment, but many current treatments for TBI are ineffective or produce adverse side effects. Non-invasive methods of brain stimulation could help ameliorate some common trauma-induced symptoms. Objective: This review summarizes instances in which repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) have been used to treat symptoms following a TBI. A subsequent discussion attempts to determine the value of these methods in light of their potential risks. Methods: The research databases of PubMed/MEDLINE and PsycINFO were electronically searched using terms relevant to the use of rTMS and tDCS as a tool to decrease symptoms in the context of rehabilitation post-TBI. Results: Eight case-studies and four multi-subject reports using rTMS and six multi-subject studies using tDCS were found. Two instances of seizure are discussed. Conclusion: There is evidence that rTMS can be an effective treatment option for some post-TBI symptoms, such as depression, tinnitus, and neglect. Although the safety of this method remains uncertain, the use of rTMS in cases of mild TBI without obvious structural damage may be justified. Evidence on the effectiveness of tDCS is mixed, highlighting the need for additional investigations.
Treatment of affective disorders in cardiac disease$$$ Patients with cardiovascular disease (CVD) commonly have syndromal major depression, and depression has been associated with an increased risk of morbidity and mortality. Prevalence of depression is between 17% and 47% in CVD patients. Pharmacologic and psychotherapeutic interventions have long been studied, and in general are safe and somewhat efficacious in decreasing depressive symptoms in patients with CVD. The impact on cardiac outcomes remains unclear. The evidence from randomized controlled clinical trials indicates that anti-depressants, especially selective serotonin uptake inhibitors, are overwhelmingly safe, and likely to be effective in the treatment of depression in patients with CVD. This review describes the prevalence of depression in patients with CVD, the physiological links between depression and CVD, the treatment options for affective disorders, and the clinical trials that demonstrate efficacy and safety of antidepressant medications and psychotherapy in this patient population. Great progress has been made in understanding potential mediators between major depressive disorder and CVD-both health behaviors and shared biological risks such as inflammation.
Applications of magnetic resonance imaging for treatment-resistant late-life depression$$$ Late-life depression (LLD) is a growing public and global health concern with diverse clinical manifestations and etiology. This literature review summarizes neuroimaging findings associated with depression in older adults and treatment-response variability. LLD has been associated with cerebral atrophy, diminished myelin integrity, and cerebral lesions in frontostriatal-limbic regions. These associations help explain the depression-executive dysfunction syndrome observed in LLD, and support cerebrovascular burden as a pathogenic mechanism. Furthermore, this review suggests that neuroimaging determinants of treatment resistance also reflect cerebrovascular burden. Of the theoretical etiologies of LLD, cerebrovascular burden may mediate treatment resistance. This review proposes that neuroimaging has the potential for clinical translation. Controlled trials may identify neuroimaging biomarkers that may inform treatment by identifying depressed adults likely to remit with pharmacotherapy, identifying individualized therapeutic dose, and facilitating earlier treatment response measures. Neuroimaging also has the potential to similarly inform treatment response variability from treatment with aripiprazole (dopamine modulator) and buprenorphine (opiate modulator).
Chronic pain, its management and psychological issues: A review$$$ Chronic pain is one of the most prevalent, disabling conditions both in clinical and psychological aspects and yet often remains inadequately treated due to cost reasons. Moreover, chronic pain commonly occurs in conjunction with depression, anxiety and somatoform disorders. Chronic and recurrent pain not associated with a disease is very common in childhood and adolescence, but there are very less studies and analysis has been done on chronic pain epidemiology and management. As pain is the important factor influencing quality of life and also the reason for which a person seek the advice of physician even require hospitalization that is why this systematic review highlights the different types of chronic pain, epidemiology, pathophysiology, and management of chronic pain along with psychological issues associated with it.
Concordance between BeamF3 and MRI-neuronavigated target sites for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex$$$ Background The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a common target for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression, but the conventional "5 cm rule" misses DLPFC in >1/3 cases. Another heuristic, BeamF3, locates the F3 EEG site from scalp measurements. MRI-guided neuronavigation is more onerous, but can target a specific DLPFC stereotaxic coordinate directly. The concordance between these two approaches has not previously been assessed. Objective To quantify the discrepancy in scalp site between BeamF3 versus MRI-guided neuronavigation for left DLPFC. Methods Using 100 pre-treatment MRIs from subjects undergoing left DLPFC-rTMS, we localized the scalp site at minimum Euclidean distance from a target MNI coordinate (X - 38 Y + 44 Z + 26) derived from our previous work. We performed nasion-inion, tragus-tragus, and head-circumference measurements on the same subjects' MRIs, and applied the BeamF3 heuristic. We then compared the distance between BeamF3 and MRI-guided scalp sites. Results BeamF3-to-MRI-guided discrepancies were <0.65 cm in 50% of subjects, <0.99 cm in 75% of subjects, and <1.36 cm in 95% of subjects. The angle from midline to the scalp site did not differ significantly using MRI-guided versus BeamF3 methods. However, the length of the radial arc from vertex to target site was slightly but significantly longer (mean 0.35 cm) with MRI-guidance versus BeamF3. Conclusions The BeamF3 heuristic may provide a reasonable approximation to MRI-guided neuronavigation for locating left DLPFC in a majority of subjects. A minor optimization of the heuristic may yield additional concordance.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms in Parkinson's disease$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is characterized by motor symptoms, but focused and extensive research in the last years has provided new knowledge in the field of non-motor symptoms. Non-motor symptoms include neuropsychiatric symptoms such as depression, anxiety, psychosis, apathy, impulse control disorders, and occur in the majority of patients with PD. They are associated with impaired quality of life for patients and relatives, additional deterioration of function and increased use of health resources. Medical and surgical therapies commonly used for treatment of PD can induce or worsen such symptoms. This paper discusses the epidemiology, clinical features and treatment approaches for neuropsychiatric symptoms (NPS) in PD in the perspective of clinical practice and management. The prevalence rates of various NPS are high, various demographic, clinical and treatment related variables have shown to be associated with higher risk of NPS. Randomized controlled trials of pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments of NPS in PD are sparse. Current evidence supports tricyclic antidepressants as efficacious treatment of depression in PD and antipsychotic clozapine as efficacious choice for psychosis. Further studies to evaluate various other management strategies of NPS in PD are required. Neuropsychiatric symptoms in PD should be considered an integral part of the disease; hence a multidisciplinary approach is essential to improve the overall outcome of PD also through raised awareness and enriched knowledge on NPS.
Interventions for Neuropsychiatric symptoms in Neurocognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease: A review of the literature$$$ Neurocognitive impairment due to Alzheimer's disease (previously termed Alzheimer's dementia) (AD) is the most common form of cognitive impairment worldwide. Given the anticipated increase in the population aged 65 and over, the prevalence of persons with AD is expected to increase exponentially during the next 30 years. Noncognitive neuropsychiatric symptoms (NPS) commonly occur in AD and are associated with adverse outcomes for patients and their caregivers. This review summarizes randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) published between 2004 and 2014 with a primary outcome measure of change in symptom severity for NPS in AD. Of the 388 articles initially identified through a literature search, 33 trials met inclusion criteria. Fifteen of these studies had agitation/aggression as a targeted symptom. Twenty-eight evaluated pharmacologic treatments, including psychotropics, cognitive enhancers, stimulants, and nutraceuticals. Nonpharmacologic interventions included bright light, music, exercise, and cognitive-stimulation therapies. Among the pharmacologic interventions, modest efficacy was reported with aripiprazole, citalopram, trazodone, methylphenidate, and scheduled analgesics. Significant reduction in symptom severity was reported with nearly all the nonpharmacologic interventions. Variations in methodology such as inclusion criteria, study setting, and outcome measures limit the generalizability of these results. Barriers to the implementation of nonpharmacologic interventions in clinical settings include resource and training limitations. Electroconvulsive therapy and dronabinol are promising as emerging treatment strategies. Randomized clinical trials are needed in order to validate the utility of electroconvulsive therapy and dronabinol, including where and with whom these interventions will prove most valuable.
Management of central poststroke pain: Systematic review of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background and Purpose.Central poststroke pain is a chronic neuropathic disorder that follows a stroke. Current research on its management is limited, and no review has evaluated all therapies for central poststroke pain. Methods.We conducted a systematic review of randomized controlled trials to evaluate therapies for central poststroke pain. We identified eligible trials, in any language, by systematic searches of AMED, CENTRAL, CINAHL, DARE, EMBASE, HealthSTAR, MEDLINE, and PsychINFO. Eligible trials (1) enrolled ≥10 patients with central poststroke pain; (2) randomly assigned them to an active therapy or a control arm; and (3) collected outcome data ≥14 days after treatment. Pairs of reviewers, independently and in duplicate, screened titles and abstracts of identified citations, reviewed full texts of potentially eligible trials, and extracted information from eligible studies. We used a modified Cochrane tool to evaluate risk of bias of eligible studies, and collected patient-important outcomes according to recommendations by the Initiative on Methods, Measurement, and Pain Assessment in Clinical Trials. We conducted, when possible, random effects meta-analyses, and evaluated our certainty in treatment effects using the Grading of Recommendations Assessment, Development, and Evaluation System. Results.Eight eligible English language randomized controlled trials (459 patients) tested anticonvulsants, an antidepressant, an opioid antagonist, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, and acupuncture. Results suggested that all therapies had little to no effect on pain and other patient-important outcomes. Our certainty in the treatment estimates ranged from very low to low. Conclusions.Our findings are inconsistent with major clinical practice guidelines; the available evidence suggests no beneficial effects of any therapies that researchers have evaluated in randomized controlled trials.
Efficacy of tranylcypromine in bipolar depression: A systematic review$$$ Objective: Currently, there is a paucity of treatment options with limited efficacy for bipolar depression. The monoamine oxidase inhibitor tranylcypromine might be an effective form of treatment. The current systematic review reassesses the efficacy and safety of tranylcypromine in bipolar depression. Methods: For this systematic review comparing tranylcypromine with placebo or active comparators in bipolar depression, relevant randomized controlled trials were identified from systematic searches of PubMed, EMBASE, and Cochrane library databases. A manual search of the references of the included studies was also performed. Results: Four studies with a total of 145 participants were identified. Response rates were higher in patients treated with tranylcypromine (60.0%-80.7%; overall response rate, 73.7%) compared with placebo, imipramine, and lamotrigine (the latter as add-on to a mood stabilizer) (12.9%-47.6%; overall response rate, 27.5%). The overall switch rate was 6.3% for patients treated with tranylcypromine and 18.4% for patients in the control group. Conclusions: This systematic review provides evidence for the efficacy and safety of tranylcypromine treatment in bipolar depression. Additional research is required to establish the efficacy of tranylcypromine as addon to a mood stabilizer.
Effect of memantine on cognitive performance in patients under electroconvulsive therapy A double-blind randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: Various strategies such as adding cholinesterase inhibitors are used to reduce cognitive impairments during electroconvulsive therapy. In this study, we aimed to assess the effectiveness and safety of memantine as an N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist in the prevention of cognitive deficits due to ECT. Methods: Thirty-eight adult patients with various mental disorders were randomized to memantine (10 mg/day initially and 20 mg/day at the end of the first week) or placebo during the ECT period. Mini Mental Status Examination, Digit Span Subtest, and backward memory span ofWechsler Adult Intelligence Scale were used to assess the cognitive functions 24 hours before and after ECT. Subjective ratings of side effects were obtained in the first, second, and fourth week of the treatment. Results: The mean Mini Mental Status Examination score relatively increased in the intervention group showing a significant improvement with memantine (P < 0.001). The direct digit span had decreased in the control group, whereas no significant change was observed in the intervention group (P < 0.001). Backward memory span test showed a decrease in the control group after the ECT sessions, whereas a relative increase was observed in the intervention group (P = 0.001). The most frequently reported side effects in the intervention group did not differ significantly from the control group. Conclusions: This initial study showed that cognitive performance was enhanced in patients receiving memantine during ECT, indicating the possible role of the glutamatergic system in creating ECT-induced deficits. Larger long-term studies are necessary for understanding the role of the glutamatergic system in these disorders.
Clinical neuromodulation in psychiatry: The state of the art or an art in a state?$$$ Clinical neuromodulation began in psychiatry with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), but in recent years several new techniques have been developed: repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), vagal nerve stimulation (VNS), trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS). Each works in a different way, although the principle remains to effect therapeutic change through physically modifying brain activity. Their use in different clinical groups varies between techniques, as does their underlying evidence base. Most support currently exists for rTMS, with a more modest, but growing database for tDCS. Understandably, but problematically, most research in the other techniques has, to date, been in unmasked open trials. This article describes the mechanism of action and current evidence base for each technique, and notes the challenges facing future work in this potentially important field and new clinical avenue.
Treating OCD: What to do when first-line therapies fail$$$ Objective: To provide a clinically-focused review of the biological treatment of treatment-resistant obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD). Conclusions: There is a paucity of research on how to manage OCD patients who fail to respond adequately to first line therapies. High-dose selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and clomipramine have good evidencebased data. Combinations of SSRIs have little support in clinical trials, but the combination of SSRIs and clomipramine can be helpful: careful clinical and cardiac monitoring is required. Certain adjunctive antipsychotics have a reasonable evidence base in OCD, but their use also needs to be weighed against the potential side effect burden. In patients with substantial generalised anxiety symptoms, clonazepam is worth considering. Of the other augmenting strategies, memantine and ondansetron appear useful in some cases, and are well tolerated. Topiramate might ameliorate compulsions to some degree, but it is less well tolerated. If all these strategies, along with expert psychological therapy, fail, careful consideration should be given to deep brain stimulation (DBS), which has an emerging evidence base and which can result in dramatic benefits for some individuals. For some patients, gamma radiosurgery might also still have a place.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression in adult and youth populations: A systematic literature review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Between 30% and 60% of individuals with major depressive disorder will have treatment-resistant depression (TRD): depression that does not subside with pharmaceutical treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging treatment for TRD. Objective: To establish the efficacy and optimal protocol for rTMS among adults and youth with TRD. Data Sources: Two systematic reviews were conducted: one to determine the efficacy of rTMS for adults with TRD and another to determine the effectiveness of rTMS for youth with TRD. For adults, MEDLINE, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, and Health Technology Assessment Database were searched from inception until January 10, 2014 with no language restrictions. Terms aimed at capturing the target diagnosis, such as depression and depressive disorder, were combined with terms describing the technology, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and rTMS. Results were limited to studies involving human participants and designed as a randomized controlled trial. For youth, the search was altered to include youth only (aged 13-25 years) and all study designs. When possible, meta-analysis of response and remission rates was conducted. Study Selection: Seventy-three articles were included in this review: 70 on adult and 3 on youth populations. Results: Meta-analysis comparing rTMS and sham in adults found statistically significant results favoring rTMS for response (RR: 2.35 [95% CI, 1.70-3.25]) and remission (RR: 2.24 [95% CI, 1.53-3.27]). No statistically significant differences were found when comparing high- and low-frequency, unilateral and bilateral, low- and high-intensity rTMS or rTMS and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). While meta-analysis of results from the youth literature was not possible, the limited evidence base suggests that rTMS may be effective for treating TRD in youth. Conclusions: The evidence available on the use of rTMS for adults with TRD indicates that rTMS is approximately twice as effective as a sham procedure, although the optimal rTMS protocol remains unclear. Evidence also indicates that rTMS is as effective as ECT and appears promising as a treatment for youth with TRD; however, the evidence base is underdeveloped.
Investigating the synergistic effects of transcranial direct current stimulation and cranial electrical stimulation in treatment of major depression in a double blinded controlled trial$$$ Despite recent advances in antidepressant medication as the main treatment option for severe depression, large portion of patients are drug resistant. The side effects of the drugs sometimes occur before the treatment effects which can terminate the treatment process. Therefore, developing new efficient and safe alternative treatment is the main focus of scientific societies. The present study aimed to comparatively investigate the synergistic therapeutic effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and cranial electrical stimulation (CES) in major depression in a double blinded randomized controlled trial. This was a double blinded randomized controlled trial conducted on 30 major depression patients diagnosed by semi-structured review of DSMiv-TR by a psychologist. The patients filled the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI-II) and Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI). The quantitative electroencephalograms of patients were recorded and analyzed with Neuroguide processing tool to determine the regions with abnormal function using the age and gender matched standard databases of quantitative electroencephalogram (QEEG0. Thirty patients were randomly divided into three groups: CES, combined CES-tDCS, and CES treatment. Each patient receive 6 sessions consisting of 3 consequtive days and 3 sessions on the every other day basis (3 sessions a week) of 20-min exposure. After the 6 treatment sessions the patients were asked to fill the BDI-II and BAI questionnaires. The combined treatment showed more response followed by CES and tDCS treatments (P<0.01). In addition, no significant difference was observed in the treatments' complications between the three groups (P>0.01). However, disease duration was significantly different between the three groups (P<0.01). Our findings showed that QEEG guided treatment with tDCS and CES can be effective in depression. It seems that tDCS acts through regulating the firing rate of cortical neurons and CEW through modulating the thalamus and limbic system in treatment of depression. Combined CES-tDCS can yield more efficient treatment.
Update on Neuromodulation for Treatment-Resistant Depression$$$ About 30% of patients suffering from a major depressive disorder do not respond sufficiently to established pharmacological, psychotherapeutic, or somatic treatments. Advances in technology and emerging knowledge about the dysfunctional brain circuits underlying depression have led to the development of different neuromodulation techniques. The aim of the present review is to give an update on noninvasive techniques, such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), and invasive techniques requiring brain surgery, such as vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS). First, the clinical relevance for therapy-resistant depression, including the current level of evidence, are presented. Neuroethics is concerned with the ethical, legal and social policy implications of neuroscience. A second focus of the review is the application of fundamental ethical principles, such as patient autonomy, patient well-being and justice to neuromodulation therapies. Due to reduced availability and lacking long-term efficacy data, most patients with treatment-resistant depression face a trial-and-error approach to therapeutics. This contravenes the ethical criteria of patient autonomy and justice. In order to raise the level of evidence, financial support of long-term studies, including large samples and randomized control trials, are necessary.
Transcranial direct current stimulation as a treatment for patients with fibromyalgia: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Previous studies suggest that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the primary motor cortex (M1) reduces chronic pain levels. In this randomized controlled trial, we investigated the effects of 5 consecutive 20-minute sessions of 2-mA anodal tDCS directed to the M1 in 48 patients (45 females) with fibromyalgia. Changes in pain, stress, daily functioning, psychiatric symptoms, and health-related quality of life were measured. Pain and stress were measured 30 days before treatment, at each treatment, and 30 days after treatment by using short message service on mobile phones. Patients were randomized to the active or sham tDCS group by receiving individual treatment codes associated either with the sham or active tDCS in the stimulator. Adverse effects were registered using a standardized form. A small but significant improvement in pain was observed under the active tDCS condition but not under the sham condition. Fibromyalgia-related daily functioning improved in the active tDCS group compared with the sham group. The stimulation was well tolerated by the patients, and no significant difference in the adverse effects between the groups was observed. The results suggest that tDCS has the potential to induce statistically significant pain relief in patients with fibromyalgia, with no serious adverse effects, but small effect sizes indicate that the results are unlikely to reflect clinically important changes.
Application of transcranial direct current stimulation to psychiatric disorders: Trends and perspectives$$$ Background: Growing attention is paid to transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) as a novel neuromodulation method in the treatment of psychiatric illnesses. In spite of its simple procedure, electrophysiological influence of tDCS is complex and not fully understood. Therefore, its procedure and clinical application is yet to be established. To address this issue, we reviewed and summarized reports currently available, and proposed future directions. Methods: We searched PubMed for the literature of tDCS, targeting depression, cognitive enhancement or schizophrenia, sham-controlled, and repeated stimulation sessions. Results: Among psychiatric conditions, depression is most associated with positive effects of tDCS, based on the recent systematic review, due to homogeneity in methodology adopted in randomized sham-controlled trials. For cognitive enhancement and/or treatment of schizophrenia, results are less consistent, and the methods are more heterogeneous. Conclusion: Large-scale well-designed trials are needed to more accurately evaluate the efficacy of tDCS. In this article, considerations of optimal stimulation conditions are also provided.
Dual arm randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in patients with major depression-interim analysis$$$ Study Objective: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an effective acute treatment for patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), however the ideal long-term TMS maintenance strategy is unknown. The purpose of this study is to compare two different TMS maintenance treatment regimens in a medication-free population. METHODS: Patients with a diagnosis of unipolar, non-psychotic MDD, who had failed to receive benefit from prior antidepressant treatment, participated in a rando-mized, open-label, multisite trial. Patients were randomized to either: once monthly maintenance TMS treatments (arm A) or monthly observation (arm B). Patients in either arm could receive a TMS reintroduction course for protocol defined symptomatic worsening. The primary outcome was the proportion of patients without symptomatic worsening throughout the 3 months of the maintenance treatment phase RESULTS: 67 medication-free patients were enrolled, 49 patients were randomized (23 arm A, 26 arm B); 32 patients (16 A, 16 B) met evaluable criteria at 21 weeks. 41 of 67 enrolled patients met remission criteria at end of acute treatment (61.2%). At the 3-months, 10/16 patients (62.5%) (A) vs. 7/16 patients (43.8%) (B) did not experience symptomatic worsening. At the six-months, 15/16 patients (A) vs. 8/16 patients (B) remained in the study. CONCLUSIONS: A fixed acute 6-week course of Neuro-Star TMS treatment induced remission in 61.2% of all enrolled patients. A trend towards improved outcome was shown with once monthly maintenance TMS regimen. Overall there was a good durability of effect of TMS therapy over 3 months in a medication free population regardless of maintenance regimen. Clinical trial posted on www.clinicaltrials.gov, listing numbers NCT 01415154.
Antidepressant effect of combined ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy on patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized trial$$$ Background: One of the shortcomings of the available treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD) is the time delay between starting the treatment and achieving an antidepressant response. Objectives: We aimed to determine the effect of Ketamine as a synergistic antidepressant and anesthetic agent on MDD in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Patients and Methods: Twenty-two patients with MDD received Ketamine and Propofol as anesthetic agents compared with 20 patients as the control group who received Propofol in a double-blind randomized clinical trial. The Hamilton rating scale for depression was used to determine the changes in symptoms severity during ECT and a 2-week follow-up. Results: Both groups showed a reduction in depression severity, but there was no significant difference between the groups in the recovery process (P = 0.92). However, the cognitive performance recovery time in the Ketamine group was lower than that in the control group (P = 0.042). Conclusions: This study could not show the effect of Ketamine on depression recovery in a 2-week follow-up period. Nevertheless, Ketamine may provide a better cognitive performance in patients under ECT.
Subdural continuous theta burst stimulation of the motor cortex in essential tremor$$$ Continuous theta-burst stimulation (cTBS) using short bursts of lowintensity, high-frequency (50 Hz), pulses repeated every 200 ms is a repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) protocol with inhibitory effects on human cortex. Primary motor cortex (M1) plays a role within the central oscillatory network in generating Essential Tremor (ET). Accordingly, cTBS over M1 leads to a small and transient reduction of the tremor amplitude in ET. Invasive motor cortex stimulation (MCS) with subdural electrodes connected to an implantable pulse generator (IPG) has been successfully tested in six ET patients [1]. We applied a cTBS protocol to the first ET patient with subdural MCS enrolled in the original studyusing the implanted subdural electrodes (ScTBS) [1]. Detailed clinical assessments up to 5 years after surgery have been described elsewhere (Patient 1) [1]. Recently, the patient presented worsening of upper limbs tremor reporting a sort of habituation of tremor to continuous MCS. In order to obtain a stronger inhibitory effect on M1, we trialed the patient with stimulation parameters matching the cTBS protocol. By using the cyclic mode embedded in the IPG (Activa PC, by Medtronic, MN, USA), five 50-Hz pulses lasting 60 lsec were delivered every 200 ms (4-0 V/60 lsec/50 Hz, Cycling On/Off:0-1/0-2 s). This new stimulation protocol induced a definite improvement in hand tremor, greater than the one used at baseline. A double-blind evaluation of tremor during three different conditions was then performed over two different mornings. Bilateral ScTBS provided the most effective tremor control on both objective and subjective assessments. The patient is currently using ScTBS since 3 months with sustained benefit, no side effects and no evidence of habituation. This preliminary experience suggests that the direct stimulation of the cortex with the cTBS paradigm can further enhance the ET improvement initially described with MCS. The exact mechanisms of action remain speculative, though a plasticity effect has been hypothesized. Interestingly, this 'patterned' form of stimulation appears to be more efficient in producing long term potentiation/depression effects in brain slice preparations compared to constant frequency stimulation. It is additionally possible that, similarly to other forms of non invasive brain stimulation techniques delivered at intensities below those needed for synaptic activation, like transcranial alternating current stimulation, ScTBS might induce subthreshold changes in the membrane potentials of affected neurons, thus altering their firing rate. Further studies are needed to fully understand the clinical utility of invasive chronic ScTBS in ET.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in psychiatry - Update 2015$$$ Objective: Transcranial direct current stimulation is a non-invasive tool for neuromodulation and has been investigated in neuro - psychiatric disorders over the last 10 years. In this review, we provide an overview of application and evolvement of this therapeutic tool in psychiatric disorders over the last years. Regarding depressive disorders and schizophrenia, this review follows up directly on two publications (2013 and 2014) on the respective disorders. Regarding other psychiatric disorders, an overview over studies mostly published in recent years is given. Materials and methods: A literature search was performed using the database of the National Institute of Health (Pubmed) with the terms "tDCS", "transcranial direct current stimulation", and the respective disorder searched. Results: For the treatment of depression, a couple of double-blind randomized controlled trials were found that show efficacy of tDCS as an adjunct to psychopharmacologic treatment. Efficacy of treatment is declining with increasing treatment resistance. For the treatment of schizophrenia, only a few clinical trials report improvement of psychopathologic symptoms or cognition. There is relatively good data for the use of tDCS in the treatment of tobacco addiction and the reduction of nicotine craving, as well as for the treatment of alcohol addiction. There is also some data on modulation of food craving by tDCS. The treatment of dementia (i.e. Alzheimer) is evaluated in several studies and brought diverging results. The improvement of other psychiatric disorders such as general anxiety disorder, obsessive- compulsive disorder, Tourette's syndrome, or psychiatric symptoms in neurologic disorders is reported in case reports only. Application of tDCS during pregnancy is discussed. Safety aspects were evaluated and brought no additional information to the sound knowledge of a safe and well tolerable use of tDCS. Conclusions: For only a few psychiatric disorders, i.e. depressive disorders, and to some extent schizophrenia and addiction disorders, there is enough data available to suggest tDCS as an adjunct treatment to psychopharmacologic therapy. There is a lack of sufficient and reliable data to establish tDCS as a regular treatment tool in most psychiatric disorders. Application of tDCS is safe and well tolerable even when using intensive stimulation protocols. However there is a need for standardization of electrode positioning, current strength, duration and frequency of application and total number of applications. Finally, regulatory authorities in most countries are not able to suggest tDCS due to lacking evidence of efficacy.
Distinct patterns of cortical thickness predict rTMS treatment response$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising, noninvasive and effective therapy for adolescents with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). However, beneficial response to rTMS is not universal. Identifying baseline biomarkers that correlate to treatment response will allow professionals to apply a more personalized and effective treatment program. Objectives: This project investigated cortical thickness as a baseline structural predictor of rTMS treatment response in MDD. Our aim was to examine regional cortical differences of adolescents undergoing rTMS treatment for common alterations in participants whose depression scores reflected positive or neutral/negative responses to rTMS. Intervention: Existing pharmacological treatments for MDD in adolescents are lacking in their scope and efficacy. Anti-depressant medications often produce unwanted side effects and are frequently ineffective in alleviating symptoms. rTMS represents a novel avenue for treatment of depression; utilizing magnetic pulses to stimulate specific brain regions thought to underlie MDD. The integration of rTMS in responsive individuals will contribute to personalized treatment programs for MDD, and will complement traditional treatment protocols. Methods: Fifteen participants with MDD (10 responders and 5 non-responders) underwent an initial assessment, and pre-treatment magnetic resonance imaging (MRI). Participants with MDD then underwent a 3-week rTMS treatment series, followed by a post-treatment assessment. Cortical thickness analysis was performed using FreeSurfer software. Results: We observed increased thickness in the left Broca's Area (p<0.01), left frontal poles (p<0.01) and right lateral orbitofrontal gyri (p<0.01) in non-responders versus responders. Conversely, the left caudal anterior cingulate cortex (p<0.01) was thicker in responders versus non-responders. Group differences were retained post treatment. Conclusions: Our current findings match our previous study showing a thicker anterior cingulate in MDD versus controls. Other studies have indicated structural differences in the frontal pole and lateral orbitofrontal gyrus in MDD. This preliminary data suggests that these regions may act as baseline structural biomarkers for rTMS treatment responders, and may influence future MDD treatment protocols.
A randomized sham-controlled study of transcranial direct current stimulation in depression$$$ Introduction: Studies have shown efficacy of transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in treatment resistant depression and were found to be effective in depression to some degree but with many limitations. Fregni et al, (2006) (n =10, tDCS at 1mA, 20min per session) observed significant reduction of depressive symptoms (60- 70%) but had limitations of small sample size and only 5 sessions. Aims and Objectives: Present study attempts to evaluate potential use of tDCS in depression as an adjunct to conventional anti-depressant treatment; specifically aimed at assessing the efficacy of active tDCS at left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on depressive symptomatology. Material and Method: It will be a cross-sectional hospital based study, conducted at a tertiary level psychiatry care facility in eastern India. Study population will consist of 30 right handed patients (assessed using handedness bias schedule), with unipolar depression defined as per ICD-10. Patients will be divided into two groups of 15 each, by simple randomization. One will receive active tDCS and the other sham stimulus. Treatment-as-usual, following Institute's protocol, will be given to both and kept unchanged during study period. Baseline assessment of patient will be done using 'Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression' (HAM-D) and Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HAM-A).tDCS will be administered with anode over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (PF3, 10/20 system), and the cathode placed over the lateral aspect of the contralateral orbit (F8, 10/20 system). Stimulation will be given at 2mA for 20 min (ramped over 30 sec). For sham stimulation, a 1mA current will be applied for 30 sec giving just an initial sensation. Total of 15 sessions will be given over a 3 week period. Symptomatology will be reassessed at 3 weeks, and efficacy of tDCS will be assessed. Results and Discussion: The results will be presented and discussed at the time of presentation.
Efficacy of adjunctive neuronavigated repetitive trans cranial magnetic stimulation(rTMS) in localization related epilepsy in children and adolescents: A sham-controlled study$$$ Introduction: Refractory epilepsy, estimated to affect 10-20 % children with epilepsy, can have profound effect on the education, social and cognitive functioning and recreational activities of the child. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a safe, noninvasive and easily applied technology, can certainly be tested as an alternative to drug therapy. Low-frequency (<1 Hz) rTMS (slow rTMS) decreases the excitability of the primary motor and other cortical areas. Long-term depression, a phenomenon associated with synaptic plasticity, which can be induced by rTMS, might be part of the underlying mechanism. Low-frequency rTMS prolonged the latency of the development of pentylenetetrazol- induced seizures in rats, which provided a rationale for using low-frequency TMS to treat patients with epilepsy. Purpose: This study is designed to evaluate the effect of adjunctive neuronavigated rTMS in localization related epilepsy in children and adolescents. To the best of our knowledge it is first of this kind of studies where neuronavigation for rTMS is being used, to maintain site specificity. Also there are very few studies in children and adolescent age group. Methods: 6 patients, of either sex, aged between eight to eighteen years, with 4 or more paroxysms of localization related epilepsy, with or without secondary generalization, in last one month on continuous antiepileptics, will be included in study. They will be divided randomly and equally in active group, receiving 2 daily sessions of neuronavigated rTMS (100% Motor Threshold) at 0.3 Hz on vertex for total of 10 sessions over a week, and sham group, receiving sham stimulation with same protocol. Pre and post stimulation Seizure frequency, qEEG, along with scores in depression and anxiety rating scales will be obtained and compared up to 3 months after stimulation. Results and Conclusions: Will be discussed at the time of presentation.
Effect of adjuvant rTMS on childhood obsessivecompulsive disorder (OCD)$$$ Introduction: Childhood obsessive-compulsive disorder is a chronic disorder, often running a waning and waxing course. Despite advances in treatment, a large number of patients do not show much improvement. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown efficacious in many psychiatric disorders, namely depression and auditory hallucinations, with conflicting reports in adult OCD. In our study, we wanted to assess its efficacy in childhood OCD. Aims and Objections: To assess the efficacy of rTMS in obsessions and compulsions in childhood OCD. Inclusion criteria: OCD cases < 18 years with mild to moderate depression. Exclusion criteria: Any other co-morbid psychiatric disorder, neurological disease, ECT in the past 6 months. Materials and Methods: Sample size: 20, Venue: K. S. Mani Centre of Cognitive Neurosciences, CIP, Sampling: Purposive, Scales: Childhood Yale Brown Obsessive-compulsive scale (CY-BOCS), Childhood depression inventory (CDI) and pediatric anxiety rating scale (PARS). Procedure: 20 patients fulfilling inclusion and exclusion criteria were randomly alloted using random number generator to either 'active' (n = 10) or 'sham' rTMS (n = 10) and rated on CY-BOCS, CDI, PARS. They were given 10 sessions of low frequency (1Hz) rTMS over the supplementary motor area over 2 weeks. A second rating was done after 2 weeks and a final rating after 4 weeks to aseess the efficacy of rTMS. Analysis and Results: To be presented at the time of presentation.
Paired-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (PPTMS) in measures of cortical inhibition during propofol infusion$$$ Rationale: Propofol, a GABA A receptor agonist, is frequently used as a first line intravenous therapy for refractory status epilepticus (RSE) because it allows rapid control of the depth anesthesia and has a short duration of action. While patient's clinical status and electroencephalography (EEG) are most commonly used to govern the propofol infusion rate in RSE, there are no reliable noninvasive methods to quantify the extent to which propofol is augmenting GABAergic intracortical inhibition. In the current study, using a rat model, we tested whether changes in cortical inhibition can be detected by ppTMS over a range of intravenous (IV) propofol infusion rates and boluses. Methods: Rats (n=50) were anesthetized with IV propofol 1 mg/kg/min. Pairs of stimuli were delivered with 20-sec interval for all experiments. Both conditioning (CS) and test stimuli (TS) were set to 120% motor threshold. Long interval (100 msec) ppTMS was used to approximate human protocols as previously described by our lab (Vahabzadeh et al., J. Neurophysiol, 2011) Motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) were obtained from the contralateral brachioradialis muscle for a 5-min baseline. Rats were then randomized to one of two experiments: In the first experiment, animals received IV propofol bolus of 10 mg/kg (n=18), 20mg/kg (n=8) or no bolus (n=9) after the baseline and was followed with 15 min of ppTMS monitoring. In the second experiment, the IV propofol infusion rate was increased to 2 mg/kg/minfor 15 min, before returning to 1 mg/kg/min for another 15 min, also while monitoring cortical excitability by ppTMS (n=8). A control group (n=9) had a continue infusion rate of 1mg/kg/min during 30 min. Results: In the first experiment, we found a dose-dependent reduction (p<0.01) in both the first (post-CS) and second (post-TS) MEP after either propofol bolus. However, the depression of the post-TS MEP persisted longer (p<0.004) and thus appeared as a more sensitive measure of propofol-mediated cortical inhibition. The change in ppTMS measures of cortical inhibition was evident within 20 sec of the propofol bolus, and lasted for approximately 10 min. In the second experiment, we found a significant (p<0.03) and progressive post-CS and post-TS MEP reduction correlated with increased propofol infusion rate, and, as after a propofol bolus, the post-TS MEP recovered slower to baseline. Conclusions: We showed that ppTMS can detect changes in cortical inhibition associated with either bolused or continuously-infused propofol, and that the ppTMS metric varies with sub-minute temporal resolution. In realistic embodiments, this ppTMS measure of cortical inhibition may also provide a measure of seizure susceptibility.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of brief vs ultrabrief right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for depression$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective depression treatment but with potential cognitive side effects. Ultrabrief pulse width (UBP) right unilateral (RUL) ECT is an increasingly used treatment option that can potentially combine efficacy with less cognitive side effects. However current trials are underpowered or have conflicting results. A systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted to evaluate the relative efficacy and cognitive effects of Brief Pulse (BP) and UBP RUL ECT. Methods: Databases were searched for all randomized, controlled and naturalistic prospective studies up till June 2013, comparing BP and UBP RUL ECT in depressed patients that reported formalized mood ratings for depression. Six studies met the inclusion criteria, comprising a total of 689 patients. Efficacy, cognitive, response and remission outcomes were extracted from each publication or obtained directly from its authors. Results: BP RUL ECT was significantly more efficacious (SMD: 0.25, CI: 0.08 - 0.41, p=0.004), but showed significantly more cognitive side effects in all cognitive domains examined (global cognition, anterograde learning and recall, retrograde memory). The average number of treatment sessions given was 8.7 (BP ECT) and 9.6 (UBP ECT) (p=<0.001). UBP had a lower remission rate (OR 0.71, CI: 0.51 - 0.99, p=0.045), with a NNT of 13. Conclusions: BP compared with UBP RUL ECT was slightly more efficacious and required less treatment sessions, but greater cognitive side effects. Clinicians should consider UBP RUL ECT for patients not requiring an urgent response and at increased risk of cognitive side effects.
Assessment of efficacy of cognitive behavior therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression symptoms' reduction$$$ Introduction: Depression is a common psychological disorder and there are several methods to treat it. Therefore, it is very important to identify effective and permanent treatment. The aim of present research was to compare the efficacy of cognitive behavior therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression symptoms' reduction. Method: To do so, 20 patient with depression where selected and randomly were assigned to two groups; i.e. cognitive behavior therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Subjects completed the Beck Depression Inventory through pretest, posttest and follow up intervals. The data were analyzed using repeated measure of analysis of variance. Results: The results showed that both treatments were effective in reducing depression symptoms. However, no significant difference was found between two methods, but there was significant difference between two groups on follow up scores. Conclusion: The present study indicated that effectiveness of cognitive behavior therapy, over time is more permanent than repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Efficacy, relaps and cognitive side effects after brief pulse and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive the for major depression: A randomised double blind controlled study$$$ Introduction: To compare the efficacy, relapse rate and short-/ longterm cognitive functioning of unilateral brief pulse (BP) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with unilateral (RUL) ultrabrief pulse (UBP) ECT in the treatment of major depression. Method: We conducted a prospective, double blind, randomized multicenter trial. 116 patients suffering from major depression according to DSM IV criteria were eligible. Patients received twice weekly RUL BP (1.0 millisecond) or RUL UBP (0.3-0.4 millisecond) ECT eight times seizure threshold until remission (MADRS<10), for a maximum of six weeks after which they entered a naturalistic follow-up. Three and six months after the double blind treatment phase patients were monitored for relapse and cognitive performance (retrograde amnesia, semantic memory and executive functioning). Results: Of the 116 patients 75% (n=87) completed the study. The BP group achieved remission in 68.4% (n=26) vs. 49.0% (n=24; p=0.019) in the UBP group and needed less treatment sessions to achieve remission: 7.1 (sd 2.6) vs. 9.2 (sd 2.3); p=0.008. There were no significant group differences for the evaluation of the cognitive assessments. Of the 50 patients who remitted after index ECT 44 were monitored for follow up. Relapse occurred in 25% of the BP group and in 25% of the UBP group (χ2=0.00, p=1.0) at threemonths follow-up; whereas 43.5% of the BP group and 35% of the UBP group relapsed (χ2=0.322, p=0.57) at six months follow-up. The long term evaluation of the cognitive assessments showed no significant differences between BP and UBP groups. Conclusion: The efficacy and speed of remission of BP ECT twice weekly was superior compared to UBP ECT with equal cognitive side effects. Patients that achieved remission after RUL BP or RUL UBP ECT show similar relapse rates after three and six months. There was no cognitive advantage of UBP over BP ECT three and six months post ECT.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation neurophysiologic and therapeutic studies in child and adolescent depression$$$ Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is a common psychiatric disease in childhood which confers substantial morbidity and a significant societal burden. The pathophysiology and optimal treatment of early-onset MDD is poorly understood. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an important tool for therapeutic and neurophysiologic research studies in children and adolescents with mood disorders. This presentation will provide an overview of recent work from the Mayo Clinic Pediatric Neurostimulation lab. Recent neurophysiologic investigations examining youth with MDD and healthy controls include a cross-sectional study of cortical excitability (assessed with motor threshold and intracortical facilitation measures) and inhibition (assessed with shortinterval cortical inhibition and cortical silent period measures). Initial results suggest that children and adolescents with depression have increased glutamatergic intracortical facilitation. Another study examining long-interval cortical inhibition in depressed adolescents initiating treatment with fluoxetine suggests that baseline deficits in long-interval cortical inhibition may be associated with a poor response to fluoxetine. Exploratory work also suggests that motor threshold and long-interval cortical inhibition measures change with age in early life. Our group has now also treated 24 depressed adolescents with high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. (30 sessions of 10 Hz rTMS at 120% motor threshold). In open-label treatment, the mean Children's Depression Rating Scale Revised score increased over the course of 30 sessions and further at 6 month follow-up. A blinded, randomized, sham-controlled trial is in progress. Ethical principles and careful consideration of the risk-benefit ratio must remain at the forefront of this work with a vulnerable population. However, future research will develop TMS as a research tool for developmental neuroscience and novel treatment in youth struggling with psychiatric diseases.
Dorsomedial prefrontal rTMS for major depression: Safety, tolerability, and effectiveness for 10 Hz versus iTBS 185 in consecutive cases$$$ Background: Conventional rTMS protocols for major depression target dorsolateral prefrontal cortex using >30 min sessions. However, recent studies have sought to improve costs, capacities, and outcomes by targeting dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC), or employing briefer protocols such as theta burst stimulation (iTBS). Objective: To compare safety, effectiveness, and outcome predictors for DMPFC-rTMS with 10 Hz (30 min) versus iTBS (6 min) protocols, in a large, naturalistic, retrospective case series. Methods: A chart review identified 185 patients with a medication- resistant major depressive episode who underwent 20-30 sessions of DMPFC-rTMS (10 Hz, n=98; iTBS, n=87) at a single Canadian clinic from 2011-2014. Results: Clinical characteristics of 10 Hz and iTBS patients did not differ prior to treatment, aside from slightly higher age in iTBS patients. A total 7912 runs of DMPFC-rTMS (10 Hz, 4274; iTBS, 3638) were administered, without any seizures or other serious adverse events, and no significant differences in rates of premature discontinuation or adverse symptoms between groups. Dichotomous outcomes did not differ significantly between groups (Response/remission rates: BDI-II: 10 Hz, 40.6%/29.2%; iTBS, 43.0%/ 31.0%. HamD17: 10 Hz, 50.6%/38.5%; iTBS, 48.5%/27.9%). On continuous outcomes, there was no significant difference between groups in pre-treatment or post-treatment scores, or percent improvement on either BDI-II of HamD17. Mixed-effects modelling revealed no significant group-by-time interaction on either measure. Conclusions: Both 10 Hz and iTBS DMPFC-rTMS appear safe and tolerable at 120% resting motor threshold. The effectiveness of 6 min iTBS and 30 min 10 Hz protocols appears comparable. Randomized trials comparing 10 Hz to iTBS may be warranted. (Figure Presented).
Intermittent theta-burst versus 10 Hz left dorsolateral prefrontal rTMS for treatment resistant depression: Preliminary results from a two-site, randomized, single blind noninferiority trial$$$ Background: Conventional rTMS for treatment resistant depression (TRD) targets dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) using 3000 pulses of 10 Hz stimulation, delivered over 37.5 min. Briefer protocols with non-inferior efficacy could yield multi-fold benefits for the overall accessibility of rTMS in major depression. Intermittent theta-burst stimulation (iTBS) requires 3 min to administer, yet has shown equal or greater potency to conventional protocols for inducing synaptic facilitation. Objective: To determine if iTBS is non-inferior to 10 Hz rTMS in treating TRD. Methods: A two-site, non-inferiority trial plans to enroll 202 patients with unipolar MDD, randomized to receive 20-30 weekday sessions of either iTBS (600 pulses, 3 min) or 10 Hz rTMS (4 s on, 26 s off, 75 trains, 3000 pulses), both delivered at 120% RMT to left DLPFC under MRI-guidance (MNI X-38 Y+44 Z+26), with 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (17-HDRS) score as the primary outcome measure. Non-inferiority will be determined if the mean change in 17-HDRS for iTBS is no worse than the mean change for 10 Hz rTMS by a margin of 1.75 points. Results: A planned interim analysis was conducted while maintaining the blind to treatment allocation in the first 105 subjects. Groups showed no significant differences on the primary noninferiority outcome 17-HDRS improvement was 37.1% (24.3 to 15.0) vs. 37.2% (24.1 to 14.8). There were no tolerability differences between groups. Groups did not differ on either dichotomous outcomes (response/remission rates 42.0%/20.0% vs. 40.7%/18.5%). Mixed-effects modeling revealed no significant group-by-time interaction (z=0.46, p=0.644). Conclusions: Preliminary data suggest that both 10 Hz and iTBS rTMS of the left DLPFC appear safe, tolerable and effective at 120% RMT. Confirmation of non-inferior effectiveness of iTBS vs. 10 Hz rTMS at trial completion could translate into significantly greater rTMS accessibility for TRD patients. (Figure Presented).
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) effects on depression, negative symptoms and cognition in schizophrenia$$$ Background: Brain stimulation techniques are considered for augmentation strategies in the treatment of depression but there are limited data concerning its application in schizophrenia. Estimation of the rTMS efficacy for depression in schizophrenia patients was the primary objective of the study. The secondary objective was to find relations between affective, negative and cognitive symptoms during the rTMS treatment. Methods: 66 schizophrenia (ICD-10) patients with prominent negative symptoms and depression (CDSS score ≤ 6) on constant antipsychotic treatment were included in the study. Patients were randomized in 2 groups. Patients of the 1st group received 15-Hz rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (100% intensity, 6- second trains, 60-second intervals, 20-train session, 15 sessions total) with 8-shaped coil Neuro-MS/D stimulator (Neurosoft, Russia). SSRI treatment in the 2nd group was used as an active control. Patients were assessed weekly with CDSS, PANSS and with the battery of cognitive tests. The criterion of efficacy was 50% CDSS score reduction. Results: The number of responders was 62,5% in the rTMS group and 52,9% in the control group. CDSS score reduction was 50,6% (p<0,05) in rTMS group and 47,4% (p<0,05) in the control group, PANSS negative subscale reduction was 15,5% (p<0,05) vs 5,8% (p<0,05) correspondingly. Cognitive test results have an inverse correlation with PANSS negative subscale. The improvement of the symbol coding task (Wechsler D., 1955) score was 20,3% (p<0,05) in rTMS group and 11,4% (p<0,05) in the control group. The fast cognitive response was more likely to correspond with the positive outcome of the treatment. Conclusions: The study revealed that rTMS is comparable in efficacy and tolerability to conventional pharmacological treatment of depression in schizophrenia. Moreover, there are evidence of improvement in negative symptoms and cognition possibly related to rTMS treatment. These findings support an interest to further studies of rTMS in schizophrenia patients.
TMS is a cost effective alternative to antidepressant medication in pharmacoresistant major depression: A propensity-score matched health economic analysis$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a safe and effective in those patients unable to benefit from initial antidepressant medication. A recent, large multisite study of acute TMS treatment in clinical practice showed a significant reduction in depression scores at the conclusion of acute treatment (Carpenter, et al., 2012). In this study, propensity score matching method was used to create a pseudo-randomized comparison between TMS patients and patients enrolled in the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression (STAR∗D) study in order to compare outcomes. Methods: Three hundred and six patients treated with NeuroStar TMS Therapy were matched to STAR∗D patients by propensity score methods using a greedy algorithm. A logistic regression model was used for constructing propensity scores, and 1:1 matching was achieved. Data from the matched populations were analyzed to estimate the weekly failure and improvement rates. A Markov model was used to estimate total cost and quality-adjusted life years (QALY) expected for each treatment. Results: While either treatment option increased the proportion of patients reporting no or mild depression after 6 weeks, the improvement observed in patients treated with TMS was greater than the improvement observed among the STAR∗D patients (53% of TMS patients and 38% of STAR∗D study patients (P=0.0023) were in the no or mild depression category after 6 weeks). TMS provides an Incremental Cost-Effectiveness Ratio of $36,383/QALY which is less than the usually accepted “willingness-to-pay” standard of $50,000. Mean annual costs were estimated at $11,886 and $10,888 for TMS and STAR∗D patients, respectively; a difference of $998. Conclusion: TMS results in a greater proportion of patients achieving clinically and statistically meaningful levels of improvement at the end of 6 weeks compared to patients treated with conventional medication therapy. TMS is a cost-effective treatment option for patients with pharmacoresistant major depression.
Reduction of pain-related symptoms with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatment in depressed patients$$$ Background: The prevalence of pain symptoms in patients with major depressive disorder ranges from 15 to 100%. The presence of comorbid moderate to extreme pain contributes significantly to unfavorable outcomes, poor health-related quality of life and increased costs in the treatment of depression. Methods: This study was designed to assess changes in patientreported pain outcomes following TMS treatment when used for the primary management of major depressive disorder in two large clinical trials: 1) 301 medication-free patients with pharmacoresistant major depression randomized to active or sham TMS in a 6- week controlled trial, or 2) open-label, naturalistic treatment of 307 patients at 42 US-based clinical practice sites. The outcome was defined as the change in the bodily pain scores of the Medical Outcomes Study (MOS) 36-Item Short Form scale from baseline through end of acute treatment. Results: The SF-36 Bodily Pain scores improved significantly following acute treatment with TMS in both the randomized trial and the naturalistic study. In the randomized trial, patients with pain scores below the median, treated with active TMS improved a mean 4.5 (SD 8.7) (P<0.001) compared to sham. Over the course of acute treatment in the naturalistic study, patients' Bodily Pain scores improved from 44.5 to 48.1 (P<0.0001). Conclusion: TMS shows statistically significant benefits in patientreported outcomes. Patients with more severe pain at baseline experienced greater improvement in their scores relative to the total population. The effect of TMS in the treatment of depression is not only disease symptom-specific but also associated with a general improvement in pain symptoms.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation: Antidepressant efficacy and three-month follow-up$$$ Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is characterized by sadness, physical symptoms and significant distress. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a focal intervention which modulates activity in brain areas involved on the circuits of affection. Objective: Evaluate the clinical efficacy of acute EMT and three month follow-up in patients with MDD. Methods: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. MDD patients, from outpatient. Fifteen sessions of active or sham TMS and later two sessions per month were applied for 3months. Sessions were applied with a transcranial magnetic stimulator MAG model pro x 100, 5 Hz, 30 trains,100% of motor threshold. Patients were assessed with clinical depression and anxiety scales; basal, weekly and at the end of the 3-month follow-up. Treatment groups were compared with t tests. ClinicalTrials.gov identifier: NCT02213016. Results: Thirty-one patients were included, 71% female. The mean age was 21.16 years (SD=2.88). Nineteen patients received active TMS and 12 received sham TMS. Twelve patients completed followup. Statistically significant differences were found between active vs. sham TMS in the Hamilton depression scale, starting from the second week of treatment. This improvement was maintained after 3 months of treatment. Discussion And Conclusions: In this sample it was found that patients had clinical response to active EMT and this improvement was maintained. Other studies have shown that TMS has 3.88 times more likely to show a clinical response compared with patients receiving sham TMS. It has been suggested that brain's left hemisphere is involved in the generation and modulation of positive affect and negative affect in the right hemisphere. Then, applying EMT aims to “normalize” the abnormal activity of the prefrontal cortex. This project aids in understanding information about EMT's clinical efficacy.
Retraining the brain to beat depression: tDCS and cognitive control training$$$ Background: Major depressive disorder (MDD) is frequently associated with underactivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) which has led to this brain region being identified as an important target for the development of neurobiological treatments. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) administered to the DLPFC has antidepressant efficacy, however the magnitude of antidepressant outcomes are modest and clinically suboptimal. Concurrent cognitive activity has been shown to enhance tDCS induced stimulation effects. Cognitive control training (CCT) is a new neurobehavioural therapy for MDD that aims to enhance DLPFC activity via behavioral methods. As concurrent cognitive activity can enhance the impact of tDCS, we tested the hypothesis that co-administration of tDCS and CCT would result in greater reduction in depressive severity than administration of either tDCS or CCT alone. Methods: 27 adult participants in the midst of a major depressive episode were randomised into a three-arm sham-controlled between-groups pilot study comparing the efficacy of tDCS + CCT, sham tDCS + CCT and sham CCT + tDCS (5 sessions administered on consecutive working days). Blinded assessments of depression severity and cognitive control were conducted at baseline, end of treatment and a three week follow up review. Results: All three treatment conditions were associated with an initial reduction in depression severity (p's = .02 - .06). However, only administration of tDCS + CCT resulted in sustained antidepressant response at follow up (p < .001), the magnitude of which was greater than that observed immediately following conclusion of the treatment course. Greater antidepressant response was associated with improved accuracy on a task of DLPFC mediated cognitive control following the first treatment session, and improved accuracy on a task of negative information processing at follow up. Conclusions: The clinical superiority of concurrent tDCS and CCT was apparent even in a small sample and following a relatively short treatment course. This provides encouraging initial evidence for a potential new approach to treating depression.
Non invasive brain stimulation therapy restores neuroplasticity in depression$$$ Introduction: Clinical and preclinical evidence suggests that neuroplasticity is impaired in depression. However, prior clinical research testing functional plasticity has often been confounded by possible impacts of subject motivation and effort. We used a brain stimulation technique to test neuroplasticity independent of subject motivation and effort in a series of studies in depressed subjects and healthy controls. Methods: First, Paired Associative Stimulation (PAS) and Theta Burst Stimulation (TBS) were compared as tests of neuroplasticity in the motor cortex in healthy subjects. Then, PAS testing was used to compare functional neuroplasticity in 23 depressed subjects and age and gender matched controls. Lastly,18 depressed subjects who received a 4-week treatment course of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) were tested with the PAS protocol before and after treatment. Neuroplasticity is currently being assessed before and after 4 weeks of non-invasive brain stimulation treatment in a randomised, sham-controlled trial. Results: PAS induced neuroplastic changes more consistently than TBS. Neuroplasticity was significantly reduced in depressed subjects compared with healthy controls (p=0.002). A four-week course of tDCS improved mood and normalised neuroplasticity (as tested by PAS) in depressed subjects, though these two outcomes were not correlated. Conclusions: Neuroplasticity was reduced in depression, as demonstrated by an objective test not confounded by subject effort and motivation. tDCS improved mood and restored neuroplasticity in depressed subjects.
A randomized controlled comparison of neuro-navigated unilateral vs sequential bilateral rTMS for treatment resistant depression$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is efficacious for treatment resistant major depressive disorder (TRD). The efficacy of rTMS may be optimized in previous by: stimulation of both the right and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), neuroimaging targeting of the DLPFC and stimulation intensity adjusted for the coil to cortex distance. This study evaluated the efficacy of high frequency left-sided (HFL) rTMS and sequential bilateral (low frequency right-sided (LFR) followed by HFL) rTMS compared to sham rTMS in TRD using methods to optimize outcomes. Methods: Participants between the ages of 18 and 85 were recruited from a tertiary care university hospital. 121 participants with Stage II TRD were randomized to receive either sequential bilateral rTMS, HFL-rTMS or sham rTMS for between 3 or 6 weeks duration depending on treatment response. Stimulation was targeted at the talaraich coordinates of x= -45 or 45 (depending on hemisphere), y=45 and z=35. This area is approximately over the junction of the middle and anterior thirds of the middle frontal gyrus and is very close to the junction of Brodmann areas 9 and 46. The rate of remission (defined as a 17-item Hamilton Depression Ratings Scale score <8) was the primary outcome. Results: The remission rate differed significantly among the three groups (p = 0.025). The remission rate was significantly higher in the bilateral group than the sham group (p = 0.014). The remission rates did not differ in between the bilateral and unilateral groups nor between the unilateral sham group. There were no differences in tolerability outcomes among the three groups. Discussion: Our findings suggest that neuroimaging targeted sequential bilateral rTMS is a superior strategy than HFL rTMS in a population of depressed patients with high levels of treatment resistance.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to remediate cognitive function in euthymic bipolar disorder patients$$$ Patients with bipolar disorder show continuing psychosocial and occupational dysfunction even when they are euthymic, and cognitive deficits in working memory and sustained attention are associated with worse outcomes. A single session of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) when given to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) has been shown to enhance working memory in healthy and clinical populations. We examined whether a single session of tDCS can similarly enhance working memory or sustained attention in euthymic bipolar disorder patients. Fifteen euthymic bipolar disorder patients were randomized to receive a single session of sham tDCS, anodal tDCS to the LDLPFC with extracephalic cathode (F-EX tDCS) and anodal tDCS to the LDLPFC with cerebellar cathode (F-CE tDCS), in a counterbalanced order. Participants completed a 3-back letter working memory task and an auditory continuous performance test 'online' during active or sham tDCS at each session. Active tDCS was administered for 30 minutes at 2 mA. No effect of either active F-EX or F-CE tDCS on working memory or sustained attention was found for the entire group. However, exploratory cluster analyses conducted on performance outcomes for both active conditions relative to sham tDCS revealed 2-cluster solutions for both abilities, suggesting improvement in some individuals but not others. Specifically, working memory improved in 4/15 with F-EX, and 5/15 patients with F-CE tDCS, respectively. Improved sustained attention performance was also found in 4/15 patients with F-CE tDCS, however, no improvement was found with F-EX tDCS. Cognitive enhancing effects of active F-EX and F-CE tDCS were evident only in a minority of participants. The considerable interindividual variability in outcomes observed with active tDCS is consistent with known variability in the motor cortex. This study provides preliminary evidence in support of F-CE tDCS for improving working memory and sustained attention in euthymic bipolar disorder patients.
TMS therapy and pre-and post-QEEG in recurrent major depression disorder$$$ Background & Objectives: The Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation is a safe and noninvassive method for treatment of major depression from two decade and is approved by FDA from 2008. In depressed patients there are specific changes in quantitative electroencephalography (QEEG) in comparison with normal persons in some areas of brain. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effectiveness of rTMS (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) in reduction the signs and symptoms of depression and the changes in brain,s wave (QEEG). Method: It was used a quasi experimental, pretest - posttest design with control group, a sample consisting of 32 patients who had recurrent depression on the basis of SCID, BDI& Hamilton scales. They were randomly assigned to two groups. The experimental group underwent 20 sessions of rTMS on the Left DLPFC as the independent factor and both groups (control &experimental ) had 12 session psychotherapy and drugs treatment. During treatment it was used BDI once in a week to determine the effect of rTMS. Before and after rTMS treatment, the patients were given HAM and QEEG, were taken. Result: This research showed adding rTMS to the usual treatment have reduced significantly the rate of depression,( ? = 0/05) (Beck scale P ≤ 0/001 & T= 4/11) ∗ (Hamilton Scale P ≤ 0/001 & F = 28/77). In QEEG, a general increase in delta and theta power was observed, an effect that is seen following rTMS administration. Conclusion: The rTMS decreased the signs and symptoms of depression and increase delta waves In QEEG.
The efficacy and safety of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder: Singleblind, randomized study$$$ Background: Depressive disorder is a great burden to society with increasing suicidal risk and functional impairment. Even though biological treatment of depressive disorder has been developed, a substantial portion of the patients with depressive disorder remain partially treated or treatment resistant state. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may have the potential to increase remission rate for depressive patients. However, current rTMS has limited accessibility because it requires at least three weeks treatment duration. Recently, accelerated rTMS may provide a possibility to reduce treatment duration with comparable efficacy and safety. We investigated the efficacy and safety of accelerated rTMS for treatment of depression. Methods: Patients with major depressive disorder who gave written informed consents were randomized to the two active treatment groups. Ten patients were randomized to accelerated rTMS group and gender matched ten patients were randomized to conventional rTMS group. Accelerated rTMS group had received 15 rTMS sessions for three days (5 rTMS sessions per day) and conventional rTMS group had received 15 rTMS sessions for three weeks (1 rTMS session per weekday). Changes of depressive symptoms score and outcome related to adverse events after rTMS were compared between the two treatment groups. Results: There was significant symptom improvement three weeks after rTMS treatment in each rTMS group. However, depressive symptom changes and adverse event effects after rTMS treatment was not different between the two treatment groups. Conclusion: Accelerated rTMS showed efficacy and safety comparable to conventional rTMS in treatment of the patients with major depressive disorder. Further study with large subjects and longer duration of symptom evaluation may be needed.
The role of co-morbid personality pathology in the outcome of electroconvulsive therapy in major depression$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment of depression. The comorbidity of major depressive disorder (MDD) with personality disorders is frequent with prevalence rates ranging from 30% to 80%. Previous research suggests that the comorbidity of MDE with a personality disorder is associated with a poorer response to ECT. Methods: In this ancillary study of a randomized, three-arm parallel- group study we compared the acute outcome of ECT in 60 patients with MDD with and without comorbid subthreshold and/ or personality disorder at baseline (T0) and after acute-ECT (T1) (mean ECT 18.2 +/-7.8), and 6 months after end of acute-ECT (T3). Outcome measures were the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the Hamilton Rating Scale (HAMD). We assessed the Dimensional Assessment of Personality Pathology-Basic Questionnaire (DAPPBQ). The scales were each subjected as within-factors to an ANOVA with response to ECT as between-subject factor. Furthermore, we tested ECT patients after having completed continuation therapy with 1) antidepressant medication (AD), 2) Continuation-ECT (CECT) + AD, and 3) Continuation-Psychotherapy (C-PT) + AD to assess association of personality with response. Results: Patients with comorbid personality accentuation compared to patients without comorbid personality disorder responded less to the treatment with ECT. The analysis of the DAPPBQ yielded a significant difference between responders (n=42) and non-responders (n=18) to ECT for anxiousness (mean-score responders: 42.25, mean non-responders:51.05,F=4.157, p=0.046,non-corr.), cognitive dysregulation (mean-resp.:34.85, mean-non-resp.:42.52, F=4.51,p=0.038,non-corr.) and self-harm (mean-resp.:24.04, mean-non-resp.:35.05, F=7.685,p=0.001, Bonferroni corrected) suggesting lower scores in the questionnaire. Within the continuation group those patients who were completers as compared to patients with a relapse had significantly lower scores on the scales cognitive dysregulation, affective lability and narcissism (p<0.05). Discussion: Comorbid personality pathology should be brought into special focus for additional treatment regimes, in order to provide this group of patients with the best possible prevention strategy for relapses.
Augmentation effect of low frequency-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over pre-supplementary motor area in obsessive compulsive disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Up to 30% of patients suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) are refractory to all available pharmacotherapeutic and psychotherapeutic interventions. In the current study we evaluated the efficacy of low frequency-repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over pre-supplementary motor area (PMA) in reducing OC symptoms in partial responders/ nonresponders to pharmacotherapy in OCD. Methods: 34 patients with OCD who had failed to respond adequately to an adequate trial of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) were randomized equally to receive 3 weeks of either real or sham LF-rTMS over PMA. Both groups received 1200 stimuli of rTMS per day at 1 Hz for 18 days. All patients were assessed by blinded raters using Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS), Hamilton anxiety rating scale (HAM-A), Hamilton depression, Rating scale (HAM-D), Clinical Global Impression- Severity of illness (CGI-S), HIndi-Mental Status Examination (HMSE) & UKU Side-effect Rating Scale-done at 0,1,2,3 and 12 weeks of treatment. Results: 31 patients completed the study. There was no significant difference socio-demographic &clinical profile & baseline symptoms severity between the two groups. At the end of 3 weeks there was no significant difference in Y-BOCS total, Y-BOCS, obsessions, CGI-S, HAM-A, HAM-D and HMSE scores. The Y-BOCS compulsions score was significantly lower in the real rTMS group compared to the sham group (10.6 ± 4.3 vs. 6.9 ± 3.9; t=2.469, p=0.02). However there was not time∗group interaction in Y-BOCS total (F=0.076, p=0.972), Y-BOCS obsession (F=0.162, p=0.921) as well as Y-BOCS compulsions scores (F=0.773, p=0.520) suggesting that both real and sham rTMS improved symptoms to the same extent. Conclusion: LF rTMS over PMA is not an effective augmentation strategy for OCD patients showing inadequate response to SSRIs. This is probably the largest study done on the efficacy of rTMS in OCD till date.
Augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depressive episode with poor drug-response: A comparative study between different protocols of high and low frequency stimulation$$$ Introduction: Transcranial Magnetic Stimulatio (rTMS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation technique which mechanism of action consists in the application of a non-invasive electrical stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) by means of magnetic pulses generated by a special coil [1]. RTMS has been approved by the FDA in 2008 for the treatment of patients with current depressive episode who failed to respond to at least one antidepressant treatment [2]. The aim of the present study was to assess and compare the efficacy and tolerability of different protocols of augmentative rTMS in poor responders with current Major Depressive Episode (MDE) in the context of unipolar or bipolar disorder. Methods: Thirty-three patients were recruited in a 4-week blind rater rTMS trial and randomized to the following 3 groups of stimulation, according to international guidelines [3]: right DLPFC, 1HZ, 110% of the motor threshold (MT), 420 stimuli/day; right DLPFC, continuous,1HZ,110% MT, 900 stimuli/day; left DLPFC 10 Hz, 80% MT, 750 stimuli/day. Results: 29 patients completed the treamtnet, showing a significant reduction of the HAM-D, MADRS and CGI-S overall scores (t=8.1, p<0.001; t=8.6, p<0.001; t=4.6, p<0.001, respectively). No statistically significant differences between the 3 protocols were observed in terms of efficacy and tolerability, as well as between high and low frequency when grouping the two low frequency protocols vs the high frequency one. No statistically significant differences were found between unipolar and bipolar depression. Mild and transient side-effects were reported by 24% of the sample. One hypomanic switch was reported causing one of the four dropouts. Conclusions: rTMS appeared to be an effective and well tolerated strategy for the acute treatment of unipolar and bipolar poor-response depression, with no significant differences between the three protocols of stimulation, nor between high and low frequency.
The key role of the subgenual Cingulate Cortex in refractory unipolar major depression and accelerated hf-rTMS$$$ Background: Although the phenomenon of treatment-resistant depression (TRD) still remains unclear, the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) has been put forward as a possible neurobiological marker to evaluate clinical effects of a variety of antidepressant treatments, including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Accelerated high-frequency (HF)-rTMS may have the potential to rapidly result in beneficial clinical outcomes in TRD. No studies yet examined the clinical effects of such accelerated stimulation treatment paradigms on sgACC regional glucose metabolism (CMRglc). Objective: We investigated the predictive value of baseline sgACC metabolic activity for clinical outcome and we hypothesized that in clinical responders only accelerated HF-rTMS treatment would result in significant metabolic decreases. Methods: Fifteen right-handed antidepressant-free unipolar melancholic TRD patients participated in a two-week randomized sham-controlled crossover HF-rTMS treatment study. Stimulation was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and all underwent underwent 18FDG PET (CMRglc) imaging. Results: Higher baseline sgACC metabolic activity may indicate beneficial clinical outcome. Moreover, clinical response resulted in a significant decrease in sgACC CMRglc. Non-response did not affect sgACC CMRglc. Conclusions: These findings confirm the sgACC as a specific neurobiological marker for anti-depressive response in accelerated HF-rTMS treatment paradigms. Such protocols may not only have the ability to result in fast clinical responses but they may also have potential to acutely modulate a dysfunctional sgACC.
Safety and efficacy of synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: Low-field magnetic stimulation delivered at an individual's alpha frequency (IAF) significantly affects brain function, and may have therapeutic benefit for the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). This study aimed to test the efficacy and safety of low-field transcranial magnetic stimulation synchronized to IAF (synchronized TMS, or sTMS) for treatment of MDD. Methods: Six-week double blind sham controlled treatment trial of a novel TMS device that used three rotating neodymium magnets to deliver sTMS treatment. IAF was determined from a single-channel EEG prior to first treatment. 120 unmedicated adult subjects with moderate MDD (mean baseline 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD17) score of 21.5) completed six weeks of treatment per-protocol. Antidepressant Treatment History scores ranged from 0-6. Results: Subjects who received sTMS per-protocol (N = 59) had significantly greater mean decrease in HamD17 scores after six weeks than those receiving sham treatment (N = 60) (-9.00 versus -6.56, p=0.033). There was significant interaction between prior history of antidepressant treatment and efficacy: subjects with history of treatment resistance or intolerance in the current episode showed greater differential improvement (-8.58 vs. -4.25, p=0.017) and higher response rates (34.2% vs. 8.3%, p=0.017) to sTMS than sham. Treatment-naïve subjects had high response rates to both active and sham treatments, and showed no difference in mean decrease in HamD17 between the treatments. No serious adverse events were attributable to sTMS. Discussion: Results indicate that sTMS is a safe and effective treatment for MDD. Future studies should examine longer-term benefits of sTMS treatment.
One step closer to patient-specific brain treatments: Interleaved transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)/fMRI to assess the fMRI BOLD response before and after high frequency repetitive TMS treatment$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over the prefrontal cortex daily for 4-6 weeks is an FDAapproved therapy for treatment resistant depression. Although the stimuli delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) are focal, the neurophysiological effects of rTMS may be relayed to structures trans-synaptically connected to this region in a targetspecific manner. It is difficult to measure the changes in moodregulating structures using standard electrophysiological techniques, as they are deep within the brain. Using interleaved TMS/ fMRI, we can examine the changes in mood regulating structures by analyzing their BOLD signal responses. This study examines how brain excitability changes in both cortical and sub-cortical areas immediately following a 20 minute treatment of rTMS over the LDLPFC. Methods: Twenty healthy subjects are included in this sham-controlled single blind study. The experimental paradigm consists of three stages: 1) Pre-rTMS MRI scan using 1 Hz interleaved TMS/ fMRI over LDLPFC 2) active or sham 20 min rTMS treatment immediately after the first scan, and then immediately 3) PostrTMS MRI scan using 1 Hz interleaved TMS/fMRI over LDLPFC scan. Participants were randomized to receive 10 Hz active rTMS on one visit and 10 Hz sham rTMS on the other visit, counterbalanced to prevent an order confound. Results: Early data from this study (n=4) suggests that a 20-minute session of 10 Hz rTMS over the LDLPFC increases BOLD signal response in cortical regions, specifically bilateral frontal lobes. There was a significant decrease in subcortical BOLD response, specifically limbic structures. Discussion: These findings demonstrate that rTMS therapy is not only stimulating the LDLPFC, but also its connected emotional structures. This suggests that a new approach to clinical brain stimulation administration should be considered, which can use these methods to locate and stimulate patient specific cortical regions that are upstream targets of desired subcortical target structures.
The efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation in improving cognitive functioning in depression: A meta-analysis$$$ Background: Evidence is emerging demonstrating the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of depression. However, whether tDCS is also efficacious in promoting lasting cognitive improvement remains unclear, despite evidence of cognitive enhancement after just one session. Here we sought to conduct a meta-analysis on randomized, double-blind, shamcontrolled trials of tDCS in depressive disorders. Methods: Electronic databases were searched for studies published between January 2006 and November 2014. Seven independent active tDCS samples from 6 studies met eligibility criteria (total N = 142, mean age = 46.8 years), and were each compared with respective sham tDCS samples (total N = 140, mean age = 46.4 years). All studies delivered anodal stimulation to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (F3) for between 5 and 15 sessions, and currents ranged from 1 to 2 mA. Three studies placed the cathode over the lateral aspects of the contralateral orbits, whereas the others used the supraorbital region. Results: Compared with sham tDCS, active tDCS participants improved across psychomotor speed, attention span, working memory, and response inhibition, whereas verbal fluency and attentional set-shifting improved more after sham tDCS. Each pooled ES, however, was in the very small range (±0.0-0.19), and all non-significant (p > 0.05). There was no evidence of significant heterogeneity across studies, or publication bias (all p > 0.05). Conclusions: There is limited evidence to suggest that tDCS as currently employed (electrical current strength, frequency/duration of delivery) is effective in promoting cognitive recovery in depressive disorders. Most studies have used small samples, not co-varied for mood improvement, and focused on recurrent-episode and middle-aged cohorts. Future studies may benefit from adjunctive treatments specifically developed to improve neuropsychological functioning, such as cognitive training, and should consider targeting recent-onset individuals in which cognitive deficits may be less entrenched and potentially more responsive to treatment.
The relationship between treatment parameters and efficacy with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: A meta-analytic study$$$ Background: There is great variability in effect sizes across clinical trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in depression. The several treatment parameters have also varied considerably between studies and reflect the lack of consensus for optimal parameters for depression. Whilst few reports have linked patterns of rTMS response to some treatment parameters, the relationship between treatment parameters and efficacy remains to be elucidated. Furthermore, unlike several trials and meta-analyses, this analysis will exclude older depressed samples with potentially different neuropathologies that may confound findings. Methods: PubMed was used to search for peer-reviewed studies published between August 1975 and October 2014 on the efficacy of high-frequency, left prefrontal cortex rTMS treatment in mood disorder cohorts under 65 years-old. Twenty-two studies met eligibility criteria (N=906; mean-age=45) for random effects modelling and pooled effect sizes (ES) for improvement in depression ratings were generated. Moderator analyses were performed to identify predictors of between-study heterogeneity. Results: After controlling for significant publication bias (p<.05), active rTMS was significantly more efficacious in treating depression compared with sham rTMS (ES 0.9). There was significant heterogeneity in effect size (I2=79%; p<.001). Intensity, frequency, total number of pulses or number of sessions did not significantly predict between-study heterogeneity (all p>.05). Conclusions: In keeping with the literature, rTMS has shown to be an overall efficacious treatment for depression in people aged under 65 years despite the large degree of heterogeneity in findings and parameters between clinical trials. It is possible that the parameters included here did not appear to influence efficacy, in part, due to the confounding effects of many other treatment parameters. Future analyses with larger samples should perform multivariate analyses with all predictors in a single model. Additionally, attempts to quantify trial quality and exclude poorer quality trials in analyses may prove insightful.
Non-invasive brain stimulation e a modern approach to improved therapy of nicotin addiction?$$$ Smoking is among the leading causes of mortality world-wide. After discontinuing smoking life expectancy can increase up to the initial level. Unfortunately, unaided attempts are often ineffective, hence strengthening the necessity of cognitive behavioral, nicotine replacement or pharmacotherapy. Even then, however, relapse rates are high. Recently, a modulation of nicotine craving, which has been shown to predict relapse, by means of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) to the prefrontal cortex was shown. In a pilot study (n = 74), we investigated whether four sessions of intermittent Theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) applied as add-on treatment to cognitive behavioral therapy reduces nicotine craving and improves long-term abstinence (assessment at three, six and twelve month). Smokers were randomly assigned to verum (n = 38) or sham group (n = 36). Although we did not find reduced craving, we could show higher abstinence rates in the verum group at 3 months, but not at months six and 12. We provide first evidence for a beneficial effect of additional iTBS on intermediate nicotine abstinence; however, low number of iTBS sessions might have prevented longer effects. More promising and lasting beneficial effects might be achieved by iTBS maintenance sessions in analogy to the treatment of depression.
A Randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in patients with major depression$$$ Background: This pilot study examined the efficacy over one-year of once monthly scheduled maintenance TMS treatment compared to monthly observation for the prevention of symptomatic worsening in patients who have shown a clinical response to acute TMS treatment. Methods: Patients with unipolar, non-psychotic MDD, who had failed to receive benefit from prior antidepressant treatment were enrolled. Patients meeting criteria (HAMD17 <15 and >25 % improvement) at the end of a fixed six-week acute treatment were randomized to two maintenance regimens: (Arm A) once monthly maintenance TMS or (Arm B) monthly observation. Patients in either arm received TMS reintroduction for protocol defined symptomatic worsening (HAMD17 ≥16 and worsening ≥ 25 %). The primary outcome was the proportion of patients without symptomatic worsening throughout the one-year maintenance phase. Results: Sixty seven medication-free patients were enrolled. Fortyone of 67 (61.2%) patient remitted (HAMD17< 8) with acute treatment. Thirty-two patients (16 Arm A, 16 Arm B) met evaluable criteria at 21 weeks. The primary outcome of patients not requiring TMS reintroduction at any time point during the maintenance phase was 5/16 patients (31.3%) with monthly maintenance vs. 4/16 patients (25.0%) for the observation only arm. At study conclusion, 10/16 patients (Arm A) vs. 6/16 patients (Arm B) remained in the study. Conclusions: A 6-week course of NeuroStar TMS in a treatment resistant population induced remission in 61.2% of all enrolled patients. There is a trend towards improved outcome with a once monthly maintenance TMS regimen. This study demonstrates that it is feasible to perform a year-long pharmacotherapy-free study with TMS as the sole maintenance strategy.
A randomized controlled trial of intranasal ketamine in major depressive disorder$$$ Background The N-methyl-D-aspartate glutamate receptor antagonist ketamine, delivered via an intravenous route, has shown rapid antidepressant effects in patients with treatment-resistant depression. The current study was designed to test the safety, tolerability, and efficacy of intranasal ketamine in patients with depression who had failed at least one prior antidepressant trial.
Cognitive processing therapy for male veterans with military sexual trauma-related posttraumatic stress disorder$$$ Objective: The current study examined 11 male veterans with military sexual trauma (MST)-related posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) who participated in a larger randomized control trial comparing cognitive processing therapy (CPT) to a well-established control treatment (Present Centered Therapy; PCT) among men and women with MST-related PTSD. Method: All participants (n = 11) completed a 12 session protocol of CPT. The Clinician Administered PTSD Scale (CAPS), PTSD Checklist (PCL), and Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology (QIDS) were administered at baseline and post-treatment sessions 2, 4, and 6 months after CPT completion. Additionally, the PCL and QIDS were administered every two sessions during CPT treatment. Results: Piecewise growth curve analyses revealed that significant change over time in both PTSD and depressive symptoms was associated with the active treatment phase and that participants maintained treatment gains over the 6-month follow-up period. Conclusions: CPT effectively reduced self-reported symptoms of PTSD as well as depressive symptoms for men with MST-related PTSD. Additionally, participants maintained the gains they made during treatment over a 6-month follow-up period. It is recommended that future studies examine patient characteristics that might impact outcome in order to improve understanding of who benefits the most from treatment.
Status epilepticus and refractory status epilepticus management$$$ Status epilepticus (SE) describes persistent or recurring seizures without a return to baseline mental status and is a common neurologic emergency. SE can occur in the context of epilepsy or may be symptomatic of a wide range of underlying etiologies. The clinician's aim is to rapidly institute care that simultaneously stabilizes the patient medically, identifies and manages any precipitant conditions, and terminates seizures. Seizure management involves "emergent" treatment with benzodiazepines followed by "urgent" therapy with other antiseizure medications. If seizures persist, then refractory SE is diagnosed and management options include additional antiseizure medications or infusions of midazolam or pentobarbital. This article reviews the management of pediatric SE and refractory SE.
Cognitive processing therapy for male veterans with military sexual trauma-related posttraumatic stress disorder$$$ OBJECTIVE: The current study examined 11 male veterans with military sexual trauma (MST)-related posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) who participated in a larger randomized control trial comparing cognitive processing therapy (CPT) to a well-established control treatment (Present Centered Therapy; PCT) among men and women with MST-related PTSD.
Frontal MST for treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) has been investigated in preclinical and clinical studies in major depression. Initial studies have primarily investigated stimulation delivered to the vertex. This stimulation site is further away from important areas involved in the pathophysiology of depression. We hypothesized that MST administered over the frontal cortices would elicit effective seizures and clinical efficacy with minimal cognitive adverse effects. Methods: Patients with a moderate to severe major depressive episode in the context of major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder were enrolled. Patients were included if they had a 24 item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-24) score greater than 21. Treatment resistance was quantified using the Antidepressant Treatment History Form (ATHF). Prior to the initial treatment session the prefrontal cortices were localized using F3 and F4 on an EEG cap using the 10-20 system. All patients were treated with 100% machine intensity and treatment occurred twice or three times per week for up to 24 treatments. Three consecutive series of patients were treated using 100Hz, 50Hz and 25 Hz stimulation. Methohexital sodium with or without Remifentanyl and succinylcholine were used for anaesthesia and muscle relaxation. The primary efficacy endpoint was remission, defined as <10 on the HRSD-24 and a 60% reduction from baseline at two consecutive assessments. Comprehensive cognitive and memory assessments occurred at baseline and endpoint. Results: 68 subjects have been enrolled in this open label pilot study at the time of writing. Treatment courses ranged from 7 to 24 treatments. Remission rate were 40% across the three frequency series. Seizure quality and length was best in the 25Hz group. One missed seizure occurred in one subject. Headache and nausea were the most common adverse effects. Two patients experienced the emergence of mania and hypomania during the course of treatment. No significant worsening on any of the cognitive measures were observed at the endpoint of treatment in remitters and nonremitters. Conclusions: Prefrontal coil placement for MST may be an effective method of achieving robust clinical efficacy in treatment-resistant depression while sparing cognition. These pilot results warrant comparing prefrontal MST to ECT in a randomized clinical trial.
rTMS using summation of electromagnetic fields from a two-coil array: Efficacy for treatment resistant major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Since FDA clearance of the first device for delivery of therapeutic repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in 2008, rTMS has continued to grow in popularity and emerge as a standard of care for individuals with major depressive disorder (MDD) who do not benefit from, or who are unable to tolerate, antidepressant pharmacotherapy. A second generation rTMS system by Cervel Neurotech (Redwood City, CA) uses a two-coil array to generate electrical field potentials at multiple brain network locations, both deep and superficial. The positioning of coils in this device is designed to produce both a summation of the fields at relatively deep cortical sites and avoidance of non-targeted areas. Methods: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, parallel-groups clinical trial was conducted to examine the safety and efficacy of Cervel rTMS as the sole or adjunctive treatment of MDD in adult patients (n=92). Both treatment intolerant and treatment resistant participants (who failed to achieve satisfactory improvement from at least one prior antidepressant medication at or above the minimal effective dose) were enrolled at 6 US sites. Adults meeting eligibility criteria received 20 daily rTMS treatments over 4 weeks. The majority of participants got rTMS as an adjunct to stable (ineffective) pharmacotherapy. Targeted coil centers were positioned over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) and posterior dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (pdmPFC) with 10 Hz stimulation (4-second trains, 26 inter-train interval); maximum summated power for both coils was r 120% of resting motor threshold. Durability of effect was measured 1 month after completion of the final treatment (#20). Serial HAMD-24 assessments were administered electronically via algorithm-based computer program, and the primary efficacy endpoint was change in HAMD-24 score from baseline to endpoint (4 weeks). Results: Data from n=75 patients were included in the perprotocol (PP) sample. Mean HAMD-24 improvement at week 4 for the active treatment group (-15.1±9.6) was significantly greater (p=0.033; Cohen's d=0.5) than for the sham group (-10.4±8.7). Week 4 HAMD-24 response rates were 55.3% for active versus 32.4% for sham (p=.063), and remission rates were 26.3% versus 18.9% (not significant). The proportion of patients who met response criteria at both the end of 20 treatments (week 4) and 1 month later was 41.7% for those who received active rTMS versus 19.4% who received sham (p=.072). Conclusions: Positive results were found in the first controlled clinical trial of rTMS therapy using a new device designed to optimally direct and summate the magnetic energy fields generated by a two-coil array. Despite the modest sample size, results on the primary endpoint support antidepressant efficacy of Cervel rTMS for pharmaco- intolerant or -resistant MDD, with an effect size comparable to those reported for large trials using devices with FDA clearance. Analysis of safety data and secondary measures are currently underway.
Efficacy and safety of low-field synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (sTMS) for treatment of major depression$$$ Background: Low-field magnetic stimulation delivered at an individual's alpha frequency (IAF) significantly affects brain function, and may have therapeutic benefit for the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). This study aimed to test the efficacy and safety of low-field transcranial magnetic stimulation synchronized to IAF (synchronized TMS, or sTMS) for treatment of MDD. Methods: Six-week double blind sham controlled treatment trial of a novel TMS device that used three rotating neodymium magnets to deliver sTMS treatment. IAF was determined from a single-channel EEG prior to first treatment. 120 unmedicated adult subjects with moderate MDD (mean baseline 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD17) score of 21.5) completed six weeks of treatment per-protocol. Antidepressant Treatment History scores ranged from 0-6. The primary study endpoint was change in HamD17 from baseline at six weeks. Subjects who did not enter remission at this endpoint (final HamD17 score<7) were eligible to receive four weeks of treatment using a separate open-label sTMS device. Results: Subjects who received sTMS per-protocol (N=59) had significantly greater mean decrease in HamD17 scores after six weeks than those receiving sham treatment (N=60) (-9.00 versus -6.56, p=0.033). There was significant interaction between prior history of antidepressant treatment and efficacy: subjects with history of treatment resistance or intolerance in the current episode showed greater differential improvement (-8.58 vs. -4.25, p=0.017) and higher response rates (34.2% vs. 8.3%, p=0.017) to sTMS than sham. Treatment-naïve subjects had high response rates to both active and sham treatments, and showed no difference in mean decrease in HamD17 between the treatments. Subjects enrolled in the open-label phase showed significant continued symptom improvement. No serious adverse events were attributable to sTMS. Conclusions: These results indicate that sTMS treatment was safe and significantly more effective than sham for the treatment of MDD of at least moderate severity in the perprotocol population. Subjects who received the active treatment as planned showed significantly greater improvement compared to sham treatment during the six-week double-blind phase, and subjects who did not remit during blinded treatment showed continued improvement during four weeks of open-label sTMS. The FDA has classified sTMS as non-significant risk (NSR), consistent with the very low rate of adverse events and the absence of any serious adverse events attributable to sTMS treatment in this study. Future studies should examine longer-term benefits of sTMS treatment.
Nitrous oxide for treatment-resistant major depression: A proof of concept study$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is a severe form of major depressive disorder (MDD) associated with lower quality of life and affects one in three patients with MDD, of an estimated 16 million US adults. TRD patients often fail to respond to multiple (44) treatments with standard of care antidepressants, augmentation strategies, and more aggressive treatment options (e.g., electroconvulsive therapy). Therefore, new therapeutic treatment options are needed. Recent evidence demonstrates that a sub-anesthetic dose of ketamine, an established dissociative anesthetic agent, may provide rapid and sustained antidepressant effects in TRD patients. Ketamine's antidepressant mechanism of action is not fully understood; however, it is believed to act primarily via NMDA-receptor antagonism. Nitrous oxide, a well-tolerated inhalational general anesthetic informally known as “laughing gas”, also functions as an NMDA receptor antagonist and may also prove beneficial in this difficult to treat population. Nitrous oxide may offer similar antidepressant benefits as ketamine without some of the potential adverse side effects (e.g., psychomimetic symptoms and cognitive effects). Methods: The goal of this pilot, proof of principle, blinded, randomized placebo-controlled crossover trial was to test the hypothesis that nitrous oxide is effective as a potential rapidly acting treatment for TRD treatment. Twenty TRD patients in a University tertiary care setting received a titrated, one-hour inhalation of either up to 50% nitrous oxide/50% oxygen mix or 50% nitrogen/50% oxygen, in random order and one week apart. All participants received both treatments. The primary endpoint was change on the 21-point Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) within 24 hours after treatment. Secondary endpoints included change on the Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptoms Self Report (QIDS-SR). Nitrous oxide-induced inactivation of vitamin ∼12 was determined by plasma total homocysteine before and after treatment. Results: Mean duration of nitrous oxide treatment was 55.6±2.5 (SD) minutes at an inspiratory nitrous oxide concentration of 44% (37 - 45%, median, IQR). Depressive symptoms improved significantly at 24 hours after receiving nitrous oxide compared to placebo (mean difference in HRSD-21 score -5.5, 95% CI -2.5 to -8.5 points, p=0.002). Four patients (20%) had treatment response (≥50% reduction of depressive symptoms on the HRSD) with nitrous oxide compared to one patient (5%) after placebo (odds ratio [OR] 4.0, 95% CI 0.45 - 35.79). Three patients (15%) experienced full remission (HRSD ≤ 7 points) after nitrous oxide treatment, compared to none after placebo (OR 3.0, 95% CI 0.31 - 28.8). In four patients the nitrous oxide treatment had to be briefly discontinued due to adverse events (compared to none during placebo). All adverse events were temporary and resolved shortly after completion of nitrous oxide administration. No serious adverse events occurred. Conclusions: This proof of concept trial demonstrated that nitrous oxide may have rapid and marked antidepressant effects in patients with treatment-resistant depression. Subsequent studies will be required to determine optimal antidepressant dosing strategies as well as the risk/benefit ratio of nitrous oxide in a larger and more diverse population of patients with treatment-resistant major depression.
The differential effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on autobiographical memory specificity$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) uses magnetic pulses to induce a focal seizure for the treatment of depression. This strategy capitalizes upon the established safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation and the robust antidepressant efficacy of seizures as induced with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). A recognized cognitive side effect of ECT is retrograde amnesia for autobiographical information. Preclinical and clinical evidence has substantiated that MST produces little to no neurocognitive adverse effects. However, no studies have compared the effects of ECT and MST on autobiographical recall, and importantly on autobiographical memory specificity. The specificity of autobiographical recall is a critical cognitive function that has been found to be a cognitive marker of depression, as well as a predictive factor for depressive relapse. Thus, the purpose of this study was to compare the effects of an index course of high-dose MST and right unilateral ultrabrief pulse width ECT on autobiographical memory recall and specificity in patients with a current major depressive episode. Methods: This was a three-center, between-subject, randomized, double-masked controlled clinical trial that compared the neurocognitive effects of high dose MST and ultra-brief pulse RUL ECT. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. The study was conducted under a US FDA IDE. Adults with a major depressive episode in the context of unipolar or bipolar depression, based on the SCID-I, were randomly assigned to treatment with MST or ECT. For MST, a Magstim Theta device with a round coil positioned on the vertex was used to administer the stimulus. Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration, and subsequent treatments were provided at maximal device output (100% maximal pulse amplitude, 100 Hz pulse frequency, 10 second train duration). For ECT, treatments were provided via standard RUL electrode configuration, 800 mA or 900mA pulse amplitude, and ultra-brief pulse width (0.3 ms). Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration and frequency. Subsequent treatments were provided at 6 × the seizure threshold. Patients were treated until they achieved remission (< 8 on the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression) or received a maximum of 14 MST or ECT sessions. To assess autobiographical memory and autobiographical memory specificity, we used the Autobiographical Memory Test (AMT). Trained neuropsychometricians, masked to treatment condition, administered the AMT before and after the acute course. The AMT produced three variables including total memories recalled, total categoric memories, and total specific memories. ANOVAs were computed for each AMT variable with treatment condition (MST, ECT) as the between-subject factor. We explored effects of covariates including study site, number of treatments, and change in depression severity. However, the covariates had no effects and were excluded from the statistical analyse. Results: In terms of change from baseline to end, patients who received MST relative to those who received ECT showed better recall of autobiographical memories (F(1,35)=4.61, p=0.04), and better autobiographical memory specificity (F(1,35)=6.25, p=0.02). Indeed, the patients in the ECT group showed a 25% decline in autobiographical recall and a 25% decline in autobiographical memory specificity. However, the patients in the MST group showed no change in recall of autobiographical memories and approximately 15% improvement in autobiographical memory specificity. Conclusions: This is the first study to provide evidence that MST has neurocognitive advantages relative to ECT, particularly with regard to recall of autobiographical information and autobiographical memory specificity. If the latter is indeed a cognitive marker of depression, then this could provide useful information regarding underlying mechanisms of the high relapse rate associated with ECT and provide an avenue to understand the antidepressant durability of MST. These findings are consistent with prior research suggesting MST to have no neurocognitive adverse effects, or cognitive enhancing effects. Research has found that autobiographical recall worsens after acute treatment with ECT, which is associated with select ECT parameters including bitemporal electrode placement, sine wave pulse width, and increased dosage. Future research is warranted to determine the underlying mechanisms of the neurocognitive improvement observed with MST, and to examine its effects on other cognitive domains.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCs) in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A review of emerging clinical evidence and considerations for optimal electrodes montage$$$ Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a neuropsychiatric disorder with a 2% lifetime prevalence. Over the last decades, with the greater understanding of the brain circuits involved in OCD, non-pharmacological techniques for the treatment of this disorder have expanded. Such techniques include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS) in targeted brain areas. However, the mixed findings regarding rTMS and the invasive characteristic of DBS highlight the need for the improvement and development of novel techniques. In this context, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a safe and relatively low cost neuromodulation technique that has been succesfully used in the treatment for major depressive disorder, might also be a potential new treatment for OCD, although the optimal tDCS montage remains unclear. This study aims to perform a systematic review on meta-analyses and pooled-analyses of DBS and rTMS trials for OCD and, based on these findings, to identify brain stimulation targets for the development of a double-blind, placebocontrolled, randomized tDCS trial. We also aimed to support the empirical evidence with computer head modeling analysis for the prediction of current flow between tDCS electrodes. Methods: This is a qualitative review of the meta-analyses and pooled-analyses studies summarizing the findings of the rTMS and DBS trials for OCD published between January 2004 and May 2014 and searched in the MEDLINE, Scopus and Cochrane Library databases. Inclusion criteria: the studies should contain quantitative analysis of rTMS or DBS trials for OCD. For the tDCS computational analysis, we employed individualized models incorporating segmentation of cortical and subcortical structures of interest. Results: Out of 146 references, only 3 matched our eligibility criteria: two DBS reviews (one meta-analysis and one pooled-analysis) and one rTMS meta-analysis. The most promising results regarding rTMS intervention were the low frequency stimulation in the supplementary motor area (SMA) and in the orbito-frontal cortex (OFC). Although DBS stimulation studies in general reported greater treatment response rates than rTMS, in most of the DBS studies factors such as the lack of standardization in the intervention parameters and the small sample sizes created difficulties in the comparison between the efficacy of different brain targets. Most of the studies performed DBS in the ventral striatum and the ventral capsule (VS/VC). Based on these findings and in the nature of tDCS intervention, we simulated possible montages to neuromodulate the following targeted areas: inferior VS, superior VS, ventral putamen, supplementary motor area and OFC. We found that the different targets can produce significant changes in the current direction and activation of specific brain areas. More specifically, we found that the inferior ventral striatum model seems to activate a greater number of structures related to OCD, in particular, the pre-frontal cortex and the anterior basal ganglia. Conclusions: There is evidence that hyper-activation of the obitofronto-thalamic circuits and lack of inhibition of the cortico-striato-thalamo-cortical (CSTC) pathways are implicated in OCD pathophysiology. CSTC circuits convey information flow from cortical and limbic regions to modulate motivation, attention, and motor function. The key structures of these circuits include the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, the orbitofrontal cortex, the anterior cingulate cortex, and the striatum (specifically the caudate). The supplementary motor area has been also of interest due to its extensive connections with regions implicated in cognition and motor control. Considering that the aim of a tDCS trial for OCD would be to perform an inhibitory stimulation in pre-frontal and subcortical structures such as the anterior basal ganglia, computer models developed for this study suggested that the most promising model for the objectives of the trial would be targeting the inferior ventral striatum. This model seems to stimulate the largest number of structures of interest with considerable specificity.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmentative strategy for treatment-resistant depression, a meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled study$$$ Background: Dozens of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and meta-analyses have demonstrated the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depressive disorder (MDD) treatment, but there has not been a meta-analysis report which evaluates the efficacy and tolerability of rTMS used as an augmentative strategy for antidepressants in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) treatment. We thus conducted this meta-analysis, aimed at clarifying whether rTMS enhances the efficacy of TRD. Methods: We searched MEDLINE and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for RCTs for studying the efficacy of rTMS versus (vs) sham condition when combined with antidepressants in TRD treatment, and screened the references of the previous meta-analysis about the rTMS for MDD treatment. Response rates and NNT were chose as the primary outcomes, and remission rates, change from baseline of HAMD scores, dropouts were used as secondary outcomes. For dichotomous data, an intention-to-treat analysis principle was applied; for continuous data, we calculated the standard mean difference between groups with a random-effect model. Sensitivity analysis was done to explore the source of heterogeneity and the factors which potentially impact the efficacy. Results: Seven RCTs were finally included in the meta-analysis. The total sample size was 279, with 171 in the rTMS group and 108 in the sham group. The pooled response and remission rate for the rTMS and sham group was 46.6% and 22.1%, respectively; the pooled odds ratio (OR) was 5.12 [95% confidence interval (CI) 2.11-12.45, z = 3.60, p = 0.0003, and the associated number needed to treat (NNT) was 3.4. rTMS group achieved a significant reduction of HAMD score than the sham group, the pooled SMD of change from baseline was 0.86 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.57-1.15, z = 5.75, p < 0.00001]. Because of the small number of included RCTs, the preplanned sensitivity and subgroup analyses were finally abandoned. The dropouts in both groups were relatively low, indicating the high acceptability of rTMS. Conclusions: For TRD patients, augmentative rTMS after the failure of medications significantly increases the effect of antidepressants, and rTMS was a safe strategy with relatively low adverse events and low dropout rate, suggesting that augmentative rTMS is an effective intervention for TRD.
Non-pharmacological interventions for chronic pain in people with spinal cord injury$$$ Background: Chronic pain is frequent in persons living with spinal cord injury (SCI). Conventionally, the pain is treated pharmacologically, yet long-term pain medication is often refractory and associated with side effects. Non-pharmacological interventions are frequently advocated, although the benefit and harm profiles of these treatments are not well established, in part because of methodological weaknesses of available studies. Objectives: To critically appraise and synthesise available research evidence on the effects of non-pharmacological interventions for the treatment of chronic neuropathic and nociceptive pain in people living with SCI. Search methods: The search was run on the 1st March 2011. We searched the Cochrane Injuries Group's Specialised Register, the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL), MEDLINE (OvidSP), Embase (OvidSP), PsycINFO (OvidSP), four other databases and clinical trials registers. In addition, we manually searched the proceedings of three major scientific conferences on SCI. We updated this search in November 2014 but these results have not yet been incorporated. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials of any intervention not involving intake of medication or other active substances to treat chronic pain in people with SCI. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently extracted data and assessed risk of bias in the included studies. The primary outcome was any measure of pain intensity or pain relief. Secondary outcomes included adverse events, anxiety, depression and quality of life. When possible, meta-analyses were performed to calculate standardised mean differences for each type of intervention. Main results: We identified 16 trials involving a total of 616 participants. Eight different types of interventions were studied. Eight trials investigated the effects of electrical brain stimulation (transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and cranial electrotherapy stimulation (CES); five trials) or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS; three trials). Interventions in the remaining studies included exercise programmes (three trials); acupuncture (two trials); self-hypnosis (one trial); transcutaneous electrical nerve stimulation (TENS) (one trial); and a cognitive behavioural programme (one trial). None of the included trials were considered to have low overall risk of bias. Twelve studies had high overall risk of bias, and in four studies risk of bias was unclear. The overall quality of the included studies was weak. Their validity was impaired by methodological weaknesses such as inappropriate choice of control groups. An additional search in November 2014 identified more recent studies that will be included in an update of this review. For tDCS the pooled mean difference between intervention and control groups in pain scores on an 11-point visual analogue scale (VAS) (0-10) was a reduction of -1.90 units (95% confidence interval (CI) -3.48 to -0.33; P value 0.02) in the short term and of -1.87 (95% CI -3.30 to -0.45; P value 0.01) in the mid term. Exercise programmes led to mean reductions in chronic shoulder pain of -1.9 score points for the Short Form (SF)-36 item for pain experience (95% CI -3.4 to -0.4; P value 0.01) and -2.8 pain VAS units (95% CI -3.77 to -1.83; P value < 0.00001); this represented the largest observed treatment effects in the included studies. Trials using rTMS, CES, acupuncture, self-hypnosis, TENS or a cognitive behavioural programme provided no evidence that these interventions reduce chronic pain. Ten trials examined study endpoints other than pain, including anxiety, depression and quality of life, but available data were too scarce for firm conclusions to be drawn. In four trials no side effects were reported with study interventions. Five trials reported transient mild side effects. Overall, a paucity of evidence was found on any serious or long-lasting side effects of the interventions. Authors' conclusions: Evidence is insufficient to suggest that non-pharmacological treatments are effective in reducing chronic pain in people living with SCI. The benefits and harms of commonly used non-pharmacological pain treatments should be investigated in randomised controlled trials with adequate sample size and study methodology.
Practical considerations and patient selection for intrathecal drug delivery in the management of chronic pain$$$ Chronic pain continues to pose substantial and growing challenges for patients, caregivers, health care professionals, and health care systems. By the time a patient with severe refractory pain sees a pain specialist for evaluation and management, that patient has likely tried and failed several nonpharmacologic and pharmacologic approaches to pain treatment. Although relegated to one of the interventions of “last resort”, intrathecal drug delivery can be useful for improving pain control, optimizing patient functionality, and minimizing the use of systemic pain medications in appropriately selected patients. Due to its clinical and logistical requirements, however, intrathecal drug delivery may fit poorly into the classic pain clinic/interventional model and may be perceived as a “critical mass” intervention that is feasible only for large practices that have specialized staff and appropriate office resources. Potentially, intrathecal drug delivery may be more readily adopted into larger practices that can commit the necessary staff and resources to support patients’ needs through the trialing, initiation, monitoring, maintenance, and troubleshooting phases of this therapy. Currently, two agents – morphine and ziconotide – are approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration for long-term intrathecal delivery. The efficacy and safety profiles of morphine have been assessed in long-term, open-label, and retrospective studies of >400 patients with chronic cancer and noncancer pain types. The efficacy and safety profiles of ziconotide have been assessed in three double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of 457 patients, and safety has been assessed in 1,254 patients overall, with severe chronic cancer, noncancer, and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome pain types. Both agents are highlighted as first-line intrathecal therapy for the management of neuropathic or nociceptive pain. The purpose of this review is to discuss practical considerations for intrathecal drug delivery, delineate criteria for the identification and selection of candidates for intrathecal drug delivery, and consider which agent may be more appropriate for individual patients.
Treatment of electroencephalographic status epilepticus after cardiopulmonary resuscitation (TELSTAR): Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroencephalographic (EEG) status epilepticus is described in 10 to 35% of patients with postanoxic encephalopathy after successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation and is associated with case fatality rates of 90 to 100%. It is unclear whether these EEG patterns represent a condition to be treated with anticonvulsants to improve outcome, or an expression of severe ischemic damage, in which treatment is futile. Methods/Design: TELSTAR is a multicenter clinical trial with two parallel groups, randomized treatment allocation, open label treatment, and blinded endpoint evaluation (PROBE design). We aim to enroll 172 adult patients with postanoxic encephalopathy and electroencephalographic status epilepticus after successful cardiopulmonary resuscitation, admitted to the ICU, in whom continuous EEG monitoring is started within 24 hours after admission. Patients are randomly assigned to either medical treatment to suppress all electrographic seizure activity, or no treatment of electroencephalographic status epilepticus. Antiepileptic treatment is based on guidelines for treatment of overt status epilepticus and is started within 3 hours after the diagnosis. If status epilepticus returns during tapering of sedative medication after suppression of all epileptiform activity for 2 × 24hours, it will be considered refractory. The primary outcome measure is neurological outcome defined as the Cerebral Performance Category (CPC) score at 3 months, dichotomized into 'good' (CPC 1 to 2 = no or moderate neurological disability) and 'poor' (CPC 3 to 5 = severe disability, coma, or death). Secondary outcome measures include mortality and, for patients surviving up to 12 months, cognitive functioning, health related quality of life, and depression.
The 4th Schizophrenia International Research Society Conference, 5-9 April 2014, Florence, Italy: A summary of topics and trends$$$ The 4th Schizophrenia International Research Society Conference was held in Florence, Italy, April 5-9, 2014 and this year had as its emphasis, "Fostering Collaboration in Schizophrenia Research". Student travel awardees served as rapporteurs for each oral session, summarized the important contributions of each session and then each report was integrated into a final summary of data discussed at the entire conference by topic. It is hoped that by combining data from different presentations, patterns of interest will emerge and thus lead to new progress for the future. In addition, the following report provides an overview of the conference for those who were present, but could not participate in all sessions, and those who did not have the opportunity to attend, but who would be interested in an update on current investigations ongoing in the field of schizophrenia research.
Excess Mortality in Bipolar Disorders$$$ Bipolar disorder is associated with high mortality, and people with this disorder on average may die 10–20 years earlier than the general population. This excess and premature mortality continues to occur despite a large and expanding selection of treatment options dating back to lithium and now including anticonvulsants, antipsychotics, and evidence-based psychotherapies. This review summarizes recent findings on mortality in bipolar disorder, with an emphasis on the role of suicide (accounting for about 15 % of deaths in this population) and cardiovascular disease (accounting for about 35–40 % of deaths). Recent care models and treatments incorporating active outreach, integrated mental and physical health care, and an emphasis on patient self-management have shown promise in reducing excess mortality in this population.
Relapse prevention after index electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression$$$ BACKGROUND: One-third of patients who suffer from depression are resistant to conventional treatments. An acute course of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can lead to remission of depressive symptoms in a substantial portion of the treatment-resistant patients. However, prevention of relapse with depressive symptoms after the index course of ECT can be challenging. We review pertinent studies on the topic and analyze the best strategies to avoid relapse and recurrence of depressive symptoms. METHODS: We performed a systematic literature review of PubMed through April 2014 for clinical trials published in English to determine if continuation ECT (C-ECT), continuation medication, continuation psychotherapy, or combinations of these are the best strategy to avoid relapse and recurrence of depressive symptoms after an acute course of ECT. Clinical trials comparing ≥2 of the above strategies were included in the review. RESULTS: Although there are few rigorous randomized clinical trials in this area, most studies suggest that combined C-ECT and continuation pharmacotherapy are the most effective strategy in relapse prevention. CONCLUSIONS: C-ECT and continuation pharmacotherapy may be more effective than either alone for preventing relapse. However, more definitive randomized clinical trials are needed.
Neurostimulation for traumatic brain injury$$$ Traumatic brain injury (TBI) remains a significant public health problem and is a leading cause of death and disability in many countries. Durable treatments for neurological function deficits following TBI have been elusive, as there are currently no FDA-approved therapeutic modalities for mitigating the consequences of TBI. Neurostimulation strategies using various forms of electrical stimulation have recently been applied to treat functional deficits in animal models and clinical stroke trials. The results from these studies suggest that neurostimulation may augment improvements in both motor and cognitive deficits after brain injury. Several studies have taken this approach in animal models of TBI, showing both behavioral enhancement and biological evidence of recovery. There have been only a few studies using deep brain stimulation (DBS) in human TBI patients, and future studies are warranted to validate the feasibility of this technique in the clinical treatment of TBI. In this review, the authors summarize insights from studies employing neurostimulation techniques in the setting of brain injury. Moreover, they relate these findings to the future prospect of using DBS to ameliorate motor and cognitive deficits following TBI.
Efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in Parkinson's disease: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Objective: To investigate whether high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective on depression in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: Depression is a common non-motor symptom affecting quality of life in PD patients. Although various drugs including selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and dopamine agonists have been evaluated, there is only one successful clinical trial that showed efficacy of pramipexole for treatment of depression in PD patients. Therefore, development of alternative modalities for treatment of depression is needed in PD patients. rTMS has been proven as an effective treatment modality in patients with medication-intractable major depressive disorder. Methods: Eighteen depressed patients with Parkinson's disease participated in this study. Depression was diagnosed when they experienced more than five symptoms from the DSM-IV criteria for a major depressive disorder. Subjects were randomized as a group of receiving real-rTMS and another group of receiving sham-rTMS. rTMS was applied over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. For 10 days, 600 stimulations a day were applied with an intensity of 90% of the resting motor threshold of (RMT) with 5 Hz frequency. Rating scales were measured at the “drug-on” stage of the patients and at the same time on each visit day. The MDS Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (MDSUPDRS) motor part (III), Beck depression inventory (BDI), Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and the Hamilton Rating Scale (HRS) were compared before rTMS, immediately after stimulation, and four weeks after the last stimulation Results: Ten patients and eight patients were randomized as groups of real and sham-rTMS, respectively. The mean age, disease duration and levodopa equivalent dosage of the patients were comparable between two groups. In real-rTMS group, repeated measures ANOVA analysis showed that the BDI, MADRS and HRS after rTMS significantly decreased compared to those before rTMS. The BDI was 30.0±5.7, 21.0±4.6 and 18.7±5.0 before, immediately after and 4 weeks after rTMS, respectively (mean±standard error). The MADRS was 20.6±1.3, 9.7±4.3 and 12.3±3.2, and the HRS was 12.7±1.3, 6.5±1.3, and 5.8±1.5 before, immediately after and 4 weeks after rTMS. In addition, the MDS-UPDRS part III was significantly different at each visit (14.2±2.8, 9.0±2.9 and 10.8±3.1). However, in the sham-rTMS group, there was no difference of the BDI, MADRS, HRS and the MDS-UPDRS part III at the “drug-on” stage between before and after rTMS. Conclusions: Our findings demonstrate that rTMS can reduce the severity of depression as well as of motor symptoms at the “drugon” stage in PD patients. In addition, the efficacy of rTMS continues for a long period of time. rTMS may be an option for treatment of depression in PD patients.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve the quality of life in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: We conducted a randomized, double-blind placebocontrolled study to evaluate the effect of rTMS over bilateral motor cortex on various motor and non-motor features of PD. Background: There are incongruent data on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of PD. Methods: Forty-six patients with PD were enrolled. The patients were randomly assigned to either an actively treated group (n=23) or a sham-treated group (n=23). An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: baseline (before stimulation), short-term (one day after the stimulation session ended, on day 11) and long-term assessments (30 days after stimulation ended, day 41). Severity of PD was assessed by the MDS-UPDRS, Hoehn-Yahr Scale, and timed up-and-go test6. Nonmotor symptoms were evaluated by the Non-motor Symptoms Scale, Beck Depression Inventory, Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, MADRS, Parkinson's Disease Sleep Scale 2nd version. Results: Out of 46, 44 patients completed the study (24 male, age 67.4±9.6 years, and disease-duration: 7.1±5.4 years). Two patients from the sham-treated group did not finish the study. Even though the total score of MDS-UPDRS had a tendentious improvement in the active-treatment group (from 52 points to 37 points, median) and a similar change which could not be detected in the sham-treated group (from 53 points to 51 points), this did not reach the level of significance (p=0.173). Out of the various non-motor symptoms, the depression significantly improved in the activetreatment group. This improvement was consistently captured by the BDI, the MADRS and the mood section of NMSS. Both the emotional well-being section and the summary index of PDQ-39 demonstrated a significant improvement in the active treatment group compared to the sham-treated group. Conclusions: rTMS over bilateral motor cortex can improve depression and health-related quality of life associated with PD.
Managing cardiovascular disease risk in patients treated with antipsychotics: A multidisciplinary approach$$$ Background: The use of antipsychotic medication in the United States and throughout the world has greatly increased over the last fifteen years. These drugs have significant side effect burdens, many of them relating to cardiovascular health. Objective: To review the available evidence on the major cardiovascular issues that arise in patients taking antipsychotic medication. Method: A PubMed literature review was performed to identify recent meta-analyses, review articles, and large studies. Further articles were identified through cited papers and based on expert consultation when necessary. Results: Clinical guidance on the following adverse effects and antipsychotics was reviewed: electrocardiogram (ECG) changes, (specifically, prolonged QT and risk of torsades de pointes), weight gain, dyslipidemia, metabolic syndrome, and myocarditis. Specific attention was paid to monitoring guidelines and treatment options in the event of adverse events, including dose change, medication switch, or adjuvant therapy.
Effects of tDCS on executive function in Parkinson's disease$$$ Non-motor symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) are often poorly recognized, significantly impair quality of life and cause severe disability. Currently, there is limited evidence to guide treatment of associated psychiatric and cognitive problems. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques have emerged as non-pharmacological alternatives to target cognitive symptoms without worsening motor function. In this context, we conducted a multicenter, sham controlled, double-blinded study to assess the immediate and long-term effects of ten consecutive sessions of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the anode on the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) (n = 5), left DLPFC (n = 6) or sham (n = 7). We assessed cognitive functions, depressive symptoms and motor functions in 18 PD patients at baseline, at the end of the 2-week stimulation sessions and at 1-month follow-up. Our results showed that active stimulation of both left and right DLPFC resulted in prolonged improvements in Trail Making Test B, an established test to measure executive function, compared to sham tDCS at the 1-month follow-up. These results suggest the existence of a beneficial long-term effect on executive functions in PD patients following active tDCS over the DLPFC. Thus, our findings encourage further investigation exploring tDCS as an adjuvant therapy for cognitive and behavioral treatment in PD.
Increase in PAS-induced neuroplasticity after a treatment courseof transcranial direct current stimulation for depression$$$ Background Several lines of evidence suggest that neuroplasticity is impaired in depression and improves with effective treatment. However until now, this evidence has largely involved measures such as learning and memory which can be influenced by subject effort and motivation. This pilot study aimed to objectively measure neuroplasticity in the motor cortex using paired associative stimulation (PAS), which induces short term neuroplastic changes. It is hypothesized that neuroplasticity would improve after effective treatment for depression. Methods Neuroplasticity was measured in 18 depressed subjects before and after a course of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), given as treatment for depression. The relationships between PAS results, mood state and brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) serum levels were examined. Results Neuroplasticity (PAS-induced change) was increased after a course of tDCS (t(17)=-2.651, p=0.017). Treatment with tDCS also led to significant mood improvement, but this did not correlate with improved neuroplasticity. Serum BDNF levels did not change after tDCS, or correlate with change in neuroplasticity after tDCS treatment. Limitations While this study showed evidence of improved neuroplasticity in the motor cortex after effective treatment, we are unable to present evidence that this change is generalized in the depressed brain. Also, the presence of antidepressant medications and the small sample of patients (n=18) meant the study could not definitively resolve the relationship between neuroplasticity, mood and BDNF. Conclusion This novel preliminary study provides evidence that a treatment course of tDCS can improve neuroplasticity in depressed patients. © 2014 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Induction of a depression-like negativity bias by cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ Cognitive control (CC) over emotional distraction is of particular importance for adaptive human behaviour and is associated with activity in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). Deficient CC, e.g., presenting as negativity bias, has been suggested to underlie many of the core symptoms of major depression (MD) and is associated with impairments of dlPFC function. Correspondingly, enhancement of dlPFC activity with anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can ameliorate these impairments in patients with MD. Here, we tested the hypothesis that a reduction of dlPFC activity by cathodal tDCS induces CC deficits, thus triggering a depression-like negativity bias in healthy subjects. Twenty-eight individuals participated in a double-blinded, balanced randomized crossover trial of cathodal (1mA, 20min) and sham tDCS applied to the left dlPFC. To assess CC we conducted a delayed response working memory (DWM) task and an arithmetic inhibition task (AIT) with pictures of varying valent content (negative, neutral, positive) during and immediately after stimulation. Cathodal tDCS led to impaired CC specifically over negative material as assessed by reduced response accuracy in the DWM and prolonged response latency in the AIT. Hence, the current study supports the notion that left dlPFC is critically involved in CC over negative material. Together with previously reported beneficial anodal effects, it indicates that the hypoactivation of left dlPFC causes deficits in CC over negative material, which is a possible aetiological mechanism of depression.
Oral oxycodone plus intravenous acetaminophen versus intravenous morphine sulfate in acute bone fracture pain control: a double-blind placebo-controlled randomized clinical trial$$$ Objectives: Bone fracture is a common cause of acute pain in emergency and orthopedics departments. Targeting the multifaceted mechanisms of pain with combinations of multiple analgesics (multimodal analgesia) can increase the pain control efforts efficacy and decrease the adverse effects of each medication. Methods: One hundred and fifty-three patients with acute bone fracture were randomly allocated to two groups receiving intravenous morphine sulfate (74 patients) or oral oxycodone plus intravenous acetaminophen (79 patients). Pain scores and drugs’ adverse effects were assessed 10, 30 and 60 min after treatment. Results: Pain scores were similar between groups before, 30 and 60 min after medication but patients in morphine sulfate group experienced less pain 10 min after medication. Eight (10.8 %) patients in morphine sulfate group and 26 (32.9 %) patients in acetaminophen/oxycodone group experienced nausea that was statistically significant higher (P value = 0.001). Itching was seen in 12 (15.1 %) patients of acetaminophen/oxycodone group and three (4.0 %) patients of patients in morphine sulfate group (P value = 0.02). Conclusion: Intravenous acetaminophen plus oral oxycodone is as effective as intravenous morphine sulfate in acute pain control in emergency department but with a less desirable safety profile.
Effects of electroconvulsive stimulation on p11 promoter methylation in humans and rats$$$ Purpose of the study: Several lines of evidence have linked the multifunctional protein p11 (S100A10) to the pathophysiology and pharmacotherapy of depression [1]. For instance, p11 mRNA and protein are down-regulated in genetic rodent models of depression and depressed individuals. Furthermore, antidepressant treatment and electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS) have been shown to increase p11 expression in the frontal cortex and hippocampus of rodents. Melas et al. reported a hypermethylation of the p11 promoter in the prefrontal cortex (PFC) of rats with a genetic model of depression, which was reversed to normal after antidepressant treatment with escitalopram [2]. The purpose of the present study is to investigate p11 peripheral levels and promoter methylation in patients during a series of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and p11 promoter methylation in rats receiving ECS. Methods: Eleven patients with a treatment-resistant Major Depressive Disorder were included in the study. Depression severity was measured using the Beck's Depression Inventary (BDI) and the Montgomery Asperg Depression Scale (MADRS). Fasting blood samples were taken directly before, one hour and 24 hours after ECT number 1, 4, 7 and 10. For the animal experiments 19 male Wistar rats were subjected to a chronic unpredictable mild stress model and then randomly assigned to ECS or sham stimulation. ECS was applied via cortical stimulation and delivered once daily for 5 days as described previously [3]. Sucrose Preference Test (1%) (SPT), immobility in forced Swimming Test and open field test were tested before and 48 h after the treatment series. Methylation analysis of the P11 promoter was performed in human blood and rat blood, hippocampus and PFC with bisulfite sequencing. Results: Six patients reached the remission criterion (MADRS <12). The p11 serum levels negatively correlated with BDI and MADRS (p<0.000). Mean methylation of the p11 promoter only showed a correlation with the p11 levels when measured before ECT. Mixed linear modelling showed higher p11 levels and higher promoter methylation in remitters than in non responders at all timepoints (both p<0.000). Analysis of the rat p11 promoter methylation in the blood of the observed animals showed no difference between ECS and sham stimulation. PFC p11 promoter methylation was significantly lowered in the two rats which responded to ECS as measured by SPT (p = 0.007). In the hippocampus treatment with ECS led to a significantly higher methylation compared to sham stimulation (p<0.05). Conclusions: Our preliminary resultsare in line with previously reported data on p11 and depression as lowered p11 levels have been reported in depressed patients previously. Additionaly, the lower p11 methylation in the PFC of rats that responded to ECS correspond to the reported hypomethylation of the p11 promoter after treatment with escitalopram. The higher p11 levels and promoter methylation of remitters could point to a subgroup of depressed patients who are sensitive to ECT. In summary our results indicate an involvement of p11 in ECT, but should be interpreted carefully due to our small sample size. Ongoing work should establish wether peripheral p11 expression could serve as a biomaker for responsiveness to ECT.
Predictors of DBS response: The impact of anhedonia and dopamine$$$ Background: Antidepressant efficacy results in a lack of remission for the majority of patients with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), leading to a high prevalence of treatment resistance. The mechanism of antidepressant response is primarily through serotonin and norepinephrine, however, it is well established that dopamine is also affected in MDD (particularly with regard to reward response), although not significantly impacted by conventional antidepressant therapy. Furthermore, anhedonia has been identified in several studies as a unique predictor of non-response to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is a novel neurosurgery for treatment resistant depression. The DBS target we are evaluating is the subcallosal cingulate gyrus, which has direct connections to the dopaminergic system, including the orbitofrontal cortex, nucleus accumbens, and other areas of the prefrontal cortex. Purpose: To identify clinical and neuroimaging predictors of DBS for treatment resistant depression with a focus on dopamine receptor function and anhedonia. Methods: Patients with treatment resistant depression (n = 15) received DBS to the subcallosal cingulate gyrus as part of a 6-month randomized controlled trial with a 6-month open label follow-up phase. Participants were 2170 years old and experienced their first major depressive episode prior to the age of 35. In addition, patients were required to have a current episode duration of at least two years with moderate to severe intensity and have failed at least 4 adequate antidepressant trials from different classes, including electroconvulsive therapy and psychotherapy. All participants had baseline clinical assessments administered, including the Montgomery-A sberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), and the Dimensional Anhedonia Rating Scale (DARS), a novel questionnaire to measure anhedonia. Prior to surgery, patients also underwent a positron emission tomography (PET) scan to measure extrastriatal dopamine D2/D3 binding using 11C-FLB 457. Results: Increased baseline D2/D3 in the orbitofrontal cortex, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and insula were predictive of response (≥50% decrease on MADRS) at 1 year, following 6 months of open-label stimulation. Furthermore, there was a trend where non-responders were more likely to be severely anhedonic than responders (p = 0.065), and those with severe anhedonia had greater dopamine binding potential in the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and Brodmann Area 25. Conclusion: Dopaminergic impairment may be predictive or response to DBS. Specifically, increased dopamine receptor binding is indicative of decreased dopaminergic tone. The dysfunction in the orbitofrontal cortex, dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and insula is consistent with previous research evaluating brain activity in MDD patients compared to healthy controls. Notably, orbitofrontal cortex function is associated with reward valuation and decision making, which is impaired in MDD. Furthermore, the predictive potential of dopamine receptor binding to DBS could be related to the clinical phenotype of anhedonia. Further research should aim to identify anhedonia and D2/D3 receptor binding potential as a potential diagnostic and treatment biomarker.
Deep brain stimulation does not have a negative impact on autobiographical memories in therapy resistant major depressive disorder$$$ Background: Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is a neuromodulation technique consisting of electrodes connected to a neurostimulator, which delivers electrical pulses to a targeted brain area. Several parameters may be adjusted (e.g. voltage, frequency and pulse width) to optimize the therapeutic effect. DBS targeted to the Nucleus Accumbens (NAc) shows promise in treating therapyresistant depression (TRD) [1]. Preliminary studies report no negative impact on basic cognitive functions in TRD patients following VS or NAc DBS [2]. However, the effect of DBS on autobiographical memories has never been studied. This is relevant, since Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) decreases autobiographical memories in TRD patients [3]. Here, we compare the effect of DBS targeted to the NAc on autobiographical memories with ECT in TRD patients. A group of healthy controls was included to control for the natural decrease of autobiographical memories over time. Methods: We included 22 TRD patients who were treated with DBS targeted to the NAc, 12 TRD patients who were treated with ECT and 15 healthy controls (HC). A psychologist interviewed patients about 6 autobiographical events using the semi-structured Autobiographical Memory Interview - Short Form (AMI-SF). Patients gave details of 6 autobiographical events (Family Member, Travel, New Year's Eve, Birthday, Employment, Physical Illness) through 5 questions, totalling to 30 questions. A psychologist scored each question with 0-2 points (range 0-60). A higher score indicated the subject gave more autobiographical details. All subjects were interviewed at 3 time points. DBS patients were tested at baseline 1-3 weeks before DBS surgery (BL), 3 weeks after surgery with stimulation switched off (T1) and after optimizing DBS parameters (T2). ECT patients were tested at BL 1-3 weeks before ECT, after 3 weeks (6 ECT sessions, T1) and a week after ECT had ended (T2). HC were tested at BL, after 6 weeks (T1), and after 5 months (T2). We analysed the results using a mixed model with Time (i.e. days from BL), Group and TimeXGroup as fixed factors, and the intercept as a random factor with individual subjects as grouping factor. Results: Both TRD groups scored significantly lower on AMI than HC overall [Group: F2,72 = 15.03, p<0.005]. AMI scores decreased over time in all groups [Time: F1,72.10 = 122.10, p<0.005] with AMI scores of ECT patients decreasing more rapidly than both HC and DBS patients [Time×Group: F2,73.13 = 38.73, p<0.005]. In a post-hoc analysis, we repeated the same analysis including only BL and T1 to test whether this more rapid decrease in ECT patients could already be detected after 6 ECT sessions. We indeed found a significant interaction effect [F2,34.42 = 26.31, p<0.005] with ECT patients decreasing more rapidly than HC and DBS. Discussion: TRD patients treated with NAc DBS show a similar pattern of decrease in autobiographical memories as HC, whereas patients treated with ECT show a more rapid decrease. These results indicate that NAc DBS does not have a negative impact on autobiographical memories. On the other hand, ECT does impact autobiographical memories, which could already be detected after 6 ECT sessions.
Functional remediation in bipolar disorder: results of the one-year follow-up$$$ Purpose of the study: Functional impairment among bipolar patients is very frequent even during periods of clinical remission [1]. Longitudinal reports confirm that cognitive and psychosocial functioning are correlated with each other [2]. Interventions in order to improve cognitive and psychosocial impairment are needed. A recent multicentre, randomized, controlled trial confirmed the short-term efficacy of a novel group intervention, named functional remediation, by improving the functional outcome of bipolar I and II patients [3]. To date, no long-term data of the efficacy of a psychosocial intervention in affective disorders exists. This study aims to report whether the positive effects of the above mentioned functional remediation intervention were maintained on long-term as well. Methods: This is the continuation study of a published randomized clinical trial. 239 euthymic bipolar I and II patients were recruited at baseline in this multi-centre study. Subjets had age between 18-55 years and presented with a moderate to severe degree of functional impairment. Excluded were patients with an IQ<85, any medical and comorbid psychiatric disturbance condition affecting neuropsychological performance or having received electroconvulsive therapy within the past year. At baseline and at one year follow-up patients were evaluated with the following symptom rating scales: Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D). The Functioning Assessment Short Test (FAST), was used to assess psychosocial functioning, the primary outcome of the study. All patients completed at baseline and follow-up a comprehensive neuropsychological battery grouped into six cognitive domains: estimated IQ, processing speed index, executive functions, visual and verbal memory, working memory index and attention. Composite scores for verbal memory and executive functions were calculated by converting the subject's raw score to standard z-scores. Repeated measures analyses of covariance (MANCOVAs) were employed to analyse the longitudinal changes on the primary efficacy outcome. Results: Of 239 patients at baseline, 174 completed the followup phase (72%). The baseline and follow-up group did not differ on demographic and clinical data. Longitudinal repeated-measures analyses addressing the treatment effect on the primary outcome measure showed significant differences between groups (Pillai's Trace = 0.032; F = 3.071; df = 2; p = 0.049), suggesting that the effect of the intervention is maintained over time. When analyzing each of the domains of functioning in detail, only one of six domains was found to be significantly different between groups, this domain is autonomy (F = 5.54, df = 2, p = 0.005). Concerning neuropsychological performance, repeated-measures analyses showed one trend toward improvement in memory (composite verbal memory) in patients who where enrolled in the functional remediation group. Conclusions: The main finding of the study is the confirmation that the effectiveness of functional remediation remained over time, furthermore a significant enhancement in autonomy was observed. Longer follow-up studies are needed to confirm the results and to evaluate whether or not the inclusion of some regular booster sessions to keep the effect of the intervention at a longer term.
Analysis of the electroconvulsive stimulation hippocampal miRNome using a deep sequencing approach$$$ Purpose of study: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment currently available for severe treatment-resistant depression but its mechanism of action is not yet fully understood. Electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS), the animal model equivalent of ECT, induces changes in the brain that are believed to be important for its antidepressant effect. However, the precise means by which these changes occur and how they contribute to the antidepressant effects of ECS is unknown. One possibility is that such effects are mediated by a class of endogenous small RNA species termed microRNAs (miRNAs). MiRNAs control about half of all protein-coding genes in mammals and are found in abundance in the brain where they carry out a variety of functions. It is therefore likely that miRNAs contribute significantly to the development of complex brain disorders, such as depression [1], and their treatment [2]. We have previously reported that ECS alters miRNA expression in rat brain and blood using a hypothesisdriven approach [3]. However, the results obtained from that study were limited. Therefore, to gain a better understanding of the effects of chronic ECS on miRNAs in rat hippocampus the hypothesis neutral approach of next-generation deep sequencing is used here. Methods: Male Sprague-Dawley rats (n = 8 per group) were randomised to receive either 'sham' or 'real' ECS. ECS (100pulses/s; 0.5 ms; 0.7 s; 75 mA) was administered daily for 10 days. Total RNA was extracted from hippocampal tissue and samples were run on a SOLiD sequencing platform (Applied Biosystems). The accuracy of each base-call from the SOLiD sequencer was verified and enhanced using Applied Biosystems's proprietary SOLiD Accuracy Enhancement Tool (SAET) software. Read-mapping was performed using SHRiMP, an alignment program that natively supports the Applied Biosystems colorspace format. Reads were filtered to remove adapter sequences, mitochondrial DNA and unwanted RNA species. Filtered reads were then mapped to a database of miRNA sequences derived from ENSEMBL. The number of reads mapping to individual transcripts was calculated by HTSeq, and differential expression analysis between groups of samples was performed by its companion program, DESeq2. Results: The SOLiD sequencing platform generated several gigabases of high-quality DNA sequence across all samples. Results generated using the Bioconductor library DESeq show that 9 miRNAs were significantly differentially expressed (p <0.001) in the hippocampus following ECS after correcting for multiple comparisons. These include rno-miR-212, which we previously reported to be altered following ECS [3], and three novel 'predicted' miRNAs. Conclusion: Alterations in miRNA expression may be informative about the mechanism of action of ECS/ECT and in turn may give insight into the neurobiology of depression. MiRNAs have already shown promise in treating other diseases (e.g. Hepatitis C). A better understanding of the role of miRNAs in depression and its treatments may lead to novel therapeutic targets.
Socio-demographic and clinical predictors of non response/non remission in treatment resistant depressed patients: A systematic review$$$ Purpose of the study: About 15% to 33% of patients adequately treated for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) did not respond to multiple interventions and could be considered as treatment resistant. Some recent reviews investigated predictors of response to antidepressants (ADs), however no study was specifically focused on predictors of non response or non remission to antidepressant in treatment resistant depression (TRD). The present study primarily aimed to evaluate possible socio-demographic and clinical predictors of non response in MDD patients who failed to at least one antidepressant trial (TRD). As secondary aims, we investigated socio-demographic and clinical predictors of non remission in TRD patients, and predictors of non response and non remission related to the number of administered treatments and to the specific administered molecules. Methods: PubMed, ISI Web of Knowledge and PsycInfo databases were searched for papers investigating the role of socio-demographic and clinical predictors of non response/non remission in TRD patients. Included patients should: be ≥18 years old; have a primary diagnosis of MDD; have failed to at least one antidepressant trial (TRD); have not received any previous or concomitant treatment, such as ECT, psychotherapy or somatic therapies. A total of 53 papers was included: 22 for non response only, 10 for non remission only, 21 for either non response and non remission. Quality assessment of the studies was performed using CONSORT checklist for randomized non controlled studies and STROBE checklist for observational ones. We found a review of randomized controlled studies (RCTs) for non response only. No other single RCT was found satisfying inclusion criteria. Results: Overall, pertaining to socio-demographic factors, an association between older age and lower response and between being separated/widow and higher rates of non remission was found; regarding clinical predictors, melancholic subtype of depression, duration of depressive episode, concomitant anxiety disorders, suicidal behavior and personality disorders were found to be predictors of non response. Baseline severity of illness, anxious symptoms and personality disorders were detected to predict higher rates of non remission. Considering treatment's features, dose and duration of the current treatment seemed to predict non response; dose also was found to be associated with non remission. Studies investigating specific molecules or treatment strategy (augmentation, switching, mono-therapy, combined therapy) were not unidirectional. SSRIs and TCIs were the most frequently administered treatments, while other AD classes were less investigated. Conclusions: Specific socio-demographic (older age, being unmarried) and clinical factors (baseline severity of illness, melancholic features, longer duration of episode, concomitant anxiety or personality disorders, suicidal behavior) should be considered in clinical practice to prescribe a more focused treatment in TRD patients. Our review showed some limitations: selected studies were observational or randomized non controlled trials; different TRD definitions and outcome measures were used; only few studies provided information about the number of previous failed adequate AD trials.
Acute stroke: New treatments concepts is combination of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rtms) with physiotherapy better than physiotherapy alone in stroke recovery?$$$ Background: Low frequency repetitive Transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) enhances recovery potential in post stroke. Objective: To study the role of low frequency (1 Hz) rTMS with physiotherapy compared to physiotherapy alone. Methods: In this randomized, sham controlled, double blinded study patients diagnosed with acute ischemic stroke onset within 7-15 days, NIHSS score 4-20 & comprehendible were recruited. Physical therapy was administered from the day of recruitment for 3 months. Real rTMS & Sham rTMS was administered at 11th week of recruitment for 10 days. Resting motor threshold (RMT) and MEP (Motor evoked potential) were calculated at the start and at the end of rTMS. Low frequency rTMS 1 Hz, 750 pulses @ 110% MT(Motor threshold) for 45 minutes was administered to all patients. All patients were assessed with stroke recovery scales- NIHSS, mRS, mBI, HRSD, FMA upper & lower extremity at the baseline and at follow up. Results: Thirty three patients were randomized into real group (n = 17) and sham group (n = 15). Mean age for all patients was 52.45+13.2 years & male: Female ratio was 3.7:1 Baseline characteristics and clinical assessment with NIHSS, mRS, mBI, HRSD, FMA upper & lower extremity were comparable. In intergroup analysis, real group showed significant improvements in NIHSS, mRS & FMA lower extremity. No significant improvement in rTMS parameters was observed between the groups (Table 1). Real group showed statistically significant improvement in NIHSS, mRS, mBI post rTMS whereas FMA lower extremity could only show significant improvement post rTMS in Sham group (Table 2). Conclusion: Real rTMS with physiotherapy showed a trend of improvement in acute ischemic stroke. Physiotherapy regime for 3 months also led to clinical and functional recovery. Conclusive evidence of rTMS cannot be emphasized due to small sample size. Abbreviations: Nihss (National Institute of Heath Stroke Scale), mRS (modified ranking scale), mBI (modified Barthel Index), HRSD (Hamilton rating scale for depression), FMA (Fugl Meyer Assesment).
Bilateral vs. unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: A meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Previous studies have demonstrated inconsistent findings regarding the efficacy of bilateral vs. unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treating major depressive disorder (MDD). Therefore, this meta-analysis was conducted to compare the efficacy of these two rTMS modalities. Data were obtained from seven randomized controlled trials (RCTs) consisting of 509 subjects. Bilateral and unilateral rTMS displayed comparable efficacy in treating MDD with a pooled odds ratios of 1.06 (95% confidence interval (CI)=0.58-1.91) for response rates and 1.05 (95% CI=0.52-2.11) for remission rates. Subgroup analysis found that bilateral rTMS was equally effective in comparison with both left and right unilateral rTMS. No significant differences in drop-out rates were found. No publication bias was detected. In conclusion, the pooled examination demonstrated that bilateral rTMS displays comparable anti-depressant efficacy and acceptability to unilateral rTMS in treating MDD. These findings suggest that simultaneous rTMS of the right and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortices in MDD patients does not provide marginal benefits in terms of efficacy or acceptability. As the number of RCTs included here was limited, further large-scale multi-center RCTs are required to validate our conclusions. © 2014 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for treatment of major depression during pregnancy: Study protocol for a pilot randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Women with depression in pregnancy are faced with difficult treatment decisions. Untreated, antenatal depression has serious negative implications for mothers and children. While antidepressant drug treatment is likely to improve depressive symptoms, it crosses the placenta and may pose risks to the unborn child. Transcranial direct current stimulation is a focal brain stimulation treatment that improves depressive symptoms within 3 weeks of treatment by inducing changes to brain areas involved in depression, without impacting any other brain areas, and without inducing changes to heart rate, blood pressure or core body temperature. The localized nature of transcranial direct current stimulation makes it an ideal therapeutic approach for treating depression during pregnancy, although it has never previously been evaluated in this population.Methods/design: We describe a pilot randomized controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation among women with depression in pregnancy to assess the feasibility of a larger, multicentre efficacy study. Women over 18 years of age and between 14 and 32 weeks gestation can be enrolled in the study provided they meet diagnostic criteria for a major depressive episode of at least moderate severity and have been offered but refused antidepressant medication. Participants are randomized to receive active transcranial direct current stimulation or a sham condition that is administered in 15 30-minute treatments over three weeks. Women sit upright during treatment and receive obstetrical monitoring prior to, during and after each treatment session. Depressive symptoms, treatment acceptability, and pregnancy outcomes are assessed at baseline (prior to randomization), at the end of each treatment week, every four weeks post-treatment until delivery, and at 4 and 12 weeks postpartum.Discussion: Transcranial direct current stimulation is a novel therapeutic option for treating depression during pregnancy. This protocol allows for assessment of the feasibility of, acceptability of and adherence with a clinical trial protocol to administer this treatment to pregnant women with moderate to severe depression. Results from this pilot study will guide the development of a larger multicentre trial to definitively test the efficacy and safety of transcranial direct current stimulation for pregnant women with depression.Trial registration: Clinical Trials Gov NCT02116127.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for panic disorder in adults$$$ Background: Panic disorder (PD) is a common type of anxiety disorder, characterized by unexpected and repeated panic attacks or fear of future panic attacks, or both. Individuals with PD are often resistant to pharmacological or psychological treatments and this can lead to the disorder becoming a chronic and disabling illness. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can deliver sustained and spatially selective current to suppress or induce cortical excitability, and its therapeutic effect on pathological neuronal activity in people with PD has already been examined in case studies and clinical trials. However, a systematic review is necessary to assess the efficacy and safety of rTMS for PD. Objectives: To assess the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for panic disorder (PD) in adults aged 18 to 65 years, either as a monotherapy or as an augmentation strategy. Search methods: An electronic search of the Cochrane Depression, Anxiety and Neurosis Review Group Controlled Trials Register (CCDANCTR) was conducted to 19 February 2014. The CCDANCTR includes reports of relevant randomised controlled trials (RCTs) from MEDLINE (1950 to date), EMBASE (1974 to date), PsycINFO (1967 to date) and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (all years). Additional searches were conducted in Psyndex and the main Chinese medical databases. Selection criteria: RCTs or quasi-randomised trials evaluating rTMS for PD in people aged between 18 and 65 years, either as a monotherapy or as an augmentation strategy. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently selected studies and extracted data and verified the data by cross-checking. Disagreements were resolved by discussion. For binary data, we calculated fixed-effect model risk ratio (RR) and its 95% confidence interval (CI). For continuous data, we calculated fixed-effect model standardized mean difference (SMD) and its 95% CI. Main results: Two RCTs (n = 40) were included in this review. The included trials compared rTMS with sham rTMS; no trials comparing rTMS with active treatments (electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), pharmacotherapy, psychotherapy) met our inclusion criteria. Both included studies used 1 Hz rTMS over the right dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for two or four weeks as an augmentation treatment for PD. However, in both studies the data for the primary outcome, panic symptoms as measured by the Panic Disorder Severity Scale (PDSS), were skewed and could not be pooled for a quantitative analysis. For this primary outcome one trial with 25 participants reported a superior effect of rTMS in reducing panic symptoms compared with sham rTMS (t = 3.04, df = 16.57, P = 0.007), but this trial had a 16% dropout rate and so was deemed as having a high risk of attrition bias. The other trial found that all 15 participants exhibited a reduction in panic symptoms but there was no significant difference between rTMS and sham rTMS (Mann Whitney U test, P > 0.05). Regarding the acceptability of rTMS, no significant difference was found between rTMS and sham rTMS in dropout rates or in reports of side effects. The quality of evidence contributing to this review was assessed as very low. Assessments of the risk of bias for the two studies were hampered by the lack of information provided in the reports, especially on methods of sequence generation and whether allocation concealment had been applied. Of the remaining sources of bias, we considered one of the studies to have been at risk of attrition bias. Authors' conclusions: Only two RCTs of rTMS were available and their sample sizes were small. The available data were insufficient for us to draw any conclusions about the efficacy of rTMS for PD. Further trials with large sample sizes and adequate methodology are needed to confirm the effectiveness of rTMS for PD.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for memory enhancement: From clinical research to animal models$$$ There is a growing demand for new brain-enhancing technologies to improve mental performance, both for patients with cognitive disorders and for healthy individuals. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive, painless, and easy to use neuromodulatory technique that can improve performance on a variety of cognitive tasks in humans despite its exact mode of action remains unclear. We have conducted a mini-review of the literature to first briefly summarize the growing amount of data from clinical trials assessing the efficacy of tDCS, focusing exclusively on learning and memory performances in healthy human subjects and in patients with depression, schizophrenia, and other neurological disorders. We then discuss these findings in the context of the strikingly few studies resulting from animal research. Finally, we highlight future directions and limitations in this field and emphasize the need to develop translational studies to better understand how tDCS improves memory, a necessary condition before it can be used as a therapeutic tool.
The Efficacy and Safety of Low Frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Treatment-resistant Depression: The Results From a Large Multicenter French RCT$$$ Context: The aim of this study was to assess whether the combination of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and venlafaxine (150-225 mg/day) is effective and safe for treatment-resistant unipolar depression (TRD). Method: In a multicenter (18 centers) randomized double blind controlled trial with three arms, 170 patients were allocated to receive active rTMS combined with active venlafaxine (n = 55), active rTMS combined with placebo venlafaxine (n = 60) or sham rTMS combined with active venlafaxine (n = 55). The patients received once daily sessions of active or sham 1 Hz rTMS applied over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (360 pulses/day delivered at 120% of the resting motor threshold) for two to six weeks; rTMS was combined with active or sham venlafaxine (mean dose: 179.0 ± 36.6 mg/day). The primary outcome was the number of patients who achieved remission, which was defined as an HDRS17 score <8. Results: We reported a similar significant antidepressant effect in the 3 groups (P < 10-6), with a comparable delay of action and a comparable number of remitters at the endpoint (28% in the combination group, 41% in the rTMS group and 43% in the venlafaxine group; P = 0.59). Conclusion: Low frequency rTMS appears to be as effective as venlafaxine and as effective as the combination of both treatments for TRD. Because of its short session duration (the duration of one session was 8.5 min) and its safety, slow rTMS might be a useful alternative treatment for patients with TRD. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for treating posttraumatic stress disorder: An exploratory meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has yielded promising results as a treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD). However, to date, no quantitative review of its clinical utility has been published.
A review of the use of stimulants and stimulant alternatives in treating bipolar depression and major depressive disorder$$$ Objective: Prescribers often consider the off-label use of stimulants or stimulant alternatives as adjunctive antidepressants. The authors reviewed the available literature on the efficacy of these agents for treatment of refractory unipolar and bipolar depression. Data Sources: PubMed, MEDLINE, and relevant Englishlanguage literature from 1988-2013 were searched. Keywords were dopaminergic, stimulant, augmentation, treatment refractory depression, dextroamphetamine, methylphenidate, modafinil, atomoxetine, and cardiovascular safety. Study Selection: All randomized controlled trials (RCTs) published during this time period were included. When RCTs were unavailable, open studies were summarized. Data Extraction: Data on the efficacy of stimulants and stimulant alternatives as treatment augmentation for unipolar and bipolar depression were extracted. Results: Three open studies showed positive findings for dopaminergic stimulants, and, although 2 RCTs showed negative findings, a recent RCT revealed positive results for lisdexamfetamine as an adjunctive agent. To date, dopaminergic stimulants have not been tested in bipolar depression RCTs. Four completed RCTs suggested that modafinil/armodafinil were beneficial as treatment adjuncts for unipolar and bipolar depression, with very low rates of mood switch in bipolar depression. One study was stopped prematurely due to safety concerns of increased suicidality. Conclusions: Modafinil and armodafinil are recommended treatment adjuncts for refractory unipolar and bipolar depression. Until recently, RCT data on dopaminergic stimulants were too limited to warrant their use as first-line treatment adjuncts. However, the promising results of 1 recent lisdexamfetamine RCT, when considered in the context of the deleterious effect of subsyndromal depression, suggest consideration of dopaminergic medications in treatment-refractory unipolar or bipolar depression when modafinil is cost prohibitive or otherwise contraindicated.
Comparison of efficacy of ketamine versus thiopentone-assisted modified electroconvulsive therapy in major depression$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to compare the outcome of modified electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depressive disorder patients undergoing ECTwith thiopentone versus ketamine anesthesia. Background: Evidence suggests that glutamatergic dysfunctionVparticularly the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor complexVmay play an important role in the pathogenesis of depression. TheNMDAantagonists have been shown to have antidepressant effects. However, this issue is addressed only in few planned prospective studies with small samples. Methods: Sixty hospitalized patients (age, 18Y45 years) with major depressive disorder (Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition, Text Revision) were randomly allocated to either of the 2 modified ECT groups receiving thiopentone or ketamine as the anesthetic agent. The subjects were assessed on a weekly basis on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: The ketamine group required significantly lesser number of ECT sessions compared with the thiopentone group for achieving remission. The HAM-D and BDI scores were significantly lower in the ketamine group at the end of the first and second week. At the end of the ECT sessions, the mean BDI scores were similar in the 2 treatment groups, but the mean HAM-D scores were significantly lower in the ketamine group. Conclusions: There was a rapid onset of response and earlier improvement in depression in the group receiving ECT with ketamine as the anesthetic agent. Thus, the use of ketamine (NMDA antagonist) as an anesthetic improved the efficacy of ECT for treatment of depression.
Verbal fluency as a predictor of retrograde autobiographical memory after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: The aim of this study was to examine consistency in verbal fluency performance as a predictor of changes in retrograde autobiographical memory over a course of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Background: Electroconvulsive therapy is commonly associated with deficits in retrograde autobiographical memory that can be distressing for patients. Autobiographical memory, however, is not commonly assessed in clinical settings due in part to time restraints. Verbal fluency measures are sensitive to the effects of ECT and brief to administer, and performance may share a common neural network for retrieval of autobiographical memories. Methods: The Columbia Autobiographical Memory InterviewYShort Form (AMI-SF) and verbal fluency measures (FAS and animals) were administered at pre-ECT, post-ECT 6, and again at posttreatment in 121 depressed participants in a double-blind, randomized controlled trial of ultrabrief (0.3 ms) versus brief (1.0ms) pulsewidth ECT. Regression analysis examined predictors of consistency in AMI-SF performance at post-ECT 6 and at posttreatment. Results: At posttreatment, consistency in FAS performance (P = 0001) and time to reorientation post-ECT 6 (minutes) (P = 0.012) were significant predictors in the model. The association between consistency in verbal fluency and AMI-SF performance was strongest in patients who received right unilateral ECT (r = 0.46, P G 0.001, n = 85) and was comparable in magnitude to time to reorientation immediately after ECT 6 (r = j0.55, P G 0.001, n = 66). Conclusions: Consistency in verbal fluency performance may serve as a proxy measure for changes in retrograde autobiographical memory performance after a course of right unilateral ECT.
Response without remission with right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT switch to brief pulse unilateral ECT can be effective. A report of 2 cases$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to examine a clinical strategy in the management of partial responders to right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Background: Electroconvulsive therapy is 1 of the most effective treatments in psychiatry. New research involving different electrode placements and pulse widths has allowed us to be more precise in giving effective ECT while minimizing cognitive adverse effects. However, controversy exists in the ECT community over the preferred technique. Presently, there are relatively few randomized controlled trials to guide practitioners in their choices. Methods: We describe 2 cases of geriatric patients with major depressive disorder who achieved a response but not remission with a course of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse (RUL-UB) ECT, as evidenced by a plateau in the depression scores (measured using the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale) after 10 and 12 treatments of RUL-UB ECT. Results: In both instances, the patients achieved complete remission in their depressive symptoms after a switch to right unilateral brief pulse ECT. For both of the patients, there was no evidence of cognitive adverse effects with either pulsewidths.Aswitch to bilateral ECTwas not required, therefore allowing both patients to attain remission while preserving the cognitive advantages of the right unilateral electrode placement. Conclusions: These cases add to an emerging literature surrounding the decreased efficacy of RUL-UB ECT. We propose that a personalized, algorithmdriven approach in choosing electrode placement and pulse width could lead to better patient outcomes and clinical care.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for tinnitus$$$ Objectives: This presentation describes a Phase II clinical trial that was conducted to assess transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) as a treatment for chronic tinnitus. (1) Interpret the results of this clinical trial. (2) Describe the issues that need to be addressed before TMS can be implemented clinically as a treatment for tinnitus. Methods: This is a randomized, subject and clinician/ observer blind, placebo-controlled parallel-group clinical trial of repetitive TMS (rTMS) for chronic tinnitus that was conducted from January 2011 to December 2014 at Portland VA Medical Center. 60 subjects (average age 61.2 years) who experienced chronic tinnitus for 1 year or longer were randomly assigned to receive either active rTMS treatment or placebo treatment to either the left or right side of the head. Subjects received 2000 pulses of 1 Hz rTMS therapy daily on 10 consecutive work days. The primary outcome measure is the Tinnitus Functional Index (TFI), a 25-item questionnaire that assesses tinnitus severity. Independent variables: Beck Depression Inventory score; State Anxiety Inventory score. Preliminary analysis: Change in TFI score from baseline at 6 post-treatment time points. Results: Fifteen of 30 subjects in the active rTMS group exhibited significant improvement in TFI score that persisted for 6 months posttreatment. Seven of 30 subjects in the placebo rTMS group exhibited significant improvement in TFI score. Conclusions: While rTMS demonstrates potential as a treatment option for tinnitus patients, additional clinical trials should be conducted to confirm the efficacy of this method.
A review of cognitive changes associated with postelectroconvulsive therapy (ECT)$$$ Background & Hypothesis: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been observed to be an effective treatment to provide relief for major depressive disorder, schizophrenia, mania and catatonia. The cognitive side effects of the treatment would often be on the list of considerations in the decision of administration of ECT. However, studies have not been consistent with the cognitive side effects experienced. This review aimed to summarise identified ECT-associated cognitive changes from the current literature. Methods: Literature searches were conducted on scientific databases EMBASE, MEDLINE, OvidSP, PsycArticles, PsychINFO, PsychLIT and PubMed, using the following keywords: electroconvulsive therapy, ECT, cognitive, function, deficits, effects, on all relevant published studies. Results: From the 8 relevant publication identified (consisting of 91 studies, involving 3895 patients) through literature searches, 10 areas of cognitive changes post-ECT were highlighted, with varying severity and persistency. Discussion & Conclusion: The current review identified several cognitive performances that were influenced by ECT. This included orientation, processing speed, attention, working memory, psychomotor speed, retrograde memory, anterograde memory (including verbal and visual episodic memory), spatial problem solving, executive functioning, and intellectual abilities. However, these cognitive changes, their severity and persistency appeared to vary between studies, and some of the influencing factors identified were the ECT technique used in the administration, age, gender, and the premorbid intellectual function. There is, hence, a need for further randomised, control trial with large participant numbers to demonstrate the cognitive changes, their severity and persistency of the therapy.
Deep brain stimulation for depression: scientific and ethical issues$$$ Introduction: Depression is a common, burdensome condition that reduces quality of life, leads to social role impairment and has serious economic consequences. For many sufferers, residual symptoms persist following treatment with conventional therapies. In the most severe cases, patients may fail to respond to a combination of biological and psychological treatments, leading to profound disability. Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an emerging intervention for these treatment-resistant patients, but remains in the experimental phase. Open trials have consistently shown a sustained clinical response to chronic stimulation in the majority of subjects, which is remarkable given the chronicity and treatment-refractoriness of the sample. However, two recent randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trials have failed to replicate these results. Our aim in this paper was to generate potential explanations for these discrepant findings. We also examine ethical issues, with a focus on psychiatric adverse events, expanding on the consensus reached in the literature to date. Methods: We conducted a systematic review of the published open studies and compared them with available data from the recent placebo-controlled trials. We supplemented our investigation with a hand search of the Medline database for publications by authors in the major groups undertaking DBS for mood disorders. We added our experience from the Asia-Pacific Centre for Neuromodulation, the largest Australian DBS centre for movement disorders. Results: Scientific Issues - We considered a placebo effect that overestimated the response in open trials and examined factors relating to anatomical targeting and DBS programming in the more recent controlled trials. However, the most important issues are likely to be the pattern of network activation induced by stimulation, the identification of appropriate candidates and the duration of active stimulation in the crossover protocol. We suggest a greater focus on melancholia and question the selection of patients who have failed to respond to electroconvulsive therapy. Ethical Issues - We discuss the high rate of suicidal behaviour in this sample, considering the effects of DBS on impulsivity in the movement disorder population, as well as nonspecific psychological variables that may disrupt postoperative adaptation. We consider the management of risk in those with treatment-resistant depression and risk factors for suicide, concluding that it may nevertheless be acceptable to offer DBS, providing there is established evidence of benefit over placebo. Conclusion: We anticipate methodological refinements that will permit future randomised, controlled trials in this field.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in neuropathic pain secondary to malignancy: A randomized clinical trial$$$ Background: Significant analgesic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have been found in several studies of patients with chronic pain of various origins, but never for malignancy. The objective of this study was to assess the efficacy of 10 sessions of rTMS over the primary motor cortex (M1) in patients suffering from malignant neuropathic pain. Methods: Thirty-four patients were randomly allocated into one of two groups to receive real (20Hz, 10s, 10 trains with 80% intensity) or sham rTMS daily for 10 consecutive days. Patients were evaluated using a verbal descriptor scale (VDS), a visual analogue scale (VAS), Leeds assessment of neuropathic symptoms and signs (LANSS) and Hamilton rating scale for depression (HAM-D) at baseline, after the first, fifth and 10th treatment sessions, and then 15 days and 1 month after treatment. Results: There were no significant differences between real and sham groups in the duration of illness or pain rating scores at the baseline. A significant 'Time×Group' interaction was recorded indicating that real and sham rTMS had different effects on the VDS, VAS, LANSS and HAM-D scales. Post-hoc testing showed that the group of patients treated with real rTMS had greater improvement in all scales that persisted up to 15 days, but were not present 1 month later. Significant positive correlations between the percentage of pain reduction and HAM-D after the 10th session and 15 days later were recorded. Conclusion: The results demonstrate that 10 rTMS sessions over the M1 can induce short-term pain relief in malignant neuropathic pain. © 2014 European Pain Federation - EFIC®.
What saccadic eye movements tell us about TMS-induced neuromodulation of the DLPFC and mood changes: A pilot study in bipolar disorders$$$ The study assumed that the antisaccade (AS) task is a relevant psychophysical tool to assess (i) short-term neuromodulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) induced by intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS); and (ii) mood change occurring during the course of the treatment. Saccadic inhibition is known to strongly involve the DLPFC, whose neuromodulation with iTBS requires less stimulation time and lower stimulation intensity, as well as results in longer aftereffects than the conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Active or sham iTBS was applied every day for 3 weeks over the left DLPFC of 12 drug-resistant bipolar depressed patients. To assess the iTBS-induced short-term neuromodulation, the saccadic task was performed just before (S1) and just after (S2) the iTBS session, the first day of each week. Mood was evaluated through Montgomery and Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores and the difference in scores between the beginning and the end of treatment was correlated with AS performance change between these two periods. As expected, only patients from the active group improved their performance from S1 to S2 and mood improvement was significantly correlated with AS performance improvement. In addition, the AS task also discriminated depressive bipolar patients from healthy control subjects. Therefore, the AS task could be a relevant and useful tool for clinicians to assess if the Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)-induced short-term neuromodulation of the DLPFC occurs as well as a "trait vs. state" objective marker of depressive mood disorder. © 2014 Beynel, Chauvin, Guyader, Harquel, Bougerol, Marendaz and Szekely.
Cognitive-behavioral therapy as continuation treatment to sustain response after electroconvulsive therapy in depression: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective acute antidepressant intervention, sustained response rates are low. It has never been systematically assessed whether psychotherapy, continuation ECT, or antidepressant medication is the most efficacious intervention to maintain initial treatment response. Methods In a prospective, randomized clinical trial, 90 inpatients with major depressive disorder (MDD) were treated with right unilateral ultra-brief acute ECT. Electroconvulsive therapy responders received 6 months guideline-based antidepressant medication (MED) and were randomly assigned to add-on therapy with cognitive-behavioral group therapy (CBT-arm), add-on therapy with ultra-brief pulse continuation electroconvulsive therapy (ECT-arm), or no add-on therapy (MED-arm). After the 6 months of continuation treatment, patients were followed-up for another 6 months. The primary outcome parameter was the proportion of patients who remained well after 12 months. Results Of 90 MDD patients starting the acute phase, 70% responded and 47% remitted to acute ECT. After 6 months of continuation treatment, significant differences were observed in the three treatment arms with sustained response rates of 77% in the CBT-arm, 40% in the ECT-arm, and 44% in the MED-arm. After 12 months, these differences remained stable with sustained response rates of 65% in the CBT-arm, 28% in the ECT-arm, and 33% in the MED-arm. Conclusions These results suggest that ultra-brief pulse ECT as a continuation treatment correlates with low sustained response rates. However, the main finding implicates cognitive-behavioral group therapy in combination with antidepressants might be an effective continuation treatment to sustain response after successful ECT in MDD patients. © 2014 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Augmentative transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in poor responder depressed patients: a follow-up study$$$ OBJECTIVES: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neurostimulation technique that has received increasing interest in the area of mood disorders over the last several years. While acute, double-blind, sham-controlled studies have already reported positive findings in terms of efficacy and safety for tDCS, follow-up data are lacking. This need prompted the present follow-up study, which assesses post-acute effects of tDCS (no maintenance stimulation was performed), in the mid-term, in a sample of major depressives.
Transcranial extracellular impedance control (tEIC) modulates behavioral performances$$$ Electric brain stimulations such as transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS), and transcranial alternating current stimulation (tACS) electrophysiologically modulate brain activity and as a result sometimes modulate behavioral performances. These stimulations can be viewed from an engineering standpoint as involving an artificial electric source (DC, noise, or AC) attached to an impedance branch of a distributed parameter circuit. The distributed parameter circuit is an approximation of the brain and includes electric sources (neurons) and impedances (volume conductors). Such a brain model is linear, as is often the case with the electroencephalogram (EEG) forward model. Thus, the above-mentioned current stimulations change the current distribution in the brain depending on the locations of the electric sources in the brain. Now, if the attached artificial electric source were to be replaced with a resistor, or even a negative resistor, the resistor would also change the current distribution in the brain. In light of the superposition theorem, which holds for any linear electric circuit, attaching an electric source is different from attaching a resistor; the resistor affects each active electric source in the brain so as to increase (or decrease in some cases of a negative resistor) the current flowing out from each source. From an electrophysiological standpoint, the attached resistor can only control the extracellular impedance and never causes forced stimulation; we call this technique transcranial extracellular impedance control (tEIC). We conducted a behavioral experiment to evaluate tEIC and found evidence that it had real-time enhancement and depression effects on EEGs and a real-time facilitation effect on reaction times. Thus, tEIC could be another technique to modulate behavioral performance. © 2014 Matani et al.
A randomized controlled trial of targeted prefrontal cortex modulation with tDCS in patients with alcohol dependence$$$ Preliminary small studies have shown that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) reduces craving in alcoholic subjects. It is unclear whether tDCS also leads to changes in clinically meaningful outcomes for alcohol dependence in a properly powered phase II randomized clinical trial. We aimed to investigate whether repetitive tDCS changes the risk of alcohol use relapse in severe alcoholics from outpatient services. Thirty-five subjects were randomized to receive active bilateral [left cathodal/right anodal over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC)] repetitive (five consecutive days) tDCS (2 mA, 35 cm<sup>2</sup>, two times daily stimulation for 13 min with a 20-min interval) or sham-tDCS. There were two dropouts before treatment. From 33 alcoholic subjects, 17 (mean age 45.5±8.9 S.D., 16 males) were randomized to sham and 16 (44±7.8 S.D., 16 males) to real tDCS treatment. By the end of the six months of follow-up, two subjects treated with sham (11.8%) and eight treated with real tDCS (50%) were still alcohol-abstinent [p=0.02, Long-rank (Mantel-Cox) Test, HR=0.35 (95% CI, 0.14-0.85)]. No differences with regard to changes on scores of craving, frontal function, global mental status, depressive or anxiety symptoms were observed between groups. However, subjects from the tDCS group improved with regard to their overall perception of quality of life (p=0.02), and increased their scores in the environment domain (p=0.04) after treatment. Bilateral tDCS over dlPFC reduces relapse probability in severe alcoholic subjects and results in improved perception of quality of life.
Some psychotropic effects of Kolanut (Cola nitida) in adult wistar rats$$$ BACKGROUND: Kola nut (Cola nitida) is a widely consumed snack in the western part of Africa, and observed effects on consumers indicate it possesses some pharmacological properties. Caffeine is the most active ingredient in the fruit and the potential of its interaction with prescribed medication underscores the necessity for continuous investigations of its pharmacological properties. METHODS: This study investigated the effects of aqueous extract of Kola Nut (C. nitida) on novelty-induced behaviours, weight and food consumption patterns of adult wistar rats. Twenty rats (mean weight of 150.6g) were divided randomly into two groups (Test and Control) of ten rats each. Each group was subjected to the same environment of experiments. The test group was fed with the aqueous extract of kola nut in addition to normal feeds, while the control group had normal feed plus clean water. RESULTS: The result showed that kola nuts extract increased novelty-induced rearing (NIR), (novelty-induced grooming (NIG) and open field locomotion (OFL) at the first two days of oral administration in rats (P<0.05) but prolonged ingestion of the extract caused decreased effects (P<O.05). The rats exhibited anxiolytic behaviour as measured by elevated plus maze on the first day (P<0.05) and anxiogenic behaviour after prolonged feeding with the kola nuts extract (P<0.05). The test group on kola nut extract compared to the control group had significant weight loss (P<0.05). The test rats consumed more food in the first two days and gradually decreased their food consumption in the remaining days even when feeding with the kola nut extract was discontinued. These results indicated that the extract of kola nuts possesses potent stimulating effect in the first two days of administration but conversely depressant effects on prolonged administration. The anorectic effect of kola nuts extract was also observed. CONCLUSIONS: It could be inferred that kola nuts extract possess anxiogenic, anxiolytic and anorectic properties which could be exploited in the design of weight reducing therapies due to the advantage of their relatively non toxic effect.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation of deep brain regions in Alzheimer's disease$$$ Background: rTMS is a non-invasive technique using magnetic coils to painlessly stimulate brain regions to influence cortical activity. DeeprTMS allows for stimulation of deeper brain structures, thereby potentially providing more significant effects on brain activity and function. rTMS studies suggest that stimulation can produce long term changes in cortical synapses akin to LTP and LTD, and might influence neuronal regulation and network patterns. In a placebo-controlled, double-blind, pilot study we evaluated the safety and feasibility of high frequency and low frequency deep-rTMS to prefrontal areas of AD patients receiving stable doses of accepted AD medications. Methods: 40 participants, ages 55-80, with mild to moderate AD according to NINCDS-ADRDA criteria and receiving stable doses of standardADmedications were randomly divided into 3 treatment groups and received either real (10 Hz or 1 Hz) or sham rTMS treatments, in a double-blind, placebo-controlled fashion. Standard functional and cognitive assessments were performed at baseline, after the first 4 weeks of treatment, after the 8 week treatment period, and after an additional 8 week follow up post-treatment. Results: A trend toward improvement was observed in both cognitive and clinical measures in patients treated with high frequency deep-rTMS, which lasted through a 2 month, post-treatment phase. While some cognitive improvements were noted in the low-frequency treatment group, positive effects were less evident in clinical measures. Subjects with more advanced disease as based on cognitive scores showed more improvement with pre-frontal stimulation, which may suggest a location-related effect. Treatment effects were not related to changes in depressive symptoms. Conclusions: Deep-rTMS may have therapeutic value in the symptomatic treatment of patients with AD. High frequency stimulation appears to have a more beneficial effect in this small sample, but further studies to understand the physiological mechanisms of deeprTMS action and to improve treatment parameters are warranted.
Effects of propofol, ginsenoside Rg-1, protein phosphatae-2A, and lithium on the learning and memory in rats and the content of glutamic acid in hippocampus after the electmconrulsive therapy$$$ Objective: To explore and compare the effects of propofol, ginsenoside Rg-1, protein phosphatae-2A, and lithium on the learning and memory and the concentration of glutamic acid in hippocampus after the electmconrulsive therapy (ECT) in the model of depressed rats induced after the removal of olfactory bulb. Methods: The depressed rats were randomized into ECT intervention (two levels: no disposition and a course of electroconvulsive shock) and drug intervention (five levels: microinjection of saline injection, propofol, ginsenoside Rg-1, protein phosphatae-2A, and lithium, 20 g/L). Learning and memory were evaluated using the Morris water maze test within 24 h after the course of ECT. Glutamate contents in the hippocampus of rats were examined using high-performance liquid chromatography. Results: Both propofol alone and ECT alone induced the impairment of learning and memory in depressed rats, but their combination alleviated the such impairment caused by ECT. Ginsenoside Rg-1, protein phosphatae-2A, and lithium had no obvious effect on the leaning and improved the learning and memory when in combination with ECT. There was a synergic effect between ECT intervention and drug intervention. ECT remarkably increased the glutamate content in the hippocampus of depressed rats, which could be reduced by both propofol and ginsenoside Rg-1. Protein phosphatae-2A and lithium did not affect glutamate content in the hippocampus of depressed rats before and after ECT. Conclusions: ECT can increase the content of glutamate in hippocampus and thus cause the impairment of learning and memory in depressed rats. Propofol and ginsenoside Rg-1 can ameliorate the impairment by reducing the content of glutamate in hippocampus. Protein phosphatae-2A and lithium may also improve the learning and memory in depressed rats.
Cognitive control therapy and transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: A randomized, double-blinded, controlled trial$$$ Background Based on findings that major depressive disorder (MDD) is associated to decreased dorsolateral prefrontal cortical (DLPFC) activity; interventions that increase DLPFC activity might theoretically present antidepressant effects. Two of them are cognitive control therapy (CCT), a neurocognitive intervention that uses computer-based working memory exercises, and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), which delivers weak, electric direct currents over the scalp. Methods We investigated whether tDCS enhanced the effects of CCT in a double-blind trial, in which participants were randomized to sham tDCS and CCT (n=17) vs. active tDCS and CCT (n=20). CCT and tDCS were applied for 10 consecutive workdays. Clinicaltrials.gov identifier: NCT01434836. Results Both CCT alone and combined with tDCS ameliorated depressive symptoms after the acute treatment period and at follow-up, with a response rate of approximately 25%. Older patients and those who presented better performance in the task throughout the trial (possibly indicating greater engagement and activation of the DLPFC) had greater depression improvement in the combined treatment group. Limitations Our exploratory findings should be further confirmed in prospective controlled trials. Discussion CCT and tDCS combined might be beneficial for older depressed patients, particularly for those who have cognitive resources to adequately learn and improve task performance over time. This combined therapy might be specifically relevant in this subgroup that is more prone to present cognitive decline and prefrontal cortical atrophy. © 2014 Elsevier B.V.
Modulation of cortical activity by transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with affective disorder$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been shown to have antidepressant efficacy in patients experiencing a major depressive episode, but little is known about the underlying neurophysiology. The purpose of our study was to investigate the acute effects of tDCS on cortical activity using electroencephalography (EEG) in patients with an affective disorder. Eighteen patients diagnosed with an affective disorder and experiencing a depressive episode participated in a sham-controlled study of tDCS, each receiving a session of active (2 mA for 20 minutes) and sham tDCS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The effects of tDCS on EEG activity were assessed after each session using event-related potentials (ERP) and measurement of spectral activity during a visual working memory (VWM) task. We observed task and intervention dependent effects on both ERPs and task-related alpha and theta activity, where active compared to sham stimulation resulted in a significant reduction in the N2 amplitude and reduced theta activity over frontal areas during memory retrieval. In summary a single session of anodal tDCS stimulation to the left DLPFC during a major depressive episode resulted in modulated brain activity evident in task-related EEG. Effects on the N2 and frontal theta activity likely reflect modulated activity in the medial frontal cortex and hence indicate that the after-effects of tDCS extend beyond the direct focal effects to the left DLPFC. © 2014 Powell et al.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment of depression. During the last decades repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), an alternative method using electric stimulation of the brain, has revealed possible alternative to ECT in the treatment of depression. There are some clinical trials comparing their efficacies and safeties but without clear conclusions, mainly due to their small sample sizes. In the present study, a meta-analysis had been carried out to gain statistical power. Outcomes were response, remission, acceptability and cognitive effects in depression. Following a comprehensive literature search that included both English and Chinese language databases, we identified all randomized controlled trials that directly compared rTMS and ECT for major depression. 10 articles (9 trials) with a total of 425 patients were identified. Methodological quality, heterogeneity, sensitivity and publication bias were systematically evaluated. ECT was superior to high frequency rTMS in terms of response (64.4% vs. 48.7%, RR=1.41, p=0.03), remission (52.9% vs. 33.6%, RR=1.38, p=0.006) while discontinuation was not significantly different between the two treatments (8.3% vs. 9.4%, RR=1.11, p=0.80). According to the subgroup analysis, the superiority of ECT was more apparent in those with psychotic depression, while high frequency rTMS was as effective as ECT in those with non-psychotic depression. The same results were obtained in the comparison of ECT with low frequency rTMS. ECT had a non-significant advantage over high frequency rTMS on the overall improvement in HAMD scores (p=0.11). There was insufficient data on medium or long term efficacy. Both rTMS and ECT were well tolerated with only minor side effects reported. Results based on 3 studies suggested that specific cognitive domains such as visual memory and verbal fluency were more impaired in patients receiving ECT. In conclusion, ECT seemed more effective than and at least as acceptable as rTMS in the short term, especially in the presence of psychotic depression. This review identified the lack of good quality trials comparing the long-term outcome and cognitive effects of rTMS and ECT, especially using approaches to optimize stimulus delivery and reduce clinical heterogeneity. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Predictive value of baseline resistance in early response to antidepressants$$$ Background Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is the 3rd source for burden worldwide according to the World Health Organization (WHO). This comes partly from unsatisfactory response rates after usual treatment, highlighting the need for early indicators such as early improvement of depressive symptoms to adapt treatment strategies, especially for severe inpatients. Thus our objective was to assess the predictive value of baseline partial resistance in early antidepressant response (EAR), hypothesizing that previous treatment failures would decrease the probability of early response. Methods We included 122 consecutive inpatients with current unipolar MDE. The Mini-Neuropsychiatric Interview was used to ascertain DSM-IV diagnoses of MDD as well as psychiatric comorbidities, and to exclude patients with a history of bipolar disorder. A specifically designed questionnaire was used to collect data on previous treatment trials for the current episode so as to generate scores on the five existing methods for quantifying treatment resistance. We prospectively assessed EAR, defined as a 50% decrease in MADRS after 14 days of steady regimen of antidepressant. Results In the per protocol sample (N=76), multivariate analyses showed that psychotic features at baseline remained an independent predictor of absence of EAR (p<.01), unlike baseline partial resistance, which may rather be associated with a lack of any improvement. Limitations Lack of data about further response and non-randomized treatment allocation. Conclusion Available methods for quantifying treatment resistance are heterogeneous and do not predict short-term response among severely depressed inpatients, despite potential usefulness in predicting a lack of early improvement. © 2014 Elsevier B.V.
D2 agonist administration restores altered cortical plasticity in Alzheimer's disease patients$$$ In animal models of Alzheimer's disease (AD), amyloid beta fragments interfere with mechanisms of cortical plasticity such as long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD). Accordingly, recent evidence showed that in AD patients LTP-like cortical plasticity is impaired, while LTD seems to be preserved. Despite its major role in synaptic plasticity mechanisms, the involvement of dopamine (DA) in controlling cortical plasticity mechanisms in AD is still debated. A crucial role dopaminergic networks in cognitive and motor processes has been well established but largely unexplored in AD. Here we aimed at investigating whether administration of a D2 agonist could modulate cortical plasticity in AD patients, as measured by standard theta burst stimulation (TBS) protocols applied over the primary motor cortex (M1). Three groups of mild AD patients were tested before and after four weeks of treatment with rotigotine, rivastigmine or placebo. Each patient was evaluated for plasticity induction of LTP/LTD-like effects using respectively intermittent TBS (iTBS) or continuous TBS (cTBS). Central cholinergic activity was also evaluated by means of the short latency afferent inhibition (SLAI) protocol. Neuropsychological evaluations were performed to assess memory, executive functions and visuo-spatial abilities. At baseline AD patients showed the previously described pattern of impaired LTP-like cortical plasticity as assessed by iTBS. After two weeks of D2 agonist administration we observed a remarkable change in the iTBS protocol effects, revealing that LTP-like plasticity was strikingly enhanced. No effects were seen in the rivastigmine and in the placebo group. LTD-like cortical plasticity induced by cTBS was not modulated in any condition. Cholinergic activity was slightly increased by both rotigotine and rivastigmine groups. Neuropsychological testing showed that increased levels of LTP-like cortical plasticity in the rotigotine groups were paralleled by an improvement in the MMSE and in executive functions. Our findings highlight a role for dopamine in the pathophysiology of AD suggesting that a dysfunction of D2-like receptors is involved in mechanisms of altered cortical plasticity and providing novel implications for new therapies based on dopaminergic stimulation.
Probing changes in corticospinal excitability following continuous theta burst stimulation of the human motor cortex$$$ Question: The long-term depression-like reduction in corticospinal excitability induced by continuous theta burst stimulation (cTBS) of the human motor cortex can vary considerably between individuals and between studies. This may be related to the methods used to probe excitability changes following cTBS. Whereas most studies use single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) at single, intermediate test intensities to evoke motor evoked potentials (MEPs) with amplitudes that lie within the linear portion of the sigmoidal input-output curve, it is unclear whether this method is optimal for detecting cTBS-induced after-effects. Therefore, we constructed input-output curves before and following cTBS to determine the range of test intensities that are most sensitive to the effects of cTBS. Methods: Single-pulse TMS was applied to the left motor cortex and MEPs were recorded from the right first dorsal interosseous muscle. To construct input-output curves, eight TMS pulses were applied at ten different stimulus intensities between 90% and 180% of resting motor threshold (RMT) in a pseudo-randomised order. Curves were measured five times: twice at baseline and at 0, 15, and 30 min following cTBS. Results: There was no effect of cTBS on MEPs evoked using near-threshold stimulus intensities, nor was there a change in MEPs at intermediate stimulus intensities above threshold. However, MEPs evoked using intensities between 150% and 180% RMT (corresponding to the upper end of the sigmoidal input-output curve) were depressed following cTBS. Conclusions: These results suggest that test intensities higher than those conventionally used may be required to detect cTBS-induced changes in corticospinal excitability.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of adolescents with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD)$$$ Question: The stimulation of the brain with weak direct current through the scalp (tDCS) is a safe, well tolerable and effective procedure which allows a focal modification of cortical excitability in brain areas of interest and causes changes of corresponding neurophysiological functions associated with the stimulated brain areas. In our study we investigated the influences of the anodal tDCS of the prefrontal cortex on the clinical symptoms of adolescent ADHD as well as on the neuropsychological parameters: working memory, executive functions and attention. Methods: Sixteen adolescents with ADHD (12-16 years old) were treated according to the double-blind sham controlled cross-over design with anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC, 1mA, 20 min) and with the sham protocol (impedance control, no direct current, 20 min) 5 days each with a 2 weeks pause between these conditions. The first tDCS and sham stimulation were performed in the MR scanner combined with the working memory task during the fMRI (3 Tesla Siemens Trio). The influence of tDCS on the neuronal networks of attention, impulse inhibition and working memory was investigated. The clinical effects were evaluated by patients and their parents in standardized questionnaires (FBB-ADHS). The dynamik of neuropsychological parameters was studied using a computerized continuous working memory test (QbTest, QbTech, Sweden) each day during the treatment and one week after. Results: All 16 Patients tolerated the tDCS well. 5 Patients reported local sensation such as itching under the stimulation electrode, which occured during the tDCS as well as during the sham condition. A significant improvement of the reaction time variability was observed in tDCS and not in the sham condition. Corresponding activation of attention/working memory network was registered in the tDCS condition compared with sham stimulation. This activation was observed not ony in der brain area under the stimulating electrode (DLPFC) but also in brain areas remote from the stimulated region (inferior frontal gyrus, anterior cingulate). Conclusion: Anodal tDCS revealed significant clinical effects in ADHD. The neuropsychological changes in RT variability correlated with an activation of attention/working memory networks. This project expandes the perspective of a possible use of tDCS on the treatment of ADHD and other psychiatric disorders such as tics, anorexia and depression in children and adolescents.
Therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (cTBS) in major depression: A double-blind sham-controlled study$$$ In a previous open study we have demonstrated safety, tolerability and antidepressant properties of continuous theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (cTBS) in patients with major depression (MD). The aim of the present study was to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of cTBS using a double-blind sham-controlled design. A total of 29 patients with MD were recruited for the study. Initially, patients were randomized to receive either active cTBS to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (n=15) or sham cTBS (n=14) for 10 consecutive work days. After the 10th session, patients who received sham TMS were crossed over to the active cTBS treatment which consisted of 10 daily sessions. Patients who received active cTBS continued with the same treatment protocol for another 10 sessions. Each treatment session consisted of 3600 stimuli delivered in four consecutive trains of 900 stimuli each separated by a 15 minute interval at an intensity of 100% of the active motor threshold. Severity of depression was assessed weekly by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). Overall, there was no significant difference in the degree of clinical improvement between active and sham TBS groups. However, in patients whose medication status was not changed before the trial (n=8) and those who were medication free (n=3), active cTBS resulted in a significantly greater reduction of HDRS as compared to sham cTBS. The results of this study failed to demonstrate overall superiority of cTBS compared to sham treatment. However, cTBS might be beneficial in MD patients who are nonresponsive to ongoing pharmacological treatment.
Suppressing cortical hyperexcitability of right parietal cortex by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) relieved the anxiety symptom of patients with generalized anxiety disorder$$$ Question: Generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) is a common anxiety disorder. However, the underlying mechanisms of the disorder are poorly understood. Prior studies have shown dysfunction of right parietal cortex in patients with anxiety disorders. The purpose of the present study was to investigate the changes in cortical excitability of right parietal cortex using the recovery function of median nerve somatosensory evoked potentials (SEPs), and to assess the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the right parietal cortex on anxiety in patients with GAD. Methods: This study was comprised of two parts. In the first part, we studied the recovery function of left median nerve SEPs in 15 medication-naive GAD patients and in 15 age- and sex-matched healthy subjects. SEPs in response to single stimulus and paired stimuli at interstimulus intervals (ISIs) of 20, 60, 100 and 150 ms were recorded. In the second part, 42 patients with GAD were randomly assigned to receive 1 Hz low-frequency rTMS (rTMS group, 22 patients) or sham rTMS (sham group, 20 patients) to the right parietal cortex (over 10-20 EEG electrode site P4) for ten days. The Hamilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA), Hamilton depression Scale (HAMD) and Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) scores were obtained before and after the treatment period, two weeks and one month after the treatment. Results: In the first part, the recovery function of the cortical component of P25 showed significantly less suppression at ISI of 20 ms in GAD patients as compared to healthy controls. In the second part, the HAMA, PSQI and HAMD scores after the treatment period, two weeks and one month after the treatment, significantly decreased in comparison with scores before the treatment period. However, no significant changes of theses scores were observed in the sham group. Conclusions: The present study suggests that cortical excitability of right parietal cortex is increased in GAD patients, and suppressing the hyperexcitability of it by low-frequency rTMS was effective in relieving anxiety in patients with GAD.
Cognitive behavioural therapy for treatment of insomnia in older adults with symptomatic knee osteoarthritis: A randomized trial$$$ Background Osteoarthritis (OA) particularly knee OA, is a common cause of pain and disability among older adults. Sleep quality is a major concern among persons with OA, with 60% of patients reporting nocturnal pain. Pain interferes with sleep and disturbed sleep lowers the pain threshold. Pain initiates and exacerbates sleep disturbance, whereas disturbed sleep maintains and exacerbates pain. Objectives To explore the potential impact of improving sleep by cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) on OA pain and functional outcomes. Methods 118 patients, mean age 68.2 years with primary knee OA were recruited in this 12-week randomized controlled trial. Eligibility criteria included persons with both clinically significant persistent knee pain defined as >40 mm on a 100-mm visual analogue scale (VAS)/daily pain and clinically significant insomnia defined by self-reported sleep difficulties (trouble falling asleep, difficulty staying asleep, waking up too early ect.) at least 3 nights/week during the past month. Exclusion criteria included rheumatoid arthritis, obstructive sleep apnoea, any primary sleep disorder, dementia and cancer. Patients were randomly assigned to a combined CBT and usual care intervention group (n=59) or to a usual care control group (n=59). The CBT consisted of twelve weekly sessions on pain and sleep management rationale, sleep hygiene education, stimulus control and sleep restriction. Primary outcome measures included pain reduction and improvement in sleep. Insomnia was assessed using the sleep diary and Insomnia Severity Index (ISI) total item score. Secondary outcomes included improvements in physical function scores assessed by using the Western Ontario and McMaster Universities Osteoarthritis Index (WOMAC) and activities of daily living (ADL). Ancillary outcomes included cognitive function assessed by the mini mental state examination (MMSE), depression assessed by the geriatric depression scale (GDS) and medication use. Results CBT subjects as compared to the usual care group reported significantly improved sleep and significantly reduced pain after treatment. In the intervention group there was a statistically significant reduction in insomnia severity (score range 0-27) compared to the control group (mean treatment difference = -1.85, 95% CI = -2.73 to -0.97; P<0.001). Post-treatment there was a clinically relevant reduction in the intervention group compared to the control group for knee pain. The mean difference between treatment arms (95% CI was 9.9 (1.8 to 18.0); p<0.005. The intervention group had better functioning than participants continuing usual care group as assessed by WOMAC-function scores and ADLs. Post-treatment MMSE and GDS scores showed improvement in the intervention group compared to the placebo group. A positive correlation was found between insomnia severity and knee pain, r=0.585; p<0.001. Conclusions The study indicates that CBT was effective for older adults with OA pain and insomnia. CBT improved functional outcomes and depression. The findings, support the hypothesis that improving sleep, per se, in patients with OA may be analgesic, such that perceived pain is reduced without being specifically targeted. These results further suggest that techniques to improve sleep, such as CBT should be considered as additions to the therapeutic armamentarium for pain management in OA.
A deep sequencing study of circulating microRNA levels in peripheral whole blood following ECT for severe depression$$$ Objective: A discovery phase study to assess alterations in microRNA expression following treatment with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: 16 patients (8 females; age 63.7 (SD =13.1) with a major depressive episode (DSM-IV) and who showed a good response to ECT were selected from a larger cohort participating in a randomised controlled trial of ECT for depression (ISRCTN23577151). Depression severity was assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). We also measured: general cognition using the Addenbrooke's Cognitive Examination-Revised (ACE-R); frontal-executive function using Trail-making (TMT-B) and fluency tests; working memory using Digit Spans; and verbal memory using the Buschke Selective Reminding Test (BSRT). Early morning fasting whole blood samples were taken before and after completing the allocated ECT course using the PaxGene system (Qiagen) and then purified using PaxGene kits. Deep sequencing was performed using the SOLiD platform (Applied Biosystems). Bioinformatic analysis of deep sequencing data was performed to identify differentially expressed miRNAs. With 16 patients we have 80% power to detect a 2-fold change in miRNA levels. Correlation analyses of pre/post-ECT changes in miRNA abundance with clinical data were performed. Results: Pre and post ECT HDRS scores were 30.4(5.7) and 7.1(4.1). The quality of the miRNA samples was good (RIN>6) for sequencing, which revealed several miRNAs with altered levels post ECT. These data and further bioinformatic analyses of target mRNAs will be presented along with results of clinical association studies. Conclusion: MicroRNAs may have a role as a biomarker in depression.
Dopaminergic Modulation of Cortical Plasticity in Alzheimer's Disease Patients$$$ In animal models of Alzheimer's disease (AD), mechanisms of cortical plasticity such as long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) are impaired. In AD patients, LTP-like cortical plasticity is abolished, whereas LTD seems to be preserved. Dopaminergic transmission has been hypothesized as a new player in ruling mechanisms of cortical plasticity in AD. We aimed at investigating whether administration of the dopamine agonist rotigotine (RTG) could modulate cortical plasticity in AD patients, as measured by theta burst stimulation (TBS) protocols of repetitive transcranial stimulation applied over the primary motor cortex. Thirty mild AD patients were tested in three different groups before and after 4 weeks of treatment with RTG, rivastigmine (RVT), or placebo (PLC). Each patient was evaluated for plasticity induction of LTP/LTD-like effects using respectively intermittent TBS (iTBS) or continuous TBS protocols. Short-latency afferent inhibition (SAI) protocol was performed to indirectly assess central cholinergic activity. A group of age-matched healthy controls was recruited for baseline comparisons. Results showed that at baseline, AD patients were characterized by impaired LTP-like cortical plasticity, as assessed by iTBS. These reduced levels of LTP-like cortical plasticity were increased and normalized after RTG administration. No effect was induced by RVT or PLC on LTP. LTD-like cortical plasticity was not modulated in any condition. Cholinergic activity was increased by both RTG and RVT. Our findings reveal that dopamine agonists may restore the altered mechanisms of LTP-like cortical plasticity in AD patients, thus providing novel implications for therapies based on dopaminergic stimulation.Neuropsychopharmacology advance online publication, 18 June 2014; doi:10.1038/npp.2014.119.
More female patients and fewer stimuli per session are associated with the short-term antidepressant properties of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS): A meta-analysis of 54 sham-controlled studies published between 1997-2013$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) appears to have short-term antidepressant properties. The aim of the current study was to update our previous meta-analysis and to investigate factors associated with the antidepressant properties of rTMS. Method: Following a systematic literature search conducted in Medline and PsycInfo, N=14 sham-controlled, parallel design studies (published after 2008 to August 2013) that had utilized rTMS of the DLPFC in major depression were included in the current meta-analysis. The sensitivity and moderator analyses also included data from N=40 studies (published in 1997-2008) from our previous meta-analysis. The effect size (Cohen's d) in each study was the standardized difference in mean depression scores (on Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Beck Depression Inventory, Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale) from baseline to final (after last session) in rTMS compared to sham groups. Results: According to a random-effects model with inverse-variance weights, depression scores were significantly reduced after rTMS compared to sham in studies published from 2008-2013 based on N=659 patients (overall mean weighted d=-0.42, 95% confidence interval: -0.66, -0.18, P=0.001). Combining studies from our past and current meta-analyses (published in 1997-2013; N=54) revealed that depression was significantly reduced after left-fast (>1 Hz), right-slow (≤1 Hz), and bilateral (or sequential) rTMS of DLPFC compared to sham. Significant antidepressant properties of rTMS were observed in studies with patients who were treatment resistant, unipolar (or bipolar), non-psychotic, medication-free (or started on antidepressants concurrently with rTMS). According to univariate meta-regressions, depression scores were significantly lower in studies with more female patients and fewer stimuli per session. There was little evidence that publication bias occurred in the analysis. Conclusion: According to this study, the largest meta-analysis to date, short-term antidepressant properties of rTMS are independent of concurrent antidepressants and might depend on sex and the number of stimuli per session. © 2014 Kedzior et al.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an adjuvant method in the treatment of depression: preliminary results$$$ INTRODUCTION: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a method of brain stimulation which is increasingly used in both clinical practice and research. Up-to-date studies have pointed out a potential antidepressive effect of rTMS, but definitive superiority over placebo has not yet been confirmed.
Translational use of tdcs in major depressive disorder: Focus on neuroplasticity$$$ Background: Prefrontal dysbalance, and deficient long-term potentiationlike plasticity are increasingly recognized as important factors in depression. Counteracting these alterations by plasticity induction via tDCS is an innovative therapeutic option. Short-lasting after-effects, and interindividual variability are limiting factors. We aimed to explore if (a) repetition of stimulation, and (b) combination with pharmacological intervention improves efficacy. Furthermore, we explored if (c) interindividual differences of baseline excitability are related to tDCS efficacy. Methods: 12-22 healthy adults participated. Cortical excitability was monitored by TMS-elicited motor evoked potential (MEP) amplitudes. For (a), excitability alterations induced by 1 mA anodal tDCS for 13, and 26 min were compared those accomplished by repetitive stimulation. For (b), anodal tDCS was combined with 20 mg citalopram, or placebo. For (c), TMS intensity which induced MEP amplitudes of about 1 mV was taken as index of baseline excitability. Data analysis was conducted by rmANOVAs, and consecutive post hoc tests. Results: (a) anodal tDCS-induced excitability enhancements were prolonged for over 24h by short intervals of 3, and 20 min, but not by long intervals (3, 24h), or prolonged stimulation. (b), citalopram prolonged, and enhanced the size of the anodal tDCS-induced after-effects. (c) baseline excitability has a relevant impact on the efficacy of tDCS to induce plasticity. Lower baseline excitability results in smaller effects. Conclusions: Specific stimulation protocols are able to improve the impact of tDCS on cortical excitability. Sources of interindividual variability should be taken into account. The transferability to optimize clinical effects of tDCS in depression remains to be shown.
TDCS as a monotherapy for depression: Results from a randomized clinical trial and follow-up study$$$ Background: Preliminary evidence suggests transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has antidepressant efficacy. The efficacy of tDCS was further investigated 1) in a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of acute treatment effects, and 2) in an open label trial examining whether responders to acute tDCS remained well when given weekly - fortnightly continuation tDCS treatments. Methods: Acute study: 64 participants with current depression received active or sham anodal tDCS to the left prefrontal cortex (2 mA 15 sessions over 3 weeks), followed by a 3-week open-label active treatment phase. Mood and neuropsychological effects were assessed. Continuation study: 26 responders to acute tDCS treatment received weekly tDCS for 3 months, then fortnightly tDCS for 3 months. Results: Acute study: There was significantly greater improvement in mood after active than after sham treatment (p<0.05), although no difference in responder rates at the end of 3 weeks (13% in both groups). After six weeks of active tDCS, 15/30 participants were responders. Attention and working memory improved after a single session of active but not sham tDCS (p <0.05). There was no decline in neuropsychological functioning after 3-6 weeks of tDCS. Continuation study: The cumulative probability of surviving without relapse was 83.7% at 3 months and 51.1% at 6 months. Medication resistance was found to be a predictor of relapse during continuation tDCS. Conclusions: Findings confirm earlier reports of the antidepressant efficacy and safety of tDCS. Continuation treatments with tDCS, particularly when given weekly, may be an effective tool for preventing relapse.
TDCS as an add-on therapy: The augmentative role of TDCS for the treatment of depression$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) trials for major depressive disorder (MDD) have shown positive although mixed results. Our study aim was to assess the efficacy and safety of tDCS compared and combined to sertraline. Methods: Double-blind, controlled design. 120 participants with antidepressantfree, unipolar depression were randomized using a 2x2 factorial design to sertraline/ placebo and active/sham tDCS. The treatment consisted in a six-week treatment of 2-mA anodal left / cathodal right prefrontal tDCS (12 30-min sessions: 10 consecutive sessions once daily in workdays plus 2 extra sessions every other week) and sertraline (50 mg/day). The primary outcome measure was the change in Montgomery-Asberg depression scale (MADRS) score at 6 weeks (endpoint). Results: At the main endpoint, there was a significant difference in MADRS scores, when comparing the combined treatment group (sertraline/active-tDCS) vs. sertraline-only (mean difference of 8.5; 95% CI=2.96-14.03; p<0.01), tDCSonly (mean 5.9; 95% CI=0.36-11.43; p<0.01) and placebo/sham-tDCS (mean 11.5 points; 95% CI 6.03-17.1; p<0.01). TDCS-only vs. sertraline-only presented comparable efficacies (mean difference of 2.6; 95% CI=8.13 to -2.9; p=0.35). Conclusions: In MDD, the combination of tDCS and sertraline increases the efficacy of each treatment. The efficacy and safety of tDCS and sertraline did not differ.
Ultrabrief right unilateral ect in geriatric depression: Antidepressant and cognitive outcomes$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) is a rapidly effective antidepressant, but concerns about cognitive side effects have limited its use. Right unilateral (RUL) electrode placement, and ultrabrief (UB) pulse width are methods to reduce that risk, but knowledge about the efficacy of this modality in the elderly is limited. We present results from Phase 1 of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study that examined outcomes of UB RUL ECT in patients with geriatric depression. Methods: PRIDE is an NIMH-supported, multi-site collaborative study in which unipolar depressed geriatric patients receive a course of UB RUL ECT augmented by venlafaxine (Phase I). Remitters are randomized to a relapse prevention strategy (Phase II). Ratings are made at baseline and in association with each ECT, using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression 24-item (HRSD24). We used the Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE) to measure global cognitive function at baseline and after each ECT. Results: To date 203 patients have entered PRIDE, and 142 have completed Phase 1. Remission rate was 83.8% in those who completed Phase 1, and 58.6% in the intent to treat sample. 80% of patients seized on the first titration step, which permitted most patients to receive treatment at the intended 6x seizure threshold. After the acute course there was no significant change in the MMSE raw score or T-score. Conclusions: These data support the safety and efficacy of UB RUL ECT in geriatric depression.
A randomized pilot study of maintenance neurostar transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in patients with major depression-interim analysis$$$ Background: This pilot study examined the durability of long-term symptom relief after acute TMS administration comparing two different maintenance treatment regimens in medication-free patients. Methods: Patients with unipolar, non-psychotic MDD, who had failed to receive benefit from prior antidepressant treatment were enrolled. Patients meeting criteria (HAMD17 25 % improvement) at the end of a fixed six-week acute treatment were randomized to two maintenance regimens: (A) once monthly maintenance TMS or (B) monthly observation. Patients in either arm received TMS reintroduction for protocol defined symptomatic worsening (HAMD17 ≥ 16 and worsening ≥ 25 %). The primary outcome was the proportion of patients without symptomatic worsening through 3 months. Results: Sixty seven medication-free patients were enrolled 32 patients (16 A, 16 B) met evaluable criteria at 21 weeks. Forty-one of 67 (61.2%) remitted (HAMD17< 8) with acute treatment. At the 3-months, 10/16 patients (ARM A: 62.5%) vs. 7/16 patients (ARM B: 43.8%) did not experience symptomatic worsening (P=NS). Conclusions: A 6-week course of NeuroStar TMS treatment induced remission in 61.2% of all enrolled patients. Overall, there was a good durability of effect of TMS therapy over 3 months in a medication free population regardless of maintenance regimen.
Effectiveness of synchronized transcranial magnetic stimulation (sTMS) for treatment of major depression$$$ Background: There is evidence that subthreshold magnetic stimulation of the brain delivered at an individual's alpha frequency (IAF) significantly affects brain function, and may have therapeutic benefit for the treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD). Methods: Six-week double blind sham controlled treatment trial of a novel TMS device for treatment of MDD. Three rotating neodymium magnets were used to impart subthreshold sinusoidal waveform transcranial magnetic stimulation synchronized to the IAF, termed synchronized TMS (sTMS). IAF was determined from a single-channel EEG performed prior to the first treatment. The sham device utilized non-magnetized rotating steel cylinders. 120 unmedicated adult subjects (mean age 46) with moderate MDD (mean baseline 17-item HamD17 of 21.5) completed six weeks of treatment per protocol. Antidepressant Treatment History scores ranged from 0-6. Results: Subjects treated with sTMS had significantly greater mean decrease in HamD17 scores after six weeks than did those receiving sham treatment (-9.00 versus -6.56, p = 0.033). There was significant interaction between prior history of antidepressant treatment and efficacy, with subjects who had a history of treatment resistance or intolerance in the current episode showing greater differential improvement (-8.58 vs. -4.25, p = 0.017) and significantly higher response rates (34.2% vs. 8.3%, p = 0.017) to sTMS than sham. There was no difference in efficacy between active and sham in treatment-naïve subjects. No serious adverse events were attributable to sTMS. Conclusions: These results indicate that sTMS is a safe and effective treatment for MDD. Future studies should examine the longer-term benefits of sTMS treatment.
Predictors of changes in retrograde autobiographical memory following electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Deficits in retrograde autobiographical memory are a common and distressing side-effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Factors found to be associated with increased risk include patient characteristics and ECT treatment parameters. Little is known about the relative contribution or associations between these variables in predicting outcomes. Methods: Data was retrospectively analyzed from 75 depressed patients who participated in a randomized controlled study of brief and ultrabrief pulse width ECT. Brief or ultrabrief pulse ECT was given 3 times a week using either right unilateral or bitemporal electrode placements. Retrograde autobiographical memory was measured before and after the ECT course using the Columbia Autobiographical Memory Interview - Short Form. Factors investigated as predictors included time to reorientation, patient characteristics, treatment parameters, and cognitive variables. Results: Multivariate analysis showed that two cognitive measures, time to reorientation after 6 ECT, and consistency of semantic fluency performance, predicted retrograde autobiographical memory performance post treatment. Further, path analysis showed that, in addition to pulse width and electrode placement, type of anesthetic and increased age with greater number of ECT treatments, significantly predicted longer times to reorientation. Change in semantic fluency performance following ECT was almost equally as important as time to reorientation in predicting poorer outcomes. Conclusions: These results confirm the utility of measuring time to reorientation for predicting retrograde autobiographical memory performance following ECT. With increased number of treatments, older age is a risk factor for greater retrograde autobiographical memory side-effects. Change in semantic fluency performance may be useful for predicting retrograde autobiographical memory side-effects following ECT.
Transcranial random noise stimulation: A new approach to stimulating the brain$$$ Background: There is increasing interest in the field of psychiatry in transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) techniques as an alternative to medication. One novel technique is transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) which involves the delivery of a randomly oscillating current through electrodes placed on the scalp. The present study aimed to examine the neuromodulatory effects of tRNS by comparing it to the standard form of tES (transcranial direct current stimulation; tDCS). Methods: Healthy participants were tested across five stimulation conditions in a randomised within-subjects design. The conditions examined were sham, 1 mA & 2 mA tDCS, 2mA tRNS and 2 mA tRNS + 1 mA direct current (DC) offset. Stimulation was applied to the left motor cortex. Motor evoked potentials (MEPs) were elicited in the right first dorsal interosseus muscle using single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation before and up to 90 min after stimulation. Peakto- peak amplitude of each MEP was measured using electromyography. Results: In 15 participants, there was no difference between pre- and mean poststimulation MEPs for sham, F(1, 14) = .19, p = .67, or 2 mA tRNS with no DC, F(1, 14) = .04, p = .85. There was an increase in mean MEP amplitudes following 1 mA tDCS, F(1, 14) = 8.17, p = .01, 2 mA tDCS, F(1, 14) = 4.79, p = .046, and 2 mA tRNS + 1 mA DC, F(1, 14) = 7.12, p = .02. Conclusions: Findings suggest that a direct current is more effective than an oscillating current in inducing increases in cortical excitability. These findings may have important implications for clinical trials testing the therapeutic potential of these forms of tES.
The effects of daily RTMs on c-reactive protein in patients with fibromyalgia$$$ Background: While the pathophysiology of fibromyalgia is not fully understood, recent studies suggest that inflammatory cytokines may play a central role in the pathophysiology. It has previously been shown that Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) over the left DLPFC may be an effective treatment for both depression and pain observed in patients with fibromyalgia. The objective of this study was to investigate a possible link between the improvement in fibromyalgia symptoms from active TMS and potential changes in serum levels of C-reactive protein. Methods: Twenty subjects with fibromyalgia were randomized to receive either 4000 pulses at 10 Hz TMS (n = 10), or sham TMS (n = 10) for 10 sessions over 2 weeks. Plasma was drawn at baseline, after the first treatment, and after the tenth treatment. Plasma samples were tested for the level of low sensitivity C-reactive protein (ls-CRP). Results: No significant differences were observed for levels of ls-CRP in real versus sham TMS. Of the 10 subjects who received real TMS treatment, 5 had undetectable serum levels of ls-CRP Of the remaining 5 subjects, 2 showed a decrease and 3 showed an increase. Of the 10 subjects who received sham TMS, 8 had undetectable levels of ls-CRP and 2 had slightly increased levels. Conclusions: These findings suggest that the effects of TMS on the core symptoms of fibromyalgia potentially work through alternative mechanisms, such as modulation of corticolimbic circuits or changes in the endogenous opiate system. If immune function is involved, then other inflammatory markers should be studied.
69th Annual Scientific Convention and Meeting of the Society of Biological Psychiatry, SOBP 2014$$$ The proceedings contain 1225 papers. The topics discussed include: buprenorphine: the science of its development to clinical use; developing a novel glutamatergic anti-depressant: the story of GLYX-13; biophysical foundations of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS): evidence from computer models and animal studies; translational use of tDCS in major depressive disorder: focus on neuroplasticity; tDCS as an add-on therapy: the augmentative role of tDCS for the treatment of depression; cortical vs subcortical D1 dopamine receptor function and D1-glutamate interactions in schizophrenia-related phenotypic effects: mutant mouse models; a proof of concept, randomized clinical trial of DAR-0100A for cognitive deficits in schizophrenia; sex differences in cocaine-induced brain activation in cocaine sensitized rats; allosteric modulators of GPCRs for treatment of CNS disorders: assessing target-engagement; and effects of lisdexamfetamine (Vyvanse®) on reward processing.
Open label treatment with tDCS for Parkinson's and related disorders for improvement of speech, gait and mood$$$ Objective: Evaluate the capacity of bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) to improve speech deficits, mood and motor functioning in patients with Multisystem Atrophy (MSA) and Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: tDCS has demonstrated ability to temporarily enhance cognitive, motor and affective functions of the brain. If prior studies have shown definable improvement in post-stroke patients and in depression, can these benefits translate to neurodegenerative conditions? In a literature review, few tDCS studies have addressed mood and motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease, while no studies to date have addressed speech deficits in MSA or PD. Methods: Two patients participated in this pilot study, one with advanced MSA (pt A) and one with advanced PD (pt B). Both patients had profound speech deficits involving stuttering, freezing, and repetition of words or syllables. Pre-stimluation testing included the following: EEG, UPDRS, Beck's depression screen, MOCA, and a battery of speech tests evaluating spontaneous speech, story repetition, recall, naming and word repetition. Participants were then given tDCS treatments daily for 20 days. These daily treatments involved 2mA current administered in a bifrontal montage for 20 minutes, designed to decrease frontal lobe-directed inhibition. After completion of the 20 days, a post test battery was completed for comparison. Results: Both patients experienced a reduction in the number of stuttering, freezing and syllable or word repetitions. Describing a picture improved by 50%, while spontaneous stories and repeating a story also showed improvements between 16% and 62%. The Beck Depression screen saw a reduction as well: 20% and 37% compared to baseline for pt A and B, respectively. No appreciable change was seen in UPDRS or MOCA testing. Conclusions: With 20 days of tDCS stimulations to the bifrontal regions, we observed an improvement in speech for both the advanced PD and advanced MSA patient, with relative reductions in the frequency of stuttering, freezing and syllable/word repetitions. An improvement was also noted in the depression screening for the two patients. Given the open label pilot nature of this study, these results, while promising, show the need for a randomized control study to determine whether these benefits can accurately be attributed to the tDCS stimulations.
Fibromyalgia syndrome: The efficacy of aerobic exercise$$$ Introduction.- Fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS) is characterized by chronic widespread pain, fatigue, tenderness on palpation and sleep disturbances. The optimal aerobic exercise (AE) type in this condition is not established. Therefore, the aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of different types of AE in FMS. Materials and methods.- Systematic review of the literature on AE in FMS published until October 2013 in MEDLINE, Cochrane Library, EMBASE and Scopus databases. Results.- Twenty-eight randomized controlled trials (RCTs) comparing AE with controls (treatment as usual, placebo, active therapy) and seven RCTs comparing different types of AE were analyzed (2494 patients). AE improved physical fitness (0.65; P < 0.001) and reduced pain (-0.31; P < 0.001), fatigue (-0.22; P = 0.009), depressed mood (-0.32; P = 0.002) and limitations of health-related quality of life (HRQOL) (-0.40; P < 0.001). Positive effects could be maintained at follow-up. Land-based and water-based AE (exercises with slight to moderate intensity; two or three times per week) reduced significantly pain. Discussion.- Aerobic exercise programme (land-based orwater-based exercises, with slight to moderate intensity, two or three times per week, for at least 4 weeks) should be recommended for FMS patients.
Cognitive effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with neurodegenerative diseases - Clinician's perspective$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) represents a promising tool for studying and influencing cognition in people with neurodegenerative diseases. This procedure is noninvasive and painless, and it does not require the use of anesthesia or pharmacological substances. In this systematic critical review we report outcomes from research focused on behavioral cognitive effects induced by rTMS in patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD), Parkinson's disease (PD), and mild cognitive impairment (MCI) preceding AD. There are still major limitations to rTMS use, such as a poor understanding of its after-effects and inter-individual variability in their magnitude, discrepancies in stimulation protocols and study designs, varied selection of the specific stimulated areas and control procedures, and neuropsychological methods for assessment of after-effects; hence, the results of the present research can only be considered preliminary. The future directions are discussed. © 2014 Elsevier B.V.
Different regimens of intravenous sedatives or hypnotics for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in adult patients with depression$$$ Background: Depression is a common mental disorder. It affects millions of people worldwide and is considered by the World Health Organization (WHO) to be one of the leading causes of disability. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a well-established treatment for severe depression. Intravenous anaesthetic medication is used to minimize subjective unpleasantness and adverse side effects of the induced tonic-clonic seizure. The influence of different anaesthetic medications on the successful reduction of depressive symptoms and adverse effects is unclear. Objectives: This review evaluated the effects of different regimens of intravenous sedatives and hypnotics on anti-depression efficacy, recovery and seizure duration in depressed adults undergoing ECT. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (CENTRAL) (2012, Issue 12); MEDLINE via Ovid SP (from 1966 to 31 December 2012); and EMBASE via Ovid SP (from 1966 to 31 December 2012). We handsearched related journals and applied no language restrictions. We reran the search in Feburary 2017. Four potential new studies of interest were added to a list of 'Studies awaiting Classification' and will be incorporated into the formal review findings during the review update. Selection criteria: We included randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and cross-over trials evaluating the effects of different intravenous sedatives and hypnotics for ECT. We excluded studies and trials using placebo or inhalational anaesthetics and studies that used no anaesthetic. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently assessed trial quality and extracted data. When possible, data were pooled and risk ratios (RRs) and mean differences (MDs), each with 95% confidence intervals (CIs), were computed using the Cochrane Review Manager statistical package (RevMan). Main results: We included in the review 18 RCTs (599 participants; published between 1994 and 2012). Most of the included trials were at high risk of bias. We analysed the results of studies comparing six different intravenous anaesthetics. Only a few studies comparing propofol with methohexital (four studies) and with thiopental (three studies) could be pooled. No difference was noted in the reduction of depression scores observed in participants treated with propofol compared with methohexital (low-quality evidence). These four studies were not designed to detect differences in depression scores. The duration of electroencephalograph (EEG) and of motor seizures was shorter in the propofol group compared with the methohexital group (low-quality evidence). No difference was seen in EEG seizure duration when propofol was compared with thiopental (low-quality evidence). Time to recovery (following commands) was longer among participants after anaesthesia with thiopental compared with propofol (low-quality evidence). For the remaining comparisons of anaesthetics, only single studies or insufficient data were available. Adverse events were inadequately reported in eligible trials, and none of the included trials reported anaesthesia-related mortality. Authors' conclusions: Most of the included studies were at high risk of bias, and the quality of evidence was generally low. The studies were not designed to detect clinically relevant differences in depression scores. Anaesthetic agents should be chosen on the basis of adverse effect profile, emergence and how these medications affect seizure duration. If it is difficult to elicit an adequately long seizure, methohexital may be superior to propofol (low-quality evidence). If a patient is slow to recover from anaesthesia, propofol may allow a faster time to follow commands than thiopental (low-quality evidence). A factor of clinical concern that was not addressed by any study was adrenal suppression from etomidate. Optimal dosages of intravenous sedatives or hypnotics have not yet been determined. Larger well-designed randomized studies are needed to determine which intravenous anaesthetic medication leads to the greatest improvement in depression scores with minimal adverse effects.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: An updated systematic review and meta-Analysis$$$ Transcranial direct cranial stimulation (tDCS) is a promising non-pharmacological intervention for treating major depressive disorder (MDD). However, results from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and meta-Analyses are mixed. Our aim was to assess the efficacy of tDCS as a treatment for MDD. We performed a systematic review in Medline and other databases from the first RCT available until January 2014 the main outcome was the Hedges' g for continuous scores; secondary outcomes were the odds ratio (ORs) to achieve response and remission. We used a random-effects model. Seven RCTs (n = 259) were included, most with small sample sizes that assessed tDCS as either a monotherapy or as an add-on therapy. Active vs. sham tDCS was significantly superior for all outcomes (g = 0.37; 95% CI 0.04-0.7; ORs for response and remission were, respectively, 1.63; 95% CI = 1.26-2.12 and 2.50; 95% CI = 1.26-2.49). Risk of publication bias was low. No predictors of response were identified, possibly owing to low statistical power. In summary, active tDCS was statistically superior to sham tDCS for the acute depression treatment, although its role as a clinical intervention is still unclear owing to the mixed findings and heterogeneity of the reviewed studies. Further RCTs with larger sample sizes and assessing tDCS efficacy beyond the acute depressive episode are warranted.
Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and mood in patients with temporel lobe epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our aim is to evaluate whether serial sessions of transcranial direct current stimulation can induce improvements in working memory function, depressive symptoms, and quality of life in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy.BACKGROUND: Memory dysfunction and depression are frequently comorbid with temporal lobe epilepsy. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a safe, non-invasive method of brain neuromodulation. Previous pilot studies employing tDCS have demonstrated a benefit for working memory and depressed mood in both healthy and neurologically impaired subjects.DESIGN/METHODS:This is a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled pilot study with 24 adult patients (ages 18-62) with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy. Anode was placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and cathode over the right supraorbital region. Subjects randomized to the active tDCS arm received 5 sessions of 2 mA of direct current for 20 minutes. We performed several measures of verbal and visuospatial working memory, mood (Beck Depression Inventory BDI, Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy NDDI-E), quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy QOLIE-31), and seizure frequency immediately before and after stimulation, and after 2 and 4 weeks.RESULTS: Subjects randomized to the treatment arm were similar in educational background, verbal IQ scores, seizure frequency, and baseline working memory and mood scores compared to control subjects. We found that active but not sham tDCS significantly improved mood scores measured by the BDI and NDDI-E, but did not improve working memory performance. There was a trend toward benefit in quality of life (QOLIE-31). There was no increase in the frequency of seizures during or after active stimulation.CONCLUSIONS: Active but not sham tDCS significantly improved mood symptoms and did not increase seizure frequency in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of chronic tinnitus: A randomized, double-blind, sham controlled study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To investigate the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of tinnitus.BACKGROUND: Tinnitus is a chronic, often disabling condition for which there is no effective therapy. Current research suggests that tinnitus may develop due to maladaptive plastic changes and altered activity in the auditory cortex and prefrontal cortex. Transcranial direct current stimulation modulates brain activity and has been shown to transiently suppress tinnitus in open trials.DESIGN/METHODS: In a randomized, double-blind, sham controlled study, the efficacy of cathodal tDCS applied to the auditory cortex with anode over the prefrontal cortex was investigated in five sessions over five consecutive days. Assessment of tinnitus after the last session, and 1 and 3 months later included the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (primary outcome measure), Subjective Tinnitus Severity Scale, Hospital Anxiety and Depression scale, Visual Analogue Scale, and Clinical Global Impression scale.RESULTS: 42 patients were investigated, 21 received real tDCS and 21 sham stimulation. There were no beneficial effects of tDCS on tinnitus as assessed by the primary and secondary outcome measures.CONCLUSIONS: Repeated tDCS sessions on the auditory and prefrontal cortex are safe, but do not improve tinnitus. Different tDCS protocols may be beneficial.
Deep transcranial magnet stimulation can improve depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis-a clinical phase IIIA study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To perform a randomized, sham-controlled phase I/IIa trial to study safety and efficacy of deep rTMS on fatigue and depression in patients with MS (NCT01106365).BACKGROUND:Fatigue and depression are frequent symptoms among multiple sclerosis (MS) patients. The underlying pathobiology is poorly understood and therapeutic strategies are limited. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown efficacy in the treatment of major depression. The recently developed H-Coil, allows stimulation of deeper brain regions, possibly involved in the pathophysiology of fatigue and depression. H-coil stimulation is safe and well tolerated in healthy volunteers, and has shown efficacy in patients with major depression.DESIGN/METHODS:28 MS patients (42.9 ± 9.2 years) underwent 18 sessions of deep rTMS over 6 weeks. Nine patients received true stimulation (18Hz, 120% resting motor threshold) of the left prefrontal cortex (PFC), 10 patients bilateral motor cortex (MC) stimulation (5Hz, 90% resting motor threshold) and 10 patients received sham stimulation over the left PFC.Fatigue was assessed by the Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS), the Modified Fatigue Impact Scale (MFIS), the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) and a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Depression was rated with the 18-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMDS) and the Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI).RESULTS:No changes in FSS and BDI were observed under sham- and true PFC stimulation. In contrast, the MC group showed a numerical, non-significant decrease in the FSS during treatment reaching significance in the follow up phase (-26.72% ± 16.3%, p=0.001). MC stimulation also lead to a significant decrease in BDI values two weeks after first stimulation (-25.74%±24.36%, p=0.013), reaching a maximum during follow up (-39.23%±21.57, p=0.001). Results of the other rating scales were in line with FSS- and BDI results.CONCLUSIONS:Our data suggest that deep rTMS of the motor cortex has the potential to ameliorate MS-related fatigue and depression outlasting the time of stimulation.
Deep transcranial magnet stimulation can improve depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis-a clinical phase I/IIA study$$$ OBJECTIVE: To perform a randomized, sham-controlled phase I/IIa trial to study safety and efficacy of deep rTMS on fatigue and depression in patients with MS (NCT01106365).BACKGROUND:Fatigue and depression are frequent symptoms among multiple sclerosis (MS) patients. The underlying pathobiology is poorly understood and therapeutic strategies are limited. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown efficacy in the treatment of major depression. The recently developed H-Coil, allows stimulation of deeper brain regions, possibly involved in the pathophysiology of fatigue and depression. H-coil stimulation is safe and well tolerated in healthy volunteers, and has shown efficacy in patients with major depression.DESIGN/METHODS:28 MS patients (42.9 ± 9.2 years) underwent 18 sessions of deep rTMS over 6 weeks. Nine patients received true stimulation (18Hz, 120% resting motor threshold) of the left prefrontal cortex (PFC), 10 patients bilateral motor cortex (MC) stimulation (5Hz, 90% resting motor threshold) and 10 patients received sham stimulation over the left PFC.Fatigue was assessed by the Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS), the Modified Fatigue Impact Scale (MFIS), the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) and a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Depression was rated with the 18-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMDS) and the Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI).RESULTS:No changes in FSS and BDI were observed under sham- and true PFC stimulation. In contrast, the MC group showed a numerical, non-significant decrease in the FSS during treatment reaching significance in the follow up phase (-26.72% ± 16.3%, p=0.001). MC stimulation also lead to a significant decrease in BDI values two weeks after first stimulation (-25.74%±24.36%, p=0.013), reaching a maximum during follow up (-39.23%±21.57, p=0.001). Results of the other rating scales were in line with FSS- and BDI results.CONCLUSIONS:Our data suggest that deep rTMS of the motor cortex has the potential to ameliorate MS-related fatigue and depression outlasting the time of stimulation.
Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation on working memory and mood in patients with temporal lobe epilepsy$$$ OBJECTIVE: Our aim is to evaluate whether serial sessions of transcranial direct current stimulation can induce improvements in working memory function, depressive symptoms, and quality of life in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy.BACKGROUND: Memory dysfunction and depression are frequently comorbid with temporal lobe epilepsy. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a safe, non-invasive method of brain neuromodulation. Previous pilot studies employing tDCS have demonstrated a benefit for working memory and depressed mood in both healthy and neurologically impaired subjects.DESIGN/METHODS:This is a randomized, double-blinded, sham-controlled pilot study with 24 adult patients (ages 18-62) with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy. Anode was placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and cathode over the right supraorbital region. Subjects randomized to the active tDCS arm received 5 sessions of 2 mA of direct current for 20 minutes. We performed several measures of verbal and visuospatial working memory, mood (Beck Depression Inventory BDI, Neurological Disorders Depression Inventory for Epilepsy NDDI-E), quality of life (Quality of Life in Epilepsy QOLIE-31), and seizure frequency immediately before and after stimulation, and after 2 and 4 weeks.RESULTS: Subjects randomized to the treatment arm were similar in educational background, verbal IQ scores, seizure frequency, and baseline working memory and mood scores compared to control subjects. We found that active but not sham tDCS significantly improved mood scores measured by the BDI and NDDI-E, but did not improve working memory performance. There was a trend toward benefit in quality of life (QOLIE-31). There was no increase in the frequency of seizures during or after active stimulation.CONCLUSIONS: Active but not sham tDCS significantly improved mood symptoms and did not increase seizure frequency in patients with well-controlled temporal lobe epilepsy.
Synergistic effects of noradrenergic modulation with atomoxetine and 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor learning in healthy humans$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is able to induce changes in neuronal activity that outlast stimulation. The underlying mechanisms are not completely understood. They might be analogous to long-term potentiation or depression, as the duration of the effects seems to implicate changes in synaptic plasticity. Norepinephrine (NE) has been shown to play a crucial role in neuronal plasticity in the healthy and injured human brain. Atomoxetine (ATX) and other NE reuptake inhibitors have been shown to increase excitability in different systems and to influence learning processes. Thus, the combination of two facilitative interventions may lead to further increase in excitability and motor learning. But in some cases homeostatic metaplasticity might protect the brain from harmful hyperexcitability. In this study, the combination of 60 mg ATX and 10 Hz rTMS over the primary motor cortex was used to examine changes in cortical excitability and motor learning and to investigate their influence on synaptic plasticity mechanisms.Results: The results of this double-blind placebo-controlled study showed that ATX facilitated corticospinal and intracortical excitability in motor cortex. 10 Hertz rTMS applied during a motor task was able to further increase intracortical excitability only in combination with ATX. In addition, only the combination of 10 Hz rTMS and ATX was capable of enhancing the total number of correct responses and reaction time significantly, indicating an interaction effect between rTMS and ATX without signs of homeostatic metaplasticity.Conclusion: These results suggest that pharmacologically enhanced NE transmission and 10 Hz rTMS exert a synergistic effect on motor cortex excitability and motor learning in healthy humans. © 2014 Sczesny-Kaiser et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Synergistic effects of noradrenergic modulation with atomoxetine and 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor learning in healthy humans$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is able to induce changes in neuronal activity that outlast stimulation. The underlying mechanisms are not completely understood. They might be analogous to long-term potentiation or depression, as the duration of the effects seems to implicate changes in synaptic plasticity. Norepinephrine (NE) has been shown to play a crucial role in neuronal plasticity in the healthy and injured human brain. Atomoxetine (ATX) and other NE reuptake inhibitors have been shown to increase excitability in different systems and to influence learning processes. Thus, the combination of two facilitative interventions may lead to further increase in excitability and motor learning. But in some cases homeostatic metaplasticity might protect the brain from harmful hyperexcitability. In this study, the combination of 60 mg ATX and 10 Hz rTMS over the primary motor cortex was used to examine changes in cortical excitability and motor learning and to investigate their influence on synaptic plasticity mechanisms. Results: The results of this double-blind placebo-controlled study showed that ATX facilitated corticospinal and intracortical excitability in motor cortex. 10 Hertz rTMS applied during a motor task was able to further increase intracortical excitability only in combination with ATX. In addition, only the combination of 10 Hz rTMS and ATX was capable of enhancing the total number of correct responses and reaction time significantly, indicating an interaction effect between rTMS and ATX without signs of homeostatic metaplasticity. Conclusion: These results suggest that pharmacologically enhanced NE transmission and 10 Hz rTMS exert a synergistic effect on motor cortex excitability and motor learning in healthy humans.
Working memory improvement with non-invasive brain stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Recent studies have used non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques, such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), to increase dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) activity and, consequently, working memory (WM) performance. However, such experiments have yielded mixed results, possibly due to small sample sizes and heterogeneity of outcomes. Therefore, our aim was to perform a systematic review and meta-analyses on NIBS studies assessing the n-back task, which is a reliable index for WM. From the first data available to February 2013, we looked for sham-controlled, randomized studies that used NIBS over the DLPFC using the n-back task in PubMed/MEDLINE and other databases. Twelve studies (describing 33 experiments) matched our eligibility criteria. Active vs. sham NIBS was significantly associated with faster response times (RTs), higher percentage of correct responses and lower percentage of error responses. However, meta-regressions showed that tDCS (vs. rTMS) presented only an improvement in RT, and not in accuracy. This could have occurred in part because almost all tDCS studies employed a crossover design, possibly due to the reliable tDCS blinding. Study design was also associated with no improvement in correct responses in the active vs. sham groups. To conclude, rTMS of the DLPFC significantly improved all measures of WM performance whereas tDCS significantly improved RT, but not the percentage of correct and error responses. Mechanistic insights on the role of DLPFC in WM are further discussed, as well as how NIBS techniques could be used in neuropsychiatric samples presenting WM deficits, such as major depression, dementia and schizophrenia. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of transcranial direct current stimulation on treatment-resistant pyschotic symptoms and brain functional-connectivity in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Objective: Even if mechanisms of action remain unclear, non invasive brain stimulation techniques are thought to be usefull to alleviate treatmentresistant auditory hallucinations and negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Our objective was to test whether transcranial Direct current Stimulation (tDCS) applied over the left temporoparietal junction (assumed “inhibitory” - cathode) and the left prefrontal cortex (assumed “excitatory” - anode) can impact clinical symptoms and functional connectivity of targeted regions in patients with schizophrenia presenting treatment-resistant auditory verbal hallucinations. We hypothesized that tDCS alleviates symptoms by modulating functional connectivity of a distributed brain network involving langage-related and self-recognition areas. Method: In a double blind sham-controlled randomized clinical trial, thirty patients with schizophrenia and treatment-resistant auditory verbal hallucinations were randomly allocated to receive either 20 minutes of active 2mA tDCS or sham stimulation twice a day during 5 consecutive working days. The anode was placed over the left prefrontal cortex according to 10/20 EEG international system (PFC - F3FP1) and the cathode over the left temporoparietal junciton (TPJ - T3P3). Seed-based functional connectivity maps were compared before and after stimulation sessions (5 minutes resting state fMRI). Seed were placed in regards of the electrode locations. Analyses were done using Brain Voyager QX on resting state fMRI maps. Results: Clinical impact of tDCS was investigated in the initial sample of 30 patients. tDCS results in an improvement of global symptoms: hallucination (-31%, measured by Auditory Hallucination Rating Scale - AHRS) and general symptomatology (-12% measured by Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale - PANSS) especially negative (-12%), positive (-15%) and depressive (-17%) symptoms. The effect on auditory verbal hallucination had an at least 3 months duration. The impact of tDCS on seed-based functional connectivity was investigated in a subsample of 21 patients (10 new participants). We reported a significant decrease of functional connectivity in fronto-temporal network (language-related brain areas) after active tDCS compared to sham treatment. After active and compared to sham, we reported a decrease of fucntional connectivity between the TPJ and the PFC and the Inferior Frontal Gyrus (including Broca's area) as well as a decreased connectivity between the PFC and the TJP and the Inferior Frontal Gyrus. Conclusion: tDCS seems to be a promising tool to modulate brain networks underlying clinical symptoms in schizophrenia.
Does rTMS help to improve negative symptoms in schizophrenia? results from a randomized controlled trial in the netherlands$$$ Background: Negative symptoms in schizophrenia are very invalidating and an important predictor of clinical outcome. To date, adequate pharmaceutical treatment options have been limited. Techniques such as repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) might be helpful in reducing negative symptoms. Previous studies have, however, reported inconsistent results on the efficacy of rTMS treatment for negative symptoms of schizophrenia. This study aimed to investigate whether 3 weeks of 10 Hz bilateral stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) enhances treatment effects. Methods: In this multicenter trial, 32 schizophrenia patients with moderate tot severe negative symptoms were randomized over either active (n=16) or sham (n=16) 10 Hz rTMS treatment. The bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) was stimulated for 3 weeks (week days only), twice daily for 20 minutes at 90% of the motor threshold. The primary outcome was total score of negative symptoms as measured with the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS) and the negative subscale of the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS). Secondary outcome measures included cognition, insight, quality of life and mood. Subjects were evaluated at baseline, end of treatment, at 4 weeks and at 3 months follow-up. For analysis of the primary outcome measure, a mixed effects linear model was used, with baseline scores and Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores as covariates. Results: SANS scores significantly reduced in the active group compared to the sham group until 3 months after treatment (reduction=15%; p<0.05). Treatment effect on the PANSS negative subscale did not reach significance in the entire group. However, an exploratory analysis of the more severe patients (PANSS negative subscale ≥20; n=15) did reveal a significant treatment effect (reduction=13%; p<0.05). Of all the cognitive measures patients in the active group only improved on the semantic Verbal Fluency Task (p<0.05). Another exploratory analysis on quality of life, excluding patients with very poor insight, found a significant improvement (n=28; p<0.05) on the self-reported overall perception of health in the active group as compared to the sham group. Discussion: Bilateral high frequency rTMS significantly improved negative symptoms as measured with the SANS in the active group up to three months compared with sham treatment. This improvement is a proof-ofprinciple of rTMS treatment for negative symptoms. Future studies should focus on enhancing treatment effects by optimizing treatment parameters in larger patient samples, and combine rTMS treatment with psychosocial interventions.
Is aerobic exercise effective in improving negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia? the results of a meta-analysis$$$ Background: Negative symptoms comprise a great deal of the disease burden in schizophrenia. Till now, no satisfactory pharmacological treatment is found. Research on psychosocial interventions as well as Transcranial Magnetic Resonance (TMS) show moderate effect sizes. Aerobic exercise has positive effects on psychopathology of depression and anxiety disorders. This meta-analysis aims to evaluate the effect of aerobic exercise on negative symptoms in schizophrenia. Methods: The Cochrane Library, Medline, Embase, PsycINFO and CINAHL were searched from their inception. All randomised controlled trials (RCT's) comparing aerobic exercise with any other treatment in patients with schizophrenia were included if negative symptoms were assessed. Studies were screened on methodological quality using the Clinical Trials Assessment Measure (CTAM, range 0-100) (Tarrier and Wykes, 2004). Data extraction consisted of population characteristics, intervention characteristics outcome measures and analysis. A meta-analysis (random effects) was conducted according to the PRISMA guideline. Results: Seven studies were included with in total 376 patients. Six out of seven studies had poor quality (score <65) as measured with the CTAM. Three RCT's compared exercise with treatment as usual (TAU); two studies compared exercise to yoga and TAU; one RCT compared exercise with token reinforcement and TAU; one RCT compared exercise with occupational therapy. All, except for one study, showed a within group reduction in negative symptoms. In three studies this effect was significant compared to TAU. Two studies reported a significant effect of yoga compared to exercise and one study reported a significant effect of token reinforcement compared to exercise. Data of two studies were not available for analysis (not reported nor provided on request). The meta-analysis on five studies showed a non-significant result in favour of exercise compared to any control group (Hedges' g=0.07, 95% CI = -0.571-0.704). There was substantial heterogeneity between the studied interventions. Discussion: This meta-analysis detected no effect of aerobic therapy on negative symptoms. The methodological quality was poor in almost all studies. More RCT's, having negative symptoms as primary outcome and sufficient power, will provide evidence whether aerobic exercise can be successful in reducing negative symptoms.
A randomized double-blinded sham-controlled trial of α electroencephalogram-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Background Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a highly prevalent and devastating psychiatric condition. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a potential and non-invasive treatment for OCD. Diverse efficacies of rTMS have been reported in different locations or frequencies of the stimulation. The main objective of this study was to assess the treatment effect for OCD with alpha electroencephalogram (αEEG)-guided TMS over dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex bilaterally. Methods There were 25 OCD patients in the αTMS treatment group and 21 OCD patients in the sham control group. Each subject received 10 daily treatment sessions (5 days a week). The αTMS group had significant reduction in scores of Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale and Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HAMA) compared with the control group at the end of 2-week treatment and 1-week follow-up. Analysis of variance with repeated measures was used to test the effects between the two groups. Results Significant difference in scores of obsession and HAMA were found between the two groups after treatment. No significant difference in scores of Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression was found between the two groups after the treatment, but statistical significance was shown at the end of 1-week follow-up. Conclusions αEEG-guided TMS may be an effective treatment for OCD and related anxiety. Delayed response to αTMS in depression suggests that it might be secondary to the improvement of primary response in OCD and anxiety.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces cigarette consumption in schizophrenia patients$$$ Introduction: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) seemed to decrease tobacco consumption and craving in nicotine-dependent people without psychiatric disorder or otherwise healthy people. Even if the prevalence of cigarette smoking in schizophrenia patients is high and estimated to be between 45% and 88%, this technique has not been systematically studied in this indication in schizophrenia yet. The aim of the study: The aim of this study was to test the ability of high-frequency (10. Hz) rTMS over the left DLPFC to decrease cigarette consumption in schizophrenia patients. Methods: The study included 35 male schizophrenia patients on stable antipsychotic medication. The patients were divided into two groups: the first (18 patients) were actively stimulated and the second (17 patients) underwent sham (placebo) stimulation. The sham rTMS was administered using a purpose-built sham coil that was identical in appearance to the real coil and made the same noise but did not deliver a substantial stimulus. The rTMS was administered at the stimulation parameters: location (left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: DLPFC), intensity of magnetic stimulation in % of motor threshold (110%), stimulation frequency (10. Hz), number of trains (20), single train duration (10. s), inter-train interval (30. s), and total number of stimulation sessions (21). In each stimulation session, 2000. TMS. pulses were given, with a total of 42,000. pulses per treatment course. Patients noted the number of cigarettes smoked in the 7. days before treatment, during the whole stimulation treatment (21. days), and again for a 7-day period after treatment. Results: Cigarette consumption was statistically significantly lower in the actively stimulated patients than in the sham rTMS group as early as the first week of stimulation. No statistically relevant correlations were found in the changes of ongoing negative or depressive schizophrenia symptoms and the number of cigarettes smoked. Conclusion: High-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC has the ability to decrease the number of cigarettes smoked in schizophrenia patients.© 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for fatigue in multiple sclerosis$$$ BACKGROUND: The debilitating fatigue that patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) commonly experience during day-to-day living activities responds poorly to current therapeutic options. Direct currents (DC) delivered through the scalp (transcranial DC stimulation or tDCS) at weak intensities induce changes in motor cortical excitability that persist for almost an hour after current offset and depend on current polarity. tDCS successfully modulates cortical excitability in various clinical disorders but no information is available for MS related fatigue. OBJECTIVE: In this study we aimed to assess fatigue symptom after five consecutive sessions of anodal tDCS applied over the motor cortex in patients with MS. METHODS: We enrolled 25 patients with MS all of whom experienced fatigue. We delivered anodal and sham tDCS in random order in two separate experimental sessions at least 1 month apart. The stimulating current was delivered for 15 minutes once a day for 5 consecutive days. In each session the Fatigue Impact Scale (FIS) and the Back Depression Inventory (BDI) were administered before the treatment (baseline), immediately after treatment on day five (T1), one week (T2) and three weeks (T3) after the last tDCS session. RESULTS: All patients tolerated tDCS well without adverse events. The fatigue score significantly decreased after anodal tDCS in 65% of the patients (responders). After patients received tDCS for 5 days their FIS scores improved by about 30% and the tDCS-induced benefits persisted at T2 and T3. CONCLUSION: Our preliminary findings suggest that anodal tDCS applied over the motor cortex, could improve fatigue in most patients with MS. © 2014-IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of high frequency [10 Hz] repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the primary motor cortex in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome: A randomized, double blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation [rTMS] of the cerebral cortex has been tested as a treatment tool for various neurological and psychiatric diseases and other painful disorders. Our objectives were to determine whether high-frequency rTMS applied to the primary motor cortex could decrease pain intensity and influence the quality of life in patients with fibromyalgia syndrome [FMS]. Design: Fifty two patients with FMS were randomized to real [n = 27] or sham [n = 25] treatment groups. Ten consecutive sessions of rTMS were given to each of the patients. All patients were evaluated with the Structured Clinical Interview from the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders before treatment. The level of pain and the mood status were assessed with a visual analog scale and the Montgomery Asberg Rating Scale, respectively. The Turkish version of the World Health Quality of Life-BREF instrument was used to evaluate the quality of life. Results: The decrease of pain scale scores was found to be significantly greater among the real rTMS group than among those in the sham group [p < 0.001]. Also the life quality physical subscale score improvement was significantly greater among those in the real rTMS therapy group than among those in the sham treatment group [p < 0.001]. A strong relationship was found betweeen the decrease of pain levels in the real rTMS treated patients and the life quality physical subscale score improvement [R2= 0.419 and p < 0.001]. Conclusions: These findings suggest that high-frequency rTMS application to the primary motor cortex could have an analgesic effect. Therefore, rTMS may be an alternative therapeutic option in FMS. © 2014 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
Biological markers in noninvasive brain stimulation trials in major depressive disorder: A systematic review$$$ OBJECTIVES: The therapeutic effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with major depression have shown promising results; however, there is a lack of mechanistic studies using biological markers (BMs) as an outcome. Therefore, our aim was to review noninvasive brain stimulation trials in depression using BMs. METHODS: The following databases were used for our systematic review: MEDLINE, Web of Science, Cochrane, and SCIELO. We examined articles published before November 2012 that used TMS and transcranial direct current stimulation as an intervention for depression and had BM as an outcome measure. The search was limited to human studies written in English. RESULTS: Of 1234 potential articles, 52 articles were included. Only studies using TMS were found. Biological markers included immune and endocrine serum markers, neuroimaging techniques, and electrophysiological outcomes. In 12 articles (21.4%), end point BM measurements were not significantly associated with clinical outcomes. All studies reached significant results in the main clinical rating scales. Biological marker outcomes were used as predictors of response, to understand mechanisms of TMS, and as a surrogate of safety. CONCLUSIONS: Functional magnetic resonance imaging, single-photon emission computed tomography, positron emission tomography, magnetic resonance spectroscopy, cortical excitability, and brain-derived neurotrophic factor consistently showed positive results. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor was the best predictor of patients' likeliness to respond. These initial results are promising; however, all studies investigating BMs are small, used heterogeneous samples, and did not take into account confounders such as age, sex, or family history. Based on our findings, we recommend further studies to validate BMs in noninvasive brain stimulation trials in MDD. Copyright © 2014 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Neuromodulation for treatment of severe and resistant psychiatric disorders, state of the art$$$ Despite modern psychopharmacology combined with validated forms of psychotherapy, there are a substantial number of patients who cannot be helped to recover from their debilitating neuropsychiatric conditions. The advance of knowledge about the brain and its normal and disordered function in the last century led first to a careful scientific examination of efficacy parameters and mode of action of Brain Stimulation Therapies such as Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), repetitive Transcranial Stimulation (rTMS), Magnetic Seizure Therapy (MST), Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) and Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS). The introduction of neuromodulation approaches, especially Deep Brain Stimulation, for treatment-resistant disorders might very well lead to the most significant development in clinical psychiatry of the last forty years - possibly offering a rise of hope for patients to whom medicine had hitherto little to offer. Furthermore, translational research on neuromodulation will allow us to glean something about the underlying cause of patient's illnesses before figuring out a treatment that addresses the source of the problem. Major depression offers perhaps the best example of the rapid progress being made in understanding the biology of mental illness. Studies on the underlying neurobiology of major depression have typically focused on the description of biological differences between patients and healthy subjects such as alterations of monoaminergic or endocrine systems. Psychotropic drugs work by altering neurochemistry to a large extent in widespread regions of the brain, many of which may be unrelated to depression. We believe that more focused, targeted treatment approaches that modulate specific networks in the brain will prove a more effective approach to help treatment-resistant patients. In other words, whereas existing depression treatments approach this disease as a general brain dysfunction, a more complete and appropriate treatment will arise from thinking of depression as a dysfunction of specific brain networks that mediate mood and reward signals. A better understanding of defined dysfunctions in these networks will invariably lead to a better understanding of patients afflicted with depression and perhaps contribute to a destigmatization of psychiatric patients and the medical specialty treating them. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation is a non-invasive method of brain stimulation, which is being evaluated for the treatment of major depression for the last decade [1]. Only recently clinically useful parameters seem to have been established. A novel form of this treatment, Magnetic Seizure Treatment (MST), in which stimulation parameters are reached that can reliably and reproducibly induce therapeutic seizures in the same setting as the one used for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been developed. Results of a recent randomized, within-subject, doublemasked trial comparing ECT and MST in 10 patients indicate that MST appears to have less subjective and objective side effects, is associated with faster recovery of orientation and is superior to ECT on measures of attention, retrograde amnesia and category fluency. Although ECT has an unparalleled and well-documented efficacy in severe depression it is associated with cognitive side effects. MST is currently under study in several centers with respect to its antidepressant efficacy; while its more benign side-effect profile has been established already. We will review in this paper the putative possibility of using rTMS and other brain stimulation methodologies to learn more on the basic neurobiology of depression - beyond its possible treatment effects. DBS to different target structures has yielded interesting results in treatment-resistant depression. In an elegant model the rostral cingulate cortex has been implicated to play a dominant role in regulating a corticolimbic network. It is hypothesized that DBS to the cingulate cortex would lead to antidepressant effects by modulating the depression network through a reduction of Cg25 activity. Another target is the Anterior limb of the capsula interna (ALIC). Observations from lesion studies and antidepressant effects that were seen in OCD patients who were stimulated in the anterior limb of the interior capsule/ the ventral striatum, led to a study in which this structure was stimulated in treatment-resistant depression. Yet another promising approach is the neuromodulation of targets in the reward system [Nucleus accumbens septi (NAcc) and the medial forebrain bundle (MFB)]. Predictions about anticipated future rewarding events are encoded in dopamine concentrations in the ventral striatum. The amount of dopamine itself encodes the distance from the reward. The reward system itself is obviously more concerned with the reward anticipation than with the consummatory phase of reward. Recent data suggest dysfunctions of structures implicated in the human reward system in mood disorders, particularly in the ventral tegmental area, the nucleus accumbens (NAcc) and the pathways associated with them (MFB). These facts render these structures as promising targets for neuromodulatory interventions with putative antianhedonic and motivational effects. Response rates reported are similar for Cg25, ALIC and NAcc. Twenty patients stimulated at Cg25 had a response rate of 55% after one year, 45% after two years, 60% after three years and 55% response at the last follow-up visit (up to six years) in an intent-to-treat analysis. Seventeen patients were studied targeting the anterior limb of the internal capsule (ALIC). Response rates were 53% after 12 months (n = 17) and 71% at last follow-up (ranging from 14 to 67 months. Eleven patients were stimulated at the NAcc, 50% responded significantly during the first six months and remained stable during follow-up (up to four years), in an intent-to-treat analysis. In addition, NAcc- DBS specifically influenced the symptoms of anhedonia and anxiety [2]. A recent pilot study on DBS to the superolateral branch of the medial forebrain bundle (slMFB) yielded interesting results: All patients showed strikingly similar intraoperative effects of increased appetitive motivation. Six of seven patients attained the response criterion; response was rapid - mean Montgomery- Asberg Depression Rating Scale of the whole sample was reduced by >50% at day 7 after stimulation onset [3]. At last observation (12-33 weeks), six patients were responders; among them, four were classified as remitters. In the whole group, social functioning (Global Assessment of Functioning) improved from serious to mild impairment. Mean stimulation current was 2.86 mA.
Comparison between high and low frequency repetitive TMS in the acute treatment of drug-resistant major depression$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimualtion (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique allowing an electrical stimulation of specific cortical areas, in particular the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), by means of magnetic fields generated by a handheld coil [1]. With respect to the pathophysiology of major depression, prefrontal cortex is known to be involved, with a hypofunction of the left lobe caused by excessive inhibition exerted by the overactive right lobe [2]. For this reason, low frequency (1 Hz) placed on the right DLPFC seems to exert neural inhibition, whereas high frequency rTMS (>1 Hz) on the left DLPFC induces neural enhancement. In 2008 rTMS has been approved by the FDA as augmentative treatment for major depression and, specifically, for 'adult patients who have failed to achieve satisfactory improvement from one prior antidepressant medication at or above the minimal effective dose and duration in the current episode'. There is a general consensus on rTMS antidepressant effects for major depression, whereas the debate still goes around its safety and efficacy in bipolar disorder. The aim of the present study was, therefore, to assess the efficacy and tolerability of augmentative rTMS in drug-resistant unipolar or bipolar depression. Methods: Twenty-seven patients, either inpatients or outpatients, with treatment resistant depression (HAM-D ≥18), with a diagnosis of unipolar (38%) or bipolar (I 23%, II 39%) depression, were randomized to an openlabel rTMS treatment for 4 weeks with 20 sessions as a whole. Patients were required to maintain a stable pharmacological treatment for at least four weeks before the beginning of the study and to maintain it for the whole duration of the stimulation. According to stimulation parameters foreseen by recent guidelines [3], patients were randomized to the following types of stimulation: DLPFC right, 1 Hz, 110% of the motor threshold (MT), 420 stimuli/day; DLPFC right, 1 Hz, 110% MT, 900 stimuli/day; DLPFC left, 10 Hz, 80% MT, 750 stimuli/day. Results: Three subjects were not included in the statistical analysis because of treatment discontinuation before the end of the 2nd week. Twenty-three patients completed the treatment, showing a significant reduction of the HAM-D, MADRS, HAM-A and CGI-S scores (t = 7.63, p<0.005; t = 7.80, p<0.005; t = 7.25, p<0.005; t = 4.18, p<0.005). Response, considered as a reduction of 50% of the score to the HAM-D compared to baseline, was achieved in three patients, two of whom considered 'remitter' (HAM-D 8). A partial response (reduction of the final score of the HAM-D between 25-50%) was achieved in 10 patients. No significant differences in terms of efficacy and tolerability were found between high vs low frequency. Side-effects were reported by 17% of the sample and were only mild and transient, being represented by headache, local pain and insomnia. One patient discontinued the stimulation because of hypomanic switch. Conclusions: rTMS appeared to be effective and well tolerated for the acute treatment of resistant depressive episode in an initial sample of 27 patients, with both high and low-frequency stimulation found to be equally effective.Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimualtion (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique allowing an electrical stimulation of specific cortical areas, in particular the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), by means of magnetic fields generated by a handheld coil [1]. With respect to the pathophysiology of major depression, prefrontal cortex is known to be involved, with a hypofunction of the left lobe caused by excessive inhibition exerted by the overactive right lobe [2]. For this reason, low frequency (1 Hz) placed on the right DLPFC seems to exert neural inhibition, whereas high frequency rTMS (>1 Hz) on the left DLPFC induces neural enhancement. In 2008 rTMS has been approved by the FDA as augmentative treatment for major depression and, specifically, for 'adult patients who have failed to achieve satisfactory improvement from one prior antidepressant medication at or above the minimal effective dose and duration in the current episode'. There is a general consensus on rTMS antidepressant effects for major depression, whereas the debate still goes around its safety and efficacy in bipolar disorder. The aim of the present study was, therefore, to assess the efficacy and tolerability of augmentative rTMS in drug-resistant unipolar or bipolar depression. Methods: Twenty-seven patients, either inpatients or outpatients, with treatment resistant depression (HAM-D ≥18), with a diagnosis of unipolar (38%) or bipolar (I 23%, II 39%) depression, were randomized to an openlabel rTMS treatment for 4 weeks with 20 sessions as a whole. Patients were required to maintain a stable pharmacological treatment for at least four weeks before the beginning of the study and to maintain it for the whole duration of the stimulation. According to stimulation parameters foreseen by recent guidelines [3], patients were randomized to the following types of stimulation: DLPFC right, 1 Hz, 110% of the motor threshold (MT), 420 stimuli/day; DLPFC right, 1 Hz, 110% MT, 900 stimuli/day; DLPFC left, 10 Hz, 80% MT, 750 stimuli/day. Results: Three subjects were not included in the statistical analysis because of treatment discontinuation before the end of the 2nd week. Twenty-three patients completed the treatment, showing a significant reduction of the HAM-D, MADRS, HAM-A and CGI-S scores (t = 7.63, p<0.005; t = 7.80, p<0.005; t = 7.25, p<0.005; t = 4.18, p<0.005). Response, considered as a reduction of 50% of the score to the HAM-D compared to baseline, was achieved in three patients, two of whom considered 'remitter' (HAM-D 8). A partial response (reduction of the final score of the HAM-D between 25-50%) was achieved in 10 patients. No significant differences in terms of efficacy and tolerability were found between high vs low frequency. Side-effects were reported by 17% of the sample and were only mild and transient, being represented by headache, local pain and insomnia. One patient discontinued the stimulation because of hypomanic switch. Conclusions: rTMS appeared to be effective and well tolerated for the acute treatment of resistant depressive episode in an initial sample of 27 patients, with both high and low-frequency stimulation found to be equally effective.
The effect of prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on attention network function in healthy humans$$$ Rationale: Neuropsychological models suggest that deficits in prefrontal attention control mechanisms are involved in the aetiology and maintenance of maladaptive ruminative thinking and dysfunctional worry in mood and anxiety disorders [1]. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation modality, which alters cortical tissue excitability through applying a weak direct electrical current via scalp electrodes overlying targeted cortical areas. tDCS may represent an effective treatment option for patients with mood and anxiety disorders, as the prefrontal cortex can be stimulated to make the attention control mechanisms more effective. There is also existing evidence of tDCS having a positive effect in depression, which raises hope to tDCS also being effective in anxiety, as anxiety and depression ate highly co-morbid and are both characterised by cognitive biases. The effect of 20 minutes of 2mA prefrontal tDCS on the efficiency of three attentional networks was examined in this study in healthy humans: alerting (maintaining an alert state), orienting (the selection of information from sensory input) and executive control (resolving cognitive conflict). It was hypothesised that tDCS would have an impact on the attentional network in healthy humans, which would allow to test the efficacy of the network in anxious individuals as the next step. Method: 30 healthy volunteers were screened for physical and mental wellbeing and randomized to receive either 2mA active tDCS (anode over left PFC, cathode over right PFC; n = 15; 10 females, 5 males; mean age = 20.8 years) or sham (control) tDCS (n = 15; 11 females, 4 males; mean age = 21.5 years). Active and control groups did not differ on standardized questionnaire measures of trait anxiety or attention control, nor baseline measures of state anxiety, alertness, heart-rate or blood pressure. Scalp electrodes were placed bilaterally over prefrontal sites. Participants sat still during the 20-minute double-blind stimulation period. Post-stimulation measures of mood and autonomic arousal were taken before participants completed a modified attention network test (ANT) - a cued reaction time flanker task in which participants make a speeded response to a central arrow target that is flanked by distracter stimuli and cued by either a temporalonset (alerting) or spatial location (orienting) stimulus. Results: Executive attention control was significantly greater following active compared to sham prefrontal tDCS (p<0.05). Groups did not differ in alerting and orienting network function nor in post-stimulation levels of anxiety, mood and autonomic arousal. Thus the effect of active tDCS on executive control was selective and occurred independently of current mood. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that 20 minutes of active tDCS over prefrontal cortex is associated with greater executive control in healthy humans. Prefrontal stimulation had a selective effect on executive attention control, and supports evidence from magnetic stimulation and brain imaging studies [2] to implicate prefrontal cortex in attention control. Results suggest that prefrontal tDCS might usefully target deficits in executive attention control that characterize mood and anxiety disorders and could be a useful tool in a clinical population.
Maternal 3 month outcomes after planned cesarean (CS) vs planned vaginal birth (VB) for twin pregnancies: The twin birth study (TBS)$$$ INTRODUCTION: The TBS randomized 1398 women to planned CS and 1406 women to VB and reported no differences in adverse maternal or perinatal outcomes between groups. This is the first randomised controlled trial of CS to report outcomes for postpartum women who have given birth to twins. METHODS: Women randomised to the TBS were invited to participate in a 3-month follow-up questionnaire. Main outcomes included breastfeeding, partner relationships, pain and standardized measures of urinary, fecal and flatal incontinence; depression, fatigue and quality of life. RESULTS: 1285 in each group completed questionnaires; a 92% response rate. Women were similar at baseline. 90.5% in the CS group and 42.7% in the VB group gave birth by CS for one or both infants. We found no significant differences between groups in any outcome measure. Nearly one quarter of study participants had scores on the Edinburgh Postpartum Depression Scale >10 indicating possible depression and ≥14.0% in both groups scored >12 (likely depression). 4.4% (CS) and 3.9%(VB) reported thoughts of harming oneself sometimes or quite often. CONCLUSIONS: For women with twin pregnancies >32 weeks, outcomes at 3 months postpartum do not differ between planned CS and VB. Since depression scores were observed to be higher than for singleton births further study is warranted. (Table Presented).
Repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation relieves pain in fibromyalgia patients: An electrophysiological approach to evaluate pain$$$ Fibromyalgia (FM) is characterized by chronic, diffuse musculoskeletal pain and fatigue with muscle stiffness, anxiety and depression, disturbed sleep, irritable bowel syndrome, restless leg syndrome, memory and concentration problems. Altered pain perception due to abnormal pain modulation system and central sensitization has been reported in FM. The aim of this study was to investigate the role of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in pain associated symptoms and its effects on pain modulation system in female FM patients. The patients were randomized into TMS and sham groups. TMS patients received TMS (0.5 Hz, 80% of motor threshold) at right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in 8 trains of 5 min at 5 min interval/5 days/week for four weeks, sham group received sham TMS with same modality. The RIII reflex and diffuse noxious inhibitory controls were recorded at basal, immediately and two weeks after exposure. For sucrose challenge test, blood samples were collected in luteal phase before and after 4 weeks exposure, each time 8 blood samples were collected, first two samples at interval of 10 min then at interval of 5 min after 25% sucrose ingestion for six times, LH levels were analyzed. The results showed that exposure to TMS in FM patients (n=76) may cause improvement in pain and associated symptoms. Sucrose challenge test was abnormal in fibromyalgia patients. The RIII threshold and latency were significantly lower than healthy controls (n=46) which increased after TMS exposure showing beneficial effects of TMS but not after sham exposure.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment studies in depression and anxiety disorders$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive form of brain stimulation in which electrical current is converted into magnetic pulses. Magnetic pulses from a coil, pass through the skull painlessly and relatively unimpeded, thereby inducing electrical currents in underlying cortical tissue. This results in cortical neuronal depolarization, especially in neurons perpendicular to the coil and consequent transsynaptic changes in prefrontal and limbic areas. Many therapeutic trials involve the use of high frequency rms (>1 Hz) applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. This is thought to increase cortical excitability in this brain region. Conversely, low frequency stimulation (1 Hz) is thought to decrease cortical activity. For example, this has normalized seizure thresholds in some instances. In general, rTMS is safe and well tolerated by most patients. In the United States, industry sponsored and NIMH-sponsored studies have demonstrated superiority of rTMS over placebo in patients with early stage treatment resistant depression. Dr. Jeong-Ho Chae will review recent research efforts in Korea focused on the therapeutic application of rTMS in depression and anxiety disorders. For example, one recent investigation examined 18 subjects with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) enrolled in a double-blind, sham-controlled study of low frequency rTMS applied to the right prefrontal cortex. The primary outcome measure was the Clinician-Administered PTSD scale (CAPS). The active rTMS treatment group had statistically significant improvements in reexperiencing and total scores. Despite a small sample size and long observation period these results are encouraging. Treatment with rTMS may address core symptoms of PTSD. This is noteworthy as PTSD is a significant comorbidity in bipolar disorder which increases illness burden and functional impairment. These initial efforts will also serve as a framework for a broader discussion of how future studies and clinical practice might apply this modality to acute and maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation as a neurophysiologic and therapeutic tool in bipolar disorders$$$ This presentation will review prior transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) neurophysiology and therapeutic studies of bipolar disorder. Ongoing work focused on TMS and cognition will also be reviewed as this line of research holds promise for addressing neurocognitive deficits in bipolar disorder. Recent open-label adjunctive studies of novel H1-Coil TMS devices for bipolar depression are promising. These devices confer advantages over standard TMS coils as they induce magnetic fields with a deeper and larger distribution. Small randomized studies of add-on, high frequency rTMS delivered to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex have also demonstrated benefit in mania. Results from these small studies should be interpreted cautiously but further study is warranted for this debilitating psychiatric disease. This technology may also play a role in the study of neurophysiology of bipolar disorder. Prior neuroanatomic work suggests that patients with bipolar disorder have impaired cortical inhibition. One prior study of motor evoked potential paradigms demonstrated that compared to healthy controls, bipolar disorder subjects have deficits in short interval intracortical inhibition, cortical silent period, and interhemispheric inhibition. This implies that these subjects have deficits in GABA mediated neurotransmission and suggests that these neurophysiologic measures could serve as biomarkers for subjects with bipolar disorders. Finally, a productive area of research focuses on addressing cognition with rTMS. Stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with rTMS may enhance cognition in tasks such as picture naming, object naming, reasoning speed, and reaction tasks. Interleaving TMS with EEG (TMS-EEG) facilitates the measurement of temporal and spatial activations in the brain. As a result, neurophysiologic processes and cognitive function can be examined and in conjunction with rTMS. One example is long interval cortical inhibition, a measure of GABAB receptor mediated neurotransmission which is also associated with performance on working memory tasks in healthy subjects. Future studies could target neurocognitive impairments in bipolar disorder across the lifespan.
Delusional depression in late-life: Treatment effects on mood, psychosis, cognition and the brain$$$ Psychotic major depression is a severe, disabling, and life-threatening psychiatric disorder that is particularly prevalent among older persons treated in hospital settings. Consensus guidelines recommend acute treatment with either electroconvulsive therapy or pharmacotherapy that combines an antidepressant with an antipsychotic medication. Most of the treatment trials upon which consensus guidelines are based derive from studies conducted in mixed age or young adult samples. Also, little is known about the efficacy or tolerability of continued pharmacotherapy to sustain remission in either young or older adults. We will present data from the two Studies of the Pharmacotherapy of Psychotic Depression (STOP PD I and II), funded by the National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH), to assess the efficacy and tolerability of combination treatment using the atypical antipsychotic medication (olanzapine) combined with an antidepressant (sertraline) as acute and maintenance treatments. The studies are unique in comparing large samples of young (<age 60) to older adults to determine how age affects treatment response. We will (1) review the design of the STOP PD studies; (2) describe and compare the acute treatment responses of 142 older (age 71.7 ± 7.8) STOP PD I subjects treated with combination pharmacotherapy therapy under double-blind conditions to the first 50 elderly subjects recruited in STOP PD II who received acute combination pharmacotherapy under open conditions; (3) describe cognitive functioning during late-life psychotic depression, including methods applied in STOP PD II to exclude patients with dementia, and review the reciprocal interaction of cognition and treatment response; and (4) present the rationale and early data for a supplemental NIMH study that investigates structural brain changes in remitted older patients with psychotic depression over 36-weeks of continued double blind treatment.
Moving psychosocial interventions to populations with challenging problems$$$ Although the geriatric mental health field has developed a number of effective psychosocial interventions, most of these target patients with relatively straightforward conditions. In order to optimize the effectiveness and reach of psychosocial interventions, clinicians must be prepared to tackle hard cases. The presentations in this symposium will address difficult cases and issues: patients recovering from severe depression treated with ECT, patients with hoarding disorder, homebound older adults with significant medical comorbidity, and victims of elder abuse. Dr. Kiosses will discuss a novel post-ECT psychosocial intervention aimed to reduce residual depression symptoms and disability in older and middle-aged adults with partial or full remission. REBUILD targets residual symptoms of depression by promoting medication adherence; helping the patient reconnect with family and friends after a long debilitating depression; increasing pleasurable and rewarding activities; identifying early signs of relapse and arranging quick consultation with the psychiatrist; and reducing the stigma of severe depression and ECT. Dr. Kiosses will present the design of the intervention and discuss preliminary pilot data. Dr. Ayers will discuss a recent investigation utilizing a newly developed approach combining cognitive rehabilitation and exposure therapy (Cognitive Rehabilitation and Exposure/Sorting Therapy; CREST) for hoarding in older adults. Dr. Ayers will present the design of the intervention and discuss preliminary results from a randomized controlled trial comparing CREST to standard case management for geriatric HD. Dr. Wetherell will address results of surveys of the mental health providers and Home-Based Primary Care (HBPC) Program Directors regarding the range and impact of mental health services in HBPC and describe the challenges and opportunities of providing interdisciplinary, collaborative mental health care in the home. The U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) Home- Based Primary Care (HBPC) program provides comprehensive, longitudinal primary care in the homes of Veterans with complex, chronic, disabling diseases. Dr. Sirey will discuss a program, whose goal is to implement an evidence-based mental health approach embedded in an elder abuse service. The program is designed to detect and to improve mental health and promote the resolution of the mistreatment. This is critical because of the lack of elder abuse service that systematically assesses and provides services to address the mental health needs of older adult abuse victims. Integration of a skill-based mental health intervention into elder abuse services can uniquely improve mental health and promote abuse resolution for older adults in crisis.
Differential effect of three electrode placements in older vs younger patients with severe depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is widely considered to be the most effective treatment for severe depression. Technical refinements aim to improve efficacy and minimize cognitive effects. Electrode placement is an important factor that may affect outcomes. Traditionally ECT has been performed with one of 3 electrode placements: bilateral (bitemporal) (BT), right unilateral (RUL) and bifrontal (BF). The choice of electrode placement in clinical practice is largely determined by clinical experience and clinician preference. We recently reported on a multicenter, NIMH-funded, randomized trial comparing these three electrode placements. Our data showed that each electrode placement is a very effective antidepressant treatment with similar cognitive effects. More specifically, remission rates were 64 % for BT, 61% for BF and 55% for RUL. Bilateral placement resulted in more rapid symptom reduction and therefore was recommended for urgent clinical situations. There are no data supporting the preferential use of a particular placement in older vs younger populations. In this report we examine the efficacy of the 3 electrode placements on depressed patients older and younger than 60 years of age. Methods: In a multicenter, NIMH-supported clinical trial, 230 patients were randomized to receive RUL, BF, or BT ECT. Patients were diagnosed with a major depressive episode (unipolar or bipolar) by SCID-IV and had an entry 24 -item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-24) ≥ 21 (mean=35). A neuropsychological test battery was administered at five specified time points. Patients and raters were blinded to electrode placement. Stimulus dose titration at the first ECT was followed by dosing at 1.5 x Seizure Threshold (ST) for BF and BT, and 6X ST for RUL. Remission was defined as 2 consecutive HAMD-24 <10. Dropouts and those who did not complete the protocol where considered non-remitters. We analyzed the data looking at differences between patients 60 years of age and older, and younger patients. Results: Bitemporal ECT was similarly effective in both age groups. With BT, remission rates were 75% for patients aged 60 years and above and 58.3% for younger patients. With BF, remission rates were 50% for patients aged 60 years and above and 64.4% for younger patients. With RUL there was a statistically significant difference in the proportion of remitters in the groups, with 70.4% of the older group responding and 46% of the younger group (p= 0.040) . In a direct comparison between BF and RUL, there was a trend suggesting superiority of BF in the younger group (64.4% vs 46%, p = 0.054) and RUL in the older group (50% vs 70.4%, p=0.1455). Conclusions: Our data suggests that right unilateral ECT at 6 times ST is more effective in patients 60 and older, compared to younger patients. At the same time, although not statistically significant, bifrontal ECT at 1.5 times ST is more effective in patients younger than 60 years old compared to older patients.
Influence of Breastfeeding in Postpartum Depression. Diff erences by residence (Urban/Rural)$$$ Background: Nonpsychotic Postpartum depression (NPD) is underdiagnosed. Its prevalence is 11%. The impact on mother and baby are clear. It is believed that breastfeeding (BF) may play a protective role. Research Question: To analyse the eff ect of BF in NPD. NPD is defined as score > 12 points in Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS). EPDS administered at 6 weeks postpartum in women followed for subsequent pregnancy and puerperium in 5 GP practices. In addition, to describe the prevalence of NPD and BF in rural and urban areas. Method: Design: A prospective, longitudinal, multicentre, cohort study with 3-month follow-up. Scope: 5 AP CS (2 rural, 3 urban). Subjects: Women attending midwife consulting in primary care. N = 83 (20 rural, 63 urban). Consecutive randomized. Variable: Dependent: NPD: EPDS score ≥ 12. Independent: BD defined exclusive breastfeeding or mixed feeding, age, number of children, type of delivery. Results: Women 83, mean age 30.59 years. First child 10.8%, 60.2% second, 22.9% third, 1.2% fourth, 4.8% twin. Type of delivery 48% vaginal delivery, 15% instrumental, 19% caesarean section, BF 72.3%, EPDS plus 3.3%, no BF and EPDS LM positive, 26.1%. BF and 8.3% positive EPDS. RR = 3.13% (95% CI, 1.058 to 9.265). EDPS positive and BF similar in urban and rural areas. No statistical diff erence. Conclusion: BF acts as a protective factor against the NPD defined with a EPDS ≥ 12 points. The sample was taken in rural and urban areas (not enough to determine diff erences between them). Most were second pregnancies and normal deliveries. Postpartum depression prevalence is 13.3% similar to that in the literature. It requires a larger sample cohort to control spurious associations.
Enhanced caregiver training protocol for hospital discharge$$$ Background: Living with cancer generates distress for both patients and their caregivers. The days and weeks following a hospital discharge are particularly the most stressful times for caregivers. This study examined the effects of an enhanced caregiver training (ECT) discharge protocol that teaches informal caregivers knowledge and skills for managing patient symptoms, and also provides strategies for managing their own psychological distress. Methods: The study was a two-armed, randomized controlled trial that compared the effects of ECT to a comparison education (CE) on caregiver self-efficacy for caregiving, preparedness in caregiving, and psychological well-being (depression, anxiety, burden). Data were collected from caregivers at baseline, and at 2 and 4 weeks after hospital discharge. Caregiver self-efficacy and preparedness were also measured immediately after the training. Results: The mean ages of caregivers and patients were 55 and 57 respectively (N = 138 dyads). Caregivers randomized to ECT had a greater increase in self-efficacy (6.1, 95% CI: 3.0-9.3, p<0.001), certainty to cope with own stress (4.8, 95% CI: 0.5-9.1, p=0.03), and preparation for caregiving (0.2, 95% CI: 0.1-0.4, p=0.01) at the post-training assessment as compared to the CE group. These differences were not sustained at the two-week and four-week post-discharge follow up assessments. Caregivers' depressive symptoms and anxiety improved from the baseline to two-week follow-up. However, there was no evidence of intervention group differences in these improvements (all p > 0.05). There was little change over time in caregiver burden for either the enhanced training or attention control intervention groups. Conclusions: Although ECT increased self-efficacy and preparedness among caregivers, its effect was not sustained long-term after hospital discharge. Additional dose of intervention maybe needed after discharge as caregiving needs may have changed. Psychological well-being of caregivers is difficult to intervene upon because of its potentially multifactorial in nature.
Health-related quality of life and device-acceptance in patients with implantable cardioverter-defibrillators and telemonitoring$$$ Introduction: Telemonitoring systems (TMS) for implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICD) seem to be a promising tool to optimize patient care. Depressive symptoms are common among patients with ICDs and the health related quality of life (HRQoL) may be affected by the underlying heart disease and the implanted device, respectively. TMS promise to improve QoL and device-acceptance due to a closer monitoring and, thereby, an increased level of perceived safety. Objectives: This study prospectively investigated the influence of ICD home monitoring on the levels of depression, HRQoL and device acceptance over a period of 6 months after ICD-implantation. Methods: In this controlled single-center trial, 180 patients (80.4 % male; age, 64.9 ±14.8; 82 % with coronary artery disease, 11 % with dilated cardiomyopathy) were randomized at day of implantation to either intervention (n=91) or control group (n=89). Patients in the intervention group were equipped with a telemonitoring system capable of transmitting device-related data to our hospital. In the control group, only conventional in-clinic followup was performed. Patients were asked to fill out three questionnaires (the generic EQ-5D, the depression-specific Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale (HADS) and the device-specific Florida Patient Acceptance Survey (FPAS)) at baseline; the follow-up (FU) period was 6 months, with postal surveys on a monthly basis. Results: Nine patients dropped out before survey completion at month six for different reasons (e.g. draw back consent or death). Of the remaining 171 patients, 146 patients filled out at least three sets of questionnaires and were included in the further analyses. After 6 months, the mean improvement in the health related quality of life (EQ-5D-Index) in the telemonitoring group was 11.3 points compared to baseline values (p=.004) while the mean change in HRQoL in the control group did not reach statistical significance with 3.2 points. FPAS and HADS-D showed a trend but non-significant advantage for the telemonitoring group concerning device-acceptance and level of depression, respectively. Conclusions: Our preliminary results suggest that telemonitoring systems have the ability to improve the health-related quality of life of ICD patients. The results indicate effects on the level of depression, anxiety and device acceptance. The effect of TMS seems to increase over time, longer FU periods are warranted to validate these results.
D2 agonist administration restores altered cortical plasticity in Alzheimer's disease patients$$$ In animal models of AD, amyloid-βeta fragments interfere with mechanisms of cortical plasticity such as long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD). Accordingly, recent evidence showed that in AD patients LTP-like cortical plasticity is impaired, while LTD seems to be preserved. Despite its major role in synaptic plasticity mechanisms, the involvement of dopamine in controlling cortical plasticity mechanisms in AD is still debated. A crucial role for dopaminergic networks in cognitive and motor processes has been well established but largely unexplored in AD. Here we aimed at investigating whether administration of a D2 agonist could modulate cortical plasticity in AD patients, as measured by standard theta burst stimulation (TBS) protocols applied over the primary motor cortex. Three groups of mild AD patients were tested before and after four weeks of treatment with rotigotine, rivastigmine or placebo. Each patient was evaluated for plasticity induction of LTP/LTD-like effects using respectively intermittent TBS (iTBS) or continuous TBS (cTBS). Central cholinergic activity was also evaluated by means of the short latency afferent inhibition (SLAI) protocol. Neuropsychological evaluations were performed to assess memory, executive functions and visuo-spatial abilities. At baseline AD patients showed the previously described pattern of impaired LTP-like cortical plasticity as assessed by iTBS. After four weeks of D2 agonist administration we observed a remarkable change in the iTBS protocol effects, revealing that LTP-like plasticity was strikingly enhanced. No effects were seen in rivastigmine and in placebo group. LTD-like cortical plasticity wasn't modulated in any condition. Cholinergic activity was slightly increased by both rotigotine and rivastigmine groups. Neuropsychological testing showed improvement in MMSE and in executive functions. Our findings highlight a role for dopamine in AD patophisiology suggesting that a D2-like receptors dysfunction is involved in mechanisms of altered cortical plasticity and providing novel implications for new therapies based on dopaminergic stimulation.
Rapid antidepressant effects of repeated doses of ketamine compared with electroconvulsive therapy in hospitalized patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Accumulating evidence suggests that N-methyl d-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antagonists (e.g. ketamine) may exert rapid antidepressant effects in MDD patients. In the present study, we evaluated the rapid antidepressant effects of ketamine compared with the electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in hospitalized patients with MDD. In this blind, randomized study, 18 patients with DSM-IV MDD were divided into two groups which received either three intravenous infusions of ketamine hydrochloride (0.5. mg/kg over 45. min) or ECT on 3 test days (every 48. h). The primary outcome measure was the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), which was used to rate overall depressive symptoms at baseline, 24. h after each treatment, 72. h and one week after the last (third) ketamine or ECT. Within 24. h, depressive symptoms significantly improved in subjects receiving the first dose of ketamine compared with ECT group. Compared to baseline level, this improvement remained significant throughout the study. Depressive symptoms after the second dose ketamine was also lower than the second ECT. This study showed that ketamine is as effective as ECT in improving depressive symptoms in MDD patients and have more rapid antidepressant effects compared with the ECT. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
A randomized comparison of ketamine versus methohexital anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ To assess the clinical utility of ketamine as an anesthetic agent for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), based upon recent findings that ketamine may have antidepressant properties. Depressed ECT patients were randomly assigned to receive anesthesia with either ketamine or methohexital. Outcome measures included assessments of depressive severity, cognition, post-anesthesia side effects, and hemodynamics. Twenty one patients were treated with ketamine and 17 with methohexital. There were no significant differences in depression or cognitive outcomes between the two drugs. Additionally, there were no measures of post-anesthesia tolerability or hemodynamics which favored ketamine. Ketamine anesthesia does not accelerate the antidepressant effect of ECT or diminish the cognitive side effects, at least as measured in this study. Furthermore, there is no apparent benefit of ketamine for speed or quality of post-ECT recovery, and it is associated with higher systolic blood pressures after the treatments. Ketamine is associated with longer motor seizure duration than methohexital. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Effects of celecoxib on inflammatory markers in bipolar patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy: A placebo-controlled, double-blind, randomised study$$$ PRINCIPAL: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a treatment option for patients with bipolar disorder (BD). Alterations of markers have been reported following ECT. Aim: the aim of the present study was to assess the effect of adjunctive celecoxib on the serum cytokines of patient with BD who were undergoing ECT. METHODS: This study was a randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial in 48 patients who were diagnosed with BD and ordered to undergo six or more ECT sessions. Patients were randomly assigned to receive either placebo or celecoxib (200 mg twice daily) starting a day before the first ECT and continuing throughout the end of the sixth ECT. Blood levels of interleukin-1β (IL-1β), interleukin-6 (IL-6), tumour necrosis factor-α (TNF-α) and high-sensitivity C-reactive protein (hsCRP) were measured before the first ECT and repeated after the first, the third and the sixth ECT sessions. Data were analysed by using SPSS version 13. RESULTS: Twenty-five patients (mean ± standard deviation age of 33.64 ± 9.97 years) were assigned to the celecoxib group and 23 patients (mean age of 32.61 ± 9.82 years) to the placebo group. This study found that the level of TNF-α was significantly lower (p = 0.04, t = 2.14, degrees of freedom 46) in patients receiving celecoxib compared with those on placebo at the last session of ECT. However, the other factors studied did not show any significant changes throughout the trial. CONCLUSIONS: Celecoxib was concluded to reduce TNF-α levels significantly in the patients at the end of the study. However, the differences in IL-1β, IL-6 and hsCRP between the two groups were not significant. Trial registration number: IRCT201201247202N2.
A computational modelling study of transcranial direct current stimulation montages used in depression$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a neuromodulatory technique which involves passing a mild electric current to the brain through electrodes placed on the scalp. Several clinical studies suggest that tDCS may have clinically meaningful efficacy in the treatment of depression. The objective of this study was to simulate and compare the effects of several tDCS montages either used in clinical trials or proposed, for the treatment of depression, in different high-resolution anatomically-accurate head models. Detailed segmented finite element head models of two subjects were presented, and a total of eleven tDCS electrode montages were simulated. Sensitivity analysis on the effects of changing the size of the anode, rotating both electrodes and displacing the anode was also conducted on selected montages. The F3-F8 and F3-F4 montages have been used in clinical trials reporting significant antidepressant effects and both result in relatively high electric fields in dorsolateral prefrontal cortices. Other montages using a fronto-extracephalic or fronto-occipital approach result in greater stimulation of central structures (e.g. anterior cingulate cortex) which may be advantageous in treating depression, but their efficacy has yet to be tested in randomised controlled trials. Results from sensitivity analysis suggest that electrode position and size may be adjusted slightly to accommodate other priorities, such as skin discomfort and damage. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
A review of ketamine in affective disorders: Current evidence of clinical efficacy, limitations of use and pre-clinical evidence on proposed mechanisms of action$$$ Introduction Recent research has seen low-dose ketamine emerge as a novel, rapid-acting antidepressant. Ketamine, an N-methy-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist, leads to effects on the glutamatergic system and abnormalities in this neurotransmittor system are present in depression. This article aims to (1) review the clinical literature on low-dose ketamine as a rapid-acting antidepressant in affective disorders, (2) provide a critical overview of the limitations of ketamine and research attempts to overcome these (3) discuss the proposed mechanisms of action of ketamine and (4) point towards future research directions. Method The electronic database Pubmed, Web of Science and sciencedirect were searched using the keywords: ketamine, N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist, rapid-acting antidepressant, depression, treatment-resistant depression, bipolar depression, suicidal ideation, electroconvulsive therapy, mechanism of action. Result The literature demonstrates evidence supporting a rapid-acting antidepressant effect of low-dose intravenous ketamine in major depressive disorder, in bipolar depression and in depression with suicidal ideation. There are mixed results as to whether ketamine leads to a reduction in time to remission in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Efforts to unravel ketamine′s therapeutic mechanism of action have implicated the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR)-dependent synapse formation in the rat prefrontal cortex, eukaryotic elongation factor 2 phosphorylation (p-eEF2) and glycogen synthase kinase (GSK-3). Ketamine′s limiting factors are the transient nature of its antidepressant effect and concerns regarding abuse, and research efforts to overcome these are reviewed. Conclusion Current and future research studies are using ketamine as a promising tool to evaluate the glutamatergic neurotransmittor system to learn more about the pathophysiology of depression and develop more specific rapid-acting antidepressant treatments. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Treatment of major depression with bilateral theta burst stimulation: A randomized controlled pilot trial$$$ Background Current efforts to improve clinical effectiveness and utility of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of major depression (MD) include theta burst stimulation (TBS), a patterned form of rTMS. Here, we investigated the efficacy of bilateral TBS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) in patients with MD in additon to ongoing medication and psychotherapy. Methods In this randomized-controlled trial, thirty-two patients with MD were treated for six weeks (thirty sessions) with either successively intermittent, activity enhancing TBS (iTBS) to the left and continuous, inhibiting TBS (cTBS) to the right dlPFC or with bilateral sham stimulation. Primary outcome measure was the proportion of treatment response defined as a Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS)≤50% compared to baseline. Secondary outcomes comprised response and remission rates of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results A larger number of responders were found in the cTBS (n=9) compared to the sham-stimulation (n=4) group (odds ratio: 3.86; Wald χ2=3.9, p=0.048). On secondary endpoint analysis, patient-reported outcome as assessed by the BDI, pointed towards a higher rate of remitters in the cTBS (n=6) than in the sham (n=1) group (odds ratio: 9; Wald χ2=3.5, p=0.061). Limitations With regard to the pilot character of the study and the small sample size, the results have to be considered as preliminary. Conclusions These findings provide first evidence that six weeks treatment of MDD with iTBS to the left and cTBS to the right dlPFC for six weeks is safe, feasible and superior to sham stimulation applied add-on to pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatment. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Solving the orientation specific constraints in transcranial magnetic stimulation by rotating fields$$$ Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is a promising technology for both neurology and psychiatry. Positive treatment outcome has been reported, for instance in double blind, multi-center studies on depression. Nonetheless, the application of TMS towards studying and treating brain disorders is still limited by inter-subject variability and lack of model systems accessible to TMS. The latter are required to obtain a deeper understanding of the biophysical foundations of TMS so that the stimulus protocol can be optimized for maximal brain response, while inter-subject variability hinders precise and reliable delivery of stimuli across subjects. Recent studies showed that both of these limitations are in part due to the angular sensitivity of TMS. Thus, a technique that would eradicate the need for precise angular orientation of the coil would improve both the inter-subject reliability of TMS and its effectiveness in model systems. We show here how rotation of the stimulating field relieves the angular sensitivity of TMS and provides improvements in both issues. Field rotation is attained by superposing the fields of two coils positioned orthogonal to each other and operated with a relative phase shift in time. Rotating field TMS (rfTMS) efficiently stimulates both cultured hippocampal networks and rat motor cortex, two neuronal systems that are notoriously difficult to excite magnetically. This opens the possibility of pharmacological and invasive TMS experiments in these model systems. Application of rfTMS to human subjects overcomes the orientation dependence of standard TMS. Thus, rfTMS yields optimal targeting of brain regions where correct orientation cannot be determined (e.g., via motor feedback) and will enable stimulation in brain regions where a preferred axonal orientation does not exist. © 2014 Rotem et al.
Augmentation of response and remission to serial intravenous subanesthetic ketamine in treatment resistant depression$$$ Background Ketamine has been showing high efficacy and rapid antidepressant effect. However, studies of ketamine infusion wash subjects out from prior antidepressants, which may be impractical in routine practice. In this study, we determined antidepressant response and remission to six consecutive ketamine infusions while maintaining stable doses of antidepressant regimen. We also examined the trajectory of response and remission, and the time to relapse among responders. Methods TRD subjects had at least 2-month period of stable dose of antidepressants. Subjects completed six IV infusions of 0.5 mg/kg ketamine over 40 min on a Monday-Wednesday-Friday schedule during a 12-day period participants meeting response criteria were monitored for relapse for 4 weeks. Results Fourteen subjects were enrolled. Out of twelve subjects who completed all six infusions, eleven (91.6%) achieved response criterion while eight (66.6%) remitted. After the first infusion, only three and one out of twelve subjects responded and remitted, respectively. Four achieved response and six remitted after 3 or more infusions. Five out of eleven subjects remain in response status throughout the 4 weeks of follow-up. The mean time for six subjects who relapsed was 16 days. Limitations Small sample and lack of a placebo group limits the interpretation of efficacy. Conclusions Safety and efficacy of repeated ketamine infusions were attained without medication-free state in patients with TRD. Repeated infusions achieved superior antidepressant outcomes as compared to a single infusion with different trajectories of response and remission. Future studies are needed to elucidate neural circuits involved in treatment response to ketamine. © 2013 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Sevoflurane/remifentanil versus propofol/remifentanil for electroconvulsive therapy: Comparison of seizure duration and haemodynamic responses$$$ Objective: To compare the anaesthetic and convulsive effects of sevoflurane/remifentanil versus propofol/remifentanil combination in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: In this prospective, randomized double-blind study, patients diagnosed with treatment-resistant depression were included for ECT. Prior to treatment, 1 μg/kg remifentanil was intravenously administered to all patients, followed by anaesthetic induction with either 0.5 mg/kg propofol or 8% sevoflurane. Following muscular paralysis with succinylcholine and hypnosis, bitemporal ECT was applied. Vital signs, depth of sedation, recovery parameters, motor and electroencephalography (EEG) convulsion activity and postictal suppression index scores were recorded. Results: A total of 120 sessions of ECT were administered to 12 patients. Heart rate was higher in the sevoflurane group than the propofol group. Compared with the sevoflurane group, bispectral index level was lower in the propofol group during the induction period and higher during the recovery period. Anaesthetic induction and recovery times were lower, and average motor and EEG convulsion activity was longer, in the propofol group than in the sevoflurane group. Conclusion: Propofol/remifentanil is more successful compared with sevoflurane/remifentanil in anaesthesia management during ECT since it provides quick induction and recovery, longer seizure activity and stable haemodynamics. © The Author(s) 2014.
Current electroconvulsive therapy practice and research in the geriatric population$$$ SUMMARY Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is utilized worldwide for various severe and treatment-resistant psychiatric disorders. Research studies have shown that ECT is the most effective and rapid treatment available for elderly patients with depression, bipolar disorder and psychosis. For patients who suffer from intractable catatonia and neuroleptic malignant syndrome, ECT can be life saving. For elderly patients who cannot tolerate or respond poorly to medications and who are at a high risk for drug-induced toxicity or toxic drug interactions, ECT is the safest treatment option. Organic causes are frequently associated with late-life onset of neuropsychiatric conditions, such as parkinsonism, dementia and stroke. ECT has proven to be efficacious even when these conditions are present. During the next decade, research studies should focus on the use of ECT as a synergistic therapy, to enhance other biological and psychological treatments, and prevent symptom relapse and recurrence. © 2014 Future Medicine Ltd.
Pharmacological, experimental therapeutic, and transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments for compulsivity and impulsivity$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) has been recently drawn apart from anxiety disorder by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th edition (DSM-5) and clustered together with related disorders (eg, hoarding, hair pulling disorder, skin picking), which with it seems to share clinical and neurophysiological similarities. Recent literature has mainly explored brain circuitries (eg, orbitofrontal cortex, striatum), molecular pathways, and genes (eg, Hoxb8, Slitrk5, Sapap3) that represent the new target of the treatments; they also lead the development of new probes and compounds. In the therapeutic field, monotherapy with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) is recommendable, but combination or augmentation with a dopaminergic or glutamatergic agent is often adopted. A promising therapy for OCD is represented by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), which is suitable to treat compulsivity and impulsivity depending on the protocol of stimulation and the brain circuitries targeted. Copyright © Cambridge University Press 2013Â.
Comparison of blinding effectiveness between sham tDCS and placebo sertraline in a 6-week major depression randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective: To compare blinding integrity and associated factors for transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) vs. placebo-pill, the gold standard blinding method. Methods: Parallel trial. Depressed participants were randomized to verum/placebo sertraline and active/sham tDCS (2. mA, 30-min 10-daily sessions and two additional, fortnight sessions) over 6. weeks. Blinding was assessed in completers (n=102) and in a random subgroup (n=35) of raters and participants, in which we also inquired to qualitatively describe their strongest guessing reason. Results: Participants and raters presented similar performance for predicting treatment assignment at endpoint, correctly guessing tDCS and sertraline beyond chance. Nevertheless, clinical response was associated with correct prediction and tDCS non-responders failed to predict the allocation group. For tDCS, ". trouble concentrating" was inversely associated with correct prediction. ". Skin redness" was more reported for active-tDCS, but did not predict the allocation group. The qualitative reasons for raters' guessing were not associated with correct prediction, whereas for participants clinical response and adverse effects were directly and inversely associated with correct prediction, respectively. Conclusion: Blinding integrity of tDCS and sertraline were comparable and mainly associated with efficacy rather than blinding failure. Significance: TDCS blinding can be improved by adopting parallel designs and avoiding subjects' awareness of skin redness. © 2013 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology.
Iv ketamine efficacy in the outpatient clinic for treatment-resistant mood disorders$$$ 46 patients were referred for treatment of resistant mood disorders. All had tried medication, ECT and/or rtMS without success. They were infused with IV ketamine, over an average of 20 hours (8-96hrs), with oximetry monitoring. Hamilton A and D rating prior to and after treatment with ketamine were used to rate efficacy. 42 of 46 (91%) improved in depression and anxiety scores. Average duration of improvement was 10.3+/-3.3 days with significant reduction in Ham A&D scores (26 +/- 3.4 to 11.7+/-4.1, and 29.8+/- 3.9 to 13.7+/-2.9. p<. 01, twotailed). We conclude that IV ketamine is a rapid and effective treatment for treatment-resistant mood disorders and should be utilized and also studied in a double-blind fashion.
Iv Ketamine Efficacy in the Outpatient Clinic for Treatment-Resistant Mood Disorders$$$ 46 patients were referred for treatment of resistant mood disorders. All had tried medication, ECT and/or rtMS without success. They were infused with IV ketamine, over an average of 20 hours (8–96hrs), with oximetry monitoring. Hamilton A and D rating prior to and after treatment with ketamine were used to rate efficacy. 42 of 46 (91%) improved in depression and anxiety scores. Average duration of improvement was 10.3 +/_ 3.3 days with significant reduction in Ham A & D scores (26 +/_ 3.4 to 11.7 +/_ 4.1, and 29.8 +/_ 3.9 to 13.7 +/_ 2.9. p<. 01, two-tailed). We conclude that IV ketamine is a rapid and effective treatment for treatment-resistant mood disorders and should be utilized and also studied in a double-blind fashion.
Electroconvulsive therapy-induced brain plasticity determines therapeutic outcome in mood disorders$$$ There remains much scientific, clinical, and ethical controversy concerning the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for psychiatric disorders stemming from a lack of information and knowledge about how such treatment might work, given its nonspecific and spatially unfocused nature. The mode of action of ECT has even been ascribed to a "barbaric" form of placebo effect. Here we show differential, highly specific, spatially distributed effects of ECT on regional brain structure in two populations: patients with unipolar or bipolar disorder. Unipolar and bipolar disorders respond differentially to ECT and the associated local brain-volume changes, which occur in areas previously associated with these diseases, correlate with symptom severity and the therapeutic effect. Our unique evidence shows that electrophysical therapeutic effects, although applied generally, take on regional significance through interactions with brain pathophysiology.
A pilot study of the use of EEG-based synchronized Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (sTMS) for treatment of Major Depression$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for Major Depressive Disorder (MDD), and is based upon delivery of focal high-energy pulses of electromagnetic stimulation. We postulated that delivery of rTMS at the subject's individual alpha frequency (synchronized TMS, or sTMS) would achieve efficacy with lower energy of stimulation. We developed a device that rotates neodymium cylindrical magnets at three locations along the midline above the subject's scalp to impart low-energy, sinusoidal-waveform magnetic brain stimulation over a broad area, and performed this efficacy study.Method: Fifty-two subjects with MDD were enrolled in a randomized, sham controlled, double-blind treatment study (Trial Registration: NCT01683019). Forty-six subjects were included in the final analysis. Most subjects received concurrent antidepressant medications that remained unchanged during the study. Subjects were randomized to three treatment groups: 1) active sTMS with a fixed frequency at the subject's alpha frequency; 2) active sTMS with a random stimulus frequency that varied between 8 Hz and 13 Hz; and, 3) sham sTMS. 20 half-hour sTMS sessions were administered 5 days per week for 4 weeks.Results: Subjects with either fixed or random frequency active sTMS had statistically significantly greater percentage reduction in depression severity compared to sham (48.5% vs. 19.3%, respectively; p = 0.001). No significant difference was found between fixed and random groups (p = 0.30). No significant side effects were reported. Conclusions: These results suggest that sTMS may be an effective treatment for MDD. © 2014 Jin and Phillips; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Therapeutic effects of non-invasive brain stimulation with direct currents (tDCS) in neuropsychiatric diseases$$$ Neuroplasticity, which is the dynamic structural and functional reorganization of central nervous system connectivity due to environmental and internal demands, is recognized as a major physiological basis for adaption of cognition, and behavior, and thus of utmost importance for normal brain function. Pathological alterations of plasticity are increasingly explored as pathophysiological foundation of diverse neurological and psychiatric diseases. Non-invasive brain stimulation techniques (NIBS), such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), are able to induce and modulate neuroplasticity in humans. Therefore, they have potential to alter pathological plasticity on the one hand, and foster physiological plasticity on the other, in neuropsychiatric diseases to reduce symptoms, and enhance rehabilitation. tDCS is an emerging NIBS tool, which induces glutamatergic plasticity via application of relatively weak currents through the scalp in humans. In the last years its efficacy to treat neuropsychiatric diseases has been explored increasingly. In this review, we will give an overview of pathological alterations of plasticity in neuropsychiatric diseases, gather clinical studies involving tDCS to ameliorate symptoms, and discuss future directions of application, with an emphasis on optimizing stimulation effects. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
A review of peripheral biomarkers in major depression: The potential of inflammatory and oxidative stress biomarkers$$$ Biomarkers are regularly used in medicine to provide objective indicators of normal biological processes, pathogenic processes or pharmacological responses to therapeutic interventions, and have proved invaluable in expanding our understanding and treatment of medical diseases. In the field of psychiatry, assessment and treatment has, however, primarily relied on patient interviews and questionnaires for diagnostic and treatment purposes. Biomarkers in psychiatry present a promising addition to advance the diagnosis, treatment and prevention of psychiatric diseases. This review provides a summary on the potential of peripheral biomarkers in major depression with a specific emphasis on those related to inflammatory/immune and oxidative stress/antioxidant defences. The complexities associated with biomarker assessment are reviewed specifically around their collection, analysis and interpretation. Focus is placed on the potential of peripheral biomarkers to aid diagnosis, predict treatment response, enhance treatment-matching, and prevent the onset or relapse of major depression.© 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Differential improvement in depressive symptoms for tDCS alone and combined with pharmacotherapy: An exploratory analysis from the Sertraline Vs. Electrical Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Study$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising therapy for major depression treatment, although little is known of its effects in ameliorating distinct symptoms of depression. Thus, it is important, not only to increase knowledge of its antidepressant mechanisms, but also to guide its potential use in clinical practice. Using data from a recent factorial, double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial applying tDCS-alone and combined with sertraline to treat 120 depressed outpatients over 6 wk (Brunoni et al., 2013), we investigated the pattern of improvement in symptoms of depression from the Montgomery-Asberg depression scale (MADRS). First, we performed one multivariate analysis of variance with the score improvement of the 10 MADRS items as dependent variables. Significant (p < 0.05) results were further explored with follow-up analyses of variance. TDCS (alone and combined with sertraline) improved concentration difficulties and pessimistic and suicidal thoughts. The combined treatment also improved apparent and reported sadness, lassitude and inability to feel. Indeed, tDCS/sertraline significantly ameliorated all but the 'vegetative' depression symptoms (inner tension, sleep and appetite items). We further discuss whether bifrontal tDCS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex could be associated with improvement in cognitive (concentration) and affective (pessimistic/suicidal thoughts) processing, while the combined treatment might have a more widespread antidepressant effect by simultaneously acting on different depression pathways. We also identified patterns of antidepressant improvement for tDCS that might aid in tailoring specific interventions for different subtypes of depressed patients, e.g. particularly those with suicidal ideation. © 2013 CINP.
Glutamate receptor antagonists as fast-acting therapeutic alternatives for the treatment of depression: Ketamine and other compounds$$$ The N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist ketamine has rapid and potent antidepressant effects in treatment-resistant major depressive disorder and bipolar depression. These effects are in direct contrast to the more modest effects seen after weeks of treatment with classic monoaminergic antidepressants. Numerous open-label and case studies similarly validate ketamine's antidepressant properties. These clinical findings have been reverse-translated into preclinical models in an effort to elucidate ketamine's antidepressant mechanism of action, and three important targets have been identified: mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR), eukaryotic elongation factor 2 (eEF2), and glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK-3). Current clinical and preclinical research is focused on (a) prolonging/maintaining ketamine's antidepressant effects, (b) developing more selective NMDA receptor antagonists free of ketamine's adverse effects, and (c) identifying predictor, mediator/moderator, and treatment response biomarkers of ketamine's antidepressant effects. © 2014 by Annual Reviews.
Sublingual buprenorphine for acute renal colic pain management: A double-blind, randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety of sublingual buprenorphine with intravenous morphine sulfate for acute renal colic in the emergency department. Methods: In this double-dummy, randomized controlled trial, we enrolled patients aged 18 to 55 years who had a clinical diagnosis of acute renal colic. Patients received either 2 mg sublingual buprenorphine with an IV placebo, or 0.1 mg/kg IV morphine sulfate with a sublingual placebo. Subjects graded their pain with a standard 11-point numeric rating scale (NRS) before medication administration and 20 and 40 minutes after that. The need for rescue analgesia and occurrence of side effects were also recorded in the two groups. Results: Of 69 patients analyzed, 37 had received buprenorphine, and 32 had taken morphine. Baseline characteristics were similar in both groups. NRS pain scores were reduced across time by administration of both buprenorphine (from 9.8 to 5.22 and then 2.30) and morphine (from 9.78 to 4.25 and then 1.8), significantly (P <0.0001). The two regimens did not differ significantly for pain reduction (P?=?0.260). Dizziness was more frequently reported by the buprenorphine group (62.1% versus 37.5%, P <0.05) but other adverse effects observed within 40 minutes were similar in the two groups. Conclusions: Sublingual buprenorphine (2 mg) is as effective as morphine sulfate (0.1 mg/kg) in acute renal colic pain management. © 2014 Payandemehr et al.; licensee Springer.
A systematic review and meta-analysis of trials of treatment of depression from India$$$ Background: Antidepressants hold the center stage in the treatment of depression in current clinical practice. However, it is also well-known that the treatment response and dosage requirement are influenced by ethnic variations. Although many efficacy studies have evaluated the efficacy of antidepressants, there is lack of systematic reviews and meta-analysis of the existing literature from India. Objective: To systematically review the efficacy of treatment of depression in the Indian context. Materials and Methods: We searched PubMed, Psychinfo, Medknow and Google scholar to identify studies published in peer-reviewed English language journals. All controlled trials from India evaluating the clinical efficacy of antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for management of depression were evaluated. Data were extracted using standard procedures and risk of bias was evaluated. Effect sizes were computed for the individual studies. Results: Effect sizes were computed from 35 clinical trials. Overall, medications were superior to placebo for treatment of depression (mean effect size (ES) of 0.87, confidence intervals (CI of 0.71-1.02). The effect was greatest for tricyclic antidepressants (ES of 1.00, CI of 0.80-1.21) followed by monoamine oxidase inhibitors (ES 0.54, CI of 0.40-0.67). ECT was superior to antidepressants (ES 0.32, CI of - 0.21 to 0.86) and active rTMS was found to be superior to sham rTMS with mean effect size of 0.74 (CI 0.39-1.08). Risk of bias was found to be considerable. However, the review literature suggests that most of the studies have not been powered adequately and have been limited to small sample sizes. Conclusions: Although there is some data from India with respect to efficacy of antidepressants, most of the trials have been of shorter duration have been inadequately powered. The available data support the superiority of antidepressants over placebo and that of ECT over antidepressants.
Ketamine as Antidepressant? Current State and Future Perspectives$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a serious mental disorder that ranks among the major causes of disease burden. Standard medical treatment targeting cerebral monoamines often provides only insufficient symptom relief and fails in approximately every fifth patient. The complexity of MDD therefore, reflects more than monoaminergic dysregulation. Initial research argues the case for excessive glutamate levels, suggesting that antiglutamatergic drugs might be useful in treating MDD. Ketamine is a non-selective, high-affinity N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor (NMDAR) antagonist most commonly used in pediatric and animal surgery. In the past, ketamine has gained popularity because of its ability to rapidly elevate mood, even in treatment-resistant and bipolar depression. However, there are still many obstacles before widespread clinical approval of ketamine treatment could become reality. In this review, ketamine's powerful antidepressant effects are discussed and further research necessary for therapeutic application is outlined. NMDAR antagonists provide an entirely new way of treating the manifold appearances of depression that should not be left unused. © 2014 Bentham Science Publishers.
Is life better after motor cortex stimulation for pain control? results at long-term and their prediction by preoperative rTMS$$$ Background: A positive effect of motor cortex stimulation (MCS) (defined as subjective estimations of pain relief ≥ 30%) has been reported in 55 - 64% of patients. Repetitive magnetic cortical stimulation (rTMS) is considered a predictor of MCS effect. These figures are, however, mostly based on subjective reports of pain intensity, and have not been confirmed in the long-term. Objectives: This study assessed long-term pain relief (2 - 9 years) after epidural motor cortex stimulation and its pre-operative prediction by rTMS, using both intensity and Quality of Life (QoL) scales. Study Design: Analysis of the long-term evolution of pain patients treated by epidural motor cortex stimulation, and predictive value of preoperative response to rTMS. Setting: University Neurological Hospital Pain Center. Methods: Patients: Twenty patients suffering chronic pharmaco-resistant neuropathic pain. Intervention: All patients received first randomized sham vs. active 20Hz-rTMS, before being submitted to MCS surgery. Measurement: Postoperative pain relief was evaluated at 6 months and then up to 9 years post-MCS (average 6.1 ± 2.6 y) using (i) pain numerical rating scores (NRS); (ii) a combined assessment (CPA) including NRS, drug intake, and subjective quality of life; and (iii) a short questionnaire (HowRu) exploring discomfort, distress, disability, and dependence. Results: Pain scores were significantly reduced by active (but not sham) rTMS and by subsequent MCS. Ten out of 20 patients kept a long-term benefit from MCS, both on raw pain scores and on CPA. The CPA results were strictly comparable when obtained by the surgeon or by a third-party on telephonic survey (r = 0.9). CPA scores following rTMS and long-term MCS were significantly associated (Fisher P = 0.02), with 90% positive predictive value and 67% negative predictive value of preoperative rTMS over long-term MCS results. On the HowRu questionnaire, long-term MCSrelated improvement concerned "discomfort" (physical pain) and "dependence" (autonomy for daily activities), whereas "disability" (work, home, and leisure activities) and "distress" (anxiety, stress, depression) did not significantly improve. Limitations: Limited cohort of patients with inhomogeneous pain etiology. Subjectivity of the reported items by the patient after a variable and long delay after surgery. Predictive evaluation based on a single rTMS session compared to chronic MCS. Conclusions: Half of the patients still retain a significant benefit after 2 - 9 years of continuous MCS, and this can be reasonably predicted by preoperative rTMS. Adding drug intake and QoL estimates to raw pain scores allows a more realistic assessment of long-term benefits and enhance the rTMS predictive value. The aims of this study and its design were approved by the local ethics committee (University Hospitals St Etienne and Lyon, France).
Selected reports from the 8th european pain congress$$$ Pain in Europe VIII; The European Federation of IASP (International Association for the Study of Pain) Chapters (EFIC) held its 8th EFIC Congress in Florence, Italy, on October 9 to 12, 2013. Over 4000 clinicians and basic scientists attended the interdisciplinary congress. This report summarizes a range of selected presentations from the Congress. It is adapted from the authors' abstracts of their work. © 2014 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Concurrent cognitive control training augments the antidepressant efficacy of tDCS: A pilot study$$$ Background Major depressive disorder (MDD) is frequently associated with underactivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) which has led to this brain region being identified as an important target for the development of neurobiological treatments. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) administered to the DLPFC has antidepressant efficacy, however the magnitude of antidepressant outcomes are limited. Concurrent cognitive activity has been shown to enhance tDCS induced stimulation effects. Cognitive control training (CCT) is a new cognitive therapy for MDD that aims to enhance DLPFC activity via behavioral methods. Hypothesis We tested the hypothesis that co-administration of DLPFC tDCS and CCT would result in a greater reduction in depressive symptomology than administration of tDCS or CCT alone. Methods 27 adult participants with MDD were randomized into a three-arm sham-controlled between-groups pilot study comparing the efficacy of 2 mA tDCS + CCT, sham tDCS + CCT and sham CCT + 2 mA tDCS (5 sessions administered on consecutive working days). Blinded assessments of depression severity and cognitive control were conducted at baseline, end of treatment and a three week follow up review. Results All three treatment conditions were associated with a reduction in depression severity at the end of five treatment sessions. However, only administration of tDCS + CCT resulted in sustained antidepressant response at follow up, the magnitude of which was greater than that observed immediately following conclusion of the treatment course. Conclusions The results provide preliminary evidence that concurrent CCT enhances antidepressant outcomes from tDCS. In the current sample, participants receiving concurrent tDCS and CCT continued to improve following cessation of treatment. The clinical superiority of a combined therapeutic approach was apparent even in a small sample and following a relatively short treatment course. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Experimental, controversial, and futuristic treatments for chronic tinnitus$$$ Background: Because chronic tinnitus is a condition that negatively impacts the quality of life of millions of people worldwide, a safe and effective treatment for tinnitus has been sought for millennia. However, effective treatments for tinnitus are greatly outnumbered by ineffective strategies, medications, devices, and surgeries that continue to be developed and promoted for the condition. Purpose: This article describes and critiques experimental, controversial, and potential treatments for chronic tinnitus. The purpose of this review is to provide information that should help patients and clinicians to select tinnitus treatment and management strategies most likely to be effective for each set of symptoms and circumstances. Research Design: PubMed and MEDLINE databases (National Center for Biotechnology Information, U.S. National Library of Medicine) were searched for the term tinnitus in articles published from 1940 to 2012. Other historical documents and publications were also reviewed as needed for particular topics. Study Sample: Studies included in this review were selected to represent a sampling of treatment methodologies that have been used for tinnitus. Data Collection and Analysis: Due to the heterogeneity of the studies reviewed, it was not appropriate to perform a meta-analysis. A selective review of the literature was conducted to summarize and critique published research results. Results: Most invasive treatments for tinnitus should be avoided because (1) at best, there is scant evidence that any of these treatments is effective, and (2) the risk to patients for most invasive procedures is much greater than the risk posed by the tinnitus perception. Effective and noninvasive treatments for tinnitus include acoustic therapy (which includes hearing aids and other types of environmental sound enrichment); cognitive-behavioral therapy; psychological counseling; hypnosis; biofeedback; and relaxation training. Over-the-counter or prescription medications may be used as needed to facilitate sleep and to reduce anxiety, depression, or obsessivecompulsiveness. Conclusions: Patients and clinicians should be especially cautious when considering invasive (and potentially harmful) treatments for tinnitus, which is a non-life-threatening symptom. Unless welldesigned clinical trials verify that a tinnitus therapy demonstrates effectiveness above and beyond the placebo effect, consumers should be wary of medications, devices, or procedures promoted as a "cure." Although a true cure for tinnitus has not yet been found, effective and noninvasive tinnitus management strategies are available now. If progress is made to medically (or genetically) treat sensorineural hearing loss in humans, this breakthrough should also help to simultaneously reduce the perception of tinnitus for many patients.
Novel neurotherapeutics in psychiatry: Use and rationale of transcranial direct current stimulation in major depressive disorder$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a novel non-pharmacological intervention being investigated for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). Objective: To perform an updated review of tDCS for MDD. Method: Systematic review in Medline/PubMed and other databases of all clinical studies evaluating the clinical efficacy of tDCS in MDD, from the first date available to December/2013. Results: Out of 55 articles, 24 were included, being 6 open-label studies; 8 randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trials; 2 follow-up studies; 2 meta-analyses and 6 case reports. We observed an improvement of 20-40% in depressive symptoms, being slightly better in open studies. Five randomized clinical trials displayed positive results. Te meta--analyses presented mixed results; although none included the study of Brunoni et al. (2013) that represents almost 50% of the evaluated sample. Open-label studies and case reports also investigated tDCS in bipolar depression, post-stroke depression and employed different parameters of stimulation. Discussion: TDCS is a novel, promising treatment for MDD. Definite evidence from large, ongoing clinical trials will be available in the next years.
Randomized, proof-of-principle clinical trial of active transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic migraine$$$ Background: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (rTMSDLPFC) is an effective treatment for depression. Preliminary studies indicated beneficial effects of rTMS-DLPFC on pain relief in patients treated for depression, and in patients with chronic migraine. Methods: In this randomized, double-blind, parallel-group, single-center, proof-of-principle clinical trial, we tested the hypothesis that 23 sessions of active rTMS-DLPFC delivered over eight weeks would be feasible, safe and superior to sham rTMS to decrease the number of headache days in 18 patients with chronic migraine without severe depression. Per-protocol analysis was performed. Results: rTMS-DLPFC applied over eight weeks was feasible and safe in patients with chronic migraine. Contrary to our primary hypothesis, the number of headache days decreased significantly more in the sham group than in the group treated with active rTMS-DLPFC at eight weeks. Average decrease in headache days was >50% in the sham group, indicating a powerful placebo response. Pain intensity improved in both groups to a similar extent. Conclusions: Positive results of M1 stimulation in other studies, and the absence of significant benefits of active highfrequency rTMS of the DLPFC in the present study, point to M1 as a more promising target than the DLPFC, for larger trials of noninvasive brain stimulation in patients with chronic migraine. © 2013 International Headache Society.
Unmet needs and research challenges for late-life mood disorders$$$ Mood disorders are common and often underrecognised in older people whereby, together with the general ageing of the population, they are becoming a significant and growing public health problem worldwide. However, the need to address the problem of late life mood disorders in a real-world setting is met with a surprising lack of strong evidence in this field. Randomised clinical trials which focus on elderly mood disorders are not very common and the majority of them focus on pharmacological treatment of major depression. The aim of this study was to review first the main unmet needs and research challenges in late-life mood disorders as a basis to then review the state of the art evidence resulting from randomised clinical trials and the main critical aspects of their implementation. Comorbidity as well as polypharmacy, cognitive decline, unpredictable placebo response, and uncertainty on optimal duration of trials are some of the challenges the investigator has to address. Moreover, some methodological limitations of randomised clinical trials reduce the applicability of the results of such studies to common clinical practices and have encouraged some authors to investigate the existence of possible alternative research designs such as pragmatic randomised clinical trials. © Springer International Publishing 2013.
Predominant polarity as a course specifier for bipolar disorder: A systematic review$$$ Background Predominant polarity (PP) is a proposed course specifier for bipolar disorder, which was not incorporated in the DSM-5 as a descriptor for the nosology of bipolar disorder (BD). Here we perform a systematic review of original studies about PP. Methods A computerized search of MEDLINE/Pubmed, EMBASE and Web of Science databases from inception to October 6th, 2013 was performed with keywords, including 'bipolar disorder', 'polarity' and 'predominant polarity'. Results A total of 19 studies met inclusion criteria. A unifying definition and conceptualization for PP is lacking. A PP is found in approximately half of BD patients. Most studies that included type I BD patients found the manic PP to be more prevalent, while studies that included type II BD participants found a higher prevalence of depressive PP. The depressive PP has been consistently associated with a depressive onset of illness, a delayed diagnosis of BD, type II BD and higher rates of suicidal acts. The manic PP is associated with a younger onset of illness, a first episode manic/psychotic and a higher rate of substance abuse. Evidence suggests that PP may influence responses to acute treatment for bipolar depression. Furthermore, evidences indicate that PP should be considered for the selection of maintenance treatments for BD. Limitations There are few prospective studies on PP. There were disparate definitions for PP across studies. Conclusions The concept of PP provides relevant information for clinicians. Future studies should investigate the genetic and biological underpinnings of PP. © 2014 Elsevier B.V.
[Complementary treatment methods for depression in children and adolescents].$$$ Depressive disorders are among the more common mental illnesses around the world, about 1- 3% of prepubertal children and 6% of postpubertal children and adolescents are affected. They markedly impair psychosocial development and are associated with higher rate of morbidity and mortality throughout life. Many physicians are unsure about which treatment approaches are effective and how the treatment should be planned. A systematic literature search was carried out in electronic databases and study registries and as a manual search. More than 450 studies (mostly randomized controlled trials = RCTs) were identified and summarized in evidence tables. The ensuing recommendations were agreed upon in a consensus conference. The review summarizes the evidence of complementary treatment methods. The evidence for complementary treatment methods (art and music therapy, sleep deprivation, exercise, electroconvulsive therapy, massage, transcranial magnetic stimulation, relaxation, bibliotherapy, computer based therapy, light therapy, omega-3 treatment) is low or there is no evidence due to missing studies or studies of poor quality. For some methods, i. e. light therapy, relaxation and stress reduction and sleep deprivation there is limited indication for effectiveness without sufficient evidence for a practical guidance. There is an urgent need for adequately informative comparative studies on treatment of depression in children and adolescents considering also complementary methods.
Aftercare services for patients with severe mental disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Although evidences emphasize on the importance of aftercare programs to achieve continuity of care, diff erent studies have revealed controversial results about the outcome. Th e objective of this study was to investigate the eff ect of aftercare program on outcome measures of patients with severe mental disorders. Materials and Methods: Of a total 123 eligible patients with severe mental disorders, 61 patients were randomly assigned to the intervention group and 62 patients to the control group. Th e interventions included follow-up phone calls, home visits, and psychoeducation for families. Assessments were performed on hospital admission, discharge and the following 3rd, 6th and 12th month. Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS), Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF), Clinical Global Impression (CGI), and the World Health Organization Quality of Life Questionnaire (WHO-QOL) were used. Data were analyzed through Chi square, t-test, Mann-Whitney-U, and Repeated Measures Analysis of Co-Variance. Results: Mean of the HDRS scores revealed signifi cant diff erence between the two groups when HDRS scores on the admission day were controlled (P = 0.028). Th e level of functioning was signifi cantly diff erent between the two groups based on the sequential assessments of GAF (P = 0.040). One year after the onset of trial, the number of psychiatric readmissions were signifi cantly diff erent between the two groups (P = 0.036). Conclusion: Readmission rates could be reduced by aftercare services, through the fi rst year, after discharge of patients with severe mental disorders. On the other hand, higher levels of functioning would be expected after one year.
Accelerated HF-rTMS in treatment-resistant unipolar depression: Insights from subgenual anterior cingulate functional connectivity$$$ Objectives. Intensified repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) may result in fast clinical responses in treatment resistant depression (TRD). In these kinds of patients, subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) functional connectivity (FC) seems to be consistently disturbed. So far, no de novo data on the relationship between sgACC FC changes and clinical efficacy of accelerated rTMS were available. Methods. Twenty unipolar TRD patients, all at least stage III treatment resistant, were recruited in a randomized sham-controlled crossover high-frequency (HF)-rTMS treatment study. Resting-state (rs) functional MRI scans were collected at baseline and at the end of treatment. Results. HF-rTMS responders showed significantly stronger resting-state functional connectivity (rsFC) anti-correlation between the sgACC and parts of the left superior medial prefrontal cortex. After successful treatment an inverted relative strength of the anti-correlations was observed in the perigenual prefrontal cortex (pgPFC). No effects on sgACC rsFC were observed in non-responders. Conclusions. Strong rsFC anti-correlation between the sgACC and parts of the left prefrontal cortex could be indicative of a beneficial outcome. Accelerated HF-rTMS treatment designs have the potential to acutely adjust deregulated sgACC neuronal networks in TRD patients. © 2014 Informa Healthcare.
Can transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) alleviate symptoms and improve cognition in psychiatric disorders?$$$ Objectives. Since the discovery of psychopharmacological treatments in the early 1950s, followed by the development of second-generation antidepressants and antipsychotics, biological psychiatry has not achieved much progress. Recent technological advances in the field of non-invasive brain stimulation open new perspectives in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Amongst them, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) modulates cortical excitability and induces long-lasting effects. Here, we aimed at evaluating whether tDCS has potential to be developed as an innovative treatment in psychiatry. Methods. We conducted a systematic review of the current state of development and application of tDCS in psychiatric disorders, exploring clinical and cognitive effects, especially in major depressive disorder (MDD), schizophrenia and substance use disorder. Results. Systematic literature search yielded 40 publications: 22 in MDD, nine in schizophrenia, seven in substance use disorder, one in obsessive-compulsive disorder and one in mania. Our findings indicated beneficial clinical effects of tDCS for MDD and a promising literature in schizophrenia and substance use disorder. Conclusions. Despite methodological differences, the data published to date are promising and supports the use of tDCS as a treatment for psychiatric disorders. However, its place regarding other treatments still has to be determined before becoming a routine clinical treatment. © 2014 Informa Healthcare.
Sublingual buprenorphine for acute renal colic pain management: A double-blind, randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy and safety of sublingual buprenorphine with intravenous morphine sulfate for acute renal colic in the emergency department. Methods: In this double-dummy, randomized controlled trial, we enrolled patients aged 18 to 55 years who had a clinical diagnosis of acute renal colic. Patients received either 2 mg sublingual buprenorphine with an IV placebo, or 0.1 mg/kg IV morphine sulfate with a sublingual placebo. Subjects graded their pain with a standard 11-point numeric rating scale (NRS) before medication administration and 20 and 40 minutes after that. The need for rescue analgesia and occurrence of side effects were also recorded in the two groups. Results: Of 69 patients analyzed, 37 had received buprenorphine, and 32 had taken morphine. Baseline characteristics were similar in both groups. NRS pain scores were reduced across time by administration of both buprenorphine (from 9.8 to 5.22 and then 2.30) and morphine (from 9.78 to 4.25 and then 1.8), significantly (P <0.0001). The two regimens did not differ significantly for pain reduction (P = 0.260). Dizziness was more frequently reported by the buprenorphine group (62.1% versus 37.5%, P <0.05) but other adverse effects observed within 40 minutes were similar in the two groups. Conclusions: Sublingual buprenorphine (2 mg) is as effective as morphine sulfate (0.1 mg/kg) in acute renal colic pain management. © 2014 Payandemehr et al.; licensee Springer.
Impact of transcranial direct current stimulation on fatigue in multiple sclerosis$$$ Purpose: Fatigue is a frequent and difficult to treat symptom affecting patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) with a profound negative impact on quality of life. Fatigue has been associated with functional and structural abnormalities of the frontal cortex, including frontal hypo-activation. The aim of this exploratory study was to assess whether fatigue symptoms can be reduced by excitability-enhancing anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Methods: In this sham-controlled, double-blind intervention study, tDCS was applied over the left prefrontal cortex of MS patients with fatigue for five consecutive days. Symptoms were tracked for 1 month via questionnaires. Lesion load at baseline was calculated for each patient and correlated with fatigue levels and responsiveness to stimulation. Results: In the whole group analysis the scores of the fatigue scales were not altered by tDCS. However, in an exploratory analysis we found a correlation between response to the stimulation regarding subjectively perceived fatigue and lesion load in the left frontal cortex: patients responding positively to anodal tDCS had higher lesion load, compared to non-responding patients. Conclusion: We conclude that in patient subgroups discernible by specific morphological alterations, tDCS may be a tool for MS fatigue management. © 2014 IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation could modulate cortical excitability and has the potential to treat refractory depression. However, there has been a lack of large randomized studies of the antidepressant efficacy of different forms of theta-burst stimulation, such as intermittent and continuous theta-burst stimulation. A randomized sham-controlled study was conducted to investigate antidepressant efficacy of theta-burst stimulation and to compare efficacy among left-prefrontal intermittent theta-burst stimulation, right-prefrontal continuous theta-burst stimulation and a combination of them in patients showing different levels of antidepressant refractoriness. A group of 60 treatment-refractory patients with recurrent major depressive disorder were recruited and randomized to four groups (Group A: continuous theta-burst stimulation; Group B: intermittent theta-burst stimulation; Group C: a combination of continuous and intermittent theta-burst stimulation; and Group D: sham theta-burst stimulation; 15 patients were included in each group). After 2 weeks of theta-burst stimulation treatment, depression improved in all groups. Groups B and C had better antidepressant responses (as reflected by % decreases in depression score) than Groups A and D (P = 0.001, post hoc analysis: B > A, B > D, C > A, and C > D), even after controlling for age and refractoriness scores. The mean antidepressant effect was highest in Group C and followed by that in Group B. Additionally, a significant placebo effect was found in patients with low refractoriness; this disappeared in patients with moderate-to-high refractoriness. A significant correlation existed between refractoriness scores and treatment responses. Treatment refractoriness was a significant factor negatively predicting efficacy of theta-burst stimulation (P = 0.039). This randomized sham-controlled study demonstrated that active theta-burst stimulation is a well-tolerated form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and has good antidepressant efficacy, particularly in depressed subjects within a certain range of treatment refractoriness. © 2014 The Author.
Depression and chronic kidney disease: A review for clinicians$$$ Objective: To review the recent academic literature surrounding the prevalence, aetiopathology, associations and management of depression in chronic kidney disease (CKD), in order to provide a practical and up-to-date resource for clinicians. Methods: We conducted electronic searches of the following databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE and PsycINFO. The main search terms were: depression, mood disorders, depressive disorder, mental illness, in combination with kidney disease, renal insufficiency, dialysis, kidney failure. Separate searches were conducted regarding antidepressant use in CKD. Results: A number of recent, large and well-conducted studies have confirmed markedly raised rates of depression amongst those with CKD, with meta-analysis suggesting the prevalence of interview-defined depression to be approximately 20%. The interactions between depression and CKD are complex, bidirectional and multifactorial. Depression in CKD has been shown to be associated with multiple poor outcomes, including increased mortality and hospitalisation rates, as well as poorer treatment compliance and quality of life. Clinical evaluation of depression in patients with CKD can be challenging; however, once a diagnosis is made, a range of treatment modalities can be considered. Conclusions: Depression is common in CKD and is associated with a significant risk of adverse outcomes. Given the importance of this issue, there is now an urgent need for well-conducted randomised trials of interventions for depression in CKD in order to provide information on the safety and efficacy of treatments. © The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists 2013.
Randomized trial of transcranial direct current stimulation and hearing aids for tinnitus management$$$ Background. The perception of sound in the absence of an external sound is tinnitus. Tinnitus can have a severe negative impact on quality of life. Objective. This trial investigated whether multisession anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the left temporoparietal area would enhance sound therapy from hearing aids. Methods. Forty participants (mean age = 54 years) experiencing chronic tinnitus (minimum 2 years) completed a 7-month long double-blind randomized clinical trial. Participants were randomized into 2 groups: control receiving sham tDCS and experimental receiving tDCS. Each group underwent multisession (5 consecutive sessions with 24-hour gap) anodal tDCS (2 mA intensity and 20 minutes duration) of the left temporoparietal area, followed by hearing aid use for 6 months. The impact of tDCS and hearing aid use on tinnitus was assessed using questionnaires (primary measure: Tinnitus Functional Index) and minimum masking level measurement. Results. There was a significant reduction in the overall Tinnitus Functional Index score with time, F(2, 37) = 11.9, P = .0001, for both the groups. Similar patterns were seen for secondary measures. tDCS appeared to have a positive effect on minimum masking levels but not questionnaire responses. Conclusions. After 3 months of hearing aid use, there were significant improvements in tinnitus, which were sustained at 6 months of use. The hearing aid effects appeared independent of tDCS. Further investigations of tDCS or other neuromodulators priming the auditory system for sound therapy based tinnitus treatments are warranted. © The Author(s) 2013.
Cognitive effects of treatment of depression with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background and Objective: We previously reported a randomized, sham-controlled trial of 5 Hz dorsolateral prefrontal left- and right-side repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in 48 participants with a medically refractory major depressive disorder. Depression improved most with right-side cranial stimulation, both rTMS and sham, and to a lesser degree with left rTMS. Because depression is often associated with cognitive impairment, in this study we sought to determine whether our earlier participants had treatment-induced changes in cognition, which cognitive domains (language, executive, visuospatial, verbal episodic memory, attention) were affected, and whether treatment-induced cognitive changes were related either to improvement in depression or to other treatment variables, such as right versus left treatment and rTMS versus sham. Methods: We used hierarchical regression analyses to determine how variables measured at baseline or associated with treatment affected changes in neuropsychological functions. The variables were neuropsychological function in the 5 domains, severity of depression, change in depression with treatment, rTMS versus sham, laterality of stimulation, and rTMS-laterality interaction. Results: Compared to sham, right rTMS was associated with 1.24 standard deviations greater gain in language function, 1.09 standard deviations greater gain in visuospatial function, and 2.38 standard deviations greater gain in verbal episodic memory than left rTMS. These improvements did not appear to be directly related to the relief from depression. Conclusions: Our results suggest that disorders of cognition and mood in depression may have different mechanisms, but right rTMS may treat both. We propose potential mechanisms underlying the right-side rTMS effect. CLINICAL TRIAL REGISTRATION: Clinicaltrials.gov NCT00711568. © 2014 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Beta-blocking agents during electroconvulsive therapy: A review$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is associated with at least transient episodes of hypertension and tachycardia. Beta-blocking agents may be indicated to prevent cardiovascular complications and may shorten seizure duration. This review evaluates studies that used beta-blocking agents during ECT to determine which agent has the most favourable outcomes on cardiovascular variables and seizure duration. A Medline database search was made using the combined keywords 'adrenergic beta-antagonists' and 'electroconvulsive therapy'. The search was restricted to double-blind randomized controlled trials and yielded 29 original studies. With the use of esmolol, significant attenuating effects were found on cardiovascular parameters in the first 5 min after stimulation; its shortening effects on seizure duration may be dose-related. With the use of labetalol, findings on cardiovascular effects were inconsistent during the first minutes after stimulation but were significant after 5 min and thereafter; seizure duration was scarcely studied. Landiolol attenuates heart rate but with inconsistent findings regarding arterial pressure (AP); seizure duration was mostly unaffected. Esmolol appears to be effective in reducing the cardiovascular response, although seizure duration may be affected with higher dosages. Landiolol can be considered a suitable alternative, but effects on AP need further investigation. Labetalol has been studied to a lesser extent and may have prolonged cardiovascular effects. The included studies varied in design, methodology, and the amount of exact data provided in the publications. Further study of beta-blocking agents in ECT is clearly necessary. © 2014 The Author [2014]. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the British Journal of Anaesthesia. All rights reserved.
BDNF blood levels after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with mood disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objectives. To evaluate whether electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), a very effective non-pharmacological treatment for mood disorders, induces neurotrophic effects, indexed by the measurement of peripheral brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels. Methods. Systematic review and meta-analysis of clinical trials published in PubMed/Medline from the first date available to October 2013. We included studies measuring pre- and post-BDNF blood levels under ECT in patients with mood disorders in the acute depressive episode. Results. Eleven studies (n = 221 subjects) were eligible. These studies enrolled subjects with unipolar, bipolar and psychotic depression and varied regarding electrode placement (unipolar vs. bipolar) and previous use of pharmacotherapy. Nonetheless, BDNF significantly increased after ECT (Hedges' g pooled, random-effects model of 0.354; 95% CI = 0.162-0.546). The results were robust according to sensitivity analysis and Begg's funnel plot did not suggest publication bias. Meta-regression results did not show association of the outcome with any clinical and demographic variable, including depression improvement. Conclusions. Our meta-analysis indicates that, similar to pharmacological interventions, peripheral BDNF increases after ECT treatment. The lack of correlation between BDNF increasing and depression improvement suggests that ECT induces neurotrophic effects regardless of clinical response in depression. © 2014 Informa Healthcare.
Transcutaneous vagus and trigeminal nerve stimulation for neuropsychiatric disorders: A systematic review$$$ We reviewed trigeminal nerve stimulation (TNS) and transcutaneous vagus nerve stimulation (tVNS). All techniques have shown preliminary promising results, although the results are mixed. Method: We performed a systematic review of the Medline and Embase databases, with no constraint to dates, through June 2013. The keywords were [(1) trigeminal nerve stimulation OR (2) cranial nerve OR (3) trigemin* OR (4) transcutaneous VNS OR (5) transcutaneous cranial nerve stimulation] and (6) mental disorders. Results: We included four preclinical and clinical five studies on TNS. All clinical data were based on open-label studies with small samples, which diminished the external validity of the results, thus reflecting the modest impact of TNS in current clinical practice. Of the tVNS clinical trials, three assessed physiological features in healthy volunteers, and one examined patients with epilepsy. Conclusion: TNS and tVNS improve treatment of particular neuropsychiatric disorders such as depression.
The nonmotor symptoms of Parkinson's disease: Update on diagnosis and treatment$$$ Objective: To review the prevalence, diagnosis, and treatment of the nonmotor symptoms (NMS) associated with Parkinson's disease (PD). Methods: Narrative review of the literature. Results: The NMS of PD are becoming increasingly recognized as having a critical role in the impact of this neurodegenerative movement disorder. This has led to significant investigative efforts to identify new or better NMS therapies. The preponderance of PD patients will be diagnosed with 1 or multiple NMS during the course of their disease, with many of these symptoms occurring months or even years prior to receiving the PD diagnosis. Despite the high prevalence and impact on disease burden, NMS often go undetected due to a lack of reporting by patients or insufficient interrogation by physicians. Further complicating NMS management is that only a few therapies have the level of evidence needed to support their use in the treatment of NMS. Conclusion: The practitioner needs to be aware of NMS and conduct thorough patient questioning in order to recognize, diagnose, and address NMS in PD patients.
More ubiquitous effects from non-pharmacologic than from pharmacologic treatments for fibromyalgia syndrome: A meta-analysis examining six core symptoms$$$ This study aimed to characterize and compare the efficacy profile on six fibromyalgia syndrome (FM) core symptoms associated with pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic treatments. We screened PubMed, Embase and the Cochrane Library for FM articles from 1990 to September 2012 to analyse randomized controlled trials comparing pharmacologic or non-pharmacologic treatments to placebo or sham. Papers including assessments of at least 2 of the 6 main FM symptom domains - pain, sleep disturbance, fatigue, affective symptoms (depression/anxiety), functional deficit and cognitive impairment - were selected for analysis. Studies exploring pharmacologic approaches (n = 21) were mainly dedicated to treating a small number of dimensions, mostly pain. They were of good quality but were not prospectively designed to simultaneously document efficacy for the management of multiple core FM symptom domains. Only amitriptyline demonstrated a significant effect on as many as three core FM symptoms, but it exhibited many adverse effects and was subject to early tachyphylaxis. Studies involving non-pharmacologic approaches (n = 64) were typically of poorer quality but were more often dedicated to multidimensional targets. Pool therapy demonstrated significant effects on five symptom domains, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on four domains, balneotherapy on three domains and exercise, cognitive behaviour therapy and massage on two domains each. Differences between pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic approaches may be related to different modes of action, tolerability profiles and study designs. Very few drugs in well-designed clinical trials have demonstrated significant relief for multiple FM symptom domains, whereas non-pharmacologic treatments with weaker study designs have demonstrated multidimensional effects. Future therapeutic trials for FM should prospectively examine each of the core domains and should attempt to combine pharmacologic and non-pharmacologic therapies in well-designed clinical trials. © 2014 European Pain Federation - EFIC®.
Augmentative transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in poor responder depressed patients: A follow-up study$$$ Objectives Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neurostimulation technique that has received increasing interest in the area of mood disorders over the last several years. While acute, double-blind, sham-controlled studies have already reported positive findings in terms of efficacy and safety for tDCS, follow-up data are lacking. This need prompted the present follow-up study, which assesses post-acute effects of tDCS (no maintenance stimulation was performed), in the mid-term, in a sample of major depressives. Methods After completing an acute, open trial of tDCS, 23 outpatients with either major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder entered a naturalistic follow-up (T1) with clinical evaluations at one week (T2), 1 month (T3), and 3 months (T4). A quantitative analysis of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), and Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) total scores, through repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) (T1-T4) and paired t-test for comparing specific time points (T1-T2, T2-T3, and T3-T4), was performed. In addition, a qualitative analysis on the basis of treatment response and remission (HAM-D) was performed. Results Even though a progressive reduction of follow-up completers was observed from T2 to T4 (95.6% at T2, 65.2% at T3, and 47.8% at T4), the antidepressant effects of acute tDCS persisted over 3 months in almost half of the sample. Of note, no post-acute side effects emerged during the follow-up observation. The most frequent causes of drop-out from this study included major modifications in therapeutic regimen (30%) and poor adherence to follow-up visits (17%). Conclusions In this mid-term, open, follow-up study, tDCS showed mixed results. Further controlled studies are urgently needed to assess its effects beyond the acute phase. Copyright © Cambridge University Press 2013.
Induction of a depression-like negativity bias by cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ Cognitive control (CC) over emotional distraction is of particular importance for adaptive human behaviour and is associated with activity in the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC). Deficient CC, e.g., presenting as negativity bias, has been suggested to underlie many of the core symptoms of major depression (MD) and is associated with impairments of dlPFC function. Correspondingly, enhancement of dlPFC activity with anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can ameliorate these impairments in patients with MD. Here, we tested the hypothesis that a reduction of dlPFC activity by cathodal tDCS induces CC deficits, thus triggering a depression-like negativity bias in healthy subjects. Twenty-eight individuals participated in a double-blinded, balanced randomized crossover trial of cathodal (1mA, 20min) and sham tDCS applied to the left dlPFC. To assess CC we conducted a delayed response working memory (DWM) task and an arithmetic inhibition task (AIT) with pictures of varying valent content (negative, neutral, positive) during and immediately after stimulation. Cathodal tDCS led to impaired CC specifically over negative material as assessed by reduced response accuracy in the DWM and prolonged response latency in the AIT. Hence, the current study supports the notion that left dlPFC is critically involved in CC over negative material. Together with previously reported beneficial anodal effects, it indicates that the hypoactivation of left dlPFC causes deficits in CC over negative material, which is a possible aetiological mechanism of depression. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
The vigilance regulation model of affective disorders and ADHD$$$ According to the recently proposed vigilance model of affective disorders (vigilance in the sense of "brain arousal"), manic behaviour is partly interpreted as an autoregulatory attempt to stabilise vigilance by creating a stimulating environment, and the sensation avoidance and withdrawal in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) is seen as an autoregulatory reaction to tonically increased vigilance. Indeed, using a newly developed EEG-based algorithm, hyperstable vigilance was found in MDD, and the contrary, with rapid drops to sleep stages, in mania. Furthermore, destabilising vigilance (e.g. by sleep deprivation) triggers (hypo)mania and improves depression, whereas stabilising vigilance, e.g. by prolonged sleep, improves mania. ADHD and mania have common symptoms, and the unstable vigilance might be a common pathophysiology. There is even evidence that psychostimulants might ameliorate both ADHD and mania. Hyperactivity of the noradrenergic system could explain both the high vigilance level in MDD and, as recently argued, anhedonia and behavioural inhibition. Interestingly, antidepressants and electroconvulsions decrease the firing rate of neurons in the noradrenergic locus coeruleus, whereas many antimanic drugs have opposite effects. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Enhancement of affective processing induced by bifrontal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with major depression$$$ Objective Our aim was to evaluate whether one single section of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a neuromodulatory technique that noninvasively modifies cortical excitability, could induce acute changes in the negative attentional bias in patients with major depression. Subjects and Methods Randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, parallel design enrolling 24 age-, gender-matched, drug-free, depressed subjects. Anode and cathode were placed over the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. We performed a word Emotional Stroop Task collecting the response times (RTs) for positive-, negative-, and neutral-related words. The emotional Stroop effect for negative vs. neutral and vs. positive words was used as the measure of attentional bias. Results At baseline, RTs were significantly slower for negative vs. positive words. We found that active but not sham tDCS significantly modified the negative attentional bias, abolishing slower RT for negative words. Conclusion Active but not sham tDCS significantly modified the negative attentional bias. These findings add evidence that a single tDCS session transiently induces potent changes in affective processing, which might be one of the mechanisms of tDCS underlying mood changes. © 2013 International Neuromodulation Society.
Brain stimulation in the treatment of late-life severe mental illness other than unipolar nonpsychotic depression$$$ Late-life mental illness is a growing concern. Current medications have limited efficacy and are associated with safety concerns. A variety of brain stimulation approaches offers alternative treatments. We performed a systematic literature search on the efficacy and safety of brain stimulation in late-life mental illnesses, excluding unipolar nonpsychotic depression. Studies on deep brain stimulation, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), and vagal nerve stimulation that enrolled exclusively older adults (≥65 years) or analyzed older adults as a separate group were included. The search identified 1,181 publications, of which 43 met the above inclusion criteria: 24 were related to the treatment of non-unipolar depression (ECT: 21; rTMS: 2; ECT and rTMS: 1), 14 related to dementia (ECT: 7[2 of these studies were also related to depression]; vagal nerve stimulation: 2; rTMS: 4; deep brain stimulation: 1), and 7 to schizophrenia (ECT: 7). These studies reported a high degree of variability in efficacy and safety with promising results in general, particularly in the treatment of dementia and schizophrenia. Most publications were limited by small sample sizes, lack of control conditions, and lack of randomization. Large studies with a randomized controlled design or other designs such as crossover or off-on-off-on are needed. In contrast to the empiric and nonspecific use of ECT, future studies using modalities other than ECT could focus on novel biologically based interventions that target specific circuitry. These interventions could also be combined with other nonebrain stimulation treatments for possible synergistic effects. © 2014 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Antidepressant efficacy of high and low frequency rTMS at 110% of motor threshold versus sham stimulation over left prefrontal cortex$$$ While the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at 10 Hz over the left prefrontal cortex has been repeatedly demonstrated, it is not clear that the optimal parameters for the treatment of depression have been adequately elucidated. Objectives We sought to assess the antidepressant effectiveness of high and low frequency at a higher intensity rTMS compared to sham in patients with moderately treatment resistant depression. Method The authors conducted a three-week, double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study of 24 acutely depressed patients given either active 20 Hz (n = 8) or 1 Hz (n = 8) rTMS (at 110% of motor threshold [MT]) or sham treatments (n = 8) over the left prefrontal cortex. Hamilton Depression ratings were analyzed by ANOVA. Results Patients on both frequencies showed greater improvement than on sham, which was associated with minor increases in depression. During open continuation to allow 7 weeks of active treatment in all individuals, additional improvement was observed. Conclusions The results seen here using 110% of MT for 3 weeks were more robust than those of previous studies of 1-Hz or 20-Hz rTMS for 2 weeks (at 80% and 100% of MT). The results also raise the possibility that both high and low frequency rTMS over left prefrontal cortex (and not just low frequency over the right prefrontal cortex) exert antidepressant effects, but further work is required to assess what parameters may be most effective in general and for a given individual. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Comparing effects of ketamine and thiopental administration during electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depressive disorder: A randomized, double-blind study$$$ OBJECTIVES: Recently, ketamine has attracted attention for induction of anesthesia during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). This study compared the effects of thiopental and ketamine in patients undergoing this procedure. METHOD: This randomized, double-blind clinical trial included inpatients, with major depressive disorder, undergoing ECT. Subjects were randomly allocated to receive either ketamine or thiopental. Mini-Mental State Examination and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale were used to assess memory and depression, respectively, before the first and second ECT sessions as well as a few days and 1 month after the sixth session. The electrical charge, seizure duration, blood pressure, and heart rate were also recorded. RESULTS: Of the 31 patients, 17 met the criteria for the ketamine group but 2 dropped out of the study. Therefore, 15 patients received ketamine and 14 received thiopental. Each patient underwent 6 ECT sessions. At the end of the study, depression improved significantly in both groups. However, a significant difference in depression improvement was noted only before the second ECT with ketamine compared with thiopental. Despite a significant decline in Mini-Mental State Examination scores in both groups after the first ECT, cognitive function improved afterward but was only significant in ketamine group. Seizure duration was found to be significantly longer with ketamine. Stimulus intensity used for each ECT increased gradually and linearly with a greater increase observed in thiopental group. CONCLUSIONS: Ketamine administration during ECT is well tolerated and patients may experience earlier improvement in depressive symptoms, longer seizure duration, and better cognitive performance when compared with thiopental. Copyright © 2014 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Clinical and cost-eff ectiveness of cognitive behaviour therapy for health anxiety in medical patients: A multicentre randomised controlled trial$$$ Backgro und Health anxiety has been treated by therapists expert in cognitive behaviour therapy with some specifi c benefi t in some patients referred to psychological services. Those in hospital care have been less often investigated. Following a pilot trial suggesting effi cacy we carried out a randomised study in hospital medical clinics. Methods We undertook a multicentre, randomised trial on health anxious patients attending cardiac, endocrine, gastroenterological, neurological, and respiratory medicine clinics in secondary care. We included those aged 16-75 years, who satisfi ed the criteria for excessive health anxiety, and were resident in the area covered by the hospital, were not under investigation for new pathology or too medically unwell to take part. We used a computergenerated random scheme to allocate eligible medical patients to an active treatment group of fi ve-to-ten sessions of adapted cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT-HA group) delivered by hospital-based therapists or to standard care in the clinics. The primary outcome was change in health anxiety symptoms measured by the Health Anxiety Inventory at 1 year and the main secondary hypothesis was equivalence of total health and social care costs over 2 years, with an equivalence margin of 150. Analysis was by intention to treat. The study is registered with controlled-trials.com, ISRCTN14565822. Findings Of 28 991 patients screened, 444 were randomly assigned to receive either adapted cognitive behaviour therapy (CBT-HA group, 219 participants) or standard care (standard care group, 225), with 205 participants in the CBT-HA group and 212 in the standard care group included in the analyses of the primary endpoints. At 1 year, improvement in health anxiety in the patients in the CBT-HA group was 2·98 points greater than in those in the standard care group (95% CI 1·64- 4·33, p0·0001), and twice as many patients receiving cognitive behaviour therapy achieved normal levels of health anxiety compared with those in the control group (13·9% vs 7·3%; odds ratio 2·15, 95% CI 1·09-4·23, p=0·0273). Similar diff erences were observed at 6 months and 2 years, and there were concomitant reductions in generalised anxiety and, to a lesser extent, depression. Of nine deaths, six were in the control group; all were due to pre-existing illness. Social functioning or health-related quality of life did not diff er signifi cantly between groups. Equivalence in total 2-year costs was not achieved, but the diff erence was not signifi cant (adjusted mean diff erence 156, 95% CI -1446 to 1758, p=0·848). Interpretation This form of adapted cognitive behaviour therapy for health anxiety led to sustained symptomatic benefi t over 2 years, with no signifi cant eff ect on total costs. It deserves wider application in medical care.
Cytokines plasma levels during antidepressant treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS): Results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial$$$ Rationale: The inflammatory hypothesis of depression states that increased levels of pro-inflammatory cytokines triggered by external and internal stressors are correlated to the acute depressive state. This hypothesis also suggests that pharmacotherapy partly acts in depression through anti-inflammatory effects. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a novel, promising, non-invasive somatic treatment for depression, although its antidepressant mechanisms are only partly understood. Objectives: We explored the effects of tDCS and sertraline over the immune system during an antidepressant treatment trial. Methods: In a 6-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial, 73 antidepressant-free patients with unipolar depression were randomized to active/sham tDCS and sertraline/placebo (2 × 2 design). Plasma levels of several cytokines (IL-2, IL-4, IL-6, IL-10, IL-17a, IFN-γ, and TNF-α) were determined to investigate the effects of the interventions and of clinical response on them. Results: All cytokines, except TNF-α, decreased over time, these effects being similar across the different intervention-groups and in responders vs. non-responders. Conclusions: tDCS and sertraline (separately and combined) acute antidepressant effects might not specifically involve normalization of the immune system. In addition, being one of the first placebo-controlled trials measuring cytokines over an antidepressant treatment course, our study showed that the decrease in cytokine levels during the acute depressive episode could involve a placebo effect, highlighting the need of further placebo-controlled trials and observational studies examining cytokine changes during depression treatment and also after remission of the acute depressive episode. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Berlin Heidelberg.
Effects of a non-focal plasticity protocol on apathy in moderate alzheimer's disease: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background Apathy is the most common neuropsychiatric symptom in Alzheimer's disease (AD) and it is associated with changes in prefrontal neural circuits involved with generation of voluntary actions. To date no effective treatment for apathy has been demonstrated. Objective We aimed to investigate the effects and safety of repetitive transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on apathy in moderate AD patients. Methods Forty patients were randomized to receive either active or sham-tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Patients received six sessions of intervention during 2 weeks and were evaluated at baseline, at week 1 and 2, and after 1 week without intervention. Clinical raters, patients, and caregivers were blinded. The primary outcome was apathy. Global cognition and neuropsychiatric symptoms were examined as secondary outcomes. Results The mean MMSE score at baseline was 15.2 ± 2.9 and the mean Apathy Scale score was 27.7 ± 6.7. Changes on apathy scores over time were not different between active and sham tDCS (P = 0.552 for repeated measures). Further analyses confirm that changes from baseline did not differ between groups after the sixth session (active tDCS -1.95 (95%CI -3.49, -0.41); sham-tDCS -2.05 (95%CI -3.68, -0.42); P = 0.989]. Similarly, tDCS had no effect on secondary outcomes (P > 0.40). tDCS was well tolerated and not associated with significant adverse effects. Conclusion In this adequately powered study for minimal clinically significant difference, our findings show that using the parameters we chose for this study, repeated anodal tDCS over the left DLPFC had no effect on apathy in elderly patients with moderate AD. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
A double-blind, randomized trial of deep Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for autism spectrum disorder$$$ Background Biomedical treatment options for autism spectrum disorder (ASD) are extremely limited. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a safe and efficacious technique when targeting specific areas of cortical dysfunction in major depressive disorder, and a similar approach could yield therapeutic benefits in ASD, if applied to relevant cortical regions. Objective The aim of this study was to examine whether deep rTMS to bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex improves social relating in ASD. Methods 28 adults diagnosed with either autistic disorder (high-functioning) or Asperger's disorder completed a prospective, double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled design with 2 weeks of daily weekday treatment. This involved deep rTMS to bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (5 Hz, 10-s train duration, 20-s inter-train interval) for 15 min (1500 pulses per session) using a HAUT-Coil. The sham rTMS coil was encased in the same helmet of the active deep rTMS coil, but no effective field was delivered into the brain. Assessments were conducted before, after, and one month following treatment. Results Participants in the active condition showed a near significant reduction in self-reported social relating symptoms from pre-treatment to one month follow-up, and a significant reduction in social relating symptoms (relative to sham participants) for both post-treatment assessments. Those in the active condition also showed a reduction in self-oriented anxiety during difficult and emotional social situations from pre-treatment to one month follow-up. There were no changes for those in the sham condition. Conclusion Deep rTMS to bilateral dorsomedial prefrontal cortex yielded a reduction in social relating impairment and socially-related anxiety. Further research in this area should employ extended rTMS protocols that approximate those used in depression in an attempt to replicate and amplify the clinical response. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Effects of tDCS-induced motor cortex modulation on pain in HTLV-1: A blind randomized clinical trial$$$ OBJECTIVE:: We aimed to evaluate the effects of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) on chronic pain in human T-lymphotropic virus type I-infected patients. MATERIALS AND METHODS:: This is a sham-controlled randomized clinical trial. Twenty participants were randomized to receive active or sham anodal tDCS over the primary motor cortex (M1), with 2 mA, 25 cm electrodes, for 20 minutes on 5 consecutive days. Pain intensity was measured at baseline and after each day of treatment using a Visual Analog Scale. Associated factors such as pain components description, pressure pain threshold, and Timed Up and Go task were also assessed. RESULTS:: Mild adverse events were reported by 100% of patients in the tDCS group and 90% in the sham group. Comparison of daily Visual Analog Scale pain scores from both groups demonstrated a significant effect for the factor Time (P<0.001), but not for Group (P=0.13) or Time×Group interaction (P=0.06). There were 8 (80%) responders (reduction of 50% or more in pain intensity) in the tDCS group and 3 (30%) in the sham group (P=0.03). Both groups demonstrated improvements for most associated factors evaluated. However, there was no difference in between-groups comparison analyses. CONCLUSIONS:: The analysis of the main outcomes in this study did not demonstrate a significant advantage of anodal tDCS applied to M1 in patients with human T-lymphotropic virus type I and chronic pain in comparison with sham tDCS, although secondary analysis suggests some superiority of active tDCS over sham. The large placebo effect observed in this study may explain the small differences between sham versus active tDCS. © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Improvement in quality of life with left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with pharmacoresistant major depression: Acute and six month outcomes$$$ Background Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a safe and effective treatment for major depression. We describe quality of life (QOL) outcomes from acute treatment with TMS, and describe the durability of benefit across 24-weeks. Methods Three hundred and one medication-free patients with pharmacoresistant major depression were randomized to active or sham TMS in a 6-week controlled trial. Nonresponders to the 6-week blinded phase of the study were enrolled in a 6-week open-label study without unblinding the prior treatment assignment. Responders and partial responders to both the blinded (active or sham treatment) or open acute treatment phases were tapered off TMS over three weeks, while initiating maintenance antidepressant medication monotherapy. These subjects entered the 24-week study to examine the durability of response to TMS. The Medical Outcomes Study-36 Item Short Form (SF-36) and the Quality of Life Enjoyment and Satisfaction Questionnaire (Q-LES-Q) were used to measure overall function and QOL. During the 24-week durability of effect study, QOL assessments were done at study entry and at the end of 24-weeks. Results Statistically significant improvement in both functional status and QOL outcomes was observed in patients treated with active TMS compared with sham TMS during the acute phase of the randomized, sham-controlled trial. Similar benefits were observed in patients who entered the open-label extension study. These improvements were sustained across the 24-week follow up study. Conclusions Acute treatment with TMS improved functional status and QOL outcomes in patients with major depression. This clinical effect was durable in long-term follow up. © 2014 Elsevier Inc.
Two of three patients with multiple chemical sensitivity had less symptoms and secondary hyperalgesia after transcranially applied pulsed electromagnetic fields$$$ Background: Multiple chemical sensitivity (MCS) is a chronic, disabling condition characterized by recurrent multisystem symptoms triggered by common airborne chemicals. Evidence points towards abnormal sensory processing in the central nervous system (CNS) as a likely pathophysiological mechanism. No effective treatment has yet been reported, but clinical observations suggest that as pulsed electromagnetic fields (PEMF) is a treatment for some CNS disorders (depression and chronic pain), it may also be a treatment modality for MCS. Methods: In an open case study, the effects of PEMF were assessed in three MCS patients. All cases received 30. min daily treatment 5 days a week for 8 consecutive weeks. Symptoms and functional impairments related to MCS, depressive symptoms, and capsaicin-induced secondary punctate hyperalgesia were assessed at baseline and weekly until an 18-week follow-up. Results: Two of the three cases showed considerable improvement on all measures of symptoms and functional impairments related to MCS in response to PEMF therapy. One case showed no improvement and during the treatment period was unexpectedly diagnosed with depression. Conclusion: Our findings indicate potential benefits of PEMF therapy in MCS. Implication: The therapeutic effect of PEMF in MCS needs to be investigated by a randomized placebo-controlled trial. © 2013 Scandinavian Association for the Study of Pain.
Best practices for intrathecal drug delivery for pain$$$ Objective The objective of this study was to identify best practices and provide guidance to clinicians to ensure safety and optimize intrathecal drug delivery for chronic intractable pain. Methods Twelve experienced pain medicine practitioners - eight anesthesiologists, one neurosurgeon, one physiatrist, one clinical psychologist, and one advanced practice registered nurse - from the United States, Australia, and Europe gathered to identify and publish consensus on best practices in three areas related to safe intrathecal therapy for pain: safety and monitoring, patient and device management, and patient selection and trialing. Conclusions Intrathecal drug delivery is a valuable alternative drug delivery system for many patients with severe chronic or end-of-life pain. While device-related complications (mostly with catheters) and surgical-site infections can occur, the main therapy-related safety issues associated with intrathecal drug delivery arise primarily with inadequate patient monitoring (e.g., respiratory depression), inflammatory mass (e.g., high doses and concentrations of opioids), wound healing, dosing errors (e.g., medication concentration and pump programming), pump fills or refills (e.g., pocket fills), and interaction with concomitant systemic medications (e.g., opioids and benzodiazepines). Many of the reported adverse events and complications of intrathecal drug delivery can be prevented by adequate clinician training, implementation of best practices, and experience. In adopting the therapy, patients must be apprised of its risks and benefits. Physicians and patients must partner to achieve both safety and effectiveness. © 2014 International Neuromodulation Society.
What was learned: Studies by the consortium for research in ECT (CORE) 1997-2011$$$ Objective: To review the findings of the four-hospital collaborative studies of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in unipolar depressed patients known as CORE between 1997 and 2011. Unipolar depressed patients were treated with bilateral ECT, and on remission were randomly assigned to a fixed schedule continuation ECT or to combined lithium and nortriptyline for 6 months. A second study compared three electrode placements in unipolar and bipolar depressed patients. Method: Nineteen published reports were reviewed. The findings are compared with those of a parallel multi-hospital study of ECT led by a Columbia University Collaboration (CUC) team that studied right unilateral ECT in a similar population with similar inclusion/exclusion and remission criteria. Successful ECT was followed by placebo, nortriptyline alone, or combined lithium, and nortriptyline. Results: Relapse rates after remission were similar with fixed schedule ECT as with medications. Predictors of outcome (psychosis, suicide risk, polarity, melancholia, atypical depression, age) and technical aspects (electrode placement, seizure threshold, speed of response) are discussed, Conclusion: The findings offer criteria to optimize the selection of patients, the technique, and outcome of ECT for unipolar and bipolar depressed patients. Continuation ECT is an effective alternative to continuation treatment with lithium and nortriptyline. Bilateral electrode placement is more efficient than alternative placements. ECT relieves both bipolar and unipolar depression. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons A/S. Published by John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
The challenge of treatment in bipolar depression: Evidence from clinical guidelines, treatment recommendations and complex treatment situations$$$ Bipolar depression and its clinical presentation is a frequent but complex psychiatric disease. Despite the high prevalence and the clinical and economic relevance of bipolar depression, few treatments are proven to be highly and consistently effective. In practice, the treatment of bipolar depression typically includes complex treatment decision-making. The best evidence for a pharmacological treatment exists for quetiapine. Alternatives with limitations are lamotrigine (also in the combination with lithium), carbamazepine and olanzapine. The effectiveness and recommendation of antidepressants in the treatment of bipolar depression remains controversial. Initially, depressive episodes should been treated with one of the named substances with antidepressant properties. In non-responders, a combination of lithium and lamotrigine, or antidepressants in combination with either lithium, an antiepileptic drug or atypical antipsychotics, may be necessary. If a depressive episode occurs under ongoing mood-stabilizing treatment, combination treatments of different substances, even with antidepressants, can be necessary. In the case of treatment-resistant depressive episodes, complex treatment strategies (combination therapies, MAO inhibitors) should be considered. This review describes the treatment recommendations of different guidelines for bipolar depression and emphasizes their differences. Furthermore, alternative pharmacological treatment strategies and complex treatment situations are discussed. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York ·.
Delayed mood transitions in major depressive disorder$$$ The hypothesis defended here is that the process of mood-normalizing transitions fails in a significant proportion of patients suffering from major depressive disorder. Such a failure is largely unrelated to the psychological content. Evidence for the hypothesis is provided by the highly variable and unpredictable time-courses of the depressive episodes.The main supporting observations are: (1) mood transitions within minutes or days have been reported during deep brain stimulation, naps after sleep deprivation and bipolar mood disorders; (2) sleep deprivation, electroconvulsive treatment and experimental drugs (e.g., ketamine) may facilitate mood transitions in major depressive disorder within hours or a few days; (3) epidemiological and clinical studies show that the time-to-recovery from major depressive disorder can be described with decay models implying very short depressive episodes; (4) lack of relationship between the length of depression and recovery episodes in recurrent depression; (5) mood fluctuations predict later therapeutic success in major depressive disorder. We discuss some recent models aimed to describe random mood transitions.The observations together suggest that the mood transitions have a wide variety of apparently unrelated causes. We suggest that the mechanism of mood transition is compromised in major depressive disorder, which has to be recognized in diagnostic systems. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the right prefrontal cortex combined with partial sleep deprivation in treatment-resistant depression: A randomized sham-controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Sham-controlled low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was used in patients with pharmacoresistant major depressionas anadded treatment along with partial sleep deprivation (PSD). In addition, the potential predictive role of brain-derived neurotrophic factor genetic polymorphism on treatment response was analyzed.
No change in neuropsychological functioning after receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for major depression$$$ Early studies of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) have shown no adverse effects on neuropsychological function. However, further research using higher TMS intensities as well as a greater number of TMS pulses and with larger sample sizes is needed. We studied 68 patients with major depressive disorder who were randomized to receive either 15 sessions of sham or real TMS at 110% of the estimated prefrontal cortex threshold to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Each session consisted of 325-second trains of 10-Hz repetitive TMS at 110% adjusted motor threshold. A total of 24,000 pulses were given. Neuropsychological function was assessed before and immediately after TMS treatment with a battery of 8 tests. Using a higher TMS intensity as well as a greater number of pulses and having a larger sample size compared with most previous studies, this study found no negative neuropsychological effects of TMS. Changes in neuropsychological function were unrelated to changes in depression.
BDNF plasma levels after antidepressant treatment with sertraline and transcranial direct current stimulation: Results from a factorial, randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation intervention that modifies cortical excitability according to the stimulation parameters. Preclinical and clinical studies in healthy volunteers suggest that tDCS induces neuroplastic alterations of cortical excitability, which might explain its clinical effects in major depressive disorder (MDD). We therefore examined whether tDCS, as compared to the antidepressant sertraline, increases plasma brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) levels, a neurotrophin associated with neuroplasticity. Patients (n=73) with major depressive disorder were randomized to active/sham tDCS and sertraline/placebo (four groups) in this 6-week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. We measured BDNF plasma levels at baseline and endpoint, observing no significant changes of BDNF levels after treatment. In addition, no significant changes were observed in responders and non-responders as well as no relationships between BDNF levels and clinical and psychopathological variables related to depression. Thus, in one of the few placebo-controlled trials evaluating BDNF changes over an antidepressant treatment course, we did not observe BDNF increase regardless of clinical improvement in depressed patients. Regarding tDCS, BDNF plasma levels might not be a good candidate biomarker to evaluate depression improvement or be a predictor of response in patients treated with tDCS, as our results showed that BDNF increase was not necessary to induce clinical response. Finally, our findings do not support a relationship between BDNF and improvement of depression. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP.
The effect of prolonged exposure to morphine on canine cerebral 5-HT2A receptors measured with 123I-R91150 SPECT$$$ Down-stream neuronal alterations, including changes in the 5-HT-2A receptor system, play an important role in the etiology and treatment of depression. The present study examined the effect of prolonged opioid treatment on cerebral 5-HT2A receptors. Cerebral 5-HT2A receptor availability was estimated in seven healthy five-year-old female neutered Beagle dogs pre and post 10-day morphine treatment (oral sustained release morphine 20mg twice daily for 10 days) with 123I-R-91150, a 5-HT2A selective radioligand, and SPECT. 5-HT2A receptor binding indices (BI) for the frontal, parietal, temporal and occipital cortex and the subcortical region were calculated. Statistical analysis was performed using a linear mixed-effect model with treatment as fixed effect and dog as random effect. Morphine treatment significantly (P≤0.05) lowered 5-HT2A BIs in the right and left frontal cortex, the right and left temporal cortex, the right and left parietal cortex, and the subcortical region. The decreased cerebral 5-HT2A receptor availability following prolonged morphine exposure provides further evidence for an interaction between the opioid and serotonergic system. © 2014 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for major depression: An updated systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Transcranial direct cranial stimulation (tDCS) is a promising non-pharmacological intervention for treating major depressive disorder (MDD). However, results from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and meta-analyses are mixed. Our aim was to assess the efficacy of tDCS as a treatment for MDD. We performed a systematic review in Medline and other databases from the first RCT available until January 2014. The main outcome was the Hedges' g for continuous scores; secondary outcomes were the odds ratio (ORs) to achieve response and remission. We used a random-effects model. Seven RCTs (n=259) were included, most with small sample sizes that assessed tDCS as either a monotherapy or as an add-on therapy. Active vs. sham tDCS was significantly superior for all outcomes (g=0.37; 95% CI 0.04-0.7; ORs for response and remission were, respectively, 1.63; 95% CI=1.26-2.12 and 2.50; 95% CI=1.26-2.49). Risk of publication bias was low. No predictors of response were identified, possibly owing to low statistical power. In summary, active tDCS was statistically superior to sham tDCS for the acute depression treatment, although its role as a clinical intervention is still unclear owing to the mixed findings and heterogeneity of the reviewed studies. Further RCTs with larger sample sizes and assessing tDCS efficacy beyond the acute depressive episode are warranted. © CINP 2014.
A two-site pilot randomized 3 day trial of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for suicidal inpatients$$$ Background Suicide attempts and completed suicides are common, yet there are no proven acute medication or device treatments for treating a suicidal crisis. Repeated daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for 4-6 weeks is a new FDA-approved treatment for acute depression. Some open-label rTMS studies have found rapid reductions in suicidality. Design This study tests whether a high dose of rTMS to suicidal inpatients is feasible and safe, and also whether this higher dosing might rapidly improve suicidal thinking. This prospective, 2-site, randomized, active sham-controlled (1:1 randomization) design incorporated 9 sessions of rTMS over 3 days as adjunctive to usual inpatient suicidality treatment. The setting was two inpatient military hospital wards (one VA, the other DOD). Patients Research staff screened approximately 377 inpatients, yielding 41 adults admitted for suicidal crisis. Because of the funding source, all patients also had either post-traumatic stress disorder, mild traumatic brain injury, or both. TMS methods Repetitive TMS (rTMS) was delivered to the left prefrontal cortex with a figure-eight solid core coil at 120% motor threshold, 10 Hertz (Hz), 5 second (s) train duration, 10 s intertrain interval for 30 minutes (6000 pulses) 3 times daily for 3 days (total 9 sessions; 54,000 stimuli). Sham rTMS used a similar coil that contained a metal insert blocking the magnetic field and utilized electrodes on the scalp, which delivered a matched somatosensory sensation. Main outcome measure Primary outcomes were the daily change in severity of suicidal thinking as measured by the Beck Scale of Suicidal Ideation (SSI) administered at baseline and then daily, as well as subjective visual analog scale measures before and after each TMS session. Mixed model repeated measures (MMRM) analysis was performed on modified intent to treat (mITT) and completer populations. Results This intense schedule of rTMS with suicidal inpatients was feasible and safe. Minimal side effects occurred, none differing by arm, and the 3-day retention rate was 88%. No one died of suicide within the 6 month followup. From the mITT analyses, SSI scores declined rapidly over the 3 days for both groups (sham change -15.3 points, active change -15.4 points), with a trend for more rapid decline on the first day with active rTMS (sham change -6.4 points, active -10.7 points, P = 0.12). This decline was more pronounced in the completers subgroup [sham change -5.9 (95% CI: -10.1, -1.7), active -13 points (95% CI: -18.7, -7.4); P = 0.054]. Subjective ratings of 'being bothered by thoughts of suicide' declined non-significantly more with active rTMS than with sham at the end of 9 sessions of treatment in the mITT analysis [sham change -31.9 (95% CI: -41.7, -22.0), active change -42.5 (95% CI: -53.8, -31.2); P = 0.17]. There was a significant decrease in the completers sample [sham change -24.9 (95% CI: -34.4, -15.3), active change -43.8 (95% CI: -57.2, -30.3); P = 0.028]. Conclusions Delivering high doses of left prefrontal rTMS over three days (54,000 stimuli) to suicidal inpatients is possible and safe, with few side effects and no worsening of suicidal thinking. The suggestions of a rapid anti-suicide effect (day 1 SSI data, Visual Analogue Scale data over the 3 days) need to be tested for replication in a larger sample. Trial registration ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT01212848, TMS for suicidal ideation. © 2014 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Searching for the mechanism(s) of ECT's therapeutic effect$$$ The exact therapeutic mechanism of action of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains unresolved. Numerous psychological theories from decades ago have been proven untrue. In the ensuing years, ECT has been proven to have numerous reproducible effects on brain chemistry, regional brain activity, electroencephalographic sleep stages, and neurogenesis. Clinically, ECT has been shown to have antidepressant, antipsychotic, antimanic, antiparkinsonian, and anticonvulsive effects. It is possible that different biological effects of ECT are responsible for different clinical effects or that several biological effects in concert work together to produce a given clinical effect. This paper comments on the array of possible mechanisms and points toward the future of mechanistic research in ECT. Copyright © 2014 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Impact of two or less missing treatment sessions on tDCS clinical efficacy: Results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial in major depression$$$ Objectives Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a neuromodulatory intervention with recent clinical trials showing promising results in major depression treatment. Although tDCS has some appealing characteristics (e.g., low cost, ease of use, and relatively benign profile of adverse effects), one important drawback of the technique is the need to deliver consecutive, repeated sessions for several weekdays. However, no study investigated whether absences during this acute treatment phase impact on tDCS efficacy, and, if so, whether absences should be considered dropouts, therefore increasing attrition. Material and Methods To examine this issue, we used data from a randomized, factorial, sham-controlled tDCS study that recruited 120 depressed patients. In this trial, the acute treatment phase consisted of ten consecutive sessions delivered once daily from Monday to Friday; two nonconsecutive missed visits were allowed, with extra tDCS sessions being performed to complete the original number of sessions. Results Our main finding was that the procedure of granting one to two absences during the acute treatment phase did not impact on tDCS antidepressant efficacy. Moreover, out of 103 completers, only 41 (39.8%) patients presented no missing visits and 25 (24.3%) presented two absences. These patients did not differ in clinical and demographic characteristics; thus, absences were probably circumstantial (e.g., traffic congestion, personal obligations). Conclusions Absences during the acute tDCS treatment phase are common, which support the use of flexible schedules in future tDCS trials as to minimize attrition. Also, further studies should access whether higher number of absences can compromise optimal tDCS efficacy.
A systematic review of the clinical relevance of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an approved treatment for depression. The clinical relevance of its efficacy is unclear. The clinical relevance of findings in the rTMS literature was assessed by translating Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) data into Clinical Global Impression-Improvement scale (CGI-I) scores. Method: We performed electronic searches of MEDLINE, Embase, PsycINFO, PubMed and Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials for RCTs and non-RCT trials on rTMS using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD). Articles were included if published in English before January 2014. We translated HAMD scores into nominal CGI-I scores for rTMS for depression and for treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Results: About 960 abstracts were retrieved. Sixty-three studies were included, yielding 130 study arms. For depression, the mean percentage change in HAMD scores in all sham-controlled rTMS treatment arms was 35.63 (SD 16.35) and for sham-rTMS 23.33 (SD 16.51). For TRD, active rTMS in sham-controlled studies showed a mean HAMD percentage reduction of 45.21 (SD 10.94) versus 25.04 (SD 17.55) for sham-rTMS. When aggregated scores were translated into notional CGI-I scores, for the treatment of depression, the notional CGI-I score difference between rTMS and sham-rTMS was 0.5 in favour of rTMS; for TRD, it was 0.75 in favour of rTMS. Differences between rTMS and sham-rTMS were bigger when all study arms were combined. Conclusion: Whilst rTMS appears to be efficacious for both non-refractory and treatment-resistant depression, the clinical relevance of its efficacy is doubtful.
Management of the acute painful crisis in sickle cell disease- a re-evaluation of the use of opioids in adult patients$$$ Management of the acute painful crisis (APC) of sickle cell disease (SCD) remains unsatisfactory despite advances in the understanding and management of acute pain in other clinical settings. One reason for this is an unsophisticated approach to the use of opioid analgesics for pain management. This applies to haematologists who are responsible for developing acute sickle pain management protocols for their patients, and to health care staff in the acute care setting. The objective of this article is to evaluate the evidence for use of opioids in APC management. We have highlighted the possibilities for improving management by using alternatives to morphine, and intranasal (IN) or transmucosal routes of administration for rapid onset of analgesia in the emergency department (ED). We suggest how experience gained in managing acute sickle pain in children could be extrapolated to adolescents and young adults. We have also questioned whether patients given strong opioids in the acute setting are being safely monitored and what resources are required to ensure efficacy, safety and patient satisfaction. We also identify aspects of care where there are significant differences of opinion, which require further study by randomized controlled trial. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Interest of targeting either cortical area Brodmann 9 or 46 in rTMS treatment for depression: A preliminary randomized study$$$ Objective: To assess the interest of specifically targeting Brodmann Areas (BA) 9 or 46 for rTMS treatment of depression. Methods: Patients with Treatment-Resistant Depression were randomly assigned to two treatment groups to receive either rTMS on BA 9 or on BA 46. Each patient underwent 10 sessions of 1. Hz-rTMS for 2. weeks. The Hamilton and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scales (HDRS, MADRS) were used under blind conditions to assess the therapeutic response (50% improvement). A Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used to compare the depression rating scales scores obtained before and after the 10 rTMS sessions for each of the two groups. The therapeutic results in the two groups were compared using the Mann-Whitney-Wilcoxon test. We also reported the effect sizes using Hedges's g. Results: Fifteen patients were included. Stimulation of both BA 9 (n= 7) and BA 46 (n= 8) led to similar therapeutic responses in the two groups (with moderate effect size), such as the mean decrease in HDRS (BA 9: p= 0.015; BA 46: p= 0.010) and MADRS (BA 9: p= 0.042; BA 46: p= 0.038) scores. Conclusion: Our results do not come out in favor of one or the other BA. Significance: Stimulation of BA 9 and BA 46 appears to be equally effective in the treatment of depression.
Intracranial Applications of Magnetic Resonance-guided Focused Ultrasound$$$ The ability to focus acoustic energy through the intact skull on to targets millimeters in size represents an important milestone in the development of neurotherapeutics. Magnetic resonance-guided focused ultrasound (MRgFUS) is a novel, noninvasive method, which-under real-time imaging and thermographic guidance-can be used to generate focal intracranial thermal ablative lesions and disrupt the blood-brain barrier. An established treatment for bone metastases, uterine fibroids, and breast lesions, MRgFUS has now been proposed as an alternative to open neurosurgical procedures for a wide variety of indications. Studies investigating intracranial MRgFUS range from small animal preclinical experiments to large, late-phase randomized trials that span the clinical spectrum from movement disorders, to vascular, oncologic, and psychiatric applications. We review the principles of MRgFUS and its use for brain-based disorders, and outline future directions for this promising technology. © 2014 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc.
Management of pediatric status epilepticus$$$ Status epilepticus (SE) is a medical emergency consisting of persistent or recurring seizures without a return to baseline mental status. SE can be divided into subtypes based on seizure types and underlying etiologies. Management should be implemented rapidly and based on pre-determined care pathways. The aim is to terminate seizures while simultaneously identifying and managing precipitant conditions. Seizure management involves "emergent" treatment with benzodiazepines (lorazepam intravenously, midazolam intramuscularly, or diazepam rectally) followed by " urgent" therapy (phenytoin/fosphenytoin, phenobarbital, levetiracetam or valproate sodium). If seizures persist, "refractory" treatments include infusions of midazolam or pentobarbital. Prognosis is dependent on the underlying etiology and seizure persistence. This article reviews the current management strategies for pediatric convulsive SE. © Springer Science+Business Media 2014.
Can intermittent theta burst stimulation as add-on to psychotherapy improve nicotine abstinence? Results from a pilot study$$$ Smoking is among the leading causes of mortality worldwide. Discontinuing smoking can increase life expectancy to the presmoking level. Unaided attempts are often ineffective, strengthening the necessity of cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT), nicotine replacement or pharmacotherapy. Still, relapse rates are high. Recently, a modulation of nicotine craving, which predicts relapse, through transcranial magnetic stimulation to the prefrontal cortex was shown. In a pilot study, we investigated whether 4 sessions of intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) as add-on treatment to CBT reduces nicotine craving and improves long-term abstinence (at 3, 6 and 12 months). Smokers were randomly assigned to a treatment (n = 38) or a sham group (n = 36). Although we did not find reduced craving, we could show higher abstinence rates in the treatment group at 3 months. At 6 and 12 months abstinence rates did not differ significantly. Results at 12 months, however, have to be interpreted cautiously due to significant differences in the dropout rates between the two groups at this time point. We provide first evidence for a beneficial effect of additional iTBS on intermediate nicotine abstinence; however, the low number of iTBS sessions might have prevented longer effects. More lasting effects might be achieved by iTBS maintenance sessions in analogy to the treatment of depression.
Risk factors for serious prescription opioid-related toxicity or overdose among veterans health administration patients$$$ Objective: Prescription opioid use and deaths related to serious toxicity, including overdose, have increased dramatically in the United States since 1999. However, factors associated with serious opioid-related respiratory or central nervous system (CNS) depression or overdose in medical users are not well characterized. The objective of this study was to examine the factors associated with serious toxicity in medical users of prescription opioids. Design: Retrospective, nested, case-control analysis of Veterans Health Administration (VHA) medical, pharmacy, and health care resource utilization administrative data. Subjects: Patients dispensed an opioid by VHA between October 1, 2010 and September 30, 2012 (N=8,987). Methods: Cases (N=817) experienced life-threatening opioid-related respiratory/CNS depression or overdose. Ten controls were randomly assigned to each case (N=8,170). Logistic regression was used to examine associations with the outcome. Results: The strongest associations were maximum prescribed daily morphine equivalent dose (MED)≥100mg (odds ratio [OR]=4.1, 95% confidence interval [CI], 2.6-6.5), history of opioid dependence (OR=3.9, 95% CI, 2.6-5.8), and hospitalization during the 6 months before the serious toxicity or overdose event (OR=2.9, 95% CI, 2.3-3.6). Liver disease, extended-release or long-acting opioids, and daily MED of 20mg or more were also significantly associated. Conclusions: Substantial risk for serious opioid-related toxicity and overdose exists at even relatively low maximum prescribed daily MED, especially in patients already vulnerable due to underlying demographic factors, comorbid conditions, and concomitant use of CNS depressant medications or substances. Screening patients for risk, providing education, and coprescribing naloxone for those at elevated risk may be effective at reducing serious opioid-related respiratory/CNS depression and overdose in medical users of prescription opioids.
(R)-alpha-methylhistamine suppresses inhibitory neurotransmission in hippocampal ca1 pyramidal neurons counteracting propofol-induced amnesia in rats$$$ Background: Propofol is a short-acting, intravenous general anesthetic that is widely used in clinical practice for short procedures; however, it causes depressed cognitive function for several hours thereafter. (R)-alpha-methylhistamine (RAMH), a selective histamine H3 receptor agonist, can enhance memory retention and attenuates memory impairment in rats. In this study, we investigated whether RAMH could rescue propofol-induced memory deficits and the underlying mechanisms partaking in this process. Methods: In the modified Morris water maze (MWM) test, rats were randomized into the following groups: control, propofol (25 mg/kg, i.p., 30 min before training), RAMH (10 mg/kg, i.p., 60 min before training), and propofol plus RAMH. All randomized rats were subjected to 2 days of training, and a probe test was conducted on day 3. Field excitatory postsynaptic potentials were recorded from CA1 neurons in rat hippocampal slices, and long-term potentiation (LTP) was induced by either theta-burst stimulation (TBS) or high-frequency tetanic stimulation (HFS). Spontaneous and miniature inhibitory (sIPSCs, mIPSCs) or excitatory (sEPSCs, mEPSCs) postsynaptic currents were recorded from CA1 pyramidal neurons by whole-cell patch clamp. Results: In the MWM task, propofol injection significantly impaired spatial memory retention. Pretreatment with RAMH reversed propofol-induced memory retention. In hippocampal CA1 slices, propofol perfusion markedly inhibited TBS- but not HFS-induced LTP. Co-perfusion of RAMH reversed the inhibitory effect of propofol on TBS-induced LTP reduction. Furthermore, in hippocampal CA1 pyramidal neurons, RAMH significantly suppressed the frequency but not the amplitude of sIPSCs and mIPSCs and had little effects on both the frequency and amplitude of sEPSCs and mEPSCs. Conclusions: Our results suggest that RAMH, by inhibiting presynaptic GABAergic neurotransmission, suppresses inhibitory neurotransmission in hippocampal CA1 pyramidal neurons, which in turn reverses inhibition of CA1 LTP and the spatial memory deficits induced by propofol in rats. © 2014 John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Efficacy of continuation/maintenance electroconvulsive therapy for the prevention of recurrence of a major depressive episode in adults with unipolar depression: A systematic review$$$ OBJECTIVE: Divergent opinion surrounds the use of continuation/maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (c/mECT) as a recurrence prevention strategy in depression because of limited data on efficacy and adverse effects. In an effort to synthesize what is known about its efficacy, a systematic review of controlled studies reporting efficacy of c/mECT for the prevention of relapse or recurrence of a depressive episode in adults with unipolar major depression was conducted. METHODS: Eleven electronic databases were searched with a 3-stage screening process conducted by the author with an independent review. Quality assessments and data extractions were performed on selected studies using preselected tools. RESULTS: Six studies met the inclusion criteria; these are as follows: 3 randomized controlled trials, 1 small nonrandomized controlled trial, and 2 retrospective chart reviews. All participants had undergone an index course of electroconvulsive therapy with positive effects before receiving c/mECT or control/comparison interventions. One randomized controlled trial and retrospective chart review showed no significant difference between c/mECT and control/comparison interventions; the remaining 4 studies showed a significantly superior effect of c/mECT for the prevention of recurrence of depression. Monotherapy of c/mECT was less efficacious than c/mECT in combination with antidepressant medication, as was c/mECT delivered on a schedule, which was unresponsive to early signs of recurrence. CONCLUSIONS: This review suggests that c/mECT is efficacious for the prevention of relapse/recurrence of major depression and that efficacy is increased when c/mECT is provided in combination with antidepressant medication and at flexible treatment intervals, responsive to early signs of recurrence. Copyright © 2014 by Lippincott Williams &Wilkins.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of prefrontal cortex: An auditory event-related potential and proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy study$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive intervention altering neural plasticity by modulating neuronal excitability of pre- and postsynaptic neuron populations, which has been shown to improve depression symptoms and cognition. We investigated the effects of a single session of 20 min of 2 mA left-prefrontal anodal versus sham stimulation on auditory event-related potentials (ERPs) in 11 male and 5 female healthy subjects (mean age of 28.6 [SD 6.2] years) by employing a randomized single-blind crossover design. Stimulation effects on cortical glutamate (Glu) and glutamine (Glx) levels were subsequently measured in 12 of the 16 healthy subjects in a 3 T proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy scan. tDCS was associated with a significant increase of N1 amplitudes while smaller P3b amplitudes correlated with higher cortical Glu and Glx levels in the stimulated brain area when performing an auditory go/no-go discrimination task. tDCS did not change mismatch negativity, nor task performance or cortical Glu/Glx levels which, together with N1 amplitudes, depended on stimulation order ("sham" versus "active"). Increased N1 amplitudes are consistent with higher levels of cortical excitability following prefrontal anodal tDCS. The failure to replicate Glu/Glx changes with tDCS may have been masked by between-session carry-over effects while ceiling effects may have masked tDCS effects on task performance.
The chemical induction of seizures in psychiatric therapy: Were flurothyl (Indoklon) and pentylenetetrazol (Metrazol) abandoned prematurely?$$$ BACKGROUND: Camphor-induced and pentylenetetrazol-induced brain seizures were first used to relieve psychiatric illnesses in 1934. Electrical inductions (electroconvulsive therapy, ECT) followed in 1938. These were easier and less expensive to administer and quickly became the main treatment method. In 1957, seizure induction with the inhalant anesthetic flurothyl was tested and found to be clinically effective.For many decades, complaints of memory loss have stigmatized and inhibited ECT use. Many variations of electricity in form, electrode placement, dosing, and stimulation method offered some relief, but complaints still limit its use. METHODS: The experience with chemical inductions of seizures was reviewed based on searches for reports of each agent in Medline and in the archival files of original studies by the early investigators. FINDINGS: Camphor injections were inefficient and were rapidly replaced by pentylenetetrazol. These were effective but difficult to administer. Flurothyl inhalation-induced seizures were as clinically effective as electrical inductions with lesser effects on memory functions. Flurothyl inductions were discarded because of the persistence of the ethereal aroma and the fears induced in the professional staff that they might seize. CONCLUSIONS: Persistent complaints of memory loss plague electricity induced seizures. Flurothyl induced seizures are clinically as effective without the memory effects associated with electricity. Reexamination of seizure inductions using flurothyl in modern anesthesia facilities is encouraged to relieve medication-resistant patients with mood disorders and catatonia. © 2014 by Lippincott Williams and Wilkins.
Evidence-based guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)$$$ A group of European experts was commissioned to establish guidelines on the therapeutic use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) from evidence published up until March 2014, regarding pain, movement disorders, stroke, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, consciousness disorders, tinnitus, depression, anxiety disorders, obsessive-compulsive disorder, schizophrenia, craving/addiction, and conversion. Despite unavoidable inhomogeneities, there is a sufficient body of evidence to accept with level A (definite efficacy) the analgesic effect of high-frequency (HF) rTMS of the primary motor cortex (M1) contralateral to the pain and the antidepressant effect of HF-rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). A Level B recommendation (probable efficacy) is proposed for the antidepressant effect of low-frequency (LF) rTMS of the right DLPFC, HF-rTMS of the left DLPFC for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia, and LF-rTMS of contralesional M1 in chronic motor stroke. The effects of rTMS in a number of indications reach level C (possible efficacy), including LF-rTMS of the left temporoparietal cortex in tinnitus and auditory hallucinations. It remains to determine how to optimize rTMS protocols and techniques to give them relevance in routine clinical practice. In addition, professionals carrying out rTMS protocols should undergo rigorous training to ensure the quality of the technical realization, guarantee the proper care of patients, and maximize the chances of success. Under these conditions, the therapeutic use of rTMS should be able to develop in the coming years.
Ketamine administration in depressive disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Introduction: Ketamine's efficacy in depressive disorders has been established in several controlled trials. The aim of the present study was to determine whether or not ketamine administration significantly improves depressive symptomatology in depression and more specifically in major depressive disorder (MDD), bipolar depression, resistant depression (non-ECT studies), and as an anesthetic agent in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for resistant depression (ECT studies). Secondary outcomes were the duration of ketamine's effect, the efficacy on suicidal ideations, the existence of a dose effect, and the safety/tolerance of the treatment. Methods: Studies were included if they met the following criteria (without any language or date restriction): design: randomized controlled trials, intervention: ketamine administration, participants: diagnosis of depression, and evaluation of severity based on a validated scale. We calculated standardized mean differences (SMDs) with 95 % confidence intervals (CIs) for each study. We used fixed and random effects models. Heterogeneity was assessed using the I2 statistic. Results: We included nine non-ECT studies in our quantitative analysis (192 patients with major depressive disorder and 34 patients with bipolar depression). Overall, depression scores were significantly decreased in the ketamine groups compared to those in the control groups (SMD=-0.99; 95 % CI -1.23, -0.75; p<0.01). Ketamine's efficacy was confirmed in MDD (resistant to previous pharmacological treatments or not) (SMD=-0.91; 95 % CI -1.19,-0.64; p<0.01), in bipolar depression (SMD=-1.34; 95 % CI -1.94, -0.75), and in drug-free patients as well as patients under medication. Four ECT trials (118 patients) were included in our quantitative analysis. One hundred and three patients were diagnosed with major depressive disorder and 15 with bipolar depression. Overall, depression scores were significantly improved in the 58 patients receiving ketamine in ECT anesthesia induction compared to the 60 patients (SMD=-0.56; 95 % CI -1.10, -0.02; p=0.04; I2=52.4 %). The duration of ketamine's effects was assessed in only two non-ECT studies and seemed to persist for 2-3 days; this result needs to be confirmed. Three of four studies found significant decrease of suicidal thoughts and one found no difference between groups, but suicidal ideations were only studied by the suicide item of the depressive scales. It was not possible to determine a dose effect; 0.5 mg/kg was used in the majority of the studies. Some cardiovascular events were described (mostly transient blood pressure elevation that may require treatment), and ketamine's use should remain cautious in patients with a cardiovascular history. Conclusion: The present meta-analysis confirms ketamine's efficacy in depressive disorders in non-ECT studies, as well as in ECT studies. The results of this first meta-analysis are encouraging, and further studies are warranted to detail efficacy in bipolar disorders and other specific depressed populations. Middle- and long-term efficacy and safety have yet to be explored. Extrapolation should be cautious: Patients included had no history of psychotic episodes and no history of alcohol or substance use disorders, which is not representative of all the depressed patients that may benefit from this therapy. © 2014 Springer-Verlag.
Feasibility study of a treatment by rTMS in fibromyalgia, about 20 patients$$$ Fibromyalgia is a common chronic painful syndrome, whose etiology remains uncertain. Because no specific treatment is yet known, its treatment is showing a certain complexity, and the low efficiency of currently available therapies is not the only example. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the premotor cortex has demonstrated efficacy on pain by a few controlled studies. And with very good tolerance after the experience of its use in psychiatry for the treatment of major depressive episode, it appears as a promising non-pharmacological technique. Twenty patients took part in this open trial and were randomized into 2 protocols. The results of our study showed the feasibility of such a treatment protocol in clinical practice, with an efficiency improvement experienced, quality of life, pain, thymia, but with a loss of effectiveness after a few weeks without treatment. Tolerance was also very good with no side effects study for output. Further studies with completion of maintenance sessions are nevertheless necessary in order to integrate permanently rTMS in the treatment strategy for this disease.
Electroconvulsive therapy and aerobic exercise training increased BDNF and ameliorated depressive symptoms in patients suffering from treatment-resistant major depressive disorder$$$ Background: To treat patients suffering from treatment-resistant major depressive disorder (TR-MDD), research has focused on electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and aerobic exercise training (AET). Brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) seems to be key in MDD. The aims of the present study were therefore two-fold, to investigate in a three-arm interventional study the differential effects of ECT, ECT plus AET, and AET alone in patients suffering from TR-MDD on 1. depressive symptoms and 2. BDNF. Methods: 60 patients with TR-MDD (mean age: 31 years; 31.6% female patients) were randomly assigned either to the ECT, ECT + AET, or AET condition. The AET condition consisted of treadmill exercise for 30 min, three times a week. Both depression severity and BDNF levels were assessed at baseline and 4 weeks later. All patients were further treated with an SSRI standard medication. Results: BDNF levels increased over time in all three study conditions. After completion of the intervention program, the ECT group showed significantly higher BDNF levels compared to the ECT + AET and the AET conditions. Depressive symptoms decreased in all three conditions over time. The combination of ECT + AET led to a significantly greater decrease than in either the ECT or AET alone conditions. BDNF levels were not associated with symptoms of depression. Conclusions: The pattern of results suggests that ECT, AET and particularly their combination are promising directions for treatment patients suffering from TR-MDD, and that it remains unclear to what extent BDNF is key and a reliable biomarker for TR-MDD. © 2014 Elsevier Ltd.
Intra-articular lidocaine versus intravenous analgesia and sedation for manual closed reduction of acute anterior shoulder dislocation: An updated meta-analysis$$$ Study Objective To compare intra-articular lidocaine (IAL) with intravenous analgesia and sedation (IVAS) for manual closed reduction of acute anterior shoulder dislocation.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic pain$$$ Current data suggest that transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has the potential to be an effective and complimentary treatment modality for patients with chronic neuropathic pain syndromes. The success of TMS for pain relief depends on the parameters of the stimulation delivered, the location of neural target, and duration of treatment. TMS can be used to excite or inhibit underlying neural tissue that depends on long-term potentiation and long-term depression, respectively. Long-term randomized controlled studies are warranted to establish the efficacy of repetitive TMS in patients with various chronic pain syndromes.
Response, remission and drop-out rates following high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating major depression: a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials.$$$ Meta-analyses have shown that high-frequency (HF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has antidepressant properties when compared with sham rTMS. However, its overall response and remission rates in major depression (MD) remain unclear. Thus, we have systematically and quantitatively assessed the efficacy of HF-rTMS for MD based on randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials (RCTs). We searched the literature from 1995 through to July 2012 using MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, SCOPUS, and ProQuest Dissertations & Theses. We used a random-effects model, odds ratios (ORs) and the number needed to treat (NNT). Data from 29 RCTs were included, totaling 1371 subjects with MD. Following approximately 13 sessions, 29.3% and 18.6% of subjects receiving HF-rTMS were classified as responders and remitters, respectively (compared with 10.4% and 5% of those receiving sham rTMS). The pooled OR was 3.3 (p < 0.0001) for both response and remission rates (with associated NNTs of 6 and 8, respectively). Furthermore, we found HF-rTMS to be equally effective as an augmentation strategy or as a monotherapy for MD, and when used in samples with primary unipolar MD or in mixed samples with unipolar and bipolar MD. Also, alternative stimulation parameters were not associated with differential efficacy estimates. Moreover, baseline depression severity and drop-out rates at study end were comparable between the HF-rTMS and sham rTMS groups. Finally, heterogeneity between the included RCTs was not statistically significant. HF-rTMS seems to be associated with clinically relevant antidepressant effects and with a benign tolerability profile.
Is the transcranial magnetic stimulation an adjunctive treatment in fibromyalgia patients?$$$ Objective: To investigate the effectiveness of low-frequency (LF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the motor cortex area in fbromyalgia patients who are resistant to medical treatment.
The potential of transcranial magnetic stimulation for population-based application: A region-based illustrated brief overview$$$ The awareness of the global trends in neuroscience study, especially in the cognitive neuroscience field, should be increased. One notable approach is the use of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) not only as a research tool but also as a choice for treatment and rehabilitation in neurological disorders, such as post-stroke hemiplegia, visuospatial neglect syndrome, Alzheimer's disease (AD) and psychiatric conditions such as major depression and schizophrenia. All of these occur in significant numbers in highly populated regions. This paper briefly discusses the basic protocols and potential benefits of using TMS with the aim of providing insight that is useful in the design of future public health strategies in highly populated regions with a large neurocognitive burden of disease where this technique is currently underemployed.
High frequency left-side repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for replacing treatment of depression by electroconvulsive therapy: a meta analysis$$$ Objective: To systematically evaluate whether high frequency left-side repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HFL-rTMS) can replace electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for treating patients with depression.
A systematic approach to pharmacotherapy for geriatric major depression$$$ The broadening use of antidepressants among older Americans has not been associated with a notable decrease in the burden of geriatric depression. This article, based on a selective review of the literature, explores several explanations for this paradox. The authors propose that the effectiveness of antidepressants depends in large part on the way they are used. Evidence supports that antidepressant pharmacotherapy leads to better outcomes when guided by a treatment algorithm as opposed to attempting to individualize treatment. Several published guidelines and pharmacotherapy algorithms developed for the treatment of geriatric depression are reviewed, and an updated algorithm proposed.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depressive disorder - A randomized, single-blind, antidepressants-controlled study$$$ Aim: The aim of our randomized, single-blind study was to assess the efficacy of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in comparison with common antidepressants of the third or fourth generation in patients with depressive disorder. Methods: Forty patients diagnosed with a depressive episode or recurrent depressive disorder were included in the study. They were randomised into two groups. One group was treated after one-week wash-out period with stimulation, the other with antidepressants. Every patient was rated before and after the treatment using Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD) and Montgomery Asberg depression rating scale (MADRS). The stimulation was administered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, the stimulation frequency was 15 Hz, the intensity was 110% of resting motor threshold, the whole number of pulses during one session was 1,500 and the number of sessions was 15. Patients in a control group were treated with antidepressants. Results: In the stimulation group, the psychopathology score decreased statistically significantly (p = 0.001) on both scales (HAMD: from 21.15 ± 3.63 to 9.05 ± 3.76; MADRS: from 28.95 ± 4.25 to 13.00 ± 4.89). The psychopathology score in the control group of patients treated with antidepressants also decreased statistically significantly (p = 0.001) on both scales (HAMD: from 21.05 ± 2.79 to 9.55 ± 3.24; MADRS from 29.70 ± 3.92 to 13.55 ± 3.93). The difference between both groups was not statistically significant. There were 14 responders in the stimulation group and 13 responders in the control group. Conclusion: Our study confirmed that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation was effective in the treatment of depressive disorder and this effect was not inferior to the effect of common antidepressants.
Efficacy of prefrontal theta-burst stimulation in refractory depression: A randomized sham-controlled study$$$ Theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation could modulate cortical excitability and has the potential to treat refractory depression. However, there has been a lack of large randomized studies of the antidepressant efficacy of different forms of theta-burst stimulation, such as intermittent and continuous theta-burst stimulation. A randomized sham-controlled study was conducted to investigate antidepressant efficacy of theta-burst stimulation and to compare efficacy among left-prefrontal intermittent theta-burst stimulation, right-prefrontal continuous theta-burst stimulation and a combination of them in patients showing different levels of antidepressant refractoriness. A group of 60 treatment-refractory patients with recurrent major depressive disorder were recruited and randomized to four groups (Group A: continuous theta-burst stimulation; Group B: intermittent theta-burst stimulation; Group C: a combination of continuous and intermittent theta-burst stimulation; and Group D: sham theta-burst stimulation; 15 patients were included in each group). After 2 weeks of theta-burst stimulation treatment, depression improved in all groups. Groups B and C had better antidepressant responses (as reflected by % decreases in depression score) than Groups A and D (P = 0.001, post hoc analysis: B > A, B > D, C > A, and C > D), even after controlling for age and refractoriness scores. The mean antidepressant effect was highest in Group C and followed by that in Group B. Additionally, a significant placebo effect was found in patients with low refractoriness; this disappeared in patients with moderate-to-high refractoriness. A significant correlation existed between refractoriness scores and treatment responses. Treatment refractoriness was a significant factor negatively predicting efficacy of theta-burst stimulation (P = 0.039). This randomized sham-controlled study demonstrated that active theta-burst stimulation is a well-tolerated form of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and has good antidepressant efficacy, particularly in depressed subjects within a certain range of treatment refractoriness.
Effects of immediate-release opioid on memory functioning: A randomized-controlled study in patients receiving sustained-release opioids$$$ Background The effects of opioid medication on cognitive functioning in patients with cancer and non-cancer pain remain unclear.
Emerging antidepressants to treat major depressive disorder$$$ Depression is a common disorder with an annual risk of a depressive episode in the United States of 6.6%. Only 30-40% of patients remit with antidepressant monotherapy, leaving 60-70% of patients who do not optimally respond to therapy. Unremitted depressive patients are at increased risk for suicide. Considering the prevalence of treatment resistant depression and its consequences, treatment optimization is imperative. This review summarizes the latest treatment modalities for major depressive disorder including pharmacotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and psychotherapy. Through advancements in research to better understand the pathophysiology of depression, advances in treatment will be realized.
Dual-hemisphere repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for rehabilitation of poststroke aphasia: A randomized, double-blind clinical trial$$$ Background. Recent neuroimaging studies on poststroke aphasia revealed maladaptive cortical changes in both hemispheres, yet their functional contribution in language recovery remains elusive. The aim of this study was to evaluate the long-term efficacy of dual-hemisphere repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on poststroke aphasia.
Augmentative transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in poor responder depressed patients: A follow-up study$$$ Objectives Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive neurostimulation technique that has received increasing interest in the area of mood disorders over the last several years. While acute, double-blind, sham-controlled studies have already reported positive findings in terms of efficacy and safety for tDCS, follow-up data are lacking. This need prompted the present follow-up study, which assesses post-acute effects of tDCS (no maintenance stimulation was performed), in the mid-term, in a sample of major depressives. Methods After completing an acute, open trial of tDCS, 23 outpatients with either major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder entered a naturalistic follow-up (T1) with clinical evaluations at one week (T2), 1 month (T3), and 3 months (T4). A quantitative analysis of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D), Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), and Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) total scores, through repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) (T1-T4) and paired t-test for comparing specific time points (T1-T2, T2-T3, and T3-T4), was performed. In addition, a qualitative analysis on the basis of treatment response and remission (HAM-D) was performed. Results Even though a progressive reduction of follow-up completers was observed from T2 to T4 (95.6% at T2, 65.2% at T3, and 47.8% at T4), the antidepressant effects of acute tDCS persisted over 3 months in almost half of the sample. Of note, no post-acute side effects emerged during the follow-up observation. The most frequent causes of drop-out from this study included major modifications in therapeutic regimen (30%) and poor adherence to follow-up visits (17%). Conclusions In this mid-term, open, follow-up study, tDCS showed mixed results. Further controlled studies are urgently needed to assess its effects beyond the acute phase.
The acute effects of accelerated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on suicide risk in unipolar depression: Preliminary results$$$ Background: Suicide is a major health concern. Effective acute interventions are lacking. Recent studies have suggested an acute decrease of suicidal ideations following repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS). However, placebo effects could not be excluded. We aimed to evaluate the acute effect of accelerated intermittent theta burst stimulation (TBS) on suicide risk in depression. Subjects and methods: In 12 suicidal therapy-resistant depressed patients accelerated intermittent TBS was delivered on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a randomized, sham-controlled cross-over fashion. Patients received 20 sessions spread over 4 days. The change in severity of suicidal ideation was measured by the Beck Scale of Suicidal Ideation (SSI) before and after treatment. Results: We found a significant decrease of SSI score over time; unrelated to active or sham stimulation. Furthermore, the attenuation of suicidal thinking was not merely related to depression severity changes caused by TBS. Conclusions: Accelerated TBS treatment in depressed suicidal patients was found to be safe and well tolerated and may have the potential to acutely decrease suicidal ideations. However, the efficacy compared to sham has not yet been proven and further sham-controlled research including longer follow-up is needed to substantiate these preliminary findings.
The efficacy and safety of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: The results from a large multicenter french RCT$$$ Context The aim of this study was to assess whether the combination of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and venlafaxine (150-225 mg/day) is effective and safe for treatment-resistant unipolar depression (TRD).
Recent advances in late-life mood disorders$$$ Late-life mood disorders are prevalent and can also have a major impact on an individual's physical health, family and society as a whole. Many symptoms commonly seen in depressive disorders are similar to the symptoms seen with medical illnesses. Numerous elements make up a complete geriatric mental health work-up. The major treatment options are psychotherapy, pharmacotherapy and neuromodulation. These approaches are evaluated to aid the clinician in making recommendations for evaluation and treatment.
Neuromodulation therapies in the elderly depressed patient$$$ Depression in the elderly is a serious condition, and if not treated effectively, it can increase morbidity and mortality. In addition, it is associated with cognitive impairment and multiple medical problems. Frailty is also associated with depression. Depression in this age group can easily become resistant to the usual treatment, even with adequate medication and or psychotherapy, and it is difficult to achieve remission. It is imperative that other methods to treat depression such as neuromodulation therapies, also known as brain stimulation therapies or techniques, should be used earlier than later in the disease to control effectively the depression and achieve a sense of well being in the elderly. Neuromodulation therapies available at this time are electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), and deep brain stimulation (DBS); these are invasive and are not office-based. Noninvasive therapies that are available are repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and direct transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Other than ECT, limited data are available for other modes of therapy, but information available to date shows promise in treating this debilitating illness in the elderly.
Health-related quality-of-life of people with HIV in the era of combination antiretroviral treatment: A cross-sectional comparison with the general population$$$ Background: Combination antiretroviral therapy has substantially increased life-expectancy in people living with HIV, but the eff ects of chronic infection on health-related quality of life (HRQoL) are unclear. We aimed to compare HRQoL in people with HIV and the general population. Methods: We merged two UK cross-sectional surveys: the ASTRA study, which recruited participants aged 18 years or older with HIV from eight outpatient clinics in the UK between Feb 1, 2011, and Dec 31, 2012; and the Health Survey for England (HSE) 2011, which measures health and health-related behaviours in individuals living in a random sample of private households in England. The ASTRA study has data for 3258 people (response rate 64%) and HSE for 8503 people aged 18 years or older (response rate 66%). HRQoL was assessed with the Euroqol 5D questionnaire 3 level (EQ-5D-3L) instrument that measures health on fi ve domains, each with three levels. The responses are scored on a scale where a value of 1 represents perfect health and a value of 0 represents death, known as the utility score. We used multivariable models to compare utility scores between the HIV and general population samples with adjustment for several sociodemographic factors. Findings: 3151 (97%) of 3258 of participants in ASTRA and 7424 (87%) of 8503 participants in HSE had complete EQ-5D-3L data. The EQ-5D-3L utility score was lower for people with HIV compared with that in the general population (marginal eff ect in utility score adjusted for age, and sex/sexuality -0·11; 95% CI -0·13 to -0·10; p<0·0001). HRQoL was lower for people with HIV for all EQ-5D-3L domains, particularly for anxiety/depression. The diff erence in utility score was signifi cant after adjustment for several additional sociodemographic variables (ethnic origin, education, having children, and smoking status) and was apparent across all CD4 cell count, antiretroviral therapy, and viral load strata, but was greatest for those people diagnosed with HIV in earlier calendar periods. Reduction in HRQoL with age was not greater in people with HIV than in the general population (pinteraction>0·05). Interpretation: People living with HIV have signifi cantly lower HRQoL than do the general population, despite most HIV positive individuals in this study being virologically and immunologically stable. Although this diff erence could in part be due to factors other than HIV, this study provides additional evidence of the loss of health that can be avoided through prevention of further HIV infections.
Depression in the elderly$$$ A 74-year-old woman with hypertension that is well controlled with hydrochlorothiazide is brought by her daughter for an evaluation. The daughter states that her mother is withdrawn, often tearful, and at times appears to have memory problems but has no history of psychiatric illness. The patient is a retired teacher who is widowed and has lived independently for several years. During the last few months, she has stopped going to church and visiting friends. The patient's symptoms include irritability, anhedonia, fatigue, a 4.5-kg (10-lb) weight loss over a period of 3 months, and difficulty sleeping. She feels like a burden to her family. How should she be treated?
Does non-invasive brain stimulation improve cognition in major depressive disorder? A systematic review$$$ Non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques, such as repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), have been increasingly used in different contexts to improve cognitive performance and ameliorate depression symptoms. Considering that major depression is usually accompanied by cognitive deficits, NIBS technique could be also helpful to improve cognition in depressed patients. In this systematic review, we researched for articles published in PubMed/MEDLINE from the first date available to June 2014 that assessed cognitive performance in patients with depression before and after NIBS. Out of 191 references, 25 (16 for rTMS and 9 for tDCS) studies matched our eligibility criteria. Non-invasive brain stimulation interventions, such as rTMS and tDCS seem to be a promising tool for cognitive enhancement in MDD, although several issues and biases (e.g., blinding issues, tests without correction for multiple comparisons, placebo effects and exploratory analyses, practice effects) hinder us to conclude that NIBS technique improve cognition in patients with depression. We discussed possible shortcomings of the included studies, such as the use of different depression treatment protocols, the possibility that some findings were false-positive results of the employed cognitive tasks and whether cognition improvement could have been an epiphenomenon secondary to depression improvement. To conclude, whereas these non-pharmacological, non-invasive techniques are particularly appealing for cognitive improvement in depression, further studies are still warranted to disentangle whether NIBS technique induce positive effects on cognition beyond their antidepressant effects.
Psychological treatments for cognitive dysfunction in major depressive disorder: Current evidence and perspectives$$$ Background: Patients with mood disorder, both unipolar and bipolar, present with significant cognitive dysfunction while unwell and this persists into euthymia. This impairment is to an extent independent of mood symptoms, has significant implications for prognosis, and exerts an effect on overall functioning. Neurobiological data suggest that the cognitive dysfunction may relate to underlying dysfunction of pre-frontal cortical areas of the brain and their connections with limbic structures. Methods: In this paper we examine the theoretical and neurobiological rationale for psychological treatments which focus on the treatment of cognitive dysfunction. We systematically review preliminary studies using cognitive rehabilitation (CR) based techniques in mood disorders, focussing on clinical contexts in which CR may be particularly likely to be important. In addition we examine important methodological issues in developing such an approach. Results: There is little evidence of traditional psychotherapies having a beneficial effect on cognitive function. However, there are a small number of studies examining specific CR in major depression and in bipolar disorder. The studies are small and inconclusive. However data on neuropsychological function and neurobiology of major depression suggest that this is an approach which deserves further attention and research. Conclusion: Further research is required in carefully selected populations, using well defined CR techniques and appropriate comparator treatments. Combination of these techniques with pharmacological and broader psychological treatments is likely to be most effective.
Transcranial brain stimulation techniques for major depression: Should we extend TMS lessons to tDCS?$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are non-invasive brain stimulation techniques that, by means of magnetic fields and low intensity electrical current, respectively, aim to interefere with and modulate cortical excitability, at the level of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, in patients with major depression and poor response to standard antidepressants. While the clinical efficacy of TMS in major depression has been extensively investigated over the last 10 years, tDCS has attracted research interest only in the last years, with fewer randomized clinical trials (RCTs) in the field. Nevertheless, in spite of the different rationale and mechanism of action of the two techniques, tDCS recent acquisitions, in relation to the treatment of major depression, seem to parallel those previously obtained with TMS, in terms of treatment duration to achieve optimal benefit and patient's history of drugresistance. After briefly introducing the two techniques, the article examines possible common pathways of clinical use for TMS and tDCS, emerging from recent RCTs and likely orienting future investigation with non invasive brain stimulation for the treatment of major depression.
[The effectiveness of early rehabilitation of the patients presenting with ischemic stroke]$$$ In this paper we evaluate the clinical effectiveness of rehabilitation of 92 patients who survived after acute ischemic stroke and received the combined treatment with the use of transcranial magnetic stimulation (the study group, n=32). The first control group (n=30) included the patients given transcranial magnetic stimulation in the function of placebo (n=30) and the second control group was comprised of the patients who received low-frequency magnetic therapy (n=30). The course of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) resulted in the significant regression of the locomotor deficiency in the patients of the study group compared with those in both control groups (χ2>3,8). In addition, a significant decrease in anxiety and depression was documented in the patients of the study group. Dynamics of these characteristics in the patients of the control groups group was significantly less pronounced (χ2>3,8). The well apparent improvement of the cognitive function evaluated with the help of the MMSE test was observed in the patients of the study group and control group 2, but this effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation was significantly more pronounced than that of low-frequency magnetic therapy (χ2>3,8). Transcranial magnetic stimulation significantly normalized cerebral hemodynamics on the side of the stroke-affected hemisphere and improved the daily activities of the patients. Studying the long-term results within 6 months after the onset of rehabilitation in the hospital environment, most patients rated their health with improving. The evaluation of long-term results of the treatment during the 6 month rehabilitation period demonstrated that the majority of the patients reported the marked improvement of their health status.
Using biomarkers to predict treatment response in major depressive disorder: Evidence from past and present studies$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a heterogeneous condition with a variable response to a wide range of treatments. Despite intensive efforts, no biomarker has been identified to date that can reliably predict response or nonresponse to any form of treatment, nor has one been identified that can be used to identify those at high risk of developing treatment-resistant depression (ie, nonresponse to a sequence of treatments delivered for adequate duration and intensity). This manuscript reviews some past areas of research that have proved informative, such as studies using indexes of hypercortisolism or sleep disturbance, and more recent research findings using measures of inflammation and different indicators of regional cortical activation to predict treatment response. It is concluded that, although no method has yet been demonstrated to be sufficiently accurate to be applied in clinical practice, progress has been made. It thus seems likely that-at some point in the not-too-distant future-it will be possible to prospectively identify, at least for some MDD patients, the likelihood of response or nonresponse to cognitive therapy or various antidepressant medications.
Post-stroke Depression Therapy: Where are we now?$$$ Post-stroke depression is an important psychological consequence of ischemic stroke, and affects around one third of stroke patients at any time post-stroke. It has a negative impact on patient morbidity and mortality, and as such development of effective post-stroke recognition and treatment strategies are very important. There are several therapeutic strategies for post-stroke depression, including both pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches. In this review, we present evidence regarding the underlying biology of post-stroke depression, commonalities between post-stroke depression and Major Depressive Disorder and explore several treatment approaches, including antidepressant therapy, psychotherapy, surgical therapy, electroconvulsive therapy, acupuncture, music therapy and natural products. Further experimental and clinical studies are required, particularly in emerging fields such as the role of nutraceuticals in the treatment of stroke.
Effects of Exercise on Anxiety and Depression Disorders: Review of Meta-Analyses and neurobiological mechanisms$$$ Anxiety and depression are the most frequently diagnosed psychological diseases showing a high co-morbidity. They have a severe impact on the lives of the persons concerned. Many meta-analytical studies suggested a positive anxiolytic and depression-reducing effect of exercise programs. The aim of the present article is to synthesize metaanalyses on the effects of exercise on anxiety and depression and to describe average effect sizes. For this purpose 37 meta-analyses were included reporting 50 effect sizes for anxiety scores of 42,264 participants and depression scores of 48,207 persons. The average documented anxiolytic effect of exercise in these reviews was small, 0.34. In contrast, the effect of exercise on depression was significantly higher and at a moderate level, 0.56. Data of randomized controlled trials suggest higher sizes for the effect of exercise on anxiety and depression leading to increases up to moderate and large effects, respectively. Additionally, exercise seems to be more beneficial for patients compared to participants within a non-clinical, normal range of psychological disease. Especially for the effect of exercise on anxiety, more high quality meta-analyses of randomized controlled trials are needed. Finally, possible neurobiological explanations are suggested for the positive effect of exercise on psychological disorders like anxiety and depression.
Bupropion in the depression-related sexual dysfunction: A systematic review$$$ Depression is the most prevalent psychiatric disorder (16.6%) and is frequently associated with impairments in several areas. Sexual dysfunction (SD) is a prevalent problem with rates ranging from 40-45% in adult women and 20- 30% in adult men. A relationship between depression and sexual dysfunction has been shown in the literature although the mechanisms of this association are not yet clear. Many antidepressants, especially selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), list sexual dysfunction as a side effect. New drug alternatives with fewer side effects have been proposed, and bupropion is one of them. This study aims to review the literature on bupropion and its impact in sexual function on depressed subjects. Most of the studies have noted that bupropion is not only as effective as other antidepressants but has the advantage of a lower impact on sexual functioning. Some other studies have found that bupropion can even enhance sexual function in certain individuals. Bupropion is also effective, when combined with other antidepressants, in treating emergent sexual dysfunction. Bupropion may be an alternative treatment for depression that does not include the sexual side effects associated with most of the prescribed antidepressants available; however, additional research is required.
Current directions in non-invasive low intensity electric brain stimulation for depressive disorder$$$ Non-invasive stimulation of the human brain to improve depressive symptoms is increasingly finding its way in clinical settings as a viable form of somatic treatment. Following successful modulation of neural excitability with subsequent antidepressant effects, neural polarization by administrating weak direct currents to the scalp has gained renewed interest. A new wave of basic and clinical studies seems to underscore the potential therapeutic value of direct current stimulation in the treatment of depression. Issues concerning the lack of mechanistic insights into the workings of modifying brain function through neural polarization and how this process translates to its antidepressant properties calls for additional research. The range of its clinical applicability has yet to be established.
A review of current clinical practice in the treatment of major depression$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a method of using high-strength pulsed magnetic fields to induce a depolarizing electric current in a localized area of the cerebral cortex. A large, replicated body of multisite, randomized sham-controlled studies has established the safety and effectiveness of a specific TMS device for the treatment of patients with pharmacoresistant major depressive disorder. This chapter reviews the current understanding of the physiologic effects and presumed mechanism of effect of TMS as an antidepressant. In addition, the scientific evidence base for its safety and efficacy are reviewed, along with a summary of its current acceptance by professional societies. The introduction of TMS as an officebased treatment in clinical psychiatry has introduced the need to understand the basic elements of organization and implementation of a TMS treatment option within a psychiatric clinical practice setting. This chapter provides a broad overview and specific recommendations for the organization of a TMS treatment team, and presents a basic framework and clinical approach to the implementation of TMS as a therapeutic technique. Aspects of patient diagnostic assessment, treatment planning, treatment team roles and responsibilities, and patient safety are reviewed.
Protocol for depression treatment utilizing H-coil deep brain stimulation$$$ The Brainsway Deep TMS System for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) was cleared by the FDA on January 2013 for the treatment of depressive episodes in adult patients suffering from MDD who failed to achieve satisfactory improvement from previous antidepressant medication treatment in the current episode, based on a large, prospective, double blind, randomized, controlled multicenter trial. This chapter presents the detailed protocol of this multicenter trial.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the orbitofrontal cortex for obsessive-compulsive disorder: A double-blind, crossover study$$$ This pilot study was designed to assess the efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the right orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) by means of a double-cone coil in patients suffering from obsessive-compulsive disorder. We hypothesized that low-frequency stimulation of the OFC would lead to a reduction in clinical symptoms, as measured on the Yale- Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS). A randomized, double-blind, crossover design was implemented with two 1-week treatment periods (active stimulation versus sham stimulation) separated by a 1-month washout period. Concomitantly, a subgroup of patients underwent a positron emission tomography (PET) scan after each stimulation sequence. Statistical analyses compared the Y-BOCS scores at the end of each period. At day 7, we observed a significant decrease from baseline in the Y-BOCS scores, after both active (Po0.01) and sham stimulation (P = 0.02). This decrease tended to be larger after active stimulation than after sham stimulation: -6 (-29, 0) points versus -2 (-20, 4) points (P = 0.07). Active versus sham PET scan contrasts showed that stimulation was related to a bilateral decrease in the metabolism of the OFC. The OFC should definitely be regarded as a key neuroanatomical target for rTMS, as it is easier to reach than either the striatum or the subthalamic nucleus, structures favored in neurosurgical approaches.
The effect of electroconvulsive therapy on neurocognitive function in treatment-resistant bipolar disorder depression$$$ Objective: To compare the effects of right unilateral (RUL) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and algorithm-based pharmacologic treatment (APT) on neurocognitive function in treatment-resistant bipolar disorder depression. Method: Inpatients with DSM-IV-TR-diagnosed, treatment-resistant bipolar depression, who were acutely admitted to 1 of the 7 clinical study centers in Norway, were recruited from May 2008 to April 2011 into a prospective, randomized controlled, 6-week acute treatment trial. General neurocognitive function was assessed with the MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB), and retrograde memory for autobiographical events was assessed with the Autobiographical Memory Interview-Short Form (AMI-SF) before and shortly after (mean = 23.5 days) a trial with either RUL brief-pulse ECT (mean dose = 233.3 mC) or APT. Results: Seventy-three patients entered, and 39 (n<inf>ECT</inf> = 19, n<inf>APT</inf> = 20) completed. Both groups showed improvements in all MCCB domain scores, with no significant differences between the study groups (no interaction effect: F<inf>1,37</inf> = 1.52, P = NS). Improvements in neurocognitive performance were significantly correlated with reductions in depression ratings posttreatment. The AMI-SF score was significantly lower (based on consistent answers from pre- to posttreatment) in the ECT group (72.9%) than in the APT group (80.8%, P = .025), indicating reduced consistency in autobiographical memory after ECT. Conclusions: General neurocognitive function was unaffected by RUL brief-pulse ECT treatment and positively related to improved mood in bipolar depression. Autobiographical memory consistency was reduced in patients treated with ECT. The results suggest that ECT can be used in treatment-resistant bipolar depression without compromising general neurocognitive function. The clinical relevance of reduced autobiographical memory consistency in the ECT group requires further investigation.
Relieving pain in rheumatology patients: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a developing approach$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive method for activating specific areas of the brain. There are two variants, repetitive TMS (rTMS) and direct TMS. Rapid changes in an electrical current induce a magnetic field, which in turn induces an electrical current in a nearby conductor. When a coil is positioned over the brain, rTMS delivers very brief and painless magnetic pulses to the brain. Initially, rTMS was developed as a treatment for depression. Since then, potential indications have been extended to the treatment of chronic pain, most notably in patients with rheumatic diseases. Thus, active research is being conducted into rTMS effects in fibromyalgia, chronic low back pain, and type I complex regional pain syndrome. Studies have established that rTMS is safe; provides pain relief, at least in the short-term; and improves the psychological correlates of chronic pain. These data support further development efforts with the goal of using rTMS in patients with chronic pain, including those with rheumatic diseases. French physicians have shown a high level of interest in rTMS, and the first French recommendations for using this method were issued in 2011. Further research is needed to determine the optimal stimulation parameters, session frequency, and session duration, as well as the best indications. Physicians who see many patients with chronic pain, such as rheumatologists, should be aware of this developing non-pharmacological and safe treatment modality, which can be of considerable help to their patients.
Depression and chronic kidney disease: A review for clinicians$$$ Objective: To review the recent academic literature surrounding the prevalence, aetiopathology, associations and management of depression in chronic kidney disease (CKD), in order to provide a practical and up-to-date resource for clinicians. Methods: We conducted electronic searches of the following databases: MEDLINE, EMBASE and PsycINFO. The main search terms were: depression, mood disorders, depressive disorder, mental illness, in combination with kidney disease, renal insufficiency, dialysis, kidney failure. Separate searches were conducted regarding antidepressant use in CKD. Results: A number of recent, large and well-conducted studies have confirmed markedly raised rates of depression amongst those with CKD, with meta-analysis suggesting the prevalence of interview-defined depression to be approximately 20%. The interactions between depression and CKD are complex, bidirectional and multifactorial. Depression in CKD has been shown to be associated with multiple poor outcomes, including increased mortality and hospitalisation rates, as well as poorer treatment compliance and quality of life. Clinical evaluation of depression in patients with CKD can be challenging; however, once a diagnosis is made, a range of treatment modalities can be considered. Conclusions: Depression is common in CKD and is associated with a significant risk of adverse outcomes. Given the importance of this issue, there is now an urgent need for well-conducted randomised trials of interventions for depression in CKD in order to provide information on the safety and efficacy of treatments.
Thinking and acting beyond the positive: The role of the cognitive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Since currently available antipsychoticmedications predominantly treat hallucinations, delusions, disorganized thoughts and behavior, and related agitation/aggression, attention has traditionally been focused on managing positive symptoms. However, prominent negative symptoms and clinically relevant cognitive impairment affect approximately 40% and 80% of people with schizophrenia, respectively. Moreover, negative and cognitive symptoms are closely related to functional outcomes, and contribute substantially to the overall illness burden. Therefore, approaches to describe,measure, and manage these symptom domains are relevant. This article summarizes the phenomenology, prevalence, assessment, and treatment of negative and cognitive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia, including pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic management strategies that can be used in clinical care now, as well as pharmacologic approaches that are being tested. Currently, no approved treatments targeting negative or cognitive symptomatology in schizophrenia are available. It is hoped that progress in the understanding of the neurobiology of these important symptom domains of schizophrenia will help develop effective treatment strategies in the future. However, until this goal is achieved, clinicians should avoid therapeutic nihilism. Rather, the severity and impact of negative and cognitive symptoms should be determined, quantified, and monitored. Further, psychosocial treatments have shown therapeutic benefits. Thus, cognitive behavioral therapy, cognitive remediation, social skills training, and computer-assisted training programs should be offered in conjunction with antipsychotic treatment. Several non-antipsychotic augmentation strategies can be tried off-label. Treatment plans that incorporate currently available management options for negative and cognitive symptomatology in patients with schizophrenia should be adapted over time and based on the individual's needs, with the aim to enhance overall outcomes.
Left versus right repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in treating major depression: A meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials$$$ Although the majority of randomised controlled trials suggest that major depressive disorder (MDD, major depression) and treatment-resistant depression can be effectively treated by applying either high- (HF) or low-frequency (LF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), respectively, it is not clear which rTMS approach is more effective or safer. This systematic review and meta-analysis was conducted on randomised controlled trials on HF and LF rTMS applied to the left and right DLPFC, respectively, for the treatment of MDD. Eight randomised controlled trials composed of 249 patients were selected to compare the effects of LF (≤1. Hz) rTMS over the right DLPFC to HF (10-20. Hz) rTMS over the left DLPFC. The therapeutic effects of both approaches were similar (odds ratio (OR) = 1.15; 95% confidence interval = 0.65-2.03). Dropout analysis based on only two studies was insufficient to draw a conclusion on the tolerability of LF rTMS. The pooled examination demonstrated that both rTMS methods were equally effective therapies for MDD. However, considering that LF right-sided rTMS produces fewer side effects and is more protective against seizures, its clinical applicability shows greater promise and should be explored further. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of medication resistant major depressive disorder: A systematic review protocol$$$ Review question/ objective The aim of this review is to compare the efficacy of repetitive transcranial-magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of medication resistant major depressive disorder. Inclusion Criteria Types of participants This review will consider all randomized controlled trials that attempt to compare the efficacy of rTMS versus ECT in the treatment of medication resistant major depressive disorder; given for patients of any age and gender with a diagnosis of major depression disorder, with or without psychotic features according to either the DSM-IV (American Psychiatric Association, 1994) or ICD-10 (World Health Organization, 1993) diagnostic criteria. All patients included in this study have to have been judged as clinically appropriate for a course of ECT or rTMS based on the chronicity and severity of depression, presence of multiple medication trials and/or lack of adequate response or intolerance to pharmacotherapy. Types of intervention(s) This particular review will include all randomized controlled trial studies that compared the efficacy of rTMS with ECT therapy in the treatment of medication resistant major depressive disorder, given for patients of any age and gender. Types of outcomes The primary outcome measure of this review will be the score on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and the proportion of patients with remissions (Hamilton score,<8) after treatment with rTMS or ECT. Secondary outcomes will include mood self-ratings on the Beck Depression Inventory-II and Visual Analogue Mood Scales, Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) score, Young Mania Rating Scale (YMS), Clinical Global Impression scale (CGI) and both self-reported and observer-rated cognitive changes.
Somatic treatments excluding psychopharmacology in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A review$$$ Somatic treatments other than psychotropic drugs are increasingly used in the patients with obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), however there has been little systematic review of them. Therefore, the present review deals with a variety of somatic treatment methods excluding psychotropic drugs. A literature search was performed on the PubMed database from the beginning of 1980, to September 2012, for published English, Turkish and French-language articles of somatic treatment approaches (excluding psychopharmacological agents) in the treatment of OCD. The search was carried out by using some terms in detail. Afterwards, the obtained investigations on electroconvusive therapy (ECT), deep brain stimulation (DBS), neurosurgical methods and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) were presented. Although psychopharmacological treatment and psychotherapeutic approaches are primary treatment modalities in the management of OCD, other somatic treatment options seem to be used as alternatives, especially for patients with treatmentresistant OCD. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
Endophenotypes and biological markers of schizophrenia: From biological signs of illness to novel treatment targets$$$ Schizophrenia is a chronic, often disabling mental illness with a lifetime prevalence of ~1% worldwide, and 2-to-3 times higher mortality rates are reported in schizophrenia patients compared to the general population. Although research has been increasingly focusing on identifying novel diagnostic and treatment resources for this illness, the diagnosis of schizophrenia is still based on clinical criteria, which are subjectively assessed and tend to vary across the course of the illness. Endophenotypes are commonly described as molecular, neuropsychological, neuro-imaging, and electrophysiological parameters that are closely associated to the genetic underpinnings of a specific disorder. Putative endophenotypes for psychiatric disorders should: 1) be associated with a specific illness in the population, 2) be heritable, 3) be present regardless of the patients clinical status, 4) co-segregate with the illness within families, and 5) be detected in non-affected family members of psychiatric patients at higher rates than in the general population. Whenever a genetic association is not present, or has not been investigated, the term biomarker is usually preferred. Endophenotypes and biomarkers are stable over time and are largely symptom independent, thus enabling an objective diagnosis of schizophrenia. Furthermore, these measures could be utilized to assess the risk of developing this disorder, and to identify novel pharmacological targets for its treatment. In this article I will present some of the most promising endophenotypes and biological markers of schizophrenia. For each of them, I will briefly describe abnormal findings in schizophrenia patients and, whenever available, in their first-degree relatives. I will then review the ability of each of these measures to identify individuals with schizophrenia (diagnostic value) and to assess the risk for schizophrenia (predictive value). Finally, I will discuss how some of these endophenotypes and biological markers could be utilized to develop novel treatment targets for schizophrenia, as well as to further the current understanding of the neurobiology of this disorder. © 2013 Bentham Science Publishers.
Nerve blocks for initial pain management of femoral fractures in children$$$ Background: Children and adolescents with femoral fractures are almost always admitted to hospital. They invariably start their hospital experience in the Emergency Department, often requiring transfer to a specialist children's hospital. They require analgesia or anaesthesia so that radiographs can be obtained and for management of their fractures. The initial care process involves from two to six transfers from stretcher to stretcher/imaging/operating-suite table or hospital bed within the first few hours, so prompt pain relief is essential. Systemic analgesia can be provided orally or parenterally. Alternatively, a nerve block may be used where local anaesthetic is injected around a nerve to block sensation or freeze the involved area. Objectives: To assess the effects (benefits and harms) of femoral nerve block (FNB) or fascia iliaca compartment block (FICB) for initial pain management of children with fractures of the femur (thigh bone) in the pre-hospital or in-hospital emergency setting, with or without systemic analgesia. Search methods: We searched the Cochrane Bone, Joint and Muscle Trauma Group Specialised Register (11 January 2013), the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (2012 Issue 12), MEDLINE (1946 to January Week 1 2013), EMBASE (1980 to 2013 Week 01), Google Scholar (31 January 2013) and trial registries (31 January 2013). We handsearched recent issues of specialist journals and references of relevant articles. Selection criteria: Randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials assessing the effects of FNB or FICB for initial pain management compared with systemic opiates in children (aged under 18 years) with fractures of the femur receiving pre-hospital or in hospital emergency care. Primary outcomes included failure of analgesia at 30 minutes, pain levels during procedures and transfers (e.g. to a stretcher or hospital ward) for up to eight hours, and adverse effects. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors independently extracted data using a pre-piloted form. Two authors independently assessed the risk of bias for the included study and assessed quality of the evidence for each outcome using the GRADE approach; i.e. as very low, low, moderate or high. Meta-analysis of results was not possible as we found only one trial that could be included in the review. Main results: We included one randomised trial of 55 children aged between 16 months to 15 years. It compared anatomically-guided FICB versus systemic analgesia with intravenous morphine sulphate. The small sample size and the high risk of bias relating to lack of blinding resulted in a low quality rating for all outcomes. Overall, the trial provided low quality evidence for better pain management in the FICB group. Fewer children in the FICB group had analgesia failure at 30 minutes than in the morphine group (2/26 (8%) versus 8/28 (29%); risk ratio (RR) 0.33, 95% confidence interval (CI) 0.09 to 1.20; P value 0.09). The trial did not report on pain during procedures or transfers, or application of analgesia. The trial provided low quality evidence that FICB has a better safety profile than morphine, with only four (15%) reports of redness and pain at the injection site, and no reports of the type of adverse effects of systematic analgesia that occurred in the morphine group, such as respiratory depression (six cases (21%)) and vomiting (four cases (14%)). No long-term adverse events were reported for either intervention. Clinically significant pain relief was achieved in both groups at five minutes; with limited evidence of greater initial pain relief in the FICB group. Based on an inspection of graphically-presented data, at least 46% (12/26) of children in the FICB group had no supplementary medication (mainly analgesia) for the six hours of the study, while only 5% (1 or 2/28) of children in the intravenous morphine group went without additional analgesia. There was insufficient evidence to determine whether child or parental satisfaction with the method of analgesia favoured either method. Resource use was not measured. Authors' conclusions: Low quality evidence from one small trial suggests that FICB provides better and longer lasting pain relief with fewer adverse events than intravenous opioids for femur fractures in children. Well conducted and reported randomised trials that compare nerve blocks (both FNB and FICB) with systemic analgesia and that use validated pain scores are needed.
Glutamate and its receptors in the pathophysiology and treatment of major depressive disorder$$$ Monoaminergic neurotransmitter (serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine) mechanisms of disease dominated the research landscape in the pathophysiology and treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD) for more than 50 years and still dominate available treatment options. However, the sum of all brain neurons that use monoamines as their primary neurotransmitter is\20 %. In addition, most patients treated with monoaminergic antidepressants are left with significant residual symptoms and psychosocial disability not to mention side effects, e.g., sexual dysfunction. In the past several decades, there has been greater focus on the major excitatory neurotransmitter in the human brain, glutamate, in the pathophysiology and treatment of MDD. Although several preclinical and human magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies had already implicated glutamatergic abnormalities in the human brain, it was rocketed by the discovery that the Nmethyl- D-aspartate receptor antagonist ketamine has rapid and potent antidepressant effects in even the most treatment- resistant MDD patients, including those who failed to respond to electroconvulsive therapy and who have active suicidal ideation. In this review, we will first provide a brief introduction to glutamate and its receptors in the mammalian brain. We will then review the clinical evidence for glutamatergic dysfunction in MDD, the discovery and progress-to-date with ketamine as a rapidly acting antidepressant, and other glutamate receptor modulators (including proprietary medications) for treatment-resistant depression. We will finally conclude by offering potential future directions necessary to realize the enormous therapeutic promise of glutamatergic antidepressants.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: A meta-analysis of stimulus parameter effects$$$ Background: Studies comparing the antidepressant effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have reported mixed results, as the choice of rTMS stimulus parameters is essential to its antidepressive effect. This meta-analysis aimed at assessing how rTMS stimulus parameters influence the efficacy of rTMS relative to ECT in treating major depression. Methods: A comprehensive literature search (including PubMed, CCTR, Web of Science, Embase, EAGLE, NTIS, CBM-disc, CNKI, Current Controlled Trials, Clinical Trials, International Clinical Trials Registry, and Internet Stroke Center) was conducted dating until December 2012. After exclusion of low-quality studies, the key search terms ('depressive', 'depression', 'transcranial magnetic stimulation', 'TMS', 'repetitive TMS', 'electroconvulsive therapy', and 'ECT') produced nine high-quality randomized controlled trials (RCTs) of rTMS versus ECT. Results: These nine studies, composed of 395 patients, were meta-analyzed through assessment of odds of remission, response, and drop-out. Two rTMS subgroups displayed non-significant superiority to ECT: 20 Hz (odds ratio (OR) = 1.20; P > 0.05) and ≥ 1200 daily stimuli (OR = 1.06; P > 0.05). One rTMS subgroup displayed non-significant inferiority to ECT: four-week treatment period (OR = 0.65; P > 0.05). The other rTMS subgroups were significantly inferior to ECT. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation was associated with a 30% relative reduction in the odds of drop-out, however non-significantly (95% confidence interval (CI), 0.36-1.39). Discussion: The results indicate that the efficacy of rTMS is tied to its stimulus parameters. Varying stimulus parameters can result in varying antidepressive effects. Consequently, future research on rTMS or rTMS versus ECT should take the influence of rTMS stimulus parameters into consideration. © W. S. Maney & Son Ltd 2013.
Autobiographical and subjective memory with right unilateral high-dose 0.3-millisecond ultrabrief-pulse and 1-millisecond brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy: A double-blind, randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Shortening the pulse width to 0.3 millisecond holds neurophysiological and clinical promise of making electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) safer by reducing cognitive adverse effects. The exclusive effects of pulse width on autobiographical and subjective memory are largely unstudied. The aim was to principally investigate during the acute ECT course and at 3 months after ECT autobiographical and subjective memory effects of 0.3-millisecond ultrabrief and 1-millisecond brief-pulse ECT. METHODS: Patient with severe depression were randomized to 1-millisecond brief-pulse (n = 20) or 0.3-millisecond ultrabrief-pulse (n = 20) right unilateral ECT, both at 6 times the threshold stimulus dose given thrice weekly. Autobiographical Memory Interview (Kopelman) and Squire Subjective Memory Questionnaire were administered at baseline, after 8 sessions, end of the acute course, and 3 months later. RESULTS: Early adult semantic memory worsened significantly over time with brief-pulse compared with ultrabrief ECT: F3,88 = 2.60, P = 0.05. There was a significant decline in brief-pulse treatment vis-à-vis a significant improvement with ultrabrief-pulse treatment with childhood semantic memory (P = 0.022), early adult semantic (P = 0.03), and recent semantic memory (P = 0.018) only at 24 hours after the eighth ECT treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Clinically meaningful and significant improvement in semantic autobiographical memory occurred in ultrabrief treatment vis-à-vis brief-pulse ECT after 8 treatments. Ultrabrief treatment offered a small but significant advantage over 1-millisecond brief-pulse high-dose right unilateral ECT with early adult semantic autobiographical memory, which persisted up to 3 months. © 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited. [-] [-].
Effects of propofol on expression of hippocampal neuronal nitric oxide synthase and carboxy-terminal PDZ ligand of neuronal nitric oxide synthase in stressed rats undergoing electroconvulsive shock$$$ OBJECTIVES: This study aimed at investigating the effects of propofol on the expression of hippocampal neuronal nitric oxide synthase (nNOS) and carboxy-terminal PDZ ligand of nNOS (CAPON) in stressed rats after electroconvulsive shock (ECS). METHODS: Sprague-Dawley rats were stressed repeatedly for 28 days to establish a stressed model. Forty stressed rats were randomly divided into 4 groups (n = 10 for each group): the stressed group (unapplied group), propofol group (applied with intraperitoneal injection of propofol 80 mg/kg for 7 days), ECS group (applied with ECS and intraperitoneal injection of normal saline 8 mL/kg), or propofol + ECS group (applied with ECS and intraperitoneal injection of propofol 80 mg/kg). Sucrose preference test, open-field test, and Morris water maze were used to assess behavioral changes. Immunohistochemistry was carried out to measure the expression of nNOS and CAPON in hippocampal CA1, CA3, and DG areas. RESULTS: Rats in the ECS and propofol + ECS groups had higher sucrose preference percentages and open-field scores when compared with the stressed group. Rats in the ECS group exhibited longer escape latency, shorter space exploration time, up-regulated expression of nNOS, down-regulated expression of CAPON, and increased ratio of nNOS/CAPON in hippocampus. Compared with the ECS group, the propofol + ECS group exhibited shorter escape latency, longer space exploration time, down-regulated expression of nNOS, up-regulated expression of CAPON in hippocampus, and lower nNOS/CAPON values. CONCLUSIONS: Propofol may alleviate ECS-induced impairment of learning and memory in stressed rats by inhibiting excessive expression of nNOS and enhancing the expression of CAPON to maintain the balance between nNOS and CAPON in hippocampus. © 2013 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited. [-] [-].
Mechanisms of antidepressant resistance$$$ Depression is one of the most frequent and severe mental disorder. Since the discovery of antidepressant (AD) properties of the imipramine and then after of other tricyclic compounds, several classes of psychotropic drugs have shown be effective in treating major depressive disorder (MDD). However, there is a wide range of variability in response to ADs that might lead to non response or partial response or in increased rate of relapse or recurrence. The mechanisms of response to AD therapy are poorly understood, and few biomarkers are available than can predict response to pharmacotherapy. Here, we will first review markers that can be used to predict response to pharmacotherapy, such as markers of drug metabolism or blood-brain barrier (BBB) function, the activity of specific brain areas or neurotransmitter systems, hormonal dysregulations or plasticity, and related molecular targets. We will describe both clinical and preclinical studies and describe factors that might affect the expression of these markers, including environmental or genetic factors and comorbidities. This information will permit us to suggest practical recommendations and innovative treatment strategies to improve therapeutic outcomes. © 2013 El-Hage, Leman, Camus and Belzung.
Near-infrared spectroscopy in schizophrenia: A possible biomarker for predicting clinical outcome and treatment response$$$ Functional near-infrared spectroscopy (fNIRS) is a relatively new technique that can measure hemoglobin changes in brain tissues, and its use in psychiatry has been progressing rapidly. Although it has several disadvantages (e.g., relatively low spatial resolution and the possibility of shallow coverage in the depth of brain regions) compared with other functional neuroimaging techniques (e.g., functional magnetic resonance imaging and positron emission tomography), fNIRS may be a candidate instrument for clinical use in psychiatry, as it can measure brain activity in naturalistic position easily and non-invasively. fNIRS instruments are also small and work silently, and can be moved almost everywhere including schools and care units. Previous fNIRS studies have shown that patients with schizophrenia have impaired activity and characteristic waveform patterns in the prefrontal cortex during the letter version of the verbal fluency task, and part of these results have been approved as one of the Advanced Medical Technologies as an aid for the differential diagnosis of depressive symptoms by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare of Japan in 2009, which was the first such approval in the field of psychiatry. Moreover, previous studies suggest that the activity in the frontopolar prefrontal cortex is associated with their functions in chronic schizophrenia and is its next candidate biomarker. Future studies aimed at exploring fNIRS differences in various clinical stages, longitudinal changes, drug effects, and variations during different task paradigms will be needed to develop more accurate biomarkers that can be used to aid differential diagnosis, the comprehension of the present condition, the prediction of outcome, and the decision regarding treatment options in schizophrenia. Future fNIRS researches will require standardized measurement procedures, probe settings, analytical methods and tools, manuscript description, and database systems in an fNIRS community. © 2013 Koike, Nishimura, Takizawa, Yahata and Kasai.
Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): Important parameters which influence its effectiveness$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is usually given to people with severe depression which has not responded to other forms of treatment such as antidepressants. However, it is sometimes used for people with a diagnosis of bi-polar disorder or schizophrenia. It was originally developed in the 1930s and was used widely during the 1950s and 1960s for a variety of conditions. ECT consists of passing an electrical current through the brain to produce an epileptic fit - hence the name, electro-convulsive. The idea developed from the observation that, in the days before there was any kind of effective medication, some people with depression or schizophrenia, and who also had epilepsy, seemed to feel better after having a fit. The mechanism of action of ECT is not fully known. ECT affects multiple central nervous system components, including hormones, neuropeptides, neurotropic factors, and neurotransmitters. The induction of a bilateral generalized seizure is required for both the beneficial and adverse effects of ECT. Certain parameters like seizure duration, electric stimuli, seizure threshold, ECT practice factors and medication can influence its efficacy or effectiveness. This study aims to review the evidence base of these parameters in detail.
Neuron specific enolase and serum remain unaffected by ultra high frequency left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: A preliminary study$$$ Serum levels of neuron specific enolase (NSE) and protein S-100 were analysed in 22 patients with depression, who got repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for 3 weeks with ultra high frequency stimulation or sham. NSE and S-100 at baseline and after 3 weeks did not differ between the groups. Neither in the ultra high frequency group, nor in the sham group a difference between baseline and end could be found. No evidence for a significant rise in brain damage markers in rTMS was found in this preliminary study. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Wien.
Corticospinal excitability during walking in humans with absent and partial body weight support$$$ Objective: To establish changes in corticospinal excitability with absent and partial body weight support (BWS), and determine test-retest reliability of motor evoked potentials (MEPs) recordings during stepping in healthy humans. Methods: The tibialis anterior (TA) and soleus MEPs during stepping at 0 and at 25 BWS were recorded in two experimental sessions in the same subjects. Transcranial magnetic stimulation was delivered randomly across the step cycle at 1.2. ×. TA MEP resting threshold. The non-stimulated associated electromyogram (EMG) was subtracted from the TA and soleus MEPs at identical time windows and bins of the step cycle, and the resultant values were normalized to the maximal homologous EMG activity during stepping. The relationship between MEPs and background EMG activity was determined for each BWS level and session tested. Results: The TA MEPs were facilitated at heel contact, progressively decreased during the stance phase, and facilitated throughout the swing phase of the step cycle. In contrast, the soleus MEPs were progressively increased at early-stance, depressed at the stance-to-swing transition, and remained depressed throughout the swing phase. The TA and soleus MEPs were modulated in a similar pattern across sessions at 0 and at 25 BWS, and were linearly related to the associated background EMG activity. Conclusions: These results provide evidence that reduced body weight loading does not alter the strength of corticospinal excitability, and that MEPs can be reliably recorded at different sessions during stepping in healthy humans. Significance: A rehabilitation strategy to restore gait in neurological disorders utilizes BWS during stepping on a motorized treadmill. Based on our findings, the strength of corticospinal drive will not be affected negatively during stepping under conditions of partial body loading. © 2013 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology.
Behavioral effects of transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) induced dorsolateral prefrontal cortex plasticity in alcohol dependence$$$ Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has been shown to reduce acute substance craving in drug addicts, and improve cognition in neuropsychiatric patients. Here we aimed to explore further tDCS induced behavioral and neurophysiological modulation including assessment of relapse rate over a prolonged time course in alcoholism. We examined the effects of repeated anodal tDCS (2mA, 35 cm2, 20min) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on relapse to the use of alcohol in alcoholics from outpatient services, who received additional routine clinical treatment. Furthermore, event related potentials (ERPs), cognitive and frontal executive processes, craving, depressive and anxiety symptoms were obtained before and after treatment. From thirteen alcoholic subjects, seven were randomized to sham-tDCS and six to real tDCS treatment (once a week for five consecutive weeks). Depressive symptoms and craving were reduced to a larger extent in the tDCS group compared to the sham group (p=0.005 and p=0.015, respectively). On the other hand, active tDCS was able to block the increase in neural activation triggered by alcohol related and neutral cues in prefrontal cortex (PFC) as indexed by ERP as seen in the sham-tDCS group. Finally, there was a trend for increased change in executive function in the tDCS group compared to the sham-tDCS group (p=0.082), and, similarly, a trend for more relapses in the tDCS group compared to sham tDCS (four alcoholic subjects (66.7%) vs. one (14.3%), p=0.053).These results confirm the previous findings of tDCS effects on craving in alcoholism and also extend these findings as we showed also tDCS-related mood improvement. However, potential increase in relapse is possible; thus the clinical value of an increase in craving and improvement in depression and executive function needs to be carefully assessed in further studies; including investigation of optimal parameters of stimulation. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Efficacy of clonidine versus phenobarbital in reducing neonatal morphine sulfate therapy days for neonatal abstinence syndrome. A prospective randomized clinical trial$$$ Objective:To compare the efficacy of clonidine versus phenobarbital in reducing morphine sulfate treatment days for neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS).Study Design:Prospective, non-blinded, block randomized trial at a single level III NICU (Neonatal Intensive Care Unit). Eligible infants were treated with a combination of medications as per protocol. Primary outcome was treatment days with morphine sulfate. Secondary outcomes were the mean total morphine sulfate dose, outpatient phenobarbital days, adverse events and treatment failures.Results:A total of 82 infants were eligible, of which 68 were randomized with 34 infants in each study group. Adjusting for covariates phenobarbital as compared with clonidine had shorter morphine sulfate treatment days (-4.6, 95% confidence interval (CI): -0.3, -8.9; P=0.037) with no difference in average morphine sulfate total dose (1.1 mg kg -1, 95% CI: -0.1, 2.4; P=0.069). Post-discharge phenobarbital was continued for an average of 3.8 months (range 1 to 8 months). No other significant differences were noted.Conclusion:Phenobarbital as adjunct had clinically nonsignificant shorter inpatient but significant overall longer therapy time as compared with clonidine. © 2013 Nature America, Inc.
What Is the Role of Medications in Late Life Depression?$$$ In this article, the efficacy and side effects of antidepressants in the elderly are discussed. In addition, whether the elderly in general should be treated with lower doses of antidepressants, and whether the elderly have a slower response to antidepressant treatment, are also discussed. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Depression and parkinson's disease: Current knowledge topical collection on movement disorders$$$ Depressive disturbances are common in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) and influence many other clinical aspects of the disease. In addition to causing inherent emotional distress, depressive disorders negatively impact quality of life, motor and cognitive deficits, functional disability, and other psychiatric comorbidities in patients with PD. Knowledge of the pathophysiology of PD depression remains limited. However, clinical studies demonstrate the efficacy of medications and psychotherapies for PD depression, underscoring the importance of their timely detection and concerted management. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York (outside the USA).
Unmet needs in psychopharmacology. Pharmacotherapy of acute mania: An update$$$ This is a new algorithm for the pharmacotherapy of acute mania developed by the Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program. The authors conducted a literature search in PubMed and reviewed key studies, other algorithms and guidelines, and their references. Treatments were prioritized considering 3 main considerations: 1) effectiveness in treating the current episode, 2) preventing potential future relapses to mania or depression, and 3) minimizing side effects over the short and long term. After accurate diagnosis, managing contributing medical causes including substance misuse, discontinuing antidepressants, and considering the patient's child-bearing potential, we propose different algorithms for mixed and non-mixed mania in response to the new classification of bipolar mania in the DSM-5. Patients with mixed mania may be treated first with a second generation antipsychotic (SGA) of which the first choice is quetiapine because of adequate efficacy in acute mania but greater efficacy (than other SGAs) for depressive symptoms and episodes in bipolar disorder and evidence of ability to prevent future episodes of depression. For the second choice SGA in mixed mania, aripiprazole and ziprasidone may be preferred over risperidone and olanzapine. Valproate or carbamazepine, and lithium, in that order, may be added to the SGA for unsatisfactory control of symptoms. For non-mixed mania, lithium is the first-line recommendation. Next, an SGA can be added, and again quetiapine is favored because it is the best at treating and preventing depression. If quetiapine is unacceptable, risperidone is the next choice for non-mixed mania because of better efficacy for this mood state. Olanzapine, though almost as effective in acute mania as risperidone in meta-analysis, is not considered a first-line SGA due to its long term side effects, but it could be a second choice SGA. Valproate is a third-line choice for acute non-mixed mania to consider after lithium and one or two SGAs. Its lack of efficacy in recent randomized controlled trials in mania and lack of known effectiveness for preventing future mood episodes result in it having a lower placement in this algorithm than in other guidelines. If the patient, whether mixed or non-mixed is still refractory despite the suggested medication sequences, then depending on what has already been tried, consider valproate, risperidone, olanzapine, haloperidol, and carbamazepine as first-tier, aripiprazole, ziprasidone, and asenapine as second-tier, and clozapine as third-tier because of its weaker evidence base and greater side effects. Electroconvulsive therapy may be considered at any point in the algorithm if there is a history of positive response or intolerance of medications.
Enhancement of rtms neuromodulatory effects with novel waveforms demonstrated via controllable pulse parameter TMS (CTMS)$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a widely used technique for studying brain function and is now approved for depression therapy. However, the neuromodulatory effects (e.g., changes in cortical excitability) of conventional rTMS are variable across studies, which might contribute to its variable effectiveness across clinical trials. For technical reasons having to do with the circuit topology, the majority of research studies and the approved therapeutic applications of rTMS use the conventional biphasic cosine pulse shape, although some reports indicate that this may not be very effective and other potentially more selective waveforms may have a better neuromodulatory performance (Taylor and Loo, 2007,doi: 10.1016 / j.jad. 2006. 06.027; Sommer et al, 2013, doi:10.1016/j.brs.2012.07.003). We quantified changes in cortical excitability produced by different stimulation waveforms in comparison to standard biphasic cosine pulses, by using a controllable pulse parameter TMS (cTMS) device. Methods: Twelve healthy subjects were recruited from the local community and screened for major axis I psychiatric disorders (MINI), drug abuse (urine test), and pregnancy (urine test). After an initial thresholding session, every subject went through four sessions of 1Hz rTMS of the left motor cortex. In every session, the rTMS pulse had a different shape, randomly assigned from the following: conventional bidirectional cosine, bidirectional rectangular, or unidirectional rectangular in either posterior-anterior or anterior-posterior induced current direction. The current direction of the bidirectional pulses was the one having the lower motor threshold. For accurate coil placement, a robot arm (ANT Neuro, Netherlands) continuously corrected the coil position during each session. Excitability changes due to rTMS were measured by applying probing TMS pulses before and after the rTMS train and measuring the amplitude of the motor evoked potentials (MEPs) in the first dorsal interosseous. Results: TMS was well tolerated and there were no adverse events. A mixed-effects model supported the hypothesis that the four different rTMS pulse shapes caused differing degrees of reduction in cortical excitability (p<0.002). Over the first nine minutes after the rTMS intervention for each condition, two rTMS pulse shapes generated significant reductions in excitability (reduction of MEP amplitude by 16% for the unidirectional P-A rectangular pulse, p<0.02; reduction by 9% for the bidirectional rectangular pulse, p<0.04). The unidirectional A-P rectangular pulse produced a pronounced trend with a reduction in MEP amplitude by 7%, p<0.17. The conventional biphasic cosine pulse produced a negligible increase of MEP amplitude by 3.8%, p<0.21. Conclusions: The results demonstrate that pulse shape is an important factor in rTMS-induced changes in cortical excitability, and that the cosine pulse shape used in conventional rTMS devices is relatively less effective than rectangular pulses. The strongest reductions in excitability were observed for an asymmetric, unidirectional pulse, which is hypothesized to produce more selective neural stimulation than the conventional, more symmetric, bidirectional pulses. In agreement with the hypothesis of neuronal selectivity as the underlying mechanism, the same pulse with reversed current direction was less effective.
Factors impacting functional disability and ptsd symptoms in OEF/OIF/OND veterans with PTSD$$$ Background: A significant portion of veterans returning from OEF/OIF/OND experience post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) that results in significant impairment, morbidity, and mortality. As part of a randomized controlled trial of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) to augment Cognitive Processing Therapy (CPT) in veterans with PTSD, a systematic evaluation of function and symptoms was performed at baseline. The participants could choose to have a summary of their evaluations sent to the Veterans Administration, but otherwise this study was performed outside of any disability determination. The purpose of this analysis was to determine which factors are associated with the degree of disability and PTSD prior to treatment with CPT and rTMS. Methods: Participants from OEF/OIF/OND were screened to determine eligibility and evaluated to determine if they met criteria for PTSD. Demographic information, self report scales, urine drug screens/pregnancy tests, and symptom ratings performed by trained evaluators were obtained. The variables of childhood adversity (Adverse Childhood Experience Questionnaire: ACE), level of combat exposure (Full Combat Exposure Scale: FCES), severity of PTSD (Clinician-Administered PTSD Scale for DSM-IV -TR: CAPS), and severity of depression (Quick Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology -Self Report: QIDS-SR) were investigated in multiple regression models to determine their contribution to degree of disability as measured by Inventory of Psychosocial Functioning (IPF). Similarly, to identify the factors that were significantly associated with severity of PTSD symptoms, as defined by CAPS score, the subset of variables mentioned above was also investigated by multiple regression. For both sets of models, a variable selection routine was utilized which incorporated combinations of forward addition and backward elimination of variables until there was no further improvement in model diagnostics. The Bayesian information criterion (BIC) was the chosen statistic for the determination of the best model. Results: There were 55 participants (mean age 30 years (s.d. 5.6, range 22-47); 51 male; race-33 White, not Hispanic; 2 Black/African American, not Hispanic; 14 White, Hispanic; 2 American Indian/Alaska Native; 1 Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander; 3 other) included for the assessment of PTSD severity, while 46 participants were included in the model assessing degree of functional disability, due to missing data. Only the depression self-report measure (QIDS) was selected in the final model that best predicted the degree of functional disability. A significant (p=0.0005) positive association was found between QIDS and the IPF score. Similarly, in the final model that assessed the severity of PTSD symptoms, QIDS was a highly significant (p<0.0001) predictor of CAPS. In addition, combat exposure also proved influential in the prediction of PTSD severity. A significant (p=0.02) positive association was found between exposure to traumatic events, defined by FCES, and PTSD severity. Conclusions: In veterans returning from OEF/OIF/OND with PTSD symptoms, depressive symptoms contribute most to functional disability compared to many other variables, including PTSD symptoms. Depression also contributes most to the severity of PTSD, though combat exposure is also an important factor in the determination of PTSD severity. Due to the strong association between depressive symptoms and both disability and PTSD symptoms, there should be an emphasis on the clinical management of depression in the care of these veterans.
A two-site pilot study suggests that three days (9 sessions) of high dose left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is feasible, safe, and reduces suicidal thinking in suicidal inpatients$$$ Background: Suicide attempts and completed suicides are common, yet there are no proven acute medication or device treatments for treating a suicidal crisis. Repeated daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for 4-6 weeks is a new FDA-approved treatment for acute depression. Some open-label studies have found rapid reductions in suicidality with rTMS.This study tests whether a very intense dose of rTMS to suicidal inpatients is feasible and safe, and also whether this might rapidly improve suicidal thinking. Methods: Design: This prospective, 2-site, randomized, active sham-controlled (1 : 1 randomization) design incorporated 9 sessions of rTMS over 3 days as adjunctive to usual inpatient treatment for suicidality. Patients came from two inpatient military hospital wards (one VA, the other DOD). Research staff screened approximately 377 inpatients, yielding 41 adults admitted for suicidal crisis, all of whom also had either post-traumatic stress disorder (17), mild traumatic brain injury (1), or both (23).Methods: Repetitive TMS (rTMS) was delivered to the left prefrontal cortex with a figure-eight solid core coil at 120% motor threshold, 10 hertz (Hz), 5 s (s) train duration, 10 s intertrain interval for 30 min (6000 pulses) 3 times daily for 3 days (total 9 sessions;54 000 stimuli). Sham rTMS used a similar coil that contained a metal insert blocking the magnetic field and utilized electrodes on the scalp, which delivered a matched somatosensory sensation. Main Outcome Measure: Primary outcomes were the daily change in severity of suicidal thinking as measured by the Beck Scale of Suicidal Ideation (SSI) administered at baseline and then daily, as well as subjective visual analog scale measures before and after each TMS session. Mixed model repeated measures (MMRM) analysis was performed on modified intent to treat (mITT) (37) and completer (27) populations. Results: This intense schedule of rTMS with suicidal inpatients was feasible and safe (About 6 times greater than the FDA currently approved daily dose). Minimal side effects occurred, none differing by arm, and the retention rate was 88% throughout the 3 treatment days. From the mITT analyses, SSI scores declined rapidly over the 3 days for both groups (sham change -15.3 points, active change -15.6 points), with a trend for more rapid decline on the first day with active rTMS (sham change -6.3 points, active -10.7 points, p=0.12). This decline was more pronounced in the completers analysis [sham change -5.9 (95% CI: -10.1, -1.7), active -13 points (95% CI: -18.7, -7.4); p=0.054]. Subjective ratings of 'being bothered by thoughts of suicide' declined non-significantly more with active rTMS than with sham at the end of 9 sessions of treatment in the mITT analysis [sham change -31.9 (95% CI: -41.7, -22.0), active change -42.5 (95% CI: -53.8, -31.2); p=0.17] and significantly more in the completers sample [sham change -24.9 (95% CI: -34.4, -15.3), active change -43.8 (95% CI: -57.2, -30.3); p=0.028]. Conclusions: Delivering high doses of left prefrontal rTMS over three days (54 000 stimuli) to suicidal inpatients is possible and safe, with few side effects and no worsening of suicidal thinking. The suggestions of a rapid anti-suicide effect (day 1 SSI data, Visual Analogue Scale data over the 3 days) need to be tested for replication in a larger sample. If confirmed, high dose TMS may become a new rapid treatment for acute suicidality by theoretically restoring cortical connectivity and control.
The effects of an index course of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy on verbal learning and memory$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) uses magnetic pulses to induce a focal seizure for the treatment of depression. This strategy capitalizes upon the established safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation and the robust antidepressant efficacy of seizures as induced with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). MST is hypothesized to be a safe and effective antidepressant strategy for patients with major affective disorders. Preclinical and clinical evidence has substantiated that MST produces little to no neurocognitive adverse effects. Also, clinical evidence has found MST produces antidepressant effects. Presently, there are limited data regarding the safety of MST when it is administered at high doses (eg, 1000 pulses). Such information is needed, as evidence from ECT investigations have found that higher doses result in increased adverse neurocognitive effects, particularly in the neurocognitive domain of verbal learning and memory. Thus, the purpose of this study was to compare the effects of an index course of high-dose MST and standard ECT on verbal learning and memory in patients with a current major depressive episode. Methods: This was a three-center, between-subject, randomized, double-masked controlled clinical trial that compared the neurocognitive effects of high dose MST and ultra-brief pulse RUL ECT. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. The study was conducted under a US FDA IDE. Adults with a major depressive episode in the context of unipolar or bipolar depression, based on the SCID-I, were randomly assigned to treatment with MST or ECT. For MST, a Magstim Theta device with a round coil positioned on the vertex was used to administer the stimulus. Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration, and subsequent treatments were provided at maximal device output (100% maximal pulse amplitude, 100 Hz pulse frequency, 10 s train duration). For ECT, treatments were provided via standard RUL electrode configuration, 800mA pulse amplitude, and ultra-brief pulse width (0.3 ms). Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by increasing the train duration and frequency. Subsequent treatments were provided at 6' the seizure threshold. Patients were treated until they achieved remission. Results: In terms of change from baseline to end, patients who received MST relative to those who received ECT showed better delayed recall (F(1, 59)=4.40, p=0.04), retention (F(1, 59)=4.50, p=0.04), as well as recognition (F(1, 57)=5.03, p=0.03) of learned words. Indeed, patients in the ECT group showed significant declines from average to mild/moderate impaired performance after ECT, and patients in the MST cohort showed stability of average performance from baseline to end. There were no differences between MST and ECT on total words learned across five learning trials (F(1, 59)=2.66, p=0.11), interference with a distractor list (F(1, 58)=0.96, p=0.33), or immediate recall of learned words (F(1, 59)=0.96, p=0.33). Conclusions: This study provides evidence that MST has neurocognitive advantages relative to ECT, particularly with regard to delayed recall, retention, and recognition of verbally presented information. Specifically, patients in the ECT cohort significantly declined from average performance at baseline to mild to moderate impaired performance on the RAVLT after the index course. Patients in the MST group maintained their average performance on the RAVLT from baseline to end of the index course. These findings are consistent with prior research suggesting MST to have benign or no neurocognitive adverse effects. Research has found that recall worsens after acute treatment with ECT, which is associated with select ECT parameters including bitemporal electrode placement, sine wave pulse width, and increased dosage. Importantly, adverse neurocognitive effects have been associated with poor clinical and functional outcome, and increased risk of relapse. The continued development of low stimulus intensity seizure induction paradigms such as MST could provide for a safer new treatment option for patients with depression. Future research is warranted to assess the effects of MST on other memory systems including memory for visual and autobiographical information.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation enhances sleep quality of patients with comorbid major depressive disorder and insomnia$$$ Introduction: Insomnia impacts the course of major depressive disorder (MDD), obstructs response to treatment, and raises risk of depression relapse. This study approached how repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) relieves depression and enhances sleep quality of patients with comorbid major depressive disorder and insomnia. Materials and methods: A randomized, controlled, pilot study was conducted in our hospital. The study was approved by local Ethics Committee. All subjects signed informed consents. 30 patients, conforming to meet the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV-TR) criteria for MDD, and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Scale (MADRS) score between 12 and 29 were randomly chosen as the MDD group. Another 30 patients, meeting the DSM- IV-TR criteria for MDD and insomnia, MADRS score between 12 and 29, and Pitts-burgh Sleep Quality Index (PSQI) scores >7, were randomly selected as the MDD and insomnia group. Both groups received rTMS (10 Hz for 4 weeks) once per day. After treatment, patients' depression was assessed with MADRS, and their sleep quality was evaluated by PSQI. Raters were masked to treatment assignment. Results: There were 30 subjects in MDD group (60% female, mean age 38.56 ± 12.13 s.d. mean course of disease 11.35 ± 7.53 months). MDD and insomnia group consisted of 30 subjects (66.67% female, mean age 32.72 ± 14.69 s.d. mean course of disease 9.23 ± 4.81 months). Although the rate of depression remission in MDD and insomnia group (59.36%) was higher than MDD group (57.21%), this difference was not significant. After 4 weeks treatment, both MDD group (12.56 ± 6.73) and MDD insomnia group (11.38 ± 7.16 s.d.) were significantly improved in MADRS scores (P<0.05). MDD and insomnia group was significantly improved (P<0.05) in PSQI sleep quality (1.40 ± 0.41), time for falling asleep (1.73 ± 1.21), sleep time (1.90 ± 1.28), sleep efficiency (0.90 ± 1.52), Function during the daytime (1.87 ± 0.84), total score (8.57 ± 3.74). Conclusion: This pilot study offers the evidence that rTMS improves depression and sleep quality of patients with comorbid major depressive disorder and insomnia.
Postictal EEG suppression during early course of ECT (electroconvulsive therapy) predicts clinical improvement in bipolar disorder$$$ ABSTRACT: Background and Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for major affective disorders and has been used for many decades. In affective disorders the capacity to achieve and sustain remission over lengthy periods of time may indicate less vulnerability to subsequent relapses and /or chronic psychosocial disability. Once the phase of acute treatment is over the goal of treatment is to prevent further episodes of illness by prophylaxis. Lithium, anticonvulsant mood stabilizers and some atypical antipsychotics have been used in this regard as mood stabilizers to sustain remission and to prevent further episodes. The combined use of ECT and anticonvulsants has been a clinical scenario with paucity of literature apart from some open trials and a retrospective chart review. To date there has been little research on the management of psychiatric patients maintained on the anticonvulsant medications who also receive ECT. METHODOLOGY: In the background of clinical scenarios involving use of anticonvulsants with ECTwe conducted a randomized controlled trial - with three limbs wherein the dose of the medication was stopped/halved or continued at full doses. We could ensure that 75% of the sample (i.e. 36 patients) out of 48 patients were given the randomized doses of medications. The number of patients in each limb was as follows - stop group(10), half dose(14) and full dose(24). A blind rater assessed the patients using psychopathology scales - YMRS, HDRS, CGI and cognitive assessment scale - PGI memory scale. ECT was administered using standard equipment. EEG recording was done at every session and analyzed by the blind rater. All three groups were similar in baseline and ECT variables ensuring adequacy of randomization. RESULTS: The results showed no significant difference in the scores of patients- both in terms of psychopathology and cognitive domains assessment. Some suggestion towards faster improvement in the group taking full dose of the anticonvulsants was found using RMANOVA. This was seen in the patients who presented with manic symptoms and were assessed with YMRS (40 out of 48 patients). EEG analysis showed an inverse correlation between postictal fractal dimension and CGI scores. Though the study has many strengths in terms of design an important limitation has been the reduction in the sample size due to exclusion of patients.
Can sleep disturbance in depression predict repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment response?$$$ Treatment for depression is not effective in all patients and it is therefore important to identify factors that can be used to tailor treatments. One potential factor is insomnia. Several repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) studies have reported on this symptom, however, they did not take into account the presence of hypersomnia or that insomnia was related to their outcome measure. Our aim was to investigate whether baseline sleep disruption was related to rTMS treatment response. We pooled data from four clinical trials using rTMS to treat depression, including 139 subjects in data analysis. Insomnia was measured using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HamD) sleep questions and hypersomnia from the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). To reduce the possible impact of insomnia on our treatment response outcome we created an adjusted HamD score which omitted sleep items. Sleep disturbances were common in our study: 66% had insomnia and 38% hypersomnia. Using regression analysis with our adjusted HamD score we found no relation between baseline insomnia or hypersomnia and rTMS treatment response. Our data are consistent with previous studies; however, this is the first rTMS study to our knowledge that has attempted to dissociate baseline insomnia from the HamD outcome measure and to report no relationship between hypersomnia and rTMS outcome. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Anxiety comorbidity in schizophrenia$$$ Diagnostic and treatment hierarchical reductionisms have led to an oversight of anxiety syndromes in schizophrenia. Nevertheless, recent data have indicated that anxiety can be a significant source of morbidity in this patient group. This paper reviews current knowledge concerning anxiety comorbidity in schizophrenia, its epidemiology, course, and treatment. A computerized search of the literature published from 1966 to July 2012 was conducted on Medline. Comorbid anxiety disorders are present in 38.3% of subjects with schizophrenia spectrum disorders. The most common anxiety disorder is social phobia followed by post-traumatic stress disorder and obsessive compulsive disorder. The presence and severity of symptoms of anxiety are associated with more severe clinical features and poorer outcomes. Available literature on the treatment consists primarily of case reports and open trials. Fragments of data support the notion of treating these anxiety states and syndromes as co-occurring clinical conditions with adjunctive medications and psychosocial interventions. However, additional work remains to be done on this issue before firm conclusions can be drawn. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Beyond pain in fibromyalgia: Insights into the symptom of fatigue$$$ Fatigue is a disabling, multifaceted symptom that is highly prevalent and stubbornly persistent. Although fatigue is a frequent complaint among patients with fibromyalgia, it has not received the same attention as pain. Reasons for this include lack of standardized nomenclature to communicate about fatigue, lack of evidence-based guidelines for fatigue assessment, and a deficiency in effective treatment strategies. Fatigue does not occur in isolation; rather, it is present concurrently in varying severity with other fibromyalgia symptoms such as chronic widespread pain, unrefreshing sleep, anxiety, depression, cognitive difficulties, and so on. Survey-based and preliminary mechanistic studies indicate that multiple symptoms feed into fatigue and it may be associated with a variety of physiological mechanisms. Therefore, fatigue assessment in clinical and research settings must consider this multi-dimensionality. While no clinical trial to date has specifically targeted fatigue, randomized controlled trials, systematic reviews, and meta-analyses indicate that treatment modalities studied in the context of other fibromyalgia symptoms could also improve fatigue. The Outcome Measures in Rheumatology (OMERACT) Fibromyalgia Working Group and the Patient Reported Outcomes Measurement Information System (PROMIS) have been instrumental in propelling the study of fatigue in fibromyalgia to the forefront. The ongoing efforts by PROMIS to develop a brief fibromyalgia-specific fatigue measure for use in clinical and research settings will help define fatigue, allow for better assessment, and advance our understanding of fatigue. © 2013 BioMed Central Ltd.
Neuroplasticity and the next wave of antidepressant strategies$$$ Depression is a common chronic psychiatric disorder that is also often co-morbid with numerous neurological and immune diseases. Accumulating evidence indicates that disturbances of neuroplasticity occur with depression, including reductions of hippocampal neurogenesis and cortical synaptogenesis. Improper trophic support stemming from stressor-induced reductions of growth factors, most notably brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), likely drives such aberrant neuroplasticity. We posit that psychological and immune stressors can interact upon a vulnerable genetic background to promote depression by disturbing BDNF and neuroplastic processes. Furthermore, the chronic and commonly relapsing nature of depression is suggested to stem from "faulty wiring" of emotional circuits driven by neuroplastic aberrations. The present review considers depression in such terms and attempts to integrate the available evidence indicating that the efficacy of current and "next wave" antidepressant treatments, whether used alone or in combination, is at least partially tied to their ability to modulate neuroplasticity. We particularly focus on the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) antagonist, ketamine, which already has well documented rapid antidepressant effects, and the trophic cytokine, erythropoietin (EPO), which we propose as a potential adjunctive antidepressant agent. © 2013 Hayley and Litteljohn.
Dose-remission of pulsating electromagnetic fields as augmentation in therapy-resistant depression: A randomized, double-blind controlled study$$$ Objective To evaluate to what extent a twice daily dose of Transcranial Pulsating ElectroMagnetic Fields (T-PEMF) was superior to once daily in patients with treatment-resistant depression as to obtaining symptom remission after 8 weeks of augmentation therapy.
A meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled treatment trials for depression and anxiety in Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Psychopharmacotherapy currently constitutes the first-line treatment for depression and anxiety in Parkinson's disease (PD) however the efficacy of antidepressant treatments in PD is unclear. Several alternative treatments have been suggested as potentially more viable alternatives including dopamine agonists, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, and cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT). Method: A meta-analysis of randomised placebo-controlled trials for depression and/or anxiety in PD was conducted to systematically examine the efficacy of current treatments for depression and anxiety in PD. Results: Nine trials were included. There was only sufficient data to calculate a pooled effect for antidepressant therapies. The pooled effect of antidepressants for depression in PD was moderate but non-significant (d = .71, 95% CI = 21.33 to 3.08). The secondary effect of antidepressants on anxiety in PD was large but also non-significant (d = 1.13, 95% CI = 2.67 to 2.94). Two single-trials of non-pharmacological treatments for depression in PD resulted in significant large effects; Omega-3 supplementation (d = .92, 95% CI = .15 to 1.69) and CBT (d = 1.57, 95% CI = 1.06 to 2.07), and warrant further exploration. Conclusions: There remains a lack of controlled trials for both pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatments for depression and anxiety in PD which limits the conclusions which can be drawn. While the pooled effects of antidepressant therapies in PD were non-significant, the moderate to large magnitude of each pooled effect is promising. Nonpharmacological approaches show potential for depression in PD however more research is required. © 2013 Troeung et al.
Differences in neurobiological pathways of four "clinical content" subtypes of depression$$$ Although often considered as a mental disorder, depression is best described as a behavioral-neurobiological phenomenon. In addition, although usually reported as a unitary diagnosis, major depressive episode is composed of a range of different symptoms that can occur in nearly 1500 possible combinations to fulfill the required diagnostic criterion. To investigate and describe the underlying behavioral and neurobiological substrates of these symptoms, they were clustered into "clinical content" subtypes of depression according to their predominant common behavioral characteristics. These subtypes were then found to possess different neurobiological pathways that argue for different treatment approaches. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Deep brain stimulation (DBS) at the interface of neurology and psychiatry$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) is an emerging interventional therapy for well-screened patients with specific treatment-resistant neuropsychiatric diseases. Some neuropsychiatric conditions, such as Parkinson disease, have available and reasonable guideline and efficacy data, while other conditions, such as major depressive disorder and Tourette syndrome, have more limited, but promising results. This review summarizes both the efficacy and the neuroanatomical targets for DBS in four common neuropsychiatric conditions: Parkinson disease, Tourette syndrome, major depressive disorder, and obsessive-compulsive disorder. Based on emerging new research, we summarize novel approaches to optimization of stimulation for each neuropsychiatric disease and we review the potential positive and negative effects that may be observed following DBS. Finally, we summarize the likely future innovations in the field of electrical neural-network modulation.
Impact of 5-HTTLPR and BDNF polymorphisms on response to sertraline versus transcranial direct current stimulation: Implications for the serotonergic system$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has been intensively investigated as a non-pharmacological treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD). While many studies have examined the genetic predictors of antidepressant medications, this issue remains to be investigated for tDCS. In the current study, we evaluated whether the BDNF Val66Met and the 5-HTT (5-HTTLPR) polymorphisms were associated with tDCS antidepressant response. We used data from a factorial trial that evaluated the efficacy of tDCS and sertraline and enrolled 120 moderate-to-severe, antidepressant-free participants. In the present study, we used analyses of variance to evaluate whether the BDNF (Val/. Val vs. Met-carries) and 5-HTTLPR alleles (long/. long vs short-carriers) were predictors of tDCS (active/sham) and sertraline (sertraline/placebo) response. Analyses were conducted on the polymorphisms separately and also on their interaction. Genotype frequencies were in Hardy-Weinberg equilibrium. BDNF polymorphism was not associated with treatment response. We found that 5-HTTLPR predicted tDCS effects as long/long homozygotes displayed a larger improvement comparing active vs. sham tDCS, while short-allele carriers did not. A dose-response relationship between active-sham differences with the long allele was also suggested. These results strengthen the role of the serotonergic system in the tDCS antidepressant effects and expand previous findings that reported that tDCS mechanisms of action partially involve serotonergic receptors. Therefore, we hypothesize that tDCS is a neuromodulation technique that acts over depression through the modulation of serotonergic system and that tDCS "top-down" antidepressant effects might not be optimal in brain networks with a hyperactive amygdala inducing bottom-up effects, such as occurs in short-carriers. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP.
The painfulness of active, but not sham, transcranial magnetic stimulation decreases rapidly over time: Results from the double-blind phase of the OPT-TMS trial$$$ Background: Daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over several weeks is an FDA approved treatment for major depression. Although rTMS is generally safe when administered using the FDA guidelines, there are a number of side effects that can make it difficult for patients to complete a course of rTMS. Many patients report that rTMS is painful, although patients appear to accommodate to the initial painfulness. The reduction in pain is hypothesized to be due to prefrontal stimulation and is not solely explained by accommodation to the stimulation. Methods: In a recent 4 site randomized controlled trial (using an active electrical sham stimulation system) investigating the antidepressant effects of daily left dorsolateral prefrontal rTMS (Optimization of TMS, or OPT-TMS), the procedural painfulness of TMS was assessed before and after each treatment session. Computerized visual analog scale ratings were gathered before and after each TMS session in the OPT-TMS trial. Stimulation was delivered with an iron core figure-8 coil (Neuronetics) with the following parameters: 10 Hz, 120% MT (EMG-defined), 4 s pulse train, 26 s inter-train interval, 3000 pulses per session, one 37.5 min session per day. After each session, procedural pain (pain at the beginning of the TMS session, pain toward the middle, and pain toward then end of the session) ratings were collected at all 4 sites. From the 199 patients randomized, we had usable data from 142 subjects for the initial 15 TMS sessions (double-blind phase) delivered over 3 weeks (142 × 2 × 15 = 4260 rating sessions). Results: The painfulness of real TMS was initially higher than that of the active sham condition. Over the 15 treatment sessions, subjective reports of the painfulness of rTMS (during the beginning, middle and end of the session) decreased significantly 37% from baseline in those receiving active TMS, with no change in painfulness in those receiving sham. This reduction, although greatest in the first few days, continued steadily over the 3 weeks. Overall, there was a decay rate of 1.56 VAS points per session in subjective painfulness of the procedure in those receiving active TMS. Discussion: The procedural pain of left, prefrontal rTMS decreases over time, independently of other emotional changes, and only in those receiving active TMS. These data suggest that actual TMS stimulation of prefrontal cortex maybe related to the reduction in pain, and that it is not a non-specific accommodation to pain. This painfulness reduction softly corresponds with later clinical outcome. Further work is needed to better understand this phenomenon and whether acute within-session or over time painfulness changes might be used as short-term biomarkers of antidepressant response. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the primary foot motor area in Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been reported to be clinically effective for treating motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease (PD). Few studies have been performed reporting the effects of rTMS on non-motor symptoms such as depression and apathy in PD. Objective: We assessed the effects of high-frequency (HF) rTMS over the primary motor (M1) foot area on motor symptoms, depression and apathy scales, and sensory symptoms in PD. Methods: We investigated the efficacy of 3 consecutive days of HF-rTMS over the M1 foot area in 21 patients with PD using a randomized, double-blind cross-over trial compared with sham stimulation. Motor effects were evaluated using the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale part III (UPDRS-III), the self-assessment motor score, the visual analog scale (VAS), the 10-m walking test, and finger tapping. Non-motor effects were analyzed using the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale, the Apathy Scale, and quantitative sensory testing. Results: HF-rTMS significantly improved UPDRS-III (P < 0.001), VAS (P < 0.001), the walking test (P = 0.014), self-assessment motor score (P = 0.010), and finger tapping measurement (P < 0.05) compared to sham stimulation. In contrast, no significant improvement was observed in depression and apathy scales. Consecutive days of rTMS did not significantly increase the improvement in motor symptoms. There were no adverse effects following rTMS on patients with PD. Conclusions: We confirmed that HF-rTMS over the M1 foot area significantly improved motor symptoms in patients with PD. In addition, daily repeated stimulation was not significantly more effective than a single session of stimulation, but may be effective for maintaining the improvement in motor symptoms in patients with PD. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Relapse following successful electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: A meta-analysis$$$ High rates of early relapse following electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are typically reported in the literature. Current treatment guidelines offer little information to clinicians on the optimal nature of maintenance therapy following ECT. The aim of this study was to provide a systematic overview of the existing evidence regarding post-ECT relapse. A keyword search of electronic databases was performed for studies appearing in the peer-reviewed literature before January 2013 reporting on relapse rates in responders to an acute course of ECT administered for a major depressive episode. Meta-analyses were performed where appropriate. Thirty-two studies with up to 2 years' duration of follow-up were included. In modern era studies of continuation pharmacotherapy, 51.1% (95% CI=44.7-57.4%) of patients relapsed by 12 months following successful initial treatment with ECT, with the majority (37.7%, 95% CI=30.7-45.2%) relapsing within the first 6 months. The 6-month relapse rate was similar in patients treated with continuation ECT (37.2%, 95% CI=23.4-53.5%). In randomized controlled trials, antidepressant medication halved the risk of relapse compared with placebo in the first 6 months (risk ratio=0.49, 95% CI=0.39-0.62, p<0.0001, number needed to treat=3.3). Despite continuation therapy, the risk of relapse within the first year following ECT is substantial, with the period of greatest risk being the first 6 months. The largest evidence base for efficacy in post-ECT relapse prevention exists for tricyclic antidepressants. Published evidence is limited or non-existent for commonly used newer antidepressants or popular augmentation strategies. Maintenance of well-being following successful ECT needs to be improved. © 2013 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
Intensive HF-rTMS treatment in refractory medication-resistant unipolar depressed patients$$$ Background Major depression is a worldwide severe mental health problem. Unfortunately, not all depressed patients respond to pharmacotherapy or psychotherapy, even when adhering to treatment guidelines. Even though current guidelines do not in particular advocate repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in refractory treatment resistant depression (TRD), using more intensive stimulation parameters might hold promise as a valuable alternative. Objective Consequently, in this randomized sham-controlled crossover study, we wanted to evaluate clinical outcome of intensive HF-rTMS treatment in TRD when applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Methods After a 2-week antidepressant washout, 20 unipolar TRD patients, at least stage III, received 20 sham-controlled high-frequency (HF)-rTMS sessions, in a crossover design. Five daily suprathreshold HF-rTMS sessions were spread over four successive days delivering in total 31,200 stimuli. Results Overall, the procedure resulted in immediate statistical significant decreases in depressive symptoms regardless of order/type of stimulation (real/sham), suggesting possible placebo responses. On the other hand, albeit only 35% (7/20) of the patients showed a 50% reduction of their initial Hamilton Depression rating score at the end of the two-week procedure, all these patients showed a prompt clinical response after real HF-rTMS treatment, not after sham. Furthermore, a shorter duration of the current depressive episode was a predictor for beneficial clinical outcome. Unresponsiveness to former ECT could be indicative for negative clinical outcome in these kinds of patients. Limitations Single center setup with relatively small sample size and no follow-up. Conclusions Our findings indicate that intensive HF-rTMS treatment might have the potential to result in fast clinical response when confronted with a refractory TRD patient. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Health related quality of life and device-acceptance in patients with implantable cardioverter-defibrillators and telemonitoring$$$ Objectives: Telemedical systems (TMS) and data management for implantable cardioverter-defibrillators (ICD) promise to reduce costs and optimize patient care. Depressive symptoms are common among patients with an ICD and the health related quality of life (HRQoL) is affected by the underlying disease and the implanted device, respectively. TMS might improve the HRQoL of patients and ICDs acceptance due to closer monitoring and, thereby, an increased level of perceived safety. In this RCT, changes in the level of depression, HRQoL and ICD-acceptance over a period of six months after ICD-implantation were investigated. Methods: A total of 161 patients (80.7% male; age: 64,1±14,6; 82% with coronary disease, 11% with DCM) with an ICD were randomized at the day of implantation into intervention (n= 82) or control group (n= 79). The intervention group was equipped with a telemonitoring-system that transferred ICD-data from the patients' home to the medical practitioner. The control group received regular care. Patients were asked to fill out three questionnaires (the generic EQ-5D, the depression specific HADS and the device specific FPAS); the follow-up period was six month, with postal surveys on a monthly basis. Results: Nine patients dropped out before survey completion. A total of 140 patients filled out at least two sets of questionnaires and were included in the analyses. After six months the mean improvement in the HRQoL (EQ-5D-Index) in the telemonitoring group was 10.7 points compared to baseline (p= .006) while the mean change in HRQoL in the control group was 5.5 (p= .138). FPAS and HADS-D showed small but non-significant advantage for the telemonitoring group. Conclusions: Preliminary results suggest that TMS have the ability to improve HRQoL of patients with ICDs. Results on effects towards depression and anxiety and enhancement of ICDs acceptance are also promising. Since ICDs are used in chronic diseases a longer follow-up period seems to be required to validate the effects.
Cost-effectiveness of antidepressant after 24 months of treatment based on discrete event simulation modeling (DESM): Ag omelatine versus matrix comparator of escitalopram, sertraline and venlafaxine in a thai setting$$$ Objectives: To compare cost-effectiveness of agomelatine versus an escitalopram- sertraline-venlafaxine matrix comparator. Methods: A DESM describes course of depressive disorders with acute , continuation, and maintenance treatment of depression in Thai setting for 24 months. A sample of 250,000 patients with 100 simulations were assumed with Exigo® model. Antidepressants were analyzed for treatment of episodes(12-24 weeks),continuation phase(6-9 months) maintenance phase over 2 years follow-up. Data inputs included Thai data on disease parameters; Cost included antidepressants, drugs for insomnia, sexual side-effects, cognitive behavioral therapy(CBT), electroconvulsive therapy(ECT) and mean cost of psychiatric visits. Impact measures were derived from a systemic review. Results were presented as cost(Thai-Baht currency-THB) per Life- Year-Remission(LYR) averted and Quality-Adjusted Life Year(QALY) compared with branded antidepressants in the matrix comparator (46%escitalopram, 33%sertraline 21%venlafaxine). Model simulation initiated with either agomelatine 25mg or comparators(escitalopram10mg,sertraline100mg,venlafaxine 150mg by random selection). Relapse cases required dose increase fro each antidepressant addition of CBT and ECT. Data on impact of treatment on quality of life in patients free from relapse, sexual side effects, insomnia were taken from cochrane database. Results: During 24 months, patients treated with agomelatine cost 15,814.2THB and 20,232.0THB per LYR and QALY gains, whereas with comparator cost 17,999.6THB and 23,431.7THB per LYR and QALY gains. As a result, the incremental cost-effectiveness ratio(ICER) shows that agomelatine is the most cost-effective antidepressant for episodic treatment with/without continuation or maintenance phase, its cost being lower than comparator by 153,283 and 83,645 THB per LYR and QALY. These results were robust, probability sensitivity analysis suggested that agomelatine was effective for a willingness-to-pay of 300,000THB,95%CI of -146,120.4 to -179,651.0THB per QALY, with probability of > 0.90. Conclusions: Based on the model, agomelatine is the most cost-effective treatment option as compared with escitalopram,sertraline, and venlafaxine in a matrix comparator, with regard to side effects especially sexual dysfunction agomelatine should be considered as the most cost-effective option for treatment of depression.
Phase ii study comparing cisplatin/ etoposide and weekly paclitaxol/carboplatin regimens with concurrent thoracic radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced nonsmall cell lung cancer$$$ Background: To evaluate the effect and safety of concurrent thoracic radiotherapy (TRT) with Cisplatin/Etoposide (PE) compared with weekly Paclitaxol/Carboplatin (PC) regimens in patients with stage III non-small cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods: Patients with stage III NSCLC were randomly assigned to receive PE regimen (PE arm) cisplatin 50mg/m2 d1, 8, 29 and 36, etoposide 50mg/m2 d1-5 and 29-33 concurrent with TRT 60Gy, or PC regimen (PC arm) carboplatin (AUC=2) and paclitaxol 45mg/m2 concurrent with TRT 60Gy. Results: 156 patients were registered. Eventually, 149 were assigned to PE arm (73) and PC (76). The median follow-up time was 38 months. The median survival time (MST) was 20 months. The 2-year overall survival (OS) and 3-year OS were 39.8% and 32.9%. The 2-year progress free survival (PFS) and 3-year PFS were 24.8% and 22.4%. The MST of PE arm and PC arm were 22 months and 20 months, and the median progress free time were 13 months and 11months, respectively. The 2-year OS of PE arm and PC arm were 44.9% and 35%, the 3-year OS were 40% and 26.2% (p=0.323), respectively. The 2-year PFS of PE arm and PC arm were 27.7% and 22.1%, 3-year PFS were 24.5% and 20.5% (p=0.449), respectively. The incidence of Great 3/4 bone marrow depression of PE arm and PC arm were 34.2% and 23.7% (p=0.29). The incidence of Great 2 or greater radiation pneumonitis of PE arm and PC arm were 19.2% and 26.3% (p=0.059). Conclusion: For stage III NSCLC, concurrent TRT with PE regimen has improved PFS and OS comparing with PC regimen without significant difference. Concurrent PE regimen has a lower incidence of Great 2 or greater radiation pneumonitis.
Evidence-based treatments in therapy-resistant bipolar depression$$$ Objective To present an overview of all available randomized trials on treatment strategies in patients with medication-resistant bipolar depression, a common clinical problem. DESIGN Systematic review. Method We carried out a Medline search for publications from 1966 to 2012 using the search terms 'treatment resistance' or 'treatment refractory', 'bipolar depression' and 'bipolar disorder', supplemented by 43 separate searches using various pharmacological agents or technical interventions as search terms. Results Only 7 studies met the inclusion criteria. These studies examined the efficacy of ketamine (n = 2), modafinil (n = 1), pramipexole (n = 1), lamotrigine (n = 1), inositol (n = 1), risperidone (n = 1), and electroconvulsion therapy (ECT) (n = 2). Conclusion Published data on treatment strategies in patients with therapy-resistant bipolar depression are extremely scarce. Although the drugs studied are very promising, most of the strategies - with the exception of ECT - remain experimental. There is an urgent need for further study in homogeneous patient samples in which the concept of treatment resistance should be clear.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the prevention of relapse of depression: Study protocol for a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Depression is a chronic illness that generally requires lifelong therapy. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive technique with few side effects that has been reported to be useful in the treatment of depression. However, no studies to date have evaluated in a randomized controlled trial (RCT) the efficacy of rTMS for maintenance treatment of depression.Methods/design: In this article, we report the design and protocol of a randomized, single-blind, placebo-controlled, parallel-group, multicenter study in China to evaluate the efficacy of rTMS in the prevention of relapse of depressive symptoms. In total, 540 patients, aged 18 to 60 years, diagnosed with depression and experiencing an acute exacerbation of depressive symptoms, will be enrolled. The study will consist of four phases: a screening/tolerability phase of up to 7 days; an open-label, flexible-dose lead-in phase of 8 weeks; an open-label, fixed-dose stabilization phase of 6 weeks; and a single-blind relapse prevention phase of 12 months. During the open-label phase, all patients will be treated with venlafaxine. Remitters with Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D17) score ≤7 will be eligible to enter the single-blind phase and will be randomly assigned to one of three groups: group 1 on active rTMS and venlafaxine; group 2 on sham rTMS and venlafaxine; and group 3 on venlafaxine alone. Efficacy will be evaluated during the study using relapse assessment (time between subject randomization to treatment and the first occurrence of relapse). Secondary outcome measures will include: symptom changes, measured by the HAM-D17; illness severity changes, measured by the Clinical Global Impression of Severity for Depression (CGI-S-DEP); and changes in subject functioning, assessed with the Personal and Social Performance (PSP)scale. Safety will be assessed throughout the study by monitoring of adverse events, clinical laboratory tests, electrocardiography (ECG), and measurements of vital signs (temperature, pulse, and blood pressure) and weight. Suicidality will be assessed by the Columbia Suicide Severity Rating Scale (C-SSRS).Discussion: The result of this trial will assess the efficacy of rTMS in the prevention of relapse of symptoms of depression by determining whether rTMS in combination with an antidepressant is more efficacious than the antidepressant alone for maintenance of the clinical response. Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01516931. © 2013 Wang et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
A review of body dysmorphic disorder and its presentation in different clinical settings$$$ Objective: Body dysmorphic disorder (BDD) is a relatively common psychiatric disorder characterized by preoccupations with perceived defects in physical appearance. This review aimed to explore epidemiology, clinical features, comorbidities, and treatment options for BDD in different clinical settings. Data Source and Study Selection: A search of the literature from 1970 to 2011 was performed using the MEDLINE search engine. English-language articles, with no restriction regarding the type of articles, were identified using the search terms body dysmorphic disorder, body dysmorphic disorder clinical settings, body dysmorphic disorder treatment, and body dysmorphic disorder & psychodermatology. Results: BDD occurs in 0.7% to 2.4% of community samples and 13% of psychiatric inpatients. Etiology is multifactorial, with recent findings indicating deficits in visual information processing. There is considerable overlap between BDD and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) in symptom etiology and response to treatment, which has led to suggestions that BDD can be classified with anxiety disorders and OCD. A recent finding indicated genetic overlap between BDD and OCD. Over 60% of patients with BDD had a lifetime anxiety disorder, and 38% had social phobia, which tends to predate the onset of BDD. Studies reported a high level of comorbidity with depression and social phobia occurring in > 70% of patients with BDD. Individuals with BDD present frequently to dermatologists (about 9%-14% of dermatologic patients have BDD). BDD co-occurs with pathological skin picking in 26%-45% of cases. BDD currently has 2 variants: delusional and nondelusional, and both variants respond similarly to serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs), which may have effect on obsessive thoughts and rituals. Cognitive-behavioral therapy has the best established treatment results. Conclusions: A considerable overlap exists between BDD and other psychiatric disorders such as OCD, anxiety, and delusional disorder, and this comorbidity should be considered in evaluation, management, and long-term follow-up of the disorder. Individuals with BDD usually consult dermatologists and cosmetic surgeons rather than psychiatrists. Collaboration between different specialties (such as primary care, dermatology, cosmetic surgery, and psychiatry) is required for better treatment outcome. © 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Neuromodulation for brain disorders: Challenges and opportunities$$$ The field of neuromodulation encompasses a wide spectrum of interventional technologies that modify pathological activity within the nervous system to achieve a therapeutic effect. Therapies including deep brain stimulation, intracranial cortical stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, and transcranial magnetic stimulation have all shown promising results across a range of neurological and neuropsychiatric disorders. While the mechanisms of therapeutic action are invariably different among these approaches, there are several fundamental neuroengineering challenges that are commonly applicable to improving neuromodulation efficacy. This paper reviews the state-of-the-art of neuromodulation for brain disorders and discusses the challenges and opportunities available for clinicians and researchers interested in advancing neuromodulation therapies. © 2013 IEEE.
Equivalent beneficial effects of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in a large randomized trial in treatment-resistant major depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment (rTMS) is an effective treatment for depression but the optimal methods of administration have yet to be determined. Recent studies have produced conflicting results as to whether unilateral rTMS is more or less effective than sequentially applied bilateral rTMS. To address this we conducted a trial comparing sequential bilateral rTMS to right-sided unilateral rTMS using a priming protocol. Patients with treatment-resistant depression (nÂ =Â 179) were enrolled in a two-Arm randomized controlled trial across a 4-wk time period. The primary outcome assessment was the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Overall, there was a substantial response rate of >50% (and a 40% remission rate); however, there were no significant differences in clinical response between the two treatment groups. rTMS was well tolerated with a very low discontinuation rate. There was no relationship between response in the current trial and previous response, or non-response, to electroconvulsive therapy. We found no significant differences in clinical response between sequential bilateral rTMS and right-sided unilateral rTMS applied with a priming protocol. The results of this study do not support superior efficacy of bilateral rTMS and instead suggest that other approaches should be explored to increase treatment efficacy. © © CINP 2013Â.
Heart rate variability is a trait marker of major depressive disorder: Evidence from the sertraline vs electric current therapy to treat depression clinical study$$$ Decreased heart rate variability (HRV) is a cardiovascular predictor of mortality. Recent debate has focused on whether reductions in HRV in major depressive disorder (MDD) are a consequence of the disorder or a consequence of pharmacotherapy. Here we report on the impact of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a non-pharmacological intervention, vs sertraline to further investigate this issue. The employed design was a double-blind, randomized, factorial, placebo-controlled trial. One hundred and eighteen moderate-To-severe, medication-free, low-cardiovascular risk depressed patients were recruited for this study and allocated to either active/sham tDCS (10 consecutive sessions plus two extra sessions every other week) or placebo/sertraline (50Â mg/d) for 6Â wk. Patients were age and gender-matched to healthy controls from a concurrent cohort study [the Brazilian Longitudinal Study of Adult Health (ELSA-Brasil)]. The impact of disorder, treatment and clinical response on HRV (root mean square of successive differences and high frequency) was examined. Our findings confirmed that patients displayed decreased HRV relative to controls. Furthermore, HRV scores did not change following treatment with either a non-pharmacological (tDCS) or pharmacological (sertraline) intervention, nor did HRV increase with clinical response to treatment. Based on these findings, we discuss whether reduced HRV is a trait-marker for MDD, which may predispose patients to a host of conditions and disease even after response to treatment. Our findings have important implications for our understanding of depression pathophysiology and the relationship between MDD, cardiovascular disorders and mortality. © © CINP 2013Â.
Effect of serotonin on paired associative stimulation-induced plasticity in the human motor cortex$$$ Serotonin modulates diverse brain functions. Beyond its clinical antidepressant effects, it improves motor performance, learning and memory formation. These effects might at least be partially caused by the impact of serotonin on neuroplasticity, which is thought to be an important foundation of the respective functions. In principal accordance, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors enhance long-term potentiation-like plasticity induced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in humans. As other neuromodulators have discernable effects on different kinds of plasticity in humans, here we were interested to explore the impact of serotonin on paired associative stimulation (PAS)-induced plasticity, which induces a more focal kind of plasticity, as compared with tDCS, shares some features with spike timing-dependent plasticity, and is thought to be relative closely related to learning processes. In this single-blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized crossover study, we administered a single dose of 20 mg citalopram or placebo medication and applied facilitatory- and excitability-diminishing PAS to the left motor cortex of 14 healthy subjects. Cortico-spinal excitability was explored via single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation-elicited MEP amplitudes up to the next evening after plasticity induction. After citalopram administration, inhibitory PAS-induced after-effects were abolished and excitatory PAS-induced after-effects were enhanced trendwise, as compared with the respective placebo conditions. These results show that serotonin modulates PAS-induced neuroplasticity by shifting it into the direction of facilitation, which might help to explain mechanism of positive therapeutic effects of serotonin in learning and medical conditions characterized by enhanced inhibitory or reduced facilitatory plasticity, including depression and stroke. © 2013 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved.
H-coil repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for pain relief in patients with diabetic neuropathy$$$ Background: Painful neuropathy is associated with plasticity changes in the nervous system. Standard repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive technique used to study changes in cortical excitability and to inhibit pain perception. Deep rTMS is a newer development that allows direct activation of deeper neuronal populations, by a unique coil design termed the H-coil. This study was designed to assess whether deep rTMS applied over the motor cortical lower-limb representation relieves pain in patients with diabetic neuropathy. Methods: Patients were randomly assigned to receive daily real or sham H-coil rTMS for 5 consecutive days. After a 5-week washout period, they crossed over to the alternative treatment for additional 5 days (according to a crossover study design). Outcome measures were changes in the visual analogue scale (VAS) for pain and in area and threshold of RIII nociceptive flexion reflex (RIII reflex). Results: Of the 25 patients randomized, 23 completed the study. After real rTMS, the VAS scores decreased significantly (p = 0.01), and so did RIII reflex area (p < 0.01), while no significant effects in these variables were induced by the sham rTMS treatment. The rTMS-induced changes in the outcome measures disappeared about 3 weeks after stimulation. All patients tolerated stimulation well. Conclusions: Deep H-coil rTMS provides pain relief in patients with diabetic neuropathy. This innovative technique can induce a therapeutic effect on brain areas that otherwise remain difficult to target. rTMS may produce its analgesic effects, inducing motor cortex plasticity and activating descending inhibitory pain control systems. © 2013 European Federation of International Association for the Study of Pain Chapters.
Maintenance transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces depression relapse: A propensity-adjusted analysis$$$ Background: The effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is well established while studies of maintenance TMS are lacking. We aim here to determine whether maintenance is associated to a decrease in the relapse rate of depression, following successful acute treatment. Methods: We enrolled 59 consecutive patients with pharmacoresistant depression who have responded . (>50Z decrease in symptom severity) up to 6 weeks of acute TMS treatment. These patients received either 20 weeks of maintenance TMS (n=37) or no additional TMS treatment (n=22). We performed propensity adjusted-analysis to examine the association between the relapse rate over this 20-week period and maintenance TMS. Propensity analysis eliminated differences in baseline characteristics between patient with and without maintenance TMS and approximated the conditions of random site- of-treatment assignment. Results: At 20 weeks, relapse rate was significantly different between the two groups (p=0004, propensity analysis): 14 patients in the maintenance TMS group (378%) vs. 18 in the non-maintenance TMS group (818%), with an adjusted Hazard Ratio (HR)= 0288 (0124-0669). Conclusions: Maintenance TMS was associated with a significantly lower relapse rate in patients with pharmacoresistant depression in routine practice among responders. © 2013 Elsevier BV. All rights reserved. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Biologically based treatment approaches to the patient with resistant perinatal depression$$$ This study aims to summarize the current state of knowledge regarding approaches to treatment-resistant depression in pregnancy and the postpartum period and to develop algorithms for ante- and postnatal management in cases of refractory major depression. PubMed, Scopus, Google Scholar, and the Cochrane Library databases were searched without temporal restriction. Search terms included pregnancy and depression, perinatal depression, postnatal depression, treatment resistance and depression, antipsychotics and pregnancy, antidepressants and pregnancy, and mood stabilizers and pregnancy. Abstracts were reviewed for relevance, and further articles were obtained from bibliographic citations. There is a significant subpopulation of patients in pregnancy and postpartum whose depressive symptoms do not respond to first-line treatments. No research studies have focused specifically on this population. Data extracted from studies on women with depressive symptoms in pregnancy suggest that in the absence of evidence on which to base clinical decisions, many are receiving combinations of psychotherapeutic medications that have not been specifically studied for use in pregnancy. Antidepressant use in pregnancy is well studied, but studies specifically addressing the case of the patient who does not respond to first-line treatments are absent. Research in this area is urgently needed. The authors review a number of possible therapeutic approaches to treatment-resistant depression in pregnancy and the postpartum period. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Wien.
Demographic evaluation of patients treated with transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) in a university hospital$$$ Purpose: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation method that was first tested in animal studies in 1950s. First double blind placebo controlled tDCS study was of 10 major depression patients where 20 minutes of 1mA stimulation on prefrontal cortex on a daily basis resulted in the reduction of symptoms (1). Even though the exact neurophysiological mechanism is not clear, ameloriation in neurocognitive functions, impulsivitiy and decision making behaviour has been reported (2). We have started using tDCS in our hospital since 2011. In this study we aimed to evaluate patients that received tDCS on demographic variables, clinical response and cranial magnetic resonance (MR) findings. Methods: Medical files of outpatients and inpatients that were treated with tDCS in NPIstanbul Neuropsychiatry Hospital between december 2011 and september 2012 were examined retrospectively. Demographic variables and available cranial MR results were collected. Clinical response was evaluated via Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D) and Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) before and after the treatment. Results: A total of 28 patients (male=13, female=15) were treated with tDCS. 23 were inpatients and 5 were outpatients. The electrode was 1cmsquare in all patients. In 23 patients anode was placed on an area corresponding to the left prefrontal cortex and cathode on an area corresponding to the right prefrontal cortex. In 5 patients anode was placed on right prefrontal area and cathode on left prefrontal area. Duration of stimulation lasted 20 minutes in 27 patients with the exception of 15 minutes of 2 milliampere in one patient that had a cranial MR finding of encephalomalacia in left frontal area. Mean age of patients were 45.7. Mean disease duration was 7.8 years. Diagnostic distribution of patients were Major depression (n = 6), Major Depression and Dementia (n= 5), Schizoaffective Disorder (n = 5), Panic disorder (n = 4), Bipolar affective disorder (n = 3), Obsessive compulsive disorder and Major Depression (n= 2), Alcohol addiction (n = 1), Depression with psychotic features (n = 1) and benzodiazepine addiction (n = 1). There was a statistically significant reduction in HAMD and BPRS scores after treatment. Pretreatment cranial MR findings of 23 patients were as follows: cerebral atrophy 34.8% (n:10), no cerebral atrophy 37.8% (n:11) and vascular pathology 6.9% (n:2). Previous treatment history of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT, n = 11) and repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS, n = 15) was noted. Conclusions: Presented cases constitute a group of patients who had certain risks or previous non-response concerning other treatment options such as rTMS and ECT. tDCS related sideeffects was reported in only one patient that was relieved after changing electrode placement. Although major depression and schizoaffective disorder may have been the dominant diagnostic categories in our study, we may suggest that the rather easy applicability in elderly and agitated patients may support consideration of tDCS as an alternative treatment modality with relatively good clinical response.
Subgenual anterior cingulate cortical functional connectivity in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Purpose of the study: Major depression disorder (MDD) is a worldwide mental health problem affecting millions. Unfortunately, not all patients respond to the available pharmacological treatment algorithms and refractory depression is not uncommon. Further, the phenomenon of treatment-resistant depression (TRD) still remains unclear. Because of the pervasive and persistent nature of depressive symptoms, resting-state fMRI has been proposed as a new promising neuroimaging technique to examine alterations of network connectivity in MDD patients at rest. In spite that the subgenual anterior cingulate cortex (sgACC) has consistently been documented to be deregulated in MDD no resting state functional connectivity (rsFC) studies yet focused on sgACC dysfunction in TRD. As it was stated that a stronger FC anti-correlation between the sgACC and distinct parts of the (dorsal) prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) could be indicative for clinical response to repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) [1], our research objective was to evaluate whether FC sgACC could differentiate high-frequency (HF)-rTMS (non) responders from never-depressed controls at baseline. Methods: We examined 20 antidepressant-free unipolar melancholic TRD patients (at least stage III) (Female:Male [F:M] = 15:4; mean age 49.4 y, sd 11.1) and 20 never-depressed individuals matched for age and gender (F:M = 15:4; mean age 44.9 y, sd 11.9). TRD patients were tapered-off their psychotropic drugs and all were medication-free for at least two weeks before scanning. Hereafter, only patients followed an intensive sham-controlled HF-rTMS treatment protocol applied to the left DLPFC [2]. Clinical response was defined as a 50% reduction of the baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score. Fisher's r-to-Z maps were submitted to a random-effect analysis in SPM8 in an independent Ti-test design containing age as covariate, thresholded with Alphasim correction with a cluster extent threshold (K) of 46 voxels and a voxel significance threshold of 0.05. The sgACC MNI coordinates were selected from Cisler [3] defining centroids of nodes comprising an affective cognitive network. Summary of results: Seven patients were identified as clinical responders after real HF-rTMS treatment and no patients responded to sham. Compared to the control group, TRD patients displayed significantly less sgACC FC with the right posterior cingulate gyrus (PCG) and significantly more sgACC FC with the right middle frontal gyrus. Importantly, our data also indicate that these FC sgACC differences seem to be driven by HF-rTMS responders and non-responders. Whereas HF-rTMS responders showed less sgACC FC with the right PCG, non-responders displayed stronger sgACC FC with the right prefrontal cortex. Conclusions: sgACC FC patterns are not univocal across depressed patients documented to be resistant to several pharmacotherapeutic interventions and can further be differentiated when such patients are responsive or not to non-invasive HF-rTMS treatment. Our results confirm the importance of PCG in MDD and the involvement of a continuous deregulation pattern between the sgACC and the right prefrontal cortex in HF-rTMS nonresponders. Our findings provide further insights into the complexity of sgACC deregulated networks and the possible indication for non-invasive neuromodulation options for TRD patients.
A randomized study of escitalopram and paroxetine controlled-release in the treatment of Japanese patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: According to the Meta-Analyses of New Generation Antidepressants (MANGA) study, escitalopram showed the best profile of efficacy as well as acceptability in major depressive disorder (MDD)1). On the other hand, another metaanalysis of placebo and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) controlled trials showed only paroxetine was superior to placebo in response rate. However, paroxetine caused greater discontinuation due to adverse events than placebo. Recently, paroxetine controlled-release (CR) was approved in Japan in 2012 for the management of MDD. Paroxetine CR was reported to be efficacious in the acute treatment of MDD and might have the potential benefit of decreasing the incidence of nausea in the early treatment period in Japanese MDD. However, there was no direct comparison between escitalopram and paroxetine CR. Therefore, we conducted a 4 weeks, randomized, parallel-group clinical study, using raters masked for type of SSRI, involving direct comparisons of escitalopram and paroxetine CR focusing on the clinical profile of the onset of action and tolerability in patients with MDD in routine practical clinical settings in Japan. Method: Eligible subjects ages 20-75 years with a current major depressive disorder (MDD) were randomized to receive either escitalopram or paroxetine CR, 4-week, rater-blinded study. All subjects met the following inclusion criteria: (1) a score of ≥15 on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) 5-point scale 6, (2) age of 20 to 70 years, (3) no systemic or neurologic diseases, including disturbances of hematopoiesis, (4) no history of electroconvulsive therapy within 6 months prior to study enrollment, (5) not pregnant, and (6) no dependence on any substances other than nicotine during the 5 years before enrollment. The primary efficacy measurement was a change in score from baseline to end of treatment on HRSD. The secondary efficacy measurements were the treatment response rate and the remission rate. A clinical response was defined as a decrease of >50% in the baseline HRSD score within 4 weeks, and clinical remission was defined as an HRSD score of <7 at 4 weeks. Other measurements were defined as changes from baseline to end of treatment in scores on Clinical Global Impressions (CGI)-Severity, CGI-Improvement, discontinuation rate and side effects. The protocol was approved by the Ethical Review Board of Fujita Health University. Study conduct was consistent with the Declaration of Helsinki. Results: Patients (n = 50) were randomly assigned to escitalopram group (n = 25) or paroxetine CR group (n = 25). There were no significant differences in the HRSD scores, age, percentage of male at baseline and the number of hospitalizations at baseline between the two treatment groups. Both escitalopram group and paroxetine CR group significantly improved the HRSD scores from baseline. There was no significant change in HRSD scores in terms of between-group differences. In addition, there were no significant differences in the response rate or remission rate between the two groups. There were no significant differences in the discontinuation rate due to any cause, inefficacy and side effects between the groups. Conclusions: Escitalopram and paroxetine CR were beneficial and well-tolerated treatments for Japanese patients with MDD.
The MANACOR study on treatment effectiveness in mania$$$ Introduction: The evidence base for the treatment of acute mania is mostly derived from registration trials. Only a few observational studies, including the EMBLEM [1] and the WAVE-bd [2] studies, have reported the outcome of manic patients in routine clinical conditions. The treatment of mania begins with a correct diagnosis and basic measures to prevent risks to the patient, family members and others. Patients with psychotic, dual or mixed mania may be more difficult to treat. There is now strong evidence from randomised, placebo-controled trials, supporting the use of lithium, anticonvulsants such as valproate and carbamazepine, and most antipsychotics (chlorpromazine, haloperidol, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole, paliperidone and asenapine) in acute mania, and some evidence supporting the use of clozapine, tamoxifen and electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of refractory patients. However, the clinical, neuropsychological, and functional outcome in routine clinical conditions is still understudied. Objectives: The MANACOR study addressed the safety and effectiveness of several drugs in the treatment of mania in 4 university hospitals in the area of Catalonia (Spain). Secondary outcomes included cognitive performance and functioning. Method: One hundred and seventeen patients fulfilling DSM-IV criteria for bipolar I disorder and for a manic episode were assessed with the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-17), and the Clinical Global Impression for Bipolar Disorder (CGI-BP). Adverse events were systematically collected. Patients were also assessed with a neurocognitive battery (SCIP) and with the Functioning Assessment Short Test (FAST). Patients were followed for up to 6 months. Clinical features such as psychotic symptoms or mixed symptoms and comorbidity were specifically subanalysed. Results: The majority of patients (76%) were hospitalised. Up to 82% of patients had comorbid substance use disorders. Anxiety (19%), depressive features (27%), and psychosis (56%) were also common in manic patients. Patients were treated with a variety of antipsychotics, including aripiprazole, asenapine, olanzapine, quetiapine and risperidone, and mood-stabilisers. The most commonly used drug was lithium (41%), but in most cases it was combined with antipsychotics. Treatment was associated to significant improvements in several measures of short-term effectiveness (YMRS p<0.0001), including functioning (FAST total p<0.0001) and was generally well tolerated. Conclusions: This is the first report from an observational study that is still underway. Preliminary results from the MANACOR study show that the treatment of mania in clinical practice consists basically in antipsychotic drugs in combination with mood stabilisers. In Spain, lithium appears to be the first choice among mood stabilisers. The majority of patients had comorbidities, particularly substance abuse, in sharp contrast with the population that is usually enrolled in randomised clinical trials. Despite the severity and complexity of the manic patients who are seen in clinical settings, clinical outcomes significantly improved. Observational studies provide useful insights into the outcome of patients who are mostly excluded from registration studies. This is particularly important in mania, where as shown in the MANACOR study, over 80% of 'real world' patients would never be included in a registration trial.
Treating pharmacoresistant depression in psychogeriatry-should electroconvulsive therapy or intravenous seropram be used?$$$ Introduction: Major depression in elderly with partial or no response to peroral antidepressants is a serious clinical problem. In these case, combination of different types of antidepressant [1], combination of antidepressants with antipsychotics or mood stabilizers [2] or electroconvulsive therapy [3] can improve severe major depression. In psychogeriatry, electroconvulsive therapy may lead to severe memory impairment and therefore should be concidered carefully, as well as combination of different psychotropic drugs (risk of druh interactions). Purpose: Effectiveness evaluation of intravenous seropram therapy compared to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in pharmacoresistant depression among seniors. Ethical consideration: Informed consent obtained from all patients. Ethical board consent. Methods: Design: Patients hospitalized in Mental hospital Kromeríz, in 2012, aged 65+, fulfilling diagnostic criteria for major depression (ICD-10) and failing to prior antidepressant therapy with two different antidepressants in monotherapy (pharmacoresistant major depression). Randomization of patients into two groups. Group 1: patients treated with intravenous seropram (N = 12, women = 8, men = 4, age 68.2±4.1). Group 2: patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy (N = 8, women = 7, men = 1, age 67.3±3.9). Intravenous seropram application: initially 20 mg of intravenous seropram, after 3 days 40 mg of intravenous seropram. Electroconvulsive therapy application: Thymatron DG apparatus, unilateral position of electrodes, application 2times per week, up to 8 electroconvulsions. Definitions: Effect of depression treatment = 50% decrease in HAMD score. Cognitive impairment = decrease of 2 or more points in MMSE. Side effect of seropram: anxiety, cephalea, nausea, extrapyramidal side effects, agitation or other side effects as a result of intravenous seropram treatment. Instruments for outcomes evaluation: Hamilton depression scale (HAMD) for evaluation major depression, Mini-Mental state examination (MMSE) - at the beginning of treatment, after 1, 3, 6 week of therapy. Side effects monitoring of intravenous seropram according Czech AISL database (database of information of all legally registered drugs in Czech Republic). Statistical analysis: Statistica 7.0 program, chi2 test, significance at 0.05 p-value. Summary of results: Intravenous seropram treatment was effective in 83.3% of pharmacoresistant major depressions, compared to 87.5% effectiveness of electroconvulsive treatment outcome (the result was not statistically significant, p = 0.112). Intravenous seropram induced side effects in 16.7% of patients (N = 2): one case of extrapyramidal parkinsonoid was detected which leaded to discontinuation of therapy and one case of anxiety which was corrected with low dose of lorazepam. Memory impairment induced by unilateral electroconvulsive therapy was detected in 25.0% of patients (N = 2), both cases of memory impairment were detected first week of electroconvulsion application, both were time-limited and recovered completely 6th week of therapy with nootropic support (piracetam 2 400 mg daily). Difference between intravenous seropram therapy side effects and memory impairment induced by unilateral electroconvulsive therapy was not statistically significant (p = 0.167). Conclusions: Both intravenous seropram therapy and electroconvulsive therapy was effective in treating pharmacoresistant major depression. No statistically significant difference was detected between intravenous seropram and electroconvulsive therapy effectiveness in treatment of pharmacoresistant depression. No statistically significant difference was detected between intravenous seropram therapy side effects and memory impairment induced by unilateral electroconvulsive therapy.
Bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for auditory hallucinations: A randomised controlled, cross-over study$$$ Purpose: Auditory hallucinations are a characteristic symptom of schizophrenia and are often resistant to pharmacological treatment. Previous repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) studies have targeted left temporoparietal area in the treatment of auditory hallucinations with inconsistent findings, but the relative importance of left or right hemispheric stimulation has been minimally explored. There is some evidence to show that the pathology of auditory hallucinations involves not only the left, but also the right hemisphere. Auditory hallucinations generally tend to be reduced or suppressed when the patients talk to someone. We hypothesized that the activation of Broca's area by high-frequency rTMS would reduce the severity of auditory hallucinations. Therefore, we aimed to investigate the beneficial effect of diverse modules of rTMS given to several temporoparietal areas bilaterally on auditory hallucinations. Methods: The present study used a double-blind placebocontrolled cross-over design with four different treatment modules. The treatment modules were composed of low-frequency (1 Hz) at T3-P3 (L-TP), high-frequency (20 Hz) at T3-P3 (H-TP), high-frequency (20 Hz) at Broca's area (H-B) and sham at T3-P3 or Broaca's area. Twenty-two schizophrenic patients according to DSM-IV criteria were randomly allocated to different sequence of 4 treatment modules. The patients received each module twice a day (right and left sides, spaced by more than 3 hours) for three days with interval of at least three days between the modules. In the sham module, stimulation coil was angled 45° off the scalp. Efficacy was measured using the Auditory Hallucination Rating Scale (AHRS), Hallucination change scale (HCS) as the primary outcome. Secondary outcome was evaluated by the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale (PANSS) and Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia (CDSS). Responder was defined as more than 20% reduction of AHRS total score. Adverse events were evaluated using the adverse events record form consisting of 11- items which were reported most commonly in the previous rTMS clinical trials. All adverse events spontaneously reported were also recorded. Results: There were no significant differences of rTMS effects on auditory hallucinations between the four treatment modules. However, separate paired t-test in each module revealed that only L-TP module produced significant improvement on the AHRS total score and HCS total score. The proportion of responder was greater in the L-TP and H-TP modules compared to H-B and sham modules. The participants showed significant improvement in the PANSS positive, general and total score after the completion of treatment schedules but the PANSS negative score and CDSS score did not change significantly. The common reported adverse events during rTMS were local pain at the site of stimulation, dizziness and headache. These adverse events are usually mild and generally well tolerated. Conclusions: We could not find out beneficial effects of bilateral stimulation of rTMS on auditory hallucinations. Moreover, H-B module did not produce significant effects on auditory hallucinations. To confirm these findings, parallel design is required.
Treatment of cognitive deficits in adolescents with early-onset schizophrenia: A randomised controlled trial of cognitive remediation$$$ Early-onset schizophrenia (EOS) is a severe form of schizophrenia associated with significant decline or arrest in several cognitive domains. Cognitive Remediation Therapy (CRT) is a behavioral intervention that aims to improve cognitive processes with the goal of durability and generalization to patients' community functioning. Large body of data supports the efficacy of CRT in adults with schizophrenia but few studies have analyzed its effects in young people. Objective: To examine the efficacy of CRT to improve cognition and functional outcome in adolescents with EOS. Methods: Randomized controlled trial of CRT plus treatment as usual (CRT) compared to treatment-as-usual as control group (TAU) (NCT01701609). CRT was implemented on an individual basis following the Frontal/Executive program procedure. Fifty adolescents (aged 12-18 years) with EOS (DSM-IV schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, onset before 18) were randomized to the groups (25 and 25). Patients had to be clinically and pharmacologically stabilized during the last 6 weeks before the baseline assessment and had to be cognitively impaired. Exclusion criteria were current IQ<70, active misuse disorder, organic brain syndromes and having received electroconvulsive therapy in the previous 6 months. Assessment: Symptoms (PANSS, Calgary Depression Scale), cognitive domains (tests in Spanish similar to those included in the MATRICS consensus battery) and functional measures (Life Skills Profile - LSP-, Vineland Adaptive Behavior Scales - VABS-, C-GAS, Rosenberg Self-Esteem Scale and Caregiver Burden Inventory - CBI). Intention-to-treat analyses were used. Repeated measures ANOVA design was employed, between conditions (CRT vs. TAU), and baseline and post-treatment as the time points. ANCOVAs were performed to control for potential confounders. Results: There were no significance baseline differences between groups on demographic measures, IQ, mean chlorpromazine equivalent for antipsychotic medication dosage (CPZE), depressive and positive symptoms, emotional discomfort and hostility. CRT group had more negative symptoms (t = 2.16, p = 0.036) and total PANSS scores (t = 2.63, p = 0.012). The groups were comparable in all cognitive domains and functional measures, excepting for C-GAS (CRT group scored lower, t = 2.19, p = 0.034). The groups did not differ in symptoms changes and in CPZE adjustments during the trial. Results showed a beneficial effect of CRT overt TAU on global cognition (F = 7.48, p = 0.009), verbal memory (F = 10.12, p = 0.003), working memory (F = 4.43, p = 0.041) and executive functions (F = 5.85, p = 0.019). Results did not change when controlling for baseline cognition, excepting in working memory domain (F = 3.85, p = 0.056). The addition of symptoms baseline differences between groups as a covariate did not affect the results. CRT group had also greater improvements in LSP (F = 4.52, p = 0.039) and VABS (F = 5.08, p = 0.031), with baseline symptoms differences between groups adjusted for. No significant differences were found in C-GAS or self-esteem. Parents of patients in the CRT group reported greater improvement of their self-perceived burden after treatment (F = 7.44, p = 0.011). Conclusions: The findings are consistent with previous studies of CRT and add evidence for its efficacy in ameliorating cognitive impairments and improving functional outcome in adolescents with EOS.
Effectiveness of pramipexole for treatment-resistant depression: A case report$$$ Background and objectives: Pramipexole, a dopamine receptor agonist, is approved for the treatment of Parkinson's disease and restless legs syndrome. The literature relates an antidrepressant effect for the treatment of resistant unipolar and bipolar depression. Our aim is to show the interest of pramipexole in treatment of resistant depression, using a case report. Settings and method: Psychiatry department, Fernand-Widal Hospital, Paris. A case report study and literature review. Main outcome measures: Ms B., 84-year-old woman, is suffering from unipolar depression treated for 20 years. She has been first treated by amitriptyline for 15 years. Then, she received several antidepressants (mianserine, paroxetine) stopped because of side effects. At least, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was started. However, in May 2012, depressed mood, anhedonia, lack of energy and decreased motivation were observed, which are typical of a lack of dopamine. Nevertheless, because of mnesic troubles increasing, ECTs were stopped. Pramepixole was then started at the daily dose of 0.18 mg and raised by 0.18 mg each 3 days until 1.4 mg per day associated with venlafaxine 225 mg per day. Results: Pramipexole efficacy as evidenced by clinician evaluation and patient report. Ms B. had a rapidly and good improvement in symptoms of depression, with increased alertness, improved energy and motivation. Pramipexole was well tolerated by the patient; no significant side effects were noted. A literature search was performed between 2002 and 2012. All clinical studies in psychiatric populations were included and studies involving Parkinson's disease and restless legs syndrome were excluded. This yielded three randomized, placebo-controlled, made in double-blind trials. In this 3 studies, pramipexole brought significantly greater improvements in depression than placebo, using common scales. Furthermore, two studies in progress were finding in the web site Clinical trials. Conclusion: Pramipexole may be used in combination with other antidepressants involving serotonergic and noradrenergic systems. This case report illustrates the efficacy of pramipexole in treatment of resistant depressive symptoms. Pharmacist could have to frame pramipexole prescription in psychiatric population. He should control indications and graduate titration to avoid side effects (such as somnolence, nausea, headache or orthostatic hypotension).
Is ECT effective when used in cases of vascular depression?$$$ Objective: Various research studies have shown an association between brain white matter hyperintensities (WMHs) and poor response to antidepressant medication. WMHs are believed to result from vascular damage or ischaemia. Older people with late-onset depression show more evidence of white matter changes than agematched persons whose depression onset was in early or middle age, and it is said that the outcome of treating vascular depression in old age is less favourable than that observed in “nonvascular” cases (in which vascular changes are not thought to have been factors in causation). Thus treatment resistance in cases of late-life depression is commonly attributed to underlying vascular problems. Outcome studies have shown response rates of about 60% after treating late-life depression with adequate doses of a first and then a second antidepressant. However, subsequent treatment with ECT may lift the response rate to 80%. Why does ECT work when placebo and antidepressants don't? Is it as effective in vascular depression as it is in non-vascular cases? To date there has been little in the literature to show whether there are differences in response to ECT in vascular and nonvascular depression cases, nor whether the course is more likely to be prolonged, bilateral, with cognitive deterioration, or followed by maintenance ECT. Method: A pilot study to examine the feasibility of conducting a study to answer these questions has been conducted in Sydney. Conclusion: One of the difficulties has been in establishing reliability in classifying episodes of depression as “vascular” and “late-onset”.
The speed of response to electroconvulsive therapy versus medication in elderly depressed inpatients$$$ Objective: Depression can be a life-threatening disease in the elderly. Adequate and fast acting antidepressant treatment is important. Electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) is recognised as a fast acting safe antidepressive therapy, especially in the elderly. However, studies with matched groups of patients on antidepressants are scarce. In this study we compared the speed of the antidepressant response in the first three weeks of ECT to the first three weeks of medication treatment. Methods: In a post hoc analysis of two randomized clinical trials in inpatients with a major depression, 44 patients (female 75.0%, mean age 73.8 sd 7.8) treated with unilateral ECT were compared with 68 patients (female 73.5%; mean age 72.2 sd 7.5) treated with nortriptyline or venlafaxine. Inclusion criteria were age ≥ 60 years, Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) score at baseline ≥ 20. We performed a longitudinal mixed model analysis with total MADRS and total Hamilton Rating Scale ofDepression (HRSD) at the first three weeks of treatment as outcome measures, adjusted for age, gender, duration of current depressive episode, and psychotic features. Results: Both MADRS and HRSD scores improved faster in three weeks of ECT than in three weeks of medication. MADRS (B (time∗group) = 4.35; df = 348; 95%CI = 2.70-6.00; p<.001) and HRSD (B (time∗group) = 1.87; df = 342; 95%CI = 0.70-3.03; p = .002). Conclusions: Considering the substantially higher speed of response, ECT deserves a more prominent position in treatment of elderly inpatients with severe depression.
Deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can improve depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis: Results from a clinical phase 1/2a study$$$ Background: Fatigue and depression are frequent symptoms in patients with multiple sclerosis (MS), affecting up to 90% at onset or during the course of the disease. The underlying pathobiology is poorly understood, and - as regards fatigue - evidence-based therapeutic strategies are limited. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown efficacy in the treatment of major depression. Recently developed TMS-coils, like the novel H-Coil, allow for stimulation of deeper brain regions, which are presumably involved in the complex pathophysiology of both fatigue and depression. Stimulation with the H-coil has been shown to be safe and well tolerated in healthy volunteers and efficacious in patients with major depression. Objective: To perform a randomized, sham-controlled phase I/IIa study to evaluate safety and efficacy of deep rTMS on fatigue and depression in patients with MS. This trial is registered as NCT01106365. Patients/Methods: 28 MS patients (42.9 ± 9.2 years) underwent 18 sessions of deep rTMS over a period of 6 weeks. Nine patients received true stimulation (18Hz, 120% resting motor threshold) of the left prefrontal cortex (PFC), 10 patients bilateral motor cortex (MC) stimulation (5Hz, 90% resting motor threshold) and 10 patients received sham stimulation over the left PFC. Fatigue was assessed by the Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS), the Modified Fatigue Impact Scale (MFIS), the Epworth Sleepiness Scale (ESS) and a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS). Symptoms of depression were rated with the 18-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMDS) and the Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: No significant changes in FSS and BDI were observed under sham- and true PFC stimulation conditions. In contrast, the MC group showed a non-significant trend of decrease in the FSS during the treatment period that reached significance in the follow up phase (-26,72% ± 16.3%, p=0.001). In addition, a significant decrease in BDI values could be observed under MC stimulation conditions as early as two weeks after first stimulation (-25.74%±24.36%, p=0.013) reaching a maximum in the follow up phase (-39.23%±21.57, p=0.001). Results of the other fatigueand depression rating scales were in line with FSS- and BDI results reported here. Conclusion: Our data suggest that deep rTMS of the motor cortex has the potential to ameliorate MS-related fatigue and depression that outlasts the time of stimulation.
Transcranial direct current stimulation over the primary motor cortex in children and adolescents: Tms/EEG study$$$ Introduction. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive technique for brain stimulation that has been used to study fundamental mechanisms of neuronal plasticity. Successful application of this technique as a therapeutic tool for adult neurological and psychiatric diseases such as stroke, migraine, epilepsy, Parkinson's disease and major depression, may prompt us to use tDCS in pediatric studies. Since the developing brain shows a greater capacity of brain plasticity, noninvasive brain stimulation might induce greater benefits in children than in adults. Thus, tDCS can provide insight into normal and aberrant developmental neurology and neurophysiology in children. So far, applications of tDCS in the pediatric studies are not well developed. Recent study about the safety of the use of tDCS in children suggests that there is a minimal risk associated with this technique. Further studies regarding effective use of tDCS in children/adolescents are needed. To detect changes in cortical excitability we analysed motor evoked potentials (MEPs) and TMS evoked potentials (N100) before and after tDCS over the primary motor cortex. Methods. Anodal, cathodal or sham tDCS (1 mA) was applied for 10 min on the left M1 HAND in 19 healthy participants, aged between 11 and 16 years. tDCS was delivering by a battery driven stimulator (NeuroConn GmbH, Ilmenau, Germany) through conductive- rubber electrodes (5 × 7 cm). The minimum period between sessions for a single subject was 7 days, and sessions were applied in randomized order. MEPs and TMS-evoked N100 were measured by TMS-electromyograph (EMG) and 64-channel EEG pre and immediately after stimulation as well as every 10 minutes after tDCS up to 60 minutes. Results. In all subjects the tDCS was well tolerated. An important finding of this study is that 1 mA anodal as well as cathodal tDCS resulted in a significant increase of MEP amplitudes. Sham tDCS did not induce significant MEP alterations. Interestingly, 1-mA cathodal stimulation suppressed significantly the N100 amplitude of TMS-evoked potentials compared with baseline and sham stimulation. In contrast to that effect, the anodal tDCS did not modify the N100 amplitudes significantly when compared with sham stimulation. Conclusion. Our results suggest that the tDCS stimulation effects differ between children and adults. This should be taken into account for applications of the stimulation technique in treatment neurological and psychiatric disorders in children.
Trials in psychiatry$$$ Objectives: Psychiatric disorders like depression, anxiety and schizophrenias are currently mainly treated with pharmacotherapeutic and psychotherapeutic methods. The success measured as improvement of symptoms under pharmacotherapeutic and psychotherapeutic treatment strategies is surprisingly good with high effect sizes (>0.8) in randomized controlled trials. However, there is still room and need for improvement. Methods: Non-invasive brain stimulation methods like repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) are increasingly applied (1) in combination with neuroimaging methods like fMRI, NIRS or EEG in order to better understand the pathophysiological background of the above-mentioned psychiatric disorders or disorder-related symptoms and (2) as an alternative or add-on therapeutic approach. Results: Evidence from multiple studies with rTMS and in the last years also with tDCS points to a major role of a dysfunction of the lateral prefrontal cortex in depression and anxiety and of the temporal cortex in auditory hallucinations in schizophrenic patients. Treatment protocols with rTMS and tDCS focussing on a functional improvement of these brain regions in the respective disorders provide first evidence for a therapeutic application. Conclusion: Both rTMS and tDCS are of increasing importance as methods for an improved understanding of the brain pathophysiology underlying depression, anxiety and schizophrenias as well as methods suitable for a direct therapeutic application in these disorders.
tDCS-from resting state network modulation to enhancing psychotherapy$$$ Introduction: Anodal tDCS of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been associated with improvement of cognitive performance and suggested as therapeutic intervention for several neurological and psychiatric disorders. Most recently, anodal tDCS has been shown to improve deficient cognitive control in major depression. Based on previous behavioral findings and preclinical data of tDCS inducing long-term NMDA receptor and/or BDNF-dependent plasticity, anodal tDCS of the DLPFC may be theoretically suitable for enhancing the effects of psychotherapeutic interventions similar to pharmacological strategies like d-cycloserine. Objectives: To investigate whether anodal tDCS of the DLPFC applied as group intervention enhances the effect of a behavioral group therapy program for nicotine dependency. Material and methods: Following the investigation of tDCS mediated effects in resting state EEG activity and event related potentials, these effects were further characterized using resting state fMRI in healthy subjects who underwent real and sham tDCS in a randomized cross-over design. tDCS was applied for 20 min at 2 mA with the anode positioned over the left DLPFC and the cathode over the right supra-orbital region. Resting state brain activity was measured before and after tDCS with 3T fMRI. Subsequently, the same tDCS protocol was used in subjects who underwent a behavioral psychotherapy group program for nicotine dependency. tDCS is applied in a placebo-controlled, double-blind pilot study in 36 subjects who want to quit smoking. This study is still ongoing (ClinicalTrials.gov: NCT01729507). Results: In healthy subjects, significant changes of regional brain activity were found for the default mode network (DMN) and both frontal-parietal networks (FPN) close to the primary stimulation site and in connected brain regions after real and compared to sham tDCS. The tDCS group intervention in nicotine dependency was feasible and well tolerated so far. The study is still ongoing and preliminary findings will be presented. Conclusion: These findings show that prefrontal tDCS modulates connectivity in resting state networks. Such modulation may theoretically allow facilitating the effects of learning in psychotherapy. Moreover, a tDCS group intervention appears to be feasible in adjunction to a behavioral therapy program and final results of this pilot study in nicotine dependency will allow a first evaluation of its therapeutic efficacy.
Combined left-and right-prefrontal rTMS in depression: Theta-burst vs. tonic rTMS vs. sham stimulation$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been proposed to exert antidepressant effects superior to placebo treatment, though effect sizes are moderate. However, data from a randomised multicentre trial cast doubt on an augmenting or accelerating antidepressant effect of continuous rTMS and substantiate the need for exploration of new stimulation protocols. Theta burst stimulation (TBS) provides controllable, consistent, long-lasting, and powerful effects on the cortex physiology and might serve as a rather effective tool than continuous rTMS. Its efficacy has not yet been evaluated though. 61 (minus 7 drop outs) patients suffering from a moderate to severe depressive episode (unipolar, bipolar, or major depression) without psychotic symptoms and scoring at least 18 points on the Hamilton rating scale for depression (HAMD) were included. Patients received 15 sessions (one per day) of either tonic or theta burst or sham rTMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) as an add-onto regular pharmacotherapy in a randomized, double-blind controlled trial. In detail, we investigated the combination of high frequency (10 Hz) left frontal and low frequency (1 Hz) right frontal versus the combination of intermittent theta burst (iTBS) left frontal and continuous theta burst (cTBS) right frontal and versus placebo treatment. 20 patients were assigned to the theta burst, 17 to the tonic and 17 to the sham rTMS group. Groups were comparable with respect to age and sex. The primary outcome analysis indicates a significant effect of treatment, i.e., all patients exhibited a significant amelioration of symptoms as assessed by HAMD scores. There was no significant difference between the three interventions. However, power analyses indicate an advantage of TBS over tonic and sham rTMS with small effect sizes with negligible effect size between tonic and sham rTMS. Secondary analysis showed that eight weeks after treatment differences between groups get bigger with a linear increase of amelioration of symptoms from sham over tonic to theta burst rTMS. Further analysis with the global assessment of functioning scale and the clinical global impression scale affirmed these findings. For the Beck depression inventory no effects could be found. In conclusion, we found firstly superiority of combined left and right prefrontal rTMS over sham rTMS in depressive patients as an add-onto regular pharmacotherapy. Secondly, we also could demonstrate a superiority of TBS over tonic rTMS for the treatment of depression. Thirdly, effects were small and were highest at the last follow up visit.
Modulation of healthy and disturbed cognitive control with transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ Introduction: Cognitive control (CC) is of decisive relevance for adaptive human behavior. Deficient CC is a central characteristic of major depressive disorder (MDD). Insufficient activation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) has been linked with this deficit. The activity of distinctive brain areas can be transiently modulated by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Objectives: First, to explore the role of the dlPFC in CC and its disturbance in MDD by means of tDCS. Second, to evaluate the feasibility of polarity-specific, selective modulation of CC with tDCS. Third, to investigate the potential of anodal tDCS to ameliorate disturbed CC in MDD. Materials and methods: CC was assessed by emotional distractibility in a delayed working memory task (DWM) and an attentional bias task (ABT). In a randomized cross-over design, activity enhancing anodal tDCS or sham stimulaiton was applied to the left dlPFC (1 mA, 20 min, cathode at right upper arm) during DWM performance enhanced working memory in healthy subjects (n = 22) and MDD patients (n = 22). In turn, inhibiting, cathodal tDCS was to the left dlPFC (1 mA, 20 min, anode at right upper arm) was compared to sham stimulation in healthy subjects (n = 28). Results: We found that activity enhancing anodal tDCS to the left dlPFC during DWM performance enhanced working memory in healthy subjects and MDD patients. Most importantly, it ameliorated emotional distraction prevalent in patients with MDD. Reciprocally, inhibiting, cathodal tDCS impairs CC on the influence of negative stimuli in healthy subjects reflected by a decrease of correct responses in the DWM and an increase in reaction time in the following ABT. Conclusion: These findings demonstrate a tDCS-polarity specific plasticity of CC and thus verify the important role of left dlPFC activity for this key feature of human cognition and its disturbance in MDD. Therefore our data point towards new opportunities for the treatment of MDD by a specific combination of brain stimulation techniques and cognitive-behavioral treatment strategies.
Robotized-navigated low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the right motor and prefrontal cortex improved pain and fatigue in patients with macrophagic myofasciitis$$$ Question: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive way to modulate brain neural activities, able to modify cortical functions for clinical and therapeutic purposes. Neuromodulation induced by rTMS notably depends on the frequency of stimulation, equal or less than 1 Hz (low-frequency (LF) rTMS) or equal or more than 5 Hz (high-frequency (HF) rTMS). In patients with unilateral or asymmetric chronic neuropathic pain, HF-rTMS is known to be able to produce analgesic effects when applied to the motor cortex (precentral gyrus) contralateral to pain side. Analgesic effects of HF-rTMS have been also reported when applied to the left dominant motor cortex (M1) in patients with generalized non-neuropathic pain (fibromyalgia). Conversely, motor cortex LF-rTMS was found to be inefficacious in the same conditions. A therapeutic impact on pain syndromes was also observed following HF-rTMS delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), but LF-rTMS of the right DLPFC showed a similar efficacy, according to the theory of interhemispheric balance. In contrast, the potential analgesic effect of LF-rTMS of the right M1 has never been investigated. Methods: In a randomized placebo-controlled and double-blinded study, the effects of robotized-navigated LF-TMS applied for two weeks over a target grid of the non-dominant right M1 or DLPFC were assessed in 24 right-handed patients with macrophagic myofasciitis (MFM). Symptomatic MFM represents a rare generalized pain syndrome induced by aluminium oxyhydroxide from vaccine injections. Assessments included measures of pain, fibromyalgia symptoms, quality of life, depression, anxiety, fatigue and cortical excitability. Results: LF-rTMS of the right M1 but not of the right DLPFC reduced pain level for at least 4 weeks. Both M1 and DLPFC stimulation yielded significant effects on fibromyalgia symptom severity scale as well as on the cognitive and social components of fatigue. Conclusion: For the first time we showed that LF-rTMS may have therapeutic effects in generalized pain, when applied to the nondominant cortex. We also demonstrated the eligibility of a robotized- navigated rTMS procedure, allowing a precise stimulation over M1 or DLPFC regions, based on individual anatomical targeting.
Therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (cTBS) in major depression. A double-blind shamcontrolled study$$$ In a previous open study (Chistyakov et al., 2010), we have demonstrated safety, tolerability and preliminary evidence of antidepressant properties of continuous theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (cTBS) in patients with major depression (MD). The aim of the present study was to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of cTBS in depressed patients using a double-blind sham-controlled design. A total of 29 patients with unipolar MD (n = 19) and bipolar depression (n = 10) were recruited for the study. Initially, patients were randomized to receive either active cTBS to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (n = 15) or sham cTBS (n = 14) for 10 consecutive work days. After the 10th session, patients who received sham TMS were crossed over to the active cTBS treatment which consisted of 10 daily sessions. Patients who received active cTBS continued with the same treatment protocol for another 10 sessions. Each treatment session consisted of 3600 stimuli delivered in four consecutive trains of 900 stimuli each separated by a 15 min interval at an intensity of 100% of the active motor threshold. Severity of depression was assessed weekly by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and Clinical Global Impression (CGI). Eight patients (27.6%) remained on their existing medication. In 18 patients (62.1%), medication status was changed before the trial. Three patients (10.3%) were medication free throughout the study. All but one patient from the sham-cTBS group completed the 2 week treatment protocol without any adverse effects. Two patients from the sham group dropped out 2 days after they crossed over to the active treatment. Following 2 and 4 weeks of treatment significant clinical improvement was observed in both active- and sham- TBS groups. Overall, there was no significant difference in the degree of clinical improvement between active and sham TBS groups after initial (2-week) as well as extended (4-week) phases of the trial. However, in patients whose medication status was not changed before the trial and in those who were medication free, active cTBS resulted in a significantly greater reduction of HDRS and CGI scores as compared to sham cTBS. The results of this study failed to demonstrate overall superiority of cTBS compared to sham treatment. However, cTBS might be beneficial in depressed patients who are nonresponsive to ongoing pharmacological treatment.
Repetitive transcranial magnetstimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of chronic tinnitus: Results of the german multicenter study$$$ Introduction: Chronic tinnitus is a frequent disease accompanied in many cases by high morbidity and reduction in quality of life. Despite its high incidence, treatment remains elusive. Aggregated research over the last years has contributed to a deeper understanding of the neurobiological basis of chronic tinnitus and point to the involvement of auditory and non-auditory brain areas. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is able to non-invasively modulate brain activity. Pilot studies indicate a potential therapeutic effect of rTMS in tinnitus patients, however, sample sizes were small so far. The aim of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of rTMS in tinnitus in a large patient sample. Methods: 7 study centers participated in this randomized, placebo- controlled trial. From February 2008 until May 2011 a total of 154 patients were enrolled and received 10 sessions of either verum or sham 1 Hz-rTMS over the left primary auditory cortex. Effects on tinnitus and accompanying psychiatric symptoms were evaluated using a variety of standardized rating scales (tinnitus questionnaire (TQ), tinnitus handicap inventory (THI), beck depression inventory, etc.). Results and conclusions: rTMS treatment was well tolerated in all patients. In the primary outcome (change of the TQ-score baseline vs. day 12) no significant difference between both study arms was observed. During the follow-up period, a trend to superiority of verum rTMS could be observed, which did not reach statistical significance. This study shows, that 1 Hz-rTMS over the left primary auditory cortex is not superior to placebo treatment. Therefore, more effective treatment protocols are needed and combined treatment regimes focusing on auditory and non-auditory brain regions may be better as recent studies have demonstrated.
Treatment of major depression with bilateral theta burst stimulation: A randomized controlled pilot trial$$$ Introduction: Current efforts to improve clinical effectiveness and utility of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of major depression (MD) include theta burst stimulation (TBS), a patterned form of rTMS. Objective: This study was performed to investigate the efficacy of bilateral TBS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) in patients with major depressive disorder in addition to ongoing medication and psychotherapy. Materials and methods: In this randomized-controlled trial, thirtytwo patients withMDwere treated for six weeks (thirty sessions) with either successively intermittent, activity enhancing TBS to the left and continuous, inhibiting TBS to the right dlPFC or with bilateral sham stimulation. Primary outcome measure was the proportion of treatment response defined as a Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) <50% compared to baseline. Secondary outcomes comprised response and remission rates of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: Logistic regression analysis with the factors treatment condition, duration of the current episode age and therapy resistance revealed a significantly larger number of responders in the cTBS (n = 9) compared to the sham-stimulation (n = 4) group (Wald χ2 = 3.9, p = 0.048). Response to cTBS was predicted by a shorter duration of the current episode (Wald χ2 = 3.77, p = 0.052). Patientreported outcome as assessed by the BDI indicated a higher rate of remitters in the cTBS (n = 6) than in the sham (n = 1) group (Wald χ2 = 3.6, p = 0.058). Conclusions: These findings indicate that a six weeks treatment of MDD with iTBS to the left and cTBS to the right dlPFC for six weeks is safe, feasible and superior to sham stimulation applied add-on to pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatment.
Effectiveness of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with chronic low back pain: Design, method and protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Electrical stimulation of central nervous system areas with surgically implanted stimulators has been shown to result in pain relief. To avoid the risks and side effects of surgery, transcranial direct current stimulation is an option to electrically stimulate the motor cortex through the skull. Previous research has shown that transcranial direct current stimulation relieves pain in patients with fibromyalgia, chronic neuropathic pain and chronic pelvic pain. Evidence indicates that the method is pain free, safe and inexpensive. Methods/Design: A randomised controlled trial has been designed to evaluate the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation over the motor cortex for pain reduction in patients with chronic low back pain. It will also investigate whether transcranial direct current stimulation as a prior treatment enhances the symptom reduction achieved by a cognitive-behavioural group intervention. Participants will be randomised to receive a series of 5 days of transcranial direct current stimulation (2 mA, 20 min) or 20 min of sham stimulation; followed by a cognitive-behavioural group programme. The primary outcome parameters will measure pain (Visual Analog Scale) and disability (Oswestry Disability Index). Secondary outcome parameters will include the Fear Avoidance Beliefs Questionnaire, the Funktionsfragebogen Hannover (perceived function), Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale, bothersomeness and Health Related Quality of Life (SF 36), as well as Patient-Perceived Satisfactory Improvement. Assessments will take place immediately prior to the first application of transcranial direct current stimulation or sham, after 5 consecutive days of stimulation, immediately after the cognitivebehavioural group programme and at 4 weeks, 12 weeks and 24 weeks follow-up. Discussion: This trial will help to determine, whether transcranial direct current stimulation is an effective treatment for patients with chronic low back pain and whether it can further enhance the effects of a cognitive behavioural pain management programme. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN89874874.
Anaesthesia with S-ketamine and etomidate during electroconvulsive therapy of therapy-resistant major depression$$$ Introduction/Objective: S-ketamine is a NMDA-receptor antagonist used as anesthetic, with possibly antidepressive properties. In contrast to other anesthetics such as etomidate, propofole or meto-hexitale, it does not increase the seizure threshold. Due to its pharmacokinetic properties, S-ketamine is well suitable for short anesthesia, e.g. in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In our clinic we use S-ketamine and etomidate as anesthetics for ECT. The objective of this abstract is to report our clinical observations on ECT-related parameters with these two anesthetics. Methods: By the time of abstract submission, the ongoing recruitment amounts to 46 patients (15 male, 31 female) treated by 639 ECT for severe therapy-resistant major depression. Patients were anesthetized either using etomidate or S-ketamine according to clinical indication. Succinylcholine was used for muscle relaxation. A Thymatron IV stimulator (Thymatron somatics Inc., Ontario/Canada) was used for seizure provocation. Generally, patients received three treatments per week. Objective parameters recorded in each session were electrode position, stimulation energy, seizure duration, postictal supression index (PSI), maximum sustained coherence (MSC), maximal heartrate and side-effects. Statistical evaluation was performed using analysis of variance implemented in SPSS software (SPSS Statistics, 19th version, IBM Germany GmbH, Ehningen). Results: Seizure duration was significantly longer during S-ketamine that during etomidate anesthesia (41.75 and 36.65 s respectively; p = 0.009). Significantly lower number of restimulations was necessary during S-ketamine versus etomidate anesthesia (34 restimulations versus 20; p = 0.00). Stimulation energy to induce a seizure was lower using S-ketamine compared to etomidate (230,63 mC versus 259,66 mC; p = 0.08), but there was no statistically significant effect. Side effects were rare and did not differ between groups. Conclusion: Our preliminary data suggest that S-ketamine might have favorable effects on seizure parameters during ECT for treatment-resistant major depression concerning stimulation energy, seizure duration and number of restimulations. This is in accordance with Kranaster et al. (2011). However, interpretation is limited by the non-randomized open design. The mechanism leading to the favorable effects of s-ketamine remain unclear so far. Improvement of seizure-quality or additive antidepressive effects of S-ketamine such as observed in Zarate CA et al. (2006) and Price et al. (2009) might explain our preliminary results.
Transcranial random noise stimulation: A new approach to stimulating the brain$$$ Introduction: Transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS) is a neuromodulatory technique that involves the delivery of a bi-directional, randomly oscillating current. Introduction of a positive DC offset to the stimulation can produce a polarity-specific randomly oscillating current that produces effects similar to that of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). It is thought that tRNS modulates cortical excitability by interfering with the ongoing neural oscillations in the cortex. In contrast to using a direct current, tRNS may avoid the homeostatic neural mechanisms associated with repeated stimulation sessions. This may be an advantage in clinical treatment protocols which seek to induce cumulative neuroplastic changes over multiple sessions. To date, there has only been one reported use of tRNS with a positive DC offset for the treatment of depression. Findings were promising, suggesting therapeutic potential for this form of stimulation (Chan et al. (2012)). Objectives: The present study aimed to elucidate the clinical potential of tRNS with a positive offset by examining its effects on motor cortical excitability in healthy participants. We aimed to examine the effect of 2 mA tRNS + 1 milliamp (mA) offset for 10 min on cortical excitability by using single pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). This was compared to four other transcranial electrical stimulation (tES) conditions as follows: 2 mA tRNS without an offset, 1 mA tDCS, 2 mA tDCS and sham stimulation. Materials and methods: Fifteen healthy participants will be tested across five sessions in a within-subjects design. One form of tES was tested at each session, the order of which was randomised for each participant. tES was applied to the left motor cortex. Sets of 20 motor evoked potentials (MEPs) were elicited in the right first dorsal interosseus (FDI) muscle using single-pulse TMS before and up to 90 min after tES. Peak-to-peak amplitude of each MEP was measured. The mean amplitude of all responses after tES was calculated and normalised to the baseline amplitude for each subject. Results: Results from the first 10 participants show mean (sd) post-tES normalised MEPs as follows: 2 mA tRNS + 1 mA offset, 1.44 (0.38); 2 mA tRNS, 1.01 (0.11); 1 mA tDCS, 1.24 (0.15); 2 mA tDCS, 1.30 (0.18) and sham, 1.06 (0.13). Results from all 15 participants will be subsequently presented. Conclusion: This is the first empirical study examining the effect of tRNS with an offset on cortical excitability. Preliminary results suggest that tRNS with an offset leads to an increase in cortical excitability similar to that produced by tDCS. Further, tRNS with an offset appears to be more effective than tRNS without an offset in producing changes in cortical excitability.
rTMS in the management of depression subtypes-an analysis of 160 cases$$$ Background: This placebo-controlled study was designed to investigate the influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on depressive symptoms in patients with subtypes depressive disorders. Furthermore, effects on cognitive functions and psychomotor functioning were tested. Methods: One hundred and sixty patients with depression were included. They were treated with a stable dosage of antidepressant medication. They received either high frequency rTMS (10 Hz) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) and low frequency rTMS (1 Hz) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (RDLPFC) as add on treatment at 30 days ithin 8 weeks. Depressive symptoms were registered by means of observer ratings (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-HDRS) and self reports (Beck Depression Inventory- BDI). Psychomotor retardation was investigated by the Motor Agitation and Retardation Scale and cognitive function by d2 test. Results: Differences between the groups regarding depressive symptoms could not be found. Motor abnormalities, however, significantly improved exclusively after stimulation procedures. Patients with less severe deficits in psychomotor speed and concentration responded more intensively than patients with severe deficits. Conclusions: rTMS is effective across various subgroups of depression and needs further detailed symptom based study to ascertain further effects.
Unmet needs in psychopharmacology. pharmacotherapy of acute mania: an update$$$ This is a new algorithm for the pharmacotherapy of acute mania developed by the Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program. The authors conducted a literature search in PubMed and reviewed key studies, other algorithms and guidelines, and their references. Treatments were prioritized considering 3 main considerations: 1) effectiveness in treating the current episode, 2) preventing potential future relapses to mania or depression, and 3) minimizing side effects over the short and long term. After accurate diagnosis, managing contributing medical causes including substance misuse, discontinuing antidepressants, and considering the patient’s child-bearing potential, we propose different algorithms for mixed and non-mixed mania in response to the new classification of bipolar mania in the DSM-5. Patients with mixed mania may be treated first with a second generation antipsychotic (SGA) of which the first choice is quetiapine because of adequate efficacy in acute mania but greater efficacy (than other SGAs) for depressive symptoms and episodes in bipolar disorder and evidence of ability to prevent future episodes of depression. For the second choice SGA in mixed mania, aripiprazole and ziprasidone may be preferred over risperidone and olanzapine. Valproate or carbamazepine, and lithium, in that order, may be added to the SGA for unsatisfactory control of symptoms. For non-mixed mania, lithium is the first-line recommendation. Next, an SGA can be added, and again quetiapine is favored because it is the best at treating and preventing depression. If quetiapine is unacceptable, risperidone is the next choice for non-mixed mania because of better efficacy for this mood state. Olanzapine, though almost as effective in acute mania as risperidone in meta-analysis, is not considered a first-line SGA due to its long term side effects, but it could be a second choice SGA. Valproate is a third-line choice for acute non-mixed mania to consider after lithium and one or two SGAs. Its lack of efficacy in recent randomized controlled trials in mania and lack of known effectiveness for preventing future mood episodes result in it having a lower placement in this algorithm than in other guidelines. If the patient, whether mixed or non-mixed is still refractory despite the suggested medication sequences, then depending on what has already been tried, consider valproate, risperidone, olanzapine, haloperidol, and carbamazepine as first-tier, aripiprazole, ziprasidone, and asenapine as second-tier, and clozapine as third-tier because of its weaker evidence base and greater side effects. Electroconvulsive therapy may be considered at any point in the algorithm if there is a history of positive response or intolerance of medications.
Efficacy of ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy for depression: A systematic review$$$ Background: Ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is increasingly used in daily practice when treating depression despite doubts about its efficacy compared to standard techniques. Method: Using electronic search techniques, we collected all studies on the comparison between ultrabrief pulse (UBP) versus brief pulse (BP) ECT in depressed patients which reported validated rating scales as outcome measures. The Jadad scale was used to evaluate the quality of the studies. Results: Two randomized and one non-randomized prospective study using unilateral (UL) ECT, and two randomized and one retrospective study using bilateral (BL) ECT were identified comparing UBP with BP ECT. One UL randomized high quality study and one non-randomized study suggest an equal response and remission for both conditions. The number of treatment sessions to achieve remission using UBP is equal in one study and is higher in the second. Both BL studies, one of high quality, point to a lower efficacy for UBP ECT with a lower speed of remission. Limitations: We restricted our review to the efficacy of UBP vs. BP ECT in depressed patients and did not address other clinically important issues such as the cognitive adverse effects. A statistical meta-analysis was not possible, because of the heterogeneity of outcome measures and the small amount of studies. Conclusion: The literature shows no clear advantage for the efficacy of ultrabrief pulse over brief pulse ECT using unilateral as well as bilateral electrode placement. The increasing use of unilateral brief pulse ECT as first line method for depression is not supported by the current evidence. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Moment-to-Moment Transfer of Positive Emotions in Daily Life Predicts Future Course of Depression in Both General Population and Patient Samples$$$ Objective:Positive affect (PA) is closely linked to prevention of, and recovery from, depression. Previous studies have investigated PA reactivity to pleasant situations with respect to its protective properties in relation to mood disorder. The purpose of this study was to examine, and replicate, whether moment-to-moment transfer of PA in daily life (PA persistence) is relevant to the prediction of future course of depression.Method:Individuals from three different studies (one general population sample (n=540), and two patient samples (n=43 and n=50) with matching controls (n=39 and n=21, respectively)) participated in an Experience Sampling Method (ESM) study. Time-lagged multilevel analyses were used to assess the degree of transfer (or persistence) of momentary positive affective states over time, in relation to naturalistic outcome (study 1) or treatment outcome (studies 2 and 3). Depressive symptoms were measured using the Symptom Checklist (SCL-90R) in sample 1 and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) in samples 2 and 3.Results:In study 1, participants with greater momentary PA persistence were less likely to show depressive symptoms at follow-up. In study 2, patients were more likely to respond to treatment if they displayed greater momentary PA persistence, particularly in those with recurrent depression. In study 3, patients with greater momentary PA persistence were similarly more likely to respond to treatment, especially when treated with imipramine rather than placebo.Conclusion:The ability to transfer PA from one moment to the next is an important factor in the prevention of and recovery from depressive symptoms. Patients with recurrent depression and those who receive antidepressants rather than placebo may benefit most from this effect. The results suggest that treatment-induced improvement in depression is mediated by increased levels of momentary transfer of PA in daily life, acquisition of which may be contingent on duration of exposure to depressive experience. © 2013 Höhn et al.
Effects of exercise on mobility in people with Parkinson's disease$$$ Parkinson's disease is a prevalent neurodegenerative disorder for which only symptomatic treatment exists. Gait and balance disturbance is common in Parkinson's disease and is a major contributor to increased disability and decreased health-related quality of life and survival. Balance and gait deficits in Parkinson's disease are notoriously difficult to treat and are not significantly helped by pharmacological or surgical treatment. The last two decades have seen a dramatic increase in the research and clinical interest in using exercise as a treatment for mobility problems in people with Parkinson's disease. With exciting advances in basic science research suggesting neurochemical and neuroplastic changes after exercise, an increasing number of high-quality studies are documenting particular aspects of mobility improving after exercise. Exercise has the potential to help both motor (gait, balance, strength) and nonmotor (depression, apathy, fatigue, constipation) aspects of Parkinson's disease as well as secondary complications of immobility (cardiovascular, osteoporosis). This perspective article focuses primarily on recent evidence on the effects of exercise in improving mobility while highlighting the importance of targeted exercise intervention for maximizing the benefits of exercise. Suggestions for exercise guidelines, adherence issues, and directions for future research are provided. © 2013 Movement Disorder Society.
A goal management intervention for polyarthritis patients: Rationale and design of a randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: A health promotion intervention was developed for inflammatory arthritis patients, based on goal management. Elevated levels of depression and anxiety symptoms, which indicate maladjustment, are found in such patients. Other indicators of adaptation to chronic disease are positive affect, purpose in life and social participation. The new intervention focuses on to improving adaptation by increasing psychological and social well-being and decreasing symptoms of affective disorders. Content includes how patients can cope with activities and life goals that are threatened or have become impossible to attain due to arthritis. The four goal management strategies used are: goal maintenance, goal adjustment, goal disengagement and reengagement. Ability to use various goal management strategies, coping versatility and self-efficacy are hypothesized to mediate the intervention's effect on primary and secondary outcomes. The primary outcome is depressive symptoms. Secondary outcomes are anxiety symptoms, positive affect, purpose in life, social participation, pain, fatigue and physical functioning. A cost-effectiveness analysis and stakeholders' analysis are planned. Methods/design. The protocol-based psycho-educational program consists of six group-based meetings and homework assignments, led by a trained nurse. Participants are introduced to goal management strategies and learn to use these strategies to cope with threatened personal goals. Four general hospitals participate in a randomized controlled trial with one intervention group and a waiting list control condition. Discussion. The purpose of this study is to evaluate the effectiveness of a goal management intervention. The study has a holistic focus as both the absence of psychological distress and presence of well-being are assessed. In the intervention, applicable goal management competencies are learned that assist people in their choice of behaviors to sustain and enhance their quality of life. Trial registration. Nederlands Trial Register = NTR3606, registration date 11-09-2012. © 2013 rends et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Serum levels of brain-derived neurotrophic factor are unchanged after transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) plays an important role in differentiation and repair of neurons in the adult brain. BDNF serum levels have been found to be lower in depressed patients than in healthy subjects. In a couple of studies, effective antidepressant treatment including electroconvulsive therapy led to an increase in BDNF serum levels. As transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is currently discussed as novel therapeutic intervention in major depression, we investigated BDNF serum levels during tDCS in therapy-resistant depression. Methods Twenty-two patients with a major depressive episode participated in a double-blind placebo-controlled trial and received randomized cross over treatment with 2 weeks active and 2 weeks sham tDCS (1 or 2 mA for 20 min, anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, cathode right supraorbital cortex). Results Clinical assessment only showed a modest and non-significant improvement in HAMD, BDI and CGI in both groups. BDNF serum levels were measured at baseline, after 2 and after 4 weeks. There was neither a significant change of BDNF levels following active tDCS, nor were severity of depressive symptoms and BDNF levels correlated. Limitations The small sample size, its heterogeneity, the short observation period and a cross-over design without an interval between both conditions. Conclusions tDCS did not change BDNF serum levels unlike other established antidepressant interventions in this treatment resistant sample. However, larger studies are needed. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Prefrontal cortical blood flow predicts response of depression to rTMS$$$ Background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for resistant major depressive disorder. The response rate of rTMS for depression is modest, motivating the search for biomarkers predictive of treatment response. Methods Thirteen patients (mean age 45 years, three males) with current major depression resistant to at least one antidepressant trial in the current episode were treated with a 25 day course of rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Resting state cerebral perfusion was measured prior to the first day of treatment and after the final day of treatment. Treatment response was measured using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale - 24 Item (Ham-D). Baseline cerebral perfusion was compared in responders to non-responders. In addition, post-treatment cerebral perfusion was compared to pre-treatment in responders as well as in non-responders. Results Six individuals responded to rTMS. Responders had greater resting state blood flow in the left DLPFC (the target site) at baseline compared to non-responders. Non-responders showed greater baseline activity in the left medial frontal cortex. Neither group exhibited changes during treatment, nor did the combined group. Limitations This study suffers from low sample size and resulting small responder and non-responder subgroups. The sample was not balanced to gender. A normal control group was not included. Conclusions We believe this is the first study to compare pre-treatment brain perfusion patterns of depressed individuals who responded to rTMS to those who did not. Our results suggest stronger left DLPFC perfusion in responders and stronger medial prefrontal perfusion in non-responders both at baseline and post-treatment. These results await confirmation in a larger, prospective, placebo-controlled study. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
A self-management approach using self-initiated action plans for symptoms with ongoing nurse support in patients with Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) and comorbidities: The COPE-III study protocol$$$ Background: Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) frequently coexists with other diseases. Whereas COPD action plans are currently part of usual care, they are less suitable and potentially unsafe for use in the presence of comorbidities. This study evaluates whether an innovative treatment approach directed towards COPD and frequently existing comorbidities can reduce COPD exacerbation days. We hypothesise that this approach, which combines self-initiated action plans and nurse support, will accelerate proper treatment actions and lead to better control of deteriorating symptoms. Methods: In this multicenter randomised controlled trial we aim to include 300 patients with COPD (GOLD II-IV), and with at least one comorbidity (cardiovascular disease, diabetes, anxiety and/or depression). Patients will be recruited from hospitals in the Netherlands (n=150) and Australia (n=150) and will be assigned to an intervention or control group. All patients will learn to complete daily symptom diaries for 12-months. Intervention group patients will participate in self-management training sessions to learn the use of individualised action plans for COPD and comorbidities, linked to the diary. The primary outcome is the number of COPD exacerbation days. Secondary outcomes include hospitalisations, quality of life, self-efficacy, adherence, patient's satisfaction and confidence, health care use and cost data. Analyses: Intention-to-treat analyses (random effect negative binomial regression and random effect mixed models) and cost-effectiveness analyses will be performed. Discussion: Prudence should be employed before extrapolating the use of COPD specific action plans in patients with comorbidities. This study evaluates the efficacy of tailored action plans for both COPD and common comorbidities. © 2013.
Depression in parkinson's disease: Identification and management$$$ Depression is a common psychiatric comorbidity in Parkinson's disease (PD) and contributes to significant impairments in cognitive, functional, motor, and social performance. This results in reduced quality of life, higher levels of care dependency, and increased caregiver burden. When treating depression, it is important to ensure that the patient's response to treatment will be adequately monitored. This can be accomplished in neurology or primary care settings, or in clinical settings with interdisciplinary treatment teams. Mental health services should be engaged early as a component of ongoing comprehensive care. This article reviews a general approach to treating the pharmacotherapy of depression in PD. Ultimately, clinicians should rely on empiric assessments of known risks and putative benefits to guide treatment decisions and should include a targeted and individualized multimodal approach that utilizes psychotherapeutic interventions along with pharmacologic therapies. © 2013 Pharmacotherapy Publications, Inc.
The great neuro-pipeline 'brain drain' (and why Big Pharma hasn't given up on CNS disorders)$$$ Central Nervous System (CNS) disorders bear an economic burden of more than $2 trillion in the US and EU and rake in upwards of $80 billion a year for the pharmaceutical industry. Yet they have become as much a vice as a potential virtue. A novel Alzheimer's disease (AD) medication bears every promise of outshining the likes of Lipitor in blockbuster status, but its chances of reaching the market are also nearly 50% lower, and development costs 30% higher, than those of its cardiovascular counterpart.
Effects of S-ketamine as an anesthetic adjuvant to propofol on treatment response to electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-resistant depression: A randomized pilot study$$$ OBJECTIVE: Ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) anesthesia has been reported to be associated with better seizure quality and longer duration compared with methohexital anesthesia. Furthermore, ketamine may enhance the efficacy of ECT while having rapid independent antidepressant properties itself. However, data on the effects of ketamine with ECT are inconsistent, and there are no reports of S-ketamine. The aim of the present pilot study was to explore the effects of S-ketamine as an adjuvant to propofol on the efficacy, seizure duration, and quality of electroencephalography in patients with treatment-resistant depression. METHODS: Thirty-two patients with a recurrent severe or psychotic major depressive disorder with treatment resistance to antidepressants were included in the study. For induction of anesthesia, the patients were randomized into 2 study groups. The S-ketamine group first received S-ketamine (0.4 mg/kg) as a bolus and then propofol. The treatment-as-usual group first received saline and then propofol. RESULTS: A statistically significant and clinically relevant reduction in the depression symptom scores was found in both study groups during ECT. There was no difference in the magnitude or speed of response between the study groups, nor was there any difference in the numbers of ECT treatments, seizure thresholds, seizure durations, and the electrical doses either. The patients recovered from anesthesia equally, but the degree of posttreatment disorientation and restlessness was more marked in the S-ketamine group. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, a subanesthetic adjuvant dose of S-ketamine with propofol may not increase the effects of ECT in patients with treatment-resistant depression. However, S-ketamine was associated with increased posttreatment disorientation and restlessness. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A double-blind, placebo-controlled study of the impact of galantamine on anterograde memory impairment during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) continues to be an effective treatment option for patients who fail to respond to pharmacological interventions, are unable to tolerate medications, and show a suboptimal response to behavioral and psychotherapeutic treatments. However, risks for cognitive impairment may contribute to some patients' refusal of ECT. METHODS: The present study examined galantamine as a pharmacological intervention to reduce cognitive adverse effects from ECT. Thirty-nine inpatients diagnosed with major depressive disorder; bipolar disorder, depressed type; or schizoaffective disorder, depressed type and admitted for ECT were randomized to galantamine or placebo. Study drugs were initiated 24 to 48 hours before starting ECT and continued throughout the course of ECT. A neuropsychological test battery was administered at baseline and 24 to 48 hours after completing a course of ECT treatments. Depression severity was monitored using the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and Clinical Global Impression Scale at baseline, weekly, and end point. Self-rated adverse effects were monitored weekly. RESULTS: Thirty participants (12 patients in the galantamine group, 18 patients in the placebo group) had both pretreatment and posttreatment neuropsychological ratings. Those in the galantamine group scored significantly higher at discharge for delayed memory (t28 = 2.44, P < 0.05). Hierarchical regressions examined if treatment condition predicted changes in delayed memory scores from baseline to discharge. Inclusion of the treatment condition in the final model made a significant incremental improvement in prediction (ΔR = 0.12, F1,27 change = 4.65, P < 0.05; β = 0.37, t = 2.16, P < 0.05). Galantamine was well tolerated with no clinically significant bradycardia or prolonged paralysis when administered with ECT. CONCLUSIONS: Galantamine may be protective against impairment in retention of new learning. Galantamine exhibited minimal adverse effects and was safe when administered during ECT. The present findings require replication by future researchers using larger samples before broad conclusions can be drawn. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Augmenting transcranial direct current stimulation with D-cycloserine for depression: A pilot study$$$ OBJECTIVES: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a noninvasive brain stimulation technique that causes changes in cortical excitability. Recent double-blind placebo-controlled clinical trials suggest that tDCS may be efficacious in the treatment of depression. Pharmacological agents that prolong the effects of tDCS could lead to greater cumulative changes in cortical excitability, producing greater and more prolonged efficacy. One agent shown to prolong the excitability-enhancing effects of tDCS in healthy subjects is D-Cycloserine, a partial agonist at the glycine-binding site of N-methyl-D-aspartate receptors. We investigated whether combining prefrontal tDCS with D-Cycloserine could enhance and/or prolong the antidepressant effect of tDCS. METHODS: Five depressed subjects who had relapsed or failed to achieve remission after receiving a previous course of prefrontal tDCS were recruited. In this open-label pilot study, subjects ingested 100-mg D-Cycloserine 2 hours before tDCS sessions. Subjects received 20 minutes of tDCS at 2 mA on consecutive weekdays for a total of 20 sessions. The anode was placed at pF3 and the cathode at F8 (10/20 system). Clinical response was assessed using the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). RESULTS: The change in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale scores was not greater with the combination of D-Cycloserine and tDCS than had previously been produced by tDCS alone. No significant additional adverse effects were reported. CONCLUSIONS: This pilot open-label study found that pretreatment with 100-mg D-Cycloserine 2 hours before tDCS was well tolerated but did not enhance the antidepressant efficacy of anodal prefrontal tDCS. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Mood and cognitive function following repeated transcranial direct current stimulation in healthy volunteers: A preliminary report$$$ Although mood and cognitive function have been reported to change following transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in patients with neurological and psychiatric diseases, little is known about the effects of repeated tDCS on mood and cognition in healthy humans. We recruited 11 healthy male participants for this single-blind, sham-controlled crossover trial. We used Profile of Mood States, brief-form (POMS), and CogHealth (Detection Task, Identification Task, One Back Task, One Card Learning Task and Continuous Monitoring Task) to evaluate the changes in mood and cognitive function, respectively, before and immediately after 4-daily, 20. min, 1. mA sham or anodal tDCS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). While there were no significant changes in six factors of POMS and performance (speed and accuracy) of CogHealth between sham and anodal stimulation, the accuracy of One Card Learning was increased at the end of the experiment. Signal detection analyses revealed that both hit rate and discriminability were improved in this task. These results suggest that 4-daily anodal tDCS over left DLPFC may not change mood and cognitive function in healthy subjects, and further support the safety of tDCS. A slight improvement in a visual recognition and learning task at the end of experiment may be susceptible to practice effects. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd and the Japan Neuroscience Society.
Is Depression simply a nonspecific response to brain injury?$$$ Depressive disorders are among the most common ailments affecting humankind and some of the world's leading causes of medical disability. Despite being common, disabling and a major public health problem, the etiology of depression is unknown. Indeed, investigators have suggested that the causes of depression are multiple and multi-factorial. With these considerations in mind, in this article we examine the hypothesis that our inability to identify the causes of depressive disorders is because depression is a nonspecific epiphenomenon of brain injury or insult arising through multiple pathways. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Intermittent theta Burst Stimulation (iTBS) for the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Introduction: High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been shown effective for reducing persistant negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Intermittent theta burst stimulation (iTBS) is a new paradigm of rTMS that allowed more sustained facilitation effect. Aims: The aim of this study is to investigate the effect of theta burst in reduction of persistant negative symptoms in schizophrenia. Methods: 24 adult schizophrenia outpatients were assigned to receive iTBSat 80% motor threshold, or sham TMS over the left DLPFC, daily; for 20 sessions. The primary outcome measure was the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS).score. Secondary outcomes included depression as measured with the Calgary Depression Scale (CDS), and cogntion as assessed with digit span and trail making test. Patients were followed-up 6 months afterwards. Results: The primary outcome measure (change in Scale for Assessment of Negative Symptoms score) showed a statistically significant drop at month 1, 3 and 6 for the iTBS group, but not ther placebo groups. Digit span and trail making test score were also significally improved after treatment in iTBS group. Calgary depression scale score did not demontrate any significant change. Conclusions: iTBS may serve as a relatively noninvasive treatment of the negative and neurocognitive deficits associated with schizophrenia.
Effects on cognitive function in treatment resistant bipolar depression: ECT compared to algorithm based pharmacological treatment$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a treatment alternative in bipolar disorder (BD) depression. Cognitive side effects are the major concern limiting its use. Objectives: We present data from the Norwegian randomized controlled trial of ECT in treatment resistant depression in bipolar disorder. Aims: To compare effects on cognitive function of ECT or algorithm based pharmacological treatment at the end of a six-week acute, BD depression treatment trial. Methods: Prospective, randomised controlled multi-centre, six-week acute treatment trial. Pre- and post-treatment assessments with the MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB); a neuropsychological test battery designed to be sensitive to changes in cognitive function. Sample: N = 51 patients ≥ 18 years fulfilling criteria for treatment resistant BD depression (MADRS score ≥ 25). Intervention: ECT group: Three sessions per week for up to six weeks, total up to 18 sessions, and right unilateral electrode placement. Algorithm-based pharmacological treatment group: Based on Goodwin & Jamison, 2007. Results: Both groups showed a net gain on MCCB scores without significant differences between the study groups. Mean change in MCCB composite T-score was 4.0 (5.7) in the ECT group and 2.7 (3.6) in the pharmacological group (F = 0.78, eta2 = 0.021, p = 0.383). Conclusion: In treatment resistant BD depression ECT and algorithm-based pharmacological treatment have comparable effects on cognitive function assessed with the MATRICS.
Augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the acute treatment of drug-resistant depression$$$ Introduction: rTMS is a non invasive technique, used for the stimulation of the Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex (DLPFC) by means of coil-generated magnetic fields [1,2]. The present study was aimed to assess efficacy and tolerability of augmentative low and high frequency rTMS in TRD patients, with current moderate-severe major depressive episode. Methods: 24 patients with a diagnosis of drug-resistant Major Depressive Episode (Unipolar or Bipolar Depression) were treated with 4 weeks of rTMS. Subjects were randomly assigned to one of the following treatments: right DLPFC, 1 Hz, 110% of motor threshold (MT), 420 stimuli/day; right DLPFC, 1 Hz, 110% MT, 900 stimuli/day; left DLPFC, 10 Hz, 80% MT, 750 stimuli/day, according to safety guidelines [3]. Analyses were performed using t-test and ANOVA. Results: 3 subjects dropped out at the 1st or 2nd weeks of stimualtion. 21 patients completed the treatment, showing a statistically significant score reduction at HAM-D, MADRS, HAM-A e CGI-s (t=9.05, p< 0.005; t=7.93, p< 0.005; t=6.81, p< 0.005; t=4.37, p< 0.005). Response (reduction of HAM-D score of 50%) was achieved by 2 patients, one of whom considered remitter (HAM-D≤8). Partial response (reduction of HAM-D score between 25-50%) was obtained by 12 patients. No significant difference was observed in terms of efficacy between high vs low frequency. With respect to tolerability, only mild and transient side-effects were reported (discomfort, headache, insomnia). One patient withdrew because of hypomanic switch. Conclusions: Both augmentative low and high-frequency rTMS appeared to be equally effective and well tolerated in the treatment of TRD.
Deep transcranial magnet stimulation improves depression and fatigue in multiple sclerosis$$$ Introduction: Fatigue and depression are among the most frequent symptoms in multiple sclerosis (MS), affecting up to 90% of patients at onset or during the course of the disease. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has proven safe and efficacious for treating depression. Objective: To perform a randomized, sham-controlled pilot study to evaluate effects of deep rTMS on fatigue and depression in patients with multiple sclerosis. Methods: 28 MS-patients underwent 18 sessions of deep rTMS over 6 weeks. 10 patients underwent sham stimulation, 9 patients stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex (PFC) (18Hz, 120% motor threshold (MT)) and 9 patients of the motor cortex (MC) (5 Hz, 90% MT). Following the treatment, patients were observed for further 6 weeks. Effects on fatigue were evaluated with the Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS) Depression was assessed by Becks Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: There was no significant change of BDI or FSS in sham group, as well as in PFC group over all time points. However BDI in MC group showed a significant decrease already in early treatment phase (-25.74%±24.36%, p=0.013) and continued decrease over treatment period with maximum in follow up phase (-39.23%±21.57, p=0.001). In FSS, MC group showed a trend to decrease during treatment period and the effect becomes significant in follow up phase (-26,72%±16.30%, p=0.001). Conclusion: Our data suggests that deep rTMS may have positive influence on depression and fatigue. Intrestingly, comparable effects on both symptoms were observed in MC group but not in PFC or in sham group.
Deep brain stimulation of nucleus accumbens and posterior subgenual cingulate do not result in lasting benefits for patients with chronic and severe treatment resistant depression$$$ Deep Brain Stimulation (DBS) is emerging as a possible treatment for treatment refractory depression. In this pilot study 8 patients who had depression and had not responded or had stopped to respond to treatment accepted to participate in this double-blind partial cross-over study of DBS. On average they had received 18 psychotropics alone or in combination, 45 ECT sessions and all had had psychotherapy. Our neurosurgical technique allows to confirm the precise location of contacts during surgery. Four electrodes were inserted, two bilaterally in the subgenual cingulate with a trajectory of about 30 degrees to the horizontal and two bilaterally in the posterior part in the nucleus accumbens and in the ventral anterior capsule. There were 2 men, the average age was 49, patients had MDD diagnosed 19 years previously, an average current episode of 11 years and were above the 99th centile in SCL-90 scores. Average MADRS was 39 and GAF was 30. Sustained response and remission was obtained in three patients with stimulation in the ventral anterior capsule and in the anterior subgenual cingulate. Two patients achieved response/ partial response with stimulation if both targets. Three patients had no response. While temporary improvements were recorded with accumbens and posterior subgenual cingulate stimulation these were transient. Accumbens stimulation was associated with more serious adverse events. This approach needs to be studied in a larger group of people to confirm or refute these informative findings.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (TDCS) in the management of acute post-spine surgery pain: A prospective randomized controlled trial$$$ BACKGROUND CONTEXT: Systemic opioid or other analgesic use along with regional blocks is currently the most popular method to control postoperative pain. However, many patients continue to report considerable postoperative pain despite these interventions and side effects associated with systemic opioid administration may lead to negative outcomes. Brain stimulation techniques including transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) have shown promise in decreasing postoperative hydromorphone usage after ERCP and total knee arthroplasty. No published study has examined the effect of tDCS following spine surgery. PURPOSE: The purpose of this study is to assess the effectiveness of tDCS on subjective pain-ratings, PCA opioid usage, and postoperative complications among patients receiving lumbar spinal fusion surgery. STUDY DESIGN/SETTING: This is a randomized, double-blind, shamcontrolled clinical study performed at the Medical University of South Carolina in Charleston, South Carolina. PATIENT SAMPLE: Sixteen patients who underwent lumbar spinal fusion surgery have so far completed this study. OUTCOME MEASURES: McGill Pain Questionnaire, Brief Pain Inventory, Beck Depression Inventory, SF36 QOL, PCA opioid usage, VAS Pain Ratings. METHODS: Questionnaire scores were collected at the time of admission and discharge from the hospital. Immediately after surgery, participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 minutes of real or sham tDCS (2 mA, anode placed over the superior motor cortex (corresponding to the low-back/trunk area) and cathode over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex). Patient-controlled hydromorphone pump usage was tracked throughout each participant's postoperative hospital stay. Pain and mood ratings were also collected via visual analogue scales twice per day. RESULTS: At the time of discharge, participants who received real tDCS used an average of 9.04 mg of hydromorphone and subjects receiving sham tDCS used an average of 11.13 mg of hydromorphone. No significant differences were found between the real and sham groups for mean cumulative hydromorphone usage. However, data analysis of the McGill Pain Questionnaire indicated a higher level of preoperative pain among patients in the real tDCS group. Using estimated marginal means to correct for this difference, sham tDCS was associated with significantly increased PCA hydromorphone usage (mean 13.63 mg, 95% CI 7.9-19.4) compared to real tDCS (mean 6.53 mg, 95% CI 0.8-12.3). Analysis of VAS scores from admission to discharge indicated a greater percent increase in pain at its worst for the sham group (9.68%) compared to the real group (1.51%), and a greater percent decrease in pain at its least for the real group (33.23%) compared to the sham group (13.33%), although these differences were not statistically significant. CONCLUSIONS: Although continued enrollment in this study is expected, these preliminary findings indicate that tDCS may have the potential to significantly decrease postoperative hydromorphone usage and improve pain ratings among lumbar spinal fusion patients. Future investigations involving other surgical populations and varying parameters of tDCS are also warranted to provide more definitive conclusions regarding the efficacy and safety of the postoperative use of tDCS.
Modifications of human brain activity due to transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in patients with nicotine dependence$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive technique to modulate human brain responses and has been used successfully in the treatment of depression. In this study tDCS was used as an add-on to psychotherapeutic interventions for the treatment of nicotine dependence. The goal of this study is to investigate modifications of brain activity before and after tDCS therapy. The study is based on a sample of 32 smokers, 22 to 65 years; participants were divided into a placebo group and a verum group. Each participated in fMRI measurements before and after treatment (tDCS plus psychotherapy). During the fMRI sessions, pictures with or without a connection to smoking were presented in a pseudo-randomised order, in order to assess craving-related responses. The results indicate cue-related brain activations, mainly within the basal ganglia, in the thalamus, the occipital cortex and the cuneus. The verum group showed an increased activation of the frontal cortex which is possibly related to a reinforcement of the brain's control function. The placebo group demonstrated reduced responses in the thalamus, the parahippocampal gyrus and the occipital cerebral cortex after tDCS, which may be related to changes of general attention and alertness.
Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS) in pharmacoresistant drug-free patients with unipolar non-psychotic chronic and severe depression$$$ Introduction: There are controversial data on the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of patients with unipolar nonpsychotic chronic and severe depression. Materials/Methods: Twenty-seven patients-21 women and 6 men- age 23 to 49, drug free-one month without any kind of psychotropic drug-with unipolar non-psychotic, chronic, treatment resistant and severe depression (according to ICD-10 and DSM-IV-TR). They randomly assigned to receive either ECT (14 patients-10 women and 4 men) or rTMS (13 patients 11 women and 2 men). ECT was performed in agreement with the American Psychiatric Association Guidelines (2001). ECT was performed during 4 weeks-12 treatments, three times a week, electrodes were placed on the forehead, about three inches apart (bifrontal electrode placement), rTMS was given at high frequencies 15 Hz and delivered to left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Sessions were performed five times a week for 4 weeks-20 sessions. Patients that did not respond to this course of rTMS sessions were scheduled to receive a course of ECT (12 treatments) after the completion of the protocol. Depressive symptoms were measured by HDRS-17,MADRS and CGI (CGI-S and CGI-I), neuropsychological effects (MMSE) at baseline (T0), after 2nd (T1) and 4th weeks (T2) of treatment. Results: Response rates were: ECT-9 patients-64.28% remission; 3 patients-21.42% moderately depressed and 2 patients-14.28% severely depressed. rTMS-2 patients-15.38% moderately depressed; 11 patients-84.61% severely depressed. Discussion: The aim of this study was to compare the efficacy of ECT and rTMS in pharmacoresistant drug-free patients with unipolar non-psychotic chronic and severe depression. The comparative evaluation of the percentage variations of HDRS-17 MADRS and CGI (CGI-S and CGI-I) average scores fromT0 toT2 indicates ECT as the best therapy. The cognitive performance of ECT-treated patients decreased in the first 2 weeks and slightly increased at the end of treatment. Conclusions: The comparative evaluation of the rating scales for depression percentage variations shows ECT as the most effective method after 4 weeks of therapy.
Bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for negative symptoms of schizophrenia: Findings from a double-blind randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: Previous studies have reported on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment for negative symptoms of schizophrenia, however the results were inconsistent. This study aimed to investigate whether longer treatment duration in combination with 10 Hz bilateral stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex enhances treatment effects. Methods: A double-blind randomized controlled trial was performed in 32 patients with the diagnosis of schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder, and moderate to severe negative symptoms (PANSS negative subscale ≥ 15). Patients were randomly allocated to a 3-week course of real (n = 16) or sham (n = 16) rTMS of the bilateral dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, at a frequency of 10 Hz in 10-second trains, with an inter-train interval of 50 s. Patients were stimulated during 20 min at 90 % of the motor threshold. The primary outcome measure was the PANSS negative symptom score and the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS) total score. Subjects were evaluated at baseline, end of treatment, at 4 weeks and at 3 months follow-up. For analysis of the primary outcome a repeated measures analysis of variance was conducted, with the baseline scores as a covariate. To investigate if the effect was independent of depressive symptoms we added the post treatment Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) as a covariate. Analysis until 4 weeks and 3 months were conducted. Results: Analysis until 4 weeks follow-up shows a significant improvement on the SANS (p = 0.04) in the TMS group (n = 16) as compared to the sham group (n = 16). Analysis of the apathy subscale of the SANS also shows a significant improvement (p = 0.04) in the TMS group. In preliminary results (TMS group n = 14, sham group n = 16) until 3 months follow-up this effects seems to have diminished in both the SANS (p = 0.14) and the apathy subscale of the SANS (p = 0.15). There was no significant difference between the two groups on the PANSS negative symptom score in the course of follow-up until 4 weeks (p = 0.38) and 3 months (p = 0.32). Conclusion: Bilateral prefrontal rTMS appears to have beneficial effect on negative symptoms of schizophrenia during 4 weeks post treatment. After 4 weeks the effect diminishes. Limitations of the study include small sample size and uncertainty about rTMS optimum treatment parameters.
Transcranial pulsed electromagnetic fields for multiple chemical sensitivity: Study protocol for a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: Multiple chemical sensitivity (MCS) is a chronic condition of unknown etiology. MCS is characterized by recurrent nonspecific symptoms from multiple organ systems in response to chemical exposures in concentrations that are normally tolerated by the majority of the population. The symptoms may have severe impact on patients' lives, but an evidence-based treatment for the condition is nonexisting. The pathophysiology is unclarified, but several indicators point towards abnormal processing of sensory signals in the central nervous system. Pulsed electromagnetic fields (PEMF) offer a promising new treatment for refractory depression and can be targeted at the brain, thereby activating biochemical cell processes.Methods/Design: In a parallel, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted at the Danish Research Centre for Chemical Sensitivities, the effects of PEMF in MCS patients will be assessed using the Re5 Independent System. Based on sample size estimation, 40 participants will be randomized to either PEMF therapy or placebo. The allocation sequence will be generated by computer. All involved parties (that is, participants, investigators, the research nurse, and the statistician) will be blinded to group allocation. The participants will receive PEMF therapy or placebo applied transcranially 30 minutes twice a day for 7 days a week over 6 consecutive weeks. Outcomes will be measured at baseline, once weekly during treatment, post treatment, and at 2.5-month and 4.5-month follow-up according to a predefined timetable. The primary outcome will be a measurement of the impact of MCS on everyday life. The secondary outcomes will be measurements of MCS symptoms, psychological distress (stress, anxiety or depressive symptoms), capsaicin-induced secondary punctate hyperalgesia, immunological markers in serum, and quality of life.Discussion: This trial will assess the effects of PEMF therapy for MCS. Currently, there is no treatment with a documented effect on MCS, and in terms of healthcare there is very little to offer these patients. There is thus a great need for well-conducted randomized trials aimed at assessing possible treatment effects. A positive outcome will pave the way for improved healthcare and understanding of this very disabling and overlooked condition.Trial registration: ClinicalTrials.gov, NCT01834781. © 2013 Tran et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Update on prescription extended-release opioids and appropriate patient selection$$$ Chronic pain is largely underdiagnosed, often undertreated, and expected to increase as the American population ages. Many patients with chronic pain require long-term treatment with analgesic medications, and pain management may involve use of prescription opioids for patients whose pain is inadequately controlled through other therapies. Yet because of the potential for abuse and addiction, many clinicians hesitate to treat their patients with pain with potentially beneficial agents. Finding the right opioid for the right patient is the first - often complicated - step. Ensuring that patients continue to properly use the medication while achieving therapeutic analgesic effects is the long-term goal. Combined with careful patient selection and ongoing monitoring, new formulations using extended-release technologies incorporating tamper-resistant features may help combat the growing risk of abuse or misuse, which will hopefully reduce individual suffering and the societal burden of chronic pain. The objective of this manuscript is to provide an update on extended-release opioids and to provide clinicians with a greater understanding of which patients might benefit from these new opioid formulations and how to integrate the recommended monitoring for abuse potential into clinical practice. © 2013 Brennan, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for depression: Analysis of response using a three-factor structure of the Montgomery-Åsberg depression rating scale$$$ Background: There is growing evidence that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may be an effective treatment for depression. However, no study to date has profiled the antidepressant effects of tDCS using items or factors on depression symptom severity rating scales. This could potentially provide information about the mechanisms by which tDCS achieves its antidepressant effects and also identify clinical predictors of response. Methods: The present study analysed scores on the Montgomery-Åsberg depression rating scale (MADRS) from a randomised, sham-controlled trial of tDCS (Loo et al.; 2012. British Journal of Psychiatry. 200, 52-59) using a three-factor model of MADRS items (Suzuki et al.; 2005. Depression and Anxiety. 21, 95-97) encompassing dysphoria, retardation and vegetative symptoms. Results: Participants in the active tDCS treatment group showed significant improvement in dysphoria while participants in the sham treatment group did not. While both groups showed improvement in retardation symptoms, improvement was significantly greater in the active tDCS group. Both groups also showed improvement in vegetative symptoms but there were no between-group differences. Limitations: Further studies with larger sample sizes are warranted to investigate the generalisability of results and whether the MADRS factor structure may change as a result of the specific treatment used. Conclusions: tDCS appears to be particularly effective in treating dysphoria and retardation, but not vegetative symptoms of depression. This may have implications for selection of types of depression most likely to respond to this treatment. Copyright © 2013 Published by Elsevir B.V. All rights reserved.
A retrospective comparison of the effects of propofol and etomidate on stimulus variables and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in depressed inpatients$$$ Objective: To compare the effects of propofol and etomidate on the stimulus variables and efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressed inpatients. Method: This retrospective study included 54 inpatients (aged 18-75. years) who met the DSM-IV criteria for major depression and were treated with bilateral ECT. For the first part of the study, the primary outcome was the mean stimulus charge per ECT session. For the second part, the main outcome measure was the proportion of patients achieving full remission. Results: Propofol-treated patients showed a higher mean stimulus charge (etomidate=227.58. ±. 130.44, propofol=544.91. ±. 237.56, p. <. 0.001) despite the lack of a significant difference in starting threshold doses. The propofol group had shorter mean electroencephalogram (etomidate=69.41. ±. 22.50, propofol=42.95. ±. 22.26, p. <. 0.001) seizure duration and motor (etomidate=46.11. ±. 14.38, propofol=22.89. ±. 7.13, p. <. 0.001) seizure duration and a higher mean number of inadequate seizures (etomidate=0.12. ±. 0.15, propofol=0.47. ±. 0.26, p. <. 0.001). No significant differences were found between the groups for the effects of the anesthetics on the efficacy of ECT. Limitations: Our study is limited by a retrospective design and the small number of patients treated with propofol restricted the sample size. Conclusions: Anesthesia with propofol has a significant reducing effect on seizure duration during the course of ECT which results in more inadequate seizures, despite the use of a higher mean stimulus charge. Regarding the possible effect of the anesthetics on ECT, randomized clinical trials with sufficient power to detect differences are warranted. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Overview of antidepressant treatment of bipolar depression$$$ Bipolar depression remains a major unresolved challenge for psychiatric therapeutics. It is associated with significant disability and mortality and represents the major proportion of the approximately half of follow-up time spent in morbid states despite use of available treatments. Evidence regarding effectiveness of standard treatments, particularly with antidepressants, remains limited and inconsistent. We reviewed available clinical and research literature concerning treatment with antidepressants in bipolar depression and its comparison with unipolar depression. Research evidence concerning efficacy and safety of commonly used antidepressant treatments for acute bipolar depression is very limited. Nevertheless, an updated meta-analysis indicated that overall efficacy was significantly greater with antidepressants than with placebo-treatment and not less than was found in trials for unipolar major depression. Moreover, risks of non-spontaneous mood-switching specifically associated with antidepressant treatment are less than appears to be widely believed. The findings encourage additional efforts to test antidepressants adequately in bipolar depression, and to consider options for depression in types I vs. II bipolar disorder, depression with subsyndromal hypomania and optimal treatment of mixed agitated-dysphoric states - both short- and long-term. Many therapeutic trials considered were small, varied in design, often involved co-treatments, or lacked adequate controls. © CINP 2013.
Glutamate system as target for development of novel antidepressants$$$ Depression is a common psychiatric condition characterized by affective, cognitive, psychomotor, and neurovegetative symptoms that interfere with a person's ability to work, study, deal with interpersonal relationships, and enjoy once-pleasurable activities. After the serendipitous discovery of the first antidepressants, for years the only pharmacodynamic mechanisms explored in the search of novel antidepressants were those related to the 3 main monoamines: serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine. New-generation monoaminergic antidepressants, such as selective-serotonin and dual-acting serotonin/norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, improved treatment and quality of life of depressed patients. Nevertheless, there are still important clinical limitations: the long latency of onset of the antidepressant action; side effects, which can lead to early discontinuation; low rate of response; and high rate of relapse/recurrence. Therefore, in the last several years, the focus of research has moved from monoamines toward other molecular mechanisms, including glutamatergic (Glu) neurotransmission. This review provides a comprehensive overview of the current knowledge on the Glu system and on its relationships with mood disorders. Up to now, N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonists, in particular ketamine, provided the most promising results in preclinical studies and produced a consistent and rapid, although transient, antidepressant effect with a good tolerability profile in humans. Although data are encouraging, more double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trials are needed to clarify the real potentiality of ketamine, and of the other Glu modulators, in the treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression. Copyright © Cambridge University Press 2013.
Treatment of bipolar depression$$$ Depressive symptoms and episodes dominate the long-term course of bipolar disorder and are associated with high levels of disability and an increased risk of suicide. However, the treatment of bipolar depression has been poorly investigated in comparison with that of manic episodes and unipolar major depressive disorder. The goal of treatment in bipolar depression is not only to achieve full remission of acute symptoms, but also to avoid long-term mood destabilization and to prevent relapses. A depressive presentation of bipolar disorder may often delay the appropriate management and, thus, worsen the long-term outcome. In these cases, an accurate screening for diagnostic indicators of a possible bipolar course of the illness should guide the therapeutic choices, and lead to prognostic improvement. Antidepressant use is still the most controversial issue in the treatment of bipolar depression. Despite inconclusive evidence of efficacy and tolerability, this class of agents is commonly prescribed in acute and long-term treatment, often in combination with mood stabilizers. In this article, we review available treatment options for bipolar depression, and we shall provide some suggestions for the management of the different presentations of depression in the course of bipolar disorder. Copyright © Cambridge University Press 2013.
Comprehensive treatment for co-occurring child maltreatment and parental substance abuse: Outcomes from a 24-month pilot study of the MST-Building Stronger Families program$$$ This manuscript presents outcomes from a pilot study of Multisystemic Therapy-Building Stronger Families (MST-BSF), an integrated treatment model for the co-occurring problem of parental substance abuse and child maltreatment among families involved in the child welfare system. Participants were 25 mother-youth dyads who participated in MST-BSF and an additional 18 families with similar demographic and case characteristics who received Comprehensive Community Treatment (CCT). At post-treatment, mothers who received MST-BSF showed significant reductions in alcohol use, drug use, and depressive symptoms; they also significantly reduced their use of psychological aggression with the youth. Youth reported significantly fewer anxiety symptoms following MST-BSF treatment. Relative to families who received CCT, mothers who received MST-BSF were three times less likely to have another substantiated incident of maltreatment over a follow-up period of 24 months post-referral. The overall number of substantiated reabuse incidents in this time frame also was significantly lower among MST-BSF families, and youth who received MST-BSF spent significantly fewer days in out-of-home placements than did their CCT counterparts. These promising preliminary outcomes support the viability of a more rigorous (i.e., randomized) evaluation of the MST-BSF model. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Enhanced protocol compliance in a complex clinical trial using web-based response adaptive treatment instructions$$$ Maintaining patients with severe depression symptom-free after remission due to an initial course of treatment remains challenging. Even mild residual symptoms contribute to functional impairment and increase the likelihood of relapse. Prolonging Remission In Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) is a multi-center randomized controlled clinical trial funded by NIMH. The study design entails a variable-length acute phase for treatment of severe depression (1 to 4 weeks depending on patient response) and a 24 week long randomized phase to maintain remission. The protocol requires that the schedule for study treatments and depression severity assessments must be determined based on the longitudinal trajectory of the clinical status as reflected in the subject's current, previous, and baseline clinical depression rating score. To enhance protocol adherence and minimize the burden on study coordinators, a data-driven rule-based treatment instruction algorithm was developed and implemented as part of the web-based clinical trial management system (CTMS). The algorithm rules were developed based on the consensus understanding of the study protocol among clinicians, statisticians and computer programmers. Study coordinators obtain instructions from the study website related to the timing of the subject's next visit and the number of electroconvulsive treatments that should be administered based on current, baseline and previous total scores on the patient's depression rating. Use of this system results in three advantageous outcomes: 1) data entry is timely, because it is required to obtain treatment instructions, 2) decrease in study coordinator burden through removal of a substantial amount of data the study coordinator would otherwise be required to remember, therefore allowing the SC to focus on patient-centered activities, such as regular follow-up phone contact, and 3) removal of the possibility of human error in implementation of the complex algorithm, thereby improving the fidelity of the study intervention.
Challenges in the treatment of major depressive disorder with psychotic features$$$ Psychotic depression is associated with significant morbidity and mortality but is underdiagnosed and undertreated. In recent years, there have been several studies that have increased our knowledge regarding the optimal treatment of patients with psychotic depression. The combination of an antidepressant and antipsychotic is significantly more effective than either antidepressant monotherapy or antipsychotic monotherapy for the acute treatment of psychotic depression. Most treatment guidelines recommend either the combination of an antidepressant with an antipsychotic or ECT for the treatment of an acute episode of unipolar psychotic depression. The optimal maintenance treatment after a person responds to either the antidepressant/antipsychotic combination or the ECT is unclear particularly as it pertains to length of time the patient needs to take the antipsychotic medication. Little is known regarding the optimal treatment of a patient with bipolar disorder who has an episode of psychotic depression or the clinical characteristics of responders to medication treatments vs ECT treatments. © 2013 Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Maryland Psychiatric Research Center. All rights reserved.
The sertraline versus electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study (SELECT-TDCS): Results of the crossover and follow-up phases$$$ Background Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a promising nonpharmacological therapy for major depression. In the Sertraline versus Electrical Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Trial (SELECT-TDCS) trial, phase-I (Brunoni et al., JAMA Psychiatry, 2013) we found that tDCS is effective for the acute episode. Here, we describe tDCS effects during phases II (crossover) and III (follow-up) of this trial (NCTs: 01149889 and 01149213). Methods Phase II (n = 25) was the open-label, crossover phase in which phase-I nonresponders who had received sham-tDCS received a 10-day course of active-tDCS. In phase-III (n = 42), all active-tDCS responders (>50% Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) improvement or MADRS ≤ 12) were enrolled to a 24-week, follow-up phase in which a maximum of nine tDCS sessions were performed - every other week for 3 months and, thereafter, once a month for the subsequent 3 months - sessions would be interrupted earlier whether the subject relapsed. TDCS was applied at 2 mA/30 min, with the anode over the left and the cathode over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Relapse was the outcome measure. Results In phase-II, 52% of completers responded to tDCS. In phase-III, the mean response duration was 11.7 weeks. The survival rate per Kaplan-Meier analysis was 47%. Patients with treatment-resistant depression presented a much lower 24-week survival rate as compared to nonrefractory patients (10% vs. 77%, OR = 5.52; P <.01). Antidepressant use (sertraline 50 mg/day, eight patients) was not a predictor of relapse. TDCS was well tolerated and with few side effects. Conclusion Continuation tDCS protocols should be optimized as to prevent relapse among tDCS responders, particularly for patients with baseline treatment-resistant depression. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) Guidelines for Biological Treatment of Unipolar Depressive Disorders, Part 1: Update 2013 on the acute and continuation treatment of unipolar depressive disorders$$$ Objectives. This 2013 update of the practice guidelines for the biological treatment of unipolar depressive disorders was developed by an international Task Force of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP). The goal has been to systematically review all available evidence pertaining to the treatment of unipolar depressive disorders, and to produce a series of practice recommendations that are clinically and scientifically meaningful based on the available evidence. The guidelines are intended for use by all physicians seeing and treating patients with these conditions. Methods. The 2013 update was conducted by a systematic update literature search and appraisal. All recommendations were approved by the Guidelines Task Force. Results. This first part of the guidelines (Part 1) covers disease definition, classification, epidemiology, and course of unipolar depressive disorders, as well as the management of the acute and continuation phase treatment. It is primarily concerned with the biological treatment (including antidepressants, other psychopharmacological medications, electroconvulsive therapy, light therapy, adjunctive and novel therapeutic strategies) of adults. Conclusions. To date, there is a variety of evidence-based antidepressant treatment options available. Nevertheless there is still a substantial proportion of patients not achieving full remission. In addition, somatic and psychiatric comorbidities and other special circumstances need to be more thoroughly investigated. Therefore, further high-quality informative randomized controlled trials are urgently needed. © 2013 Informa Healthcare.
Placebo and the new physiology of the doctor-patient relationship$$$ Modern medicine has progressed in parallel with the advancement of biochemistry, anatomy, and physiology. By using the tools of modern medicine, the physician today can treat and prevent a number of diseases through pharmacology, genetics, and physical interventions. Besides this materia medica, the patient's mind, cognitions, and emotions play a central part as well in any therapeutic outcome, as investigated by disciplines such as psychoneuroendocrinoimmunology. This review describes recent findings that give scientific evidence to the old tenet that patients must be both cured and cared for. In fact, we are today in a good position to investigate complex psychological factors, like placebo effects and the doctor-patient relationship, by using a physiological and neuroscientific approach. These intricate psychological factors can be approached through biochemistry, anatomy, and physiology, thus eliminating the old dichotomy between biology and psychology. This is both a biomedical and a philosophical enterprise that is changing the way we approach and interpret medicine and human biology. In the first case, curing the disease only is not sufficient, and care of the patient is of tantamount importance. In the second case, the philosophical debate about the mind-body interaction can find some important answers in the study of placebo effects. Therefore, maybe paradoxically, the placebo effect and the doctor-patient relationship can be approached by using the same biochemical, cellular and physiological tools of the materia medica, which represents an epochal transition from general concepts such as suggestibility and power of mind to a true physiology of the doctor-patient interaction. © 2013 the American Physiological Society.
Comparative study to evaluate the effect of Inj. Labetalol and Inj. Esmolol in attenuating hemodynamic response after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy is useful in treatment of acute and medicated-resistant chronic depression and mania. To compare the effects of Esmolol & Labetalol to attenuate hemodynamic responses after electroconvulsive therapy. 90 patients aging 15 - 60 years were randomly divided into 3 groups of 30 people each. Group 1 received Inj. Normal saline i.v., Group 2 received Inj. Esmolol 1 mg/kg i.v. and Group 3 received Inj.labetalol 0.25 mg/kg i.v. Heart rate and Blood pressure was measured 1 minute after administration of test dose , electroconvulsive shock was applied after 2 minutes of test drug . Patients were observed for vitals and cardiac arrhythmias. The difference in mean heart rate and blood pressure were statistically significant 3 minutes after electroconvulsive therapy (p<0.05) with Esmolol, but statistically insignificant (p>0.05) at 5-10 min. The mean heart rate and blood pressure at 1 minute and 3 minutes after electroconvulsive therapy in Labetalol was statistically insignificant (p>0.05); but after 5 and 10 minutes were found to be statistically significant (p<0.05) Esmolol is effective in attenuating the hemodynamic response to electroconvulsive therapy in first 3 minutes whereas Labetalol is effective in attenuating the response in the period from 3 -10 minutes.
Effect of two weeks of rTMS on brain activity in healthy subjects during an n-back task: A randomized double blind study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown significant efficiency in the treatment of several psychiatric disorders. In depressive disorders, the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is the main target for rTMS, but the effects of this stimulation on cognitive functions and their neural correlates are not well known. Previous works have established that the left DLPFC is reliably activated during the n-back working memory task. Objective: The aim of this randomized double-blind study was to determine the impact of rTMS applied to the DLPFC on brain activity during an n-back task in healthy subjects. Methods: After randomization, twenty subjects received either active treatment (10 sessions; 1 session a day; frequency = 10 Hz; intensity = 110% of motor threshold) or placebo treatment (sham coil). Subjects performed an n-back task during two functional magnetic resonance imaging sessions (one before stimulation, and one after 10 active or sham rTMS sessions). Results: No significant changes, neither in mood nor in performance in the n-back task, were shown. A significant group-by-time interaction effect was found in the bilateral middle frontal gyrus and in the left caudate nucleus. Conclusions: These results show that rTMS applied on the left DLPFC had close and remote effects on brain areas involved in working memory. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Acute antidepressant effects of right unilateral ultra-brief ECT: A double-blind randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Shortening the pulse width to 0.3 ms holds neurophysiological and clinical promise of making ECT safer by limiting cognitive side effects. However, the antidepressant effects of right ultra-brief unilateral ECT are under contention. In an acute ECT course, antidepressant equivalence of ultra-brief right unilateral ECT to the high-dose brief pulse right unilateral ECT was investigated. Methods: Severely depressed patients were randomised to 1 ms-brief pulse (n=18) or 0.3 ms ultra-brief pulse (n=17) right unilateral ECT, both at high-dose (6 times threshold stimulus dose) given thrice weekly. Depression severity was measured using the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale at baseline, after 8 treatments and after the acute course of ECT. Results: Depression severity declined equally in both groups: F (1.27,41.97)=0.31, p=0.63. Median time in days to remission (95%CI) was in brief pulse ECT: 26 (18.6-33.4) and ultra-brief pulse ECT:28 (17.9-38.0). Limitation: The small sample study in the study increases the likelihood of type 2 error. Conclusion: In severe depression, high-dose ultra-brief right unilateral ECT appears to show matching acute antidepressant response to an equally high-dose brief pulse right unilateral ECT. © 2012 Elsevier B.V.
Efficacy and acceptability of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS) versus electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized trials$$$ Clinical trials comparing the efficacy and acceptability of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for treating major depression (MD) have yielded conflicting results. As this may have been the result of limited statistical power, we have carried out this meta-analysis to examine this issue. We searched the literature for randomized trials on head-to-head comparisons between HF-rTMS and ECT from January 1995 through September 2012 using MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and SCOPUS. The main outcome measures were remission rates, pre-post changes in depression ratings, as well as overall dropout rates at study end. We used a random-effects model, Odds Ratios (OR), Number Needed to Treat (NNT), and Hedges' g effect sizes. Data were obtained from 7 randomized trials, totalling 294 subjects with MD. After an average of 15.2 HF-rTMS and 8.2 ECT sessions, 33.6% (38/113) and 52% (53/102) of subjects were classified as remitters (OR = 0.46; p = 0.04), respectively. The associated NNT for remission was 6 and favoured ECT. Also, reduction of depressive symptomatology was significantly more pronounced in the ECT group (Hedges' g = -0.93; p = 0.007). No differences on dropout rates for HF-rTMS and ECT groups were found. In conclusion, ECT seems to be more effective than HF-rTMS for treating MD, although they did not differ in terms of dropout rates. Nevertheless, future comparative trials with larger sample sizes and better matching at baseline, longer follow-ups and more intense stimulation protocols are warranted. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
What is the role of brain stimulation therapies in the treatment of depression? Topical collection on mood disorders$$$ Brain stimulation therapies have demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of depression and treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Non-invasive brain stimulation in the treatment of depression has grown substantially due to their favorable adverse effect profiles. The role of transcranial direct current stimulation in TRD is unclear, but emerging data suggests that it may be an effective add-on treatment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has demonstrated efficacy in TRD that is supported by several multicenter randomized controlled trials. Though, vagus nerve stimulation has been found to be effective in some studies, sham controlled studies were equivocal. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a well-established brain stimulation treatment for severe depression and TRD, yet stigma and cognitive adverse effects limit its wider use. Magnetic seizure therapy has a more favorable cognitive adverse effect profile; however, equivalent efficacy to ECT needs to be established. Deep brain stimulation may play a role in severe TRD and controlled trials are now underway. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Treatment resistant depression: Strategies for primary care topical collection on psychiatry in primary care$$$ Depression is commonly diagnosed and treated in primary care. Recent evidence indicates that the majority of depressed patients will not fully recover with an initial antidepressant treatment. This paper reviews commonly used options for treatment after an inadequate initial antidepressant response. The alternatives range widely, and include escalating the dose of the initial antidepressant, switching to an alternative medication, combining two antidepressants with different mechanisms of action (e.g., bupropion + SSRI or mirtazapine + venlafaxine), adding other medications such as lithium or certain atypical antipsychotics (olanzapine, aripiprazole, or quetiapine) to the antidepressant, adding a natural product such as l-methylfolate or s-adenosylmethionine (SAMe), or adding cognitive behavioral psychotherapy. What agent to be used will depend on the comfort level of the primary care practitioner and the availability of Psychiatry referral. However, it is reasonable to take one or more additional steps to attempt to achieve remission. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Guideline for treatment of bipolar disorder by the Japanese Society of Mood Disorders, 2012$$$ The Japanese Society of Mood Disorders established a committee for treatment guidelines of mood disorders, which created the first edition of a treatment guideline for bipolar disorders on 10 March 2011. The committee has now created a second edition, which we report here. In creating this treatment guideline, the first step was to have several bipolar disorder specialists review well-conducted studies and meta-analyses. Based on this evidence, and with a consensus among the specialists, treatment procedures that were considered optimal were compiled and the strength of recommendation for each treatment method was determined. The first draft, prepared in this manner, was further revised through a process of critical investigation by all committee members to produce the final edition. © 2013 The Authors. Psychiatry and Clinical Neurosciences © 2013 Japanese Society of Psychiatry and Neurology.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression during pregnancy$$$ Although depression during pregnancy can negatively impact both mother and child, new data has raised concerns regarding the use of antidepressants during pregnancy. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-pharmacologic form of neuromodulation that may provide an alternative biologic treatment option for some pregnant women. We have completed an open label pilot study in which we treated 10 women with major depressive disorder (MDD) during pregnancy with low frequency, right-sided TMS. We are now enrolling women for a randomized controlled trial that uses an active sham coil. During this oral communication, TMS will be introduced to the audience and the use in psychiatric disorders will be discussed. The design and results of the pilot study will be presented as well as the results of the sham testing and design of the RCT.
Antidepressant effects of the muscarinic cholinergic receptor antagonist scopolamine: A review$$$ The muscarinic cholinergic receptor system has been implicated in the pathophysiology of depression, with physiological evidence indicating this system is overactive or hyperresponsive in depression and with genetic evidence showing that variation in genes coding for receptors within this system are associated with higher risk for depression. In studies aimed at assessing whether a reduction in muscarinic cholinergic receptor function would improve depressive symptoms, the muscarinic receptor antagonist scopolamine manifested antidepressant effects that were robust and rapid relative to conventional pharmacotherapies. Here, we review the data from a series of randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies involving subjects with unipolar or bipolar depression treated with parenteral doses of scopolamine. The onset and duration of the antidepressant response are considered in light of scopolamine's pharmacokinetic properties and an emerging literature that characterizes scopolamine's effects on neurobiological systems beyond the cholinergic system that appear relevant to the neurobiology of mood disorders. Scopolamine infused at 4.0 μg/kg intravenously produced robust antidepressant effects versus placebo, which were evident within 3 days after the initial infusion. Placebo-adjusted remission rates were 56% and 45% for the initial and subsequent replication studies, respectively. While effective in male and female subjects, the change in depression ratings was greater in female subjects. Clinical improvement persisted more than 2 weeks following the final infusion. The timing and persistence of the antidepressant response to scopolamine suggest a mechanism beyond that of direct muscarinic cholinergic antagonism. These temporal relationships suggest that scopolamine-induced changes in gene expression and synaptic plasticity may confer the therapeutic mechanism. © 2013 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Ameliorating treatment-refractory depression with intranasal ketamine: Potential NMDA receptor actions in the pain circuitry representing mental anguish$$$ This article reviews the antidepressant actions of ketamine, an N-methyl-D-aspartame glutamate receptor (NMDAR) antagonist, and offers a potential neural mechanism for intranasal ketamine's ultra-rapid actions based on the key role of NMDAR in the nonhuman primate prefrontal cortex (PFC). Although intravenous ketamine infusions can lift mood within hours, the current review describes how intranasal ketamine administration can have ultra-rapid antidepressant effects, beginning within minutes (5-40 minutes) and lasting hours, but with repeated treatments needed for sustained antidepressant actions. Research in rodents suggests that increased synaptogenesis in PFC may contribute to the prolonged benefit of ketamine administration, beginning hours after administration. However, these data cannot explain the relief that occurs within minutes of intranasal ketamine delivery. We hypothesize that the ultra-rapid effects of intranasal administration in humans may be due to ketamine blocking the NMDAR circuits that generate the emotional representations of pain (eg, Brodmann Areas 24 and 25, insular cortex), cortical areas that can be overactive in depression and which sit above the nasal epithelium. In contrast, NMDAR blockade in the dorsolateral PFC following systemic administration of ketamine may contribute to cognitive deficits. This novel view may help to explain how intravenous ketamine can treat the symptoms of depression yet worsen the symptoms of schizophrenia.
A review of antidepressant therapy in primary care: Current practices and future directions$$$ Objective: To provide general practitioners with a comparison of major depressive disorder treatments received in primary care and psychiatric clinic settings, a focus on treatment outcomes related to currently prescribed antidepressants, and a review of new and emerging therapeutic strategies. Data Sources: English-language evidence-based guidelines and peer-reviewed literature published between January 1, 2005, and December 31, 2011, were identified using PubMed, MEDLINE, and EMBASE. All searches contained the terms major depressive disorder and unipolar depression, and excluded the terms bipolar disorder/manic depressive disorder. The following search terms were also included: naturalistic study, antidepressant, relapse, recurrence, residual symptoms, response, remission, sequential medication trials, and treatment-resistant depression. Study Selection: Meta-analyses, systematic reviews, and practice guidelines were included. Bibliographies were used to identify additional articles of interest. Data Extraction: Abstracts and articles were screened for relevance to primary care practice. Population-based studies and those involving patients treated in primary care were used whenever possible. Data Synthesis: Achieving remission from a major depressive episode is important to improve functional outcomes and to reduce relapse and recurrence. Despite the availability of numerous antidepressants, as many as 50% of patients require treatment modifications beyond first-line therapy. Among remitters, 90% report residual symptoms that may interfere with function. Patients treated in primary care often have chronic depression (symptom duration ≥ 24 months at presentation) and medical comorbidities. These are clinical predictors of worse outcomes and require individualized attention when treatment is initiated. Antidepressants differ in efficacy, tolerability, and side effects-factors that may affect adherence to treatment. Conclusions: Major depressive disorder is highly prevalent in primary care and is among the most common causes of loss of disability-adjusted life-years worldwide. There are few differences in clinical profiles between depressed patients in primary care and those in specialist clinics, although differences in symptoms and comorbid conditions among individual depressed patients present a challenge for the physician providing individualized treatment. The goal of treatment is remission with good functional and psychosocial outcomes. Physicians in primary care should have expertise in working with a number of current antidepressant approaches and an awareness of new and emerging treatments. © 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Bifrontal tDCS prevents implicit learning acquisition in antidepressant-free patients with major depressive disorder$$$ The findings for implicit (procedural) learning impairment in major depression are mixed. We investigated this issue using transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a method that non-invasively increases/decreases cortical activity. Twenty-eight age- and gender-matched, antidepressant-free depressed subjects received a single-session of active/sham tDCS. We used a bifrontal setup - anode and cathode over the left and the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), respectively. The probabilistic classification-learning (PCL) task was administered before and during tDCS. The percentage of correct responses improved during sham; although not during active tDCS. Procedural or implicit learning acquisition between tasks also occurred only for sham. We discuss whether DLPFC activation decreased activity in subcortical structures due to the depressive state. The deactivation of the right DLPFC by cathodal tDCS can also account for our results. To conclude, active bifrontal tDCS prevented implicit learning in depressive patients. Further studies with different tDCS montages and in other samples are necessary. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Blinding integrity in randomized sham-controlled trials of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a safe and effective treatment for major depression (MD). However, the perceived lack of a suitable sham rTMS condition might have compromised the success of blinding procedures in clinical trials. Thus, we conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) on high frequency (HF-), low frequency (LF-) and bilateral rTMS for MD. We searched the literature from January 1995 to July 2012 using Medline, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and Scopus. The main outcome measure was participants' ability to correctly guess their treatment allocation at study end. We used a random-effects model and risk difference (RD). Overall, data were obtained from seven and two RCTs on HF- and bilateral rTMS, respectively. No RCT on LF-rTMS reporting on blinding success was found. HF- and bilateral rTMS trials enrolled 396 and 93 depressed subjects and offered an average of approximately 13 sessions. At study end, 52 and 59% of subjects receiving HF-rTMS and sham rTMS were able to correctly guess their treatment allocation, a non-significant difference (RD = -0.04; z = -0.51; p = 0.61). Furthermore, 63.3 and 57.5% of subjects receiving bilateral and sham rTMS were able to correctly guess their treatment allocation, also a non-significant difference (RD = 0.05; z = 0.49; p = 0.62). In addition, the use of angulation and sham coil in HF-rTMS trials produced similar results. In summary, existing sham rTMS interventions appear to result in acceptable levels of blinding regarding treatment allocation. © 2013 CINP.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating major depression and schizophrenia: A systematic review of recent meta-analyses$$$ Background. In recent years, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been developed for the treatment of major depression (MD) and schizophrenia. Although rTMS has shown some promising findings, the lack of standardization in the methodology employed has resulted in discordant findings. Objectives. The objective of this systematic review was to summarize several meta-analytical studies exploring the efficacy of rTMS in either MD or schizophrenia in order to examine the methodologies that increase the efficacy of rTMS and to provide some recommendations for future studies. Methods. We searched the MEDLINE database for potentially relevant meta-analytic studies on the use of rTMS for treating major depression and schizophrenia published from January 2000 to October 2011. Results. Fifteen rTMS meta-analytical studies were reviewed (11 on MD and 5 on schizophrenia). Several variables were reviewed including outcome measures, side-effects of rTMS, site of stimulation, frequency and intensity of stimulation, and number of treatment sessions. Conclusions. Overall, rTMS appears to be an effective and promising therapeutic for both MD and schizophrenia. © 2013 Informa UK, Ltd.
Complementary and Integrative Treatments: Tinnitus$$$ This article discusses the use of an integrative approach to treating tinnitus. The authors begin with a discussion of their approach to tinnitus patients, followed by a detailed look at the physiology of tinnitus and several theories of its mechanism. The many viable options for tinnitus relief are discussed, including sound therapies, Western medical approaches, and herbal and traditional medicines that can be used as integrative and complementary treatments. It concludes with a reminder that a variety of treatment optionsare available to tinnitus patients to help them take control of their symptoms. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Efficacy and practical issues of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on chronic medically unexplained symptoms of pain$$$ Abstract Chronic pain is a common issue worldwide and remains a big challenge to physicians, particularly when the underlying causes do not meet any specific disease for settlement. Such medically unexplained somatic symptoms of pain that lack an integrated diagnosis in medicine have a high psychiatric comorbidity such as depression, and will require a multidisciplinary treatment strategy for a better outcome. Thus, most patients deserted management in spite of being inadequately treated and even presented with high resistance to analgesic drugs. Noninvasive brain stimulation, including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), has been used to treat refractory neuropathic pain and the analgesic efficacy is promising. So far, some case series and randomized rTMS studies have reported on patients with certain medically unexplained symptoms (MUSs) of pain (e.g., psychogenic pain or somatic symptoms in major depression and fibromyalgia). However, there is still no review article that is specific to the efficacy of rTMS on chronic unexplained symptoms of pain. Therefore, in the present review, we ventured to clarify the terminology and summarized the analgesic effects of rTMS on chronic MUSs of pain. © 2013, Taiwan Society of Anesthesiologists. Published by Elsevier Taiwan LLC. All rights.
Non-invasive brain stimulation in children: Applications and future directions$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a neurostimulation and neuromodulation technique that has provided over two decades of data in focal, non-invasive brain stimulation based on the principles of electromagnetic induction. Its minimal risk, excellent tolerability and increasingly sophisticated ability to interrogate neurophysiology and plasticity make it an enviable technology for use in pediatric research with future extension into therapeutic trials. While adult trials show promise in using TMS as a novel, non-invasive, non-pharmacologic diagnostic and therapeutic tool in a variety of nervous system disorders, its use in children is only just emerging. TMS represents an exciting advancement to better understand and improve outcomes from disorders of the developing brain. © 2013 Versita Warsaw and Springer-Verlag Wien.
Clinical study on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the improvement of sleep quality in patients with depression$$$ Background: The prevalence of depressive disorder is increasing. Patients with depression often go to general hospital with chief complaint about somatization symptoms, including sleep disorders as one of the most common chief complaints. Therefore, improvement of sleep quality becomes the most important problem. The aim of this study is to explore the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the improvement of sleep quality in patients with depression. Methods Forty-two depressive patients were admitted to neurology department of general hospital with somatization symptoms. Patients with Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) score ≥ 7 and Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAMA) score > 14 points were randomly divided into two groups, drug treatment group (given drug only) and combined group (given drug plus rTMS treatment). HAMD total score, HAMA score, sleep disorder, depression, and somatization symptoms were assessed before treatment and 1, 2, 4, and 8 weeks after treatment, respectively, and were compared between two groups. Results: The scores in every item were significantly different in both groups at different observation time points (P = 0.000). There were interactions of treatment methods with observation time points (P = 0.000, for all). Compared with drug treatment group, total score of HAMD, score of HAMA and somatization symptoms at 1, 2 and 4 weeks after treatment were decreased (P = 0.000, for all); the score of sleep disorders was decreased at 1 week after treatment (P = 0.001); and the scores of depression at 1 and 2 weeks after treatment were decreased (P=0.000, for all) in combined group. In comparison with pre-treatment, the differences of scores in every item were significant at different observation time points (P = 0.000), excepting 1 week after treatment in drug treatment group (P > 0.05), but were all significant in combined group (P = 0.000). The total effective rates at 1, 2 and 4 weeks after treatment in combined group [63.64%(14/22), 86.36% (19/22) and 90.91% (20/ 22)] were all significantly higher than those in drug treatment group [20% (4/20), 55% (11/20), and 75% (15/20)] (P = 0.000, for all). Conclusion: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with drug treatment for patients with depression is better than simple drug therapy in early initiation of efficacy, achievement of good effect, and improvement of sleep quality, and can raise the compliance with treatment.
Continuation electroconvulsive therapy with pharmacotherapy versus pharmacotherapy alone for prevention of relapse of depression: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Objective: The primary aim of the study was to test the hypothesis that relapse prevention with continuation electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) plus pharmacotherapy is more effective than pharmacotherapy alone after a course of ECT for depression. Methods: A multicenter, nonblinded, randomized controlled trial with 2 parallel groups was performed from 2008 to 2012 in 4 hospitals in Sweden. Patients eligible had unipolar or bipolar depression and had responded to a course of ECT. The patients (n = 56) were randomly assigned (1:1) to receiving either 29 treatments of continuation ECT with pharmacotherapy or pharmacotherapy alone for 1 year. The pharmacotherapy consisted of antidepressants (98%), lithium (56%), and antipsychotics (30%). The main outcome was relapse of depression within 1 year. Relapse was defined as 20 or more points on the Montgomery A sberg Depression Rating Scale or inpatient psychiatric care or suicide or suspected suicide. All 56 patients randomized were analyzed according to an intention to treat analysis. Results: Sixty-one percent of the patients treated with pharmacotherapy versus 32% of the patients treated with ECT plus pharmacotherapy relapsed within 1 year (P = 0.036). The Cox proportional hazard ratio was 2.32 (1.03Y5.22). Cognitive function and memory measures were stable for patients without relapse in both groups. One suspected suicide and 3 suicide attempts by intoxication occurred, all in the pharmacotherapy-alone group. Conclusions: The post-ECT relapse rates were substantial in both treatment groups with a statistically significant advantage for combined treatment with pharmacotherapy and continuation ECT. Further studies are needed to define indications for continuation ECT, pharmacotherapy, and their combination.Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A rational insurance coverage policy for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression$$$ Although most health insurance plans do not cover repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of major depression, coverage is increasing, with approval often granted on a case-by-case basis. Accordingly, it is important for physicians who are advocating for coverage on behalf of their patients to provide cogent arguments based on published data.Most patients presenting for rTMS have medication resistance that is beyond the Food and Drug AdministrationYapproved indication of one failed but adequate trial of an antidepressant medication. However, recent naturalistic studies lend support to the proposition that rTMS is efficacious for more medicationresistant patients.Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Low-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) effectiveness of the first treatment$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a widely used, highly effective antidepressant treatment. Except for the most severely ill patients, right unilateral (RUL) electrode placement is the most frequent initial treatment choice. In current practice, RUL ECT is administered at several multiples of seizure threshold (ST) based on reports that lower stimulus intensity results in lower response/remission rates. Many patients, as part of an initial dose titration to determine ST, will receive a single treatment with low-dose RUL ECT and subsequent treatments with a stimulus at a multiple of ST. Objective: To assess response to the first ECT. Methods: A retrospective analysis of charts from clinical practice at Mount Sinai Medical Center was performed. Results: A single treatment with low-dose (presumably near ST) RUL ECT had a significant and immediate antidepressant effect in our sample of patients with major depression. We determined that this response is similar to that of patients receiving a single initial treatment with highdose RUL ECT (at a multiple of ST). Conclusions: These data suggest, contrary to commonly held belief, that RUL ECT may be effective at a low stimulus dose. This argues against restimulating at 6 times ST in the initial session, based on the belief that the near-threshold seizure has no antidepressant efficacy. Our findings suggest a need for further investigation of cases in which low-dose RUL ECT may be an effective antidepressant treatment. Further prospective studies, including larger numbers of patients who receive randomized treatment with low- or high-dose RUL with longer follow-up, are indicated.Copyright © 2013 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Opinion: A role for placebo therapy in psychogenic movement disorders$$$ Psychogenic movement disorders (PMDs) mimic known movement disorders but are not attributed to an underlying neurological pathology and are generally thought to have a psychological origin. Owing to the lack of a clear pathology, patients often experience multiple referrals, frequent office visits, and numerous - often fruitless - technically sophisticated tests and interventions. No standard of care exists for PMDs, and affected patients can experience debilitating symptoms for a lifetime. Some physicians advocate the use of placebo treatment for patients with PMDs, and placebo therapy can have beneficial neurophysiological effects. Innovative research will be necessary to develop effective therapeutics for psychogenic disorders and to make recommendations for future clinician training and health care policy. This Perspectives article aims to trigger international dialogue focusing on the diagnosis and treatment of patients with PMDs, and to reframe and deepen discussion of placebo prescribing for PMDs and beyond. © 2013 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Non-invasive brain stimulation in children: Applications and future directions$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a neurostimulation and neuromodulation technique that has provided over two decades of data in focal, non-invasive brain stimulation based on the principles of electromagnetic induction. Its minimal risk, excellent tolerability and increasingly sophisticated ability to interrogate neurophysiology and plasticity make it an enviable technology for use in pediatric research with future extension into therapeutic trials. While adult trials show promise in using TMS as a novel, non-invasive, non-pharmacologic diagnostic and therapeutic tool in a variety of nervous system disorders, its use in children is only just emerging. TMS represents an exciting advancement to better understand and improve outcomes from disorders of the developing brain.
Risk-benefit & decision analyses of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treatment refractory depression$$$ Objective: Non-response to medications is becoming an increasing concern: the NIMH sponsored STARD trial (Trivedi et al, 2006) showed that in a community sample, only one-third of patients will achieve remission from an antidepressant trial, and up to one-third will not achieve remission after four different treatment trials. Our research goal is to develop a decision model for ECT use in treatment refractory depressed patients with a diagnosis of depression or bipolar disorder. Medications are first-line treatment for depres- sive episodes in major as well as bipolar depression. The objective of this research project is to develop a risk-benefit analysis and decision model for ECT use in depressed patients. The analysis and model will assist rational decision making to balance benefits and adverse events of ECT in psychiatric patients with a specific profile of disease characteristics and individual values. Use of this treatment option and related decision tool will help maximize the benefits in accordance to individual patient values. This project is developing a new scientific and technical tool, namely an evidencebased model for clinical decision making, to make the application of ECT less burdensome, more efficient and more patient-centered. Methods: In order to develop a new decision model deployable for a patient-centered evaluation of ECT utilization in treatmentrefractory depressed patients, our risk-benefit analysis as well as decision model are going to be based on probabilities of beneficial and adverse effects of ECT captured by a systematic literature review and meta-analysis. A literature review was conducted in NCBI's PubMed using the following search syntax: o((“electroconvulsive” [ All Fields] OR “convulsive therapy” [mesh] OR “electroshock” [ mesh] OR “ECT” [All Fields] OR “electroshock” [All Fields] OR “convulsive” [All Fields]) AND (Clinical Trial[ptyp] OR Randomized Controlled Trial[ptyp] OR Clinical Trial, Phase II[ptyp] OR Clinical Trial, Phase III[ptyp] OR Comparative Study [ptyp] OR Controlled Clinical Trial[ptyp]) AND English[lang])The actual process of decision model building is carried out by use of the TreeAge® software. Results: A systematic literature review was done using the search syntax outlined above. The search yielded a total of 3072 titles. Using the limitation parameters from the methods section, 2846 articles were excluded. The review of 226 randomized clinical trials comparing different ECT modalities or ECT versus sham ECT/placebo, no ECT or antidepressants led to the structure of the decision analysis tree (displayed on the poster) and will inform the probabilities to be associated with each branch of the tree. Probabilities are currently added to each branch of the decision analysis tree, based on pooled evidence from published randomized trials about the effectiveness and safety of ECT. In addition, focus groups with clinicians, experts, patients and patient's relatives will assist in imputing a range of plausible values for each outcome (effectiveness and safety) into the decision model of ECT for treatment refractory depression.
Concomitant anticonvulsants in bitemporal ECT: Seizure and clinical effects$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for major affective disorders .The combined use of ECT and anticonvulsant mood stabilizers has been a clinical scenario with paucity of literature apart from some open trials and a retrospective chart review. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled trial involving 48 patients - with three limbs wherein the dose of the medication was stopped, halved or continued at full dose. The number of patients in each limb was as follows - stop group (10), half dose (14) and full dose (24). A blind rater assessed the patients using psychopathology scales - YMRS, HDRS, CGI. Repeated Measures ANOVA (RMANOVA) was used for statistical analysis. Results: Analysis showed a trend towards faster improvement in the group taking full dose of anticonvulsants. Seizure parameters showed no significant difference between the three groups. Number of ECTs, final YMRS, CGI scores showed no significant difference between the three groups of patients. Discussion: The trial has clinical implications in the background of clear guidelines lacking with regard to clinical scenarios involving the concomitant use of ECT and anticonvulsants as mood stabilizers in bipolar disorder.
Treatment resistant bipolar depression: A randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy and algorithm based pharmacological treatment$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is regarded as the most effective option in treatment resistant bipolar disorder (BD) depression even though no randomized controlled trials (RCT) evaluating the effect exists. The aim of the study was to compare ECT and algorithm based pharmacological treatment in treatment resistant BD depression. Methods: A prospective, multi-site, randomized controlled (1:1 randomization), acute treatment trial (Trial registration: clinicaltrials. gov Identifier: NCT00664976). N = 73 patients (DSM-IV diagnosis) randomized to: (1) ECT, three sessions per week for up to six weeks; or (2) Algorithm-based pharmacological treatment. The weekly MADRS and IDS scores over the six treatment weeks were compared for ECT and the pharmacological group using a mixed effect modeling approach. Time to response and remission were measured applying cox regression analyses. Results: ECT was significantly more effective than algorithm-based pharmacological treatment as measured with the IDS. The difference was modest, there was no difference in time to remission and remission rate overall was low. Discussion: ECT was slightly more effective than pharmacological treatment. The low remission rates for both treatments confirm the challenges in treating BD depression and the urgent need for more effective treatment options.
The patient with advanced Parkinson's disease$$$ Patients with advanced Parkinson's disease (PD) suffer from both motor and non-motor impairment. There is a significant deterioration in the patients' quality of life, and the management of their symptoms becomes much more complicated and is sometimes unsatisfactory for both the patient and the treating physician. Patients with advanced PD rate mood impairment (depression) and cognitive (dementia) impairment as having a greater impact on their quality of life than motor impairment. Motor impairment typically shows fluctuations which may be unpredictable or correspond with high and low concentrations of plasma dopamine which in turn lead to phasic rather than tonic stimulation of dopamine receptors in the striatum. For this reason, the aim should be to achieve continuous dopamine replacement. An additional problem for the implementation of this therapeutic concept is impaired intestinal motility which causes erratic absorption of oral medication. Most patients initially show a wearing-off phenomenon which may be treated by a triple therapy consisting of levodopa/carbidopa/entacapone, the addition of a MAO-B inhibitor or a long-acting dopamine agonist. The addition of a long-acting dopamine agonist to pre-existing levodopa is a new concept and is supported by studies which indicate a reduction in side effects and good motor control. In even more advanced stages of PD so-called on/ off phases occur which require more elaborate treatment. Another group of patients present with levodopa-induced dyskinesia. These patients should undergo deep brain stimulation. Contraindications for this treatment include severe vascular brain disease, depression, dementia, and coagulopathies. Most centers target the subthalamic nucleus and only few select the globus pallidus. In most cases, the outcome is extremely satisfying and initial studies indicate that the long-term prognosis is good, although over time patients require more and additional medication. Patients who are not eligible for deep brain stimulation have the option of the duodopa pump which requires a gastrostomy, or the apomorphine pump, where the dopamine agonist apomorphine is delivered subcutaneously. Both pump systems also lead to a significant improvement of motor function and guarantee a more continuous dopamine replacement therapy. Besides motor problems, disturbances of the autonomous nervous system, impairments of mood and cognition, pain and fatigue occur in advanced PD patients. Whilst James Parkinson claims in his essay on the shaking palsy that the senses and intellect are uninjured, more recent work shows that up to 30 % of PD patients present with dementia. We have shown that amongst 1,331 German PD-patients analysed for psychiatric symptoms, 15 % presented with dementia, 11 % with both dementia and depression and 9 % with both dementia and psychosis. If patients live long enough they will all develop dementia, which usually occurs 4-5 years before death. In PD with dementia, the number of Lewy bodies, which are smaller than the ones found in the substantia nigra, is increased in the cortex and about 60-80 % of cholinergic neurons are lost in the nc. basalis of Meynert. Therefore several well-conducted studies are currently investigating the efficacy of cholinesterase-inhibitors in PD and dementia. In Germany, rivastigmine is the only substance licensed for Parkinson dementia. Another study has recently been published and proved that donepezile showed some efficacy, while memantine was not of significant benefit to the patients. Depression in PD is a very common phenomenon and is mainly caused by the degeneration of monoaminergic neurotransmitter systems and by fronto-cortical dysfunction. Neuropathological findings show a loss of neurons in the noradrenergic Nc. coeruleus and in some patients also a loss of neurons of the serotonergic nc. Raphe. These neuroanatomical changes prove that it is not only reactive behaviour which causes depression. Since some of the loops connecting the basal ganglia to frontal areas use D3-dopaminergic receptors, it is worthwhile considering whether D3-dopamine agonists might positively influence depression. Depression affects at least 40-50 % of PD patients and may even precede the motor symptoms. This is the case in 30 % of patients with PD and depression. Depression in PD is usually of mild-to-moderate severity and suicide is rare. Early symptoms are loss of initiative and self-esteem. Panic attacks and anxiety commonly occur and there is only a weak correlation between mood change and severity of motor disability. PD depression differs from that seen in affective disorders. Treatment of depression in PD includes psychosocial support, behavioural therapy (coping), psychotherapy, drug therapy and electroconvulsive therapy. A detailed discussion of dopamine agonists with affinity to D3- receptors (pramipexole, ropinirole), nortriptyline and other tricyclics and modern SSRI or NSRI will be given. So far, only three randomized controlled studies have been performed in this field.
Neurocognitive rehabilitation by improving motor planning versus treadmill training for freezing of gait in Parkinson's disease: A clinical and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) study$$$ Objectives: Freezing of gait (FoG) is a highly disabling symptom of Parkinson's disease (PD) characterized by a sudden disruption of gait pattern which causes brief and episodic absence of forward progression of the feet during walking. Generally, pharmacological treatments have poor efficacy while rehabilitation seems to have an important role in reducing FoG phenomena. Among rehabilitation strategies, cueing and treadmill training (TT) are considered the best practice but programs based on neurocognitive rehabilitation aimed at improving motor planning by using motor imagery (NR-MI) have never been tested so far. We wanted to test the efficacy of NR-MI in reducing FoG, as compared with TT. Methods: 14 PD patients with FoG and no evidence of dementia (MMSE>24) or depression (BDI<16) were enrolled and randomly assigned to two treatment groups. Group 1 performed 20 sessions of NR-MI, while Group 2 underwent 20 sessions of TT. Disease stage (H&Y and UPDRS III), disability (MPAS), FoG (FOGQ), quality of life (PDQ-39) were assessed at baseline, at the end of the rehabilitation program (T1), 1 month (T2), and 3 months after treatment (T3). At baseline, patients underwent also a brief neuropsychological testing to asses mainly frontal and executive functions. Furthermore, patients were studied before and after treatment with single and paired pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) to investigate possible changes in primary motor cortex excitability. Results: At baseline, the two groups did not differ for any considered variable. At T1 evaluation, Group 1 showed significantly lower scores of FoGQ and higher scores of MPAS compared to Group 2. Goup differences in FoGQ score were maintained at T2 evaluation. Comparing T1 and T2 evaluations with baseline scores, a significant reduction of FoGQ score was found for group 1, whereas no differences were detectable for group 2. TMS suggested a tendency toward an increase in the excitability of the motor cortex after both treatments with respect to baseline indexes of intracortical inhibition and facilitation, and of threshold and recruitment curves. Conclusions: Patients treated with NR-MI experienced a significant improvement of FoG, while patients treated with TT did not show any significant benefit. NR-MI apperas to be an interesting rehabilitation strategy to treat FoG in PD patients.
The efficacy and safety of oxycodone hydrochloride injection for postoperative analgesia: A prospective, randomised, blinded, multicentre, positive-controlled clinical trial$$$ Objective: Oxycodone, an opiate agonist, is indicated for moderate-to-severe pain relief, and has been shown to have greater potency for postoperative pain relief and reduced adverse events (AEs) compared with morphine.1 The primary objective of this study was to investigate the efficacy and safety of oxycodone and morphine injection in alleviating acute postoperative pain. Methods: Patients aged 18-65 years and undergoing abdominal or orthopaedic surgery were randomised to receive oxycodone hydrochloride or morphine sulphate via patient-controlled administration (PCA) for 48 hours post-surgery. Oxycodone or morphine (1 mg) was intravenously injected via PCA pump for every bolus dose and the lock-out time was set to 5 min. The primary efficacy endpoint was pain at rest rated on a visual analogue scale (VAS) during 48 hours post-surgery. Results: A total of 224 patients were recruited (n=109 morphine; n=115 oxycodone). There was no significant difference in resting and coughing VAS scores between groups, indicating that the analgesic effect of oxycodone was non-inferior to that of morphine. No patient in the oxycodone group required rescue analgesia, while four patients in the morphine group required rescue analgesia. The incidence of overall AEs was 24% in the morphine group and 14% in the oxycodone group, and the incidence of nausea and vomiting was lower with oxycodone than with morphine, although not statistically significant. Of patients undergoing orthopaedic surgery (n=96), the incidence of nausea and vomiting was significantly lower in those receiving oxycodone than morphine (6.5% vs 24.0%; P=0.018 and 4.4% vs 18.0%; P=0.036, respectively). No serious AEs, including respiratory depression, occurred. Patient analgesia satisfaction rates were 92% in the oxycodone group and 86% in the morphine group. Conclusions: The efficacy of oxycodone and morphine injection for acute postoperative pain relief was similar (1:1 dose ratio). For patients who had undergone orthopaedic surgery, the incidence of nausea and vomiting was significantly lower in the oxycodone than in the morphine group. As nausea and vomiting have a marked impact on quality of life, patient analgesic satisfaction was greater in the oxycodone group. The AE profiles of oxycodone and morphine in this study indicate clinical benefit of oxycodone use for acute postoperative pain relief, particularly in patients who have undergone orthopaedic surgery.
Improvement in depression ratings after the first electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): Preliminary data from phase i of the PRIDE Study$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is generally regarded as the fastest antidepressant treatment. Most investigators have reported remission rates of 60Y70% after 2Y3 weeks (6Y9 ECT) of treatment. The time course of overall improvement and the decrease of specific signs and symptoms have been studied. However, relatively little attention has been paid to the effects of the first treatment in the series. We report the change in depression ratings after the first ECT treatment in a cohort of 141 patients who participated in Phase I of the Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) study. Methods: PRIDE is an NIMH-supported, multi-site collaborative study in which unipolar depressed geriatric patients receive a course of ultrabrief pulse right unilateral ECT augmented by venlafaxine (Phase I). Remitters are randomized to two active treatment conditions: flexible continuation ECT plus venlafaxine/lithium or venlafaxine/lithium alone in the 6-month continuation phase (Phase II). In Phase I, a stimulus dose titration procedure to determine seizure threshold is carried out at the first treatment, with the first stimulus at 25 millicoulombs (mc), and subsequent stimuli at 50, 75, and 100 mc, if needed. Clinical ratings were conducted at baseline and in association with each ECT, with the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD24). Results: As of December 2012, 152 patients had entered Phase I of the PRIDE Study and had Phase I endpoint information (remitters, nonremitters, dropout). Data on response to the first ECT in Phase I were available for 141 patients. Of these, 113 (80.1%) had a seizure at 25 mc and were not restimulated. The mean decrease in HRSD24 after one ECT was 7.5 points (SD = 6.8, n = 141). The modal decrease in HRSD24 scorewas 10 points. 10% of patients had a decrease in HRSD24 915 points; at the other end of the spectrum, 10% of patients had an increase of HRSD24 (worsening) of > 1point. 11.4% of patients had a decrease in HRSD24 of Q 50%, typically defined as the criterion for ''response.'' Conclusions: The first right unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT, given at a low stimulus dose, was associated with a substantial decrease in depression severity. These data add to the evidence base of the potency of the first ECT in a series. Furthermore, they demonstrate antidepressant efficacy of ultrabrief pulse ECT at relatively low stimulus doses. Restimulation with a suprathreshold stimulus at the first ECT may be unnecessary to provide antidepressant effect.
Randomized controlled trial assessing the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder in pregnancy$$$ Objective: To determine the efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in pregnant women with major depressive disorder (MDD). Background: Evidence suggests that between 5Y10% of pregnant women suffer from major depressive disorder.1 Although treatment of depressive symptoms with medication is generally low risk, studies show women find non-medication treatments more acceptable.2,3 Open-label pilot data has shown TMS to be a promising modality to treat depressive symptoms in pregnant women.4 Design/Methods: In a double-blind randomized controlled trial, 66 women with MDD who are 14Y34 weeks gestational age will be randomized to active or placebo TMS with an open-label extension phase. Active treatment consists of 20 sessions of 1 Hz TMS at 100% motor threshold to the right prefrontal dorsolateral cortex. The total study dose is 18,000 pulses. Subjects undergo growth ultrasounds at study entry and study completion and delivery data is collected. Results: To date, 10 women have completed the study. At enrollment, the mean age of subjects was 27.9 years (SD 6.1) and mean gestational age was 29.5 weeks (SD 7.2). Three subjects were randomized to active treatment and 7 to placebo. 3/3 (100%) of subjects receiving active TMS responded (≥50% in Hamilton Depression Scale (HDRS-17) scores). 3/7 (42.9%) of subjects receiving placebo responded. Mild headache and postural hypotension were reported by 6/10 (60%) and 1/10 (10%) subjects respectively. Conclusions: TMS has demonstrated potential as a treatment option for pregnant women with MDD.
2013 ISEN Abstracts$$$ The proceedings contain 10 papers. The topics discussed include: changes in default-mode resting state fMRI following ECT in major depression; randomized controlled trial assessing the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder in pregnancy; improvement in depression ratings after the first electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): preliminary data from phase I of the PRIDE study; anatomical variability predicts individual differences in ECT seizure threshold: a combined preclinical and computational modeling study; near-normalization of health-related quality of life in depressed patients after 6-months of sustained remission post-ECT; low seizure threshold with ultra-brief pulse right unilateral ECT in the elderly: preliminary data from phase I of the PRIDE study; effects of acute course electroconvulsive therapy on global cognitive function in elderly adults with depression; and early life stress impacts DLPFC functional connectivity in healthy adults: implications for transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Speed of response in ultrabrief and brief pulse width right unilateral ECT$$$ Ultrabrief pulse width stimulation electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) results in less cognitive side-effects than brief pulse ECT, but recent work suggests that more treatment sessions may be required to achieve similar efficacy. In this retrospective analysis of subjects pooled from three research studies, time to improvement was analysed in 150 depressed subjects who received right unilateral ECT with a brief pulse width (at five times seizure threshold) or ultrabrief pulse width (at six times seizure threshold). Multivariate Cox regression analyses compared the number of treatments required for 50% reduction in depression scores (i.e. speed of response) in these two samples. The analyses controlled for clinical, demographic and treatment variables that differed between the samples or that were found to be significant predictors of speed of response in univariate analyses. In the multivariate analysis, older age predicted faster speed of response. There was a non-significant trend for faster time to 50% improvement with brief pulse ECT (p = 0.067). Remission rates were higher after brief pulse ECT than ultrabrief pulse ECT (p = 0.007) but response rates were similar. This study, the largest of its kind reported to date, suggests that fewer treatments may be needed to attain response with brief than ultrabrief pulse ECT and that remission rates are higher with brief pulse ECT. Further research with a larger randomized and blinded study is recommended. © Published by CINP 2012.
Symptom management in patients with lung cancer: Diagnosis and management of lung cancer, 3rd ed: American college of chest physicians evidence-based clinical practice guidelines$$$ Background: Many patients with lung cancer will develop symptoms related to their disease process or the treatment they are receiving. These symptoms can be as debilitating as the disease progression itself. To many physicians these problems can be the most difficult to manage. Methods: A detailed review of the literature using strict methodologic review of article quality was used in the development of this article. MEDLINE literature reviews, in addition to Cochrane reviews and other databases, were used for this review. The resulting article lists were then reviewed by experts in each area for quality and finally interpreted for content. Results: We have developed recommendations for the management of many of the symptom complexes that patients with lung cancer may experience: pain, dyspnea, airway obstruction, cough, bone metastasis, brain metastasis, spinal cord metastasis, superior vena cava syndrome, hemoptysis, tracheoesophageal fistula, pleural effusions, venous thromboembolic disease, depression, fatigue, anorexia, and insomnia. Some areas, such as dyspnea, are covered in considerable detail in previously created high-quality evidence-based guidelines and are identified as excellent sources of reference. The goal of this guideline is to provide the reader recommendations based on evidence supported by scientific study. Conclusions: Improved understanding and recognition of cancer-related symptoms can improve management strategies, patient compliance, and quality of life for all patients with lung cancer. Copyright © by the American College of Chest Physicians 2013.
Therapeutic time window of noninvasive brain stimulation for pain treatment: Inhibition of maladaptive plasticity with early intervention$$$ Neuromodulatory effects of noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) have been extensively studied in chronic disorders such as major depression, chronic pain and stroke. However, few studies have explored the use of these techniques in acute conditions. A possible use of NIBS in acute disorders is to prevent or reverse ongoing maladaptive plastic alterations, seemingly responsible for treatment refractoriness and detrimental behavioral changes. In this review, the authors discuss the potential role of NIBS in blocking maladaptive plasticity using the transition of acute to chronic pain in conditions such as postsurgical pain, central poststroke pain, pain after spinal cord injury and pain after traumatic brain injury as a model. The authors also present suggestions for clinical trial design using NIBS in the acute stage of illnesses. © 2013 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Brain stimulation therapies for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is a major public health problem, affecting patients, their close relatives, and the society as a whole. Despite recent developments in psychopharmacotherapy, more than 50% of depressed patients fail to reach complete remission even when adequately treated. Neurostimulation therapies are an open field in research for the treatment of TRD, involving the delivery of physical interventions either through electric current or a magnetic field to target selective or generalized brain regions. In this paper we review evidences for four brain-stimulation therapies, i.e. electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS), and we enlighten several new approaches regarding ECT, rTMS and epidural cortical stimulation (EpCS). ECT is the form of neurostimulation with the most extensive evidence, rTMS and VNS have a much smaller evidence base. There is emerging evidence that DBS is effective for otherwise TRD, but this is still an investigational approach. Other approaches are anecdotal reports. ECT and rTMS can be considered as a first-line treatment under specific circumstances. Evidence supporting VNS is less consistent and DBS remains an investigational treatment. Other techniques are promising, but double-blind studies are warranted to evaluate these new approaches to TRD.
Super refractory status epilepticus: The development of a paradigm for critical care management$$$ Super refractory status epilepticus (SRSE) is a sub category of status epilepticus recently defined as seizures that persist following 24 hours of critical care sedation. SRSE is associated with a high morbidity and mortality. Protocols for the management of SRSE have been proposed, but restricted clinical trial data compromises the ability to develop a comprehensive critical care treatment paradigm. The majority of the published literature relates to anecdotal reports, case series, reviews and opinion. The objective of this review is to consolidate the knowledge of the treatment of SRSE and develop a management paradigm providing a clear clinical guide ro future clinical management and clinical trials.
Methodological differences between pharmacological treatment guidelines for bipolar disorder: What to do for the clinicians?$$$ Objective: Numerous guidelines for bipolar disorder have been published. The aim of this article is to underline the main differences between consensus-based guidelines (CBG) and evidence-based guidelines (EBG) currently available for the management of bipolar disorder. Methods: A literature search for guidelines published since 2006 was performed. A qualitative analysis was then conducted to compare the methodologies and the guidelines contents. Results: Comparison between CBG and EBG found more similarities than differences. However, discordances were found in the first-line choice of treatment (monotherapy or combination, use of lamotrigine or lithium in bipolar depression), time to reassessment and duration of maintenance treatment, introduction as from the acute phase a regimen compatible with long-term use and pharmacotherapy during pregnancy. Conclusions: The choice of policy, whatever the methodology used, is up to the authors and can, therefore, depend on their interpretation of the available scientific evidence. Combining both methodologies (CBG and EBG) enables us to meet the complete definition of evidence-based medicine. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A 12-month naturalistic observation of three patients receiving repeat intravenous ketamine infusions for their treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Acute administration of subanesthestic doses of intravenous ketamine have been shown to elicit a rapid antidepressant response in patients with treatment-resistant depression. However, it remains to be seen if repeated doses over a longer period of time will have the same effects. Here, we assess the long-term efficacy of repeated intravenous ketamine infusions in three patients with high treatment-resistant depression via a naturalistic observation study. Method: Three patients consented to intravenous ketamine infusions as a therapy for their treatment-resistant depression. Patients were administered ketamine at 0.5 mg/kg of ideal body weight over 40 min followed by a saline flush until discharge. Severity of depressive symptoms was rated with the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale. Results: All three patients responded to the ketamine infusions, but each went through an individualized course of treatment based on their own response. Limitations: This was an open-label naturalistic observation without blinding, randomization, or a placebo control. Conclusions: These cases add to the literature supporting the therapeutic effect of low-dose repeated intravenous ketamine for patients with treatment-resistant depression. Further study is needed to define the risks, benefits, indications, and contraindications of this potential treatment. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Screening for bipolar disorder among patients undergoing a major depressive episode: Report from the BRIDGE study in Egypt$$$ Background: To estimate the frequency of bipolar disorder (BPD) among patients with a major depressive episode (MDE) and elucidate clinically-relevant factors predictive of bipolarity. Methods: We evaluated 306 patients undergoing a MDE at facilities throughout Egypt. Patients were given the HCL-32 R2 questionnaire to assess the presence of manic/hypomanic symptoms; those scoring >14 were considered bipolar. We also investigated how various clinical criteria for bipolarity changed the incidence of bipolar diagnosis. Finally, we examined if demographics, psychiatric history, clinical characteristics, and the incidence of co-morbid conditions differed significantly between bipolar and unipolar patients. Results: The positive screen rate for BPD based on HCL-32 R2 scores was 62.2% (188/302). However, only 26% (80/306) of patients had been diagnosed previously as bipolar. In contrast, when DSM-IV criteria were used, only 13.7% (42/306) of patients qualified as bipolar. A number of factors were highly predictive of bipolarity including: seasonality, number of past mood episodes, history of psychiatric hospitalization, mixed state, and mood reactivity. Of the comorbidities examined, only borderline personality disorder occurred at a higher rate in bipolar than in unipolar patients. Limitations: Participating centers were not randomly selected and there could be a bias if only psychiatrists having specific interest in BPD were included. Conclusions: The positive HCL-32-R2-based bipolar screen rate of 62% suggests that a substantial proportion of patients with a MDE may have BPD. Further, a number of factors in the patient's psychiatric history as well as clinical aspects of the episode itself may signal an increased likelihood of bipolarity. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Indications for electroconvulsive treatment in schizophrenia: A systematic review$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a medical treatment that is most effective for mood disorders (Bipolar Disorder and Major Depression). It has also been shown to be an effective treatment for schizophrenia accompanied by catatonia, extreme depression, mania and other affective components. ECT is currently under-used in many psychiatric settings due to its stigmatized perception by patients and mental health professionals. However, many unanswered questions remain regarding its role in the management of patients with schizophrenia. Aim: Evaluate the main indications of ECT in subjects suffering from schizophrenia. Objectives: Investigate the efficacy and the main indications of ECT in the treatment of schizophrenic patients, evaluate its effects in the short-term and the long-term, compare ECT treatment with pharmacotherapy, and assess the effects of treatment with ECT. Methods: A systematic review of the literature was conducted on the use of ECT for schizophrenia. Thirty one articles from peer-reviewed journals were identified, and the most relevant articles were selected for this review. Results: The most common indication for using ECT for schizophrenia patients was to augment pharmacotherapy, while the most common accompanying symptoms were, in order, catatonia, aggression and suicide. Catatonic patients responded significantly better to ECT than patients with any other subtype of schizophrenia. The combination of ECT with pharmacotherapy can be useful for drug-resistant patients. The use of an ECT-risperidone combination or ECT-clozapine combination in patients non-responsive to prior pharmacotherapy was found to be most effective. Conclusions: This review indicates that ECT, combined with pharmacotherapy, may be a viable option for a selected group of patients with schizophrenia. In particular, the use of ECT is recommended for drug-resistant patients, for schizophrenic patients with catatonia, aggression or suicidal behavior, and when rapid global improvement and reduction of acute symptomatology are required. © 2013 Elsevier B.V.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the assessment of motor cortex excitability and treatment of drug-resistant major depression.$$$ Major depression is one of the leading causes of disabling condition worldwide and its treatment is often challenging and unsatisfactory, since many patients become refractory to pharmacological therapies. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive neurophysiological investigation mainly used to study the integrity of the primary motor cortex excitability and of the cortico-spinal tract. The development of paired-pulse and repetitive TMS (rTMS) paradigms has allowed investigators to explore the pathophysiology of depressive disorders and other neuropsychiatric diseases linked to brain excitability dysfunctions. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has also therapeutic and rehabilitative capabilities since it is able to induce changes in the excitability of inhibitory and excitatory neuronal networks that may persist in time. However, the therapeutic effects of rTMS on major depression have been demonstrated by analyzing only the improvement of neuropsychological performance. The aim of this study was to investigate cortical excitability changes on 12 chronically-medicated depressed patients (test group) after rTMS treatment and to correlate neurophysiological findings to neuropsychological outcomes. In detail, we assessed different parameters of cortical excitability before and after active rTMS in the test group, then compared to those of 10 age-matched depressed patients (control group) who underwent sham rTMS. In line with previous studies, at baseline both groups exhibited a significant interhemispheric difference of motor cortex excitability. This neurophysiological imbalance was then reduced in the patients treated with active rTMS, resulting also in a clinical benefit as demonstrated by the improvement in neuropsychological test scores. On the contrary, after sham rTMS, the interhemispheric difference was still evident in the control group. The reported clinical benefits in the test group might be related to the plastic remodeling of synaptic connection induced by rTMS treatment.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the assessment of motor cortex excitability and treatment of drug-resistant major depression$$$ Major depression is one of the leading causes of disabling condition worldwide and its treatment is often challenging and unsatisfactory, since many patients become refractory to pharmacological therapies. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive neurophysiological investigation mainly used to study the integrity of the primary motor cortex excitability and of the cortico-spinal tract. The development of paired-pulse and repetitive TMS (rTMS) paradigms has allowed investigators to explore the pathophysiology of depressive disorders and other neuropsychiatric diseases linked to brain excitability dysfunctions. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has also therapeutic and rehabilitative capabilities since it is able to induce changes in the excitability of inhibitory and excitatory neuronal networks that may persist in time. However, the therapeutic effects of rTMS on major depression have been demonstrated by analyzing only the improvement of neuropsychological performance. The aim of this study was to investigate cortical excitability changes on 12 chronically-medicated depressed patients (test group) after rTMS treatment and to correlate neurophysiological findings to neuropsychological outcomes. In detail, we assessed different parameters of cortical excitability before and after active rTMS in the test group, then compared to those of 10 age-matched depressed patients (control group) who underwent sham rTMS. In line with previous studies, at baseline both groups exhibited a significant interhemispheric difference of motor cortex excitability. This neurophysiological imbalance was then reduced in the patients treated with active rTMS, resulting also in a clinical benefit as demonstrated by the improvement in neuropsychological test scores. On the contrary, after sham rTMS, the interhemispheric difference was still evident in the control group. The reported clinical benefits in the test group might be related to the plastic remodeling of synaptic connection induced by rTMS treatment.
Does levobupivacaine rectus sheath block improve postoperative analgesia after open gastric bypass surgery?$$$ There are very few data as to the best approach to postoperative analgesia after midline laparotomy for open gastric bypass surgery. Epidural analgesia remains the 'gold standard' for patients undergoing upper abdominal surgery but is technically challenging and frequently impractical in the morbidly obese. Consequently, i.v. morphine via patientcontrolled analgesia (PCA) is the mainstay of postoperative analgesia in this patient population. I.V. morphine is associated with variable analgesia, drowsiness, respiratory depression, and centrally disordered respiratory control. We have therefore performed a randomized controlled trial pilot study to examine whether rectus sheath block before wound closure improves postoperative pain scores and reduces PCA morphine consumption. We performed a prospective, randomized, double/singleblind controlled pilot study in 60 female patients undergoing open gastric bypass using standardized anaesthetic and surgical techniques. The study group Levobupivacaine (chirocaine LA, 20 patients) received local infiltration 0.5% levobupivacaine 40 ml into the rectus abdominis muscle by the surgeon before wound closure; the positive control group (placebo, C+, 20 patients) received an equivalent volume of 0.9% saline infiltration; and the negative control group (control, C+, 20 patients) no infiltration. All received a postoperative loading dose of morphine sulphate of up to 0.1 mg kg-1, morphine PCA, and an induction dose of diclofenac 100 mg. Anthropometric data, morphine usage, and visual analogue pain scores were collected at 0, 1, 4, 12, and 24 h. Visual analogue pain scores (VAS) and morphine use (Fig. 11) were lower in the LA group when compared with the combined control group at multiple (but not all) time points in the postoperative period, the differences disappearing with time. The greatest differences were seen between the LA and C+ groups, with the LA and C2 groups behaving similarly to one another. This study demonstrated an analgesic effect of rectus sheath block against a pooled positive/negative control group, but heterogeneity in the control calls into question whether this was solely due to analgesic benefit of the block or related to increased pain in those receiving saline placebo. (Figure presented).
Deep brain stimulation for severe treatment-resistant depression$$$ Introduction: Between 30-40% of patients with major depression do not improve in a first therapeutic trial and between 5 and 10% did not improve despite the use of more aggressive treatment. There are evidence of functional hyperactivity in cingulate subcallosal Cg25 area and hypoactivity of frontal lobes in depressive patients. This pattern is reversed when there is an effective response to treatment. Methods: We designed a prospective, double-blind, randomized and controlled crossover clinical trial by deep brain stimulation (DBS) of Cg25 area in patients with severe treatment-resistant depression. Eight patients suffering from major depression according to DSM IV-TR were operated on. The inclusion criteria were a Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) greater or equal at 18, older than 18, treatment resistant depression and not sustained improvement using electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). All patients were randomized to be the generator switch on or switch off at 3 months and crossover at 6 months in a double-blind condition. The electrodes were placed in the Cg 25 area bilateral. The stimulation was bipolar at 4,5V, pulse width 150-180 μs and 135 Hz of frequency. Results: The mean HDRS score down from 22 in preoperative condition to 9 at one week after surgery. The HDRS score was 11 at 3 months and 8 at 6 and 12 months. The patients with the stimulation on had a better score than those with the stimulation off. There were not complications related to surgery. Even so, one year later one patient had recurrence of depressive symptoms consummating a suicide attempt. Conclusions: The 75% of patients improved 6 months after DBS and in 50% the depression was in remission. The remission of depression one year after DBS was 70%. No patients had adverse effects related to DBS.
Prefrontal magnetic seizure therapy for treatment resistant major depression$$$ Background: Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) has been investigated in preclinical and clinical studies in major depression. Initial studies have investigated stimulation delivered to the vertex. This stimulation site is further away from important areas involved in the pathophysiology of depression. We hypothesized that high intensity MST (100Hz, 100% intensity) over the prefrontal cortices would elicit effective seizures and clinical efficacy with minimal cognitive adverse effects. Methods: Patients with a moderate to severe major depressive episode, based on the HRSD-24 item, in the context of major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder were enrolled. Treatment resistance was quantified using the ATHF. The prefrontal cortices were localized using F3 and F4 on an EEG cap using the 10-20 system. Patients received treatment twice or three times per week. Methohexital sodium and succinylcholine were used for anaesthesia and muscle relaxation. The primary efficacy endpoint was remission, defined as < 10 on the HRSD-24 and a 60% reduction from baseline at two consecutive assessments. Comprehensive cognitive and memory assessments occurred at baseline and endpoint. Results: Ten subjects were enrolled in the open label pilot study. Treatment courses ranged from 7 to 18 treatments. No missed seizures occurred in any of the subjects. Five out of the 10 subjects met criteria for remission. No significant worsening on any of the cognitive measures were observed at the endpoint of treatment. Conclusions: Prefrontal coil placement may be an effective method of achieving robust clinical efficacy while sparing cognition. These pilot results warrant comparing prefrontal MST to ECT in a randomized trial.
Acceleration of treatment response utilizing concurrent triiodothyronine with right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in patients with treatment resistant depression$$$ Background: This study evaluated triiodothyronine as an accelerating agent (i.e., faster rate to sustained clinical response) to ECT. Genetic polymorphisms in enzymes responsible for thyroid metabolism and time to sustained response in depression (5-HTTLRP), such as the original work of Cooper-Kazaz, et al (2007) were also assessed. Methods: This study was a randomized, placebo-controlled trial of concurrent triiodothyronine (T3) in patients with a unipolar or bipolar major depressive episode (n=23) clinically referred for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) at Mayo Clinic. The primary outcome was the number of ECT treatments to reach sustained response, defined as a ≥60% reduction in HAMD-24 score and a total score ≤10 for two consecutive visits. Results: There was no significant difference (p=0.069) number of ECT treatments in the T3 (5.8) and placebo (7.1) groups, respectively. Subjects who received right unilateral lead placement (RUL) and T3 required significantly fewer treatments (5.3) compared to RUL plus placebo (7.4, p=0.032). The interaction between treatment and rs11206244 genotype was significant at trend value (p = 0.059). Conclusions: Subjects receiving T3 in conjunction with RUL ECT reached a sustained response with fewer treatments. This study is limited by small sample size, heterogeneity in depression subtype and ECT lead placement. Nonetheless, the medical economics of fewer treatments to achieve clinical outcome are potentially relevant. Further work is encourage to assess genetic variation of thyroid deiodinase I enzyme as a means to further individualize this acceleration strategy not only in larger samples of patients considering ECT, plus additional treatment options for depression.
TDCS: Therapeutic applications in schizophrenia$$$ Background: Auditory verbal hallucinations (AH) in schizophrenia are associated with a hyperactivity of the left temporoparietal cortex (TPC) or with a disruption between this region and the prefrontal cortex. Methods: In a double blind sham-controlled randomized trial using a 10-session regimen of non-invasive neurostimulation technique, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), we aimed to modulate the excitability of these areas. Results: We reported a robust alleviation of AVH (-30%) and an improvement of global symptomatology in 30 patients with schizophrenia (PANSS score -20%), especially on negative, positive and depressive dimensions. Conclusions: tDCS seems to be a promising tool for the treatment of refractory symptoms of schizophrenia.
Deep transcranial magentic stimualtion for the treatment of major depression: A large multi center study$$$ Background: The treatment of Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) remains inadequate. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) yields only moderate effect, possibly due to limited stimulation depth. H-Coil deep TMS allowing deeper stimulation and has been reported to have antidepressant effect. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of H-coil deep TMS in subjects with MDD, in a prospective, double blind, randomized, controlled, multi-center trial. Methods: The study was a prospective, double blind, randomized, controlled, multi-center trial in outpatients recruited in both academic and private research centers. The study was conducted at 20 study sites in the United States (13 sites), Israel (4 sites), Germany (2 sites) and Canada (1 site), with active enrollment from October 2009 through January 2012. Results: A total number of 233 subjects were enrolled in the study. 111 subjects were randomized to receive active treatment and 122 to receive sham treatment. The primary efficacy end-point was the change from baseline in HDRS-21 scores to the 5 week visit. In both study group there was a statistically significant reduction in HDRS-21 scores , the estimated slope in the H-Coil deep TMS group was -6.39 points across 5 weeks versus only -3.28 in the sham group, the difference between the slopes of 3.11 points across 5 weeks was found statistically significant p=0.0080. The effect size obtained is 0.76. Conclusions: The safety and effectiveness of the Deep TMS System for MDD was demonstrated in a randomized, controlled study.
Concomitant anticonvulsants with electoconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled trial with clinical, cognitive and neurobiological implications$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for major affective disorders and has been used for many decades.The combined use of ECT and anticonvulsants for prophylaxis has been a clinical scenario with paucity of literature apart from some open trials and a retrospective chart review. Methods: We conducted a randomized controlled trial - with three limbs wherein the doses of the medications were stopped/halved or continued at full doses. We could ensure that 75% of the sample (i.e. 36 patients) out of 48 patients were given the randomized doses of medications.A blind rater assessed the patients using psychopathology scales - YMRS, HDRS, CGI and cognitive assessment scale. ECT was administered using standard equipment. EEG recording was done at every session and analyzed by a blind rater. Results: All three groups were similar in baseline and ECT variables ensuring adequacy of randomization.Some suggestion towards faster improvement in the group taking full doses of the anticonvulsants was found using RMANOVA. EEG analysis showed an inverse correlation between post ictal fractal dimension and CGI scores. Conclusions: The study shows that administering both ECT and anticonvulsants together does not hinder clinical improvement. The differences in seizure threshold leaves room for a greater understanding of mechanism of interaction between anticonvulsants and ECT. However the study does bridge an important gap in current guidelines for scenarios involving ECT and anticonvulsants. (Table Presented).
Cognition-engineered enhancement of anterior cingulate function in boosting antidepressant efficacy: A randomized controlled pilot study$$$ Background: Higher rostral anterior cingulate activity (rACC) is evidenced to predict antidepressant responses in major depression(MDD). Resting-state EEG frontal-theta oscillation (fθ) is coupled with the rACC activity. Therefore, we set out a randomized sham-controlled study to compare antidepressant effects between MDD groups with and without pre-treatment frontal theta modulations. Methods: Thirty-six medication-free MDD patients were randomized into three groups (n =12 for each group A, B and C). A cognitive exhausting program (CE) was exercised continuously for 10 minutes. Baseline and post-CE resting-state EEG were analyzed with frontalθ (normalized to total power from all frontal bands) as our main interest. Group A: a 10-minute CE was exercised before left prefrontal 10-Hz rTMS treatment x 10 days. Group B: CE (sham) + rTMS (acitive) x 10days. Group C: CE (active) + rTMS (sham) x 10days. 18F-FDG PET was done at baseline and the end of 2-week rTMS treatment. Results: More patients in group A (7/12, 58.3%) versus group B (5/12, 41.7%), but only one in group C (1/12, 8.3%), were responders (i.e., >50% improvement in depression rating scores). The responders in both group A and B demonstrated a significant increase in baseline frontalθ after CE. The CE-engineered increases in frontalθ correlated well with pretreatment rACC activity. Area under the ROC curve for post-CE frontalθ was 0.799. Conclusions: Higher post-CE frontal theta, reflected baseline rACC activity, predicted rTMS antidperessant responses. Our study also disclosed a potential to manipulate pre-treatment brain to augment antidepressant responses.
A randomized, blinded, sham, controlled crossover pilot study of transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar depression$$$ Background: Few studies have examined repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as treatment for bipolar disorder, depressed phase (BDDP). None have compared left prefrontal cortex (LPC) with right prefrontal cortex (RPC) rTMS using crossover (CO) methodology. Methods: 25 subjects with BDDP received true or sham 10 Hz rTMS to the LPC or RPC for 2 weeks in Phase one. Subjects who failed to respond (< 50% improvement in Hamilton score) received 2 additional weeks of the same treatment over the opposite hemisphere in Phase two. Results: Phase one response was seen in 1 of 9 [11%] treated with true RPC rTMS, 3 of 9 [33%] treated with true LPC rTMS and 1 of 7 [14%] treated with sham rTMS. Only 1 of 14 who entered Phase two responded. Further improvement after CO was seen in 5 of 10 subjects (50%) in the true rTMS group but in only 1 of 4 subjects (25%) in the sham group. With true rTMS improvement was noted in 4 of 7 [57.1%] who CO from RPC to LPC and in 1 of 3 (33%) who CO from LPC to RPC. Conclusions: None of these differences were statistically significant, likely due to small sample size or the short course of rTMS used. Nonetheless LPC high frequency rTMS appears to be effective in a larger proportion of subjects with BDDP compared with the RPC. CO from one hemisphere to the other may lead to further improvement in some subjects. These preliminary observations require study in a larger number of subjects.
Safety and therapeutic efficacy of continuous theta-burst magnetic stimulation (CTBS) in major depression: A double-blind sham-controlled study$$$ Background: In a previous open study we demonstrated safety, tolerability and antidepressant properties of continuous theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (cTBS) in patients with major depression (MD). The aim of this study was to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of cTBS using a double-blind shamcontrolled design. Methods: Twenty- nine patients with MD were recruited for the study. Initially, patients were randomized to receive either active cTBS to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (n=15) or sham cTBS (n=14) for 10 consecutive work days. After the 10th session, sham treated subjects were crossed over to active cTBS treatment which consisted of 10 daily sessions. Patients receiving active cTBS continued the same treatment protocol for another 10 sessions. Each treatment session consisted of 3600 stimuli delivered in four consecutive trains of 900 stimuli each, separated by a 15 minute interval, at an intensity of 100% of the active motor threshold. Severity of depression was assessed weekly by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale HDRS). Results: Overall, there was no significant difference in the degree of clinical improvement between active and sham TBS groups. However, in patients whose medication status was not changed (n=8) and those who were medication free (n=3), active cTBS resulted in a significantly greater reduction of HDRS, compared to sham cTBS. Conclusions: This study failed to demonstrate overall superiority of cTBS over sham treatment. However, cTBS might be beneficial in MD patients who are nonresponsive to ongoing pharmacological treatment.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for bipolar depression$$$ Background: Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) has approved efficacy in treating major depressive disorder. However, few studies have been focusing on rTMS treatment of bipolar depression (BD). This presentation will review the published studies and report the results of an unpublished study on use of conventional figure-8 coil and a study using novel H1-coil that can stimulate deeper and wider range of brain structure. Methods: Study A is an open labeled study (N=15) on treatment resistant BD (DSM-IV standard) with the mood-stabilizing medication on and antidepressant discontinued. In this study, 20Hz, 100%MT rTMS with 3sec-on, 27sec-off, total 2400 stimuli are applied at left dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) for 15 sessions in 3weeks. Study B is a pilot study (N=19) using H1-coil and similar protocol (20 Hz 2s on, 20s off, totaling 1680 stimuli at LDLPFC, 20-sessions/4-week). Both studies use Hamilton Depression Scale (HDRS) for outcome measures. Results: Both study A and B found significant post-rTMS decreases of mean HDRS scores (P<0.001 two-tail T-test). Response rates were 60% and 63.2%, Remission rates 47% and 52.6% correspondently. Treatment was well tolerated in terms of headache and overall discomfort. There were no significant change in cognitive functioning and no treatment emerged mania. One case of nonecomplicated seizure occurred in Study B. Conclusions: 20Hz rTMS via both conventional figure-8 coil and H-coil significantly improves bipolar depression in acute treatment. Both treatment protocols yield benign safety profile in acute treatment phase. Further studies via randomized controlled trials are warranted to confirm the efficacies.
Seizure duration decreases over a course of bifrontal and not bitemporal ECT$$$ Background: Mechanism of action of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is unclear. Anticonvulsant action of ECT has also been one among the hypothesized mechanisms. Anticonvulsant effect may manifest during ECT in at least two ways a) increased seizure threshold b) decrease in seizure duration. In depression, increased seizure threshold has been shown to be associated with better antidepressant response. However, relationship between seizure duration and antidepressant activity has been inconsistent. These issues are not investigated in conditions other than depression. We examined this case in schizophrenia patients referred for ECT. Methods: Material for this analysis was obtained from a clinical trial examining the differential efficacy of bifrontal versus bitemporal ECT in schizophrenia patients. As a part of study 122 schizophrenia patients who were prescribed ECT were randomized to receive either bifrontal (BFECT) or bitemporal ECT (BTECT). Final analysis was conducted on the data from 70 patients, as rest of the data either had artifact or there was significant change in medication status. EEG seizure duration was noted in each session for these patients. Results: Seizure duration declined significantly from second ECT to 6th ECT [RMANOVA F=4.255; p=0.006]. When separate analysis was conducted for BTECT and BFECT patients the decline in seizure duration from 2nd to 6th ECT was significant only with BFECT [F=3.94; p=0.014] and not with BTECT [F =0.966; p=0.424]. Conclusions: Better anticonvulsant effects with BFECT may explain the better therapeutic observed with BFECT in schizophrenia as well as mania in our earlier studies.
Acute effects on autobiographical and subjective memory with right unilateral high-dose 0.3 ms ultra-brief and 1 ms brief pulse ECT: A double-blind randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Shortening the pulse width to 0.3 ms holds neurophysiological and clinical promise of making electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) safer by reducing cognitive side effects. The exclusive effects of pulse width on autobiographical and subjective memory are largely unstudied. Objectives: To principally investigate during the acute ECT course and at 3 months post-ECT, autobiographical and subjective memory effects of 0.3 ms ultra-brief and 1 ms brief pulse ECT. Methods: Patients with severe depression were randomised to 1 ms-brief pulse (n = 18) or 0.3 ms ultra-brief pulse (n = 17) right unilateral ECT, both at six times threshold stimulus dose given thrice weekly. Kopelman's Autobiographical Memory and Squire's Subjective Memory Questionnaire were administered at baseline, after eight sessions, at the end of the acute course and 3 months later. Findings: At the end of the acute course, ultra-brief pulse ECT produced significantly less decreases in semantic memory from early adulthood: F(2,32) = 3.38, p = 0.04. Also, there was a similar trend with recent semantic memory: F(2,32) = 3.06, p = 0.06. There was no significant main effect of pulse width on the subjective memory: F(2,31) = 1.24, p = 0.3. At 3 months, autobiographical memory was comparable to baseline. Subjective memory was significantly better compared with baseline (t = -3.75, df = 26, p = 0.001). Conclusion: Immediately after an acute ECT course, 0.3 ms ultra-brief compared with 1 ms brief pulse high-dose right unilateral ECT relatively spared recent and early adult semantic memory. There was no differential effect of pulse width on subjective memory at the end of the acute course and at 3 months post-ECT.
Supplementary motor area stimulation for Parkinson disease: A randomized controlled study$$$ Objective: To explore the efficacy and stimulation frequency dependence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the supplementary motor area (SMA) in Parkinson disease (PD). Methods: In this randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, multicenter study with a parallel design, a weekly intervention was performed 8 times. The effects were monitored up to 20 weeks. By central registration, participants were assigned to 1 of 3 arms of the study: low-frequency (1-Hz) rTMS, highfrequency (10-Hz) rTMS, and realistic sham stimulation. The primary end point was the score change of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS) part III from the baseline. Several nonmotor symptom scales such as the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, apathy score, and nonmotor symptoms questionnaire were defined as secondary end points. Results: Of the 106 patients enrolled, 36 were allocated to 1-Hz rTMS, 34 to 10-Hz rTMS, and 36 to realistic sham stimulation. Results show 6.84-point improvement of the UPDRS part III in the 1-Hz group at the last visit of the 20th week. Sham stimulation and 10-Hz rTMS improved motor symptoms transiently, but their effects disappeared in the observation period. Changes in nonmotor symptoms were not clear in any group. No severe adverse event was reported. Conclusions: The 1-Hz rTMS over the SMA was effective for motor, but not nonmotor, symptoms in PD. Level of evidence: This study provides Class I evidence that 1-Hz rTMS over the SMA is effective for motor symptoms in PD. © 2013 American Academy of Neurology.
Safety of the electroconvulsive therapy and amisulpride combination$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy is frequently considered when pharmacotherapy is ineffective. In such cases the combination of the two treatment modalities are commonly used. Amisulpiride, a second generation antipsychotic drug is used in the treatment of schizophrenia and psychotic depression. When amisulpiride is ineffective as a monotherapy, combination with ECT could be an option to enhance its efficacy. To the best of our knowledge, to date there have been no data about the safety of this combination. Subjects and methods: Medical notes of all patients who were given ECT while on amisulpiride were selected from the archives of the Department of Psychiatry, Semmelweis University Medical School, Budapest, covering a 10-year period. A randomly selected matched control group was formed from patients who underwent ECT but were not taking amisulpiride. Patients in both groups also received a variety of psychotropic drugs other than amisulpide. Side effects were compared between the two groups of patients. Results: Twenty patients received amisulpride with ECT. The most common side effects were headache, hypertension, tachycardia, nausea, dizziness, confusion, psychomotor agitation, sialorrhea, and prolonged seizure activity. All adverse effects resolved within 24 hours. No side effects of any kind were observed in 7 and 8 cases in the study and control groups, respectively. Conclusions: This was the first study that examined the safety of amisulpride-ECT combination in schizophrenia. Comparing the side-effects between the study and control groups, no significant differences were detected in terms of their types or frequency. The amisulpiride-ECT combination appears to be a safe treatment option. © Medicinska naklada - Zagreb, Croatia. © Medicinska naklada - Zagreb, Croatia.
TMS in therapy of depressions - The problem of determining the area to be stimulated, i.e., a few words about the anatomy of depressive disorders$$$ Since 1992 transcranial magnetic stimulation TMS is studied on its antidepressant efficacy. Clinical investigations show, that active stimulation is indeed more effective than placebo; the antidepressant effect itself is however weak. Except the technical parameters of stimulations - the selection of the appropriate stimulation place seems to be the main factor influencing the effectiveness of TMS stimulation in the therapy of the depression. The left dorsolateral prefrontal area is the most often chosen goal of TMS stimulation. It is however one from many places, in which the metabolic dysfunction can be identified in patients with depression. The stimulation "at haphazard" of this area seems to be the main cause of the weak results of hitherto published clinical investigations. The author presents the proposal of the improvement of the effectiveness of TMS stimulation in depression. Marking the place of the metabolic dysfunction - with the help of functional neuroimaging techniques - is the most important element of this algorithm. The necessity of using additional techniques makes however the TMS method difficult in applying, little friendly and expensive.
The world federation of societies of biological psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for the biological treatment of bipolar disorders: Update 2012 on the long-term treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Objectives. These guidelines are based on a first edition that was published in 2004, and have been edited and updated with the available scientific evidence up to October 2012. Their purpose is to supply a systematic overview of all scientific evidence pertaining to the long-term treatment of bipolar disorder in adults. Methods. Material used for these guidelines are based on a systematic literature search using various data bases. Their scientific rigor was categorised into six levels of evidence (A-F) and different grades of recommendation to ensure practicability were assigned. Results. Maintenance trial designs are complex and changed fundamentally over time; thus, it is not possible to give an overall recommendation for long-term treatment. Different scenarios have to be examined separately: Prevention of mania, depression, or an episode of any polarity, both in acute responders and in patients treated de novo. Treatment might differ in Bipolar II patients or Rapid cyclers, as well as in special subpopulations. We identified several medications preventive against new manic episodes, whereas the current state of research into the prevention of new depressive episodes is less satisfactory. Lithium continues to be the substance with the broadest base of evidence across treatment scenarios. Conclusions. Although major advances have been made since the first edition of this guideline in 2004, there are still areas of uncertainty, especially the prevention of depressive episodes and optimal long-term treatment of Bipolar II patients. Copyright © 2013 Informa Healthcare.
Randomized clinical trial of the effect of supplemental opioids in procedural sedation with propofol on serum catecholamines$$$ Objectives The objective was to assess the effect on stress biomarkers of supplemental opioid to a standard propofol dosing protocol for emergency department (ED) procedural sedation (PS). The hypothesis was that there is no difference in the change in serum catecholamines between PS using propofol with or without supplemental alfentanil. Methods This was a randomized, nonblinded pilot study of adult patients undergoing PS in the ED for the reduction of fractures and dislocations. Patients with pain before the procedure were treated with intravenous (IV) morphine sulfate until their pain was adequately treated for at least 20 minutes before starting the procedure. Patients were randomized to receive either 10 μg/kg alfentanil followed by 1 mg/kg propofol, followed by 0.5 mg/kg every 3 minutes as needed, or propofol only, dosed in similar fashion without supplemental alfentanil. Doses, vital signs, nasal end-tidal CO2 (ETCO2), pulse oximetry, and bispectral electroencephalogram (EEG) analysis scores were recorded. Subclinical respiratory depression was defined as a change in ETCO2 > 10 mm Hg, an oxygen saturation of < 92% at any time, or an absent ETCO2 waveform at any time. Clinical events related to respiratory depression were noted during the procedure, including the addition of or increase in the flow rate of supplemental oxygen, the use of a bag-valve-mask apparatus, airway repositioning, or stimulation to induce breathing. Blood was drawn 1 minute prior to the administration of the medications for PS and again 1 minute after completion of the procedure for which the patient was sedated. Serum was tested for total catecholamines, epinephrine, norepinephrine, and dopamine. Postprocedure, patients were asked to report any pain perceived during the procedure. Data were analyzed using descriptive statistics, Wilcoxon rank sum tests, and chi-square tests, as appropriate. Results Twenty patients were enrolled; 10 received propofol and 10 received propofol with alfentanil. No clinically significant complications were noted. Subclinical respiratory depression was seen in four of 10 (40%) patients in the propofol group and five of 10 (50%) patients in the propofol/alfentanil group (effect size = -10%, 95% confidence interval [CI] = -53% to 33%). There was no difference in the rate of clinical signs of respiratory depression between the two groups. Pain during the procedure was reported by two of 10 (20%) patients in the propofol group and five of 10 (50%) patients in the propofol/alfentanil group (effect size = -30%, 95% CI = -70% to 10%). Recall of some part of the procedure was reported by 0 of 10 (0%) patients in the propofol group and five of 10 (50%) of patients in the propofol/alfentanil group (effect size = -50%, 95% CI = -81% to -19%). There was no difference in the baseline or postprocedure catecholamine levels between the groups. Conclusions No difference in serum catecholamines was detected immediately after PS between patients who receive propofol with and without supplemental opioid in this small pilot study. PS using propofol only without supplemental opioid did not appear to induce markers of physiologic stress in this small pilot study. © 2013 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.
Randomized trial demonstrates that extended-release epidural morphine may provide safe pain control for lumbar surgery patients$$$ Background: Safe and effective postoperative pain control remains an issue in complex spine surgery. Spinal narcotics have been used for decades but have not become commonplace because of safety or re-dosing concerns. An extended release epidural morphine (EREM) preparation has been used successfully in obstetric, abdominal, thoracic, and extremity surgery done with epidural anesthesia. This has not been studied in open spinal surgery. Methods: Ninety-eight patients having complex posterior lumbar surgery were enrolled in a partially randomized clinical trial (PRCT) of low to moderate doses of EREM. Surgery included levels from L3 to S1 with procedures involving combinations of decompression, instrumented arthrodesis, and interbody grafting. The patients were randomized to receive either 10 or 15 mg of EREM through an epidural catheter placed under direct vision at the conclusion of surgery. Multiple safety measures were employed to prevent or detect respiratory depression. Postoperative pain scores, narcotic utilization, and adverse events were recorded. Results: There were no significant differences between the two groups as to supplemental narcotic requirements, pain scores, or adverse events. There were no cases of respiratory depression. The epidural narcotic effect persisted from 3 to 36 hours after the injection. Conclusion: By utilizing appropriate safety measures, EREM can be used safely for postoperative pain control in lumbar surgery patients. As there was no apparent advantage to the use of 15 mg, the lower 10 mg dose should be used. © 2013 Offley SC.
Amelioration of cognitive control in depression by transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ Background: Deficient cognitive control over emotional distraction is a central characteristic of major depressive disorder (MDD). Hypoactivation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (dlPFC) has been linked with this deficit. In this study, we aimed to enhance the activity of the dlPFC in MDD patients by anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and thus ameliorate cognitive control. Methods: In a double-blinded, balanced, randomized, sham-controlled crossover trial, we determined the effect of a single-session tDCS to the left dlPFC on the cognitive control in 22 MDD patients and 22 healthy control subjects. To assess the cognitive control, we used a delayed response working memory task with pictures of varying content (emotional vs. neutral) presented during the delay period. Results: Emotional pictures presented during the delay period impaired accuracy and response time of patients with MDD, indicating an attentional bias for emotional stimuli. Anodal tDCS to the dlPFC was associated with an enhanced working memory performance both in patients and control subjects. Specifically in subjects with MDD, the attentional bias was completely abolished by anodal tDCS. Conclusions: The present study demonstrates that anodal tDCS applied to the left dlPFC improves deficient cognitive control in MDD. Based on these data, tDCS might be suitable to support the effects of behavioral training to enhance cognitive control in MDD. © 2013 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Acoustic evaluation of short-term effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on motor aspects of speech in Parkinson's disease$$$ Hypokinetic dysarthria in Parkinson's disease (PD) can be characterized by monotony of pitch and loudness, reduced stress, variable rate, imprecise consonants, and a breathy and harsh voice. Using acoustic analysis, we studied the effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over the primary orofacial sensorimotor area (SM1) and the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on motor aspects of voiced speech in PD. Twelve non-depressed and non-demented men with PD (mean age 64.58 ± 8.04 years, mean PD duration 10.75 ± 7.48 years) and 21 healthy age-matched men (a control group, mean age 64 ± 8.55 years) participated in the speech study. The PD patients underwent two sessions of 10 Hz rTMS over the dominant hemisphere with 2,250 stimuli/day in a random order: (1) over the SM1; (2) over the left DLPFC in the "on" motor state. Speech examination comprised the perceptual rating of global speech performance and an acoustic analysis based upon a standardized speech task. The Mann-Whitney U test was used to compare acoustic speech variables between controls and PD patients. The Wilcoxon test was used to compare data prior to and after each stimulation in the PD group. rTMS applied over the left SM1 was associated with a significant increase in harmonic-to-noise ratio and net speech rate in the sentence tasks. With respect to the vowel task results, increased median values and range of Teager-Kaiser energy operator, increased vowel space area, and significant jitter decrease were observed after the left SM1 stimulation. rTMS over the left DLPFC did not induce any significant effects. The positive results of acoustic analysis were not reflected in a subjective rating of speech performance quality as assessed by a speech therapist. Our pilot results indicate that one session of rTMS applied over the SM1 may lead to measurable improvement in voice quality and intensity and an increase in speech rate and tongue movements. Nevertheless, these changes were not accompanied by changes in a perceptual evaluation of speech performance by a speech therapist. Future placebo-controlled studies in larger patient cohorts should verify if rTMS would be clinically useful for treating hypokinetic dysarthria in PD. © 2012 Springer-Verlag Wien.
Treatment of depression in cardiovascular disease$$$ Background and Objectives Depression in patients with Cardiovascular Disease (CVD) is extremely common, with a prevalence of 17-47%, and is associated with increased risk of morbidity and mortality. Treatment of depression has been hypothesized to reduce cardiac mortality. Pharmacologic and psychotherapeutic interventions have been studied and appear to be safe and in some studies effective in reducing depressive symptoms in patients with cardiac disease. The impact on cardiac outcomes remains unclear. This review briefly focuses on the prevalence of depression in patients with CVD, the physiological links between depression and CVD, and largely is concerned with the clinical trials that seek to demonstrate efficacy and safety of antidepressant medications and psychotherapy in this patient population. Methods PubMed and PsycINFO databases were searched through July 2012. Publications were included if they were in English, a review article, or a clinical trial in the CVD population with comorbid depression. The search was completed with key words of antidepressants, CVD, coronary artery syndrome, SSRIs, depression, treatment of depression, post-MI (where MI is myocardial infarction), major depression, and cardiac disease. Trials were included if the patients were above the age of 18, both male and female genders, and had cardiac comorbidity. No trials were excluded. Results A total of 61 articles and/or book chapters were included. The majority were from North America and Europe. There were 7 clinical trials of tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), one of TCAs and bupropion, and 10 trials of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). We also evaluated five trials involving psychotherapeutic techniques and/or collaborative care. Conclusions There is considerable evidence from randomized controlled clinical trials that antidepressants, especially SSRIs, are safe in the treatment of major depression in patients with CVD. Although efficacy has been demonstrated in some, but not all, trials for both antidepressants and certain psychotherapies, large, well-powered trials are urgently needed. There are virtually no data available on predictors of antidepressant response in depressed patients with CVD. Whether successful treatment of depression is associated with a reduction in cardiac morbidity and mortality remains unknown. © 2013 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Paraneoplastic neurological syndromes: General treatment overview$$$ Opinion statement: Major recent discoveries have bringing out a revised definition of paraneoplastic neurological syndromes (PNS), bringing out the concept of antibody-mediated neurological disorders, triggered or not by cancer. Classification of these diseases is not based anymore on the clinical pattern or an underlying tumor, but on the location of the targeted antigens. Indeed, evolution, response to treatment, and pathophysiology are radically different according to the associated antibodies. In some patients with newly described antibodies targeting cell-surface antigens, humoral immunity seems to play a direct role and a dramatic improvement is observed with immunomodulator treatments. In these patients, an associated tumor is less frequent. Conversely, patients with antibodies directed against intracellular targets are, in most cases, characterized by a high degree of irreversible neuronal death mediated by cytotoxic T-cells and do not improve after immunomodulator treatments. In these patients, an associated tumor is highly frequent and must be cured as soon as possible. A third group of patients can be identified with anti-GAD65 and anti-Amphiphysin antibodies. In patients with these antibodies, the efficiency of immunomodulator treatments is less clear as well as the type of immune response that could be a mix between humoral and cellular. In this last group, the antigen is intracellular, but patients may improve with immunomodulator treatments and associated tumors are rare. Thus, identification of associated antibodies should be prompt and the treatment guided according the identified antibody. Mainstream of treatment include the quest of a tumor and its cure. Immunotherapy must be promptly initiated, targeting humoral, or cellular immune response, or both, according to the associated antibodies. Furthermore, in some situations such as Lambert-Eaton Myasthenic Syndromes and Stiff-Person Syndromes, symptomatic drugs can be useful to control the symptoms. © 2013 Springer Science+Business Media New York.
Study of effect of slow frequency repeated transcranial magnetic field on modulation of pain in fibromyalgia patients$$$ Fibromyalgia is a chronic pain syndrome characterized by diffuse musculoskeletal pain, fatigue, disturbed sleep, distress and tenderness at 11 to 18 specific locations. The etiology is largely unknown but central pain processing system and neuro-hormonal axis are found to be abnormal in fibromyalgia patients. There is a lack of appropriate management of pain and associated emotional component except symptomatic relief. This experiment was conducted to assess the efficacy of low frequency repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) (0.5 Hz, 90% of resting motor threshold) in fibromyalgia patients. One hundred eighteen patients were randomly assigned to receive 20 sessions of sham or real repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (RDLPFC). Pre and post rTMS at wk 0, 4 and 6, pain was assessed objectively by nociceptive flexion reflex (RIII reflex) from left biceps femoris muscle; the emotional component of pain by Beck Depression Inventory second edition (BDI-II) and strategies for coping with pain by Coping Strategy Questionnaire (CSQ), while pain modulation by diffuse noxious inhibitory control (DNIC). Post-TMS (wk6), RIII threshold increased (p<0.01) in real rTMS groups from 27.465.5V to 36.765.87V indicating analgesic effect of rTMS, while it did not (p<0.62) change (28.666.04V to 29.165.5V) in sham group. The latency of RIII also increased (p<0.045) from 108.29634.34ms to 123.56628.41ms, post-TMS but not post-sham (112.37628.65 to 109.78630.21, p<0.84), while BDI-II score (12.4663.21) at wk 0 which reduced (p<0.03) post-TMS to 7.4561.87. The study showed that rTMS relieved pain, associated anxiety and depression suggesting it as a valuable and safe new therapeutic option for FM patients.
Effect of low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex area in fibromyalgia patients$$$ Objective: To investigate the effectiveness of low-frequency (LF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on the motor cortex area in fibromyalgia patients who are resistant to medical treatment. Materials-Methods: A total of 25 patients were randomly assigned to the study and divided into the active rTMS (n=13) or sham stimulation (n=12) groups. For rTMS group the main stimulation parameters were 90% of motor threshold for 60 seconds at 1-Hz and a 45-seconds interval between each train. Ten sessions of low-frequency rTMS which had a total of 1.,200 pulses at each session were applied daily to left primary motor cortex area, over a period of two weeks. For the sham group, the same parabolic coil was placed at an angle of 90 ° to the motor cortex area and the patients received 10 sessions of sham stimulation. The outcome parameters were pain intensity which was measured by visual analogue scale (VAS), Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: A significant improvement in pain intensity, FIQ and BDI scores at the 10th day, the first and the third months was detected in both groups. Although the means of the parameters of rTMS groups were better than the sham group; the difference did not reach to a statistical significance except the FIQ scores at 10th day in the real rTMS group. Conclusion: In long term follow up, patients with Fibromyalgia who were enrolled to the real TMS group did not present significant differences with respect to those who were enrolled to the sham TMS group.
Superior antidepressant effect occurring 1 month after rTMS: Add-on rTMS for subjects with medication-resistant depression$$$ Depression is a major psychiatric disorder. The standard treatment for depression is antidepressant medication, but the responses to antidepressant treatment are only partial, even poor, among 30%-45% of patients. Refractory depression is defined as depression that does not respond to antidepressant therapy after 4 weeks of use. There is evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may exert effects in treating psychiatric disorder through moderating focal neuronal functions. High-frequency rTMS on the left prefrontal area and low-frequency rTMS on the right prefrontal area were shown to be effective in alleviating depressive symptoms. Given the statistically significant antidepressant effectiveness noted, the clinical application of rTMS as a depression treatment warrants further studies. Application of rTMS as an add-on therapy would be a practical research model. High-frequency (5-20 Hz) rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex was found to have a significant effect on medication-resistant depression. In the present study, we not only measured the acute antidepressant effect of rTMS during treatment and immediately after its completion but also evaluated participants 1 month after completion of the treatment protocol. Study participants were divided into two groups: an active rTMS group (n = 10) and a sham group (n = 10). The active rTMS group was defined as participants who received the rTMS protocol, and the sham group was defined as participants who received a sham rTMS procedure. A significant Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score reduction was observed in both groups after the fifth and tenth treatments. However, those in the active rTMS group maintained their improvement as measured one month after completion of the rTMS protocol. Participants who received active rTMS were more likely to have persistent improvement in depression scores than participants who received sham rTMS. © 2013 Chen et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Acute working memory improvement after tDCS in antidepressant-free patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Based on previous studies showing that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a non-invasive brain stimulation technique that employs weak, direct currents to induce cortical-excitability changes, might be useful for working memory (WM) enhancement in healthy subjects and also in treating depressive symptoms, our aim was to evaluate whether tDCS could acutely enhance WM in depressed patients. Twenty-eight age- and gender-matched, antidepressant-free depressed subjects received a single-session of active/sham tDCS in a randomized, double-blind, parallel design. The anode was positioned over the left and the cathode over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The n-back task was used for assessing WM and it was performed immediately before and 15. min after tDCS onset. We found that active vs. sham tDCS led to an increase in the rate of correct responses. We also used signal detection theory analyses to show that active tDCS increased both discriminability, i.e., the ability to discriminate signal (correct responses) from noise (false alarms), and response criterion, indicating a lower threshold to yield responses. All effect sizes were large. In other words, one session of tDCS acutely enhanced WM in depressed subjects, suggesting that tDCS can improve "cold" (non affective-loaded) working memory processes in MDD. Based on these findings, we discuss the effects of tDCS on WM enhancement in depression. We also suggest that the n-back task could be used as a biomarker in future tDCS studies investigating prefrontal activity in healthy and depressed samples. © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Psychiatric care in parkinson's disease$$$ Objective. Parkinson's disease (PD) is a degenerative and disabling disease in which medical providers focus mainly on ameliorating problems in day-to-day functioning. This review summarizes current knowledge about the efficacy and tolerability of psychopharmacological agents in the treatment of depression, anxiety, psychosis, and insomnia in patients with PD. Recommended or promising nonpharmacological interventions are also reviewed. Method. Studies were identified using computerized searches, with further references obtained from the bibliographies of the reviewed articles. Result. Findings in the research literature provide growing evidence concerning the antidepressant treatment of patients with PD. Psycho edu cational interventions for managing depression and anxiety symptoms also appear promising. Music therapy has proven to be particularly effective for patients with PD. Psychosis is common in patients with PD. When psychosis is induced by antiparkinson drugs, a dose reduction can be considered, but it is seldom successful. Patients with PD do not generally tolerate conventional antipsychotic medications, justifying evaluation of newer atypical agents in this population. Cholinesterase inhibitors have also become increasingly important in the treatment of PD in recent years. Finally, insomnia is a very frequent complaint in patients with PD and may also contribute to the development of depression. Patients should be encouraged to improve sleep hygiene and use behavioral interventions. Definitive trials of treatments for sleep disorders in this population are also warranted. Conclusion. Therapeutic approaches to the treatment of PD and its associated psychiatric symptoms must be individualized and may involve a combination of antiparkinson drugs, psychopharmacological treatment, and/or psychotherapeutic interventions. Copyright © 2013, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Double-blind randomized controlled study showing symptomatic and cognitive superiority of bifrontal over bitemporal electrode placement during electroconvulsive therapy for schizophrenia$$$ Background: Several studies show that bifrontal electrode placement produces relatively fewer cognitive adverse effects than bitemporal placement during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depression. There are no reports comparing these electrode placements in schizophrenia. Objectives: This study compared the clinical and cognitive effects of bifrontal and bitemporal electrode placements in schizophrenia patients referred for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: 122 schizophrenia patients who were prescribed ECT were randomized to receive ECT with either bifrontal (BFECT; n = 62) or bitemporal (BTECT; n = 60) placement. Their concomitant anti-psychotic medications and the number of ECT sessions were not controlled. Psychopathology was assessed using the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), Bush-Francis Catatonia Rating Scale (BFCRS), and the Nurse Observation Scale for Inpatient Evaluation (NOSIE). Cognitive functions were assessed 24-h after the final ECT using a battery of tests. Clinical improvement was compared using chi-square test, repeated measures ANOVA and analysis of covariance (ANCOVA). Cognitive adverse effects were compared using t-test. Results: At the end of 2 weeks (after 6 ECT sessions) 63% and 13.2% of BFECT and BTECT patients respectively had met the response criterion for BPRS (40% reduction in total score; OR = 20.8; 95% CI = 3.61-34.33). BFECT patients showed significantly faster clinical response on BPRS (Time × Group interaction effect: P = 0.001), BFCRS (P < 0.001) and the NOSIE total assets score (P = 0.003). ANCOVA using baseline scores as covariates and treatment-resistance status as between-subject factor showed that BFECT patients had significantly greater improvement in all measures. BFECT patients had significantly higher PGI-memory-scale total score than BTECT patients (t = 5.16; P < 0.001). They also showed superior performance in other cognitive measures. Conclusions: BFECT results in superior clinical and cognitive outcomes than BTECT in schizophrenia patients referred for ECT. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Electroconvulsive therapy, the placebo effect and informed consent$$$ Major depressive disorder is not only the most widespread mental disorder in the world, it is a disorder on the rise. In cases of particularly severe forms of depression, when all other treatment options have failed, the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a recommended treatment option for patients. ECT has been in use in psychiatric practice for over 70 years and is now undergoing something of a restricted renaissance following a sharp decline in its use in the 1970s. Despite its success in treating severe depression there is continued debate as to the effectiveness of ECT: in some studies, it is argued that ECT is marginally more effective than sham ECT. In addition, there is still no clear explanation of how ECT works; among the range of hypotheses proposed it is claimed that ECT may work by harnessing placebo effects. In light of the uncertainties over the mechanism of action of ECT and given the risk of serious side effects that ECT may produce, I contend that the process of informed consent must include comprehensive accounts of these uncertainties. I examine the possible consequences of providing adequate information to potential ECT patients, including the consideration that ECT may still prove to be effective even if physicians are open about the possibility of it working as a placebo. I conclude that if we value patient autonomy as well as the professional reputation of medical practitioners, a fuller description of ECT must be provided to patients and their carers.
Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) from the patient's perspective$$$ This is a response to Dr Charlotte Rosalind Blease's paper 'Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT), the Placebo Effect and Informed Consent', written by Julie K. Hersh who has had ECT. Hersh argues that placebo effect is impossible to prove without endangering the lives of participants in the study. In addition, informing potential ECT patients of unproven placebo effect could discourage patients from using a procedure that from experience has proven highly effective.
Clinically meaningful efficacy and acceptability of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating primary major depression: A meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials$$$ Clinical trials on low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (LF-rTMS) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex have yielded conflicting evidence concerning its overall efficacy for treating major depression (MD). As this may have been the result of limited statistical power of individual trials, we have carried the present systematic review and meta-analysis to examine this issue. We searched the literature for English language randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) on LF-rTMS for treating MD from 1995 through July 2012 using EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, SCOPUS, and ProQuest Dissertations & Theses, and from October 2008 until July 2012 using MEDLINE. The main outcome measures were response and remission rates as well as overall dropout rates at study end. We used a random-effects model, odds ratios (ORs) and number needed to treat (NNT). Data were obtained from eight RCTs, totaling 263 subjects with MD. After an average of 12.6±3.9 rTMS sessions, 38.2% (50/131) and 15.1% (20/132) of subjects receiving active LF-rTMS and sham rTMS were classified as responders (OR=3.35; 95% CI=1.4-8.02; p=0.007). Also, 34.6% (35/101) and 9.7% (10/103) of subjects receiving active LF-rTMS and sham rTMS were classified as remitters (OR=4.76; 95% CI=2.13-10.64; p<0.0001). The associated NNT for both response and remission rates was 5. Sensitivity analyses have shown that protocols delivering >1200 magnetic pulses in total as well as those offering rTMS as a monotherapy for MD were associated with higher rates of response to treatment. No differences on mean baseline depression scores and dropout rates for active and sham rTMS groups were found. Finally, the risk of publication bias was low. In conclusion, LF-rTMS is a promising treatment for MD, as it provides clinically meaningful benefits that are comparable to those of standard antidepressants and high-frequency rTMS. Furthermore, LF-rTMS seems to be an acceptable intervention for depressed subjects. © 2013 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved.
Pharmacological strategies in the prevention of relapse after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: To determine whether starting antidepressant medication at the start of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) reduces post-ECT relapse and to determine whether continuation pharmacotherapy with nortriptyline (NT) and lithium (Li) differs in efficacy or adverse effects from continuation pharmacotherapy with venlafaxine (VEN) and Li. Methods: During an acute ECT phase, 319 patients were randomized to treatment with moderate dosage bilateral ECT or high-dosage right unilateral ECT. They were also randomized to concurrent treatment with placebo, NT, or VEN. Of 181 patients to meet post-ECT remission criteria, 122 (67.4%) participated in a second continuation pharmacotherapy phase. Patients earlier randomized to NT or VEN continued on the antidepressant, whereas patients earlier randomized to placebo were now randomized to NT or VEN. Lithium was added for all patients who were followed until relapse or 6 months. Results: Starting an antidepressant medication at the beginning of the ECT course did not affect the rate or timing of relapse relative to starting pharmacotherapy after ECT completion. The combination of NT and Li did not differ from VEN and Li in any relapse or adverse effect measure. Older age was strongly associated with lower relapse risk, whereas the type of ECT administered in the acute phase and medication resistance were not predictive. Across sites, 50% of the patients relapsed, 33.6% continued in remission 6 months after ECT, and 16.4% dropped out. Conclusions: Starting an antidepressant medication during ECT does not affect relapse, and there are concerns about administering Li during an acute ECT course. Nortriptyline and VEN were equally effective in prolonging remission, although relapse rates after ECT are substantial despite intensive pharmacology. As opposed to the usual abrupt cessation of ECT, the impact of an ECT taper should be evaluated. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effect of propofol versus sodium thiopental on electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder: A randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial$$$ Objectives: To compare propofol and sodium thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depression with respect to clinical effect. Methods: Participants were composed of 96 patients with depression who were administered either propofol or sodium thiopental as an anesthetic agent for bilateral ECT. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was administered at baseline and after 6 treatments. Algorithm-based charge dosing was used. Results: There was a statistically significant difference between the groups regarding postintervention Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score. The preintervention mean (SD) scores in the propofol group and the sodium thiopental group were 37.3 (2.2) and 36.7 (1.2), respectively. The postintervention mean (SD) scores in the propofol group and the sodium thiopental group were 10.7 (1.8) and 13.4 (3.3), respectively. No correlation was found between clinical response and age, weight, and body mass index. There was no association between the groups' seizure time and duration of recovery. Conclusions: In conclusion, propofol may improve major depressive disorder more than sodium thiopental in patients who are receiving ECT. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Phase 2 study comparing cisplatin/etoposide and weekly paclitaxel/carboplatin regimens with concurrent thoracic radiotherapy in patients with locally advanced non-small-cell lung cancer$$$ Introduction.We aimed to evaluate the effect and safety of concurrent thoracic radiotherapy (TRT) with cisplatin/etoposide (PE) compared with weekly paclitaxel/carboplatin (PC) regimens in patients with stage III non-small-cell lung cancer (NSCLC). Methods. Patients with stage III NSCLC were randomly assigned to receive a PE regimen (PE arm; cisplatin 50mg/m2 d1, 8, 29, and 36, etoposide 50mg/m2 d1-5 and 29-33, concurrent with TRT 60 Gy) or a PC regimen (PC arm; carboplatin AUC= 2 and paclitaxel 45mg/m2, concurrent with TRT 60 Gy). Results. 156 patients were registered. Eventually, 149 were assigned to PE (n = 73) and PC (n = 76). Median follow-up was 38 months. The median survival time (MST) was 20 months. The 2-year overall survival (OS) and 3-year OS were 39.8% and 32.9%. The 2-year progression-free survival (PFS) and 3-year PFS were 24.8% and 22.4%. The MST of the PE arm and PC arm were 22 months and 20 months, and the median progressionfree times were 13 months and 11 months, respectively. The 2-year OS of the PE arm and the PC arm were 44.9% and 35%, and the 3-year OS were 40% and 26.2% (p = 0.323), respectively. The 2-year PFS of the PE and PC arms were 27.7% and 22.1%, and 3-year PFS were 24.5% and 20.5% (p = 0.449), respectively. The incidence of grade 3/4 bone marrow depression in the PE arm and PC armwere 34.2% and 23.7% (p = 0.29).The incidence of grade 2 or greater radiation pneumonitis in the PE arm and PC arm were 19.2% and 26.3% (p = 0.059). Discussion. For stage III NSCLC, concurrent TRT with a PE regimen has improved PFS and OS comparing with a PC regimen without significant difference. A concurrent PE regimen has a lower incidence of grade 2 or greater radiation pneumonitis.
Efficacy of right unilateral ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): Data from phase 1 of the pride study$$$ Introduction: ECT remains the most effective acute antidepressant treatment; despite this, shortcomings include short-term cognitive effects and the fact that ECT treats only the current episode of mood disorder. Right unilateral electrode placement (RUL) and ultrabrief pulse (UBP) stimuli are relatively new advancements in the ongoing development of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) technique. Both adjustments to the usual methods of administering ECT are designed to reduce cognitive side effects associated with treatment. Currently, the literature lacks substantial evidence to prove that, when combined, these two methods work to treat depression while minimizing cognitive effects. Methods: Prolonging Remission in Depressed Elderly (PRIDE) is a continuing clinical trial for patients at least 60 years old with unipolar depression, where patients are treated with an acute course of ECT augmented with venlafaxine (Phase I). Following remission, patients are randomized into one of two active continuation treatment arms where they receive: (1) venlafaxine and lithium, or (2) venlafaxine, lithium, and a flexible schedule of continuation ECT for 6 months. Throughout the study, the patient's depressive symptoms are indexed by the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression 24-item (HRSD24). Neurocognition is progressively evaluated from baseline to the study end using a comprehensive neuropsychological battery. Results: We previously presented the antidepressant efficacy data from the PRIDE study at the International Society for ECT and Neurostimulation (ISEN) Conference in May 2012 and at the NCDEU Meeting in May 2012. Here, we present the updated antidepressant efficacy data for 141 patients enrolled in PRIDE from February 2010 to August 1, 2012. Data from active patients were not analyzed. Sixty-three percent of patients remitted (received two successive HRSD24 scores < 10), 10% were non-remitters (did not meet remission criteria within < 12 treatments), and 27% were dropouts (< 12 treatments were administered). The mean baseline HRSD24 was approximately 30.9 at baseline and 11.8 by the end of Phase I. The final average HRSD24 for remitters alone was 6.09 as compared to 19.21 in non-remitters and 22.6 in dropouts. Conclusions: Data from the Pride study suggests that RUL UBP ECT does indeed act as a satisfactory antidepressant. Gaps in the literature still remain where cognitive effects of RUL EBP ECT are concerned. Further data from Phase I of the PRIDE study will address these issues, specifically for depressed geriatric patients.
Prophylactic treatment with repetitive cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the visual cortex decrease the number of attacks in patients with menstrual migraine$$$ Background and Purpose: Differences between people with and without migraine on visual perception an cortical excitability have been attributed to abnormal cortical processing due to the disease between and during attacks. Preventive therapy is indicated in about third of patients, and although a broad range of pharmaceutical option exists, there is an increasing interest with regard to non-pharmaceutical alternatives. According to this, the application of repetitive cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (rc-tDCS) of the visual cortex (V1) as a non-invasive brain stimulation method might be a therapeutic option by decreasing the excitability of the cortex. This study aimed to explore the efficacy of 5 days rc-tDCS as a prophylactic treatment in migraineurs. Methods: 16 patients participated in this double-blind and randomized study. For 3 cycles of menstruation, we applied cathodal or sham tDCS (2mA) to the V1 of the patients in 5 consecutive sessions for 20 minutes 1 - 5 days before the first day of their menstruation. The frequency and duration of attacks and the intensity of pain and related migraine symptoms were recoded 3 months before, during and 3 months post-treatment. V1 excitability was monitored by measuring the phosphene threshold (PT). PT was determined before and after a stimulation sessions. In addition, quality of life and depressive symptomatic was measured by the SF-36 questionnaire and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: The number of migraine attacks significantly decreased in patients treated by rctDCS in comparison to the sham group and parallel the increase of PTs were observed. Conclusion: Our results suggest that the application of rc-tDCS over the V1 might be an effective prophylactic therapy in menstruation dependent migraine.
A patient-level meta-analysis of studies evaluating vagus nerve stimulation therapy for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Objective: To compare response and remission rates in depressed patients with chronic treatment-resistant depression (TRD) treated with vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) Therapy® plus treatment as usual (VNS + TAU) or TAU alone in a meta-analysis using Bayesian hierarchical models. Data sources and study selection: Six outpatient, multicenter, clinical trials that have evaluated VNS + TAU or TAU in TRD, including two single-arm studies of VNS + TAU (n = 60 and n = 74), a randomized study of VNS + TAU versus TAU (n = 235), a randomized study of VNS + TAU comparing different VNS stimulation intensities (n = 331), a nonrandomized registry of VNS + TAU versus TAU (n = 636), and a single-arm study of TAU (n = 124) to provide longer-term, control data for comparison with VNS-treated patients. Data extraction: A systematic review of individual patient-level data based on the intent-to-treat principle, including all patients who contributed more than one post-baseline visit. Response was based on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and the Clinical Global Impressions scale's Improvement subscale (CGI-I), as these were the two clinician-rated measures common across all or most studies. Remission was based on the MADRS. Results: Outcomes were compared from baseline up to 96 weeks of treatment with VNS + TAU (n = 1035) versus TAU (n = 425). The MADRS response rate for VNS + TAU at 12, 24, 48, and 96 weeks were 12%, 18%, 28%, and 32% versus 4%, 7%, 12%, and 14% for TAU. The MADRS remission rate for VNS + TAU at 12, 24, 48, and 96 weeks were 3%, 5%, 10%, and 14% versus 1%, 1%, 2%, and 4%, for TAU. Adjunctive VNS Therapy was associated with a greater likelihood of response (odds ratio [OR] = 3.19, 95% confidence interval [CI]: 2.12, 4.66) and remission (OR = 4.99, CI: 2.93, 7.76), compared with TAU. For patients who had responded to VNS + TAU at 24 weeks, sustained response was more likely at 48 weeks (OR = 1.98, CI: 1.34, 3.01) and at 96 weeks (OR = 3.42, CI: 1.78, 7.31). Similar results were observed for CGI-I response. Conclusion: For patients with chronic TRD, VNS + TAU has greater response and remission rates that are more likely to persist than TAU. © 2013 Berry et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Interventions for smoking cessation and reduction in individuals with schizophrenia$$$ Background: Individuals with schizophrenia smoke more heavily than the general population and this contributes to their higher morbidity and mortality from smoking-related illnesses. It remains unclear what interventions can help them to quit or to reduce smoking. Objectives: To evaluate the benefits and harms of different treatments for nicotine dependence in schizophrenia. Search methods: We searched electronic databases including MEDLINE, EMBASE and PsycINFO from inception to October 2012, and the Cochrane Tobacco Addiction Group Specialized Register in November 2012. Selection criteria: We included randomised trials for smoking cessation or reduction, comparing any pharmacological or non-pharmacological intervention with placebo or with another therapeutic control in adult smokers with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder. Data collection and analysis: Two reviewers independently assessed the eligibility and quality of trials, as well as extracted data. Outcome measures included smoking abstinence, reduction in the amount smoked and any change in mental state. We extracted abstinence and reduction data at the end of treatment and at least six months after the intervention. We used the most rigorous definition of abstinence or reduction and biochemically validated data where available. We noted any reported adverse events. Where appropriate, we pooled data using a random-effects model. Main results: We included 34 trials (16 trials of cessation; nine trials of reduction; one trial of relapse prevention; eight trials that reported smoking outcomes for interventions aimed at other purposes). Seven trials compared bupropion with placebo; meta-analysis showed that cessation rates after bupropion were significantly higher than placebo at the end of treatment (seven trials, N = 340; risk ratio [RR] 3.03; 95% confidence interval [CI] 1.69 to 5.42) and after six months (five trials, N = 214, RR 2.78; 95% CI 1.02 to 7.58). There were no significant differences in positive, negative and depressive symptoms between bupropion and placebo groups. There were no reports of major adverse events such as seizures with bupropion. Smoking cessation rates after varenicline were significantly higher than placebo, at the end of treatment (2 trials, N = 137; RR 4.74, 95% CI 1.34 to 16.71). Only one trial reported follow-up at six months and the CIs were too wide to provide evidence of a sustained effect (one trial, N = 128, RR 5.06, 95% CI 0.67 to 38.24). There were no significant differences in psychiatric symptoms between the varenicline and placebo groups. Nevertheless, there were reports of suicidal ideation and behaviours from two people on varenicline. Two studies reported that contingent reinforcement (CR) with money may increase smoking abstinence rates and reduce the level of smoking in patients with schizophrenia. However, it is uncertain whether these benefits can be maintained in the longer term. There was no evidence of benefit for the few trials of other pharmacological therapies (including nicotine replacement therapy (NRT)) and psychosocial interventions in helping smokers with schizophrenia to quit or reduce smoking. Authors' conclusions: Bupropion increases smoking abstinence rates in smokers with schizophrenia, without jeopardizing their mental state. Varenicline may also improve smoking cessation rates in schizophrenia, but its possible psychiatric adverse effects cannot be ruled out. CR may help this group of patients to quit and reduce smoking in the short term. We failed to find convincing evidence that other interventions have a beneficial effect on smoking in schizophrenia.
Are neuroticism and extraversion associated with the antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)? An exploratory 4-week trial$$$ Several randomized, controlled trials have found high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) to be effective for treating major depressive disorder (MDD), but its antidepressant mechanisms have yet to be firmly understood. In this context, pre-treatment personality traits and subsequent changes in personality concomitant to treatment may be relevant for our understanding of these mechanisms. To investigate this issue we conducted a naturalistic trial in which 14 subjects with moderate to severe depression were treated with daily HF-rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 4 weeks. Objective depressive symptoms (as assessed by the HAM-D21) and the major personality dimensions of neuroticism and extraversion were measured pre-post HF-rTMS. Pre-rTMS levels of extraversion predicted subsequent decrease in depressive symptoms. Also, HF-rTMS treatment resulted in a decrease in neuroticism scores, and this relative decrease was associated with the relative decrease in depression. Our results suggest that HF-rTMS may positively affect the personality dimension of neuroticism. Also, pre-treatment levels of extraversion may predict the subsequent antidepressant response to HF-rTMS. However, further studies with larger samples and controlled designs are needed to better clarify these preliminary findings. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
The effects of a single mild dose of morphine on chemoreflexes and breathing in obstructive sleep apnea$$$ The effect of morphine on breathing and ventilatory chemoreflexes in obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) is unknown. It has been assumed that acute morphine use may induce deeper respiratory depression in OSA but this has not been investigated. We evaluated awake ventilatory chemoreflexes and overnight polysomnography on 10 mild-moderate OSA patients before and after giving 30mg oral controlled-release morphine. Morphine plasma concentrations were analysed. We found a 30-fold range of morphine plasma concentrations with the fixed dose of morphine, and a higher plasma morphine concentration was associated with a higher CO2 recruitment threshold (VRT) (r=0.86, p=0.006) and an improvement in sleep time with SpO2<90% (T90) (r=-0.87, p=0.005) compared to the baseline. The improvement in T90 also significantly correlated with the increase of VRT (r=-0.79, r=0.02). In conclusion, in mild-to-moderate OSA patients, a single common dose of oral morphine may paradoxically improve OSA through modulating chemoreflexes. There is a large inter-individual variability in the responses, which may relate to individual morphine metabolism. © 2012 Elsevier B.V.
Evidence-based treatment strategies for treatment-resistant bipolar depression: A systematic review$$$ Objectives: Treatment resistance in bipolar depression is a common clinical problem that constitutes a major challenge for the treating clinician as there is a paucity of treatment options. The objective of this paper was to review the evidence for treatment options in treatment-resistant bipolar depression, as found in randomized controlled trials and with special attention to the definition and assessment of treatment resistance. Methods: A Medline search (from database inception to May 2012) was performed using the search terms treatment resistance or treatment refractory, and bipolar depression or bipolar disorder, supplemented with 43 separate searches using the various pharmacologic agents or technical interventions as search terms. Results: Only seven studies met our inclusion criteria. These studies examined the effects of ketamine (n=1), (ar)modafinil (n=2), pramipexole (n=1), lamotrigine (n=1), inositol (n=1), risperidone (n=1), and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) (n=2). Conclusions: The available level I evidence for treatment strategies in resistant bipolar depression is extremely scarce, and although the response rates reported are reassuring, most of the strategies remain experimental. There is an urgent need for further study in homogeneous patient samples using a clear concept of treatment resistance. © 2012 John Wiley and Sons A/S.
Theta priming of 1-Hz rTMS in healthy volunteers: Effects on motor inhibition$$$ Originally derived from animal experiments, the concept of priming in repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) experiments refers to a pretreatment or preprotocol stimulation that enhances the effect of the protocol. This means that previous stimulation or bout of activity predisposes the synapse for a second stimulation protocol to produce an enhanced depression. The purpose of this study was to investigate the use of theta priming with 1-Hz rTMS to the motor cortex to induce corticospinal inhibition. The main question was whether there was any benefit in using theta priming instead of simply a longer period of 1-Hz rTMS. To address this, the authors compared 1-Hz rTMS with and without theta priming, using a protocol in which the total period of stimulation was the same. Eleven healthy volunteers were given rTMS to the right primary motor cortex in three separate sessions, in which the participant received one of the three protocols: (1) 1-Hz rTMS for 10 minutes, (2) 5 minutes of 6-Hz theta burst priming followed by 5 minutes of 1-Hz rTMS, or (3) 10 minutes of 1-Hz sham rTMS using a placebo coil. There was a significant effect of active 1-Hz rTMS alone on both resting motor evoked potential and active motor evoked potential amplitude, P < 0.05: both were significantly decrease after 1-Hz rTMS compared with sham. Resting motor evoked potential amplitude was unchanged compared with sham rTMS after the priming protocol, P = 0.001; 1-Hz rTMS with and without theta priming significantly reduced right unimanual reaction time compared with sham. While theta priming abolished or interfered with the inhibitory effect of 1-Hz rTMS on corticospinal excitability, the effect on ipsilateral reaction times was unaffected. The negative effect of priming can be interpreted as a functional interference of the priming preprotocol with the 1 Hz protocol. Copyright © 2013 by the American Clinical Neurophysiology Society.
Use of liothyronine in preventing electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory impairment: Evaluation$$$ Aims and method: To evaluate the effect of liothyronine administration on the cognitive side-effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), 30 participants with major depressive disorder that were suitable candidates for ECT were randomly allocated to either a liothyronine or a placebo group. Participants in the liothyronine group received a daily 50 μg dose for the whole period of receiving ECT starting the day before ECT, whereas the other group received a placebo. The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) and the Wechsler Memory Scale - revised (WMS-R) were used for evaluating mood and memory before the first ECT session and after the sixth session (the HRSD was also used after the third session). Results: The results indicated that after the sixth ECT session, participants that received liothyronine achieved significantly better scores on the HRSD and WMS-R. Clinical implications: Further studies with a larger number of participants, through multicentre research projects, are indicated to obtain adequate data for meta-analysis and systematic review.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: Neurophysiology and clinical applications$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is considered a noninvasive and well-tolerated brain stimulation technique with very few adverse side effects. Importantly, tDCS does not directly evoke neuronal firing (as induced by electroconvulsive or transcranial magnetic stimulation), but instead alters the resting membrane potential of pre- and post-synaptic neurons dependent on the current polarity in the stimulated brain region. Animal studies suggest changes in long-term potentiation occur via glutamate release in response to anodal tDCS, thereby affecting learning and memory. In clinical studies, a current not exceeding 2 mA/cm2 is applied for 20-30 min via sponge electrodes placed above the target brain region. To date, a number of clinical studies have reported some promising effects when treating patients with depression, chronic pain, schizophrenia, dementia, Parkinson's disease and cerebral stroke. However, appropriately designed randomized controlled clinical trials are scarce and reported intervention effect sizes only vary from small to moderate, with little evidence for sustained long-term effects. © 2013 Future Medicine Ltd.
Neuroplasticity-based brain stimulation interventions in the study and treatment of schizophrenia: A review$$$ We reviewed novel brain stimulation approaches that modify neuroplasticity and are used in the treatment and study of schizophrenia. We searched PubMed and Scholars Portal using search terms related to schizophrenia, brain stimulation, and neuroplasticity. Various brain stimulation approaches simulating a range of experimental protocols that induce synaptic long-term potentiation or depression have been developed. By far, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been the most widely used in the field of schizophrenia. Its application has been associated with mixed results in treating treatment-resistant symptoms and cognitive deficits associated with schizophrenia. Compared to the other approaches, rTMS is probably the least similar to plasticity-inducing cellular paradigms. Other approaches, such as paired associative stimulation, theta-burst stimulation, and transcranial direct current stimulation, are in their incipient stages in the study and treatment of schizophrenia, with promising early results. Numerous brain stimulation approaches have been developed to treat resistant dimensions of schizophrenia. Notwithstanding some promising reports, optimization of the methods and large randomized controlled trials are still needed.
A randomized clinical trial of cognitive processing therapy for veterans with PTSD related to military sexual trauma.$$$ In this randomized controlled clinical trial, the authors evaluated the effectiveness of cognitive processing therapy (CPT) in the treatment of self-reported and clinician-assessed posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) related to military sexual trauma (MST), along with depressive symptoms. Eighty-six veterans (73 female, 13 male) randomly assigned to receive 12 individual sessions of either CPT or present-centered therapy (PCT) were included in analyses. Blinded assessments occurred at baseline, posttreatment, and 2, 4, and 6 months posttreatment. Mixed-effects model analysis revealed a significant interaction between groups (p = .05, d = -0.85): At posttreatment, veterans who received CPT had a significantly greater reduction in self-reported, but not clinician-assessed, PTSD symptom severity compared to veterans who received PCT. All three primary outcome measures improved significantly, both clinically and statistically, across time in both treatment groups. Pre- and posttreatment effect sizes were mostly moderate to large (d = 0.30-1.02) and trended larger in the CPT group. Although the study was impacted by treatment fidelity issues, results provide preliminary evidence for the effectiveness of CPT in reducing self-reported PTSD symptoms in a population of veterans with MST, expanding on established literature that has demonstrated the effectiveness of CPT in treating PTSD related to sexual assault in civilian populations. Published 2013. This article is a US Government work and is in the public domain in the USA.
Efficacy of Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation and Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation for Treating Fibromyalgia Syndrome: A Systematic Review$$$ Objective: To systematically review the literature to date applying repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) or transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for patients with fibromyalgia syndrome (FMS). Method: Electronic bibliography databases screened included PubMed, Ovid MEDLINE, PsychINFO, CINAHL, and Cochrane Library. The keyword "fibromyalgia" was combined with ("transcranial" and "stimulation") or "TMS" or "tDCS" or "transcranial magnetic stimulation" or "transcranial direct current stimulation". Results: Nine of 23 studies were included; brain stimulation sites comprised either the primary motor cortex (M1) or the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Five studies used rTMS (high-frequency-M1: 2, low-frequency-DLPFC: 2, high-frequency-DLPFC: 1), while 4 applied tDCS (anodal-M1: 1, anodal-M1/DLPFC: 3). Eight were double-blinded, randomized controlled trials. Most (80%) rTMS studies that measured pain reported significant decreases, while all (100%) tDCS studies with pain measures reported significant decreases. Greater longevity of significant pain reductions was observed for excitatory M1 rTMS/tDCS. Conclusion: Studies involving excitatory rTMS/tDCS at M1 showed analogous pain reductions as well as considerably fewer side effects compared to FDA apaproved FMS pharmaceuticals. The most commonly reported side effects were mild, including transient headaches and scalp discomforts at the stimulation site. Yearly use of rTMS/tDCS regimens appears costly ($11,740 to 14,507/year); however, analyses to apapropriately weigh these costs against clinical and quality of life benefits for patients with FMS are lacking. Consequently, rTMS/tDCS should be considered when treating patients with FMS, particularly those who are unable to find adequate symptom relief with other therapies. Further work into optimal stimulation parameters and standardized outcome measures is needed to clarify associated efficacy and effectiveness. © 2012 The Authors. Pain Practice © 2012 World Institute of Pain.
Left dorsolateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS): Sleep factor changes during treatment in patients with pharmacoresistant major depressive disorder$$$ As they alleviate major depressive disorder, antidepressant therapies may improve associated sleep disturbances, but may also have inherent sedating or activating properties. We examined sleep changes during a multicenter, sham-controlled, trial of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) therapy for pharmacoresistant MDD. Medication-free outpatients (N=301) were randomized to receive active (N=155) or sham (N=146) TMS for 6 weeks. Depression severity was rated with the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, the 24-item Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD), and the Inventory of Depressive Symptoms-Self Report (IDS-SR). Assessments were performed at baseline, 2, 4, and 6 week time points. Sleep was assessed using the HAMD and IDS-SR sleep factors; comparison between treatment groups employed ANCOVA model. No significant differences were identified between the active and sham treatment groups in either the HAMD or IDS-SR sleep factor scores at any time during treatment. Sleep difficulty as an adverse event over the length of the study did not differ between active and sham treatment. Stratified by end of acute treatment responder status, there was a statistically significant improvement in both the HAMD sleep factor score and the IDS-SR sleep factor during acute treatment in both the active and sham treatment conditions. TMS exerts no intrinsic effect upon sleep in patients with MDD. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Sustaining remission of psychotic depression: Rationale, design and methodology of STOP-PD II$$$ Background: Psychotic depression (PD) is a severe disabling disorder with considerable morbidity and mortality. Electroconvulsive therapy and pharmacotherapy are each efficacious in the treatment of PD. Expert guidelines recommend the combination of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications in the acute pharmacologic treatment of PD. However, little is known about the continuation treatment of PD. Of particular concern, it is not known whether antipsychotic medication needs to be continued once an episode of PD responds to pharmacotherapy. This issue has profound clinical importance. On the one hand, the unnecessary continuation of antipsychotic medication exposes a patient to adverse effects, such as weight gain and metabolic disturbance. On the other hand, premature discontinuation of antipsychotic medication has the potential risk of early relapse of a severe disorder.Methods/design: The primary goal of this multicenter randomized placebo-controlled trial is to assess the risks and benefits of continuing antipsychotic medication in persons with PD once the episode of depression has responded to treatment with an antidepressant and an antipsychotic. Secondary goals are to examine age and genetic polymorphisms as predictors or moderators of treatment variability, potentially leading to more personalized treatment of PD. Individuals aged 18-85 years with unipolar psychotic depression receive up to 12 weeks of open-label treatment with sertraline and olanzapine. Participants who achieve remission of psychosis and remission/near-remission of depressive symptoms continue with 8 weeks of open-label treatment to ensure stability of remission. Participants with stability of remission are then randomized to 36 weeks of double-blind treatment with either sertraline and olanzapine or sertraline and placebo. Relapse is the primary outcome. Metabolic changes are a secondary outcome.Discussion: This trial will provide clinicians with much-needed evidence to guide the continuation and maintenance treatment of one of the most disabling and lethal of psychiatric disorders.Trial registration and URL: NCT: NCT01427608. © 2013 Flint et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Assessment of cognitive impairments and seizure characteristics in electroconvulsive therapy with and without sodium valproate in manic patients$$$ Objectives: The aim of the present study was two-fold: (1) to compare, in a controlled double-blind quasi-randomized clinical trial, treatment improvements, treatment outcome, and cognitive impairments in patients suffering from current manic episodes, while treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with and without concurrent sodium valproate therapy, and (2) to compare ECT seizure characteristics in patients with and without concurrent sodium valproate therapy. Methods: A total of 40 inpatients (mean age = 31.80 years, SD = 8.06; 75% males) suffering from bipolar disorders and currently in a manic state took part in the study. They were quasi-randomly assigned either to the target (continuation of sodium valproate administration) or to the control group (discontinuation of sodium valproate administration). All patients underwent bifrontal ECT for at least 6 sessions. Improvements and cognitive impairments were assessed, and seizure characteristics (duration, threshold) were also recorded. Results: Manic episodes improved significantly over time, and irrespective of the group (target vs. control group). Cognitive impairments did not alter over time or between groups. Seizure duration did not change over time or between groups. Seizure threshold did not change over time, but was lower in the target than in the control group. Conclusions: Continuing the administration of sodium valproate neither adversely affects, nor enhances cognitive impairments or seizure duration, but reduces seizure threshold during ECT in patients suffering from manic episodes. Moreover, gender appeared to be more strongly associated with cognitive impairment and seizure activity than treatment approaches in these psychiatric conditions. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Randomized sham controlled trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for the treatment of panic disorder with comorbid major depression$$$ Background: In an open-label trial low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) significantly improved symptoms of panic disorder and major depression. Here we present data of a randomized double-blind study. Methods: Twenty-five patients were assigned 4 weeks of active or sham rTMS to the right DLPFC. rTMS parameters consisted of 1800 stimuli/day, 1-Hz, at 110% of resting motor threshold. Response was defined as a ≥40% decrease on the panic disorder severity scale and a ≥50% decrease on the Hamilton depression rating scale. At the end of the randomized phase, patients were offered the option of receiving open-label rTMS for an additional 4 weeks. Results: Repeated-measures ANOVA revealed significantly better improvement in panic symptoms with active compared with sham rTMS, but no significant difference in depression. At 4 weeks, response rate for panic disorder was 50% with active rTMS and 8% with sham. After 8 weeks of active rTMS, response rate was 67% for panic and 50% for depressive symptoms. Repeated-measure ANOVA showed significant improvements in panic disorder, major depression, clinical global impression, and social adjustment. Clinical improvement was sustained at 6-month follow-up. Limitations: Limitation of this study is the relatively small sample size. Conclusions: Although 4 weeks of rTMS was sufficient to produce a significant effect in panic symptoms, a longer course of treatment resulted in better outcomes for both panic disorder and major depression. These data suggest that inhibitory rTMS to the right DLPFC affects symptoms expression in comorbid anxiety and depression. ClinicalTrials.gov Identifier: NCT00521352. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Study the effects of neuroplasticity on major depression disorder in rTMS combined with antidepressant treatments$$$ Objective To explore the effects of neuroplasticity on major depression disorder (MDD) with event related potentials (ERPs) of mismatch negativity (MMN) and sensory gating potentials P50 for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with antidepressant treatments. Methods A total of 159 patients with MDD randomly divided into two groups: 75 patients in group A was administrated rTMS treatment for 2 weeks (15 days): and continues to give antidepressant of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) regularly. 84 patients in group B was consistently administered the similar antidepressant. The 24-item Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD-24): MMN latency, S1-P50 amplitude, S2-P50 amplitude and S2-P50/S1-P50 amplitude ratio, and the percentages of abnormal P50(S2-P 50/S1-P50≥0.5) were assessed and measured before treatment, at the 2nd and the 10th weekend after treatment in two treatment groups. Meanwhile, 90 normal control cases was set up as control group (group C). Results At 2th and 10th week after treatment, the HAMD-24 scores were reduced remarkably than those before treatment in group A and B (P<0.001): and the scores in group A was lower than that in group B (P<0.001). MMN latencies and S2-P50 amplitudes after treatment in group A were significant shorter and lower than those before treatment in group A and after treatment in group B (P<0.05) (except for intergroup comparison of S2-P50 amplitude after treatment 10 weeks ). No significant difference was found in S2-P 50/S1-P50 ratio (except for after treatment 2 weeks) and percentage of abnormal P50 between group A after treatment and group C (P>0.05). There were no statistical significance difference of ERPs between after treatment 2 weeks and 10 weeks in group A (P>0.05). No statistical differences of ERPs between before and after treatment in group B (P>0.05) was observed. Conclusion rTMS combined with antidepressant therapy was superior to single antidepressant treatment, and marked improved automatic processing and sensory gating of the brain senior functional electricalphysiological index. rTMS might induce effects of long-term potentiation/long-term depression like plasticity on brain, and keep brain function in a dynamic stability and balance. MMN and P50 maybe become neuroplasticity index reflecting relevant the brain senior function.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the motor cortex in the treatment of chronic nonspecific low back pain: A randomized, double-blind exploratory study$$$ Objectives: To test the proof of principle that active anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) applied to the motor cortex reduces pain significantly more than sham stimulation in a group of participants with chronic nonspecific low back pain. Methods: The study utilized a within-participants sham-controlled, interrupted time series design. A sample of 8 participants was recruited. After 3 days of baseline measures, patients entered a 15-day experimental period (Mondays to Fridays) for 3 consecutive weeks. During this period each patient received sham stimulation daily until a randomly allocated day when active stimulation was commenced. Active stimulation was then given daily for the remaining days of the experimental period. Both the participants and the assessors were blinded. The primary outcomes were average pain intensity and unpleasantness in the last 24 hours measured using a visual analogue scale. Secondary outcomes included self-reported disability, depression and anxiety, a battery of cognitive tests to monitor for unwanted effects of stimulation, and patients' perceptions of whether they had received active or sham stimulation. Data were analyzed using generalized estimating equations. Results: No significant effect was seen in the primary outcomes between active and sham stimulation (average pain intensity P=0.821, unpleasantness P=0.937) or across any other clinical variables. There was evidence that patients may have been able to distinguish between the active and sham conditions (P=0.035). Discussion: These results do not provide evidence that tDCS is effective in the treatment of chronic back pain. The use of a small convenience sample limits the generalizability of these findings and precludes definitive conclusions on the efficacy of tDCS in chronic nonspecific low back pain. © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Current diagnosis and treatment of anxiety disorders$$$ Anxiety disorders are the most prevalent mental health conditions. Although they are less visible than schizophrenia, depression, and bipolar disorder, they can be just as disabling. The diagnoses of anxiety disorders are being continuously revised. Both dimensional and structural diagnoses have been used in clinical treatment and research, and both methods have been proposed for the new classification in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders IV (DSM-5). However, each of these approaches has limitations. More recently, the emphasis in diagnosis has focused on neuroimaging and genetic research. This approach is based partly on the need for a more comprehensive understanding of how biology, stress, and genetics interact to shape the symptoms of anxiety. Anxiety disorders can be effectively treated with psychopharmacological and cognitive-behavioral interventions. These interventions have different symptom targets; thus, logical combinations of these strategies need to be further studied in order to improve future outcomes. New developments are forthcoming in the field of alternative strategies for managing anxiety and for treatment-resistant cases. Additional treatment enhancements should include the development of algorithms that can be easily used in primary care and with greater focus on managing functional impairment in patients with anxiety.
Electroconvulsive therapy device classification: Response to FDA advisory panel hearing and recommendations$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and highly effective treatment for management of acute episodes of a variety of serious mental disorders, particularly for major depressive episodes that are resistant to multiple interventions with treatment alternatives. As such, the National Network of Depression Centers (NNDC), a consortium of major academic centers with interest and expertise in this area, believes there is an important public health need for ECT to remain available for clinical use. As with all medical devices, ECT is regulated by the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), which is presently involved in formulating a proposed rule as to how such devices should be classified. Since such classification may have substantial effects on the availability of ECT to patients for whom it is clinically indicated, the NNDC has reviewed the information provided by the FDA to its Advisory Panel, as well as the subsequent deliberations of the Panel itself at a January 2011 public hearing. This review indicates that the FDA may have substantially underestimated the efficacy of ECT as a means to produce large clinical improvements for individuals suffering from severe major depressive disorders and that such an underestimate likely affected the Panel's willingness to recommend reclassification of ECT devices to a less restrictive category. In addition, the NNDC's review generates support for a variety of methods by which the safety of ECT can be ensured, which is an essential requirement for such reclassification. © 2012 copyright physicians postgraduate press, Inc.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates and enhances the clinical response to antidepressants in major depression: A meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind, and sham-controlled trials$$$ Objective: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) is a safe and effective treatment for major depression. However, its utility as a strategy to accelerate and improve clinical response to antidepressants is still unclear. Data Sources: We searched the literature from 1995 through May 2012 using EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Scopus, and ProQuest Dissertations and Theses, and, from October 2008 until May 2012, by using MEDLINE. We included only studies written in the English language. Study Selection: We selected all randomized, double-blind, and shamcontrolled trials on HF-rTMS used as an accelerating (add-on) strategy to antidepressants for major depression. Data Extraction: We performed a random effects meta-analysis using odds ratios (ORs) for response and remission rates following HF-rTMS and sham rTMS. Two time points were considered: the end of the add-on HF-rTMS stimulation period (T<inf>1</inf>) and the end of the study (T<inf>2</inf>). Results: Data were obtained from 6 randomized controlled trials (RCTs), totaling 392 subjects with major depression. For T1 (at mean ± SD 2.67 ± 0.82 weeks following start of combined rTMS + antidepressant treatment), 6 studies reported on response and 4 on remission rates. We found significantly higher response rates for active HF-rTMS (43.3%; 84/194) compared to sham rTMS (26.8%; 53/198) (OR = 2.5; 95% CI, 1.12-5.56; P = .025); however, remission rates did not differ between groups (P = .33). Heterogeneity between the included RCTs reporting data on response and remission rates at T<inf>1</inf> was significant (response: Q <inf>5</inf> = 11.4, P = .044, I<sup>2</sup> = 56.12; remission: Q3 = 12.24, P = .007, I<sup>2</sup> = 75.45). For study end (T<inf>2</inf>; at mean ± SD 6.80 ± 3.11 weeks following start of combined rTMS + antidepressant treatment), 5 studies reported on response and 4 on remission rates; overall, response rates at T<inf>2</inf> were significantly higher for subjects receiving HF-rTMS in comparison to those receiving sham rTMS (62% [104/168] and 46% [79/172], respectively; OR = 1.9; 95% CI, 1.003-3.56; P = .049). Also, 53.8% (57/106) and 38.64% (36/107) of subjects receiving active HF-rTMS and sham rTMS, respectively, were in remission at T<inf>2</inf> (OR = 2.42; 95% CI, 1.27-4.61; P = .007). Heterogeneity between the included RCTs reporting data on remission rates at T2 was not significant, although RCTs reporting on response rates at T<inf>2</inf> were heterogeneous. The baseline depression scores for active and sham rTMS groups were similar. Finally, HF-rTMS was comparable to sham rTMS in terms of dropout rates. Conclusions: HF-rTMS is a promising strategy for accelerating clinical response to antidepressants in major depression, providing clinically meaningful benefits that are comparable to those of other agents such as triiodothyronine and pindolol. Furthermore, HF-rTMS seems to be an acceptable treatment for depressed subjects. © Copyright 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
The sertraline vs electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical study$$$ Importance: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) trials for major depressive disorder (MDD) have shown positive but mixed results. Objective: To assess the combined safety and efficacy of tDCS vs a common pharmacological treatment (sertraline hydrochloride, 50 mg/d). Design: Double-blind, controlled trial. Participants were randomized using a 2×2 factorial design to sertraline/placebo and active/sham tDCS. Setting: Outpatient, single-center academic setting in São Paulo, Brazil. Participants: One hundred twenty antidepressantfree patients with moderate to severe, nonpsychotic, unipolar MDD. Interventions: Six-week treatment of 2-mA anodal left/cathodal right prefrontal tDCS (twelve 30-minute sessions: 10 consecutive sessions once daily from Monday to Friday plus 2 extra sessions every other week) and sertraline hydrochloride (50 mg/d). Main Outcome Measures: In this intention-to-treat analysis, the primary outcome measure was the change in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale score at 6 weeks (end point).Weconsidered a difference of at least 3 points to be clinically relevant. The analysis plan was previously published. Safety was measured with an adverse effects questionnaire, the Young Mania Rating Scale, and cognitive assessment. Secondary measures were rates of clinical response and remission and scores on other scales. Results: At the main end point, there was a significant difference in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale scores when comparing the combined treatment group (sertraline/active tDCS) vs sertraline only (mean difference, 8.5 points; 95% CI, 2.96 to 14.03; P=.002), tDCS only (mean difference, 5.9 points; 95% CI, 0.36 to 11.43; P=.03), and placebo/sham tDCS (mean difference, 11.5 points; 95% CI, 6.03 to 17.10; P<.001). Analysis of tDCS only vs sertraline only presented comparable efficacies (mean difference, 2.6 points; 95% CI, -2.90 to 8.13; P=.35). Use of tDCS only (but not sertraline only) was superior to placebo/sham tDCS. Common adverse effects did not differ between interventions, except for skin redness on the scalp in active tDCS (P=.03). There were 7 episodes of treatment-emergent mania or hypomania, 5 occurring in the combined treatment group. Conclusions and Relevance: In MDD, the combination of tDCS and sertraline increases the efficacy of each treatment. The efficacy and safety of tDCS and sertraline did not differ. © 2013 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Primary care considerations of the pharmacokinetics and clinical use of extended-release opioids in treating patients with chronic noncancer pain$$$ Extended-release (ER) opioid analgesics are associated with prolonged analgesia and greater stability in pain relief compared with immediate-release formulations. Due to the pharmacokinetic (PK) characteristics of ER opioids and additional clinical advantages, the use of ER opioids for patients with moderate-to-severe chronic noncancer pain has increased. Primary care physicians are the major prescribers of opioids and require an in-depth understanding of the risks and benefits of opioid treatment in pain management. With appropriate knowledge of PK profiles and clinical outcomes of commonly prescribed ER opioids, primary care physicians can safely and effectively manage this patient population. In addition, the development of ER opioids with abuse-deterrent features marks an important milestone in potentially reducing abuse and may be factored into the clinical decision-making process. This article provides a comprehensive review of the PK and clinical effects of ER opioids and discusses novel ER opioid formulations that may limit abuse potential. © Postgraduate Medicine.
Treatment of Tourette syndrome with cannabinoids$$$ Cannabinoids have been used for hundred of years for medical purposes. To day, the cannabinoid delta-9-tetrahydrocannabinol (THC) and the cannabis extract nabiximols are approved for the treatment of nausea, anorexia and spasticity, respectively. In Tourette syndrome (TS) several anecdotal reports provided evidence that marijuana might be effective not only in the suppression of tics, but also in the treatment of associated behavioural problems. At the present time there are only two controlled trials available investigating the effect of THC in the treatment of TS. Using both self and examiner rating scales, in both studies a significant tic reduction could be observed after treatment with THC compared to placebo, without causing significant adverse effects. Available data about the effect of THC on obsessive-compulsive symptoms are inconsistent. According to a recent Cochrane review on the efficacy of cannabinoids in TS, definite conclusions cannot be drawn, because longer trials including a larger number of patients are missing. Notwithstanding this appraisal, by many experts THC is recommended for the treatment of TS in adult patients, when first line treatments failed to improve the tics. In treatment resistant adult patients, therefore, treatment with THC should be taken into consideration. © 2013 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ We review recent developments in the acute and long-term treatment of bipolar disorder and identify promising future routes to therapeutic innovation. Overall, advances in drug treatment remain quite modest. Antipsychotic drugs are effective in the acute treatment of mania; their efficacy in the treatment of depression is variable with the clearest evidence for quetiapine. Despite their widespread use, considerable uncertainty and controversy remains about the use of antidepressant drugs in the management of depressive episodes. Lithium has the strongest evidence for long-term relapse prevention; the evidence for anticonvulsants such as divalproex and lamotrigine is less robust and there is much uncertainty about the longer term benefits of antipsychotics. Substantial progress has been made in the development and assessment of adjunctive psychosocial interventions. Long-term maintenance and possibly acute stabilisation of depression can be enhanced by the combination of psychosocial treatments with drugs. The development of future treatments should consider both the neurobiological and psychosocial mechanisms underlying the disorder. We should continue to repurpose treatments and to recognise the role of serendipity. We should also investigate optimum combinations of pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatments at different stages of the illness. Clarification of the mechanisms by which different treatments affect sleep and circadian rhythms and their relation with daily mood fluctuations is likely to help with the treatment selection for individual patients. To be economically viable, existing psychotherapy protocols need to be made briefer and more efficient for improved scalability and sustainability in widespread implementation. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Clinical practice guidelines for management of neuropathic pain: Expert panel recommendations for South Africa$$$ Neuropathic pain (NeuP) is challenging to diagnose and manage, despite ongoing improved understanding of the underlying mechanisms. Many patients do not respond satisfactorily to existing treatments. There are no published guidelines for diagnosis or management of NeuP in South Africa. A multidisciplinary expert panel critically reviewed available evidence to provide consensus recommendations for diagnosis and management of NeuP in South Africa. Following accurate diagnosis of NeuP pregabalin, gabapentin, low-dose tricyclic antidepressants (e.g. amitriptyline) and serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (duloxetine and venlafaxine) are all recommended as first-line options for the treatment of peripheral NeuP If the response is insufficient after 2 - 4 weeks, the recommended next step is to switch to a different class, or combine different classes of agent. Opioids should be reserved for use later in the treatment pathway, if switching drugs and combination therapy fails. For central NeuP pregabalin or amitriptyline are recommended as first-line agents. Companion treatments (cognitive behavioural therapy and physical therapy) should be administered as part of a multidisciplinary approach. Dorsal root entry zone rhizotomy (DREZ) is not recommended to treat NeuP Given the large population of HIV/AIDS patients in South Africa, and the paucity of positive efficacy data for its management, research in the form of randomised controlled trials in painful HIV-associated sensory neuropathy (HIV-SN) must be prioritised in this country. © Medpharm.
Diagnosis and treatment of depression following traumatic brain injury$$$ Depression is one of the most common psychiatric diagnoses among individuals with traumatic brain injury (TBI). Prevalence of post-TBI depression (PTBID) ranges from 12 to 60% and is generally higher than rates reported in the general population. The wide range in reported rates is attributed to methodological variability across studies, including measurement and sampling differences. Several systematic reviews have been published in the past 5 years, reporting on outcomes for depression across different classes of interventions, including pharmacological, biomedical and behavioural. The consensus across reviews is that more research is necessary to develop evidence-based practice guidelines. The present narrative review synthesises the findings of previous studies, focusing on the nature of the interventions, the eligibility criteria for inclusion and the assessment of outcome. Pharmacological studies are generally more rigorous methodologically, but provide mixed findings. Other biomedical interventions are only at the initial stages of research development, including case and pilot studies. The results of behavioural studies are positive regarding improvements in mood. However, the number of efficacy studies of behavioural interventions for depression is extremely limited. Recommendations for designing interventions are provided. Copyright © 2013 The Author(s).
Central poststroke pain: Current diagnosis and treatment$$$ Central post-stroke pain syndrome (CPSP) is a debilitating sequel that can follow thalamic sensory stroke. Less well recognized, CPSP follows lateral medullary stroke and parietal cortical stroke and may develop anywhere along the spinothalamic or trigemino-thalamic pathways. Patients describe sharp, stabbing, or burning pain and experience hyperpathia and especially allodynia. Although CPSP was first described over 100 years ago, CPSP is too frequently underrecognized. It is treatable disorder. Pharmacological therapy, magnetic stimulation, and invasive electrical stimulation are reviewed and recommendations made. © 2013 Thomas Land Publishers, Inc.
Poststroke depression: A review emphasizing the role of prophylactic treatment and synergy with treatment for motor recovery$$$ Neuropsychiatric manifestations are common post stroke. Depression has a prevalence rate of 9% to 34% in the initial 3 to 6 months following stroke and is the most common neuropsychiatric sequel of stroke. Poststroke depression (PSD) has a significant adverse impact on the course of rehabilitation following stroke, resulting in overall impaired functional outcome. An increased risk of suicide and increased mortality have been reported. The association of depression and stroke is wellestablished, highly complex, and multifactorial in origin, and the etiology of PSD involves size, location and number of lesions, stroke subtype, stroke severity, social handicap, and family support. Additionally, depression itself is an independent risk factor for stroke. In this article, we review the complex pathogenesis of PSD and summarize pharmacological treatment options. Because of recent important results that may relate to underlying cellular restorative processes, we focus on early prophylactic treatment, particularly as it involves selective serotonin uptake inhibitors (SSRIs). There is a recently recognized synergy between functional recovery and depression prophylaxis. New evidence that antidepressants, and SSRIs in particular, can make a substantial contribution to stroke recovery is explorer. © 2013 Thomas Land Publishers, Inc.
Neuropsychiatric symptoms in patients with dementias associated with cortical lewy bodies: Pathophysiology, clinical features, and pharmacological management$$$ Dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB) and Parkinson's disease dementia (PDD) are synucleinopathies that lead to neurodegeneration and dementia. Although they result in symptoms common to Alzheimer's disease, they are associated with early emergence of parkinsonism and high frequency of neuropsychiatric symptoms, most commonly hallucinations and delusions. This review summarizes the current understanding of the underlying biology of neuropsychiatric symptoms in DLB and PDD and the evidence base for treatment to address them. Disruption to cholinergic and serotonergic neurotransmission and synapse activity are highlighted as primary pathological factors in neuropsychiatric symptoms, particularly loss of key neurotransmitter functions, alterations to neuronal receptors in the serotonergic pathway, and regionally specific structural changes that are linked to specific symptoms. Review of options for pharmacological treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms suggests that the best evidence for the value of treatment is for cholinesterase inhibitors, with an indication that people with visual hallucinations are particularly likely to benefit. Evidence for the benefits of antipsychotics other than clozapine is limited, and there are serious safety concerns about the use of antipsychotics in these patients. Evidence to support other pharmacological interventions is very preliminary. Nonpharmacological approaches based on person-centered care and cholinesterase inhibitors should be considered as the first-line treatment for neuropsychiatric symptoms except in extreme cases. © 2013 Springer International Publishing Switzerland.
Treatment for depression following mild traumatic brain injury in adults: A meta-analysis$$$ Primary objective: Development of depression after TBI is linked to poorer outcomes. The aim of this manuscript is to review evidence for the effectiveness of current treatments. Research design: Two meta-analyses were undertaken to examine the effectiveness of both pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions for depression after mild TBI Method and procedures: PubMed, Medline, PsychInfo, Web of Science and Digital Dissertations were searched and 13 studies located. Meta Analyst Beta 3.13 was used to conduct analyses of pre- vs post-effects then to examine treatment group vs control group effects. Main outcomes and results: Studies using a pre-post design produced an overall effect size of 1.89 (95% CI=1.20-2.58, p<0.001), suggesting that treatments were effective; however, the overall effect for controlled trials was 0.46 (95% CI=-0.44-1.36, p<0.001), which favoured the control rather than treatment groups. Conclusions: This study highlights the need for additional large well-controlled trials of effective treatments for depression post-TBI. © 2013 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved: reproduction in whole or part not permitted.
A review of current evidence for vilazodone in major depressive disorder$$$ Objectives. This review is to inform clinicians of currently available data on vilazodone for treating patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), focusing on its diff erential action mechanism and extended clinical utility. Methods. A data search was conducted in June 2012 using the PubMed/MEDLINE/ relevant clinical trial databases with the key terms "vilazodone" or "Viibryd." Results. The effi cacy, safety, and tolerability of vilazodone have been demonstrated in two pivotal 8-week, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled studies. Certain pharmacological characteristics of vilazodone were observed, including early onset of action, fewer sexual side eff ects, the absence of known cardiac toxicity, and minimal eff ect on weight gain, that may provide potential clinical advantages compared with currently available antidepressants. However, such possibilities should be replicated and confirmed in more well-designed and adequately powered clinical trials. Vilazodone requires dose titration up to 2 weeks to reach a target dose of 40 mg/d due to high rate of gastrointestinal side eff ects. No direct comparative studies with other antidepressants are currently available to confi rm the aforementioned potential clinical utility. Conclusion. Vilazodone is a newer antidepressant possessing diff erent action mechanisms compared to currently available antidepressants but whether it has superiority to other class of antidepressants in terms of effi cacy and safety should still warrant further evaluation through more well-controlled and direct comparison clinical trials. © 2013 Informa Healthcare.
Acute pain management with intravenous 0.10 mg/kg vs. 0.15 mg/kg morphine sulfate in limb traumatized patients: A randomized double-blinded placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: We aimed to compare pain relief and safety of two doses of morphine in adult emergency department (ED) patients with acute limb trauma pain. Methods: A total of 200 adult ED patients over 20 years of age requiring opioid analgesia were randomly allocated to two groups. Following a first dose of intravenous morphine sulfate at 0.10 mg/kg, a randomized double-blind placebo-controlled trial of intravenous morphine sulfate at 0.05 mg/kg versus the same amount of placebo was performed. Measurement of visual analogue scale pain intensity and assessment of adverse effects were performed at baseline (before morphine at 0.10 mg/kg), 30 minutes from baseline (just before study drug administration), and at 60 minutes from baseline (30 minutes after study drug). Results: No significant difference was found between groups at 30 minutes from baseline. There was significant reduction in final pain after 1 hour in the 0.15 mg/kg compared to 0.10 mg/kg group (p<0.05). In addition, there was a significant improvement in the mean score of pain in the same group (p<0.05). The percent of pain reduction in the intervention and control group relative to the basic measures was 52.70% and 35.82%, respectively. Adverse effects were present in both groups; however, there was no statistically significant difference between groups. Conclusion: Using two doses of morphine instead of one is a safe and effective method for pain reduction in isolated limb trauma. We recommend performing a second injection of 0.05 mg/kg morphine 30 minutes after the initial standard dose of 0.10 mg/ kg to decrease pain in these patients. © 2013 TJTES.
Multimodal pain management for total hip arthroplasty$$$ Multimodal pain management uses a variety of pharmacological agents administered at different perioperative times to target both peripheral and central nerve transduction and the various biochemical pathways, enzymes and receptors that signal painful stimuli and inflammation. This article reviews the role of patient-controlled analgesia, peripheral nerve blocks, local periarticular injections and extended-release epidural morphine injections that can be used in a multidisciplinary approach to analgesia. By decreasing narcotic consumption and improving pain control, multimodal pain management can reduce the numerous adverse effects associated with increased opioid use and improve mobility with physical therapy, both of which can have a direct effect on decreasing length of stay and reducing serious perioperative complications. © 2013 Elsevier Inc.
Some recent trends and further promising directions in functional neurosurgery$$$ The field of functional neurosurgery has developed a number of recent innovative neuromodulatory approaches to treat disease that remains resistant to the best medical therapy. These include novel surgical techniques to intervene in motor and cognitive sequelae of refractory epilepsy, neurodegenerative disease, and certain psychiatric conditions. To a large extent, much of the innovation in our field continues to be driven by a systems-level understanding of the impact of disease on the brain. For example, several groups have exploited findings from neuroimaging work to identify a number of new potential neuromodulatory targets for the treatment of refractory depression. Ongoing discoveries at the cellular and molecular level promise targeted gene or drug delivery aimed at curing disease. Neurosurgeons will certainly remain at the forefront of translating these strategies into practical clinical applications. Several randomized trials are now underway to assess the safety and efficacy of a number of new approaches, and we will continue to acquire better knowledge of optimal patient selection, identification of the most effective neuromodulatory targets, and recognition of adverse effects as these studies progress. © 2013 Springer-Verlag Wien.
Transcranial direct current stimulation and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in consultation-liaison psychiatry$$$ Patients with clinical diseases often present psychiatric conditions whose pharmacological treatment is hampered due to hazardous interactions with the clinical treatment and/or disease. This is particularly relevant for major depressive disorder, the most common psychiatric disorder in the general hospital. In this context, nonpharmacological interventions could be useful therapies; and, among those, noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) might be an interesting option. The main methods of NIBS are repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), which was recently approved as a nonresearch treatment for some psychiatric conditions, and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), a technique that is currently limited to research scenarios but has shown promising results. Therefore, our aim was to review the main medical conditions associated with high depression rates, the main obstacles for depression treatment, and whether these therapies could be a useful intervention for such conditions. We found that depression is an important and prevalent comorbidity in a variety of diseases such as epilepsy, stroke, Parkinson's disease, myocardial infarction, cancer, and in other conditions such as pregnancy and in patients without enteral access. We found that treatment of depression is often suboptimal within the above contexts and that rTMS and tDCS therapies have been insufficiently appraised. We discuss whether rTMS and tDCS could have a significant impact in treating depression that develops within a clinical context, considering its unique characteristics such as the absence of pharmacological interactions, the use of a nonenteral route, and as an augmentation therapy for antidepressants.
Antidepressant augmentation using the N-methyl-d-aspartate antagonist memantine: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: Intravenous N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) antagonists have shown promising results in rapidly ameliorating depression symptoms, but placebo-controlled trials of oral NMDA antagonists as monotherapy have not observed efficacy. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial of the NMDA antagonist memantine as an augmentation treatment for patients with DSM-IV major depressive disorder. Method: Adult outpatients with major depressive disorder and partial response or nonresponse to their current antidepressant (as indicated by a 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score of ≥ 16 at baseline) were randomized (from July 2006-December 2011) to add memantine (flexible dose 5-20 mg/d, with all memantine group participants reaching the dose of 20 mg/d) (n = 15) or placebo (n = 16) to their existing treatment for 8 weeks. The primary outcome, change in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Score (MADRS), was evaluated with repeated-measures mixed effects models using last-observation-carried-forward methods. Secondary outcomes included other depression and anxiety rating scales, suicidal and delusional ideation, and other adverse effects. Results: 84% of participants completed the trial, including 93% of participants receiving memantine. Participants receiving memantine did not show a statistically or clinically significant change in MADRS scores compared to placebo, either over the entire study (β = 0.133, favoring placebo, P = .74) or at study completion (week 8 mean [SD] MADRS score change = -7.13 [6.61] [memantine]; -7.25 [11.14] [placebo]; P = .97). A minimal to small effect size (comparing change to baseline variability) favoring placebo was observed (Cohen d = 0.19). Similarly, no substantial effect sizes favoring memantine nor statistically significant between-group differences were observed on secondary efficacy outcomes. Conclusions: This trial did not detect significant statistical or effect size differences between memantine and placebo augmentation among nonresponders or poor responders to conventional antidepressants. While the small number of participants is a limitation, this study suggests memantine lacks substantial efficacy as an augmentation treatment for major depressive disorder. © Copyright 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
New brain stimulation methods in psychiatry: tDCS for the treatment of depression$$$ Objective: Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) has been investigated for the treatment of major depressive disorders in recent years. Here, we review the implications of current research for the clinical use of tDCS in the treatment of major depressive disorder. Materials and methods: Randomized, placebo-controlled clinical trials, openlabel trials, case reports and review articles from English-spoken journals were examined in an extensive and systematic literature search. The review articles were evaluated with regard to their clinical relevance. Results: Data of the review articles is inconsistent due to the heterogeneous patient samples and the partially high treatment resistance in some studies. A general statement about the efficacy of tDCS as a therapeutic tool in major depression seems not possible yet. Conclusions: tDCS is considered as a safe therapeutic option and is associated with only minor side effects. The effectiveness of tDCS decreases with resistance to treatment. Psychotropic drugs may attenuate or amplify its effects. The use of 2 mA current strength over 20 minutes per day over a short time span can be considered as safe.
The role of oxytocin in psychiatric disorders: A review of biological and therapeutic research findings$$$ Learning Objectives: After participating in this educational activity, the physician should be better able to 1. Identify the biological role of oxytocin in forming attachments. 2. Evaluate the relationship between various neuropsychiatric disorders and oxytocin. 3. Identify clinical implications of using oxytocin to treat various neuropsychiatric disorders. Oxytocin is a peptide hormone integral in parturition, milk letdown, and maternal behaviors that has been demonstrated in animal studies to be important in the formation of pair bonds and in social behaviors. This hormone is increasingly recognized as an important regulator of human social behaviors, including social decision making, evaluating and responding to social stimuli, mediating social interactions, and forming social memories. In addition, oxytocin is intricately involved in a broad array of neuropsychiatric functions and may be a common factor important in multiple psychiatric disorders such as autism, schizophrenia, and mood and anxiety disorders. This review article examines the extant literature on the evidence for oxytocin dysfunction in a variety of psychiatric disorders and highlights the need for further research to understand the complex role of the oxytocin system in psychiatric disease and thus pave the way for developing new therapeutic modalities. Articles were selected that involved human participants with various psychiatric disorders and that either compared oxytocin biology to healthy controls or examined the effects of exogenous oxytocin administration. © 2013 President and Fellows of Harvard College.
Efficacy and cognitive side effects after brief pulse and ultrabrief pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: A randomized, double-blind, controlled study$$$ Objective: To compare the efficacy and cognitive side effects of high-dose unilateral brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with those of high-dose unilateral ultrabrief pulse ECT in the treatment of major depression. Method: From April 2007 until March 2011, we conducted a prospective, double-blind, randomized multicenter trial in 3 tertiary psychiatric hospitals. All patients with a depressive disorder according to DSM-IV criteria were eligible. Depression severity was assessed with the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale; primary efficacy outcomes were response, defined as a score decrease ≥ 60% from baseline, and remission, defined as a score<10 at 2 consecutive weekly assessments. Total scores on the Autobiographical Memory Interview and Amsterdam Media Questionnaire were the primary outcome measures for retrograde amnesia. Other cognitive domains included category fluency (semantic memory) and letter fluency (lexical memory). Patients received twiceweekly unilateral brief pulse (1.0 millisecond) or ultrabrief pulse (0.3-0.4 millisecond) ECT 8 times seizure threshold until remission, for a maximum of 6 weeks. Results: Of the 116 patients, 75% (n = 87) completed the study. Among completers, 68.4% (26/58) of those in the brief pulse group achieved remission versus 49.0% (24/49) of those in the ultrabrief pulse group (P = .019), and the brief pulse group needed fewer treatment sessions to achieve remission: mean (SD) of 7.1 (2.6) versus 9.2 (2.3) sessions (P = .008). No significant group differences were found in the evaluation of the cognitive assessments. Conclusions: The efficacy and speed of remission seen with high-dose brief pulse right unilateral ECT twice weekly were superior to those seen with high-dose ultrabrief pulse right unilateral ECT, with equal cognitive side effects as defined by retrograde amnesia, semantic memory, and lexical memory. © Copyright 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Clinical trial in the treatment of 80 Iranian patients with major depression disorder by the combination of omega 3 fatty acid and a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor$$$ Objectives: Bipolar disorder type I is a disturbing psychiatric syndrome, which is treated by mood-stabilizing medications, psychosocial intervention and electroconvulsive therapy. As supplementation with omega 3 has been considered effective in the treatment of many diseases especially mental disorders, this study aimed at evaluating the effect of omega 3 with fluvoxamine compared with fluvoxamine alone in the treatment of the deep depression phase in bipolar patients type I. Methods: A total of 80 patients in this clinical trial study were selected using a randomized controlled trial in two case and control groups by a psychiatrist. The case group took fluvoxamine and omega 3 tablets and the control group took only fluvoxamine. Patients completed the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and demographic questionnaire at the beginning of the study and after 2, 4, 8 and 12 weeks. Results: The mean scores in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale in both groups under study after 2, 4, 8, 12 weeks decreased. Statistics showed a significant difference in scores in both groups before the treatment and after mentioned weeks. Conclusions: Since research findings showed the effectiveness of omega 3 and its harmlessness, it is suggested that omega 3 can be prescribed with other antidepressant medications. © The Author(s), 2013.
The multifactorial presentation of depression in acute care$$$ Depression is by its very nature a heterogeneous disorder; 2 patients with the same diagnosis (ie, major depressive disorder) may have few symptoms in common. This heterogeneity is evidenced by the fact that depression presents in a wide variety forms related to polarity (unipolar vs bipolar), symptoms (melancholic, atypical, psychotic, or anxious), onset (specific events, seasons, or age), recurrence, and severity. These diagnostic specifiers and subgroups can guide treatment decisions in several ways. For example, recognizing a specific depressive subtype in a patient can help the clinician select an appropriate treatment based on that patient's particular presentation. These subtypes can also guide treatment by helping the clinician and patient to identify and discuss factors that help or hinder the achievement of remission and recovery. Although depression specifiers and subtypes are subject to revision and change, many of them provide helpful information about recognition and treatment. © Copyright 2013 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Reduction of pain thresholds in fibromyalgia after very low-intensity magnetic stimulation: A double-blinded, randomized placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Exposure to electromagnetic fields has been reported to have analgesic and antinociceptive effects in several organisms. OBJECTIVE: To test the effect of very low-intensity transcranial magnetic stimulation on symptoms associated with fibromyalgia syndrome. METHODS: A double-blinded, placebo-controlled clinical trial was performed in the Sagrado Corazón Hospital, Seville, Spain. Female fibromyalgia patients (22 to 50 years of age) were randomly assigned to either a stimulation group or a sham group. The stimulation group (n=28) was stimulated using 8 Hz pulsed magnetic fields of very low intensity, while the sham group (n=26) underwent the same protocol without stimulation. Pressure pain thresholds before and after stimulation were determined using an algometer during the eight consecutive weekly sessions of the trial. In addition, blood serotonin levels were measured and patients completed questionnaires to monitor symptom evolution. RESULTS: A repeated-measures ANOVA indicated statistically significant improvement in the stimulation group compared with the control group with respect to somatosensory pain thresholds, ability to perform daily activities, perceived chronic pain and sleep quality. While improvement in pain thresholds was apparent after the first stimulation session, improvement in the other three measures occurred after the sixth week. No significant between-group differences were observed in scores of depression, fatigue, severity of headaches or serotonin levels. No adverse side effects were reported in any of the patients. CONCLUSIONS: Very low-intensity magnetic stimulation may represent a safe and effective treatment for chronic pain and other symptoms associated with fibromyalgia. ©2013 Pulsus Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Depression in Parkinson's Disease: An Update$$$ Depression is the most common psychological disturbance that affects people with Parkinson's disease (PD). Despite an increasing amount of research devoted to this topic, uncertainty still exists concerning many aspects of depression in PD. Significant questions remain regarding some very basic issues, including how best to diagnose depression in PD, how frequently depression complicates PD, the risk factors for developing depression, and how best to treat depression. This chapter provides a current perspective on what is known about depression in PD, reviewing its epidemiology, etiology, and treatment. Rather than providing a comprehensive overview, the focus here is on updating the major themes of research in this field. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013.
Psychosis$$$ An important unmet need in the care of Parkinson's disease (PD) is the prediction, prevention, and satisfactory treatment of PD-associated psychosis (PDP). Psychosis in PD is predominantly medication induced and all antiparkinsonian drugs in current use are capable of producing PDP. Dementia and depression are strong predictors of risk for the development of PDP. Hallucinations and delusions can occur at any time in the course of PD, but they are most commonly seen as a later complication in susceptible individuals. Visual hallucination is the most common feature of PDP, although other types of hallucination have also been reported. Delusions, particularly paranoid type, are less common but represent a more serious clinical problem. The mechanisms responsible for producing PDP are not fully elucidated but important advances have been made. Treatment should be approached in a stepwise manner. A triggering factor, such as infection, should be excluded first. Then careful tapering of antiparkinsonian medication, starting with adjunctive medication, should be undertaken. If increased motor disability prevents adequate dosage reduction, quetiapine is a reasonable first-choice antipsychotic agent followed by clozapine. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013.
Apathy in Parkinson's Disease$$$ Apathy is a common word used to describe an inner lack of motivation that is distinct from a depressive condition, cognitive impairment, fatigue, or emotional sorrow. Apathy can be an isolated syndrome or a prominent feature found in depression and post-injury events such as stroke or trauma, infectious or metabolic comorbidities in neurodegenerative conditions (e.g., dementias, movement disorders), schizophrenia, and other systemic illness. Because of these, despite its estimated high prevalence, misdiagnosis of apathy as a syndrome is frequent and probably underestimated. Because apathetic patients, by definition, are non-complainers, Parkinson's disease (PD) patients will often first acknowledge the presence of motor impairment, and even other behavioral symptoms, cognitive compromise, and worsening of quality of life before complaining of lack of motivation or loss of interest. The differentiation between apathy, fatigue, and depression also can become a challenge due to the overlap of symptoms. © Springer Science+Business Media New York 2013.
Comparing the effects of propofol-ketamine to propofol-saline on myalgia post electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background and purpose: Myalgia is among the relatively common side effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Positive preventive analgesic effects of ketamine in surgical patients have been studied. However, the effects of ketamine on post-ECT myalgia are unclear. This study aimed to examine the effects of ketamine on myalgia in patients with depressive disorder who underwent ECT. Materials and methods: According to the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders forth edition (DSM-IV) criteria, 50 major depressive patients were included in a double blinded, cross-sectional clinical study at the second and third ECT sessions. They were randomly allocated into induction of anesthesia either with propofol 1 mg/kg plus ketamine 0.3mg/kg or with propofol 1 mg/kg plus 2ml 0.9% saline in first study ECT session and vice versa in the next ECT session. Paralysis was achieved with 0.5 mg/kg succinylcholine in two sessions. Assessments included post ECT myalgia, seizure duration, and hemodynamic profile. Results: There were 50 patients, with a mean age of 37.8 years, who underwent 100 ECT sessions. The mean duration of seizures in the ketamine and saline group was 28 and 29 seconds, respectively, and the difference was not statistically significant. Ketamine did not significantly reduce the myalgia in compared to the placebo. Conclusion: Based on the results of our study, adding ketamine to propofol for induction of anesthesia in patients with major depression who undergo ECT has no effects on seizure duration and post ECT myalgia.
Identifying brain imaging correlates of clinical response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression$$$ Background: Partial response and non-response to treatments are common problems in major depression. The identification of biological markers of clinical response may be of special interest for some adjunctive treatments, such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), as it may ultimately improve their cost-effectiveness. Objective: To identify pre-treatment functional imaging correlates of clinical response to rTMS in major depression. Methods: We evaluated 21 depressed patients. They were randomized to receive 15 sessions of active or sham rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) was used to assess pre-treatment regional brain activity evoked by a word generation task. These regional activations were correlated (voxel-wise) with the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) reduction between baseline and end of treatment. A group of 13 healthy controls was also assessed using the same fMRI protocol to obtain reference imaging measurements. Results: At the end of treatment, the percentage of patients with a HAM-D reduction greater than 50% was larger in the active than in the sham rTMS group (70% vs. 27.3%). In the active rTMS group, larger HAM-D reductions were significantly correlated with smaller deactivations during pre-treatment fMRI assessment in the anterior cingulate, the left medial orbitofrontal and the right middle frontal cortices, in addition to larger activations in the left ventral-caudal putamen. Conclusions: These results suggest that brain activity in regions arguably relevant for major depression may predict clinical response to rTMS. This approach may help in identifying the most suitable candidates to undergo rTMS treatment. © 2013 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of lamotrigine on human motor cortex plasticity$$$ Objective: Besides its use in epilepsy, lamotrigine (LTG) is also effective as mood stabilizer. The pathophysiology of mood disorders may incorporate a dysfunction of neuronal plasticity and animal experiments suggest that mood stabilizers influence induction of long-term potentiation (LTP) and -depression (LTD), two major forms of synaptic plasticity. However, the exact modes of action of LTG and its impact on neuronal plasticity in humans remain unclear. Methods: Here, we tested the effects of a single oral dose of LTG (300mg) on motor cortical plasticity induced by paired associative stimulation (PAS25), a protocol that typically induces LTP-like plasticity, in 26 young healthy adults in a placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind crossover design. We stratified analysis of the LTG effects according to the individual PAS25 response in the placebo session (14 LTP-responders vs. 12 LTD-responders). Plasticity was indexed by motor evoked potential (MEP) amplitudes recorded before and for 60min after PAS25. Results: LTG resulted in a significant reduction of the LTP-like MEP increase in the LTP-responders and a reduction of the LTD-like MEP decrease in the LTD-responders, with the majority of LTD-responders even showing an MEP increase. Conclusions: In summary, LTG differentially modulated cortical plasticity induced by non-invasive brain stimulation in human subjects depending on their individual intrinsic propensity for expressing LTP-like or LTD-like plasticity. Significance: Findings contribute to our understanding of the anticonvulsant and antidepressant clinical effects of LTG, which have been suggested to occur, at least in part, through downregulation of LTP (epilepsy) and LTD (depressive disorders). © 2012 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology.
Unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex does not affect cognition in patients with fibromyalgia$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) induces changes in neuronal activity that may affect cognition. We assessed cognitive functions, in patients with fibromyalgia participating in a sham-controlled randomized trial of rTMS for pain management. We randomly assigned 38 non depressed fibromyalgia patients (American College of Rheumatology criteria) to the active (n = 20) and sham (n = 18) rTMS treatment groups, in a double-blind manner. rTMS was applied to the left primary motor cortex (10 Hz at 80% of rest motor threshold). Neuropsychological tests were performed immediately before stimulation, to evaluate episodic memory, selective and divided attention and executive functions at baseline, week 3 (after 7 rTMS sessions) and week 11 (after 11 rTMS sessions). The actively treated and sham-treated groups were similar in terms of clinical and neuropsychological variables at baseline. No difference in overall neuropsychological performance with respect to baseline was found between these two groups, but a significant improvement over time was observed in the rTMS group, for several measurements of attention/executive function (the Symbol Digit Modalities Test and the Stroop Color Word Test).Unilateral rTMS of the motor cortex over a three-month period did not modify cognitive functions in patients with chronic pain. rTMS may have mild beneficial cognitive effects, but confirmation is required in larger groups of patients. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Clinical utility of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for treating major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials$$$ Objective: tDCS is a promising novel therapeutic intervention for major depression (MD). However, clinical trials to date have reported conflicting results concerning its efficacy, which likely resulted from low statistical power. Thus, we carried out a systematic review and meta-analysis on randomized, double-blind and controlled trials of tDCS in MD with a focus on clinically relevant outcomes, namely response and remission rates. Method: We searched the literature for English language randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) on tDCS for treating MD from 1998 through July 2012 using MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials and SCOPUS. We also consulted the Web of Science's Citations Index Expanded for the selected RCTs up to July 2012. The main outcome measures were response and remission rates. We used a random-effects model and Odds Ratios (OR). Results: Data were obtained from 6 RCTs that included a total of 200 subjects with MD. After an average of 10.8 ± 3.76 tDCS sessions, no significant difference was found between active and sham tDCS in terms of both response (23.3% [24/103] vs. 12.4% [12/97], respectively; OR = 1.97; 95% CI = 0.85-4.57; p = 0.11) and remission (12.2% [12/98] vs. 5.4% [5/92], respectively; OR = 2.13; 95% CI = 0.64-7.06; p = 0.22). Also, no differences between mean baseline depression scores and dropout rates in the active and sham tDCS groups were found. Furthermore, sensitivity analyses excluding RCTs that involved less than 10 treatment sessions or stimulus intensity of less than 2 mA did not alter the findings. However, tDCS used as monotherapy was associated with higher response rates when compared to sham tDCS (p = 0.043). Finally, the risk of publication bias in this meta-analysis was found to be low. Conclusions: The clinical utility of tDCS as a treatment for MD remains unclear when clinically relevant outcomes such as response and remission rates are considered. Future studies should include larger and more representative samples, investigate how tDCS compares to other therapeutic neuromodulation techniques, as well as identify optimal stimulation parameters. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Poor health-related quality of life prior to ECT in depressed patients normalizes with sustained remission after ECT$$$ Background: Health-related quality of life (HRQOL) is diminished in depressed adult outpatients and especially impaired among depressed patients referred for ECT. We compare pretreatment HRQOL in ECT and non-ECT depressed patients from two large samples, and examined whether sustained remission in depressive symptoms after ECT is associated with normalization of HRQOL. Methods: HRQOL was measured with the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form 36 (SF36) before ECT and 6 months after ECT in an effectiveness (n=286) and an efficacy (n=243) clinical trial. Results: ECT patients had very low baseline SF36 scores. With one exception, SF36 subscale scores in both trials were significantly lower than those of depressed outpatients. A minority of patients in both trials entered and sustained remission over the 24 week timeframe. Among sustained remitters, average SF36 scores were no different from normative scores of the general adult population, except that in the effectiveness study ECT patients reported less Bodily Pain (p<0.05) and better Mental Health (p<0.05), while in the efficacy study ECT patients reported more difficulty with Role-Emotional (p<0.01). Limitations: Only a modest number of patients were observed in sustained remission. Conclusions: HRQOL is very poor in patients referred for ECT. Depressed patients who experience sustained remission after ECT, however, can expect improvement in their quality of life that leaves many in a position indistinguishable from the general adult population. © 2013 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The expanding evidence base for rTMS treatment of depression$$$ Purpose of Review: Daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for several weeks was first proposed as an acute treatment for depression in the early 1990s, and was Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved in 2008. In the past year, several important studies have been published that extend our understanding of this novel treatment approach. Recent Findings: The first round of multisite clinical trials with TMS addressed whether prefrontal rTMS has efficacy and were conducted in carefully selected depressed patients who were antidepressant medication free. Several more recent studies assess the clinical effectiveness of TMS and report that about 35-40% of real-world patients who are commonly taking adjunctive antidepressants reach remission with a modest side effect profile. There are also new studies examining the durability of the TMS-induced antidepressant effect. Fifty-eight percent of TMS remitters remain remitted at 3-month follow-up. Summary: These recent studies suggest that daily left prefrontal TMS over several weeks as a treatment for depression not only appears to have efficacy in rigorous randomized controlled trials, but is effective in real-world settings, with remission in 30-40% of patients. The TMS antidepressant effect, once achieved, appears to be as durable as with other antidepressant medications or interventions. Much more research is needed, particularly with issues such as the TMS coil location, stimulation intensity and frequency, and dosing strategy. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Long-term depression-like plasticity of the blink reflex for the treatment of blepharospasm$$$ Our previous work showed a beneficial therapeutic effect on blepharospasm using slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, which produces a long-term depression (LTD)-like effect. High-frequency supraorbital electrical stimulation, asynchronous with the R2 component of the blink reflex, can also induce LTD-like effects on the blink reflex circuit in healthy subjects. Patients with blepharospasm have reduced inhibition of their blink recovery curves; therefore, a LTD-like intervention might normalize the blink reflex recovery (BRR) and have a favorable therapeutic effect. This is a randomized, sham-controlled, observer-blinded prospective study. In 14 blepharospasm patients, we evaluated the effects of high-frequency supraorbital stimulation on three separate treatment days. We applied 28 trains of nine stimuli, 400 Hz, either before or after the R2 or used sham stimulation. The primary outcome was the blink rate, number of spasms rated by a blinded physician and patient rating before, immediately after and 1 hour after stimulation while resting, reading, and talking; secondary outcome was the BRR. Stimulation "before" and "after" the R2 both showed a similar improvement as sham stimulation in physician rating, but patients felt significantly better with the before condition. Improvement in recovery of the blink reflex was noted only in the before condition. Clinical symptoms differed in the three baseline conditions (resting, reading, and talking). Stimulation before R2 increased inhibition in trigeminal blink reflex circuits in blepharospasm toward normal values and produced subjective, but not objective, improvement. Inhibition of the blink reflex pathway by itself appeared to be insufficient for a useful therapeutic effect. © 2013 Movement Disorder Society.
A 6-week randomized controlled trial with 4-week follow-up of acupuncture combined with paroxetine in patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Acupuncture possesses the antidepressant potential. In this 6-week randomized controlled trial with 4-week follow-up, 160 patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) were randomly assigned to paroxetine (PRX) alone (. n = 48) or combined with 18 sessions of manual acupuncture (MA, n = 54) or electrical acupuncture (EA, n = 58). Treatment outcomes were measured mainly using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17), Self-rating Depression Scale (SDS), clinical response and remission rates. Average PRX dose taken and proportion of patients who required an increased PRX dose due to symptom aggravation were also obtained. Both additional MA and EA produced a significantly greater reduction from baseline in score on HAMD-17 and SDS at most measure points from week 1 through week 6 compared to PRX alone. The clinical response was markedly greater in MA (69.8%) and EA (69.6%) groups than the group treated with PRX alone (41.7%, P = 0.004). The proportion of patients who required an increase dose of PRX due to symptom aggravation was significantly lower with MA (5.7%) and EA (8.9%) than PRX alone (22.9%, P = 0.019). At 4 weeks follow-up after completion of acupuncture treatment, patients with EA, but not MA, continued to show significantly greater clinical improvement. Incidence of adverse events was not different in the three groups. Our study indicates that acupuncture can accelerate the clinical response to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and prevent the aggravation of depression. Electrical acupuncture may have a long-lasting enhancement of the antidepressant effects (Trial Registration: ChiCTR-TRC-08000278). © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD): An exploratory meta-analysis of randomized and sham-controlled trials$$$ Objective: Randomized and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) have yielded conflicting results that may be due to limited statistical power among individual studies. We pursued the present systematic review and meta-analysis to assess the efficacy of rTMS for OCD and to generate hypotheses for more robustly powered RCTs. Method: We searched the literature for RCTs on rTMS for OCD from 1995 through December 2012 using MEDLINE, EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and SCOPUS. We then performed an exploratory random-effects meta-analysis with the main outcome measures as pre-post changes in Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) scores, response to treatment and overall dropout rates at study end. Results: Data were obtained from 10 RCTs, totaling 282 subjects with OCD. The pooled Hedges' g for pre-post Y-BOCS scores was 0.59 (z=2.73, p=0.006), indicating a significant and medium-sized difference in outcome favoring active rTMS. Furthermore, response rates were 35% and 13% for patients receiving active and sham rTMS, respectively (OR=3.4, p=0.002). Sub-group analyses indicated that LF-rTMS and rTMS protocols targeting non-DLPFC regions (i.e., orbitofrontal cortex or supplementary motor area) seem to be the most promising for reducing OCD-related symptoms. No differences on baseline depression scores or dropout rates at study end were observed between active and sham rTMS groups, although OCD severity at baseline was higher in the active group. Conclusions: Our exploratory analyses show that active rTMS seems to be efficacious for treating OCD. Moreover, LF-rTMS and protocols targeting the orbitofrontal cortex or the supplementary motor area seem to be the most promising. Nevertheless, future RCTs on rTMS for OCD should include larger sample sizes and be more homogeneous in terms of demographic/clinical variables as well as stimulation parameters and brain targets. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
Daily repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of primary motor cortex for neuropathic pain: A randomized, multicenter, double-blind, crossover, sham-controlled trial$$$ There is little evidence for multisession repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on pain relief in patients with neuropathic pain (NP), although single-session rTMS was suggested to provide transient pain relief in NP patients. We aimed to assess the efficacy and safety of 10 daily rTMS in NP patients. We conducted a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled, crossover study at 7 centers. Seventy NP patients were randomly assigned to 2 groups. A series of 10 daily 5-Hz rTMS (500 pulses/session) of primary motor cortex (M1) or sham stimulation was applied to each patient with a follow-up of 17 days. The primary outcome was short-term pain relief assessed using a visual analogue scale (VAS). The secondary outcomes were short-term change in the short form of the McGill pain questionnaire (SF-MPQ), cumulative changes in the following scores (VAS, SF-MPQ, the Patient Global Impression of Change scale [PGIC], and the Beck Depression Inventory [BDI]), and the incidence of adverse events. Analysis was by intention to treat. This trial is registered with the University hospital Medical Information Network Clinical Trials Registry. Sixty-four NP patients were included in the intention-to-treat analysis. The real rTMS, compared with the sham, showed significant short-term improvements in VAS and SF-MPQ scores without a carry-over effect. PGIC scores were significantly better in real rTMS compared with sham during the period with daily rTMS. There were no significant cumulative improvements in VAS, SF-MPQ, and BDI. No serious adverse events were observed. Our findings demonstrate that daily high-frequency rTMS of M1 is tolerable and transiently provides modest pain relief in NP patients. © 2013 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Longstanding neuropathic pain after spinal cord injury is refractory to transcranial direct current stimulation: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Neuropathic pain remains one of the most difficult consequences of spinal cord injury (SCI) to manage. It is a major cause of suffering and adds to the physical, emotional, and societal impact of the injury. Despite the use of the best available treatments, two thirds of people experiencing neuropathic pain after SCI do not achieve satisfactory pain relief. This study was undertaken in response to a recent clinical trial reporting short-term, clinically significant reductions in neuropathic SCI pain with primary motor cortex transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). In this investigation, we aimed to build on this previous clinical trial by extending the assessment period to determine the short-, medium-, and long-term efficacy of tDCS for the treatment of neuropathic pain after SCI. We found that, contrary to previous reports, after 5 tDCS treatment periods, mean pain intensity and unpleasantness rating were not significantly different from initial assessment. That is, in this trial tDCS did not provide any pain relief in subjects with neuropathic SCI pain (n = 10). A similar lack of effect was also seen after sham treatment. Because the injury duration in this study was significantly greater than that of previous investigations, it is possible that tDCS is an effective analgesic only in individuals with relatively recent injuries and pain. Future investigations comparing a range of injury durations are required if we are to determine whether this is indeed the case. © 2013 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A new early cognitive screening measure to detect cognitive side-effects of electroconvulsive therapy?$$$ Cognitive side-effects from electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can be distressing for patients and early detection may have an important role in guiding treatment decisions over the ECT course. This prospective study examined the utility of an early cognitive screening battery for predicting cognitive side-effects which develop later in the ECT course. The screening battery, together with the Mini Mental Status Examination (MMSE), was administered to 123 patients at baseline and after 3 ECT treatments. A more detailed cognitive battery was administered at baseline, after six treatments (post ECT 6) and after the last ECT treatment (post treatment) to assess cognitive side-effects across several domains: global cognition, anterograde memory, executive function, speed and concentration, and retrograde memory. Multivariate analyses examined the predictive utility of change on items from the screening battery for later cognitive changes at post ECT 6 and post treatment. Results showed that changes on a combination of items from the screening battery were predictive of later cognitive changes at post treatment, particularly for anterograde memory ( p<0.01), after controlling for patient and treatment factors. Change on the MMSE predicted cognitive changes at post ECT 6 but not at post treatment. A scoring method for the new screening battery was tested for discriminative ability in a sub-sample of patients. This study provides preliminary evidence that a simple and easy-to-administer measure may potentially be used to help guide clinical treatment decisions to optimise efficacy and cognitive outcomes. Further development of this measure and validation in a more representative ECT clinical population is required. © 2013 Elsevier Ltd.
A systematic review and meta-analysis on the efficacy and acceptability of bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating major depression.$$$ Bilateral repetitive magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a promising novel therapeutic intervention for major depression (MD). However, clinical trials to date have reported conflicting evidence concerning its overall efficacy, which might have resulted from low statistical power. Thus, meta-analytical approaches could be useful in examining this issue by allowing the integration of findings from multiple studies and thus producing more accurate estimates of the treatment effect. We searched the literature for randomized, double-blind and sham-controlled trials (RCTs) on bilateral rTMS for treating MD from 1995 to July 2012 using EMBASE, PsycINFO, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, SCOPUS, and ProQuest Dissertations and Theses, and from October 2008 until May 2012 using Medline. The main outcome measures were response and remission rates. We used a random-effects model, odds ratios (ORs) and the number needed to treat. Data were obtained from seven RCTs, totaling 279 subjects with MD. After an average of 12.9 (s.d. = 2.7) sessions, 24.7% (40/162) and 6.8% (8/117) of subjects receiving active bilateral rTMS and sham rTMS were classified as responders [OR 4.3, 95% confidence interval (CI) 1.95-9.52, p < 0.0001]. Also, 19% (23/121) and 2.6% (2/77) of subjects were remitters following active bilateral rTMS and sham rTMS, respectively (OR 6.0, 95% CI 1.65-21.8, p = 0.006). No difference between baseline mean depression scores for the bilateral and sham rTMS groups was found, and the former was comparable with the latter in terms of drop-out rates at study end. Furthermore, we did not find significant differences efficacy- and acceptability-wise between active bilateral and unilateral rTMS at study end. Finally, heterogeneity between the included RCTs was not significant, and the risk of publication bias was found to be low. Bilateral rTMS is a promising treatment for MD as it provides clinically meaningful benefits that are comparable with those of standard antidepressants and unilateral rTMS. Furthermore, bilateral rTMS seems to be an acceptable treatment for depressed subjects.
Randomized trial of transcranial direct current stimulation and hearing aids for tinnitus management$$$ Background. The perception of sound in the absence of an external sound is tinnitus. Tinnitus can have a severe negative impact on quality of life.
Pharmacological, experimental therapeutic, and transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments for compulsivity and impulsivity$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) has been recently drawn apart from anxiety disorder by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 5th edition (DSM-5) and clustered together with related disorders (eg, hoarding, hair pulling disorder, skin picking), which with it seems to share clinical and neurophysiological similarities. Recent literature has mainly explored brain circuitries (eg, orbitofrontal cortex, striatum), molecular pathways, and genes (eg, Hoxb8, Slitrk5, Sapap3) that represent the new target of the treatments; they also lead the development of new probes and compounds. In the therapeutic field, monotherapy with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) is recommendable, but combination or augmentation with a dopaminergic or glutamatergic agent is often adopted. A promising therapy for OCD is represented by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), which is suitable to treat compulsivity and impulsivity depending on the protocol of stimulation and the brain circuitries targeted.
Individual music therapy for mental health care clients with low therapy motivation: Multicentre randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Music therapy (MT) has been shown to be efficacious for mental health care clients with various disorders such as schizophrenia, depression and substance abuse. Referral to MT in clinical practice is often based on other factors than diagnosis. We aimed to examine the effectiveness of resource-oriented MT for mental health care clients with low motivation for other therapies. Method: This was a pragmatic parallel trial. In specialised centres in Norway, Austria and Australia, 144 adults with non-organic mental disorders and low therapy motivation were randomised to 3 months of biweekly individual, resource-oriented MT plus treatment as usual (TAU) or TAU alone. TAU was typically intensive (71% were inpatients) and included the best combination of therapies available for each participant, excluding MT. Blinded assessments of the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS) and 15 secondary outcomes were collected before randomisation and after 1, 3 and 9 months. Changes were analysed on an intention-to-treat basis using generalised estimating equations in longitudinal linear models, controlling for diagnosis, site and time point. Results: MT was superior to TAU for total negative symptoms (SANS, d = 0.54, p < 0.001) as well as functioning, clinical global impressions, social avoidance through music, and vitality (all p < 0.01). Conclusion: Individual MT as conducted in routine practice is an effective addition to usual care for mental health care clients with low motivation.
Clinical practice guideline: The diagnosis and treatment of bipolar disorder-recommendations from the current S3 guideline$$$ Background: Bipolar disorder is a serious mental illness, characterized by frequent recurrences and major comorbidities. Its consequences can include suicide. Methods: An S3 guideline for the treatment of bipolar disorder was developed on the basis of a systematic literature search, evaluation of the retrieved publications, and a formal consensus-finding procedure. Several thousand publications were screened, and 611 were included in the analysis, including 145 randomized controlled trials (RCT). Results: Bipolar disorder should be diagnosed as early as possible. The most extensive evidence is available for pharmacological monotherapy; there is little evidence for combination therapy, which is nonetheless commonly given. The appropriate treatment may include long-term maintenance treatment, if indicated. The treatment of mania should begin with one of the recommended mood stabilizers or antipsychotic drugs; the number needed to treat (NNT) is 3 to 13 for three weeks of treatment with lithium or atypical antipsychotic drugs. The treatment of bipolar depression should begin with quetiapine (NNT = 5 to 7 for eight weeks of treatment), unless the patient is already under mood-stabilizing treatment that can be optimized. Further options in the treatment of bipolar depression are the recommended mood stabilizers, atypical antipsychotic drugs, and antidepressants. For maintenance treatment, lithium should be used preferentially (NNT = 14 for 12 months of treatment and 3 for 24 months of treatment), although other mood stabilizers or atypical antipsychotic drugs can be given as well. Psychotherapy (in addition to any pharmacological treatment) is recommended with the main goals of long-term stabilization, prevention of new episodes, and management of suicidality. In view of the current mental health care situation in Germany and the findings of studies from other countries, it is clear that there is a need for prompt access to need-based, complex and multimodal care structures. Patients and their families need to be adequately informed and should participate in psychiatric decision-making. Conclusion: Better patient care is needed to improve the course of the disease, resulting in better psychosocial function. There is a need for further high-quality clinical trials on topics relevant to routine clinical practice.
Cardiovascular responses are similar in bifrontal and bitemporal ECT$$$ Aims and Objectives: Most research in the field of ECT has focused on reducing cognitive side effect without compromising therapeutic efficacy. In this context bifrontal electrode placement (BFECT) has shown promise. In depression there is evidence that BFECT is either equally effective or superior to bitemporal ECT (BTECT). In acute mania and schizophrenia, BFECT has greater efficacy than BTECT. Greater hemodynamic response (e.g., increase in heart rate and blood pressure) during ECT is associated with greater therapeutic benefits. This is linked to possible generalization of seizure in central autonomic network. In a study comparing the efficacy of BFECT and BTECT in schizophrenia, we examined if there is any difference in the hemodynamic response between the two electrode placements. Methodology: Of 122 patients who were randomized to receive either BFECT or BTECT, 114 completed the study. We recorded pulse and blood pressure of patients just before induction of anesthesia, after the induction of anesthesia but just before electrical stimulation, during convulsion, 1 min following cessation of seizure and 2 min following seizure during 2nd ECT session in 88 patients. At each of these 5 time points, we calculated the rate-pressure product (RPP) by multiplying heart rate and systolic blood pressure. Complete data was available for 51 in BFECT and 37 in BTECT. Results: The RPP was significantly higher during the ictal and post-ictal recordings (repeated measures ANOVA, time effect: F =50.71; df=4,332; P<0.001). However, there was no difference in RPP across time points between those receiving BFECT and BTECT (group effect: F =0.459; df=83; P=0.5). There was no difference in maximum heart rate [mean (SD) for BFECT and BTECT=127.04 (26.3) and 127.89 (22) respectively; t=0.161; P=0.87)], maximum systolic blood pressure [mean (SD) for BFECT and BTECT=165.74 (24.5) and 161.29; (26.1) t=0.819; P=0.415)], maximum rate pressure product [mean (SD) for BFECT and BTECT groups=20768 (6719.7) and 20217; (5991.1) t=0.397; P=0.693), maximum rise in heart rate [mean (SD) for BFECT and BTECT=23.96 (26.6) and 23.81; (21.1) t=0.028; P=0.977)] and maximum rise in RPP [mean (SD) for BFECT and BTECT=6799 (6434.1) and 7223; (5395.8) t=0.326; P=0.746)]. Conclusions: Patients receiving ECT with these two electrode placements experienced similar hemodynamic changes during ECT. It has two implications[1] BFECT's reported superiority over BTECT seems to be associated with no additional increase in cardiovascular load;[2] frontal lobe stimulation alone has greater therapeutic relevance in schizophrenia than seizure generalization. Greater increase in cerebral blood supply to frontal lobe reported during BFECT may have relevance in explaining the latter aspect.
Antisaccades as a follow-up tool in major depressive disorder therapies: A pilot study$$$ Eight patients with major depression, included in a double-blind study, performed an antisaccade task. Results suggested a link between antisaccade performances and clinical scale scores in patients who respond to therapy. Moreover, error rates may well predict response from day of inclusion, thus serving as a state-marker for mood disorders. © 2012 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
Neuropsychological and mood effects of ketamine in electroconvulsive therapy: A randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Preliminary evidence suggests that the use of ketamine during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) may be neuroprotective against cognitive impairment and have synergistic antidepressant effects. This study tested whether the addition of ketamine reduced cognitive impairment and enhanced efficacy over a course of ECT, in a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind study. Methods: Fifty-one depressed patients treated with ultrabrief pulse-width right unilateral ECT were randomised to receive either ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) or placebo (saline) in addition to thiopentone during anaesthesia for ECT. Neuropsychological outcomes (measured before ECT, after six treatments, and after the final ECT treatment) and mood outcomes (measured before ECT, and weekly after every three ECT treatments) were measured by a rater blinded to treatment condition. Results: Neuropsychological outcomes did not differ between groups. The ECT-ketamine group had a slightly greater improvement in depressive symptoms over the first week of treatment and at one-week follow up, though there was no overall difference in efficacy at the end of the ECT course. No psychomimetic effects were detected. Limitations: The study was conducted in a clinical setting, so not all aspects of ECT treatment were fully controlled. Thiopentone doses differed slightly between groups, in order to accommodate the addition of ketamine to the anaesthetic. Conclusions: The addition of ketamine did not decrease cognitive impairment in patients having ultrabrief pulse-width right unilateral ECT, but was safe and slightly improved efficacy in the first week of treatment and at one-week follow up. Clinical trials registration: Clinicaltrials.gov ID: NCT00680433. Ketamine as an anaesthetic agent in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). www.clinicaltrials.gov © 2012 Elsevier B.V.
Fatigue in multiple sclerosis - A brief review$$$ Fatigue is the most common and debilitating symptom in multiple sclerosis (MS) and is believed to be distinctly different from fatigue seen in other chronic conditions. It can affect a patient's mood, sleep and have a detrimental effect on their quality of life. In the recent years much literature has emerged in an attempt to elucidate the potential causes and treatment of this common symptom. This review article aims to examine the most recent theories on the pathophysiology of fatigue in MS as well as its association with sleep and depression. We describe the pharmacological and non-pharmacological approaches to its treatment and propose a multidisciplinary, patient enabled and individualised manner to the management of fatigue in MS. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The animal models of dementia and Alzheimer's disease for pre-clinical testing and clinical translation$$$ Dementia is a clinical syndrome with abnormal degree of memory loss and impaired ability to recall events from the past often characterized by Alzheimer's disease. The various strategies to treat dementia need validation of novel compounds in suitable animal models for testing their safety and efficacy. These may include novel anti-amnesic drugs derived from synthetic chemistry or those derived from traditional herbal sources. Multiple approaches have been adopted to create reliable animal models ranging from rodents to non-human primates, where the animals are exposed to a predetermined injury or causing genetic ablation across specific regions of brain suspected to affect learning functions. In this review various animal models for Alzheimer's disease and treatment strategies in development of anti dementia drugs are discussed and an attempt has been made to provide a comprehensive report of the latest developments in the field. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Equivalent brain SPECT perfusion changes underlying therapeutic efficiency in pharmacoresistant depression using either high-frequency left or low-frequency right prefrontal rTMS$$$ Background: Functional neuroimaging studies have suggested similar mechanisms underlying antidepressant effects of distinct therapeutics. Objective: This study aimed to determine and compare functional brain patterns underlying the antidepressant response of 2 distinct protocols of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Methods: 99mTc-ECD SPECT was performed before and after rTMS of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in 61 drug-resistant right-handed patients with major depression, using high frequency (10. Hz) left-side stimulation in 33 patients, and low frequency (1. Hz) right-side stimulation in 28 patients. Efficiency of rTMS response was defined as at least 50% reduction of the baseline Beck Depression Inventory score. We compared the whole-brain voxel-based brain SPECT changes in perfusion after rTMS, between responders and non-responders in the whole sample (p < 0.005, uncorrected), and separately in the subgroup of patients with left- and right-stimulation. Results: Before rTMS, the left- and right-prefrontal stimulation groups did not differ from clinical data and brain SPECT perfusion. rTMS efficiency (evaluated on % of responders) was statistically equivalent in the two groups of patients. In the whole-group of responder patients, a perfusion decrease was found after rTMS, in comparison to non-responders, within the left perirhinal cortex (BA35, BA36). This result was secondarily confirmed separately in the two subgroups, i.e. after either left stimulation (p = 0.017) or right stimulation (p < 0.001), without significant perfusion differences between these two subgroups. Conclusions: These data show that distinct successful rTMS protocols induce equivalent brain functional changes associated to antidepressive efficiency, consisting to a remote brain limbic activity decrease within the left perirhinal cortex. However, these results will have to be confirmed in a double-blind randomized trial using a sham control group. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Low-vs high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on treatment for refractory depression$$$ Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) seems to be effective as an antidepressant, however, some confusion remains about the best parameters to apply and the efficacy of its association with pharmacological antidepressant treatments. Method: In a single blind randomized study 14 patients with unipolar resistant depression to one antidepressant treatment were enrolled to receive, in combination with venlafaxine (150 mg), either 20 sessions of 10 Hz rTMS (2000 pulses per session) applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) or 20 sessions of 1 Hz rTMS (120 stimulations per sessions) applied over the right DLPFC. Results: A similar antidepressant effect was observed in both groups with a comparable antidepressant delay of action (2 weeks) and a comparable number of responders (MADRS < 15) after 4 weeks of daily rTMS sessions (66 vs 50%). Conclusion: Low- and high- frequency rTMS seems to be effective as an add-on treatment to venlafaxine as monotherapy in pharmacological refractory major depression (stage 1). Due to its short duration (one session of 1 Hz rTMS lasts 4min vs 16 for 10 Hz rTMS) and its safety, low frequency rTMS may be a useful alternative treatment for patients with refractory depression. © 2012 Eche, Mondino, Hae-sebaert, Saoud, Poulet and Brunelin.
Current pharmacological treatments for tinnitus$$$ Introduction: Tinnitus, the phantom perception of sound, is a highly prevalent disorder and treatment is elusive. Areas covered: This review focuses on clinical research regarding pharmacological treatments for tinnitus. The authors searched PubMed databases for English language articles related to pharmacological treatment of tinnitus, published through August 2012. The keywords tinnitus AND pharmacological treatment" and "tinnitus AND drugs" were used. The search focused on clinical trials, but was complemented by other articles and information from clinical trial registries. Expert opinion: Despite the significant unmet clinical need for a safe and effective drug for tinnitus relief, there is currently no EMA- or FDA-approved drug on the market. Even a drug that produces a small but significant effect would have a huge therapeutic impact. At present, evidence-based pharmacological approaches are limited to the treatment of comorbidities such as depression, anxiety, or insomnia. In the last few years there have been significant advances in the understanding of the pathophysiology of the different forms of tinnitus, the establishment of valid animal models, and the development of clinical trial methodology. A glimpse of hope is appearing in the horizon as an increasing number of pharmaceutical industries now have compounds targeting tinnitus in their pipeline. © Informa UK, Ltd.
Physical treatments$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most effective treatment available for severe depression, with a remission rate of 60%. It is a safe procedure and the major medical risks are related to anaesthesia (mortality 1:80,000). Early use of ECT is associated with shorter and less costly hospital stays and it is reported to enhance health-related quality of life and activities of daily living. Bilateral ECT is more powerful than low-dose unilateral ECT but is associated with more effects on cognitive function. The precise mechanism of action of ECT is not yet known, but in animal models it up-regulates neurotrophic factors and induces hippocampal neurogenesis and synaptogenesis. Recent evidence suggests that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for moderate depression when compared to placebo treatment alone. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS) remain experimental treatments. Stereotactic neurosurgery for mental illness is practised only in specialized centres for intractable illness, but has a good outcome in selected patients. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Psychiatry beyond the current paradigm$$$ A series of editorials in this Journal have argued that psychiatry is in the midst of a crisis. The various solutions proposed would all involve a strengthening of psychiatry's identity as essentially 'applied neuroscience'. Although not discounting the importance of the brain sciences and psychopharmacology, we argue that psychiatry needs to move beyond the dominance of the current, technological paradigm. This would be more in keeping with the evidence about how positive outcomes are achieved and could also serve to foster more meaningful collaboration with the growing service user movement.
Psychotic depression - Beyond the antidepressant/antipsychotic combination$$$ Psychotic depression is an identified subtype of major depression that has many features of a distinct psychiatric disorder. Recent studies support previous findings that psychotic depression is associated with a less favorable course of illness. Moreover, the presence of a single psychotic symptom appears to predict decreased responsiveness to antidepressant monotherapy. Recent studies also support biological differences between psychotic and non-psychotic depression. Previous findings of greater HPA axis dysregulation are supported by evidence of diminished cortisol suppression with the mineralocorticoid antagonist fludrocortisone in psychotic depression. Moreover, a functional neuroimaging study demonstrated greater activation in parahippocampal and tempoparietal regions in psychotic depression during a memory task. In support of several previous treatment studies, a recent metaanalysis of studies that compared an antidepressantantipsychotic combination to antidepressants or antipsychotics alone found a therapeutic advantage with the combined treatment over monotherapy. A recent clinical trial suggests that mifepristone, a glucocorticoid antagonist, may be an effective adjunctive treatment for psychotic depression. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012.
Neurobiology of cognitive impairment in Parkinson's disease$$$ Cognitive impairment is a frequent complication of Parkinson's disease (PD). Mild cognitive impairment (MCI) may progress to dementia more frequently and rapidly. PD dementia (PDD) and PD-MCI have a mean prevalence up to 75% each; a four-to six-times increased incidence rate compared with controls. Recent diagnostic clinical criteria for both PDD and PD-MCI require validation. Cognitive decline in PD can be probed clinically, comprehensive neuropsychological assessment being the best way to define it. Neuroimaging in both disorders revealed cortical atrophy, hypometabolism, white matter changes, dopaminergic/cholinergic dysfunction and increased amyloid burden. Combined analysis of imaging and cerebrospinal fluid markers (tau and Aβ-42) is the most promising method for indentifying PD-MCI and PDD. Morphological substrates are a combination of Lewy and Alzheimer pathologies causing destruction of essential neuronal networks. PDD and dementia with Lewy bodies are considered similar parts of a disease spectrum. Treatment with cholinesterase inhibitors revealed mild-to-moderate results. © 2012 Expert Reviews Ltd.
The effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on fibromyalgia: a randomized sham-controlled trial with 1-mo follow-up.$$$ The aim of this study was to determine whether low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or high-frequency rTMS applied to the left motor cortex could influence pain level or mood status in patients with intractable fibromyalgia. Fifteen women with fibromyalgia were randomized to low-frequency (1 Hz), high-frequency (10 Hz), or sham stimulation. The patients underwent ten consecutive sessions according to rTMS protocol. The number of tender points and the Korean version of the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire were used to assess disease status, a visual analog scale was used to measure level of pain, and the Beck Depression Inventory was used to assess mood status. All subjects were evaluated before, immediately after, and 1 mo after rTMS. In the low-frequency group, the Beck Depression Inventory scores significantly decreased from baseline to 1 mo after rTMS. The visual analog scale and Korean version of the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire scores significantly decreased immediately after rTMS. In the high-frequency group, the visual analog scale and Beck Depression Inventory scores were significantly decreased immediately after rTMS. Low-frequency rTMS may play a role in the long-term treatment of fibromyalgia. Notably, the findings of this study are the first to show that the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or the left motor cortex rTMS could have an antidepressive and pain-modulating effect in patients with fibromyalgia.
Lack of data on depression-like states and antidepressant pharmacotherapy in patients with epilepsy: Randomised controlled trials are badly needed$$$ The prevalence of depression in patients with epilepsy (PWE) is high. To elucidate the nature of depression in PWE, a comparison was made between PWE and patients with idiopathic depression (PWID), applying 3 test batteries: Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II), Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) and Buss-Perry Aggression Questionnaire (BAQ). The former 2 rating scales were developed to measure depressive symptoms, while the latter was designed to detect anger and aggressive states. As a result, the group of patients with PWE showed significantly higher BAQ scores in comparison to those with PWID. Further, the BAQ and BDI scores were closely related within a group of PWE, while BAQ and BDI scores were not correlated with each other within a group of PWID. With regard to pharmaceutical therapy, the safety of antidepressants, especially SSRIs, is well established. However, there has been only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) thus far, which failed to show a significant difference in efficacy between placebo and various antidepressants. In contrast, there are two RCTs regarding the efficacy of LTG. The clinical profile of the depressiolytic effects of LTG in PWE may be different from that of antidepressants in patients with idiopathic depression, in that BAQ is more sensitive measure than BDI or CES-D. It is now widely recognized that the failure to treat depression in PWE can result in serious consequences. However, even a fundamental question, such as whether antidepressants are as effective in this population as in PWID, remains to be answered. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
Association of antipsychotics and mood stabilizers for treatment of mania$$$ Objective: Given the complex nature and frequent comorbidities of bipolar disorder (BD), polypharmacy is often used to achieve and maintain remission. In clinical practice, this is frequently the rule rather than the exception. Although research on BD uncommonly involves controlled clinical studies for combination therapies, clinicians nonetheless utilize polypharmacy as the best clinical treatment. A selective review of the literature for the best use of combination therapies, chiefly antipsychotics and mood stabilizers, has been carried out in order to offer rational indications. Method: Findings from studies on the concomitant use of antipsychotics and mood stabilizers have been reported for the different phases of mania: acute agitation, acute phase and remission phase. Guideline recommendations have also been reported. Results: Second generation antipsychotics (SGAs), particularly if available in intramuscular and oral formulations, give clinicians the possibility of continuity of pharmacotherapy, in terms of efficacy and tolerability. Association of MSs and SGAs in the treatment of mania increases efficacy compared with monotherapy in all the phases of the disorder. Accordingly, combination therapy should be the treatment of choice, particularly for severe manic and treatment-resistant episodes. Conclusions: Several combinations of MSs with SGAs appear to be safe and effective, and provide good results as often reflected in published data. Polypharmacy, as well as polypsychotherapy, and complex combination therapy, may be the best means to balance the complexity and comorbidities of BD. However, clinical vigilance and safety monitoring are relevant aspects when polypharmacy is used.
Chronic depression: A concept to be revised$$$ Although the current DSM-IV classification does not distinguish between chronic depression subtypes, clinical evidences suggest that such psychiatric condition differs for numerous aspects such as illness overall duration and psychiatric symptoms intensity and is associated with greater comorbidity, functional impairment and suicide risk compared to non-chronic depressive episodes. Different factors characterize chronic depression, for example older age, family history of depressive disorders, concurrent general medical illnesses and psychiatric comorbidity. An early and accurate diagnosis is essential for a good prognosis and the presence of certain somatic symptoms lacking medical explanation is a good predictor for the development of depressive disorders and suicidal behaviors. Current guidelines and systematic reviews suggest combined psychotherapeutic and pharmacological interventions as the best treatment of chronic depressive disorders, even though recent findings question these indications. Moreover, after an apparently successful antidepressant treatment it is not uncommon for the patients to manifest residual symptoms that can determinate functioning impairment, subjective suffering and tend to lead to an increase in depressive episode relapses. Correct diagnosis and treatment of these residual symptoms should play an important role in depression management and allow an achievement of better outcomes. The persisting difficulties in the treatment of chronic depression can be partially explained by the incomplete knowledge of its underlining pathological mechanisms. The discovery that depression is a neurodegenerative disorder with important brain inflammatory dysregulation could potentially lead to new pharmacological targets and a more personalized antidepressant care.
Comparison of ictal electroencephalogram between ultrabrief- and brief-pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: A multitaper Jackknife analysis$$$ OBJECTIVE: Characterization of the ictal electroencephalogram (EEG) generated during ultrabrief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is important to progress its use in routine ECT practice particularly in indicating treatment efficacy. The study compared 2- to 5-Hz and 5.2- to 13-Hz bands of the ictal EEG signal between brief- and ultrabrief-pulse ECT. METHODS: Twenty-five patients with major depression were randomized to brief- (1 millisecond [ms]) and ultrabrief-pulse (0.3 ms) right unilateral ECT. In sessions 2 to 8, when patients in either group received 6 times threshold ECT, right and left frontal ictal EEG between ultrabrief (n = 60) and brief pulse (n = 63) were compared. Electroencephalographic spectra from 2- to 5-Hz and 5.2- to 13-Hz bands in the mid and postictal phases were subjected to multitaper jackknife analysis of spectral power density (μV/Hz) and its SD or "regularity" (μV/Hz), peak spectral frequency (Hz), and its standard deviation (SD) or regularity (Hz). Linear mixed-effect models were used to compare the outcomes. RESULTS: In ultrabrief ECT, spectral power density and its SD were significantly smaller within the mid seizure of both bands, whereas peak frequency and its SD were similar. Postseizure suppression of spectral power density of both bands was similar in either treatments. CONCLUSION: Lower spectral power densities were noted with ultrabrief-pulse ECT vis-a-vis brief-pulse ECT. However, in ultrabrief pulse ECT, regularity measures and postseizure suppression were comparable to brief-pulse ECT. Copyright © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited.
Comparison between lumbar and thoracic epidural morphine for severe isolated blunt chest wall trauma: A randomized open-label trial$$$ Purpose: The aim of this randomized, parallel-arm, open-label trial was to compare lumbar versus thoracic epidural morphine for severe isolated blunt chest wall injury as regards the incidence of pulmonary complications and pain control. Methods: Fifty-five patients who sustained severe isolated blunt chest wall trauma were randomized using a computer-generated list to receive epidural morphine injection every 24 h through an epidural catheter inserted into the lumbar (n = 28) or thoracic (n = 27) region. Need for mechanical ventilation, incidence of pneumonia, arterial blood gas values, and pulmonary function tests were compared in both groups. Pain scores, supplemental analgesic consumption, length of intensive care unit (ICU) stay, and occurrence of epidural morphine-related side effects were compared as well. Primary outcome measures were need for mechanical ventilation and incidence of pneumonia. Results: Five (17.9 %) patients in the lumbar group were mechanically ventilated, compared with six (22.2 %) in the thoracic group (hazard ratio 1.35; 95 % CI 0.41-4.4; P = 0.611). Seven (25 %) patients in the lumbar group developed pneumonia versus six (22.2 %) in the thoracic group (hazard ratio 0.97; 95 % CI 0.33-2.9; P = 0.96). Both groups were comparable as regards the duration of mechanical ventilation (P = 0.141) and length of ICU stay (P = 0.227). Pain scores, supplemental analgesic consumption, pulmonary function, and occurrence of epidural morphine-related side effects were, likewise, comparable (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Lumbar and thoracic epidural morphine administered as once-daily injection to patients with severe isolated blunt chest wall trauma were comparable in terms of pain control, incidence of pulmonary complications, and occurrence of epidural morphine-related side effects. © 2012 Japanese Society of Anesthesiologists.
Strategies to augment recovery after stroke$$$ The improvement of recovery after stroke remains one of the main priorities for patients with stroke. Acute de-occlusion of the artery should improve patient outcome and recovery. Recent data and meta-analysis confirmed the efficacy of IV thrombolysis when administered to selected patients less than 4.5 hours after the onset of ischemic stroke even in patients aged>80 years. IV thrombolysis with rTPA is currently the only validated treatment for the acute phase of ischemic stroke. This has lead to a major public health effort to create stroke treatment units in developed countries. Mechanical thrombectomy is not yet validated despite major support from clinicians and the industry overall. Many other treatment options are currently being tested in various other therapeutic areas. Some data show clearly that some of these options are now close to clinical significance: specific and adapted rehabilitation procedures that will include a rationale in patients' care management, use of monoaminergic drugs like SSRIs with improvement of motor recovery through a specific action on cortical excitability, cortical stimulation or inhibition with magnetic or electric techniques with the aim of modifying functional inter cortical balance and connections, and clinical and bio markers of recovery that would help to ensure appropriate individual care of each patient. Finally, repair therapies with the aim of restoring the braindamaged networks could be useful in patients with persistent severe deficits. Several classes are under study for brain repair, including the use of stem cells, growth factors, and small molecules, but these are still at a preclinical level of development. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012.
Opioids for the treatment of chronic noncancer pain$$$ Increasingly, opioids are used to treat chronic noncancer pain. While opioids are well recognized for their effectiveness in treating acute pain, the evidence supporting the benefits for the treatment of chronic pain is less well established. Improvement of both pain and function should be considered goals of therapy. Patients with chronic pain have a higher incidence of preexisting psychological disorders. Adverse effects of opioid therapy include dependence, overdose, and withdrawal. Risk factors for poor outcomes with opioid therapy are identified, and include preexisting mental illness and dose prescribed. Recommended strategies to more safely use opioids are discussed, including tools for identifying high-risk patients. The evidence supporting the use of treatment agreements and urine drug testing to reduce the effects of adverse outcomes is limited. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Can we really prevent suicide?$$$ Every year, suicide is among the top 20 leading causes of death globally for all ages. Unfortunately, suicide is difficult to prevent, in large part because the prevalence of risk factors is high among the general population. In this review, clinical and psychological risk factors are examined and methods for suicide prevention are discussed. Prevention strategies found to be effective in suicide prevention include means restriction, responsible media coverage, and general public education, as well identification methods such as screening, gatekeeper training, and primary care physician education. Although the treatment for preventing suicide is difficult, follow-up that includes pharmacotherapy, psychotherapy, or both may be useful. However, prevention methods cannot be restricted to the individual. Community, social, and policy interventions will also be essential. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012.
Can neurobiological pathogenic mechanisms of depression facilitate the development of seizure disorders?$$$ People with epilepsy have a high risk of developing depressive disorders, and people with primary depressive disorders have a high risk of developing epilepsy. Furthermore, a lifetime history of depressive disorders has been associated with a poor response of the seizure disorder to pharmacotherapy and epilepsy surgery. The aim of this Review is to identify the principal neurobiological pathogenic mechanisms of depressive disorders with the potential to facilitate the epileptogenic process or cortical hyperexcitability in experimental animal studies or those that can aggravate known pathogenic mechanisms of epilepsy in human beings. These mechanisms include (1) a hyperactive hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis; (2) structural and functional abnormalities of cortical structures; (3) increased glutamatergic and decreased GABAergic and serotonergic activity; and (4) immunological abnormalities. The data presented in this Review provide experimental evidence that might begin to explain the bidirectional relation between depressive disorders and epilepsy and that can be regarded as a source for future research. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Effects of propofol on the activation of hippocampal CaMKIIα in depressed rats receiving electroconvulsive therapy$$$ OBJECTIVES: The aim of this study was to investigate the effects of propofol on the activation of hippocampal calcium/calmodulin-dependent protein kinase IIα (CaMKIIα) in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in a rat model of depression. METHODS: Sprague-Dawley rats were stressed repeatedly for 28 days to establish a depressed model. Forty depressed rats were then randomly assigned (n = 10 per group) to the depression group, propofol group (received propofol once a day for 1 week), ECT group (treated with ECT once a day for 1 week), or propofol + ECT group (treated with ECT pretreated and propofol once a day for 1 week). Their depressive state was assessed using the sucrose preference test and open-field test, whereas their learning and memory were evaluated using the Morris water maze task. The expression levels of CaMKIIα and phosphorylated CaMKIIα (pCaMKIIα) were detected by immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: Compared with the depression group, the ECT and propofol + ECT groups had higher sucrose preference percentages and scored higher on the open-field test. The ECT group exhibited longer escape latency, shorter space exploration time, down-regulated expressions of CaMKIIα and pCaMKIIα in the hippocampus, and lower pCaMKIIα/CaMKIIα values. The propofol + ECT group showed up-regulated expressions of CaMKIIα and pCaMKIIα in the hippocampus. Compared with the ECT group, the propofol + ECT group exhibited shorter escape latency, longer space exploration time, up-regulated expressions of CaMKIIα and pCaMKIIα, and higher pCaMKIIα/CaMKIIα values. CONCLUSIONS: Propofol may potentially alleviate ECT-induced learning/memory impairment in depressed rats by enhancing CaMKIIα activation in the hippocampus. Copyright © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins. Unauthorized reproduction of this article is prohibited.
Chronic unpredictable stress modifies cortical GABA and induces depression like behavior in rats: Reversal by ketamine$$$ Background: In rodents, repeated exposure to mild, unpredictable stress (CUS) induces specific behavioral modifications thought to model certain behavioral phenotypes of major depression in humans. Recent clinical observations using 1H-MRS have established that GABA levels are altered (decreased) in the cortex of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), suggesting a potential role for disrupted inhibition in the etiology and/or treatment of mood disorders. Moreover, clinical studies show prompt remission from MDD, lasting 1-2 weeks, after administration of a single non-anesthetic dose of the glutamate NMDA receptor antagonist ketamine. Despite the limited duration of a single dose of ketamine, it is a prototype for a new generation of antidepressant in that it does not directly target monoamine systems and it has a rapid onset of action. Therefore, using CUS as a potential animal model for stress-induced mood disorders, we hypothesized that CUS would alter performance in the forced swim test as well as levels of prefrontal GABA and that ketamine would reverse these effects. Methods: After exposure to a random (unpredictable) pattern of mild stressors (swim, cage rotation, overnight isolation, lights on/off, no food/water overnight, cold isolation, restraint) twice daily for 10 days or operator handling (controls), male SD rats were treated with ketamine (40 mg/kg IP) and behavior assessed in the forced swim test (FST); 21 hours later animals were sacrificed in order to collect trunk blood as well as tissue punches from the anterior (rostral) cingulate cortex (ACC). Levels of GABA, as well as other relevant neurochemicals, were measured simultaneously ex vivo in intact tissue punches (∼2-3 mg) using high resolution magic angle spinning 1H-MRS at 11.7 T with a Bruker Avance spectrometer. Spectra were analyzed with a custom LCModel and absolute values of neurochemicals normalized to tissue weight; FST was scored by 2 independent raters. Plasma corticosterone was determined by ELISA in the CUS and control groups. Results: Exposure to repeated stressors induced a depression-like phenotype as indicated by significantly decreased weight gain, increased plasma corticosterone, and increased immobility in the FST. When compared to controls, GABA levels increased (20-25%) in the ACC of the stressed animals. Administration of ketamine on the last day of treatment blunted the depression-like behavior and normalized GABA levels in the ACC following CUS. Ketamine did not significantly affect immobility in non-CUS (control) animals. Conclusions: Disrupted weight gain, increased plasma glucocorticoid, and increased immobility in the FST suggest that exposure to the experimental stressors produced a physiological phenotype similar to that seen in clinical depression. Notably, the stress-induced increase in ACC GABA is consistent with numerous reports indicating a critical role for cortical GABA in MDD. However, clinical 1H-MRS studies report decreased occipital GABA in untreated MDD patients, an effect that is reversed with chronic SSRI or ECT therapy (Sanacora et al). Obvious dissimilarities in species, disease endophenotypes, duration of stress, brain region, and analytical technique (in vivo v ex vivo) may account for differences between studies. The ability of a single dose of ketamine to reverse CUS-induced phenotypes (the ACC GABA increase as well as the immobility time in the FST) is consistent with the beneficial effect of ketamine in patients with treatment resistant MDD. Although the acute antidepressant effect of ketamine in rats relies on activation of specific pathways (AMPA receptor trafficking, BDNF, mTOR, eukaryotic elongation factor 2, and synaptic remodeling), the known effects on GABA systems is evolving. Since stress activates both glia and microglia in the cortex, disrupted glutamate/GABA-glutamine cycling would similarly disrupt GABAergic and glutamatergic signaling. Although speculative, the antidepressant-like effects of NMDA receptor blockade may be associated with normalized amino acid cycling between cortical neurons and astrocytes.
Comparison of the neurocognitive effects between acute course magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy: A preliminary report$$$ Background: Neurotherapeutic interventions are presently in development for the treatment of major affective disorders. One such novel technique is magnetic seizure therapy (MST), which uses magnetic pulses to induce a therapeutic convulsive seizure. This strategy capitalizes upon the established safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and antidepressant efficacy of tonic-clonic seizures as induced with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). MST is hypothesized to be a safe and effective antidepressant strategy for patients with major affective disorders. Indeed, preclinical and clinical evidence has substantiated that MST produces little to no physiological or neurocognitive adverse effects. Also, clinical evidence in the form of case reports and series, as well as controlled clinical trials, has documented decreased depression severity after an acute MST course. To date, studies with MST stimulus doses with up to 600 pulses have been reported, and there is limited data regarding its safety when administered at higher doses (e.g., 1000 pulses). Increasing the number of stimulus pulses improves the anti depressant efficacy in ECT, and a similar trend may exist in MST. However, evidence from ECT studies clearly show that higher doses may result in increased adverse neurocognitive effects. Therefore, information regarding MST administration at higher doses is critical to guide the development of this intervention, and inform its safety profile. Thus, the purpose of this study was to compare the neurocognitive effects of high-dose MST and standard ECT in patients with a current major depressive episode. Methods: This was a three-center, between-subject, randomized, double-masked controlled clinical trial that compared the neurocognitive effects of high dose MST and ultra-brief pulse RUL ECT. All participants provided written informed consent for this IRB approved investigation before completing study procedures. The study was conducted under a US FDA IDE. Adults with a major depressive episode in the context of unipolar or bipolar depression, based on the SCID-I, were randomly assigned to treatment with MST or ECT. For MST, a Magstim Theta device with a round coil positioned on the vertex was used to administer the stimulus. Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by incrementing the train duration, and subsequent treatments were provided at maximal device output (100% maximal pulse amplitude, 100Hz pulse repetition frequency, 10 second (1000 pulses) train duration). For ECT, treatments were provided via standard RUL electrode configuration, 800mA pulse amplitude, and ultra-brief pulse width (0.3ms). Seizure threshold was titrated at the first session by incrementing the train duration and frequency, and subsequent treatments were provided at 6' the seizure threshold charge. Patients were treated until they achieved remission (<8 on the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression) or received a maximum of 14 MST or ECT sessions. To assess neurocognitive effects, we used a comprehensive battery of standard measures to assess domains of global cognitive function, processing speed, attention, anterograde learning and memory, retrograde memory, and executive function. Trained neuropsychometricians, masked to treatment condition, administered the neurocognitive battery before and after the acute treatment course. Raw scores on each neurocognitive measure were converted into demographic- adjusted standard scores. Summary statistics were used to describe the sociodemographic and clinical characteristics of the study cohort. Means and standard deviations are presented for continuous variables; percentages are presented for discrete variables. Repeated measure ANCOVAs were computed for each neurocognitive variable with time point (baseline, end) as the repeated factor, treatment condition (MST, ECT) as the between-subject factor, and study center as the covariate. Post-hoc analyses were computed for significant main effects or interactions. Statistical significance was defined as a two-sided p-value of less than 0.05. Conclusions: This study contributes to an emerging body of evidence regarding the development of magnetic seizure therapy as a novel neurotherapeutic intervention for the treatment of major affective disorders.
The generalizability of psychotherapy efficacy trials in major depressive disorder: An analysis of the influence of patient selection in efficacy trials on symptom outcome in daily practice$$$ Background: Treatment guidelines for major depressive disorder (MDD) are based on results from randomized clinical trials, among others in psychotherapy efficacy trials. However, patients in these trials differ from routine practice patients since trials use stringent criteria for patient selection. It is unknown whether the exclusion criteria used in psychotherapy efficacy trials (PETs) influence symptom outcome in clinical practice. We first explored which exclusion criteria are used in PETs. Second, we investigated the influence of commonly used exclusion criteria on symptom outcome in routine clinical practice.Methods: We performed an extensive literature search in PubMed, PsycInfo and additional databases for PETs for MDD. From these, we identified commonly used exclusion criteria. We investigated the influence of exclusion criteria on symptom outcome by multivariate regression models in a sample of patients suffering from MDD according to the MINIplus from a routine clinical practice setting (n=598). Data on routine clinical practice patients were gathered through Routine Outcome Monitoring.Results: We selected 20 PETs and identified the following commonly used exclusion criteria: 'a baseline severity threshold of HAM-D≤14', 'current or past abuse or dependence of alcohol and/or drugs' and 'previous use of medication or ECT'. In our routine clinical practice sample of patients suffering from MDD (n=598), presence of 'current or past abuse of or dependence on alcohol and/or drugs' had no significant influence on outcome.'Meeting a baseline severity threshold of HAM-D≤14' and 'previous use of medication or ECT' were associated with better outcome, but the explained variance of the models was very small (R2=2-11%).Conclusions: The most consistently used exclusion criteria are not a major threat to the generalizability of results found in PETs. However, PETs do somewhat improve their results by exclusion of patients with minor depression and patients who used antidepressants prior to psychotherapy. © 2012 van der Lem et al.; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for chronic tinnitus: A systematic review$$$ Objective. This systematic review aimed to assess the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment for chronic tinnitus. Data Sources. Relevant electronic databases and a reference list of articles published up to January 2012 were searched. Randomized controlled clinical trials of all types of rTMS treatment for patients with chronic tinnitus were included. Review Methods. A literature search was conducted with structured criteria to select studies evaluated for systematic review. Results. Five trials (160 participants) were included in this review. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment showed benefits in the short term, but the long-term effects are questionable. The Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI) and the visual analog scale (VAS) were the major assessment methods used. After active TMS stimulation, the reduction in the THI total score and VAS was significant compared with baseline at the first time point assessed and in the short term (2 weeks and 4 weeks). The longest follow-up time was 26 weeks after treatment, and the shortest follow-up time was 2 weeks. No severe side effects were reported from the use of rTMS. Differences in age, hearing level, duration of tinnitus of the included patients, and the condition of sham treatment may influence the effect. Conclusion. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation could be a new therapeutic tool for the treatment of chronic tinnitus, and thus far we have not been able to demonstrate any substantial risk from rTMS treatment. However, the longterm effects of rTMS treatment for tinnitus are not clear and will require further study. © American Academy of Otolaryngology-Head and Neck Surgery Foundation 2012.
Review article: General anesthesia: A gateway to modulate synapse formation and neural plasticity?$$$ Appropriate balance between excitatory and inhibitory neural activity patterns is of utmost importance in the maintenance of neuronal homeostasis. General anesthetic-induced pharmacological interference with this equilibrium results not only in a temporary loss of consciousness but can also initiate long-term changes in brain function. Although these alterations were initially considered deleterious, recent observations suggest that at least under some specific conditions, they may eventually improve neural function. The goal of this review is to provide insights into the mechanisms underlying these dual effects. Basic science issues on the important role of critical periods during neural circuitry assembly will be discussed to better understand how even brief exposures to general anesthetics could initiate context-dependent lasting changes in neuronal structure and function. Recent series of observations suggesting a developmental stage-dependent impact of these drugs on synaptogenesis will then be summarized together with currently known molecular mechanisms underlying these effects. Particular emphasis will be placed on how anesthetic drugs modulate neural plasticity in the adult brain and how this may improve neural function under some pathological states. The ensemble of these new observations strongly suggests that general anesthetics should not merely be considered toxic drugs but rather acknowledged as robust, context-dependent modulators of neural plasticity. Copyright © 2012 International Anesthesia Research Society.
The role of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the Tower of London task performance: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation study in patients with Parkinson's disease$$$ Abstract We studied whether one session of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over either the right or left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex would induce any measurable changes in the Tower of London spatial planning task performance in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Ten patients with PD (with no dementia and/or depression) entered the randomized, sham-stimulation-controlled study with a crossover design. Active and placebo rTMS were applied over either the left or the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (in four separate sessions) in each patient. The order of sessions was randomized. The Tower of London task was performed prior to and immediately after each appropriate session. The ''total problem-solving time'' was our outcome measure. Only active rTMS of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex induced significant enhancement of the total problemsolving time, p = 0.038. Stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex or sham stimulations induced no significant effects. Only rTMS applied over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex induced positive changes in the spatial planning task performance in PD, which further supports the results of functional imaging studies indicating the causal engagement of the right-sided hemispheric structures in solving the task in this patient population. ©Springer-Verlag 2012.
Psychiatric syndromes in Parkinson's disease$$$ Purpose of Review: To examine progress about relevant behavioural and psychiatric disorders in Parkinson's disease, such as depression, apathy, psychosis, and impulse control disorder. Recent Findings: Several recent studies have characterized the phenomenology of depression in Parkinson's disease, and randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy of tricyclics, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and psychotherapy for depression in Parkinson's disease. Apathy is a valid behavioural syndrome in Parkinson's disease and is associated with depression and cognitive deficits. Psychosis is highly prevalent in the late stages of the disease, but there are few effective therapeutic modalities for this psychiatric condition. Impulse control disorders are also relatively frequent in Parkinson's disease, and are associated with comorbid psychiatric disorders. Summary: Standardized criteria should be used to diagnose depression and apathy in Parkinson's disease. Psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy are useful treatment modalities for affective disorders in Parkinson's disease. Clozapine is still the most effective, albeit rarely used, treatment for psychosis in Parkinson's disease. Impulse control disorders are relatively frequent in Parkinson's disease and all patients should be screened for this complex disorder. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The impact of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on fine motor functions in medication-resistant major depression$$$ Objectives: Although high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been reported to improve mood symptoms in major depressive disorder (MDD), research on its impact on psychomotor symptoms is scarce. This study assessed the psychomotor effects of 1 and 10 sessions, respectively, of HF-rTMS over the left DLPFC. Methods: Ten HF-rTMS sessions were applied in 21 medication-free MDD patients over a 2-week period. At the beginning, one placebo (sham)-controlled rTMS session was also applied in a cross-over, single-blind design. Psychomotor variables were digitally recorded during completion of a Fitts' task, at baseline, after the first and second real/sham session and at the end point. Results: The total 10-session treatment period resulted in a decrease of depression severity. One HF-rTMS session resulted in improvements on the Fitts' task, without a difference between active and sham stimulation, however. No further improvements occurred from session 2 to session 10. Conclusions: No evidence was provided to link the observed psychomotor improvements to HF-rTMS stimulation, as a practice effect could have impacted the significant psychomotor outcomes. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Oncology nurses' recognition of supportive care needs and symptoms of their cancer patients undergoing chemotherapy$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to assess the accuracy of oncology nurses' identification of perceived needs and symptoms of their patients undergoing chemotherapy. Methods: The participants included a sample of randomly selected cancer outpatients receiving systematic chemotherapy and eighteen oncology nurses. Written informed consent was obtained from each patient. The patients responded to validated self-administered questionnaires to assess their supportive care needs and symptoms. The oncology nurses completed a survey in which they indicated their perception of level of same set of needs or symptoms. The two datasets were compared statistically. Results: Complete datasets were available for 439 patients. Most common primary cancer site was breast cancer (36%), followed by colorectal cancer (24%). The most prevalent domain of needs perceived by patients was psychological one (77%), of which prevalence perceived by nurses (61%) was lower than that of patients themselves. The sensitivity and specificity for psychological need were the greatest and the lowest respectively among the all domain of needs. About sexual needs, in particular, the proportion of patients for whom the oncology nurses indicated not knowing the status was the greatest (82%) among all investigated variables. The sensitivity and specificity of the nurses' assessment for all physical symptoms except fatigue, appetite loss and hair loss were <50% and >80% respectively, indicating the tendency that the nurses could not detect symptoms which are nonspecific for chemotherapy, but could rule out the possibility of those experienced by patients. None of patients classified as clinically anxious and/or depressed were perceived as such by their nurses. Conclusion: Oncology nurses' recognition may not accurately refl ect their patients' supportive care needs and symptoms in routine practice. Further interventions should be developed to heighten the nurses' ability to detect their patients' such problems, especially symptoms that could not be observable directly, involving psychological ones.
Treatment of mixed states$$$ Bipolar mixed states pose difficult challenges to the clinician. They are very common [1], and yet they are difficult to diagnose, and their treatment is complex and supported by a scant number of controlled studies [2]. There is some evidence that mixed states may be more responsive to anticonvulsants than to lithium [3]. Valproate, and to a lesser extent carbamazepine, may be used either in monotherapy or as adjuncts to lithium. Use of other anticonvulsants, such as gabapentin, lamotrigine, levetiracetam, oxcarbazepine, pregabalin, tiagabine, topiramate or zonisamide, is not supported by controlled data as yet and should not be used [4]. The use of antidepressants is largely discouraged, as they may worsen this condition [5]. Atypical antipsychotics, on the other hand, may be effective either in monotherapy or in combination with valproate or lithium. As mixed states are associated to higher risk of switching to depression [3], and most antipsychotics are not very good for the prevention of depression, antipsychotic monotherapy is not advised, with the only exceptions of quetiapine [6] and asenapine [7]. The acute trials with olanzapine in combination with valproate or lithium enrolled a substantial number of patients to allow for statistical subanalyses on this population, showing positive results [2]. Aripiprazole, asenapine, ziprasidone, and to a lesser extent risperidone, quetiapine, paliperidone and clozapine have also been studied in randomized clinical trials but the number of acutely ill patients enrolled was not very high [4]. A pooled analysis of two large combination trials of quetiapine with lithium or valproate showed positive results in time to the recurrence of any pole in patients with mixed episodes [6]. Both evidence and clinical experience point at combination therapy of an atypical antipsychotic and an anticonvulsant, preferably valproate, or lithium as first-line therapy for severe mixed states. Mild cases could be treated with valproate or monotherapy with a second generation antipsychotic, preferably aripiprazole, asenapine or quetiapine. A good alternative is electroconvulsive therapy [2]. More research is needed in this area, and particularly in mixed states other than dysphoric mania, which have been largely neglected. DSM-5 will contribute to address this unmet need by recognizing the existence of depressive mixed states.
Treatment of bipolar depression$$$ The efficacy of pharmacotherapy in bipolar depression, the prevailing phase of illness in bipolar disorder, remains uncertain. Numerous studies of the treatment of bipolar depression have included antidepressants, mood stabilizers and antipsychotics. Generally, the quality of these studies has been poor, with openlabel studies predominating and/or adequate statistical power usually lacking. A recent systematic review and meta-analysis has reinforced doubts about the efficacy of antidepressants in the treatment of the acute phase of bipolar depression (Sidor and MacQueen; J Clin Psychiatry. 2011 Feb;72(2): 156 - 67). The anticonvulsant lamotrigine has been extensively examined with evidence of some benefits (Geddes et al, Br J Psychiatry. 2009 Jan;194(1):4 - 9) and there is also some evidence to support the use of valproate (Smith et al; J Affect Disord. 2010 Apr;122(1 - 2):1 - 9). There is robust evidence of the efficacy of some antipsychotic agents in the treatment of depressive episodes in bipolar disorder (Fountoulakis KNet al; Eur Arch Psychiatry Clin Neurosci. 2012 Jun;262 Suppl 1:1 - 48). Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis dysregulation is implicated in the pathophysiology of mood disorders and the rationale for developing novel treatment strategies using antiglucocorticoid techniques is supported by a Cochrane review (Gallagher et al 2009). We have previously shown, in a random-order crossover design placebo-controlled pilot study, that 600mg daily of the glucocorticoid receptor antagonist, mifepristone taken for a week improved neuropsychological performance, including spatial working memory, verbal fl uency and spatial recognition memory. We also measured mood using the MADRS a week after the end of treatment and showed an improvement from baseline which was not seen after placebo treatment (Young et al 2004). We now report on mood symptoms from a parallel group, placebo controlled study of mifepristone. 50 patients (27 male) from the North East of England or Christchurch, New Zealand who fulfilled SCID criteria for bipolar depression were randomised using a 6 block design to receive treatment with 600mg mifepristone daily or placebo. Outcome measures consisted of neuropsychological performance, neuroendocrine function and mood. Patients had 8 clinical assessment visits and the MADRS was completed at each. Visits were weekly for the first 6 weeks then fortnightly. Trial medication was commenced after visit 3. Preliminary LOCF ITT analysis of the MADRS score using repeated measures ANOVA with time as the within subject variable revealed an effect of time (F = 14.2; df - 7,336; P < 0.0005) but not an effect of treatment nor a time x treatment interaction. In this study there was an average improvement in depression scores which was independent of treatment allocation. This finding differs from our pilot study (Young et al, 1994) in which the improvement was seen only in those patients receiving active treatment. This difference may refl ect the different designs of the two studies (crossover vs parallel) or differences in the population. The criteria for inclusion in the pilot study included bipolar disorder with treatment resistant depressive symptoms and in this study a DSM-IV diagnosis of bipolar depression. Consequently there were a greater proportion of patients recruited from tertiary care for the pilot study and the placebo response may have been minimised. The failure to separate patients from controls may also have been a pharmacokinetic/dosage effect. In unipolar psychotic depression, Schatzberg and colleagues have shown greater efficacy at 1200mg and shown that patients with higher plasma drug levels are more likely to respond (Blasey CM 2009).
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on clinical, social, and cognitive performance in postpartum depression$$$ Background: This randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind pilot study evaluated the impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on clinical, cognitive, and social performance in women suffering with postpartum depression. Methods: Fourteen patients were randomized to receive 20 sessions of sham rTMS or active 5 Hz rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Psychiatric clinical scales and a neuropsychological battery were applied at baseline (pretreatment), week 4 (end of treatment), and week 6 (follow-up, posttreatment week 2). Results: The active rTMS group showed significant improvement 2 weeks after the end of rTMS treatment (week 6) in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (P = 0.020), Global Assessment Scale (P = 0.037), Clinical Global Impression (P = 0.047), and Social Adjustment Scale-Self Report-Work at Home (P = 0.020). Conclusion: This study suggests that rTMS has the potential to improve the clinical condition in postpartum depression, while producing marginal gains in social and cognitive function. © 2012 Myczkowski et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Postoperative analgesia with epidural opioids after cesarean section: Comparison of sufentanil, morphine and sufentanil-morphine combination$$$ Background: Epidural analgesia with opioid provides good control of postoperative pain in cesarean section, thereby improving the mother's ability to mobilize and interact with her newborn infant. Aim: The aim of this study is to evaluate and compare the analgesic actions and side effects of epidural analgesia with sufentanil, morphine or combination of the two after cesarean section. Materials and Methods: 60 women undergoing elective cesarean section were allocated into three groups of 20 each in a randomized blinded fashion. Epidural analgesia was administered with sufentanil 50 mcg in Group S; morphine 4 mg in Group M; and, a combination of sufentanil 25 mcg and morphine 2 mg was used in Group SM. Analgesic efficacy in terms of onset of action and duration of analgesia was assessed by using the Visual Analog Scale (0 to 10 cm) for 24 hours. Number of opioid doses needed in 24 hours was noted. Side effects like respiratory depression /excessive sedation, pruritus and nausea were recorded. Results: Onset of action were at 7.6 1.5 minutes in group S, 67.6 1.5 minutes in group M and 12.2 2.6 minutes in group SM. Duration of analgesia was longer in group M 17.5 1.9 hours and SM 13.8 1.6 hours than in group S 5.2 1.2 hours. More doses of analgesia were required in group S compared to group M and SM. Side effects were comparable in the three groups. Conclusion: Epidural administration of a combination of sufentanil and morphine offered the advantage of faster onset of action and longer duration of analgesia as compared to the two drugs administered alone.
Bifrontal and bioccipital transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) does not induce mood changes in healthy volunteers: A placebo controlled study$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is the application of a weak electrical direct current (1.5 mA), which has the ability to modulate spontaneous firing rates of the cortical neurons by depolarizing or hyperpolarizing the neural resting membrane potential. tDCS in patients with depressive disorders has been proven to be an interesting therapeutic method potentially influencing pathologic mood states. Except one study, no alterations in mood could be confirmed applying tDCS in healthy participants. In this study, bifrontal or bioccipital stimulation was applied in 17 healthy subjects during 20 minutes with 1.5 mA in a placebo-controlled manner. Bifrontal stimulation consisted of both anodal and cathodal placement on right and left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in two separate sessions. Using a set of self-reported moodscales (SUDS, POMS-32, PANAS, BISBAS) no significant mood changes could be observed, neither with bifrontal nor bioccipital tDCS. As already demonstrated by previous studies, we confirmed the minimal side effects and the safety of this neuromodulation technique. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Top down prefrontal affective modulation of tinnitus with multiple sessions of tDCS of dorsolateral prefrontal cortex$$$ Most forms of tinnitus are attributable to reorganization and hyperactivity in the auditory central nervous system with coactivation of nonauditory brain structures. One such nonauditory brain area is the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), which is important for the integration of sensory and emotional aspects of tinnitus. Based on extensive evidence that transcranial direct current stimulation can induce significant effects on DLPFC-related cognitive function, we aimed to investigate whether left or right anodal DLFPC tDCS is associated with modulation of tinnitus. We conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled cross-over study in which 15 subjects with tinnitus were randomly assigned to receive active and sham anodal tDCS over left (n = 8) or right DLPFC (n = 7) for six sessions in a counterbalanced order; the cathode electrode was placed in the contralateral DLPFC. The results demonstrate that both active conditions - irrespective of the anodal position - can decrease tinnitus annoyance but it is not associated with improvements in tinnitus intensity when comparing pre-tDCS versus post-tDCS as well as comparing sham-tDCS versus real tDCS. Also, we show that the anode electrode placed over the left DLPFC modulates depression when comparing pre-tDCS versus post-tDCS as well as comparing sham-tDCS versus real tDCS. In addition, we also show that the anode electrode placed over the right DLPFC modulates anxiety when comparing pre-tDCS versus post-tDCS. This latter effect does not remain when we compare sham-tDCS versus real tDCS. This study further supports the involvement of the prefrontal cortex in the neural network associated with tinnitus, and also provides initial evidence for a potential brain stimulation site for tinnitus treatment in association with other treatments that can reduce tinnitus intensity. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Alpha EEG guided TMS in schizophrenia$$$ Background: Alpha EEG guided Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (αTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has shown promising efficacy for treating the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Objective/ Hypothesis: The purpose of the current investigation was to test (1) the therapeutic effect in other domains of symptoms of schizophrenia and (2) the specificity of stimulus location. The hypothesis to be tested was that global alpha EEG normalization after αTMS would help improve the clinical symptoms of schizophrenia, regardless of the site of stimulation. Method: Seventy-eight patients with schizophrenia were enrolled in a randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study with four study groups: frontal αTMS, parietal αTMS, frontal sham, and parietal sham. Patients received daily treatment for 10 days and clinical evaluations at day 5 and 10. The stimulus rate and intensity were determined by individual's characteristic alpha frequency and motor threshold (80%). Results: Positive and general psychotic symptoms improved significantly after αTMS (P < 0.02). Frontal and parietal αTMS had similar effects (P = 0.48). (3) αTMS with concomitant typical neuroleptics treatment had greater efficacy than atypical neuroleptics (P < 0.04). Degree of EEG normalization as measured by increase in Q factor was highly associated with the improvement in all three domains of symptoms of schizophrenia (P < 0.04). Conclusions: Alpha EEG normalization after treatment with αTMS may directly subserve the processes underlying clinical improvements in schizophrenia. Nonetheless, given the confound of possible unblinding of participants because of an inactive sham control, the current results should be considered preliminary until replicated further. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Long-term efficacy of repeated daily prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in treatmnt-resistant depression$$$ Background A few studies have examined the durability of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) antidepressant benefit once patients remitted. This study examined the long-term durability of clinical benefit from TMS using a protocol-specified TMS taper and either continuation pharmacotherapy or naturalistic follow-up. Methods Patients were remitters from an acute double-blind sham-controlled trial of TMS (n = 18), or from an open-label extension in patients who did not respond to the acute trial (n = 43). Long-term durability of TMS acute effect was examined in remitters over a 12-week follow-up. Relapse, defined as 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS-24) ≥20, was the primary outcome. Results Of 61 remitters in the acute trial, five entered naturalistic follow-up and 50 entered the TMS taper. Thirty-two patients completed TMS taper and 1-, 2-, and 3-month follow-up. At 3-month visit, 29 of 50 (58%) were classified as in remission (HDRS-24 ≤10), two of 50 (4%) as partial responders (30%a;circ HDRS-24 reduction <50% from baseline), and one of 50 (2%) met criteria for relapse. During the entire 3-month follow-up, five of the 37 patients relapsed (relapse rate = 13.5%), but four of them regained remission by the end of the study. The average time to relapse in these five patients was 7.2 ± 3.3 weeks. Patients who relapsed had higher depression scores at 1 month. Conclusions While one third of the sample was lost to follow-up, our results demonstrate that most patients contributing to observations experienced persistence of benefit from TMS followed by pharmacotherapy or no medication. Longer follow-up and more rigorous studies are needed to explore the true long-term durability of remission produced by TMS. © 2012 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
Ketamine for depression: Where do we go from here?$$$ Since publication of the first randomized controlled trial describing rapid antidepressant effects of ketamine, several reports have confirmed the potential utility of this dissociative anesthetic medication for treatment of major depressive episodes, including those associated with bipolar disorder and resistant to other medications and electroconvulsive therapy. These reports have generated several questions with respect to who might respond to ketamine, how, and for how long. To start answering these questions. We used PubMed.gov and ClinicalTrials.gov to perform a systematic review of all available published data on the antidepressant effects of ketamine and of all recently completed, ongoing, and planned studies. To date, 163 patients, primarily with treatment-resistant depression, have participated in case studies, open-label investigations, or controlled trials. All controlled trials have used a within-subject, crossover design with an inactive placebo as the control. Ketamine administration has usually involved an anaesthesiologist infusing a single, subanesthetic, intravenous dose, and required hospitalization for at least 24 hours postinfusion. Response rates in the open-label investigations and controlled trials have ranged from 25% to 85% at 24 hours postinfusion and from 14% to 70% at 72 hours postinfusion. Although adverse effects have generally been mild, some patients have experienced brief changes in blood pressure, heart rate, or respiratory rate. Risk-benefit analyses support further research of ketamine for individuals with severe mood disorders. However, given the paucity of randomized controlled trials, lack of an active placebo, limited data on long-term outcomes, and potential risks, ketamine administration is not recommended outside of the hospital setting. © 2012 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Transversus abdominis plane block for analgesia in renal transplantation: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: The transversus abdominis plane (TAP) block has proven effective in reducing opioid requirements and pain scores for some procedures involving the lower abdominal wall. In this study we assessed its efficacy in patients with end-stage renal failure undergoing cadaveric renal transplantation. Methods: Sixty-five adult renal transplant recipients were prospectively randomized to receive a standard general anesthetic technique supplemented with levobupivacaine 0.375% 20 mL TAP block or sham block with 20 mL 0.9% saline. Both groups received patient-controlled morphine analgesia and acetaminophen. Patient assessment occurred in the postanesthetic care unit and at 2, 4, 6, 12, and 24 hours. The primary outcome was total morphine consumption in the first 24 hours after renal transplantation. Other outcomes assessed included pain scores, presence of nausea or vomiting, excessive sedation, and respiratory depression. Results: Morphine requirements did not differ between the 2 groups, 31.6 ± 5.6 mg in the TAP group and 32.6 ± 5.5 mg in the control group (95% confidence interval [CI], -8.96 to 7.09, P = 0.817). Pain scores also did not differ significantly at any time point after surgery. Nausea was reported in 53% of the TAP group and 24% of the control group. The relative risk of nausea associated with treatment was 2.2 (95% CI, 1.1 -4.3, P = 0.017). No patient exhibited excessive sedation or respiratory depression. Conclusions: The addition of a TAP block to the analgesia regimen for renal transplantation did not reduce morphine requirements. Copyright © 2012 International Anesthesia Research Society.
Post stroke depression symptoms: Therapeutic interventions initiated more than six months post-stroke$$$ Objective: To examine effectiveness of therapeutic interventions aimed to improve depressive symptoms in the chronic stage of stroke. Data Source: A literature search was conducted using the following databases: Medline, CINAHL, EMBASE and PsychInfo, for relevant articles published from 1980 to February 2012. Study Selection: Studies were identified for inclusion if: (1) participants had a history of stroke; (2) time since stroke was > 6 months; (3) participants received an intervention aimed at improving depressive symptoms; (4) a randomized controlled trial (RCT) was conducted. Based on these criteria six RCTs were identified. Data Extraction: Data extracted included subject demographics, inclusion and exclusion criteria, method of assessment and results related to change in depressive symptoms. Data Synthesis: Study methodology was assessed using the PEDro scale. Strength of evidence was assessed using previously established guidelines developed for the Evidence-Based Review of Stroke Rehabilitation. Conclusion: There was strong evidence from two “fair” quality RCTs that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over the left prefrontal cortex may be associated with a reduction in symptoms of depression. Based on results from one RCT of “fair” quality, there is moderate evidence that treatment with nortriptyline, but not fluoxetine, may result in improvement of depressive symptoms. In addition, there is strong evidence, based on the results of two RCTs of fair quality, that physical exercise and education interventions may not be effective in reducing symptoms of depression.
No deleterious effect on mood and cognition after ten repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation sessions: A double-blind sham study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown significant efficiency in the treatment of several psychiatric disorders. In depressive disorders, the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is mainly stimulated. Over the past decade, several studies have examined cognitive functioning after rTMS treatment in depressive patients. However, it is difficult to dissociate a potential direct effect of rTMS on cognition from an indirect effect, which would be only secondary to mood improvement in depressed patients. The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is involved in executive function, especially in working memory. The objective of this randomized double blind study was to determine the impact of high frequency rTMS applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on cognition and mood in 20 healthy subjects. Methods: After randomization, subjects received active treatment (10 sessions; 1 session a day; frequency = 10 Hz; intensity = 110% of motor threshold; 2000 pulses per session) or placebo treatment. The TMS coil was positioned on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex through neuronavigation (based on individual structural MRI). A sham coil, matched to real TMS in terms of acoustic sensation and visual impact, was used for the placebo group. Healthy volunteers and clinical raters were blind to the arm. Mood (Beck Depression Inventory, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Mania Assessment Scale), cognitive functions (episodic memory, attention, working memory, flexibility, frontal inhibition, categorization, logical reasoning and planning capacity) and emotion (emotion recognition assessment and visual analog scales) were assessed at the baseline and at the end of the treatment. A mixed model analysis of variance of clinical and neuropsychological responses was performed using SPSS 17 Software (Chicago, IL), after the ascertainment of the equality of variances (Levene's test) and of the normal distribution of the data (Kolmogorov Smirnov's test). If one of these last two tests was significant, nonparametric tests were performed (Mann Whitney's test). Results: The ten rTMS sessions on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex were well tolerated. None of the subjects reported any adverse side effects, except for one subject who suffered from transient headache after one session. No significant difference was found between the active group and the placebo group for mood (neither on the depressive dimension nor on the maniac dimension) and cognition. More precisely no deleterious effect of rTMS was found in executive function performances. Compared to the placebo group, the active rTMS group presented a significant improvement of adaptation in daily life, which was assessed through a visual analog scale (U=22.5; p = 0.035). Conclusion: This study showed the safety and the good tolerance of ten sessions of 10-Hz rTMS applied on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in healthy subjects. No impairment neither on mood nor on cognition was found. This study suggested also a positive effect of rTMS on coping capacity. Additional studies on large enough samples have to confirm these findings.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and pharmacological treatment in patients with major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: Major depression is one of the leading causes of disease burden worldwide. Its impact on society with renard to human suffering and economic charge is enormous and is even projected to increase in upcoming decades. The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that they will be the second most important cause of disability by the year 2020. Current approaches to the treatment of major depression, while effective, are nevertheless associated with substantial percentages of nonresponders or partial responders. Approximately 30% of depressed patients do not show sufficient improvements after the first course of adequate antidepressant treatment and a further 20% discontinue due to tolerability problems. Half of patients who do not respond adequately to a first course also fail to respond to a second antidepressant treatment trial. If several antidepressant treatment trials have been inefficient, even lower response rates after switching to other drugs may be observed. Because of relapses and recurrences, major depression tends to be a chronic illness. Given the pervasive nature of depression and the need for more effective, safer and more socially acceptable therapeutic strategies, alternative approaches are being investigated, such as repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS). Several Clinical Trials on Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) have shown its effectiveness in the treatment of depression proposing rTMS as an augmentation strategy [1,2]. Objectives: Object of this study was to compare the effectiveness of rTMS associated with pharmacotherapy and single drug treatment in pharmacotherapy-resistant major depressive patients. Methods: A sample of 20 outpatients was randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups. Inclusion criteria: age between 45 and 65; diagnosis of major depressive disorder (according to the criteria of DSM-IV-TR); score ≥20 at the 21-item HDRS score ≥25 or the MADRS; drug resistance to at least three adequate courses of at least 2 different classes of antidepressants; serious neurological evaluation was excluded performing CT or MRI. Group I was treated with drugs and high-frequency rTMS over the left dorso-lateral-prefrontal-cortex. Group II was treated only with drugs. Effectiveness data was gathered at baseline and at week 4. Clinician-rating of depressive symptoms included the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale. All patients underwent an evaluation of neuropsychological battery for the evaluation of different frontal lobe abilities, both before and after rTMS, including the Frontal Assessment Battery and the Stroop Color Word Test interference. Results: Comparison of the two group treatment revealed statistically significant mood improvements in the first group as indexed by a reduction of more than 40% on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and on Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale. Conclusion: Left prefrontal rTMS as combined therapy with drugs produced statistically significant and clinically meaningful antidepressant therapeutic effects greater than single drug treatment [3].
What are the next steps? Combating inadequate response in MDD$$$ Despite the large number of agents available for the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD), response rates to adequate (∼6- week duration) first-line antidepressant therapy are approximately 50% [1] and the proportion of responders decreases with each subsequent medication [2]. As patients experiencing partial/nonresponse to treatment are at increased risk of relapse, morbidity, mortality and greater disease burden due to residual symptoms, alternative strategies are essential. Possible strategies include dose optimisation, switching, combination with antidepressants with different mechanisms of action or augmentation with agents such as thyroxine, lithium and second generation antipsychotics. These strategies have associated risks such as withdrawal symptoms and loss of any initial therapeutic benefit (switching), persistent/additional adverse events, drug- drug interactions and poor adherence (combination and augmentation strategies). Neuromodulation strategies such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy have also demonstrated efficacy in this setting. Of the agents available for augmentation in patients with an inadequate response in MDD, atypical antipsychotics are supported by the largest evidence data-base. A meta-analysis of randomised double-blind, placebo-controlled studies involving ∼3500 patients found that augmentation with atypical antipsychotics significantly improved response and remission versus placebo (p <0.001 for both) [3]. Recent analyses of agents including extended-release quetiapine fumarate have explored the effect on MDD outcomes when treatments are adjunct to SSRIs/SNRIs and have also considered factors including anxiety symptoms, sleep disturbance and disease severity as well as attempting to identify predictors of response. Identifying parameters that affect patients' treatment journeys should aid in the individualisation and optimisation of treatment for MDD.
Use of ECT in drug-refractory schizophrenia - A survey of the current literature$$$ Since its introduction in the 1930 s, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has maintained an important role as an efficacious and evidence-based somatic treatment option in affective or schizophrenic diseases. As opposed to major depressive disorder, ECT is commonly used to a substantially lesser extent for patients with schizophrenia in the USA, UK and most parts of Europe. Accordingly there is comparably little evidence regarding the clinical effectiveness and tolerability of ECT in schizophrenia. Recent clinical studies, meta-analyses and surveys point to the combination of ECT and antipsychotic medication as being advantageous in the treatment of schizophrenia, particularly in those patients who have shown inadequate responses to psychotropic medication alone. Clinical features considered to be predictive for ECT outcome are delusions, hallucinations, presence of affective and catatonic symptoms and absence of negative symptoms as well as a short duration of the current episode. National and international guidelines suggest ECT as an augmentation strategy in treatment-refractory schizophrenia in acute exacerbation and continuation therapy. Considering the fact that a substantial part of schizophrenic patients does not respond sufficiently to pharmacotherapy there still is a lack of well designed, controlled and randomised clinical trials to improve evidence for the promising role of ECT in schizophrenia. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart · New York.
Cerebellum to motor cortex paired associative stimulation induces bidirectional STDP-like plasticity in human motor cortex$$$ The cerebellum is crucially important for motor control and adaptation. Recent non-invasive brain stimulation studies have indicated the possibility to alter the excitability of the cerebellum and its projections to the contralateral motor cortex with behavioral consequences on motor control and adaptation. Here we sought to induce bidirectional spike-timing dependent plasticity (STDP)-like modifications of motor cortex (M1) excitability by application of paired associative stimulation (PAS) in healthy subjects. Conditioning stimulation over the right lateral cerebellum (CB) preceded focal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the left M1 hand area at an interstimulus interval of 2 ms (CB→M1 PAS<inf>2</inf>ms) 6ms (CB→M1 PAS<inf>6ms</inf>) or 10ms (CB→M1 PAS<inf>10ms</inf>) or randomly alternating intervals of 2 and 10 ms (CB→M1 PAS<inf>Control</inf>). Effects of PAS on M1 excitability were assessed by the motor-evoked potential (MEP) amplitude short-interval intracortical inhibition (SICI) intracortical facilitation (ICF) and cerebellar-motor cortex inhibition (CBI) in the first dorsal interosseous muscle of the right hand. CB→M1 PAS2ms resulted in MEP potentiation CB→M1 PAS<inf>6ms</inf> and CB→M1 PAS<inf>10ms</inf> in MEP depression and CB→M1 PAS<inf>Control</inf> in no change. The MEP changes lasted for 30-60 min after PAS. SICI and CBI decreased non-specifically after all PAS protocols while ICF remained unaltered. The physiological mechanisms underlying these MEP changes are carefully discussed. Findings support the notion of bidirectional STDP-like plasticity in M1 mediated by associative stimulation of the cerebello-dentato-thalamo-cortical pathway and M1. Future studies may investigate the behavioral significance of this plasticity. © 2012 Lu Tsaiand Ziemann.
2012 Oman heart association simplified guidelines for the management of patients with unstable angina/Non-ST-elevation myocardial infarction$$$ Although current practice guidelines provide an evidence-based approach to the management of acute coronary syndromes, application of the evidence by individual physicians has been suboptimal. This gap between comprehensive guidelines and actual practice stimulated Oman Heart Association to issue a simplified series for the management of the common cardiac abnormalities to be applied by the entire cardiac caregivers all over the country. This simplified approach for the management of non-ST-elevation acute coronary syndrome provides a practical and systematic means to implement evidence-based medicine into clinical practice. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams &Wilkins.
A randomized double-blind sham-controlled comparison of unilateral and bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant major depression$$$ Objectives. High frequency left-sided (HFL) and low frequency right-sided (LFR) unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) are efficacious in treatment-resistant major depression (TRD). Similar benefit has been suggested for sequential bilateral rTMS (LFR then HFL). There are few published reports on the efficacy of sequential bilateral rTMS compared to HFL and sham rTMS. Therefore, this study evaluated the efficacy of HFL and sequential bilateral rTMS compared to sham in TRD. Methods. Subjects between the ages of 18 and 85 were recruited from a tertiary care university hospital. Seventy-four subjects with TRD and a 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) greater than 21 were randomized to receive unilateral, bilateral, or sham rTMS. The rates of remission were compared among the three treatment groups. Results. The remission rates differed significantly among the three treatment groups using a modified intention to treat analysis that excluded subjects who did not respond to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) during the current episode. The remission rate was significantly higher in the bilateral group than the sham group. The remission rate in the unilateral group did not differ from either group. Conclusion. These findings warrant larger controlled studies that compare the efficacy of sequential bilateral rTMS and HFL rTMS in TRD. © 2012 Informa Healthcare.
Evidence-based options for treatment-resistant adult bipolar disorder patients$$$ Objectives: Many patients diagnosed with bipolar disorder (BD) respond incompletely or unsatisfactorily to available treatments. Given the potentially devastating nature of this prevalent disorder, there is a pressing need to improve clinical care of such patients. Methods: We performed a literature review of the research findings related to treatment-resistant BD reported through February 2012. Results: Therapeutic trials for treatment-resistant bipolar mania are uncommon, and provide few promising leads other than the use of clozapine. Far more pressing challenges are the depressive-dysthymic-dysphoric-mixed phases of BD and long-term prophylaxis. Therapeutic trials for treatment-resistant bipolar depression have assessed anticonvulsants, modern antipsychotics, glutamate [N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA)] antagonists, dopamine agonists, calcium-channel blockers, and thyroid hormones, as well as behavioral therapy, sleep deprivation, light therapy, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation, and deep brain stimulation-all of which are promising but limited in effectiveness. Several innovative pharmacological treatments (an anticholinesterase, a glutamine antagonist, a calcium-channel blocker, triiodothyronine, olanzapine and topiramate), ECT, and cognitive-behavior therapy have some support for long-term treatment of resistant BD patients, but most of trials of these treatments have been methodologically limited. Conclusions: Most studies identified were small, involved supplementation of typically complex ongoing treatments, varied in controls, randomization, and blinding, usually involved brief follow-up, and lacked replication. Clearer criteria for defining and predicting treatment resistance in BD are needed, as well as improved trial design with better controls, assessment of specific clinical subgroups, and longer follow-up. © 2012 John Wiley and Sons A/S.
Pain management$$$ Despite published guidelines and educational programs on the assessment and treatment of cancer-related pain, in any stage of oncological disease, unrelieved pain continues to be a substantial worldwide public health concern either in patients with solid and haematological malignancies. The proper and regular self-reporting assessment of pain is the first step for an effective and individualized treatment. Opioids are the mainstay of analgesic therapy and can be associated with non-opioids drugs such as paracetamol or non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs and to adjuvant drugs (for neuropathic pain and symptom control). The role and the utility of weak opioids (i.e. codeine, dihydrocodeine, tramadol) are a controversy point. Morphine has been placed by World Health Organization on its Essential Drug List. In the comparative study with other strong opioids (hydromorphone, oxycodone), there is no evidence to show superiority or inferiority with morphine as the first choice opioid. Oral methadone is a useful and safe alternative to morphine. Methadone presents the potential to control pain difficult to manage with other opioids. although the oral route of opioid administration is considered the one of choice, intravenous, subcutaneous, rectal, transdermal, sublingual, intranasal, and spinal routes must be used in particular situation. Transdermal opioids such as fentanyl and buprenorphine are best reserved for patients whose opioid requirements are stable. Switching from one opioid to another can improve analgesia and tolerability. © The author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the European Society for Medical Oncology. all rights reserved.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in the treatment of major depression: a meta-analysis.$$$ So far, no comprehensive answer has emerged to the question of whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can make a clinically useful contribution to the treatment of major depression. We aim to present a systematic review and meta-analysis of tDCS in the treatment of depression. Medline and Embase were searched for open-label and randomized controlled trials of tDCS in depression using the expressions ('transcranial direct current stimulation' or 'tDCS') and ('depression' or 'depressed'). Study data were extracted with a standardized data sheet. For randomized controlled trials, effect size (Hedges' g) was calculated and the relationships between study variables and effect size explored using meta-regression. A total of 108 citations were screened and 10 studies included in the systematic review. Six randomized controlled trials were included in the meta-analysis, with a cumulative sample of 96 active and 80 sham tDCS courses. Active tDCS was found to be more effective than sham tDCS for the reduction of depression severity (Hedges' g=0.743, 95% confidence interval 0.21-1.27), although study results differed more than expected by chance (Q=15.52, df=6, p=0.017, I2=61.35). Meta-regression did not reveal any significant correlations. Our study was limited by the small number of studies included, which often had small sample size. Future studies should use larger, if possible representative, health service patient samples, and optimized protocols to evaluate the efficacy of tDCS in the treatment of depression further.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: Response factor$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a brain stimulation technique that has been investigated as a novel treatment for psychiatric disorders, notably in major depression, and has shown statistically significant effects. The authors found it necessary to propose an up-to-date review of positive predictors for antidepressive response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Method: Based on an exhaustive consultation of Medline data, supplemented by a manual research, only works evaluating response factors of rTMS in major depression were retained. Results: Twenty-nine studies were retained, including meta-analyses, reviews, randomized controlled trials and open trials. The most concordant data clearly indicate that a high score of treatment resistance, a long duration of current episode, advanced age, and psychotic symptoms are negative predictors for treatment response to rTMS. In the older patients, menopausal women are especially concerned. However, some parameters should be adapted to the degree of cortical atrophy such as intensity of stimulation or total number of rTMS sessions. Previous response to rTMS therapy seems to be a good predictor contrary to non-response to electroconvulsive therapy. Adjunctive antidepressant treatment shows greater responsiveness to rTMS contrary to benzodiazepine or anticonvulsant treatment. To our knowledge, no study compares unipolar and bipolar depression, the profile of depression is not established yet. Imaging studies show that TMS antidepressant responders differed from non-responders in inferior frontal activity, at baseline, and even more so following treatment. Furthermore, reduced baseline cerebral metabolism in cerebellar, temporal, anterior cingulate and occipital regions of the brain was correlated with improvement after two weeks of fast (20 Hz) left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) rTMS. Additionally, a right frontal region emerges with divergent polarity in the metabolic prediction of response to low rTMS. Inhibiting right DLPFC or stimulating DLPFC shows similar results, the choice on the side of stimulation does not seem determining. Bilateral stimulation for the moment does not seem superior to unilateral stimulation. Parameters of stimulation associated with effectiveness of rTMS are an intensity of stimulation higher than 100% of the motor threshold, a number of stimulations per sessions superior to 1000, and a full number of days of treatment greater than 10. Discussion: Parameters of stimulation must be adapted according to the treated patients. For example, older patients who present cortical atrophy need higher intensity of stimulation. Other criteria could influence effectiveness of rTMS in the same way. Would it be necessary, for example, to adapt the duration or the intensity of stimulation according to the severity of the depressive episode or its duration of evolution? Do antecedents of resistance to a pharmacological treatment oblige us to stimulate differently? Few studies exceed 10 days of treatment; will longer duration of treatment be more effective? Also, we did not find any data on the interest of maintenance treatment among responders. Should the characteristics of the depressive disorder or its evolution require maintenance treatment? What will be its rhythm and its duration? Should we adapt rTMS parameters to abnormalities highlighted by functional neuroimagery? The prospects for work remain numerous. © 2011 LEncéphale, Paris.
Perioperative intravenous lidocaine decreases the incidence of persistent pain after breast surgery$$$ Objectives: Breast cancer surgery is associated with a high incidence of persistent postsurgical pain (PPSP). The aim of this study was to evaluate the impact of intravenous (IV) lidocaine on acute and PPSP, analgesic requirements, and sensation abnormalities in patients undergoing surgery for breast cancer. Methods: Thirty-six patients participated in this randomized, double-blinded study. Before induction of general anesthesia, patients received a bolus of intravenous lidocaine 1.5 mg/kg followed by a continuous infusion of lidocaine 1.5 mg/kgh (lidocaine group) or an equal volume of saline (control group). The infusion was stopped 1 hour after the skin closure. Pain scores and analgesic consumption were recorded at 2, 4, 24 hours, and then daily for 1 week postoperatively. Three months later, patients were assessed for PPSP and secondary hyperalgesia. Results: Two (11.8%) patients in the lidocaine group and 9 (47.4%) patients in the control group reported PPSP at 3 months follow-up (P=0.031). McGill Pain Questionnaire revealed greater present pain intensity-visual analog scale in the control group (14.6±22.5 vs. 2.6±7.5; P=0.025). Secondary hyperalgesia (area of hyperalgesia/length of surgical incision) was significantly less in the lidocaine group compared with control group (0.2±0.8 vs. 3.2±4.5 cm; P=0.002). The 2 groups were similar in terms of analgesic consumption during the early postoperative period. Discussion: Intravenous perioperative lidocaine decreases the incidence and severity of PPSP after breast cancer surgery. Prevention of the induction of central hyperalgesia is a potential mechanism. © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Heartache and heartbreak-the link between depression and cardiovascular disease$$$ The close, bidirectional relationship between depression and cardiovascular disease is well established. Major depression is associated with an increased risk of coronary artery disease and acute cardiovascular sequelae, such as myocardial infarction, congestive heart failure, and isolated systolic hypertension. Morbidity and mortality in patients with cardiovascular disease and depression are significantly higher than in patients with cardiovascular disease who are not depressed. Various pathophysiological mechanisms might underlie the risk of cardiovascular disease in patients with depression: increased inflammation; increased susceptibility to blood clotting (owing to alterations in multiple steps of the clotting cascade, including platelet activation and aggregation); oxidative stress; subclinical hypothyroidism; hyperactivity of the sympatho-adrenomedullary system and the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis; reductions in numbers of circulating endothelial progenitor cells and associated arterial repair processes; decreased heart rate variability; and the presence of genetic factors. Early identification of patients with depression who are at risk of cardiovascular disease, as well as prevention and appropriate treatment of cardiovascular disease in these patients, is an important and attainable goal. However, adequately powered studies are required to determine the optimal treatment regimen for patients with both depression and cardiovascular disorders. © 2012 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
The involvement of the left ventrolateral prefrontal cortex in tinnitus: A TMS study$$$ Tinnitus is an auditory phantom percept with a tone, hissing or buzzing sound in the absence of any objective physical sound source. Tinnitus is considered to be an auditory phantom phenomenon analogous to somatosensory phantom pain. Controllable versus uncontrollable pain is characterized by an increased activity in the ventrolateral prefrontal cortex (VLPFC), and activation in the VLPFC correlating with perceived control over pain results in a decrease in subjective pain intensity. Depressed individuals show less activation than healthy controls in the left VLPFC in response to sad autobiographical scripts, and greater relative left prefrontal activation is related to a greater disposition to approach-related, positive affect with a greater ability to regulate negative affect. Based on the theory that non-pulsatile tinnitus can be considered the auditory analogue for deafferentation pain, we hypothesize that the left VLPFC might also be involved in control of tinnitus. We conducted a transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) study verifying whether modulating the left VLPFC by TMS can modulate the loudness of tinnitus. We studied 60 patients with chronic tinnitus of which 21 patients received in random order sham and 1-Hz stimulation, while 39 patients received in random order sham and 10-Hz stimulation. Our results show that 10-Hz stimulation can modulate tinnitus loudness, while 1-Hz stimulation does not seem to exert the same effect. Our findings give further support to the fact that non-auditory areas are involved in tinnitus. © Springer-Verlag 2012.
Rapid antidepressant effect of ketamine in the electroconvulsive therapy setting$$$ Objectives: Studies now provide strong evidence that the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist ketamine possesses rapidly acting antidepressant properties. This study aimed to determine if a low dose of ketamine could be used to expedite and augment the antidepressant effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatments in patients experiencing a severe depressive episode. Materials and Methods: Subjects with major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder referred for ECT treatment of a major depressive episode were randomized to receive thiopental alone or thiopental plus ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) for anesthesia before each ECT session. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) was administered at baseline and at 24 to 72 hours after the first and sixth ECT sessions. Results: Electroconvulsive therapy exerted a significant antidepressant effect in both groups (F2,24 = 14.35, P < 0.001). However, there was no significant group effect or group-by-time interaction on HDRS scores. In addition, post hoc analyses of the time effect on HDRS showed no significant HDRS reduction after the first ECT session for either group. Conclusions: The results of this pilot study suggest that ketamine, at a dose of 0.5 mg/kg, given just before ECT, did not enhance the antidepressant effect of ECT. Interestingly, the results further suggest that the coadministration of ketamine with a barbiturate anesthetic and ECT may attenuate the immediate antidepressant effects of the N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonist. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Ultra-high-frequency left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as augmentation in severely ill patients with depression: A naturalistic sham-controlled, double-blind, randomized trial$$$ Background and Aim: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is supposed to be not as effective in severe depression as it is in medium depression. We evaluated the treatment response to an ultra-high-frequency (UHF; 30 Hz) approach, which was used to maximize the rTMS efficacy in severely ill patients. Methods: 43 severely depressed patients were included in the randomized, double-blind study and received either rTMS with 30 Hz over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or sham condition for 3 weeks as an add-on therapy to stable antidepressant medication. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and cognitive performance were evaluated before and after the intervention. Results: In the active UHF group, the HRDS score was reduced by about 7.2, whereas the sham condition showed a smaller reduction of the HDRS score with 3.9. However, lithium as a covariant was responsible for the outcome difference, not the group of stimulation. No adverse events were reported. Comparing the differences of both groups in the pre- and post-study performance in a trail-making test, a group effect for the UHF group that was not influenced by the lithium intake was observed. Conclusion: A 30-Hz left prefrontal rTMS in severely depressed patients was safe and no adverse events occurred. Due to a strong effect of lithium as a covariate, we could not demonstrate favorable antidepressant effects of the UHF stimulation compared to sham. However, we found an improvement of processing speed performance in the UHF group, which covaried with improvement of psychomotor retardation. Copyright © 2012 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Effects of non-invasive cortical stimulation on fatigue and quality of life in post-polio patients: A double blind realsham study$$$ Background: Fatigue, a disabling symptom of post-polio syndrome is from central or peripheral origin. Central fatigue has been related both to changes in the activity of spinal motoneurons and to reduced supra spinal drive, accompanied by changes in motor cortex excitability and altered pre-motor cortex activation. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a non-invasive technique for modulating brain excitability. In this study we investigated whether brain polarization could modulate central fatigue and therefore could improve quality of life. Methods: This was a prospective, double blind, real/sham study. Subjects were inpatients who performed a threeweeks rehabilitative-hospitalization and underwent a five days stimulation session (real/sham, bianodal, bilateral motor cortex,1.5mA, 20min). 32 consecutive eligible patients fulfilled inclusion criteria. We evaluated patients, at baseline and two days after the end of stimulation sessions, for fatigue, pain, depression and quality of life. Results: All the patients except one bore the stimulation procedures. No adverse effects were reported. Fatigue and quality of life improved in both groups (p<0.05) without group effect, while pain improved in both groups (p<0.05) but with a group effect (pain improved more in real stimulation). Conclusion: Our patients performed a rehabilitation protocol during stimulation, demonstrating that there is no add-on effect on symptoms like fatigue. A stimulation effect is reported for pain, in agreement with literature. Noninvasive brain stimulation could be a useful tool in rehabilitation settings, but the physicians could have in mind the therapeutic target in the patient before stimulation.
Treatment of depression by rTMS: Do the neuro-anatomic criteria matter?$$$ Background and objectives.- The limited response rates of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) on depressive disorders can be explained by poor definition of the cortical target, the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Indeed, the DLPFC is a large cortical region that comprises the Brodmann areas 9 and 46 (BA 9 and 46), two different cytoarchitectural sub-regions.We hypothesized that the stimulation of only one of these two sub-regions would improve the symptoms of depression. Methods.- In a blinded crossover study, 15 patients with treatmentresistant depression were randomly assigned to two groups. Firstly, they received one Hz-rTMS for 2 weeks to either BA 9 or BA 46 depending on their group. Secondly, after a 4-week washout period, they received rTMS to the other BA. A neuro-navigation system was used to target BA 9 and BA 46. The therapeutic response was assessed for the two cortical targets using the Hamilton and Montgomery Depression rating scales. Results and discussion.- During the first period of stimulation, seven of the 15 patients achieved a therapeutic response with stimulation of both BA 9 (n = 3) and BA 46 (n = 4). Except one patient, non-responder patients of the first period did not achieve a therapeutic response with stimulation to the other BA during the second period of stimulation. By contrast, all responder patients, who relapsed during the washout period, achieved a therapeutic response during the second period (in either BA). As a result, it seems that the therapeutic response of rTMS does not depend on the cortical target chosen inside the DLPFC. For nonresponder patients, variations in the depth of the cortex may partly explain why rTMS is ineffective.
Effect of a two-week rTMS treatment on brain activity in healthy subjects during a working memory task: A randomized double blind study$$$ Background and objectives.- Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has shown significant efficiency in the treatment of several psychiatric disorders [1]. In depression, the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (lDLPFC) is the main target for rTMS, but the effects of this stimulation on cognitive functions and their neural correlates are not well known. The N-back working memory task which robustly activates the left DLPFC in a load-dependent manner is therefore an interesting tool to investigate this issue at both behavioural and metabolic levels. On this basis, our objective was to determine the impact of rTMS applied to the lDLPFC on brain activity during a working memory task in healthy subjects. Methods.- Using a randomized double-blind design, twenty subjects received either active rTMS targeting left DLPFC (10 sessions; one session a day; frequency = 10 Hz; intensity = 110% of motor threshold) or placebo treatment (sham coil). Subjects performed an N-back task during two functional magnetic resonance imaging sessions (one before, and one after active/sham rTMS). Results.- Behavioural performances remained unchanged in both groups. Bilateral DLPFC and left striatum showed a significant group-by-time interaction effect with a trend to decreased loaddependent activations following rTMS. Discussion.- rTMS applied on the left DLPFC has a direct effect on the responsiveness of the targeted region but also an indirect effect on remote cortical and subcortical network of the working memory brain circuit. Since task performance is preserved despite these metabolic changes, this study suggests that rTMS could induce more efficient mobilization of neural resources.
The consecutive effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on motor and non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease$$$ The aim of this study is to evaluate the effect of high frequent rTMS of primary motor cortex (M1) in PD patients. The study is a double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover design. Twenty idiopathic PD patients completed the study. Motor and non-motor parameters were evaluated through the United Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), VAS, self-assessment scores and finger tapping measurements along with depression (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, HDS). Evaluations were carried out before treatment with rTMS (pre-evaluation, PRE), after the rTMS treatment (post-evaluae- tion, POST), and 1 week after POST (POST-2). All PD patients received real rTMS and sham rTMS daily for each 3 days, (1000 pulses at 10 Hz) applied with a figure-of-eight coil. There were no adverse events in this study. With concern to motor symptoms, UPDRS, VAS, self-assessment scores and finger tapping measurements for the real rTMS were significantly improved when compared with those of the sham rTMS (p < 0.05). On the other hand, measures of non-motor symptoms did not significantly differ between real rTMS and sham rTMS. These findings suggested that 10-Hz rTMS of M1 significantly improve motor symptoms.
Evidence-based options for treatment-resistant adult bipolar disorder patients$$$ Background and Hypothesis: Many patients diagnosed with bipolar disorder (BD) respond incompletely or unsatisfactorily to the available treatments. Given the potentially devastating nature of this prevalent disorder, there is a pressing need to improve clinical care of such patients. We systematically review extant empirical studies for the management of treatment-resistant BD, summarise the main studies examining pharmacological and non-pharmacological options, discuss the key findings, limitations, clinical implications, and suggest future research directions. Methods: Systematic review of research findings related to treatment-resistant BD reported through June 2012. Results: Therapeutic trials for treatment-resistant bipolar mania are uncommon, and provide few promising leads other than use of clozapine. Far more pressing challenges are the depressive-dysthymicdysphoric- mixed phases of BD and long-term prophylaxis. Therapeutic trials for treatment-resistant BD-depression have assessed anticonvulsants, antipsychotics, glutamate (NMDA) antagonists, dopamine agonists, calcium-channel blockers, and thyroid hormones, as well as behavioral therapy, sleep-deprivation, light-therapy, electroconvulsive treatment, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), and deep brain stimulation-all of which are promising but limited in effectiveness. Several innovative pharmacological treatments (an anticholinesterase, glutamine antagonist, calcium-channel blocker, triiodothyronine, olanzapine and topiramate), electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and cognitive-behaviour therapy have some support for long-term treatment of resistant BD patients, but most of their trials are methodologically limited. Discussion and Conclusion: Most studies identified were small, involved supplementation of typically complex on-going treatments, varied in controls, randomidation, and blinding, usually involve brief follow-up, and lack replication. Clearer criteria for defining and predicting treatment-resistance in BD, improved trialdesign with better controls, assessment of specific clinical subgroups, and longer follow-up are needed.
Cerebellum to motor cortex paired associative stimulation induces bidirectional STDP-like plasticity in human motor cortex$$$ The cerebellum is crucially important for motor control and motor adaptation. Recent non-invasive brain stimulation studies have indicated the possibility to alter the excitability of the cerebellum and its projections to the contralateral motor cortex, with behavioral consequences on motor control and motor adaptation. Here we sought to induce bidirectional spike-timing dependent plasticity (STDP)-like modifications of motor cortex (M1) excitability by application of paired associative stimulation (PAS) in healthy subjects. Conditioning stimulation over the right lateral cerebellum (CB) preceded focal TMS of the left M1 hand area at an interstimulus interval of 2 ms (CB→M1 PAS<inf>2ms</inf>), 6 ms (CB→M1 PAS<inf>6ms</inf>) or 10 ms (CB→M1 PAS<inf>10ms</inf>) or randomly alternating intervals of 2 and 10 ms (CB→M1 PAS<inf>Control</inf>). Effects of PAS on M1 excitability were assessed by the motor evoked potential (MEP) amplitude, short-interval intracortical inhibition (SICI), intracortical facilitation (ICF) and cerebellar-motor cortex inhibition (CBI) in the first dorsal interosseous muscle of the right hand. CB→M1 PAS<inf>2ms</inf> resulted in MEP potentiation, CB→M1 PAS<inf>6ms</inf> and CB→M1 PAS<inf>10ms</inf> in MEP depression, and CB→M1 PAS<inf>Control</inf> in no change. The MEP changes lasted for 30-60 min after PAS. SICI and CBI decreased non-specifically after all PAS protocols, while ICF remained unaltered. The physiological mechanisms underlying these MEP changes are carefully discussed. Findings support the notion of bidirectional STDP-like plasticity in M1 mediated by associative stimulation of the cerebello-dentato-thalamo-cortical pathway and M1. Future studies may investigate the behavioral significance of this plasticity.
Inter-rater and test-retest reliability of quality assessments by novice student raters using the Jadad and Newcastle-Ottawa Scales$$$ Introduction: Quality assessment of included studies is an important component of systematic reviews. Objective: The authors investigated inter-rater and test-retest reliability for quality assessments conducted by inexperienced student raters. Design: Student raters received a training session on quality assessment using the Jadad Scale for randomised controlled trials and the Newcastle-Ottawa Scale (NOS) for observational studies. Raters were randomly assigned into five pairs and they each independently rated the quality of 13-20 articles. These articles were drawn from a pool of 78 papers examining cognitive impairment following electroconvulsive therapy to treat major depressive disorder. The articles were randomly distributed to the raters. Two months later, each rater re-assessed the quality of half of their assigned articles. Setting: McMaster Integrative Neuroscience Discovery and Study Program. Participants: 10 students taking McMaster Integrative Neuroscience Discovery and Study Program courses. Main outcome measures: The authors measured inter-rater reliability using k and the intraclass correlation coefficient type 2,1 or ICC(2,1). The authors measured testeretest reliability using ICC (2,1). Results: Inter-rater reliability varied by scale question. For the six-item Jadad Scale, question-specific ks ranged from 0.13 (95% CI -0.11 to 0.37) to 0.56 (95% CI 0.29 to 0.83). The ranges were -0.14 (95% CI -0.28 to 0.00) to 0.39 (95% CI -0.02 to 0.81) for the NOS cohort and -0.20 (95% CI -0.49 to 0.09) to 1.00 (95% CI 1.00 to 1.00) for the NOS case-control. For overall scores on the six-item Jadad Scale, ICC(2,1)s for inter-rater and testeretest reliability (accounting for systematic differences between raters) were 0.32 (95% CI 0.08 to 0.52) and 0.55 (95% CI 0.41 to 0.67), respectively. Corresponding ICC(2,1)s for the NOS cohort were -0.19 (95% CI -0.67 to 0.35) and 0.62 (95% CI 0.25 to 0.83), and for the NOS case-control, the ICC(2,1)s were 0.46 (95% CI -0.13 to 0.92) and 0.83 (95% CI 0.48 to 0.95). Conclusions: Inter-rater reliability was generally poor to fair and testeretest reliability was fair to excellent. A pilot rating phase following rater training may be one way to improve agreement.
MK-801 or DNQX reduces electroconvulsive shock-induced impairment of learning-memory and hyperphosphorylation of Tau in rats$$$ This study explored the effect of the excitatory amino acid receptor antagonists on the impairment of learning-memory and the hyperphosphorylation of Tau protein induced by electroconvulsive shock (ECT) in depressed rats, in order to provide experimental evidence for the study on neuropsychological mechanisms improving learning and memory impairment and the clinical intervention treatment. The analysis of variance of factorial design set up two intervention factors which were the electroconvulsive shock (two level: no disposition; a course of ECT) and the excitatory amino acid receptor antagonists (three level: iv saline; iv NMDA receptor antagonist MK-801; iv AMPA receptor antagonist DNQX). Forty-eight adult Wistar-Kyoto (WKY) rats (an animal model for depressive behavior) were randomly divided into six experimental groups (n = 8 in each group): saline (iv 2 mL saline through the tail veins of WKY rats ); MK-801 (iv 2 mL 5 mg/kg MK-801 through the tail veins of WKY rats) ; DNQX (iv 2 mL 5 mg/kg DNQX through the tail veins of WKY rats ); saline + ECT (iv 2 mL saline through the tail veins of WKY rats and giving a course of ECT); MK-801 + ECT (iv 2 mL 5 mg/kg MK-801 through the tail veins of WKY rats and giving a course of ECT); DNQX + ECT (iv 2 mL 5 mg/kg DNQX through the tail veins of WKY rats and giving a course of ECT). The Morris water maze test started within 1 day after the finish of the course of ECT to evaluate learning and memory. The hippocampus was removed from rats within 1 day after the finish of Morris water maze test. The content of glutamate in the hippocampus of rats was detected by high performance liquid chromatography. The contents of Tau protein which included Tau5 (total Tau protein), p-PHF1(Ser396/404), p-AT8(Ser199/202) and p-12E8(Ser262) in the hippocampus of rats were detected by immunohistochemistry staining (SP) and Western blot. The results showed that ECT and the glutamate ionic receptor blockers (NMDA receptor antagonist MK-801 and AMPA receptor antagonist DNQX) induced the impairment of learning and memory in depressed rats with extended evasive latency time and shortened space exploration time. And the two factors presented a subtractive effect. ECT significantly up-regulated the content of glutamate in the hippocampus of depressed rats which were not affected by the glutamate ionic receptor blockers. ECT and the glutamate ionic receptor blockers did not affect the total Tau protein in the hippocampus of rats. ECT up-regulated the hyperphosphorylation of Tau protein in the hippocampus of depressed rats, while the glutamate ionic receptor blockers down-regulated it, and combination of the two factors presented a subtractive effect. Our results indicate that ECT up-regulates the content of glutamate in the hippocampus of depressed rats, which up-regulates the hyperphosphorylation of Tau protein resulting in the impairment of learning and memory in depressed rats.
Does periarticular injection have additional pain relieving effects during contemporary multimodal pain control protocols for TKA?: A randomised, controlled study$$$ Although the analgesic effects of periarticular multimodal drug injection (PMDI) after TKA have been well documented, there is little information about additional pain relieving effects of PMDI incorporated to contemporary multimodal pain control protocols which have been proved to provide excellent analgesia. We performed a parallel-group, randomised, controlled study to determine whether PMDI provides additional clinical benefits on contemporary multimodal analgesic protocols including preemptive analgesics, continuous femoral nerve block, and IV-PCA. Eighty-seven patients were randomized to a PMDI group (n= 45) or to a No-PMDI group (n= 42). Pain level and opioid consumption were compared as primary outcomes. The incidences of narcotic and ropivacaine related side effects and complications, functional recovery, and satisfaction were also compared. The PMDI group experienced less pain during the operation night and the 1st postoperative day and showed lower opioid consumption over 24. h after surgery. However, the PMDI group had a higher VAS pain score on the 1st postoperative day than during the operation night. No group differences in side-effects and complication incidences, functional recovery, and satisfaction were found. This study demonstrates that PMDI provides additional pain relief and reduces opioid consumption only during the early postoperative period in patients managed by the contemporary pain management protocol following TKA. © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
Assessing and managing depression and fatigue in motor neuron disease$$$ This review evaluates strategies for assessing and treating depression and fatigue for patients diagnosed with motor neuron disease. A is given of questionnaire, interview and laboratory methods of assessment, including disease-specific techniques. The unique physical demands of the disease may preclude accurate measurement using generic questionnaire measures and disease-validated measures should be used, where available. There is an urgent need to develop psychological therapies for depression that can cater for the needs of motor neuron disease patients and their carers. Currently, no evidence-based treatment exists for fatigue and further work is warranted to systematically evaluate current evidence and develop novel treatments for this burdensome symptom. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd.
Modulation of soleus H reflex by spinal DC stimulation in humans$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the human motor cortex induces changes in excitability within cortical and spinal circuits that occur during and after the stimulation. Recently, transcutaneous spinal direct current stimulation (tsDCS) has been shown to modulate spinal conduction properties, as assessed by somatosensory-evoked potentials, and transynaptic properties of the spinal neurons, as tested by postactivation depression of the H reflex or by the RIII nociceptive component of the flexion reflex in the lower limb. To further explore tsDCS-induced plastic changes in spinal excitability, we examined, in a double-blind crossover randomized study, the stimulus-response curves of the soleus H reflex before, during, at current offset and 15 min after anodal, cathodal, and sham tsDCS delivered at the Th11 level (2.5 mA, 15 min, 0.071 mA/cm2, 0.064 C/cm2) in 17 healthy subjects. Anodal tsDCS induced a progressive leftward shift of the recruitment curve of the soleus H reflex during the stimulation; the effects persisted for at least 15 min after current offset. In contrast, both cathodal and sham tsDCS had no significant effects. This exploratory study provides further evidence for the use of tsDCS as an expedient, noninvasive tool to induce long-lasting plastic changes in spinal circuitry. Increased spinal excitability after anodal tsDCS may have potential for spinal neuromodulation in patients with central nervous system lesions.
The effectiveness of patient control analgesia in the treatment of acute traumatic pain in the emergency department: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Pain seems to be one of the most frequent complaints in the emergency department, however pain control is often suboptimal as seen by many audits. We conducted a study to find out whether the use of patient control analgesia (PCA) is effective in controlling acute pain in the emergency department Methodology: This was a randomized controlled trial conducted in the emergency departments of two tertiary centres over a period of 1 year. Patients were randomized into two groups. The study and the control groups were given analgesia through the PCA system and boluses of analgesia through titration method, respectively. Pain levels were measured using the Visual Analogue Scale at 15 min intervals. Any adverse events and total morphine dose for each group were recorded. Finally, within 24 h, these patients were given questionnaires regarding their experience with regards to pain relief encountered. Results: A total of 47 patients were enrolled. The Visual Analogue Score change over 120 min for PCA and Morphine bolus groups were 5.921 [SD±1.656] and 4.834 (SD±1.797), respectively (P<0.001). However the total dosage of morphine consumed by both groups were statistically insignificant; PCA 7.95 mg (SD±2.44) versus bolus 8.10 (SD±0.99) (P=0.06). The satisfaction questionnaire also revealed that the PCA group of patients was more satisfied using this method of pain relief. Conclusion: PCA provides more effective pain relief and patient satisfaction when compared with the conventional method of bolus intravenous injection for the relief of traumatic pain in the emergency department setting. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Lithium: A switch from LTD- to LTP-like plasticity in human cortex$$$ Lithium, a simple cation, is the mainstay treatment of bipolar disorder. Deficient synaptic plasticity is considered one important mechanism of this disease. Lithium inhibits glycogen synthase kinase-3beta (GSK-3β), which is involved in the regulation of synaptic plasticity. In animal preparations, inhibition of GSK-3β by lithium up-regulated long-term potentiation (LTP) of excitatory synapses but down-regulated long-term depression (LTD). The effects of lithium on plasticity in the human brain are unexplored. We tested the effects of a single oral dose of 900 mg of lithium on LTP-/LTD-like plasticity in human motor cortex induced by established paired associative transcranial magnetic stimulation (PASLTP, PASLTD) protocols. We studied 10 healthy adults in a placebo-controlled double-blind randomized crossover design. PAS-induced plasticity was indexed by change in motor evoked potential amplitude recorded in a hand muscle. In the placebo session, subjects were stratified, according to the known variability of the PASLTP response, into PASLTP 'LTP responders' and PAS LTP 'LTD responders' (n = 5 each). Lithium did not affect the PASLTP-induced LTP-like plasticity in the 'LTP responders', but switched the PASLTP-induced LTD-like plasticity in the 'LTD responders' to LTP-like plasticity. In contrast, lithium had no effect on the PASLTD-induced LTD-like plasticity in the 'LTD responders'. We provide first-time evidence that lithium significantly modulates brain stimulation induced plasticity in human cortex. The switch from LTD- to LTP-like plasticity is best explained by the inhibitory action of lithium on GSK-3β. This conclusion is necessarily circumstantial because GSK-3β activity was not directly measured. We discuss that other important plasticity-related modes actions of lithium cannot explain our findings. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Treatment of depression in older adults$$$ Depression is the most frequent mental disorder in older people, often causing emotional distress and reduced quality of life. Despite its clinical significance, depression remains underdiagnosed and inadequately treated in older patients. Regarding prognosis, data suggest that almost 70% of patients, treated long enough and with appropriate doses, recover from an index episode of depression. Antidepressants are efficient for treating depressed outpatients with several comorbid physical diseases as well as hospitalized patients, with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors being the antidepressants of choice for older patients. Available data can guide pharmacological treatment in both the acute and maintenance stages, but further research is required to guide clinical strategies when remission is not achieved. Approaches for the management of resistance to treatment are summarized, including optimization strategies, drug changes, algorithms, and combined and augmentation pharmacological treatments. Finally, additional therapeutic choices such as electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and integrated psychotherapy are presented. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2012.
Symptomatic treatment of interferon-α-induced depression in hepatitis C: A systematic review$$$ Despite its efficacy in treating hepatitis C, interferon-α (IFN-α) can cause depression. The purpose of this systematic review is to summarize and discuss the available and effective therapies in treating IFN-α-induced depression.Using PubMed, The Cochrane Library, Scopus, Embase, Ovid of Medline, PsycINFO, and ISI Web of Knowledge, we selected 64 articles concerning IFN-α-induced depression treatment in hepatitis C patients.Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors can be considered the first choice for the treatment of IFN-α-induced depression, as demonstrated in open-label studies, case reports, and a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Also 5-hydroxytryptophan and tryptophan have been suggested to be effective as monotherapy or as augmentation of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Clinical cases that show positive effects of tricyclic antidepressants, however, do not provide sufficient evidence for the use of these drugs. Two cohort studies have reported the effectiveness of amisulpride, but not of levosulpiride. Mirtazapine has been suggested to be a better choice of treatment in cases where insomnia or anorexia develop. Milnacipram can be useful in cases of concomitant medications, for the unlikely occurrence of drug-drug interactions. Psychostimulants represent an empirical treatment without controlled data to support their use. Two case reports have shown the favorable use of bupropion, particularly if sexual dysfunction or cravings for illicit drugs are present. A single case report suggests electroconvulsive therapy to be a possible choice when antidepressants are ineffective or poorly tolerated. The main limitation of our review is that the quality of the findings varied across the reviewed studies. Our observations may help clinicians with managing IFN-α-induced depression. © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Neuromodulation therapies and treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) who showed partial response to pharmacological and psychotherapeutic interventions need a trial of neuromodulation therapies (NTs). Objective: This paper aims to review evidence-based data on the use of NTs in TRD. Method: Using keywords and combined-word strategy, multiple computer searches of PubMed, Google Scholar, Quertle(R), and Medline were conducted for retrieving relevant articles published in English-language peer-reviewed journals (2000-2012). Those papers that addressed NTs in TRD were retained for extensive review. Results: Despite methodological challenges, a range of 30%-93% of TRD patients showed substantial improvement to one of the NTs. One hundred-percent improvement was reported in two single-case studies on deep brain stimulation. Some studies reported no benefits from transcranial direct current stimulation. NTs were reported to have good clinical efficacy, better safety margin, and benign side-effect profile. Data are limited regarding randomized clinical trials, long-term efficacy, and cost-effectiveness of these approaches. Both modified electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy were associated with reversible but disturbing neurocognitive adverse effects. Besides clinical utility, NTs including approaches on the horizon may unlock the biological basis underlying mood disorders including TRD. Conclusion: NTs are promising in patients with TRD, as the majority of them show good clinical response measured by standardized depression scales. NTs need further technological refinements and optimization together with continuing well-designed studies that recruit larger numbers of participants with TRD. Treatment-resistant depression, neuromodulation therapies, modified electro- convulsive therapy, deep brain stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, magnetic seizure therapyBackground: Patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) who showed partial response to pharmacological and psychotherapeutic interventions need a trial of neuromodulation therapies (NTs). Objective: This paper aims to review evidence-based data on the use of NTs in TRD. Method: Using keywords and combined-word strategy, multiple computer searches of PubMed, Google Scholar, Quertle(R), and Medline were conducted for retrieving relevant articles published in English-language peer-reviewed journals (2000-2012). Those papers that addressed NTs in TRD were retained for extensive review. Results: Despite methodological challenges, a range of 30%-93% of TRD patients showed substantial improvement to one of the NTs. One hundred-percent improvement was reported in two single-case studies on deep brain stimulation. Some studies reported no benefits from transcranial direct current stimulation. NTs were reported to have good clinical efficacy, better safety margin, and benign side-effect profile. Data are limited regarding randomized clinical trials, long-term efficacy, and cost-effectiveness of these approaches. Both modified electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy were associated with reversible but disturbing neurocognitive adverse effects. Besides clinical utility, NTs including approaches on the horizon may unlock the biological basis underlying mood disorders including TRD. Conclusion: NTs are promising in patients with TRD, as the majority of them show good clinical response measured by standardized depression scales. NTs need further technological refinements and optimization together with continuing well-designed studies that recruit larger numbers of participants with TRD. © 2012 Al-Harbi and Qureshi, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Acute treatment of mania in children and adolescents$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: To examine critically data concerning the efficacy and safety of acute treatments for mania in children and adolescents, in the light of considerable recent emergent evidence. RECENT FINDINGS: We found consistent evidence favouring the use of second-generation antipsychotics (SGAs), limited evidence favouring the use of combinations of SGA with a mood stabilizer, and no evidence supporting the use of mood stabilizer monotherapy in this context. Various SGA drugs are not clearly separated in terms of efficacy, but do differ in their side-effect profiles. There are insufficient data to comment on the benefit of alternative treatments, psychological treatments and electroconvulsive therapy. The presence of common comorbidities has an inconsistent influence on clinical effectiveness. SUMMARY: First-line treatment for mania in children and adolescents is a SGA, with combination therapies offering no clear advantage. Gaps in our knowledge remain about expected time to recovery, and when to augment or change treatment when there is lack of effect. © 2012 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams &Wilkins.
How biomarkers will change psychiatry. Part II: Biomarker selection and potential inflammatory markers of depression$$$ Part I of this series defined biomarkers and discussed their current use in general medicine and their potential research and clinical utility in psychiatry. In this second column in the series, the authors first discuss the rationale for selecting a biomarker. The second half of the column discusses the potential use of inflammatory biomarkers in depression, with a specific focus on derivatives of the inflammatory biomarker, thromboxane, to illustrate how biomarkers can be developed for use in clinical practice. In the future, biomarkers are likely to become an integral component of psychiatric treatment, providing information about a patient's odds of developing an illness, the severity of illness, and level of response to therapeutic interventions. (Journal of Psychiatric Practice 2012;18:281-286) Copyright © 2012 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins Inc.
Efficacy of memoral herbal on prevention of electroconvulsive therapy-induced memory impairment in mood disorder patients (Isfahan - Iran 2011)$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most efficacious treatment for major depressive disorder (MDD), it is also used as a rapid and efficacious treatment for other psychiatric disorders, especially treatment resistant ones. The cognitive impairment is one of the most important side effects of ECT. This study examined the Memoral herbal efficacy in prevention of ECT-induced memory impairment. Methods: In a randomized clinical trial, 70 patients with mood disorders who were candidates for ECT enrolled in either Memoral or Control group, and received either Memoral or placebo. The memory was assessed by Addenbrook Cognitive Examination (ACE), and the findings were analyzed by ANOVA under SPSS18. Results: The Memoral group patients showed significantly higher total ACE scores than placebo group (P < 0.001). The scores of attention and orientation, verbal fluency and memory subscales not only never decreased during the study in Memoral group, but also increased. There was no significant difference between these scores of Memoral and placebo groups for the subscales of language and visuospacial ability. Conclusion: The Memoral herbal is an efficacious and safe choice in prevention of ECT- induced cognitive impairment.
A comparison of propofol and thiopentone for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objectives: To compare propofol and thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with respect to seizure duration, stimulus charge, and clinical effects. Materials and Methods: Randomized, blinded study of 28 patients of depression treated with bilateral ECT. In group P (n = 14), sedation was achieved with propofol 1.5 mg/kg, whereas in group T (n = 14), it was achieved with thiopentone 3 mg/ kg IV. Succinylcholine 0.4 mg/kg intravenous was given in all patients as for neuromuscular blockade. Results: The mean seizure duration of the patients in the thiopental group was 83 34.43 seconds vs. 94.45 21.37 seconds in the propofol group (P < 0.01). The energy delivered per treatment was 10.88 4.78 J in the thiopental group vs. 12.20 4.53 J in the propofol group (P < 0.05). Number of ECTs required were significantly higher in propofol group (9.71 2.87) as compared to thiopental group (5.86 0.36) P < 0.0001. No significant difference in duration of hospitalization was seen in both groups. The mean score on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) was 29.14 in the thiopental group vs. 29.57 in the propofol group (P > 0.05). The mean score on Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) was 7.14 in the thiopental group vs. 3.29 in the propofol group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Propofol significantly increases number of ECT required to treat although the patients received higher electrical charge and had longer seizure duration. BDI scores suggest this resulted in better outcome. Results, however, might be confounded by the differences in pharmacological treatment in the groups.
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) Guidelines for Biological Treatment of Schizophrenia, Part 1: Update 2012 on the acute treatment of schizophrenia and the management of treatment resistance$$$ These updated guidelines are based on a first edition of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry Guidelines for Biological Treatment of Schizophrenia published in 2005. For this 2012 revision, all available publications pertaining to the biological treatment of schizophrenia were reviewed systematically to allow for an evidence-based update. These guidelines provide evidence-based practice recommendations that are clinically and scientifically meaningful and these guidelines are intended to be used by all physicians diagnosing and treating people suffering from schizophrenia. Based on the first version of these guidelines, a systematic review of the MEDLINE/PUBMED database and the Cochrane Library, in addition to data extraction from national treatment guidelines, has been performed for this update. The identified literature was evaluated with respect to the strength of evidence for its efficacy and then categorised into six levels of evidence (A-F; Bandelow et al. 2008b, World J Biol Psychiatry 9:242). This first part of the updated guidelines covers the general descriptions of antipsychotics and their side effects, the biological treatment of acute schizophrenia and the management of treatment-resistant schizophrenia. © 2012 Informa Healthcare.
Yoga as an ancillary treatment for neurological and psychiatric disorders:A review$$$ Yoga is gaining acceptance as an ancillary medical treatment, but there have been few studies evaluating its therapeutic benefits in neurological and major psychiatric conditions. The authors reviewed the literature in English on the efficacy of yoga for these disorders. Only randomized, controlled trials were included, with the exception of the only study of yoga for bipolar disorder, which was observational. Trials were excluded if yoga was not the central component of the intervention. Of seven randomized, controlled trials of yoga in patients with neurological disorders, six found significant, positive effects. Of 13 randomized, controlled trials of yoga in patients with psychiatric disorders, 10 found significant, positive effects. These results, although encouraging, indicate that additional randomized, controlled studies are needed to critically define the benefits of yoga for both neurological and psychiatric disorders. © 2012 American Psychiatric Association.
Successful treatment of catatonic syndrome in bipolar I disorder adding aripiprazole to ECT: A case report$$$ Background and Objectives: Catatonic syndrome is a condition presenting in multiple ways, sharing many of them with the neuroleptic malignant syndrome and other diseases. This diagnostic challenge is the main cause of keep treating catatonic syndromes without neuroleptics. Methods: Review of the literature and a case report. Results: We present the case of a 19 years old bipolar I patient with a severe catatonic syndrome, with a torpid clinical evolution, partial response to benzodiazepines and ECT, which successfully resolved with intramuscular aripiprazole. We found through a syste maticreview (PubMed 2005-2010) that there are few but significant case reports of catatonic syndromes treated with new second generation antipsychotics for different reasons with good outcomes as ours. The pharmacological profile of aripiprazole and the low incidence of NMS reported make it a suitable option in treating this syndrome. Conclusions: We think that this case report could contribute to add more evidence for aripiprazole to be considered a good third-line option in the treatment of catatonic syndrome. However, this would require randomized controlled trials to confirm its effectiveness and safety.
Folates and S-adenosylmethionine for major depressive disorder$$$ Interest in nonpharmaceutical supplements for treating major depressive disorder (MDD) has increased significantly, both among patients and among clinicians during the past decades. Despite the large array of antidepressants (ADs) available, many patients continue to experience relatively modest response and remission rates, in addition to a burden of side effects that can hinder treatment compliance and acceptability. In this article, we review the literature on folates and S-adenosylmethionine (SAMe), 2 natural compounds linked in the 1-carbon cycle metabolic pathway, for which substantial evidence supports their involvement in mood disorders. Background information, efficacy data, proposed mechanisms of action, and side effects are reviewed. Based on existing data, supplementation with SAMe, as well as with various formulations of folates, appears to be efficacious and well tolerated in reducing depressive symptoms. Compared with other forms of folates, 5-methyltetrahydrofolate (L-methylfolate or 5-MTHF) may represent a preferable treatment option for MDD given its greater bioavailability in patients with a genetic polymorphism, and the lower risk of specific side effects associated with folic acid. Although further randomized controlled trials in this area appear warranted, SAMe and L-methylfolate may represent a useful addition to the AD armamentarium.
Clinical applications of noninvasive electrical stimulation: Problems and potential$$$ Both transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can produce lasting aftereffects on cortical function that are thought to be due to the initial stages of synaptic potentiation/depression. They can also interact with processes of normal learning, to increase or decrease the rate of learning and retention. These features have spurred a number of investigators to test whether there is any clinical therapeutic potential for the methods to improve recovery of function after damage to the brain by injury or disease. The only condition where there is sufficient evidence is in certain forms of depression where excitatory rTMS is a recommended treatment protocol; there is insufficient evidence for any other condition. The problem facing investigators is the variety of possible paradigms that can be applied. Particularly for tDCS, only a small range of possible parameters has been tested, even in healthy volunteers; in addition, it is unclear whether stimulation should be applied at the same time as a behavioral therapy or whether stimulation should be applied at rest. Present trials give some evidence that can be used to address these questions, but until they are answered more securely it will be difficult to reach a consensus about "standard" protocols that can then be tested widely in multicenter trials. © The Author(s) 2012.
A randomized controlled trial of sequentially bilateral prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been investigated for its treatment efficacy for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Previous studies have targeted the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), which is associated with the pathophysiology of this disorder. Several rTMS parameters have been explored in the treatment of negative symptoms and include stimulating the left and bilateral DLPFC at several different frequencies and number of sessions. Results of such studies have been inconsistent, while high-frequency rTMS has shown greatest promise. Objective/Hypothesis: The objective of this study was to evaluate the efficacy of bilateral high-frequency rTMS in the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia. It was hypothesized rTMS would alleviate negative symptoms in schizophrenia. Methods: Twenty-five patients were enrolled in this double-blind placebo-controlled randomized trial. Bilateral 20 Hz rTMS was MRI-targeted to the DLPFC at 90% RMT administered daily for 4 weeks for a total of 20 treatments. Negative symptoms were assessed with the Scale for the Assessment of Negative Symptoms (SANS), the Positive and Negative symptom scale (PANSS), and controlling for depression as measured with the Calgary Depression Scale (CDS) at baseline, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 2 weeks after the treatment course. Results: No significant group or time differences were found on negative symptoms or depressive symptoms after rTMS. Bilateral high-frequency rTMS did not alleviate negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Conclusions: These findings indicate that such symptoms are unresponsive to rTMS treatment or that more optimized parameters are needed to achieve improved therapeutic efficacy. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Transcranial direct current stimulation in treatment resistant depression: A randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Background: Anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the prefrontal cortex has been proposed as therapeutic intervention in major depression. According to clinical needs, this study addresses the question whether tDCS is effective in treatment resistant major depressive episodes. Methods: Twenty-two patients with a major depressive episode were randomly assigned to a cross-over protocol comparing tDCS and placebo stimulation add-on to a stable antidepressant medication. The parameters of active tDCS were: 1 or 2 mA for 20 minutes/day, anode over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, cathode over the contralateral supraorbital region. Active and placebo tDCS was applied for 2 weeks using indistinguishable DC stimulators. Patients, raters, and operators were blinded to treatment conditions. Results: There was no significant difference in depression scores after 2 weeks of real compared with 2 weeks of sham tDCS. Scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale were reduced from baseline by 14.7% for active tDCS and 10% for placebo tDCS. In contrast, subjective mood ratings showed an increase in positive emotions after real tDCS compared with sham tDCS. Conclusions: Anodal tDCS, applied for 2 weeks, was not superior to placebo treatment in patients with treatment resistant depression. However, secondary outcome measures are pointing to a positive effect of tDCS on emotions. Therefore, modified and improved tDCS protocols should be carried out in controlled pilot trials to develop tDCS towards an efficacious antidepressant intervention in therapy-resistant depression. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A double blind randomized trial of unilateral left and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression$$$ Objective: A substantive body of research has demonstrated the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment (rTMS) in patients with depression. However, the parameters needed to optimize therapeutic efficacy remain unclear. The aim of this study was to investigate whether there is an advantage in efficacy of sequential bilateral rTMS compared to standard high-frequency left sided rTMS. Method: Sixty seven patients with treatment resistant depression were included in a randomised double-blind sham controlled trial of sequential bilateral rTMS compared to standard high-frequency left sided rTMS and sham rTMS over a three-week period. The study also included a further three week comparison of the two active treatment conditions. The primary outcome variable was scores on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD). Results: In the three-week double-blind phase of the trial there was a greater antidepressant response to unilateral left sided rTMS compared with sham or bilateral rTMS. Across the full six weeks of active rTMS, there was also a consistent pattern of improved response in unilateral left compared to bilateral treatment. Response rates were low in both active groups. Conclusions: This study does not support the hypothesis that sequential bilateral rTMS is more effective than unilateral high-frequency left-sided rTMS. © 2012 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
From psychoanalysis to pharmacotherapy: 1951-2011$$$ In 1951 psychoanalysis dominated psychiatry. Treatment for psychotic patients was in the form of sleep treatment with barbiturates, ECT and insulin coma treatment; depressed patients received amphetamines or opium. 1952/3 saw the first neuroleptics, 1957 the antidepressants and 1968 clozapine. This development allowed effective intervention, many closed wards were opened and the walls surrounding psychiatric hospitals demolished. In this early phase, drug testing was mainly clinician-led and progress came through observation and serendipity. For example, imipramine was tested as a neuroleptic drug and identified as an antidepressant through clinical observation; the drug company assumed clozapine to be ineffective, and lithium prophylaxis was developed purely by clinicians. In the 70s all somatic treatments were discredited as inhuman on ideological grounds and psychotherapy recommended for all disorders. The 90s saw the start of the era of modern atypical neuroleptics and SSRIs; there was no progress in efficacy but unwanted effects decreased. Regulatory agencies (FDA, EMEA) made placebo-controlled trials mandatory but excluded severe patients, leading to an unjustified generalisation of efficacy from moderate to severe states of disorders. Today treatment is determined by overwhelming administrative/management demands, which distress and demotivate staff and drive up the costs of care. Several big pharmaceutical companies have reduced their interest in psychiatry. Nothing will change unless society becomes more positive towards and governments allow greater freedom to psychopharmaceutical research; psychiatrists should take the lead of development again and follow up patients into old age in order to identify, for instance, correlates with dementia and suicide.
Speed of response in bitemporal and bifrontal ECT: A case series$$$ Introduction: There is robust evidence recommending electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating severe acute affective disorders. The clinical use of bitemporal electrode placement is still favoured to unilateral placement with just a relative disadvantage in cognitive side effects. Recently, bifrontal placement has gained popularity but there is still limited evidence on its relative benefits. Objective: Compare bitemporal and bifrontal ECT efficacy in patients with pharmacologically resistant affective disorders, based on the number of acute phase treatments required to reach symptomatic remission. Method: Review of all patients' charts submitted to acute phase ECT, between June 2006 and June 2011. A total of 70 ECT treatment courses performed in a group of 67 patients met inclusion criteria. Thirty-eight of the total 70 courses received bitemporal ECT, and 32 received bifrontal ECT. A statistical analysis was performed. An attempt to use t-test was foiled due to breach of population variance homogeneity (p=0,021). The non-parametric Mann-Whitney test was the alternative choice (M-W=534;p=0,377). Results: Bitemporal and bifrontal groups matched for age and sex. Bitemporal patients received on average five ECT treatments, while the average of bifrontal treatments to remission was six, but this difference was not statistically significant (p>0.05). Conclusions: Our results showed that bitemporal and bifrontal placements are equally effective. According to the largest randomised controlled trial conducted on ECT in depressive illness (Kellner et al,2010), bitemporal placement led to a faster rate of improvement. Additional studies and larger samples are required to understand if bifrontal placement's efficacy and cognitive advantages justify its popularity.
The effect of transcranial direct current stimulation on myofascial trigger pain syndrome$$$ Background Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a noninvasive tool to stimulate deep brain structures. It has been reported to relieve chronic pain [1]. Depression of the thalamus through stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is suggested as a possible mechanism [2]. However, the effect of tDCS on acute pain such as myofascial pain has not been studied. Methods 21 patients with acute trigger point syndrome of the shoulder muscles were randomly assigned to one of three groups; tDCS applied to the motor cortex (M1) group; tDCS applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) group; and a sham group. Evaluation parameters were visual analogue scale, pain threshold test and Short form McGill pain questionnaire. tDCS were applied for 20 mins every day for 5 days. The evaluation parameters were obtained before and right after each treatment. Results The VAS scores decreased 2.75(M1), 3.07(DLPFC), and 1.17 (sham) from the baseline values after 5 days of treatment. The VAS scores decreased 2.44, 2.64, and 1.17 after the trigger point injection after 5 days of treatment. In the DLPFC group, VASscore significantly decreased after 2 sessions of tDCS treatment. Conclusion Adding tDCS to trigger point injection provides additional effect in the treatment of myofascial trigger points/myofascial pain.
On repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS) and divided attention in healthy subjects$$$ Background and Aims: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is now established as a useful non-invasive tool in neuroscience. The effect of rTMS in treatment of depression has been investigated extensively with stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Several studies have demonstrated a close connection between divided attention and the activity of DLFPC. This study was designed to determine whether 5 or 20 Hz rTMS over the DLPFC have an effect on divided attention in healthy subjects. Method: Twenty voluntary subjects (17 female; 3 male; mean age 57 (50- 64) years with no history of neurological or psychiatric diseases were recruited for the study. Five Hz or 20 Hz rTMS-stimulation were administered in a randomized way at DLPFC to all subjects during two separate days. The test“Divided attention” from the computer-based test battery“Test for attentional performance” (TAP) was used for measuring the effects of rTMS stimulation. The divided attention test was administered four times in a series of four test blocks. Sham or active rTMS-stimulation was given during two of the test blocks. Results: No statistically significant group differences were found for any of the variables“auditive and visual reaction times,”“omissions” or“erratic.” At the 5 Hz stimulation, a higher number of omissions were indicated for the sham stimulation, however the differences between the groups were not significant after correction. A second analysis was made according to the order of the administration of the TMS-stimulation. In these analyses no statistically significant group differences were found for any of the variables. Conclusions: This study could not detect any statistical significant effects on divided attention after rTMS (5 Hz- and 20 Hz-stimulation) given over the cortical area frequently used clinically in antidepressive treatment (DLPFC) as compared to sham stimulation, neither facilitating nor inhibiting.
Effect of electroconvulsive shock on the glutamate level and the hyperphosphorylation of protein tau in depression rat models whose olfactory bulbs were removed$$$ Objective: To explore the effect of the electroconvulsive shock (ECS) on the glutamate level and the hyperphosphorylation of tau protein in depressed rats. Methods: The depression rat models whose olfactory bulbs were removed were established. Using the analysis of variance of factorial design, we set up two intervention factors including electric current (three levels: 25, 50, and 75 mA) and duration (three levels: 3, 6, and 9 times), which constituted 9 combinations (n = 6). Fifty-four adult depression rat models whose olfactory bulbs were removed were randomly divided into nine experimental groups (n = 6 in each group). The hippocampus was removed within 12 hours after the ECS finished. The level of glutamate in the hippocampus was detected by high-performance liquid chromatography, and that of Tau protein, which includes p-PHF-1Ser396/404, p-AT8Ser199/202, and p-12E8 Ser262, in the hippocampus with Western blot analysis. Results: The glutamate level and the hyperphosphorylation of tau protein in the hippocampus of depressed rats remarkably increased. The changes of the hyperphosphorylation of tau protein were correlated with the electric current and duration of ECS, and these two factors showed an synergic effect. Conclusion: ECS enhances the hyperphosphorylation of tau protein in the hippocampus of depressed rats by up-regulating the glutamate level.
Effects of propofol and ketamine as combined anesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy in patients with depressive disorder$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a preferred therapy for major depressive disorder. Intravenous propofol, a sedative and hypnotic agent, is one of the choices of anesthetic for ECT. Ketamine, another anesthetic agent, providing sedation, amnesia, and analgesia, can also be used in patients undergoing ECT owing to its rapid action and persistent antidepressive effect. One adverse effect of ketamine is cardiovascular excitement, which may be reduced by propofol. Currently, the effects of combined anesthesia (propofol and ketamine) for patients with depressive disorder who have undergone ECT are unclear. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effects of the combined agents for patients undergoing ECT. METHODS: Forty-eight patients with Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores greater than 20 were randomly divided into 3 groups (n = 16 each): propofol group (group P), ketamine group (group K), and propofol plus ketamine group (group PK). Propofol (1.5 mg/kg), ketamine (0.8 mg/kg), and propofol (1.5 mg/kg) plus ketamine (0.8 mg/kg) were infused to each group of patients, respectively, before ECT by an anesthesiologist with no knowledge of the HDRS score. For the purpose of this study, the patients received a single ECT treatment and were assessed for depression using the HDRS scores (1 day before ECT and days 1, 2, 3, and 7 after the ECT treatment) by a psychiatrist with no knowledge of the randomization group. After the final assessment, the patients received further treatment as needed up to 3 treatments per week. Seizure energy index, seizure duration, and adverse effects were observed during anesthesia by a nurse with no knowledge of the study group. RESULTS: The HDRS scores improved earlier in group K and group PK. Decreases in HDRS scores were significantly greater in group K and group PK compared with those in group P. The adverse effects in group PK were fewer than those in group K. Seizure energy index and seizure duration in group K and group PK were higher and longer than those in group P during ECT. CONCLUSION: The results suggested that propofol combined with ketamine anesthesia might be the first-choice anesthesia in patients with depressive disorder undergoing ECT. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
New drug targets in depression: Inflammatory, cell-mediate immune, oxidative and nitrosative stress, mitochondrial, antioxidant, and neuroprogressive pathways. and new drug candidates-Nrf2 activators and GSK-3 inhibitors$$$ This paper reviews new drug targets in the treatment of depression and new drug candidates to treat depression. Depression is characterized by aberrations in six intertwined pathways: (1) inflammatory pathways as indicated by increased levels of proinflammatory cyto-kines, e.g. interleukin-1 (IL-1), IL-6, and tumour necrosis factor α. (2) Activation of cell-mediated immune pathways as indicated by an increased production of interferon γ and neopterin. (3) Increased reactive oxygen and nitrogen species and damage by oxidative and nitrosative stress (O&NS), including lipid peroxidation, damage to DNA, proteins and mitochondria. (4) Lowered levels of key antioxidants, such as coenzyme Q10, zinc, vitamin E, glutathione, and glutathione peroxidase. (5) Damage to mitochondria and mitochondrial DNA and reduced activity of respiratory chain enzymes and adenosine triphosphate production. (6) Neuroprogression, which is the progressive process of neurodegeneration, apoptosis, and reduced neurogenesis and neuronal plasticity, phenomena that are probably caused by inflammation and O&NS. Antidepressants tend to normalize the above six pathways. Targeting these pathways has the potential to yield antidepressant effects, e.g. using cytokine antagonists, minocycline, Cox-2 inhibitors, statins, acetylsalicylic acid, ketamine, ω3 poly-unsaturated fatty acids, antioxidants, and neurotrophic factors. These six pathways offer new, pathophysiologically guided drug targets suggesting that novel therapies could be developed that target these six pathways simultaneously. Both nuclear factor (erythroid-derived 2)-like 2 (Nrf2) activators and glycogen synthase kinase-3 (GSK-3) inhibitors target the six above-mentioned pathways. GSK-3 inhibitors have antidepressant effects in animal models of depression. Nrf2 activators and GSK-3 inhibitors have the potential to be advanced to phase-2 clinical trials to examine whether they augment the efficacy of antidepressants or are useful as monotherapy. © 2011 CARS.
Clinical use of transcranial direct current stimulation in depressive disorders: The state of the art$$$ Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is a noninvasive neuromodulation technique that modifies cortical excitability in a polarity-dependent way that has been increasingly investigated for the treatment of major depression (MD) during recent years. Stimulation for few minutes can induce plastic alterations of cortical excitability and improve cognitive performance. Even if the available evidence, including randomized clinical trials, has generally reported encouraging results in treatment of major depression and treatment-resistant depression, the use of tDCS in mood disorders should still be considered experimental. In fact, further research is needed to better define the optimal stimulation parameters, duration of treatment, durability of clinical effect and predictors of response. Nevertheless, to date, tDCS has shown a favourable tolerability profile, is easy to apply, portable and inexpensive. Taken together, increased use of the technique in the treatment of depressive disorders may be expected in the near future.
A randomized controlled trial of mindfulness-based stress reduction to manage affective symptoms and improve quality of life in gay men living with HIV.$$$ To determine whether MBSR groups would help gay men living with HIV improve psychosocial functioning and increase mindfulness compared to treatment-as-usual (TAU). Methods: 117 participants were randomized 2:1 to MBSR or TAU. No new psychosocial or psychopharmacological interventions were initiated within 2 months of baseline. Standardized questionnaires were administered pre-, postintervention and at 6 months. An intent-to-treat analysis found significant benefits of MBSR: at post-intervention and 6 months follow up, MBSR participants had significantly lower avoidance in IES and higher positive affect compared to controls. MBSR participants developed more mindfulness as measured by the Toronto Mindfulness Scale (TMS) including both TMS subscales, curiosity and decentering, at 8-week and 6 months. For the sample as a whole, increase in mindfulness was significantly correlated with reduction in avoidance, higher positive affect and improvement in depression at 6 months. MBSR has specific and clinically meaningful effects in this population.
Breathwork: An additional treatment option for depression and anxiety?$$$ Breathwork is an increasingly popular experiential approach to psychotherapy based on the use of a specific breathing technique, however, claims of positive mental health outcomes rely on anecdotal clinical evidence. To ascertain the likely efficacy of breathwork this review clarifies the approach and its theoretical assumptions and examines relevant empirical research relating to breathing inhibition, suppression of inner experience, and possible neurological and physiological effects. Additionally, research into mind-fulness-based psychotherapy and yoga breathing-based interventions with comparable features to breathwork are examined. Findings suggest qualified support for the key theoretical assumptions of a three component breathwork model, referred to as Integrative Breathwork Therapy (IBT), and its possible utility in the treatment of anxiety and depression. Further research aimed at exploring specific efficacy of this approach for these disorders may yield a useful additional treatment option utilising a different process of change to existing treatments. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.
Psychosis, apathy, depression and anxiety in Parkinson's disease$$$ Psychiatric symptoms are important non-motor features in PD, which occur at high frequency and have significant impact on health related quality of life. This review concentrates on the prevalence, pathophysiology, diagnosis and treatment of depression, anxiety, apathy and psychosis. The pathophysiology of these disorders is complex, reflecting the widespread brainstem and cortical pathology in PD, with involvement of several neurotransmitters, including dopaminergic, serotonergic, noradrenergic and cholinergic systems. The diagnosis of psychiatric conditions, in particular affective disorders, is challenging because of the overlap of somatic features of psychiatric disorders and underlying movement disorder. The pathogenesis is likely to differ considerably from non-PD patients, and treatments used in general psychiatry services may not be as effective in PD and will require clearer clarification in well-designed clinical studies. Management strategies include adjustment of dopaminergic medication, use of psychotropic treatments and behavioural and psychological approaches. However, the future challenge will be to develop treatments developed specifically for the pathogenesis of these disorders in PD. © 2012.
An extension of hypotheses regarding rapid-acting, treatment-refractory, and conventional antidepressant activity of dextromethorphan and dextrorphan$$$ It was previously hypothesized that dextromethorphan (DM) and dextrorphan (DX) may possess antidepressant properties, including rapid and conventional onsets of action and utility in treatment-refractory depression, based on pharmacodynamic similarities to ketamine. These similarities included sigma-1 (σ1) agonist and NMDA antagonist properties, calcium channel blockade, muscarinic binding, serotonin transporter (5HTT) inhibition, and μ receptor potentiation. Here, six specific hypotheses are developed in light of additional mechanisms and evidence. Comparable potencies to ketamine for DM and DX are detailed for σ1 (DX>DM>ketamine), NMDA PCP site (DX>ketamine>DM), and muscarinic (DX>ketamine>>>>DM) receptors, 5HTT (DM>DX≫ketamine), and NMDA antagonist potentiation of μ receptor stimulation (DM>ketamine). Rapid acting antidepressant properties of DM include NMDA high-affinity site, NMDR-2A, and functional NMDR-2B receptor antagonism, σ1 stimulation, putative mTOR activation (by σ1 stimulation, μ potentiation, and 5HTT inhibition), putative AMPA receptor trafficking (by mTOR activation, PCP antagonism, σ1 stimulation, μ potentiation, and 5HTT inhibition), and dendritogenesis, spinogenesis, synaptogenesis, and neuronal survival by NMDA antagonism and σ1 and mTOR signaling. Those for dextrorphan include NMDA high-affinity site and NMDR-2A antagonism, σ1 stimulation, putative mTOR activation (by σ1 stimulation and ß adrenoreceptor stimulation), putative AMPA receptor trafficking (by mTOR activation, PCP antagonism, σ1 stimulation, ß stimulation, and μ antagonism), and dendritogenesis, spinogenesis, synaptogenesis, and neuronal survival by NMDA antagonism and σ1 and mTOR signaling. Conventional antidepressant properties for dextromethorphan and dextrorphan include 5HTT and norepinephrine transporter inhibition, σ1 stimulation, NMDA and PCP antagonism, and possible serotonin 5HT1b/d receptor stimulation. Additional properties for dextromethorphan include possible presynaptic α2 adrenoreceptor antagonism or postsynaptic α2 stimulation and, for dextrorphan, ß stimulation and possible muscarinic and μ antagonism. Treatment-refractory depression properties include increased serotonin and norepinephrine availability, PCP, NMDR-2B, presynaptic alpha-2 antagonism, and the multiplicity of other antidepressant receptor mechanisms. Suggestions for clinical trials are provided for oral high-dose dextromethorphan and Nuedexta (dextromethorphan combined with quinidine to block metabolism to dextrorphan, thereby increasing dextromethorphan plasma concentrations). Suggestions include exclusionary criteria, oral dosing, observation periods, dose-response approaches, and safety and tolerability are considered. Although oral dextromethorphan may be somewhat more likely to show efficacy through complementary antidepressant mechanisms of dextrorphan, a clinical trial will be more logistically complex than one of Nuedexta due to high doses and plasma level variability. Clinical trials may increase our therapeutic armamentarium and our pharmacological understanding of treatment-refractory depression and antidepressant onset of action. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Post-cesarean analgesia$$$ In the last decade, the number of cesarean deliveries worldwide has risen dramatically. By 2007, the cesarean section rates in the United States has risen over 32%, making it the most common surgical procedure performed in the hospital. Good pain relief is important after cesarean delivery to promote early recovery and allow the mother to care and bond with her newborn. Currently, opioids form the foundation of post-cesarean analgesia, with neuraxial opioids being the most commonly employed technique. In this review, we will look at the different routes of opioid analgesia, as well as explore adjuncts such as wound infiltration and nerve blocks. We will also review the use of oral analgesics and new formulations of drug available on the market. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd.
Decreasing adverse outcomes of unmodified electroconvulsive therapy: Suggestions and possibilities$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is far and away the most effective treatment for depression and quite effective for a range of other psychiatric conditions that are unresponsive to medication. Electroconvulsive therapy in the developed world has been administered with anesthesia, muscle relaxants, and ventilation since the mid-1950s following 20 years of unmodified treatment. However, in much of the developing world, ECT continues to be administered unmodified because of lack of resources. We review the efficacy of unmodified compared with modified treatment. We also review the potential drawbacks of unmodified treatment including fear and anxiety, worse postictal confusion, fracture risk, and the negative effects of unmodified treatment on how ECT is perceived in the general community. Finally, we consider potential solutions in developing countries to minimize adverse outcomes of unmodified treatment by pretreating patients either with low-dose benzodiazepines or sedating, but not anesthetizing, dosages of anesthetic agents. Randomized controlled trials are necessary before either of these options could be considered an acceptable alternative to completely unmodified treatment when modified treatment is unavailable. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effects of electroconvulsive stimulation on long-term potentiation and synaptophysin in the hippocampus of rats with depressive behavior$$$ OBJECTIVES: To evaluate the effects of electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS) on long-term potentiation (LTP) and synaptophysin (SYP) in the hippocampus of rats under chronic unpredictable mild stress (CUMS). METHODS: Sixty Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into three groups (n = 20 for each group): the control group (no intervention), the CUMS group (subjected to 28 days of CUMS exposure followed by 7 days of mock ECS treatment), and the CUMS + ECS group (subjected to 28 days of CUMS exposure followed by 7 days of ECS treatment). Depressive behavior was assessed by a sucrose preference test and an open-field test. The LTP levels in rat hippocampal slices were examined through electrophysiological experiments. The SYP mean density in the hippocampal CA3 region was detected by immunohistochemistry. Hippocampal SYP mRNA was assessed through reverse transcriptase-polymerase chain reaction. RESULTS: Chronic unpredictable mild stress diminished sucrose preference and reduced measures of locomotor activity. In addition, CUMS impaired LTP in the hippocampal CA1 region and significantly decreased SYP mean density in the hippocampal CA3 region and hippocampal SYP mRNA levels. Electroconvulsive stimulation improved these harmful behavioral effects and ameliorated LTP impairment, as well as stabilized SYP mean density in the hippocampal CA3 region and hippocampal SYP mRNA levels. CONCLUSIONS: These results suggest that ECS can reverse the harmful behavioral effects of CUMS in rats and that the behavioral alterations induced by ECS and/or CUMS may be associated with hippocampal neuroplasticity and SYP levels. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Comparing efficacy of ECT with and without concurrent sodium valproate therapy in manic patients$$$ OBJECTIVES: There is mixed evidence as to the merits of continuing versus discontinuing medication with anticonvulsants before starting electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with manic episodes. The aim of the present study was therefore to compare, in a controlled double-blind randomized clinical trial, treatment improvements and treatment outcome in patients with current manic episodes while treated with ECT with and without concurrent sodium valproate therapy. METHODS: A total of 42 inpatients (mean [SD] age, 32.1 [9.6]; 88% men) with bipolar disorders and currently during a manic state took part in the study. They were randomly assigned either to the target group (continuation of sodium valproate administration; minimum, 750 mg/d) or to the control group (discontinuation of sodium valproate administration). All patients underwent bifrontal ECT for at least 6 sessions. Improvements were rated with the Young Mania Rating Scale and the Clinical Global Impression (CGI; CGI-Severity of Illness, and CGI-Improvement). RESULTS: Manic episodes as assessed by the Young Mania Rating Scale and CGI improved significantly over time and irrespective of group (target vs control group). CONCLUSIONS: The pattern of results from this double-blind randomized clinical trial suggests that continuing administration of the anticonvulsant sodium valproate does neither adversely affect nor enhance the efficacy of ECT inpatients with manic episodes. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Remifentanil added to propofol for induction of anesthesia can reduce reorientation time after electroconvulsive therapy in patients with severe mania$$$ OBJECTIVES: To investigate the effect of adding remifentanil to propofol used in the induction of anesthesia in efficacy, and to investigate the cognitive adverse effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of patients with severe mania. METHODS: Thirty-eight patients' condition was diagnosed as manic episode by the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition criteria and were prescribed ECT by their physicians were included in a double-blind study and were randomly allocated to receive premedication with either remifentanil-atropine (study) or saline-atropine (control). Induction of anesthesia was done with propofol (1 mg/kg) and succinylcholine (0.5 mg/kg) in all patients. Assessments included seizure duration, Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS), Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE), and immediate cognitive adverse effects. RESULTS: Twenty-nine patients with 98 ECT sessions completed treatment. There were no differences between the 2 groups in relation to age, sex, duration of disease, weight, marital status, seizure duration, YMRS, and MMSE. However, immediate cognitive adverse effects were significantly lower in remifentanil group. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effect of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied on the primary motor cortex, on pain threshold in patients with Parkinson's disease: A physiopathological study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effect of a 20-Hz rTMS session, compared to a sham stimulation, applied over the primary motor cortex, on the heat pain threshold in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: Pain is frequently reported in PD patients. Previous studies showed that PD patients, compared to healthy volonteers, had lower pain threshold and an overactivation of brain areas involved in pain processing after peripheral painful stimulation. RTMS may modulate cortical excitability and was shown to be effective in the treatment of neuropathic pain. Methods: In this prospective, comparative, randomized, crossover and double blind study, 19 PD patients (10 painfree and 9 painful) were included. Pain threshold using thermotest, clinical pain (Visual Analogue Scale), depression and motor state (UPDRS III OFF) were assessed before, 10 and 40 minutes after rTMS session, applied over the primary motor cortex. The rTMS parameters were a frequency of 20hz and an infrathreshold intensity (95% of the motor threshold). Results: Compared to sham stimulation, a significant decrease of heat pain threshold (0,82 ± 1,1°C/-0,36 ± 1,5°C; p < 0,01) and increase of pain VAS (-1,4 ± 2,4/0,4 ± 1,6; p = 0,025) and UPDRS III (-2,4 ± 3,5/1,1 ± 3,8; p = 0,028) were observed only in painful patients, 10 minutes after the 20Hz-rTMS session. However, rTMS had no effect on depression in patients. Conclusions: This study suggested that 20Hz-rTMS can modulate pain threshold and clinical pain in painful PD patients.
Evaluation of short-term effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on paraclinical aspects of speech in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: Based on the results of our previous fMRI studies we explored effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary orofacial sensorimotor area (SM1) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on paraclinical aspects of voiced speech in Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: Hypokinetic dysarthria in PD is characterized by monotony of pitch and loudness, reduced stress, variable rate, imprecise consonants, and a breathy and harsh voice. rTMS is a non-invasive tool used to explore and modulate cortical plasticity and function of various cortical regions and circuitries. Methods: Nine non-depressed and non-demented men with PD (mean age 65.7 ± 7.45 SD, mean PD duration 8.6 ± 3.41 SD), participated in this ongoing study. Participants underwent 3 sessions of 10 Hz rTMS over the dominant hemisphere with 2250 stimuli/day applied in a random order over the: SM1 (an active stimulation site, 90% of the motor threshold [MT] intensity), DLPFC (an active stimulation site, 110% of MT), and occipital cortex (a control stimulation site, 90% of MT). Wilcoxon matched-pairs test and ANOVA were used for data analyses. Results: This is an interim data analysis. rTMS of the left SM1 was associated with significant enhancement of the tongue movements velocity and changes of fundamental voice frequency. Conclusions: An interim analysis of our data revealed an improvement of some articulatory and voice parameters of speech induced by rTMS applied over the SM1 of the dominant hemisphere.
Maintenance treatment in bipolar disorder$$$ Bipolar disorder is a serious psychiatric disorder that courses with recurrences and remissions and that has high recurrence features. During the first year, recurrence occurs in 1/3 of patients, while 2/3 of patients experience recurrence of the disease in five years time. Recurrence of the disease is related to worsening of relationships with the society, suicidal and disruptive behaviours, financial loss, work loss, relationship problems, alcohol and drug use, and worsening course of the disease. Because of its destructive effects, stages of the disease should be prevented through maintenance treatment. The main aims of the maintenance treatment in bipolar disease are prevention of relapse and recurrence, reduction of suicide risk and cycle frequencies, removal of sub-threshold symptoms, reduction of mood instability and improving functionality. USA guidelines recommend the maintenance treatment following the first period of the disease while European advisors suggest it after the second period. In order to reduce recurrence risk, acute disease periods should aggressively be treated until full remission is achieved. Patient and the family should be trained about the disease and its treatment. The needs for long term protection and its format should also be discussed and planned with patient. Bipolar maintenance treatment should be individualized. In other words, choices should be made by taking “the patient's individual characteristics”. Treatment that recovered the patient in the acute period should be continued without major changes in the protective period. Lithium, sodium valproate, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, aripiprazole, ziprasidone and antidepressants can be used in protective treatment of bipolar disease. Lithium and valporat are the first choice drugs widely accepted in the protection of moods. Lithium and valproate monotherapy is more effective in mania as well as in prevention of mania and depression recurrence. Lithium reduces suicide risk in bipolar patients. First choice in protective treatment is the use of drugs that have been successful in the last period of mania and depression. Lithium can be considered in euphoric-grandious manias and if serious suicide risk in patient or the family, history of response to lithium in the family, and predominant depression are exist. However, lithium should not be considered if kidney related problems are existed. Valproate should be chosen when dysphoric-mixed mania, additional diagnosis of alcohol drug use disorder and rapid cycling exist. Valproate should not be considered in female patients younger than 20 years and/or when polycystic ovary history and problems related to blood or liver exist. Lithium or valproate should be included if protection can not be sufficient. Lamotrigine or quetiapine must be added if depressive recurrences can not be prevented. One of lithium, aripiprazole, valproate olanzapine, risperidone and quetiapine can be added if manic recurrences can not be prevented. In resistance conditions, high dose of mood stabilizers can be effective. Use of three mood stabilizer (e.g. lithium, valproate and lamotrigine) can be used primarily in rapid cycling. Clozapine is the second choice for such resistant conditions. Clozapine can be used alone or with valproate. The last choice is maintenance treatment with ECT. Bipolar II patients experience depressive symptoms during the half of their life. Lithium, valproate, lamotrigine, atypical antipsychotics and antidepressants can be used in the treatment of these patients. Lamotrigine and quetiapine monotherapy are that show effectiveness in double blind Randomized Controlled Trials that patients who have bipolar II disorder. Lamotrigine can solely be used in the long term in bipolar II patients, who has recurrent depression. Use of antidepressants is safer than bipolar I as manic shift is fewer. Use of tricyclic antidepressants in protection stage can trigger rapid cycling. SSRIs and venlafaxine should be preferred in long term treatment. Psychoeducation, cognitive and behavioral psychotherapies affect the course of disease positively if they are included to the treatment. Patients should be made feel cared for, spared enough time and reached easily whenever they need.
Effect of propofol versus sodium thiopental on electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder, a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial$$$ Objectives: To compare propofol and sodium thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depression with respect to clinical effect. Method: Participants comprising 96 depression patients who were administered either propofol or sodium thiopental as an anesthetic agent for bilateral ECT. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) was administered at baseline, after 6 treatments. Algorithm-based charge dose was used. Results: There was a statistically significant difference between the groups regarding postintervention HDRS score. The preintervention mean scores in the propofol group and sodium thiopental group were 37.3 (2.2) and 36.7 (1.2), respectively. The postintervention mean scores in the propofol group and sodium thiopental group were 10.7 (1.8) and 13.4 (3.3), respectively. No correlation was found between clinical response and age, weight or BMI. There was no association between the groups seizure time and duration of recovery. Conclusions: In conclusion, propofol may improve major depressive disorder more than sodium thiopental in patients who are receiving ECT.
Sevoflurane and propofol safety for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background and Goal of Study: The primary objective of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the length of the seizure, and it seems not to be altered by sevoflurane or propofol sedation, so it could to be reasonable to choose the safer one. The objective of this randomized single blinded study is to compare safety of 8% sevoflurane or 2 mg kg-1 propofol for electroconvulsive therapy. Materials and Methods: This prospective, randomised, single-blind, crossover study was conducted to compare the effects of propofol and sevofluorane. Analysis of 68 treatments in 8 patients was conducted. The incidence of apnea (manual ventilation needed) pre and postoperatively, nausea and vomiting and shivering were measured. There was a washout period of two to three days in between procedures. The induction time, quality of induction, haemodynamic changes, seizure duration, recovery time and need of ventilation were measured and analyzed. Results and Discussion: Eight ASA II women with major depression not responding to other therapy were included. 10 ECT were administered to two patients and 8 to six patients. Results are shown in Table1. All patients suffered postoperative apnea. ∗ p < 0,05 (Table Presented) Conclusion(s): Both sevoflurane and propofol are suitable for ECT, with similar safety, although sevoflurane seems better to maintain spontaneous breathing.
Evaluation of hypokinetic dysarthria in Parkinson's disease and effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and dopaminergic treatment by means of voice signal analysis and fMRI$$$ Introduction: Hypokinetic dysarthria (HD) in Parkinson's disease (PD) is characterized by monotony of pitch and loudness, reduced stress, variable rate, imprecise consonants, and a breathy and harsh voice. Pharmacotherapy and surgery have only partial effects on HD. rTMS is a non-invasive tool used to modulate cortical plasticity and function of various cortical regions and circuitries. Objective: Based on results of fMRI studies, we explored effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the primary orofacial sensorimotor area (SM1) and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on paraclinical aspects of voiced speech in PD using voice signal analysis. Effects of dopaminergic treatment on HD have also been assessed using the same voice analysis and fMRI. Methods: Non-depressed and non-demented subjects with PD (mean age 65.7± 7.45 SD,mean PD duration 8.6± 3.41 SD) have participated in this ongoing study. Participants underwent 3 sessions of 10 Hz rTMS over the dominant hemisphere with 2250 stimuli/day applied in a random order over the: SM1 (an active stimulation site, 90 % of the motor threshold [MT] intensity), DLPFC (an active stimulation site, 110 % of MT), and occipital cortex (a control stimulation site, 90 % of MT). Detailed speech evaluation and audio-recordings were performed prior to and after each rTMS session. Voice intensity, clarity, prosody, articulation and intelligibility of speech was assessed using physical parameters, such as mean fundamental frequency and its variability, jitter, short-time energy of the signal, shimmer, speech rate, VOT (Voice Onset Time), and Vowel Articulation Index.Wilcoxon matchedpairs test and ANOVA were performed for data analyses. Effects of a single levodopa dose on HD have also been evaluated using the same speech analysis and fMRI data analysis. Results: rTMS of the left SM1 was associated with significant enhancement of the tongue movements velocity and changes of fundamental voice frequency. This is an interim analysis and the studies are ongoing. Conclusions: Results of fMRI studies will be discussed with respect to pathophysiological mechanisms of HD and effects of dopaminergic therapy. An interim analysis of our data revealed an improvement of some articulatory and voice parameters of speech induced by rTMS applied over the SM1 of the dominant hemisphere. The abstract has received an institutional support from the Central European Institute of Technology, Masaryk University, Brno, Czech Republic.
Safety and efficacy of repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation in multiple sclerosis$$$ Background: Fatigue is one of the most frequent symptoms in multiple sclerosis (MS), affecting up to 90 % of patients at onset or during the course of the disease. Neither are underlying mechanisms understood, nor do convincing therapies exist. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has proven safe and efficacious for treating depression. Newly developed coils, like the novel H-Coil, enable the stimulation of deeper brain regions, which are presumably involved in the pathophysiology of fatigue or depression. Objective: To perform a randomized, sham-controlled pilot study to evaluate safety, tolerability and effect of deep rTMS on fatigue in patients with multiple sclerosis. This trial is registered as NCT01106365. Methods: 26 MS-patients underwent 18 sessions of deep rTMS over a period of 6 weeks. 10 patients underwent sham stimulation, 8 patients stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex (PFC) (18Hz, 120 % motor threshold (MT)) and 8 patients of the motor cortex (MC) (5 Hz, 90 % MT). Following the treatment period, patients were observed for further 6 weeks. The effect on fatigue was evaluated with the Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS), the Modified Fatigue Impact Scale (MFIS) and a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS) of fatigue. Statistical analyses were performed using SPSS 19. Results: Deep rTMS was well tolerated without significant adverse effects or adverse events. There were no differences in baseline values of both the FSS and the MFIS between the 3 groups. Regarding FSS scores, PFC stimulation showed a tendency to decrease (-26.14 %± 37.4 %, p=0.088) and MC stimulation showed a significant decrease (-26.18 %±13.99 %, p=0.042), while sham showed no difference (-2.12 %±44.2 %, p=0.285). Regarding VAS PFC stimulation showed a highly significant decrease over time (-29.39 %±44.55 %, p=0.006), however, MC stimulation did not (+6.28 %±97.18 %, p=0.144). The same held true for sham stimulation (p=0.144). Changes in MFIS and MFIS subscale analyses were not significant following PFC or sham stimulation, but total MFIS scores tended to decrease under MC stimulation (-27.98 %±14.89 %, p=0.067) as did MFIS physical scores (-31.82 %±8.29 %, p=0.053). Conclusion: Our data illustrates that deep rTMS is safe and well tolerated in MS patients with structural brain lesions and may have a positive influence on fatigue. Effects were observed in both verum arms, PFC and MC, but not in the sham group. Recruitment is ongoing.
Electroconvulsive stimulation alters levels of BDNF-related microRNAs$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is one of the most effective treatments for severe depression but its mechanism of action is not yet fully understood. Electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS), an animal model of ECT, is known to increase levels of the neurotrophin brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) within the brain, though the precise means by which this occurs and how it contributes to the antidepressant effects of ECS are unknown. One possibility is that such effects involve a recently identified class of endogenous, small RNA species termed microRNAs (miRNAs) since evidence suggests that BDNF can both regulate and be regulated by miRNAs. We therefore investigated the effects the expression of BDNF-related miRNA species in rat brain and blood following treatment with ECS. Methods: Male Sprague-Dawley rats were randomised into groups to receive either “sham” or “real” ECS. ECS was administered either acutely (×1) or chronically (×10) following a protocol which mimics that of clinical ECT (100 pulses/s ; 0.5 ms ; 0.7 s ; 75 mA; thrice weekly). Total RNA was extracted from dentate gyrus, hippocampus, frontal cortex, cerebellum and whole blood samples and TaqMan1 RT-PCR was performed using stem-loop primers for BDNF-related miRNAs. Results: Of the miRNAs examined, miR-212 levels were found to be significantly increased in dentate gyrus following both acute (p<0.01) and chronic (p<0.05) ECS. miR-212 levels were also increased in blood following chronic ECS. Notably, a positive correlation was observed between miR-212 levels in dentate gyrus and in blood (Pearson's r=0.61, p<0.001). Conclusion: Alterations in miRNA expression may be informative about the mechanism of action of ECS/ECT and in turn may give insight into the neurobiology of depression. Furthermore, examination of miRNAs in blood from severely depressed patients undergoing treatment with ECT will ascertain their potential to act as clinical biomarkers for the treatment of depression.
Treatment options for acute depression in bipolar disorder$$$ Objective: The burden of depression represents the most debilitating dimension for the majority of patients with bipolar disorder and dominates the long-term course of the illness. The purpose of this manuscript is to review the evidence base of the available treatment options for bipolar depression within two frequent clinical scenarios. Methods: The evidence is largely based on a systematic literature search and appraisal that was part of the development of the German Guideline for Bipolar Disorders. All relevant randomized controlled trials were critically evaluated. Results: Overall, the number of suitably controlled studies for the treatment of bipolar depression is relatively low. There are two common scenarios. Scenario A, if a patient with bipolar depression is currently not being treated with a mood-stabilizing agent (de novo depression, first or subsequent episode), then quetiapine or olanzapine are options, or alternatively, carbamazepine and lamotrigine can be considered. Antidepressants are an option for short-term use, but whether they are best administered as monotherapy or in combination with mood-stabilizing agents is still controversial. In practice, most clinicians use antidepressants in combination with an antimanic agent. Scenario B, if a patient is already being treated optimally with a mood-stabilizing agent (good adherence and appropriate dose) such as lithium, lamotrigine is an option. There is no evidence for additional benefit from antidepressants where a patient is already being treated with a mood stabilizer; however, in practice an antidepressant is often trialled. Efficient psychotherapy is an important part of the treatment regimen and should span all phases of the illness. Conclusions: Treatment decisions in bipolar depression involve a range of different pharmacological and non-pharmacological options. Monitoring potential unwanted effects and the appropriateness of treatment can help to effectively balance benefits and risks in individual situations. However, the quality of the assessment and reporting of risks in clinical trials need to be improved to better inform treatment decisions. © 2012 John Wiley and Sons A/S.
Major depressive disorder: Treatment and future perspective$$$ Major depressive disorder is a mood disorder characterized by both severe affective and neurovegetative symptoms together. It is a common disorder seen in a quarter of consecutively admitted depressed patients and is often associated with severe symptomatology, increased suicide risk, poor acute response to antidepressants and poor acute and long-term treatment outcome. The question of the optimal duration of pharmacotherapy in order to prevent relapse and improve the long-term (i.e., 5-year) outcome is a focus of current investigation. This article will review currently recommended treatment strategies for the acute, continuation and maintenance phases of therapy. In particular, it will address the role of newer-generation antidepressants, the use of mood stabilizers and indications for electroconvulsive therapy. Other possible treatment strategies such as transcranial magnetic stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation, deep brain stimulation and glucocorticoid receptor antagonists will be discussed. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd.
A randomized trial comparing repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation given 3 days/week and 5 days/week for the treatment of major depression: is efficacy related to the duration of treatment or the number of treatments?$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to be an effective treatment for depression. However, there has been little research to determine optimal parameters for treatment. This study compared two rTMS treatment regimes for the treatment of major depression. Seventy-seven participants were randomized to either spaced or daily treatment. Spaced rTMS was given 3 days/week for 6 weeks (18 treatments in total) and daily rTMS was given 5 days/week for 4 weeks (20 treatments in total). All participants were assessed at baseline and after 4 weeks of treatment. Participants in the spaced treatment group were also assessed after 6 weeks of treatment. All participants were treated at 110% of the resting motor threshold with high-frequency rTMS (10 Hz) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) followed by low-frequency rTMS to the right DLPFC. Participants in the daily treatment group showed more improvement by week 4 than those in the spaced treatment group; however, both groups had similar improvement by treatment completion. There was significant improvement in both groups in ratings of depression and anxiety, with no significant differences between groups. Our study indicates that the efficacy of rTMS is related to the number of treatments given and that spacing the treatments neither improves nor reduces efficacy.
Low frequency repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation improves motor performance in patients with parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: To test the safety and efficacy of the H-coil as a treatment for PD. Background Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using the new H-coil, allowing stimulation of deeper neuronal pathways, can cause short term, modest improvement of some motor measures in PD Design/Methods: 20 PD patients with asymmetric involvement were randomized to one of two treatment protocols: 1. Low frequency (1Hz) stimulation over the motor cortex along with high frequency stimulation (10Hz) over the prefrontal cortex. 2. Low frequency stimulation over the motor cortex alone. Patients had 12 treatment sessions in 30 days period. Outcome measures, collected on days 1,10,30 and 60 included: Unified PD rating scale (UPDRS), Clinical Global Impression of severity and change scales (CGIS and CGIC), pegboard test, foot and finger tapping tests, timed Up & Go test (TUG), as well as measures of depression and neuropsychological functioning. Results: Patients who received dual stimulation had significant improvement on day 30 in several motor scores including the motor UPDRS (5.66±5.72, p=0.004), motor UPDRS (2.33±2.49, p=0.015), and foot tapping of the afflicted side (7.84±10.26, p=0.034), and pegboard test (7.68±5.62, p=0.007). The stimulation beneficial effect was still significant for some measures at day 60. Patients who received stimulation only over the motor cortex had a lower but significant improvement only on day 30. In both groups rTMS did not affect depression or cognitive measures and was well tolerated. Conclusions: In this open study, rTMS proved as a safe and effective treatment, causing significant improvement of motor functions in PD patients. We now plan to test the efficacy and safty of deep rTMS in a large,double blind, sham-controled, multicenter study.
Combining pre-treatment clinical information to improve performance in prediction of response to RTMS therapy for MDD$$$ Background: Response rate to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for MDD is low, probably due to suboptimal treatment parameters (e.g. the coil position) and to inadequate patient selection criteria. We propose patient selection based on machine learning (ML) analysis of baseline clinical information including EEG, depression rating scores (HamD, BDI, STAI, VAS) and TMS coil position as measured from the midline. Methods: Statistically relevant features extracted from the pre-treatment EEG and clinical information are used to build a model based on ML methodology to predict 6-week response to rTMS. The training data includes 38 subjects who received two weeks of rTMS, administered over the left (N=18), right (N=11) or both (N=9) the left and right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DPC). Response was defined as at least a 50% improvement in HamD. Predictive accuracy was evaluated using a randomized permutation leave-four-subjects-out cross validation procedure. Results: Using 3 features we found specificity of 75%, sensitivity of 87.4% and an overall prediction performance of 81% with standard deviation of 3.4% (i.e. over 95% confidence that the prediction rate will be above 75%). If we redo the analysis excluding subjects who received right low-frequency DPC (which is a less effective treatment modality), then we obtain 84% performance. Using each clinical information separately we could not obtain the same figures. More anterior coil positioning was associated with greater response. Conclusions: ML methodology may be used to predict response to rTMS. Our data also highlight the importance of coil positioning in achieving antidepressant efficacy.
Dorsomedial prefrontal rTMS in major depression: Safety, efficacy, and tolerability$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging treatment for major depression (MDD). The conventional target for rTMS in MDD is the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). However, lesion, stimulation, and neuroimaging studies suggest that the dorsomedial prefrontal cortex (DMPFC) may be as or more important in emotion regulation. We applied rTMS to the DMPFC in a series of patients with refractory MDD. Methods: Using a newly available cooled double-cone coil, we administered 20 sessions of open-label rTMS to the DMPFC bilaterally (5 d/week, 10 Hz trains, 120% of resting motor threshold, 3000 pulses / hemisphere / day) under MRI guidance using a frameless stereotaxic neuronavigation system, in 35 patients presenting with a medically refractory major depressive episode. Outcome measures included self- and clinician-rated depression scales as well as measures of disability, quality of life, and wellness, along with pre- and post-treatment functional MRI and neuropsychological testing. Results: Response and remission rates were approximately 70% and 40%, respectively. Stimulation was painful but tolerable in all patients, with pain diminishing markedly after 5 sessions. There were no other adverse events aside from one presyncopal episode, from which the patient recovered and completed the session. Post-treatment cognitive performance was either unchanged or slightly improved in all patients. Conclusions: High-intensity rTMS of the DMPFC is safe and tolerable, and may be at least as effective as DLPFC-rTMS in treating medically refractory depression. A randomized, controlled trial may be warranted to compare the relative efficacy of DLPFC- and DMFPC-rTMS in a larger patient population.
Sertraline vs. electrical current therapy for treating depression clinical trial (select tDCS): Results from a factorial, randomized, controlled trial$$$ Background: Non-invasive brain stimulation has been increasingly used as an intervention for major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: Randomized, factorial, double-blinded, controlled trial. Participants were randomized to sertraline/placebo and active/sham tDCS. They presented moderate to severe medication-free, nonpsychotic, unipolar, major depressive disorder. They received 6-week treatment of 2mA anodal left dorsolateral prefrontal tDCS (twelve 30-min sessions: 10 consecutive sessions plus two extra sessions every other week) and sertraline (50mg/day). The primary outcome was the Montgomery-Asberg depression scale (MADRS) score changes at the end of treatment (6-week). A difference of at least 3 points in scores was considered clinically relevant. Secondary outcomes were remission and response rates, and other depression scales. Results: At six weeks (primary outcome), the combined treatment was superior to sham tDCS - placebo (mean difference= 11.5 points; 95% CI=6.03 to 17.1; p<0.01) to sham tDCS -sertraline (mean 8.5; 95% CI=2.96 to 14.03; p<0.01) and to active tDCS - placebo (mean 5.9; 95%=CI 0.36 to 11.43). TDCS and sertraline alone were not different between each other (mean 2.6; 95% CI=8.13 to -2.9; p=0.35). Secondary efficacy analyses mainly confirmed these findings. Adverse effects were not significantly different when comparing groups, although five of seven episodes of treatment-emergent (hypo)mania were observed in the combined treatment. Conclusions: In MDD, combination of tDCS and sertraline increases the efficacy of each treatment alone. Efficacy/safety did not differ between them. (Figure presented).
Post-ictal EEG suppression during early course of electroconvulsive therapy(ECT) predicts clinical improvement following a course of six ECT sessions in bipolar and schizoaffective disorders$$$ Background: The extent of post-ictal suppression of electroencephalography (EEG) of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)-induced seizures is known to predict antidepressant response to ECT. In this study we examined the association between the post-ictal EEG suppression and response to ECT in a mixed group of patients with bipolar and schizoaffective disorders. Methods: The sample for this study came from a randomized controlled trial examining the effect of co-prescription of anticonvulsant mood stabilizers during ECT. Patients (n=48) on anticonvulsants and referred for ECT were randomized to receive full, half or no dose of anticonvulsants through a course of ECT. EEG was recorded using bilateral frontal pole leads during all ECT sessions. EEG of the second or third ECT session was analysed using a standard algorithm to measure fractal dimension (FD) as a measure of amplitude. Clinical status was assessed using the Clinical Global Impression (CGI) severity scale. Correlation of post-ictal suppression and clinical improvement through a course of 6 ECTs was analysed using Spearman's rho. Results: Artefact-free EEG was available for 19 patients with mean (SD) age of 32(9) years. Their diagnoses were mania (n=15), depression (n=2) and schizoaffective disorder (n=2). The mean (SD) CGI score at baseline was 6 (1) and after the sixth ECT 2(1). There was a significant inverse correlation between post-ictal FD and improvement in CGI scores (Rho = 0.471, p=0.034). Conclusions: Greater post-ictal EEG suppression (i.e. lower fractal dimension) predicts clinical response to ECT in a mixed group of patients with bipolar and schizoaffective disorders.
ECT attenuates the rapid antidepressant effect of ketamine$$$ Background: Ketamine's rapid (within 1-3 days) and potent (response rate 5090%) antidepressant effect has generated considerable enthusiasm around the potential use of the drug to accelerate the effects of existing treatment modalities. This study investigated the combined use of a subanesthetic dose of ketamine and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients suffering from major depression. Methods: Sixteen adult patients, experiencing a major depressive episode, were randomized into two ECT treatment groups. The ketamine group (n = 8) received 0.5mg/kg ketamine + 3.5mg/kg thiopental for anesthesia prior to ECT, while the control group (n = 8) received thiopental (3.5mg/kg). ECT treatments were administered 3 times per week for 2 weeks. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) was conducted at baseline, and 24-72 h following the 1st and the 6th ECT sessions. Results: There was a main time effect on HDRS (F(2,24) = 14.35, p < .001), reflecting an antidepressant effect over the treatment period. However, there was no group effect (F(1,12) = .09, p = .76) or group-by-time interaction (F(2,24) = .66, p = .52). Post-hoc analyses showed no significant HDRS reduction after the 1st ECT session (p > .05). Interestingly, none of the 8-ketamine subjects showed a response after the first treatment. Conclusions: The ECT appears to attenuate the rapid and potent antidepressant effect of ketamine. These findings are consistent with the view that a glutamate surge is necessary for the antidepressant effect of ketamine. A glutamate surge is likely to be blocked by the potent GABAergic effect of ECT and/or thiopental.
Long lasting modulation of cortical oscillations after continuous theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Transcranial magnetic theta burst stimulation (TBS) differs from other high-frequency rTMS protocols because it induces plastic changes up to an hour despite lower stimulus intensity and shorter duration of stimulation. However, the effects of TBS on neuronal oscillations remain unclear. In this study, we used electroencephalography (EEG) to investigate changes of neuronal oscillations after continuous TBS (cTBS), the protocol that emulates long-term depression (LTD) form of synaptic plasticity. We randomly divided 26 healthy humans into two groups receiving either Active or Sham cTBS as control over the left primary motor cortex (M1). Post-cTBS aftereffects were assessed with behavioural measurements at rest using motor evoked potentials (MEPs) and at active state during the execution of a choice reaction time (RT) task in combination with continuous electrophysiological recordings. The cTBS-induced EEG oscillations were assessed using event-related power (ERPow), which reflected regional oscillatory activity of neural assemblies of θ (4-7.5 Hz), low α (8-9.5 Hz), μ (10-12.5 Hz), low β (13-19.5 Hz), and high β (20-30 Hz) brain rhythms. Results revealed 20-min suppression of MEPs and at least 30-min increase of ERPow modulation, suggesting that besides MEPs, EEG has the potential to provide an accurate cortical readout to assess cortical excitability and to investigate the interference of cortical oscillations in the human brain post-cTBS. We also observed a predominant modulation of β frequency band, supporting the hypothesis that cTBS acts more on cortical level. Theta oscillations were also modulated during rest implying the involvement of independent cortical theta generators over the motor network post cTBS. This work provided more insights into the underlying mechanisms of cTBS, providing a possible link between synchronised neural oscillations and LTD in humans. © 2012 Noh et al.
ECT efficacy and treatment course: A systematic review and meta-analysis of twice vs thrice weekly schedules$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) guidelines, across various regulatory bodies, lack consensus as to the optimal frequency of treatment for individual patients. Some authors postulate that twice weekly ECT may have a similar efficacy to thrice weekly, and may have a lower risk of adverse cognitive outcomes. We did a systematic review and a meta-analysis to assess the strength of associations between ECT frequency and depression scores, duration of treatment, number of ECTs, and remission rates. Methods: We searched on Medline, EMBASE, CINAHL and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (to December 2009), and searched reports to identify comparative studies of frequency of ECT. We did both random-effects (RE) and quality effect (QE) meta-analyses to determine the risk of various outcomes associated with lesser frequency as compared to the thrice weekly frequency. Results: We analysed 8 datasets (7 articles), including 214 subjects. Twice-weekly frequency of ECT was associated with a similar change in depression score (QE model SMD - 0.11 [- 0.55-0.33] and RE model SMD - 0.17 [- 0.77-0.43]) as compared to thrice weekly ECT. The number of real ECT's trended towards fewer in the twice weekly group. There was a statistically significant longer duration of treatment with a twice weekly protocol (QE model 6.48 days [4.99-7.97] and RE model 4.78 days [0.74-8.82]). There was a statistically significant greater efficacy for thrice weekly ECT compared to once weekly ECT (QE model SMD 1.25 [- 0.62-1.9] and RE model SMD 1.31 [0.6-2.02]). Conclusions: Twice weekly ECT is associated with similar efficacy to thrice weekly ECT, may require fewer treatments and may be associated with longer treatment duration when compared to thrice weekly. These epidemiological observations support the routine use of twice weekly ECT in acute courses, though choice of frequency should take into account individual patient factors. These observations have implications for resource utilisation e.g. costs of duration of admission vs cost of provision of ECT, as well as issues of access to inpatient beds and anaesthetist time. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Evidence-based pharmacotherapy of panic disorder: An update$$$ The evidence-based pharmacotherapy of panic disorder continues to evolve. This paper reviews data on first-line pharmacotherapy, evidence for maintenance treatment, and management options for treatment-refractory patients. A Medline search of research on pharmacotherapy was undertaken, and a previous systematic review on the evidence-based pharmacotherapy of panic disorder was updated. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors remain a first-line pharmacotherapy of panic disorder, with the serotonin noradrenaline reuptake inhibitor venlafaxine also an acceptable early option. Temporary co-administration of benzodiazepines can be considered. Maintenance treatment reduces relapse rates, but further research to determine optimal duration is needed. For patients not responding to first-line agents several pharmacotherapy options are available, but there is a notable paucity of data on the optimal choice. © 2011 CINP.
Psychotropic drug-related problems in the elderly$$$ Almost any drug therapy has the potential to cause iatrogenic complications for older people, but the risk is particularly significant for those being treated for major psychiatric illnesses. In the past, focus was centered mostly upon relatively obvious forms of drug-related harm, such as adverse drug reactions and drug interactions, but it is clear that this approach substantially under-represents the extent of the problem. Other, more inclusive categorization systems can be used to capture a broader representation of the profile and severity of medication-related problems, and these can provide insight into more subtle concerns. Analysis of psychotropic drug-related problems in the elderly provides a basis for individual interventions to lessen the impact of iatrogenic harm, as well as systematic approaches that can be used in the clinical setting to diminish the likelihood of preventable problems in a vulnerable patient population. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd.
Systematic review and meta-analysis of bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy versus bilateral and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in depression$$$ Objectives. Our aim was to perform a meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials comparing efficacy and side effects of bifrontal (BF) ECT to bitemporal (BT) or unilateral (RUL) ECT in depression. Methods. We performed a systematic review of randomized controlled trials comparing BF ECT with RUL or BT ECT in depression. Eight trials (n 617) reported some cognitive outcome. Efficacy was measured by reduction in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score. Cognitive outcomes were limited to Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) in seven studies, with two studies measuring each of: Complex-figure delayed recall, Trail-making tests and verbal learning. Results. Efficacy was equal between BF and BT ECT (Hedges's g 0.102, P 0.345, confidence interval (CI): 0.110, 0.313) and BF and RUL ECT (standardized mean difference 0.12, P 0.365, CI: 0.378, 0.139). Post-treatment MMSE score decline was less for BF than BT ECT (g 0.89, CI: 0.054, 1.724) but not RUL ECT. RUL ECT impaired Complex figure recall more than BF ECT (g 0.76, CI :0.487, 1.035), but BF ECT impaired word recall more than RUL ECT (g 1.45, CI: 2.75, 0.15). Conclusions. Bifrontal ECT is not more effective than BT or RUL ECT but may have modest short-term benefits for specific memory domains. BF ECT has potential advantages, but given longer experience with BT and RUL, bifrontal ECT requires better characterization. © 2012 Informa Healthcare.
Can repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation prolong the antidepressant effects of sleep deprivation?$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been proposed for stabilizing the antidepressant effect of sleep deprivation (SD) by preventing the relapse after a night of recovery sleep. In this study, we aimed to replicate these data coming from a small pilot study in a larger patient sample. Methods: Thirty-seven patients were randomly assigned to receive either active or sham rTMS on four consecutive days after one night of SD. The majority of the participants had experienced an antidepressant effect of SD in the past. At each rTMS session 1000 stimuli were applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 10 Hz with an intensity of 110% resting motor threshold. For sham stimulation, a sham-coil system was used. Treatment effects were assessed with a modified version of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and a self-report well-being scale (BfS) before SD, after SD, during rTMS and 3 days after rTMS. Results: SD led to a highly significant reduction of depressive symptoms in the whole group as reflected by a mean Hamilton Depression Rating Scales score reduction of 56% (with omission of sleep items). In both the active and the sham-stimulated group, the symptom reduction remained stable for the whole observation period. No difference between active and sham rTMS was observed. Conclusions: SD is capable of inducing pronounced antidepressant effects. In contrast to a previous study, active rTMS was not superior to sham rTMS in stabilizing the antidepressant effects of SD, which was mainly due to a pronounced effect in the sham group in this study population. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Treatment options for refractory positive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Although antipsychotic medication effectively ameliorates positive symptoms in the majority of patients with schizophrenia, between one-fifth and one-third of patients have resistant psychotic symptoms. Negative symptoms are not responsive to antipsychotic medication and constitute the major reason for decreased global functioning. Treatment of patients with resistant symptoms has remained a persistent public health problem, as medication-resistant patients are often highly symptomatic, have a severely reduced quality of life and need extensive periods of hospital care. They also require a disproportionately high amount of the total health costs for schizophrenia. In recent years, several strategies have been applied to improve intractable positive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia, including pharmacological augmentation, TMS, cognitive behavioral therapy and ECT. This symposium will focus on the efficacy of these different strategies to improve symptom severity in schizophrenia. All speakers will provide a comprehensive overview of literature together with recent findings of their own groups. Stefan Leucht (Klinikum rechts der Isar, Munich) will summarize the literature on pharmacological augmentation for resistant psychosis, covering augmentation with anti-depressant, anti-convulsive, and anti-psychotic drugs. Donald Goff (Massachusetts GeneralHospital, Boston) will summarize the results of recent studies of glutamatergic agents added to antipsychotic medication. In addition, he will present results from a recent pharmacogenetic study that demonstrated efficacy with folate for negative symptoms in patients with a specific MTHFR genotype. Iris Sommer (University Medical Center Utrecht) will evaluate the options for rTMS treatment for medication resistant auditory verbal hallucinations. She will discuss recent RTCs applying low frequency TMS, priming TMS, high frequency TMS and theta burst. She will also present the possibilities of rTMS for the treatment of negative symptoms. Elizabeth Kuipers (Institute of Psychiatry, London) chaired the updated NICE guidelines for Schizophrenia (2009), UK, and will present the evidence for current psychotherapeutic options for medication resistant psychosis, including new CBT approaches from her research group, such as meta-cognitive training and rescripting. Georgios Petrides (The Zucker Hillside Hospital, Hofstra Northshore-LIJ School of Medicine, New York) will review the efficacy of ECT for schizophrenia patients with intractable symptoms, focusing both on overall outcome and on specific aspects such as positive and negative symptom severity. He will also present results from a randomized controlled trial ECT in clozapine resistant patients.
Effects of concurrent intravenous morphine sulfate and naltrexone hydrochloride on end-tidal carbon dioxide$$$ Background: Respiratory depression, a potentially fatal side-effect of opioid-overdose, may be reversed by timely administration of an opioid antagonist, such as naloxone or naltrexone. Tampering with a formulation of morphine sulfate and sequestered naltrexone hydrochloride extended release capsules (MS-sNT) releases both the opioid morphine and the antagonist naltrexone. A study in recreational opioid-users indicated that morphine and naltrexone injected in the 25:1 ratio (duplicating the ratio of the formulation) found MS-sNT reduced morphine-induced euphoric effects vs intravenous (IV) morphine alone. In the same study, the effects of morphine + naltrexone on end-tidal carbon dioxide (EtCO2), a measure of respiratory-depression, were evaluated and these data are reported here.Methods: Single-center, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study. Non-dependent male opioid users were randomized to receive single IV doses of placebo, 30 mg morphine alone, and 30 mg morphine + 1.2 mg naltrexone. EtCO2 was measured by noninvasive capnography.Results: Significant differences in EtCO2 least-squares means across all treatments for maximal effect (Emax) and area under the effect curve (AUE0-2, AUE0-8, AUE0-24) were detected (all p ≤ 0.0011). EtCO2 Emax values for morphine + naltrexone were significantly reduced vs morphine alone (42.9 mm Hg vs 47.1 mm Hg, p < 0.0001) and were not significantly different vs placebo (41.9 mm Hg). Median time to reach maximal effect (TEmax) was delayed for morphine + naltrexone vs morphine alone (5.0 h vs 1.0 h).Conclusions: Results provide preliminary evidence that the naltrexone:morphine ratio within MS-sNT is sufficient to significantly reduce EtCO2 when administered intravenously to non-dependent male recreational opioid-users. Further studies with multiple measures of respiratory-function are warranted to determine if risk of respiratory depression is also reduced by naltrexone in the tampered formulation. © 2012 Goli et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Ethical issues of placebo-controlled studies in depression and a randomized withdrawal trial in Japan : Case study in the ethics of mental health research$$$ The use of placebo controls in psychiatric research is controversial. In this article, we focus on a troubling Japanese case of a randomized withdrawal trial of the antidepressant sertraline and analyze the ethical issues underlying it. First, we consider whether a placebo-controlled withdrawal trial should, in general, be considered more ethical than a standard placebocontrolled trial.We argue that the use of a placebo arm in this trial is ethically permissible but that there is no good reason to use a withdrawal trial design. Second, we discuss whether our moral evaluation of the use of placebo in this case should change when the special Japanese regulatory environment is taken into account. We argue that it should not and conclude that the use of withdrawal design in this case is ethically unacceptable. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The neurobiology of depression$$$ Introduction or background: Depressive disorder is a long term, relapsing condition associated with high levels of disability and mortality. It has a neurobiological basis and is associated with functional and structural brain abnormalities. Sources of data: The data discussed have been obtained mainly from meta-analyses, randomized controlled clinical trials and key review papers as well as animal studies. Areas of agreement: Genetic vulnerability and stress are key factors in its aetiopathogenesis. Dysregulation of the hypothalamo-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis reduces hippocampal volumes and prefrontal cortex (PFC) activity in depressed patients and disrupts homeostasis within the neurocircuit of depression. Antidepressant drugs increase brain-derived neurotrophin, restoring neuronal growth and activity and modulate interactions between the neurocircuit anatomical structures. Areas of controversy: It remains to be confirmed whether structural changes in the brain are purely abnormalities in neuroplasticity and are fully reversible, whether they predate depression and whether they increase in the long term. Growing points: Investigation of the molecular mechanisms mediating gene and environment interaction is a growing and potentially fruitful area of research in the neurobiology of depression. Further elucidation of the neuroanatomical and physiological connections between the limbic structures and PFC may help identify key areas to target in treatment. The role of the dysregulation of the HPA axis and identifiable stressors in the recent or remote past which are not always present in depression need further study. Areas timely for developing research: Prospective studies examining the interaction between changes in brain function and structure in relation to stress and identified relevant genes and how these may be influenced by antidepressant drug treatment and the long-term course of depression would help clarify their role in the pathophysiology of this disorder. © The Author 2012. Published by Oxford University Press. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar versus unipolar major depression: A meta-analysis$$$ Objective: Bipolar major depression differs considerably from unipolar major depression with regard to the efficacy of treatment with antidepressants. In bipolar depression, response to treatment with antidepressants is disappointing. Whether response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) differs between bipolar and unipolar depression remains unclear. Therefore, this systematic review investigates the relative efficacy of ECT in both forms of depression. Methods: Relevant cohort studies were identified from a systematic search of the PubMed electronic database. Six studies were included in this meta-analysis. Results: In this meta-analysis, the overall remission rate was 50.9% (n=402/790) for patients with unipolar depression and 53.2% (n=168/316) for patients with bipolar major depression. A pooled odds ratio (OR) and confidence interval (CI) were calculated using random-effects meta-analysis with the Mantel-Haenzel method. This analysis shows similar efficacy of ECT in patients with unipolar and bipolar depression (OR = 1.08, 95% CI: 0.75-1.57). Conclusion: ECT appears to be equally effective for both bipolar and unipolar depression and the remission rates are encouraging, especially for bipolar depression. © 2012 John Wiley and Sons A/S.
Exploration and modulation of brain network interactions with noninvasive brain stimulation in combination with neuroimaging$$$ Much recent work in systems neuroscience has focused on how dynamic interactions between different cortical regions underlie complex brain functions such as motor coordination, language and emotional regulation. Various studies using neuroimaging and neurophysiologic techniques have suggested that in many neuropsychiatric disorders, these dynamic brain networks are dysregulated. Here we review the utility of combined noninvasive brain stimulation and neuroimaging approaches towards greater understanding of dynamic brain networks in health and disease. Brain stimulation techniques, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation, use electromagnetic principles to alter brain activity noninvasively, and induce focal but also network effects beyond the stimulation site. When combined with brain imaging techniques such as functional magnetic resonance imaging, positron emission tomography and electroencephalography, these brain stimulation techniques enable a causal assessment of the interaction between different network components, and their respective functional roles. The same techniques can also be applied to explore hypotheses regarding the changes in functional connectivity that occur during task performance and in various disease states such as stroke, depression and schizophrenia. Finally, in diseases characterized by pathologic alterations in either the excitability within a single region or in the activity of distributed networks, such techniques provide a potential mechanism to alter cortical network function and architectures in a beneficial manner. © 2012 The Authors. European Journal of Neuroscience © 2012 Federation of European Neuroscience Societies and Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in combination with citalopram in young patients with first-episode major depressive disorder: A double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Objectives: To evaluate the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) started with citalopram in first-episode young major depressive patients.Methods: In a 2-week double-blind study with a 2-week extended antidepressant phase, 60 first-episode young major depressive patients were randomly assigned to citalopram in combination with 2 weeks of either active or sham rTMS treatment. During the following 2 weeks, the patients continued only the citalopram treatment. The 17-item Hamilton depression rating scale (HAMD-17) and Montgomery-Asberg depression rating scale (MADRS) were used to assess the severity of depression. Moreover, the Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST), Trail-Making Test (TMT), and Stroop Color-Word Test (SCWT) were used to assess executive function.Results: (1) There was a significantly greater number of early improvers (a reduction of HAMD-17 score ≥20% within the first 2 weeks) observed in the active rTMS group compared to the sham group (57% vs. 29%, χ2=4.667, p=0.031). (2) There was no significant difference observed in responder rates (46% vs. 36%, χ2=0.295, p=0.586) or in remission rates (39% vs. 29%, χ2=0.319, p=0.572) between the two groups at 4 weeks. (3) There was a significant difference seen in both HAMD-17 and MADRS scores between the two groups at 2 and 4 weeks. The active rTMS group showed a significantly faster score reduction compared to the sham group at 2 weeks (HAMD-17, t=13.444, p=0.001; MADRS, t=30.123, p=0.000), which was maintained at 4 weeks on both scales (HAMD-17, t=46.915, p=0.000; MADRS, t=39.996, p=0.000). (4) The patients did not deteriorate in executive performance, and even improved in categories on WCST and completed TMT faster in the active group.Conclusions: rTMS accelerated the rapidity of the antidepressant response in first-episode young depressive patients. Our results call for future rTMS studies with larger sample sizes, high intensity of stimuli, and longer duration to draw more definitive conclusions. © The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists 2012.
Refractoriness in Bipolar Disorder: Definitions and Evidence-Based Treatment$$$ Defining refractoriness in bipolar disorder is complex and should concern and include either every phase and pole or the disorder as a whole. The data on the treatment of refractory bipolar patients are sparse. Combination and add-on studies suggest that in acutely manic patients partial responders to lithium, valproate, or carbamazepine, a good strategy would be to add haloperidol, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, or aripiprazole. Adding oxcarbazepine to lithium is also a choice. There are no reliable data concerning the treatment of refractory bipolar depressives and also there is no compelling data for the maintenance treatment of refractory patients. It seems that patients stabilized on combination treatment might do worse if shifted from combination. Conclusively there are only limited and sometimes confusing data on the treatment of refractory bipolar patients. Further focused research is necessary on this group of patients. © 2011 Blackwell Publishing Ltd.
Frequency and use of pain assessment tools implemented in randomized controlled trials in the adult burns population: A systematic review$$$ Introduction: Pain continues to be an ongoing issue of concern in adult burn patients. Inadequate pain assessment hinders meaningful research, and prevents the optimal management of burn pain. The objective of this study was to examine the content of existing research in burn pain with the frequency and context of pain assessment tool use in randomized clinical trials in order to further inform their use for future researchers and clinicians. Methods: Electronic searches of MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE and The Cochrane Library databases from 1966 onwards were used to identify English articles related to clinical trials utilising pain assessment in adult burns patients. Results: The systematic literature search identified 25 randomized clinical trials utilising pain assessment tools. Unidimensional pain assessment tools were most frequently used pain assessment tools, with multidimensional tools used less often, despite the multifaceted and complex nature of burn pain. Conclusion: The review highlights the lack of consistency of pain assessment tool use in randomized clinical trials with respect to managing burn pain. We recommend a broader but consistent use of multidimensional pain assessment tools for researchers undertaking clinical trials in this field. The review supports the need for an international expert consensus to identify the necessary critical outcomes and domains for clinicians and researchers undertaking further research into burn pain. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd and ISBI. All rights reserved.
Maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (M-ECT) after acute response: Examining the evidence for who, what, when, and how?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the evidence for maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (M-ECT) to help determine who, when, and how long ECT should be continued. METHOD: A review of published literature on the use of maintenance ECT (M-ECT) was conducted. It focused primarily on trials published since 1997, meeting the following additional criteria: randomized controlled trial or cohort study with a comparison (matched group or before and after), and at least 10 patients receiving M-/continuation ECT. Where such data are not available, recent case series were reviewed. RESULTS: Relapse rates after discontinuation of ECT are very high. Maintenance ECT is an underused treatment option that can substantially reduce risks of relapse in patients with major depressive disorder and likely in bipolar disorder and schizophrenia as well. Little data are available for the use of M-ECT in neurological disorders, and no cost-effectiveness analyses in the maintenance setting were found. CONCLUSIONS: Whereas no clear answers emerge from the literature, there is now a growing body of evidence to suggest that for those who have not responded well to medications but have responded to ECT, M-ECT must be presented as an option to the patient and the family for consideration. Clear consensus guidelines for the use of M-ECT are needed. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The incidence of tardive dyskinesia in the study of pharmacotherapy for psychotic depression (STOP-PD)$$$ Introduction: Major depression with psychotic features (MDpsy) is a severe form of major depressive disorder (MDD) that carries significant morbidity and a poor prognosis1. Once recognized, the treatments of choice is either combination pharmacology with an antidepressant and antipsychotic or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)2, 3. However. the use of antipsychotics in patients with mood disorders has been associated with an elevated risk of developing tardive dyskinesia (TD) with a shorter duration of treatment and lower cumulative dose of antipsychotic than in patients with schizophrenia and related psychoses4. Older age has also been associated with higher incidence of TD with antipsychotic treatment5. Most data on the risk for TD pertains to younger patients with schizophrenia or older patients with dementia who may have a different risk and, typically, are exposed to antipsychotics for longer durations. The initial findings of an 8.5% incidence of TD in a sample of younger and older subjects who participated in the federally-funded Study of Pharmacotherapy for Psychotic Depression (STOP-PD), has been cited in letters debating the appropriateness of using atypical antipsychotic medications in the treatment of major depression 6, 7. We subsequently re-analyzed the TD frequency in STOP-PD using the methods specified in the published manuscript and found that the frequency of new cases was only 4.3% (Erratum, Meyers et al.). However, as noted by Nelson and Papakostas, case identification rates using rating scale criteria vary widely and the incidence of rating scale TD in STOP-PD far exceeded the number of participants with a clinically adverse event7. Because of this disparity and the expectation that different criteria for capturing TD would result in different frequency rates, we applied different criteria sets to estimate a range for the baseline prevalence and incidence during short-term exposure in younger and older patients with MDPsy who participated in a 12-week clinical trial comparing olanzapine plus sertraline vs. olanzapine plus placebo. Methods: All subjects (N = 259) were assessed with the Abnormal Involuntary Movement Scale (AIMS) at baseline, and after 4, 8, and 12 weeks of treatment. We used seven different operationalized criteria to estimate the prevalence of TD at baseline and the incidence over the duration of the trial (Table 1). For each set of criteria, we determined which subjects met criteria for TD at baseline. These subjects were excluded from further analysis and we then applied the criteria to the other subjects to assess the incidence of TD during the study. Finally, using each set of criteria, we compared the prevalence of TD at baseline and the incidence of new cases in patients younger or older than 60 years old using a Fisher exact test. Results: The overall prevalence and incidence of TD (Table 2) varied almost six-fold depending on the criteria used (prevalence range: 1.2% to 8.9%; incidence range: 0.0% and 5.9%). TD was observed as a clinical adverse event in only one subject (0.4%). Older subjects had a much higher prevalence of TD at baseline (older adults: 2.1% to 13.4%; younger adults: 0.0% to 3.4% in younger adults). However, the incidence in younger and older subjects did not differ significantly on any of the criteria used to diagnose TD. Conclusions: To our knowledge this is the first large, randomized-controlled study to report the incidence of TD in a sample of subjects with MDpsy treated with an atypical antipsychotic. The incidence of TD was relatively low in both younger and older patients with MD-Psy treated acutely with olanzapine. The results demonstrate that the clinically meaningful emergence of TD occurs in less than one percent of MDpsy patients across the lifespan treated with Olanzapine over a 12-week period. Our results also highlight the need for greater consistency in measuring the emergence of TD in trials of patients being treated with antipsychotic for indications other than schizophrenia, as the incidence rates varied 6 fold depending on the criteria used. (Table presented).
Treatment resistant bipolar depression: A randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is by many clinicians considered to be the most effective treatment of the treatment resistant depressive episodes of bipolar disorder even if there are no randomized controlled trials of ECT in bipolar depression. In this randomized controlled trial in treatment resistant bipolar depression we compared the effect of ECT and pharmacological treatment as usual. Methods: A prospective, multi-site, randomized controlled (1:1 randomization), six- week acute treatment trial. Six acute psychiatric departments throughout Norway included 73 DSMIV diagnosed bipolar disorder patients with treatment resistant depression. The patients were randomized to either 1) ECT, three sessions per week for up to six weeks or 2) an algorithm-based pharmacological treatment. Remission and response rates will be compared for the two treatments using mixed linear regression analysis. Results: The trial is ended and the results will be presented at the conference. Discussion: This is the first randomized controlled trial, to our knowledge, comparing the effect of ECT to pharmacological treatment as usual in treatment resistant bipolar depression.
The neurocognitive profile in depressed therapy resistant bipolar disorder inpatients$$$ Introduction: Bipolar disorder (BD) is associated with cognitive impairment during mood episodes and in euthymia. Few studies have investigated the neuropsychological profiles in BD depression and the effects of clinical parameters on cognitive performance. Objective: The aims of the study were to evaluate the neurocognitive profiles in treatment resistant, acutely admitted BD depression inpatients and to assess the associations between cognitive domains and clinical characteristics. Methods: The data stems from the Norwegian Randomized controlled trial of Electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant BD depression. Study participants comprised 46 patients who suffered from a major depressive episode (MADRS ≥25) and met DSM-IV-TR criteria for bipolar I (n = 16) or bipolar II (n = 30) disorder. Neuropsychological functioning was assessed at baseline with the MATRICS Consensus Cognitive Battery (MCCB). Additionally we used the Norwegian versions of the Wechsler Abbreviated Scale of Intelligence (WASI) and the National Adult Reading Test (NART). Results: The treatment resistant BD depression inpatients showed an impaired neurocognitive profile compared to the normal population. Speed of processing was the domain most severely affected with a mean score more than 1 SD below norms. 15% of the patients did not show impairment in any domain and 20% had impairments in all six domains. We found an association between age and cognitive decline, supporting a deteriorating process in severe BD suggested by other authors. The impact of other clinical parameters on neurocognition will be described on the conference. There was no significant difference between diagnostic groups (BP I vs. BP II) in premorbid IQ estimated with NART (112 vs. 114). We found bipolar I patients performing significantly lower on current IQ (WASI) than bipolar II patients (95 vs. 109, p < 0.01), indicating an IQ decline in BP I patients from premorbid to actual level.
Garden rehabilitation stabilises INF-gamma and IL-2 levels but does not relieve depressive-symptoms$$$ Introduction: Based on theories on the impact of an enriched environment on stress regulation, we conducted a small-scale study on psychiatric patients to examine the effect of add-on garden rehabilitation on illness and inflammatory state. Materials and methods: Patients suffering from a mood- or an anxiety disorder were recruited while hospitalized, or from an outpatient psychiatric facility. Before entering the study, they were randomized to participate in an 8-week garden rehabilitation and treatment as usual (TAU) or to TAU only. Before start of the study, after 4 weeks and 8 weeks all patients were subjected to blood sampling. Their psychopathology was rated according to the Comprehensive Psychopathological Rating Scale, from which e.g. the Montgomery A˚ sberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) was retrieved. Levels of inflammatory factors in blood plasma were measured using high sensitivity photon-emission based ELISA (Mesoscale). Results: At baseline and before randomization, there was no significant difference in inflammatory factors between rehabilitation patients and TAU controls when controlling for ECT, age and sex neither were any differences in plasma levels found between diagnostic groups. Repeated measures ANOVAs showed that the MADRS scores, aswell as the levels of interleukin (IL)-6, decreased significantly over time. Furthermore, by the time of randomization, there was a significant correlation between plasma levels of IL-6 and MADRS scores (p < 0.01). No such correlations appeared for other inflammatory factors. Garden rehabilitation had no effect on the MADRS scores, but had an effect on the cytokines interferon (IFN)-gamma (p < 0.01) and IL-2 (p < 0.05). In TAU patients, these cytokines were significantly higher at the second blood sampling (Bonferroni- Dunn's corrected post-hoc test, p < 0.01). At the end of the study, baseline cytokine levels were found for both groups. Discussion:We found that both plasma levels of IL-6 as well as MADRS scores decreased during the 8 study weeks after randomization. Garden rehabilitation had no significant effect on depressive symptoms, and no effect on the majority of inflammatory substances. During the study, TAU patients had significantly higher levels of IFN-gamma and IL-2 than patients in garden rehabilitation. These results provide further evidence for the theory of a role for inflammation in depressive disorders. Garden rehabilitation did not have a significant impact on symptoms but could potentially play a role in stabilising fluctuating cytokine levels.
Management options in multiple sclerosis-associated fatigue$$$ Introduction: Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic, inflammatory, autoimmune disease of the CNS. Its characteristic early clinical course includes exacerbations and remissions of neurologic disability. Fatigue is one of the most common symptoms of MS and is associated with a reduced quality of life; it is described as the worst symptom of the disease by 50 60% of patients. Yet, due to limitations of available evidence, current therapeutic approaches for treating fatigue are based mainly on preliminary studies and expert consensus. Areas covered: This review summarizes current knowledge on the physiopathology, diagnosis and therapeutic options for MS-associated fatigue, including both pharmacological and non-pharmacological strategies. Expert opinion: Large, rigorously designed trials can provide more reliable results on the efficacy of interventions for fatigue, their functional impact on everyday activities and patient quality of life. Future research should also address a better understanding of the physiopathologic mechanisms of fatigue and the development and validation of objective assessment tools to be used together with patient self-ratings. © 2012 Informa UK, Ltd.
Epilepsy emergencies: Diagnosis and management$$$ Seizures and status epilepticus are epilepsy emergencies with high morbidity and mortality. Early treatment is crucial, and the identification of an underlying etiology informs both continued treatment and prognosis. Many patients have underdiagnosed nonconvulsive seizures or nonconvulsive status epilepticus, particularly the comatose or critically ill. Timely EEG can be useful for diagnosis, management, optimizing treatment response, and determining prognosis in these patients. Refractory conditions can be quite complicated with limited evidence-based guidance, but treatment should not be restricted by nihilism even in the most prolonged cases, especially if there is not widespread irreversible brain injury. © 2012 Elsevier Inc.
Swallowing neurorehabilitation: From the research laboratory to routine clinical application$$$ The recent application of neurostimulation techniques to enhance the understanding of swallowing neural plasticity has expanded the focus of rehabilitation research from manipulation of swallowing biomechanics to manipulation of underlying neural systems. Neuromodulatory strategies that promote the brain's ability to reorganize its neural connections have been shown to hold promising potential to aid the recovery of impaired swallowing function. These techniques include those applied to the brain through the intact skull, such as transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct current stimulation, or those applied to the sensorimotor system in the periphery, such as neuromuscular electrical stimulation. Recent research has demonstrated that each of these techniques, either by themselves or in combination with these and other treatments, can, under certain circumstances, modify the excitability of motor representations of muscles involved in swallowing. In some studies, experimentally induced plastic changes have been shown to have functional relevance for swallowing biomechanics. However, the transition of novel, neuromodulatory brain stimulation techniques from the research laboratory to routine clinical practice is accompanied by a number of ethical, organizational, and clinical implications that impact professions concerned with the treatment of swallowing rehabilitation. In this article, we provide a brief overview of the neuromodulatory strategies that may hold potential to aid the recovery of swallowing function, and raise a number of issues that we believe the clinical professions involved in the rehabilitation of swallowing disorders must confront as these novel brain stimulation techniques emerge into clinical practice. © 2012 American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine.
Therapeutic devices for epilepsy$$$ Therapeutic devices provide new options for treating drug-resistant epilepsy. These devices act by a variety of mechanisms to modulate neuronal activity. Only vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), which continues to develop new technology, is approved for use in the United States. Deep brain stimulation of anterior thalamus for partial epilepsy recently was approved in Europe and several other countries. Responsive neurostimulation, which delivers stimuli to 1 or 2 seizure foci in response to a detected seizure, recently completed a successful multicenter trial. Several other trials of brain stimulation are in planning or underway. Transcutaneous magnetic stimulation (TMS) may provide a noninvasive method to stimulate cortex. Controlled studies of TMS are split on efficacy, which may depend on whether a seizure focus is near a possible region for stimulation. Seizure detection devices in the form of shake detectors via portable accelerometers can provide notification of an ongoing tonic-clonic seizure, or peace of mind in the absence of notification. Prediction of seizures from various aspects of electroencephalography (EEG) is in early stages. Prediction appears to be possible in a subpopulation of people with refractory seizures, and a clinical trial of an implantable prediction device is underway. Cooling of neocortex or hippocampus reversibly can attenuate epileptiform EEG activity and seizures, but engineering problems remain in its implementation. Optogenetics is a new technique that can control excitability of specific populations of neurons with light. Inhibition of epileptiform activity has been demonstrated in hippocampal slices, but use in humans will require more work. In general, devices provide useful palliation for otherwise uncontrollable seizures, but with a different risk profile than with most drugs. Optimizing the place of devices in therapy for epilepsy will require further development and clinical experience. Copyright © 2011 American Neurological Association.
Comparison of auditory hallucinations across different disorders and syndromes$$$ Auditory hallucinations can be experienced in the context of many different disorders and syndromes. The differential diagnosis basically rests on the presence or absence of accompanying symptoms. In terms of clinical relevance, the most important distinction to be made is between auditory hallucinations occurring in the context of psychotic disorders and those that are due to a somatic disorder. Auditory hallucinations are also quite common in otherwise healthy individuals and are therefore not necessarily disease-related. As auditory hallucinations are often accompanied by hallucinations in other modalities, pinpointing the modality in which hallucinations are experienced most frequently may provide a first-albeit coarse-indication of whether the auditory hallucinations are part of a neurological disorder (mainly visual), a psychiatric disorder (mainly auditory), an ear disorder (mainly auditory) or whether they occur in the absence of any disorder (mainly auditory). Epilepsy is the most important exception to this coarse differentiation. Another traditional distinction between hallucinations occurring in the context of neurological and psychiatric disorders is that the former are assumed to start at an advanced age, whereas hallucinations in the context of psychiatric disorders typically begin in late adolescence or early adulthood. Although there are many exceptions to this rule of thumb-as in psychotic depression, late-onset schizophrenia and epilepsy-age of onset can still be a valuable clinical indicator. The content of auditory hallucinations is notoriously unreliable for differential diagnosis and the safest way to an accurate diagnosis rests with the detection of psychiatric and somatic comorbid symptoms. © 2012 Future Medicine Ltd.
Executive summary of the report by the WPA section on pharmacopsychiatry on general and comparative efficacy and effectiveness of antidepressants in the acute treatment of depressive disorders$$$ Current gold standard in the treatment of depression includes pharmacotherapeutic and psychotherapeutic strategies together with social support. Due to the actually discussed controversies concerning the differential efficacy of antidepressants, a contribution to a comprehensive clarification seems to be necessary to avert further deterioration and uncertainty from patients, relatives, and their treating psychiatrists and general practitioners. Both efficacy and clinical effectiveness of antidepressants in the treatment of depressive disorders can be confirmed. Clinically meaningful antidepressant treatment effects were confirmed in different types of studies. Methodological issues of randomized controlled studies, meta-analyses, and effectiveness studies will be discussed. Furthermore, actual data about the differential efficacy and effectiveness of antidepressants with distinct pharmacodynamic properties and about outcome differences in studies using antidepressants and/or psychotherapy are discussed. This is followed by a clinically oriented depiction-the differential clinical effectiveness of different pharmacodynamic modes of action of antidepressants in different subtypes of depressive disorders. It can be summarized that the spectrum of different antidepressant treatments has broadened during the last decades. The efficacy and clinical effectiveness of antidepressants is statistically significant and clinically relevant and proven repeatedly. For further optimizing antidepressant treatment plans, clearly structured treatment algorithms and the implementation of psychotherapy seem to be useful. A modern individualized antidepressant treatment in most cases is a well-tolerated and efficacious tool to minimize the negative impact of the otherwise devastating and life-threatening outcome of depressive disorders. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
High-frequency rTMS treatment increases white matter FA in the left middle frontal gyrus in young patients with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for treatment-resistant depression (TRD), but its therapeutic mechanisms are unclear. White matter abnormalities are thought to cause network dysfunction underlying TRD. Diffusion tensor imaging (DTI) is an ideal tool for examining neural connections and the integrity of white matter. Few studies have used DTI to investigate the impact of rTMS on alterations of whiter matter in TRD. Method: 30 young treatment-resistant unipolar depression patients (19 males and 11 females) were enrolled in a double-blind, randomized high-frequency (15 Hz) rTMS treatment study. Seventeen patients were treated with real stimulation, and 13 were treated with sham stimulation. White-matter fractional anisotropy (FA) was evaluated using voxel-based analysis (VBA) of FA maps derived from DTI before and after treatment. Twenty-five age- and gender-matched subjects were examined as a control group. Results: In an exploratory VBA method, clusters of fifty voxels or greater that survived a family-wise error (FWE)-corrected threshold of p < 0.05 were considered significant. The results revealed significantly reduced FA in the left middle frontal gyrus, with peak coordinates [- 18 46 - 14] in TRD patients. This reduced FA was significantly improved after active rTMS treatment, but not sham stimulation. FA increases were correlated with decreased depressive symptoms. Limitations: This study requires replication and further clarification in a larger patient population, and optimization of stimulation locations and methods. Conclusions: These results suggest that the efficacy of rTMS on TRD is related to increased white-matter FA in the left middle frontal gyrus. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Depression in Parkinson disease - Epidemiology, mechanisms and management$$$ Depression occurs in around 35% of patients with Parkinson disease (PD) and is often persistent. Symptoms of depression can be evident in individuals at the time of diagnosis and might develop in the premotor stage of the disease. The underlying mechanisms of depression in PD are not known in detail, but changes in brain structure, signaling by neurotransmitters, and levels of inflammatory and neurotrophic factors are all suggested to contribute to its development. Psychosocial factors and pain could also have roles in depression. Changes in dopaminergic, noradrenergic and serotonergic systems in patients with PD might help to explain the incidence of depression in these individuals. Antidepressants that have dual serotonergic and noradrenergic effects are the drugs of choice for treating depression in PD. However, antiparkinsonian drugs might have beneficial effects not only on the motor symptoms of disease, but also on a patient's mood. Deep brain stimulation can worsen depression in some patients, but a preliminary study has suggested that transcranial magnetic stimulation could improve symptoms of depression. This Review describes the frequency and course of depression in patients with PD. The mechanisms that underlie depression in this disease are also discussed, and the management strategies for these patients are highlighted. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for depression: 3-Week, randomised, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: Preliminary evidence suggests transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) has antidepressant efficacy. Aims: To further investigate the efficacy of tDCS in a double-blind, sham-controlled trial (registered at www.clinicaltrials.gov: NCT00763230). Method: Sixty-four participants with current depression received active or sham anodal tDCS to the left prefrontal cortex (2 mA, 15 sessions over 3 weeks), followed by a 3-week open-label active treatment phase. Mood and neuropsychological effects were assessed. Results: There was significantly greater improvement in mood after active than after sham treatment (P50.05), although no difference in responder rates (13% in both groups). Attention and working memory improved after a single session of active but not sham tDCS (P<0.05). There was no decline in neuropsychological functioning after 3-6 weeks of active stimulation. One participant with bipolar disorder became hypomanic after active tDCS. Conclusions: Findings confirm earlier reports of the antidepressant efficacy and safety of tDCS. Vigilance for mood switching is advised when administering tDCS to individuals with bipolar disorder. Declaration of interest: None.
A sham controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for posttraumatic stress disorder$$$ Background: Posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is a commonly occurring and often debilitating psychiatric condition. There currently is not definitive information regarding the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for PTSD. Objective: This study seeks to examine the efficacy of rTMS for PTSD. Methods: Twenty subjects with PTSD were randomly assigned to receive either 10 rTMS sessions delivered at 1 Hz to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPRC) or 10 sham rTMS sessions to the same area. A blinded rater assessed PTSD, depressive, anxiety, and neurocognitive symptoms before treatment, after the treatment series, and during a 2-month follow-up period. Results: Trancranial magnetic stimulation delivered at 1 Hz to the right DLPRC resulted in statistically and clinically significant improvements in core PTSD symptoms and depressive symptoms compared with sham treatments. The effectiveness showed some degradation during the 2 months after treatments were stopped. Conclusions: This blinded sham controlled trial supports the efficacy of 10 sessions of right DLPRC rTMS delivered at 1 Hz for the treatment of PTSD symptoms. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Novel therapeutic strategies for alcohol and drug addiction: Focus on GABA, ion channels and transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Drug addiction represents a major social problem where addicts and alcoholics continue to seek and take drugs despite adverse social, personal, emotional, and legal consequences. A number of pharmacological compounds have been tested in human addicts with the goal of reducing the level or frequency of intake, but these pharmacotherapies have often been of only moderate efficacy or act in a sub-population of humans. Thus, there is a tremendous need for new therapeutic interventions to treat addiction. Here, we review recent interesting studies focusing on gamma-aminobutyric acid receptors, voltage-gated ion channels, and transcranial magnetic stimulation. Some of these treatments show considerable promise to reduce addictive behaviors, or the early clinical studies or pre-clinical rationale suggest that a promising avenue could be developed. Thus, it is likely that within a decade or so, we could have important new and effective treatments to achieve the goal of reducing the burden of human addiction and alcoholism. © 2012 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved.
Dyspnea review for the palliative care professional: Treatment goals and therapeutic options$$$ Although dyspnea is frequently encountered in the palliative care setting, its optimal management remains uncertain. Clinical approaches begin with accurate assessment, as delineated in part one of this two-part series. Comprehensive dyspnea assessment, which encompasses the physical, emotional, social, and spiritual aspects of this complex symptom, guide the clinician in choosing therapeutic approaches herein presented as part two. Global management of dyspnea is appropriate both as complementary to disease-targeted treatments that target the underlying etiology, and as the sole focus when the symptom has become intractable, disease is maximally treated, and goals of care shift to comfort and quality of life. In this setting, current evidence supports the use of oral or parenteral opioids as the mainstay of dyspnea management, and of inhaled furosemide and anxiolytics as adjuncts. Nonpharmacologic interventions such as acupuncture and pulmonary rehabilitation have potential effectiveness, although further research is needed, and use of a simple fan warrants consideration given its potential benefit and minimal burden and cost. © 2012, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Effect of three different dosages of magnesium sulfate on attenuating hemodynamic responses after electroconvulsive therapy:A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: The purpose of this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover study was to compare the efficacy of three different dosages of MgSO4 administration (10, 20, and 30 mg/kg) versus placebo on attenuation of cardiovascular response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methodology: Thirty-five adult patients scheduled for 8 ECT sessions were randomly assigned to be allocated twice into one of the four study groups: MgSO4 10 mg/kg (M10), MgSO4 20 mg/ kg (M20), MgSO4 30 mg/kg (M30), and placebo control (P). Systolic (SAP), diastolic (DAP) and mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate (HR) were recorded at 0, 1, 3, and 10 minutes after termination of ECT-induced seizures. Duration of electroencephalographs (EEGs) and motor seizures and peak HR during convulsions were also recorded. Results: Changes in SAP, DAP, and MAP were significantly attenuated at 0, one, and three minutes after ECT in groups M20 and M30 compared with group P (P< 0.05). Peak HR changes were significantly less in groups M20 and M30 compared with groups M10 and P (P< 0.05). Duration of motor and EEG seizure activity was not significantly different among the four groups. Conclusion: Administration of either 20 or 30 mg/kg MgSO4 significantly attenuated increased blood pressure and peak HR after ECT without decreasing seizure duration.
Mood disorders in Parkinson's disease$$$ An increasing emphasis has been placed on the identification and management of non-motor features of Parkinson's disease (PD). Of the behavioural disorders in PD, mood disorders are amongst the most common and can occur in both early and late stages of PD. In some cases, these problems may even precede the development of motor symptoms of PD. These disorders have a major impact in the quality of life and affect daily function. This review will focus on depression, anxiety and apathy, and will discuss the epidemiological, clinical features, diagnosis and management of these disorders. The diagnosis and evaluation of these problems remain a challenge in view of the overlapping symptoms between these disorders and also with the clinical features of PD. The development and validation of diagnostic criteria and rating scales for these disorders remain a priority particularly in relation to anxiety and apathy. Another gap in the management of these disorders is the limited empirical evidence for the treatment of these problems. There is therefore an urgent need for systematic studies in the pharmacological and nonpharmacological management of these disorders to enable a holistic and evidence-based approach to the management of mood disorders in PD. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
[Effects of diazepam and levodopa single doses on motor cortex plasticity modulation in healthy human subjects: a TMS study].$$$ Administration of pharmacological agents with specific actions on neurotransmitter systems is a powerful driver of functional cortical reorganization. Plastic reorganization of the motor cortex in humans studies by the use of non-invasive stimulation protocols, which mimic the Hebbian model of associative plasticity. Aiming to explore pharmacological modulation on human motor cortex plasticity, we tested healthy subjects after each dosage of diazepam, levodopa i placebo administration, using paired associative stimulation protocol (PAS) that induce fenomena similar to a long-term potentiation and depression, as defined on the synaptic level. We analyzed effects of benzodiazepines (10 mg), levodopa (200 mg) and placebo on PAS protocol in 14 healthy volunteers, using a double-blind placebo-controlled study design. PAS consisted of electrical stimuli pairs at n.medianus and magnetic pulses over the scalp (transcranial magnetic stimulation) in precisely defined intervals (ISI was 10 and 25 ms) for a total of about 15 minutes (200 pairs). MEP amplitudes before and after (0, 10, 20 and 30 minutes later) interventional protocols were compared. When protocols were applied with placebo depending on ISI (10 ms--inhibitory, 25 ms--facilitatory effects), MEP amplitudes decreased or increased, while values in the post-interventional period (0, 10, 20 and 30 min) were compared with initial values before the use of SAS. The use of benzodiazepines caused the occlusion of LTP-like effect, in contrast to amplification effects recorded after the administration of levodopa. With respect to the LTD-like protocol, the reverse was true (ANOVA for repeat measurements p < 0.001). Administration of GABA-ergic agonist diazepam interferes with the induction of associative plasticity in the motor cortex of healthy individuals, as opposed to the use of levodopa, which stimulates these processes. The observed effects point at a potential role of pharmacological modulation of plasticity in humans.
Clinical practice guidelines for management of neuropathic pain: Expert panel recommendations for South Africa$$$ Neuropathic pain (NeuP) is challenging to diagnose and manage, despite ongoing improved understanding of the underlying mechanisms. Many patients do not respond satisfactorily to existing treatments. There are no published guidelines for diagnosis or management of NeuP in South Africa. A multidisciplinary expert panel critically reviewed available evidence to provide consensus recommendations for diagnosis and management of NeuP in South Africa. Following accurate diagnosis of NeuP, pregabalin, gabapentin, low-dose tricyclic antidepressants (e.g. amitriptyline) and serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (duloxetine and venlafaxine) are all recommended as first-line options for the treatment of peripheral NeuP. If the response is insufficient after 2 - 4 weeks, the recommended next step is to switch to a different class, or combine different classes of agent. Opioids should be reserved for use later in the treatment pathway, if switching drugs and combination therapy fails. For central NeuP, pregabalin or amitriptyline are recommended as first-line agents. Companion treatments (cognitive behavioural therapy and physical therapy) should be administered as part of a multidisciplinary approach. Dorsal root entry zone rhizotomy (DREZ) is not recommended to treat NeuP. Given the large population of HIV/AIDS patients in South Africa, and the paucity of positive efficacy data for its management, research in the form of randomised controlled trials in painful HIV-associated sensory neuropathy (HIV-SN) must be prioritised in this country.
The epidemiology of depression and the evolution of treatment$$$ Depression is a prevalent and pernicious disorder. About 1 in 5 US adults have at least 1 lifetime episode of major depression. Of those with depression, the majority will relapse over the long-term and many will have poor mental health outcomes and psychosocial disabilities. Over the past century, a range of treatments, including medications with varying mechanisms of action, have been developed to manage depression. Treatments from seizure therapies to an array of medications-amphetamine, tricyclic antidepressants, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, mixed-action antidepressants, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and dual reuptake inhibitors - have evolved. © Copyright 2012 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Comparison between the effect of liothyronine and piracetam on personal information, orientation and mental control in patients under treatment with ECT$$$ Objective: The study aimed to compare the effect of liothyronine and piracetam on three subscales of the Wechsler memory test on patients under treatment with ECT. Materials and Methods: In a double blind clinical trial, 60 of 99 patients between 20 and 45 years old, under treatment with ECT were studied in three groups. Patients in the allocation groups received liothyronine, piracetam, or placebo, from the first session of ECT until 1 month after the last session of ECT. Personal information, orientation, and mental control were tested in the participants at first, fourth, and last session of ECT and 1 month after the last session of ECT. Data were analyzed with Repeated measure ANOVA using SPSS 13. Results: There wasn't any significant difference among three groups in demographic characteristics before the study and number of ECT sessions (P=0.684). After intervention, a significant difference in memory scores was seen in third and fourth assessment sessions (0.002). Orientation subscales showed a significant difference among four assessment sessions (P=0.001). Personal information and mental control never decreased in the liothyronine group. There was no significant difference among three studied groups in personal information, orientation, and mental control (P>0.05). Conclusion: Memory changes due to ECT may be limited to some parts of memory like orientation. More powerful studies for comparison between the effect of liothyronine and placebo are necessary.
The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the motor cortex on complex regional pain syndrome patients$$$ Objective: There are many evidences that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex is effective in relief of chronic pain. The aim of this study was to evaluate the analgesic effects of rTMS in patients with refractory complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS). Methods: Twenty-three patients presenting with CRPS of the hand were randomly selected and treated with conventional treatment (analgesics, adjuvant medications and physical therapy) plus sham-TMS or rTMS to the motor cortex opposite the affected limb: 100% MT, 10 hz, 10 s trains, 25 trains daily, 10 daily sessions. The Visual Analogical Scale of Pain (VAS), McGill Questionnaire, Pain Impact Questionnaire (PIQ-6), Disabilities of the Arm, Shoulder and Hand Questionnaire (DASH), Hamilton Depression and Anxiety Rating Scales and SF-36 Questionnaire were the instruments used for the evaluation. The groups were comparable with regards to socio-demographics, mood and pain intensity. Evaluations were performed before, during TMS treatment and up to three months the end of the treatment. Results: There was a significant reduction in VAS scores favoring the rTMS group up to the seventh follow-up day (p<0.05). The mean reduction in the rTMS group was of 4.65 cm (fall of 50.9%) against 2.18 cm (fall of 24.7%) in sham group during treatment. Improvement in VAS scores was independent of other variables, except for improvement in emotional aspects in the SF-36. Conclusions: During rTMS sessions, there was significant and positive improvement in pain experience of CRPS patients regardless of mood, function or quality of life effects.
The combination of antidepressant drug therapy and high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression$$$ Objective: The optimal treatment parameters for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) are not yet determined. The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy of rTMS at two different intensities as an add-on treatment to antidepressants in medication-resistant depression. Methods: In this randomized, double-blind, shamcontrolled trial, 35 outpatients were randomly assigned to rTMS with an intensity of 80% or 110% of motor threshold at 20 Hz over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or to sham rTMS for 6 weeks in addition to antidepressant medications. Patients were assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale prior to the treatment and weekly during treatment. Results: A more than 50% decrease in the mean scores of the two scales from baseline was achieved in both active rTMS groups. This significant change in scores over time was more prominent between weeks 4-6 of the active treatment. No difference was found between the 110% and 80% rTMS groups regarding scale scores and response/remission rates. rTMS treatment was well tolerated without any major adverse event. Conclusions: rTMS with an intensity of 80% or 110% of resting motor threshold could augment antidepressant effects in medication-resistant depression especially during 4-6 weeks of active treatment.
2,6-Diisopropylphenol, ginsenoside Rg-1 and lithium protects against the impairment of learning-memory induced by electroconvulsive shock in depressed rats$$$ Aim: To explore the reverse of 2,6-Diisopropylphenol, ginsenoside Rg-1, lithium against the impairment of learning-memory and the hyperphosphorylation of protein Tau induced by electroconvulsive shock and the concentration of glutamic acid in the hippocampus in depressed rats, in order to compare the therapeutic effects and mechanisms of three medicines. Methods: As the analysis of variance of factorial design set up two intervention factors which were the electroconvulsive shock groups (two levels: no disposition; A course of electroconvulsive shock) and the drug intervention groups (four levels: Microinjection of 2,6-Diisopropylphenol, ginsenoside Rg-1, lithium and Saline). Sixty-four adult depression model rats whose olfactory bulbs were removed were randomly divided into eight experimental groups (n = 8, in each group). The Morris water maze test was started in order to evaluate learning-memory. The content of glutamate in the hippocampus of rats was detected by High Performance Liquid Chromatography. The content of protein Tau which includes Tau-5 and p-AT8Ser202 in the hippocampus of rats was detected by Western blot. Results: 2, 6-Diisopropylphenol, ginsenoside Rg-1 and lithium protected against the impairment of learning-memory induced by electroconvulsive shock in depressed rats. The 2, 6-Diisopropylphenol and ginsenoside Rg-1 reduced the content of glutamate. These three medicines reduced the hyperphosphorylation of protein Tau in the hippocampus of depressed rats. Conclusions: 2,6-Diisopropylphenol, ginsenoside Rg-1 and lithium can protect against the impairment of learning-memory induced by electroconvulsive shock in depressed rats though reducing the hyperphosphorylation of protein Tau. The first two are not content with the glutamate in the hippocampus.
Lack of data on depression-like states and antidepressant pharmacotherapy in patients with epilepsy: Randomised controlled trials are badly needed$$$ The prevalence of depression in patients with epilepsy (PWE) is high. To elucidate the nature of depression in PWE, a comparison was made between PWE and patients with idiopathic depression (PWID), applying 3 test batteries: Beck Depression Inventory II (BDI-II), Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale (CES-D) and Buss-Perry Aggression Questionnaire (BAQ). The former 2 rating scales were developed to measure depressive symptoms, while the latter was designed to detect anger and aggressive states. As a result, the group of patients with PWE showed significantly higher BAQ scores in comparison to those with PWID. Further, the BAQ and BDI scores were closely related within a group of PWE, while BAQ and BDI scores were not correlated with each other within a group of PWID. With regard to pharmaceutical therapy, the safety of antidepressants, especially SSRIs, is well established. However, there has been only one randomized controlled trial (RCT) thus far, which failed to show a significant difference in efficacy between placebo and various antidepressants. In contrast, there are two RCTs regarding the efficacy of LTG. The clinical profile of the depressiolytic effects of LTG in PWE may be different from that of antidepressants in patients with idiopathic depression, in that BAQ is more sensitive measure than BDI or CES-D. It is now widely recognized that the failure to treat depression in PWE can result in serious consequences. However, even a fundamental question, such as whether antidepressants are as effective in this population as in PWID, remains to be answered. © 2012 Bentham Science Publishers.
The drugs don't work? antidepressants and the current and future pharmacological management of depression$$$ Depression is a potentially life-threatening disorder affecting millions of people across the globe. It is a huge burden to both the individual and society, costing over £9 billion in 2000 alone: the World Health Organisation (WHO) cited it as the third leading cause of global disability in 2004 (first in the developed world), and project it will be the leading cause by 2030. The serendipitous discovery of antidepressants has revolutionized both our understanding and management of depression: however, their efficacy in the treatment of depression has long been debated and recently been brought very much into the public limelight by a controversial publication by Kirsch, in which the role of placebo response in antidepressant efficacy trials is highlighted. Whilst antidepressants offer benefits in both the short and long term, important problems persist such as intolerability, delayed therapeutic onset, limited efficacy in milder depression and the existence of treatment-resistant depression. © The Author(s), 2012.
Effectiveness of psychological interventions in chronic stage of stroke: A systematic review$$$ Objective: To examine the effectiveness of interventions for psychological issues faced by individuals post stroke when initiated in the chronic stage of stroke. Method: MEDLINE, CINAHL, EMBASE, and Scopus databases were searched from 1980 to July 2012. A study was included if (1) the study was a randomized controlled trial (RCT); (2) at least 50% of individuals in the study were entered into the study at over 6 months post stroke; (3) the study examined the effect of an intervention on psychological functioning; and (4) study participants were ≥ 18 years of age. Similar interventions were grouped and results summarized. Data on the study design, participant characteristics, interventions, outcomes, and adverse events were extracted from each of the selected studies. Results: Nine RCTs met inclusion criteria. All 9 studies examined effectiveness on mood and 3 on adjustment. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation had the strongest evidence of effectiveness in improving mood followed by pharmacotherapy; whereas exercise appeared to be effective in improving adjustment and coping among individuals in the chronic stage of stroke. Conclusion: Overall, interventions provided in the chronic stage of stroke appear to be effective in improving mood and adjustment up to 3 months post intervention. The use of multidisciplinary interventions and acceptance models may be important in the overall adjustment process. © 2012 Thomas Land Publishers, Inc.
Effect of Ginkgo biloba pill on patients with major depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background and purpose: One of the most common complications of depression and treatment with ECT as one of the most effective treatments for depression is problem related to memory. This study was performed with aim of determination of the effects of Ginkgo pill on depression and cognition disturbance in this patients. Materials and methods: In this clinical trial study, 81 major depressed inpatients who was admitted in Hajar hospital allocated randomly in two groups (case and control). patients had indications of bilateral ECT. Before and at the end of treatment period with ECT, cognition status of patients was evaluated by Mini Mental State Exam questionnaire and depression severity was evaluated with Hamilton depression questionnaire. In case group, patients was treated with Ginkgo pill 40 mg each 8 hours and control group was treated with placebo for ECT treatment period (2weeks). Data analyzed by software SPSS 11 / 5 t-test, mean and ANOVA. Results: Between the two groups there was no statistically significant differences between age, gender, marital status, employment, duration of disease, depression and cognition score (P>0.05). The average scores in the field of cognitive problems and depression status of patients before and after ECT in both groups had significant difference (P<0.001) and case groups was better in both condition. Conclusion: Result of this study revealed the effectiveness of Ginkgo biloba in, cognition and depression status of major depress patients who treated with ECT, probably related to flavenoids and antioxidant component of this plant.
Efficacy and safety of continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in depressed elderly patients: A systematic review$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the most efficacious treatment in severely depressed elderly patients. Relapse and recurrence of geriatric depression after recovery is an important clinical issue, which requires vigorous and safe treatment in the long term. Continuation or maintenance ECT (M-ECT) may play an important role in this respect. METHODS: In this systematic search, we evaluate the efficacy and safety of M-ECT in preventing depressive relapse in patients age 55 or older. Computer databases were searched for relevant literature published from 1966 until August 2010 with additional references. RESULTS: Twenty-two studies met the search criteria including three randomized clinical trials. M-ECT was studied in nine studies exclusively in the elderly patients. CONCLUSIONS: Research on this clinically important topic is sparse. On the basis of available literature, M-ECT is probably as effective as continuation medication in severely depressed elderly patients after a successful course of ECT and is generally well tolerated. To date, methodologically sound studies, which take into account important issues in geriatric depression like cognition, comorbidity, and clinical parameters, are lacking. © 2011 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Cognitive behavioral therapy-related increases in cortical inhibition in problematic perfectionists$$$ Background: Several lines of evidence suggest that cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is an effective treatment for depression and anxiety disorders. Evidence suggests that the therapeutic effects of CBT are related to neurophysiologic changes in the cortex, particularly γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) potentiation. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) represents a noninvasive method of measuring cortical inhibition, which is a neurophysiologic mechanism associated with the pathophysiology of several psychiatric disorders. Objective/Hypothesis: To demonstrate the effectiveness of a 12-week CBT intervention compared with a wait list control group measuring cortical inhibition in participants with pathologic perfectionism. Participants within the CBT group would demonstrate increases in cortical inhibition and improvements on clinical outcomes relative to the wait list control group. Methods: Twenty-four right-handed perfectionists were randomly assigned to a 12-week CBT intervention or a wait list control group. Cortical inhibition was measured at pre- and postintervention with TMS paradigms specifically short-interval cortical inhibition and the cortical silent period, which index GABAA and GABAB receptor-mediated inhibitory neurotransmission, respectively. Results: The CBT group demonstrated a significant potentiation of the cortical silent period when compared with the wait list control group. The CBT group demonstrated a decrease in anxiety sensitivity and automatic thoughts relative to the control group. Conclusions: These findings demonstrate that CBT tailored for perfectionism is accompanied by an increase in cortical inhibition of the motor cortex and positive changes on clinical outcomes. These findings provide compelling evidence for an association between positive CBT effects and a potentiation of GABAergic inhibitory neurotransmission. © 2012 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Roles of glutamate signaling in preclinical and/or mechanistic models of depression$$$ Accumulating evidence suggests that the glutamatergic system plays important roles in the pathophysiology and treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). Abnormalities in the glutamatergic system are definitely observed in this disorder, and certain glutamatergic agents exhibit antidepressant effects in patients with MDD. In this review, we summarize the preclinical findings suggesting the involvement of glutamate signaling in the pathophysiology and treatment of MDD. Preclinical animal models for depression are often characterized by changes in molecules related to glutamatergic signaling. Some antidepressants exert their effects by affecting glutamatergic system components in animals. Animals with genetically modified glutamatergic function exhibit depression-like behaviors or anti-depressive behavior. In addition, several types of glutamatergic agents have shown antidepressant-like effects in preclinical models for depression. Many types of glutamate receptors (NMDA, AMPA, and metabotropic glutamate receptors) or transporters appear to be involved in the etiology of depression or in the mechanisms of action of antidepressants. These functional proteins related to glutamate signal transduction are potential targets for a new generation of antidepressants with fast-onset effects, such as the NMDA antagonist ketamine. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of low versus high frequencies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognitive function and cortical excitability in Alzheimer's dementia$$$ The aim of the study was to compare the long-term efficacy of high versus low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), applied bilaterally over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), on cognitive function and cortical excitability of patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD). Forty-five AD patients were randomly classified into three groups. The first two groups received real rTMS over the DLPFC (20 and 1 Hz, respectively) while the third group received sham stimulation. All patients received one session daily for five consecutive days. In each session, rTMS was applied first over the right DLPFC, immediately followed by rTMS over the left DLPFC. Mini Mental State Examination (MMSE), Instrumental Daily Living Activity (IADL) scale and the Geriatric Depression Scale (GDS) were assessed before, after the last (fifth) session, and then followed up at 1 and 3 months. Neurophysiological evaluations included resting and active motor threshold (rMT and aMT), and the duration of transcallosal inhibition (TI) before and after the end of the treatment sessions. At base line assessment there were no significant differences between groups in any of the rating scales. The high frequency rTMS group improved significantly more than the low frequency and sham groups in all rating scales (MMSE, IADL, and GDS) and at all time points after treatment. Measures of cortical excitability immediately after the last treatment session showed that treatment with 20 Hz rTMS reduced TI duration. These results confirm that five daily sessions of high frequency rTMS over the left and then the right DLPFC improves cognitive function in patients with mild to moderate degree of AD. This improvement was maintained for 3 months. High frequency rTMS may be a useful addition to therapy for the treatment of AD. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Somatic treatments for mood disorders$$$ Somatic treatments for mood disorders represent a class of interventions available either as a stand-alone option, or in combination with psychopharmacology and/or psychotherapy. Here, we review the currently available techniques, including those already in clinical use and those still under research. Techniques are grouped into the following categories: (1) seizure therapies, including electroconvulsive therapy and magnetic seizure therapy, (2) noninvasive techniques, including repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, transcranial direct current stimulation, and cranial electric stimulation, (3) surgical approaches, including vagus nerve stimulation, epidural electrical stimulation, and deep brain stimulation, and (4) technologies on the horizon. Additionally, we discuss novel approaches to the optimization of each treatment, and new techniques that are under active investigation. © 2012 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved.
Effect of etomidate versus thiopental on major depressive disorder in electroconvulsive therapy, a randomized double-blind controlled clinical trial$$$ BACKGROUND: Although the therapeutic effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on major depressive disorder is widely investigated, there is a gap in literature regarding the possible effects of the medications used for induction of anesthesia in ECT. To the best of the authors' knowledge, this study is the first randomized double-blind clinical trial comparing the effect of etomidate and sodium thiopental on the depression symptoms in patients who have received ECT. METHODS: The participants of this study are 60 adult patients with major depressive disorder who were referred for ECT. They were randomly allocated into 1 of the 2 groups. One group received etomidate, and the other group received sodium thiopental, as medication for induction of anesthesia. All the patients received bilateral ECT. The outcomes measures included the Beck Depression Inventory score, seizure duration, and recovery duration after induction of anesthesia. RESULTS: The sex ratio and mean age were not different between the 2 groups. Linear regression analysis showed that etomidate decreased the depression score more than did sodium thiopental. Seizure duration in all of the sessions in the etomidate group was significantly higher than that of sodium thiopental group. CONCLUSIONS: In conclusion, etomidate may improve major depressive disorder more than sodium thiopental in patients who are receiving ECT. Copyright © 2012 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The sustained mood-stabilizing effect of memantine in the management of treatment resistant bipolar disorders: Findings from a 12-month naturalistic trial$$$ Background: We have recently provided preliminary clinical observations indicating that memantine, as augmenting agent, was associated with a meaningful antimanic and mood-stabilizing effect in treatment-resistant bipolar disorders. To further investigate the therapeutic and prophylactic action of the drug we administered memantine, as augmenting agent, to 40 treatment-resistant bipolar disorder patients, monitored and evaluated for 12 months. Methods: The sample population encompassed 40 treatment-resistant bipolar disorder patients monitored for 12 months. Memantine, at the dose of 10-30 mg/day, was added to the ongoing treatment, which was left unmodified. The severity of the patients' condition before memantine and the changes after memantine addition were evaluated on the Clinical Global Impression Bipolar (CGI-BP) Overall Bipolar Illness Scale. The severity of patients' condition was scored before memantine and the change was evaluated after memantine addition at 6 and 12 months. Limitations: The present study has the limitations of an open clinical study and the observed effects require testing in a blinded, randomized, controlled trial which is planned. Results: The average CGI-BP score of the patients was 6.7 (SD = 0.58, range: 5-7) before the addition of memantine. After 6 months of memantine treatment, 72.5% of patients were very much or much improved. Among the rapid cyclers 68.4% of patients reached stability, defined by the absence of recurrences. Patients very much or much improved were 72.5% at 12 months; while 12.5% discontinued memantine or were lost to follow-up. Conclusions: The results confirm our previous observations and strongly suggest that memantine, as augmenting agent, was associated with a clinically substantial antimanic and sustained mood-stabilizing effect, with excellent safety and tolerability profile. © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
Mood-stabilizing drugs: Mechanisms of action$$$ Mood-stabilizing drugs are the most widely prescribed pharmacological treatments for bipolar disorder, a disease characterized by recurrent episodes of mania and depression. Despite extensive clinical utilization, significant questions concerning their mechanisms of action remain. In recent years, a diverse set of molecular and cellular targets of these drugs has been identified. Based on these findings, downstream effects on neural and synaptic plasticity within key circuits have been proposed. Here, we discuss recent data, identify current challenges impeding progress and define areas for future investigation. Further understanding of the primary targets and downstream levels of convergence of mood-stabilizing drugs will guide development of novel therapeutic strategies and help translate discoveries into more effective treatments with less burdensome adverse-effect profiles. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Non-opioid IV adjuvants in the perioperative period: Pharmacological and clinical aspects of ketamine and gabapentinoids$$$ Untreated acute postoperative pain can transform into chronic pain that may have major negative effects on the individual's quality of life. It can also prolong recovery, rehabilitation and length of hospital stay, thus affecting societal economic burden. Given the multiplicity of mechanisms involved in postoperative pain, a multimodal analgesia regimen, using a combination of opioids and multiple agents aiming to augment their effects via different routes of administration, is a pharmacologically appropriate approach. This polypharmacological application provides superior pain relief at rest and after movement, reduced opioid consumption associated with reduced analgesic-related adverse effects, and better chances to prevent the induction of later hyperalgesia. The most important adjuncts currently employed are ketamine and gabapentinoids. They have been shown to help in reaching the desired effect when administered at drug-specific modes and at proven effective dosing throughout the perioperative period. © 2012 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Depression and dementia$$$ Depression in people with dementia is a common presentation in primary care, but it is often missed or mismanaged.
Pharmacological treatment approaches to difficult-to-treat depression$$$ In the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression (STAR*D) trial of almost 3000 patients with depression in the United States, 50% responded to the initial trial of a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressant, but only a third achieved remission (nil or minimal depressive symptoms). The final remission rate, even after four potential treatment steps, was only 70%.
Low frequency repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation improves motor performance in patients with Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using the new H-coil, allowing stimulation of deeper neuronal pathways, can cause short terrm modest improvement of some motor measures in PD. Objectives: To test the safety and efficacy of the H-coil as a treatment for PD. Methods: 20 PD patients with asymmetric involvement were randomized to one of two treatment protocols: 1. Low frequency (1 Hz) stimulation over the motor cortex along with high frequency stimulation (10 Hz) over the prefrontal cortex. 2. Low frequency stimulation over the motor cortex alone. Patients had 12 treatments in 30 days period. Outcome measures, collected on days 1, 10, 30 and 60 included: Unified PD rating scale (UPDRS), Clinical Global Impression of severity and change scales (CGIS and CGIC), pegboard test, foot and finger tapping tests, timed Up&Go test (TUG), as well as measures of depression and neuropsychological functioning. Results: Patients who received dual stimulation had significant improvement on day 30 in several motor scores including the motor UPDRS (5.66±5.72, p = 0.004), motor UPDRS (2.33±2.49, p = 0.015), and foot tapping of the afflicted side (7.84±10.26, p = 0.034), and pegboard test (7.68±5.62, p = 0.007). The stimulation beneficial effect was still significant for some measures at day 60. Patients who received stimulation only over the motor cortex had a lower but significant improvement only on day 30. In both groups rTMS did not affect depression or cognitive measures and was well tolerated. Conclusions: In this open study, rTMS proved as a safe and effective treatment, causing significant improvement of motor functions in PD patients.
Self harm in adolescence, is MBT the answer?: An RCT$$$ Background: Self harm (SH) in young people is common in the UK and across Europe. Amongst adolescents in the States, suicide is the greatest cause of death and the second greatest cause of death in the rest of the developed world. Adult outcomes of young people who harmed themselves demonstrated that over 30% of their sample harmed themselves repeatedly into adulthood. Depression both in adolescence and in adulthood also almost always accompany the suicidal attempt and some studies suggested that the pathway to repeat attempts is through depression and hopelessness creating suicidal ideation which is linked with suicidal action. Only 12 research studies have explored treatment interventions for self harming young people and of the 12, only one study (MST treatment) showed superiority over treatment as usual. Aims: This study is an RCT comparing Mentalization Based Treatment (MBT) against Treatment as Usual (TAU) in young people presenting with SH. Secondly, this study tried to explore the mediating factors leading to SH by comparing the self harm group against 2 control groups (one clinical non-self harming and one non-clinical group). Method: 80 Young people (age 12 - 17 years) with SH behaviour has been recruited and randomly allocated to MBT or TAU. At the outset the SH group was also compared against 2 control groups (school group and a clinically non-self harming group). All the young people were tested by research assistants who were blind to their grouping. The tests were self reports and an interview and explored personality profile, borderline features, mood, suicidality, self harm and risk taking as well as mentalisation and cognitive functioning. Results: Both groups improved on all outcome measures, but the MBT group showed superiority over the TAU group in terms of risk, self harm, mood, borderline features, dissociation and mentalization.
Effectiveness of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation in patients with chronic low back pain: Design, method and protocol for a randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Electrical stimulation of central nervous system areas with surgically implanted stimulators has been shown to result in pain relief. To avoid the risks and side effects of surgery, transcranial direct current stimulation is an option to electrically stimulate the motor cortex through the skull. Previous research has shown that transcranial direct current stimulation relieves pain in patients with fibromyalgia, chronic neuropathic pain and chronic pelvic pain. Evidence indicates that the method is pain free, safe and inexpensive. Methods: A randomised controlled trial has been designed to evaluate the effect of transcranial direct current stimulation over the motor cortex for pain reduction in patients with chronic low back pain. It will also investigate whether transcranial direct current stimulation as a prior treatment enhances the symptom reduction achieved by a cognitive-behavioural group intervention. Participants will be randomised to receive a series of 5 days of transcranial direct current stimulation (2mA, 20 mins) or 20 mins of sham stimulation; followed by a cognitive-behavioural group programme. The primary outcome parameters will measure pain (Visual Analog Scale) and disability (Oswestry Disability Index). Secondary outcome parameters will include the Fear Avoidance Beliefs Questionnaire, the Funktionsfragebogen Hannover (perceived function), Hospital Anxiety Depression Scale, bothersomeness and Health Related Quality of Life (SF 36), as well as Patient-Perceived Satisfactory Improvement. Assessments will take place immediately prior to the first application of transcranial direct current stimulation or sham, after 5 consecutive days of stimulation, immediately after the cognitive-behavioural group programme and at 4 weeks, 12 weeks and 24 weeks follow-up. Discussion: This trial will help to determine, whether transcranial direct current stimulation is an effective treatment for patients with chronic low back pain and whether it can further enhance the effects of a cognitive behavioural pain management programme. Trial registration: Current Controlled Trials ISRCTN89874874.
Theta-patterned, frequency-modulated priming stimulation enhances low-frequency, right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in depression: A randomized, sham-controlled study$$$ Efficacy of repetitive, transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been found in depression; however, doubt still remains about its effectiveness in clinical practice. In this context, results are being explored. The authors, describing new techniques to improve response rates to rTMS treatment, compared the efficacy of adjuvant, frequency-modulated, active-priming rTMS with sham-priming stimulation in the theta range in patients with moderate-to-severe depression receiving low-frequency rTMS. Forty patients with moderate-to-severe depression (ICD-10 DCR) were alternately assigned to receive addon, active-priming rTMS (4-8 Hz; 400 pulses, at 90% of motor threshold [MT]) or sham-priming stimulation followed by low-frequency rTMS (1-Hz; 900 pulses at 110% of MT) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. They were rated with the Structured Interview Guide for the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (SIGH-D), the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), and the Clinical Global Impression-Severity of Illness (CGI-S) scale at baseline, after the 5th and 10th rTMS, and 2 weeks post-rTMS. For SIGH-D scores, there was significant improvement in the active group over time. Stepwise linear-regression analysis showed that age at onset significantly predicted SIGH-D scores after the 5th rTMS session in the active-priming group. Pre-stimula-tion with frequency-modulated priming stimulation in the theta range has greater antidepressant effect than low-frequency stimulation alone. © 2011 American Psychiatric Association.
Consider augmentation or switching strategies when first-line antidepressants are unsuccessful in major depressive disorder$$$ When treating major depressive disorder that has not responded to an adequate trial of a first-line antidepressant, the current evidence most strongly supports switching to another first-line antidepressant or augmentation with the atypical antipsychotics aripiprazole or quetiapine. Lithium and liothyronine (triiodothyronine) may be used to augment tricyclic antidepressants, but further studies of their use to augment newer antidepressants are needed. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Comparison of antidepressant effects between brief and ultrabrief pulse unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: Brief report of a randomized double-blind trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatments with briefer pulse widths have recently shown promise. METHODS: Consenting patients with major depression were randomized in a double-blind protocol into 1-millisecond brief pulse (n = 10) or 0.3-millisecond ultrabrief pulse (n = 12) right unilateral at thrice-weekly, 6 times the threshold dose treatments at identical charge rates. RESULTS: After 8 treatments, the change from baseline in Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Scale was mean = 22.1 (SE, 4.8) for brief pulse and mean = 24.9 (SE, 4.2) for ultrabrief pulse ECT. The mean difference was 2.8 (95% confidence interval =-10.5 to 16.1; P = 0.7). CONCLUSIONS: Although inconclusive because of small sample size (type II error), ultrashort pulse widths appear to be as effective as standard pulse ECT. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams &Wilkins.
Therapeutic interventions for vascular depression: A systematic review$$$ Objective: Vascular depression (VaD) hypothesis supports a bidirectional relationship between cerebrovascular risk factors (CRFs) and depression. We examined whether such concept is appropriate for clinical interventions; i.e., whether treating depressive symptoms has an impact on cerebrovascular risk and vice-versa. Method: Systematic review on interventional studies published from October-1997 to April-2010 on MEDLINE and other databases. Search terms were "depressive disorder" (MeSH), "cerebrovascular disorders" (MeSH), and a batch of highly accurate terms to search for experimental and quasi-experimental trials. We used a structured questionnaire to assess the adequacy of the VaD criteria used for vascular, depression, neuroimaging, and neuropsychological features, as well as the main results of each study. Results: Of the 357 retrieved studies, 12 met our eligibility criteria. These studies adequately reported depression criterion, moderately reported neuroimaging and neuropsychological criteria, and showed severe flaws in vascular assessment. Efficacy trials suggested that nimodipine, transcranial magnetic stimulation, carotid stent placement, and citalopram were effective for VaD. Exploratory studies suggested that white-matter hyperintensities and global vascular risk are predictors of poor response. Although the low quality of the studies hinders the findings' generalization, studies of higher validity support the VaD concept for interventions. Conclusion: VaD seems to be a useful concept for clinical interventions; however, further trials should refine CRFs criteria to assess its impact on antidepressant efficacy. © 2011 Elsevier Editora Ltda. All rights reserved.
Sleep and circadian dysregulation in depressive illness. Pharmacological implications$$$ Circadian rhythm abnormalities, as shown by sleep/wake cycle disturbances, constitute one the most prevalent signs of depressive illness, advances or delays in the circadian phase, or changes in rhythms' amplitude, being documented in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), seasonal affective disorder or bipolar disorder. The disturbances in the amplitude and rhythm of melatonin secretion that occur in patients with depression resemble those seen in subjects with chronobiological disorders, thus suggesting that a link between chronobiological disturbances and depressed mood exists. Studies testing variants of genes that control the circadian system have reported circadian gene polymorphisms in depressive illness. Although many antidepressants such as the tricyclics, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors, several serotonin receptor antagonists and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) have all been found successful in treating depression, their use is often associated with a disruptive effect on the sleep/wake cycle. SSRIs, currently the most widely prescribed of the antidepressants, are well known for their exacerbation of insomnia. The recently introduced melatonin agonist and selective serotonin antagonist antidepressant, agomelatine, which has melatonin MTj and MTp receptor agonist and S-HT2c antagonist properties, has been useful in treating patients with MDD. Its rapid onset of action and effectiveness in improving the mood of depressed patients has been attributed to its ability to improve sleep/wake cycle quality. Thus, current conceptualization of depressive illness needs to be expanded to include the role of circadian dysregulation in the development of the disease. © 2011 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l.
Oral controlled delivery mechanisms and technologies$$$ This chapter reviews release mechanisms and corresponding technologies used to control drug release from oral dosage forms. Products utilizing such approaches range from simple matrix systems to those employing more complex osmotic delivery technologies. Technologies including Oros™, gastroretentive devices, TIMERx™, Contramid™, Geomatrix™, and SODAS™ are discussed. These approaches are generally utilized to provide once-daily administration but some can also be used for differential release of more than one drug from the same dosage form or timed release of drug to align with time of clinical need. © Controlled Release Society 2011.
Electroconvulsive therapy and melancholia: Review of the literature and suggestions for further study$$$ It has long been lore in the electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) field that melancholic depression is particularly responsive to ECT, whereas nonmelancholic depressions are less so. Early large case series in the 1940s and 1950s, while using now outdated diagnostic nosologies, did provide some hints to the particular efficacy of what later on would be considered melancholic or endogenous depression. The first systematic studies of this subject in the 1950s and 1960s seemed to confirm the superior response of endogenous depression to ECT. However, with the advent of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Third Edition, and the first criterion set specifically labeled "melancholia," most modern series of studies have failed to find an association of melancholic symptoms with ECT response. Several problems both with the definition of melancholia and the modern methods of diagnosis and outcome assessment are hypothesized to be at the root of the negative findings of modern studies. Suggestions for future ECT/melancholia studies are offered. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams &Wilkins.
Baseline brain metabolism in resistant depression and response to transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Neuroimaging studies of patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) have reported abnormalities in the frontal and temporal regions. We sought to determine whether metabolism in these regions might be related to response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in patients with TRD. Magnetic resonance images and baseline resting-state cerebral glucose uptake index (gluMI) obtained using 18 F-fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography were analyzed in TRD patients who had participated in a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial of prefrontal 10 Hz TMS. Among the patients randomized to active TMS, 17 responders, defined as having 50% depression score decrease, and 14 nonresponders were investigated for prestimulation glucose metabolism and compared with 39 healthy subjects using a voxel-based analysis. In nonresponders relative to responders, gluMI was lower in left lateral orbitofrontal cortex (OFC), and higher in left amygdala and uncinate fasciculus. OFC and amygdala gluMI negatively correlated in nonresponders, positively correlated in responders, and did not correlate in healthy subjects. Relative to healthy subjects, both responders and nonresponders displayed lower gluMI in right dorsolateral prefrontal (DLPFC), right anterior cingulate (ACC), and left ventrolateral prefrontal cortices. Additionally, nonresponders had lower gluMI in left DLPFC, ACC, left and right insula, and higher gluMI in left amygdala and uncus. Hypometabolisms were partly explained by gray matter reductions, whereas hypermetabolisms were unrelated to structural changes. The findings suggest that different patterns of frontal-temporal-limbic abnormalities may distinguish responders and nonresponders to prefrontal magnetic stimulation. Both preserved OFC volume and amygdala metabolism might precondition response to TMS. © 2011 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved.
When She says "No" to medication: Psychotherapy for antepartum depression$$$ Many women suffering from major depressive disorder during pregnancy are hesitant to initiate or continue antidepressant treatment during preconception planning, conception, pregnancy, and lactation (perinatal period). Over the past few decades, various psychotherapeutic approaches have been found to be efficacious for depression in general population research. Several observational and quasi-experimental studies also suggest that psychotherapy can be a safe first-line treatment for perinatal women with mild to moderate depression. This article summarizes findings to date regarding the use of psychotherapy for depression occurring during pregnancy and describes the adaptations made to tailor the treatment to the unique needs of women in the perinatal period. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.
Treatment of pediatric status epilepticus$$$ Opinion statement: Status epilepticus is characterized by a prolonged, self-sustaining seizure or repeated seizures without return to baseline. The clinical manifestations of status epilepticus in children and adults range from overt generalized convulsions to more subtle behavioral manifestations, including unresponsiveness in the setting of the intensive care unit. Status epilepticus is the most common neurologic emergency of childhood. A large proportion of these episodes are the result of a prolonged febrile seizure or an acute symptomatic etiology. Fortunately, status epilepticus occurs without consequence for many children, but for others, it is correlated with long-term neurologic dysfunction or death. Treatment of status epilepticus should commence promptly upon its recognition, using predefined treatment protocols. The goal of treatment is the rapid termination of the seizure, to minimize the acute and chronic effects of this emergency and to allow for the prompt assessment and management of the underlying precipitant. Currently, the drug class of first choice in the in-hospital and out-of-hospital treatment of status epilepticus is the benzodiazepines, which may need to be quickly followed by a next-line agent, as the efficacy of the benzodiazepines is negatively correlated with seizure duration. Traditionally, these next-line agents have included phenobarbital and phenytoin, but emerging evidence supports the use of intravenous formulations of other antiepileptic drugs. If the first two agents fail, high-dose intravenous midazolam or anesthetic therapy should be rapidly initiated. This paper reviews the current treatment options and strategies for pediatric patients with status epilepticus. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Bipolar depression: An evidence-based approach$$$ Bipolar disorder is a complex, multidimensional illness that is often difficult to treat. Unfortunately, bipolar patients are much more likely to experience depression, which is all too often severe and a potentially lethal phase of the illness. In addition, pharmacotherapies with strong evidence for bipolar depression are limited. Most treatments are based on unsupported extrapolation from the treatment of unipolar depression or are derived largely from the clinical practice experience. In this article, we focus on the treatment of bipolar depression, with particular focus on evidence from the existing literature, to help guide readers in clinical practice. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of major depressive disorder, a randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ INTRODUCTION: Studies comparing the antidepressant effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have reported mixed results. This study compared the efficacy of rTMS and ECT in adult patients with refractory major depressive disorder (MDD). METHODS: This randomized, ECT-controlled, parallel-group clinical trial analyzed the antidepressant effects of ECT and rTMS in 73 patients with MDD diagnosed according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition criteria. The Beck Depression Inventory and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale were used to measure depression. RESULTS: Both ECT and rTMS significantly improved depression and suicidal behavior scores. However, ECT reduced depression and suicidal behavior scores more than rTMS. There were no significant adverse effects in the rTMS group. DISCUSSION: Both ECT and rTMS improved MDD in the short term, but the antidepressant efficacy of ECT was greater than rTMS. Moreover, ECT led to greater reductions in suicidal behavior than rTMS. Until strong evidence for the safety and efficacy of rTMS is available, further studies are needed to compare ECT and rTMS in terms of the long-term relapse rate and quality of life. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams &Wilkins.
Homeostatic modulation of stimulation-dependent plasticity in human motor cortex.$$$ Since recently, it is possible, using noninvasive cortical stimulation, such as the protocol of paired associative stimulation (PAS), to induce the plastic changes in the motor cortex, in humans that mimic Hebb's model of learning. Application of TMS conjugated with peripheral electrical stimulation at strictly coherent temporal manner lead to convergence of inputs in the sensory-motor cortex, with the consequent synaptic potentiation or weakening, if applied repetitively. However, when optimal interstimulus interval (ISI) for induction of LTP-like effects is applied as a single pair, Motor evoked potential (MEP) amplitude inhibition is observed, the paradigm known as short-latency afferent inhibition (SLAI). Aiming to resolve this paradox, PAS protocols were applied, with 200 repetitions of TMS pulses paired with median nerve electrical stimulation, at ISI equal to individual latencies of evoked response of somatosensory cortex (N(20)) (PAS(LTP)), and at ISI of N(20) shortened for 5 msec (PAS(LTD)) - protocols that mimic LTP-like changes in the human motor cortex. MEP amplitudes before, during and after interventions were measured as an indicator based on output signals originating from the motor system. Post-intervention MEP amplitudes following the TMS protocols of PAS(LTP) and PAS(LTD) were facilitated and depressed, respectively, contrary to MEP amplitudes during intervention. During PAS(LTP) MEP amplitudes were significantly decreased in case of PAS(LTP), while in the case of PAS(LTD) an upward trend was observed. In conclusions, a possible explanation for the seemingly paradoxical effect of PAS can be found in the mechanism of homeostatic modulation of plasticity. Those findings indicate the existence of complex relationships in the development of plasticity induced by stimulation, depending on the level of the previous motor cortex excitability.
[Evidence of treatment for depressive episodes of bipolar disorder].$$$ In recent years, many papers on the treatment of the depressive phase of bipolar disorder (bipolar depression), especially bipolar I disorder, with high-level evidence, have been reported. The results of meta-analyses have also been reported for some medications. In the pharmacotherapy for bipolar depression, quetiapine (300 mg/day), lithium (more than 0.8 mEq/L), olanzapine (5-20 mg/day) and lamotrigine (200 mg/day) are effective, with high-level evidence. The combination of lithium and lamotrigine is also effective for bipolar depression. There is no evidence for effectiveness of the combination of mood stabilizers and antidepressants for bipolar depression. This paper presents the evidence data of quetiapine, lithium, olanzapine, lamotrigine, carbamazepine, valproate, aripiprazole, antidepressants, a combination of medications, and electroconvulsive therapy for bipolar depression, based on large-size randomized controlled studies and meta-analyses. The first-line medications for bipolar depression in the practice guidelines published for the last three years are also included.
The 2-year course of cognitive function and IADLs in older adults with bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Bipolar Disorder (BD) is a leading cause of disability worldwide. The disability associated with BD exceeds that of major depressive disorder and approaches that of schizophrenia, with which it shares a similar prevalence in the U.S. population. An important contributor to disability in BD is cognitive impairment. The purpose of this analysis is to characterize the trajectory of cognitive function in a sample of older individuals with BD. An examination of distinct cognitive domains may help both clarify areas of pathology and potential types of interventions. Based on our prior reports, preliminary data, and the existing literature, our main hypothesis was that, compared with a group of mentally healthy individuals of similar age and education, older adults with BD would exhibit greater cognitive decline over two years in the domains of information processing speed and executive function, but not in other domains. Related to our interest in disability, we also explored the relationship between cognitive function and instrumental activities of daily living (IADLs) over time. Methods: Study subjects: Individuals with BD I or II (n=47) were recruited from outpatient clinics or treatment studies carried out at the University of Pittsburgh. Comparator subjects (“controls”) were 22 age- and education-equated subjects with no psychiatric or neurologic history. Comparison subjects were selected to make the groups similar in age, education, and cardiovascular burden. All participants provided written informed-consent, approved by the Institutional Review Board at the University of Pittsburgh. Inclusion criteria were: age 50 years or older; clinical euthymia for four weeks preceding neuropsychological (NP) assessment with scores of 10 or less on the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression-17 item (Ham-D) and 10 or less on the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) at the time of assessment; ability to comprehend and speak English fluently; and corrected visual ability to read newspaper headlines and hearing capacity adequate to respond to a raised conversational voice. Exclusion criteria were: pre-existing history of dementia or neurologic disorder affecting the central nervous system (for example, Parkinson's disease, traumatic brain injury, or multiple sclerosis); electroconvulsive therapy within the past six months; and substance abuse or dependence within the past twelve months. Measures: We employed a broad-based assessment of cognitive function and IADLs. The NP Evaluation encompassed 21 wellestablished and validated individual tests measuring multiple cognitive domain organized into a global score and four distinct cognitive domains: Delayed Memory; Information Processing Speed/Executive Function; Language; and Visuomotor. We assessed IADLs using a criterion-referenced, performance-based instrument, the Performance Assessment of Self-Care Skills (PASS). IADLs scores ranged from 0 (complete independence) to 9 (complete dependence) such that higher scores indicated worse performance. Medical illness burden was measured with the Cumulative Illness Ratings Scale-geriatric (CIRS-G). A cardiovascular subscale was composed of CIRS-G items #1 (heart) and #2 (vascular). Statistical Analysis: We employed a repeated-measures mixed-effects linear model with subject as a random effect and time as random and linear, rendering random slope, and included age and education as covariates. We employed non-parametric tests for analysis of IADLs. Results: As a group, BD participants displayed worse cognitive function than mentally healthy comparators at baseline and over follow-up in all domains and globally (F=23.41, p<.001). BD participants displayed worse IADL performance at baseline and over follow-up (Wilcoxon rank-sum exact test p=0.02). Among the BD participants, baseline IADLs were correlated with global cognitive function (n=47, rs=-0.45, p=.0015). Discussion: Over two years of repeated cognitive assessment, we find that older adults with BD perform worse than mentally healthy comparators of similar age, education, and cardiovascular burden. Individuals who start at a lower level of cognitive performance will cross the threshold for expression of clinically significant cognitive impairment and dementia sooner than individuals with greater cognitive reserve. Our report further suggests the need for individuals with BD to focus on preventive measures that may help with preservation of cognitive function, focusing on healthy lifestyle behaviors and addressing treatable medical illnesses, such as hypertension, hypercholesterolemia, and overweight/obesity.
Relapse rates in psychotic depression are lower than in non-psychotic depression after a successful course of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT)$$$ Background: The treatment of patients with psychotic depression presents different challenges than that of patients with nonpsychotic depression. We have previously reported differential response rates to an acute course of Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) in psychotic vs. non-psychotic depression. Patients with psychotic depression respond in higher rates and more rapidly than those with non-psychotic depression. In this report, we compare relapse rates of psychotically and non-psychotically depressed patients who responded to an acute course of ECT and were treated with either a fixed course of continuation ECT (C-ECT) or continuation pharmacotherapy (C-PHARM) for six months. Methods: In an NIMH-funded, multicenter, randomized study conducted by the Consortium for Research on ECT (CORE) 531 patients were treated with acute ECT. ECT was administered with bilateral (bifrontotemporal) placement at 1.5 times the seizure threshold. Remission was defined as 2 consecutive ratings of the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD-24) of 10 or lower. 201 remitters entered a 6-month continuation phase. During that phase, patients were randomized to receive either a fixed course of 10 C-ECT without medications, or the combination of lithium and nortriptyline. No antipsychotics were used in either study arm. We stratified for psychosis status. Relapse was defined as HRSD higher than 17, or hospitalization. We compared relapse rates between psychotic and non psychotic patients. Results: The intent to treat sample consisted of 184 patients, 66 with psychotic depression and 118 with non-psychotic depression. Demographic characteristics did not differ between the 2 groups. The six month relapse rates were 28.8% (N=19) among the psychotic patients and 44.9% (N=53) among the non-psychotic (p =0.009), while 26.3% did not complete the study or exited prematurely. Among the patients in the C-ECT group, 32.3% of the psychotic patients relapsed, compared to 44.8% of the non-psychotic patients (p=0.159). In the C-PHARM group, the relapse rates were 25.7% and 45% respectively (p=0.22) Among patients with psychotic depression who received C-ECT, 48.4% remained remitted and among those who received the combination of lithium and nortriptyline, 65.7% remained remitted.
What does transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) promise in psychiatric disorders other than depression? Future perspectives$$$ Up to 40% of OCD patients fail to respond satisfactorily to generally adequate treatment options, and 10% cannot be helped at all. Because OCD may be related to increased neural activity in prefrontal subcortical circuits, the inhibitory effect of rTMS was hypothesized to be beneficial in OCD treatment. rTMS has recently demonstrated remote effects, with left prefrontal stimulation inducing changes in cerebral perfusion in the bilateral anterior cingulate and orbitofrontal cortex. In conclusion, in open-label studies, high-frequency rTMS of the right and/or left DLPFC appears to be effective in reducing obsessive-compulsive symptoms. However, this could not be replicated in double-blind, sham-controlled studies. As the efficacy of rTMS is often time limited, the necessity of a second rTMS after several weeks should be investigated and functional MRI studies of rTMS in OCD are needed to clarify the specific stimulation region of rTMS. Otherwise, as the improvement of symptoms is often noted in sham settings, it would be interesting to investigate the neural underpinnings of the placebo effect caused by sham rTMS. Several initial studies on negative symptoms of schizophrenia have suggested that the condition seems to respond to high frequency (20 Hz, 10 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). Low frequency rTMS ( <= 1 Hz) inhibits cortical excitability and leads to a weakening of the transfer at the synapses. Some authors documented the superiority of 10 Hz rTMS using a sham-controlled parallel design (110% of motor threshold, over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex), and found a statistically significant improvement in negative symptoms of schizophrenia patients. Interestingly, in this study, positive symptoms deteriorated from baseline. However, in another recent study with a similar controlled design, some authors failed to find significant improvement. Positive symptoms, as globally assessed by PANSS-P, do not show a statistically significant improvement after rTMS but a marked and significant improvement in severity of auditory hallucinations is obtained. More studies need to be conducted for further investigation of the effects of short term and prolonged application of TMS on negative and positive symptoms in schizophrenia. TMS has also been applied to study motor cortex changes in patients with cognitive disorders such as AD, frontotemporal dementia, and dementia with Lewy bodies. Further investigations with larger sample sizes are needed to identify MCI and AD subjects and separate them from the healthy population, and to identify connectivity changes occurring during the development of AD. Active rTMS with exposure may have symptomatic and physiological effects. Larger studies are needed to confirm and verify whether rTMS plus exposure therapy has a role in the treatment of PTSD. Some authors reported antimanic effects from rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation of the right prefrontal cortex. Further systematic studies are needed. The prefrontal cortex may be a promising TMS target for reducing pain in neuropathic, rheumatologic and post-surgical populations although the mechanisms by which it might work remain unclear. Future studies are needed to determine TMS treatment parameters and cortical targets that can optimize its effects and duration.
Efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation coupled with a multidisciplinary rehabilitation program for the treatment of fibromyalgia$$$ Pain control in fibromyalgia patients is limited no matter the therapeutic regimens used. Recent data have shown that daily sessions of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) over the primary motor cortex (M1) in patients with fibromyalgia (FM) are associated with reduction of pain perception. Objective: We aimed to test whether active tDCS, as compared with sham tDCS, combined with multidisciplinary rehabilitation is associated with significant clinical gains in fibromyalgia. Design: This was a randomized, double-blinded controlled trial. Subjects: 23 patients were randomized to receive weekly sessions of multidisciplinary rehabilitation approach combined with sham or anodal tDCS of M1. Patients were evaluated for pain with VAS and for quality of life with SF-36, fibromyalgia pain questionnaire and health assessment questionnaire by a blinded rater before and after the 4 month period of rehabilitation. Results: Patients tolerated tDCS treatment well, without adverse effects. Patients who received active treatment had a significantly greater reduction of SF-36 pain domain scores (F(2,21)=6.57; p=0.006) and a tendency of higher improvement in Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire (FIQ) scores after (p=0.056) as compared with sham tDCS/standard treatment, but no differences were observed in the other domains. Conclusions: Although active tDCS was associated with superior results in one domain (SF-36 pain domain), the lack of significance in the other domains does not fully support this strategy (weekly tDCS) combined with a multidisciplinary approach. © Riberto et al.
Low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depressive disorder: A systematic review$$$ Objective To systematically review the efficacy of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimu- lation (rTMS) compared with sham therapy for the treatment of major depressive disorder. Methods The Cochrane Library, Medline, EMbase, CBMdisk, CNKI and VIP were searched through computer from 1985 to 2011. The review included RCTs comparing the treatment efficacy of low-frequency rTMS located on right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) with sham stimulation in the patients suffering major depressive disorder. The quality of the included RCTs was strictly evaluated and the data were extracted by two reviewers independently. The extracted data were analyzed by Rev- Man 4.2. Results Among seven double-blinded RCTs involving 234 patients included, 1 was A level in quality, 5 were B level, and 1 was C level according to the outcomes of quality evaluation. The results of Meta-analysis indicated that low frequency rTMS was superior to sham stimulation in remission rates after two weeks' treatment (RR=3.11, 95%CI 1.56 to 6.19). Additionally, low frequency rTMS was lower than the sham stimulation in the scores of HDRS and MADRS (WMD=-6.41, 95%CI -9.32 to -3.50, and WMD= -5.27, 95%CI -9.08 to -1.46, respectively). But no significant difference in re- sponse rates between the low prequency rTMS group and the sham group was found (RR=1.72, 95%CI 0.74 to 4.01). There were no severe and intolerable side effects reported in these seven studies. Conclusion The low frequency rTMS as a non-invasive and safe technique may appear to be effective for the treatment of major depressive disorder according to the positive results but the conclusion is not definite because of negative results. This review suggests that parameters could be sited as frequency: 1 Hz, intensity: 90%-110% motor threshold (MT), location: right DLPFC and duration: 2 weeks. Nevertheless, further multicenter and high quality studies are needed before it is used as a first-line treatment for major depressive disorder. © 2011 Editorial Board of Chin J Evid-based Med.
Can temporal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation Be enhanced by targeting affective components of tinnitus with frontal rTMS? A randomized controlled pilot trial$$$ Objectives: Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the temporal cortex has been investigated as a new treatment tool for chronic tinnitus during the last years and has shown moderate efficacy. However, there is growing evidence that tinnitus is not a pathology of a specific brain region, but rather the result of network dysfunction involving both auditory and non-auditory brain regions. In functional imaging studies the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has been identified as an important hub in tinnitus related networks and has been shown to particularly reflect the affective components of tinnitus. Based on these findings we aimed to investigate whether the effects of left low-frequency rTMS can be enhanced by antecedent right prefrontal low-frequency rTMS. Study Design: Fifty-six patients were randomized to receive either low-frequency lefttem-poral rTMS or a combination of low-frequency right prefrontal followed by low-frequency left temporal rTMS. The change of the tinnitus questionnaire (TQ) score was the primary outcome, secondary outcome parameters included the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory, numeric rating scales, and the Beck Depression Inventory.The study is registered in clinicaltrials.gov (NCT01261949). Results: Directly after therapy there was a significant improvement of the TQ-score in both groups. Comparison of both groups revealed a trend toward more pronounced effects for the combined group (effect size: Cohen's d = 0.176), but this effect did not reach significance. A persistent trend toward better efficacy was also observed in all other outcome criteria. Conclusion: Additional stimulation of the right prefrontal cortex seems to be a promising strategy for enhancing TMS effects over the temporal cortex. These results further support the involvement of the right DLPFC in the pathophysiology of tinnitus. The small effect size might be due to the study design comparing the protocol to an active control condition. © 2011 Kreuzer, Landgrebe, Schecklmann, Poeppl, Vielsmeier, Hajak, Kleinjung and Langguth.
Placebo effect after prefrontal magnetic stimulation in the treatment of resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Many patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) do not achieve satisfactory symptom improvement with conventional treatments. Here, we evaluate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (rDLPFC) in patients with treatment-resistant OCD. This was a double-blind randomized trial involving 30 treatment-resistant OCD outpatients, allocated to have either sham or active high-frequency rTMS (over the rDLPFC) added to their treatment regimens for 6 wk, with 6 wk of follow-up. Active rTMS consisted of 30 applications (figure-of-eight coil; 10 Hz at 110% of motor threshold; 1 session/d; 40 trains/session; 5 s/train; 25-s intertrain interval). At weeks 0, 2, 6, 8, and 12, we applied the Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale (YBOCS), Clinical Global Impression (CGI) scale, 14-item Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale (HAMA-14), 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17), and 36-item Short-form Health Survey. The primary outcome measure was a positive response (30% improvement in YBOCS score, together with a 'much improved' or 'very much improved' CGI - Improvement scale rating). One patient in each group showed a positive response (p=1.00). For YBOCS score, there was significant effect of time (F=7.33, p=0.002) but no significant group effect or group - time interaction. In treatment-resistant OCD, active rTMS over the rDLPFC does not appear to be superior to sham rTMS in relieving obsessive-compulsive symptoms, reducing clinical severity, or improving treatment response, although there is evidence of a placebo effect. © CINP 2011.
Ten sessions of adjunctive left prefrontal rTMS significantly reduces fibromyalgia pain: A randomized, controlled pilot study$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the prefrontal cortex can cause changes in acute pain perception. Several weeks of daily left prefrontal TMS has been shown to treat depression. We recruited 20 patients with fibromyalgia, defined by American College of Rheumatology criteria, and randomized them to receive 4000 pulses at 10 Hz TMS (n = 10), or sham TMS (n = 10) treatment for 10 sessions over 2 weeks along with their standard medications, which were fixed and stable for at least 4 weeks before starting sessions. Subjects recorded daily pain, mood, and activity. Blinded raters assessed pain, mood, functional status, and tender points weekly with the Brief Pain Inventory, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, and Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire. No statistically significant differences between groups were observed. Patients who received active TMS had a mean 29% (statistically significant) reduction in pain symptoms in comparison to their baseline pain. Sham TMS participants had a 4% nonsignificant change in daily pain from their baseline pain. At 2 weeks after treatment, there was a significant improvement in depression symptoms in the active group compared to baseline. Pain reduction preceded antidepressant effects. TMS was well tolerated, with few side effects. Further studies that address study limitations are needed to determine whether daily prefrontal TMS may be an effective, durable, and clinically useful treatment for fibromyalgia symptoms. © 2011 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Improving the antidepressant efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation: Maximizing the number of stimulations and treatment location in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Objective: To assess the efficacy of increasing the number of fast left repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulations (rTMS) (10 Hz @ 120% of motor threshold (MT) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC)) needed to achieve remission in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). And, to determine if patients who do not remit to fast left will remit using slow right rTMS (1 Hz @ 120% MT over the right DLPFC). Method: Patients were part of a multicenter sham-controlled trial investigating the efficacy of fast left rTMS. Patients who failed to meet minimal response criteria in the sham-controlled study could enroll in this open fast left rTMS study for an additional 3-6 weeks. Patients who failed to remit to fast left could switch to slow right rTMS for up to 4 additional weeks. The final outcome measure was remission, defined as a HAM-D score of <3 or 2 consecutive HAM-D scores less than 10. Results: Forty-three of 141 (30.5%) patients who enrolled in the open phase study eventually met criteria for remission. Patients who remitted during fast left treatment received a mean of 26 active treatments (90,000 pulses). Twenty-six percent of patients who failed fast left remitted during slow right treatment. Conclusion: The total number of rTMS stimulations needed to achieve remission in TRD may be higher than is used in most studies. TRD patients who do not respond to fast left rTMS may remit to slow right rTMS or additional rTMS stimulations. Depression and Anxiety, 2011. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. © 2011 Wiley Periodicals, Inc.
A Randomised controlled study of ultra-brief electroconvulsive therapy at eight times seizure threshold$$$ Background : ECT remains the most effective treatment for psychotic, melancholic and treatment resistant depression. Many patients experience distressing cognitive and memory side effects and there is a critical need to develop modes of application that improve tolerability while preserving its high efficacy. A novel approach in ECT delivery is to reduce the pulse width of the electrical stimulus, “ ultrabrief pulse width ” ECT at six times seizure threshold. This approach has been shown to reduce cognitive side effects and in the initial study efficacy was preserved [1] . Subsequent research suggests that a course of ECT using ultrabrief may be prolonged and remission rates are reduced [2] . Aim : The aim of this study was to investigate ultrabrief pulse width right unilateral ECT at a higher seizure threshold ie 8 times seizure threshold and to compare efficacy and cognitive side effects to standard brief pulse ECT. Methods : This was a 2 arm clinical trial of a head to head comparison of ultrabrief pulse width right unilateral ECT to standard “ brief ” pulse width ECT in a randomized, double-blind, trial. All patients received a detailed evaluation of mood and cognitive outcomes. Results : 92 patients have been randomised to right unilateral ultra-brief pulsewidth ECT versus standard pulsewidth ECT. Preliminary evaluation of results indicates that ultrabrief ECT was as effective as standard brief pulseECT whilst cognitive outcomes were significantly better. A detailed data analysis will be presented. Conclusions : Ultrabrief pulse width right unilateral ECT at 8 times seizure threshold is a safe and effective treatment with excellent cognitive outcomes.
The usefulness of qeeg and ERPS in predicting treatment outcome in ADHD and depression$$$ The application of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depressive disorder has been investigated intensively over the last years with several meta-analyses demonstrating that compared to placebo fast rTMS (>5Hz) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC; Schutter, 2009) and slow rTMS (>1Hz) over the right DLPFC (Schutter, 2010) both exert mood enhancing effects. Similarly another neuromodulation technique, the application of neurofeedback in the treatment of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), has also been well investigated, and a recent meta-analysis concluded that neurofeedback has demonstrated a large effect size (ES) on impulsivity and inattention in the treatment of ADHD (Arns, de Ridder, Strehl, Breteler, & Coenen, 2009). This presentation will focus on how these treatments can be improved in clinical practice using quantitative electroencephalography (QEEG) and event-related potential (ERP) data, and to what degree treatment outcome can be predicted. Depression Study Ninety patients with a primary diagnosis of depression or dysthymia were included in this study. All subjects underwent neurophysiological testing before treatment (eyes-open and eyes-closed EEG, oddball ERP) and in addition several rating scales were assessed. The Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) was used to assess response to treatment. Thirty-three patients received slow rTMS over the right DLPFC (1 Hz) and 57 patients received fast rTMS over the left DLPFC (10 Hz). On average there was a 77.2% decrease in depressive symptoms after an average 20.56 sessions (BDI). There was no significant difference for response rates between fast rTMS (76.8%) and slow rTMS (81.8%). Based on the literature, several EEG and ERP predictors of treatment response in major depressive disorder were investigated, and preliminary analysis demonstrates that nonresponders were characterized by (a) a slow frontal alpha peak frequency (p=.010) in agreement with Arns, Spronk, and Fitzgerald (2010); (b) parietal excess Delta (p=.015) in agreement with Knott (2000) and Knott, Telner, Lapierre, Browne, and Horn (1996); and (c) an increased P300 amplitude (p=.031), which was opposite to Bruder et al. (2001) but may suggest a subgroup characterized by increased anxiety complaints (Bruder et al., 2002). ADHD Study Twenty-one patients with a primary diagnosis of ADHD were included in this study. Diagnosis was confirmed using the Mini International Neuropsychiatric Interview. At intake, every 10th session and outtake an ADHD rating scale and a BDI were assessed to monitor treatment progress. For nonresponders and dropouts, a last-observation carried forward procedure was used. One to 2 protocols were selected from 5 standard protocols and were personalized based on the individual QEEG. At outtake 76% patients could be considered a responder (>50% decrease on one or more subscales of the ADHD rating scales), 14% a nonresponder, and 10% a dropout. The ES on inattention was 1.78 and for Impulsivity/Hyperactivity was 1.22. The presented results are similar to the results from Monastra, Monastra, and George (2002) and substantially larger than the ES obtained in the meta-analysis. These results show promise for personalizing well-Established neurofeedback protocols (such as central SMR/Theta and Fronto-central theta/beta) based on the individual EEG. Furthermore, a slow-alpha peak frequency (APF) had no relation to treatment outcome on ADHD specific scales but did demonstrate a clear relationship to comorbid depression symptoms, with subjects with a slow frontal APF responding less well. These results require further replication employing larger sample sizes, randomization, and adequate control groups. Discussion The results from these studies (along with preand post-QEEG results) and other studies from the literature will be integrated and recommendations will be made on what the implications of the presented biomarkers could be for current treatments and current practice but also specifically for designing new treatments.
Inflammation in depression: Is adiposity a cause?$$$ Mounting evidence indicates that inflammation may play a significant role in the development of depression. Patients with depression exhibit increased inflammatory markers, and administration of cytokines and other inflammatory stimuli can induce depressive symptoms. Mechanisms by which cytokines access the brain and influence neurotransmitter systems relevant to depression have also been described, as have preliminary findings indicating that antagonizing inflammatory pathways may improve depressive symptoms. One primary source of inflammation in depression appears to be adiposity. Adipose tissue is a rich source of inflammatory factors including adipokines, chemokines, and cytokines, and a bidirectional relationship between adiposity and depression has been revealed. Adiposity is associated with the development of depression, and depression is associated with adiposity, reflecting a potentional vicious cycle between these two conditions which appears to center around inflammation. Treatments targeting this vicious cycle may be especially relevant for the treatment and prevention of depression as well as its multiple comorbid disorders such as cardiovascular disease, diabetes, and cancer, all of which have also been associated with both depression and inflammation. © 2011, LLS SAS.
Hormone treatment of depression$$$ There is a well-established relationship between alterations of various hormonal systems and psychiatric disorders, both in endocrine and psychiatric patients. This has led to clinical and research studies examining the efficacy of the different hormones for treatment of depression. These data will be reviewed with particular regard to the thyroid, gonadal, pineal, and adrenal cortex hormones. The data generally provide limited, but varying evidence for the antidepressant efficacy of these hormones. © 2011, LLS SAS.
Pharmacologic management of chronic low back pain: Synthesis of the evidence$$$ Study Design.: Systematic review of the literature with subgroup analysis for heterogeneous treatment effects. Objective.: The objectives of this systematic review were to summarize prior Cochrane reports regarding the safety and effectiveness of opioids, nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), and antidepressants for treatment of chronic low back pain (LBP) and to evaluate whether certain subpopulations respond more favorably to pharmacological management. Summary of Background DATA.: While medications are a mainstay of LBP management, there is uncertainty as to the optimal use of commonly prescribed medications such as opioids, antidepressants, and NSAIDS. Methods.: To summarize the overall treatment effect and safety for each of the three pharmacological drug classes (opioids, NSAIDs, or antidepressants), we summarized existing Cochrane reviews. To evaluate whether the effects of treatment varied by specific subgroups of patients, we sought randomized controlled trials (RCTs) evaluating one of the three pharmacological drug classes versus an alternative management for chronic LBP. Results.: Based on the Cochrane reviews, opioids are more effective than placebo with respect to pain and disability, with a much greater effect size for pain than disability. When compared with NSAIDs, opioids did not confer a greater benefit with regard to pain and disability. The rate of side effects from opioids is significantly greater than placebo with differences ranging between 2% and 9%. The systematic review of RCTs showed that antidepressants are not more effective than placebo with respect to pain, functional status, or depression. Certain subgroup treatment effects were identified, supporting our hypothesis that chronic LBP should be considered a heterogeneous set of disorders. As such, chronic LBP subgroups should be considered both when making clinical treatment decisions and when designing future research trials. Conclusion.: Opioids and NSAIDs are effective for chronic LBP, while antidepressants have no meaningful clinical benefit. Based on the significant rate of side effects with opioids and the lack of convincing superiority over NSAIDs, opioids are not recommended as a treatment for chronic LBP. Attention to subgroups of patients will likely help guide treatment, and will likely help increase the clinical impact of future research. Clinical: Recommendations. Recommendation 1: NSAIDs should be considered as a treatment of chronic LBP (Strength: Strong). There is evidence demonstrating favorable effectiveness, but also significant side effects that may have meaningful clinical consequences.Recommendation 2: Opioids may be considered in the treatment of chronic LBP but should be avoided if possible (Strength: Weak). There is evidence demonstrating favorable effectiveness compared to placebo, similar effectiveness compared to NSAIDs, and with significant side effects including decreasing effectiveness related to habituation when used long-term.Recommendation 3: Antidepressants should not be routinely used for the treatment of chronic LBP (Strength: Strong). There is evidence that they are not more effective than placebo with respect to pain, functional status, or depression.Based on the hypothesis that chronic LBP is a symptom reflective of a heterogeneous group of disorders, categorization of certain patient specific subgroups may be helpful in guiding future treatment decision making. It is likely that inclusion of subgroup factors in future RCTs will provide information needed to improve the strength and specificity of future clinical recommendations. © 2011, Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Treatment of Parkinson's disease. Psychological disorders: Striking a balance in order to optimise antiparkinsonian treatment$$$ • Parkinson's disease is frequently associated with psychological disorders, especially depression, psychotic disorders, and dementia. • We examined the management of psychological disorders in Parkinson's disease, including the use of psychotropic drugs, by reviewing the literature using the standard Prescrire methodology. • About one-third of patients with Parkinson's disease experience visual hallucinations. Other hallucinations and delusions can also occur. • Dose reduction or withdrawal of certain antiparkinsonian drugs sometimes improves psychotic disorders, providing an acceptable level of symptom control. Clozapine is effective and does not worsen parkinsonian symptoms, but it carries a risk of severe adverse effects, including agranulocytosis. Other neuroleptics are ineffective or worsen motor status. • Mood disorders and depression are frequent during the course of Parkinson's disease. Pramipexole, an antiparkinsonian dopamine agonist, improved depressive symptoms in patients with Parkinson's disease in one trial. Its main adverse effects are ocular disorders. • Several trials have shown that some tricyclic antidepressants improve depression in Parkinson's patients, but these drugs can worsen cognitive status and cause postural hypotension. Data on selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor antidepressants (SSRIs) are unconvincing. A meta-analysis of three trials showed that treatment withdrawals due to adverse events were similarly frequent with tricyclics and SSRIs. • Dementia is frequent in end-stage Parkinson's disease. When severe cognitive disorders occur, it is advisable to withdraw any drugs capable of worsening the situation, especially drugs with antimuscarinic effects and benzodiazepines. Cholinesterase inhibitors have a negative harm-benefit balance in this setting. • When a Parkinson's patient presents with a psychological disorder, the first step is to optimise antiparkinsonian treatment by striking a balance between motor control and psychological adverse effects. In the few situations in which drug treatment is likely to be beneficial, it should be remembered that psychotropic drugs are at best only moderately effective and should be used with care, monitoring patients for adverse effects. Copyright©Prescrire.
Painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy: Consensus recommendations on diagnosis, assessment and management$$$ Painful diabetic peripheral neuropathy (DPN) is common, is associated with significant reduction in quality of life and poses major treatment challenges to the practising physician. Although poor glucose control and cardiovascular risk factors have been proven to contribute to the aetiology of DPN, risk factors specific for painful DPN remain unknown. A number of instruments have been tested to assess the character, intensity and impact of painful DPN on quality of life, activities of daily living and mood. Management of the patient with DPN must be tailored to individual requirements, taking into consideration the co-morbidities and other factors. Pharmacological agents with proven efficacy for painful DPN include tricyclic anti-depressants, the selective serotonin and noradrenaline re-uptake inhibitors, anti-convulsants, opiates, membrane stabilizers, the anti-oxidant alpha-lipoic acid and topical agents including capsaicin. Current first-line therapies for painful DPN include tricyclic anti-depressants, the serotonin and noradrenaline re-uptake inhibitor duloxetine and the anti-convulsants pregabalin and gabapentin. When prescribing any of these agents, other co-morbidities and costs must be taken into account. Second-line approaches include the use of opiates such as synthetic opioid tramadol, morphine and oxycodone-controlled release. There is a limited literature with regard to combination treatment. In extreme cases of painful DPN unresponsive to pharmacotherapy, occasional use of electrical spinal cord stimulation might be indicated. There are a number of unmet needs in the therapeutic management of painful DPN. These include the need for randomized controlled trials with active comparators and data on the long-term efficacy of agents used, as most trials have lasted for less than 6 months. Finally, there is a need for appropriately designed studies to investigate non-pharmacological approaches. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd..
Tinnitus and depression$$$ Objectives. Depressive symptoms are common in individuals with tinnitus and may substantially aggravate their distress. The mechanisms, however, by which depression and tinnitus mutually interact are still not fully understood. Methods. Here we review neurobiological knowledge relevant for the interplay between depression and tinnitus. Results. Neuroimaging studies confirm the existence of neural circuits that are activated both in depression and tinnitus. Studies of neuroendocrine function demonstrate alterations of the HPA-axis in depression and, more recently, in tinnitus. Studies addressing neurotransmission suggest that the dorsal cochlear nucleus that is typically hyperactive in tinnitus, is also involved in the control of attention and emotional responses via projections to the locus coeruleus, the reticular formation and the raphe nuclei. Impaired hippocampal neurogenesis has been documented in animals with tinnitus after noise trauma, as in animal models of depression. Finally, from investigations of human candidate genes, there is some evidence to suggest that variant BDNF may act as a common susceptibility factor in both disorders. Conclusions. These parallels in the pathophysiology of tinnitus and depression argue against comorbidity by chance and against depression as pure reaction on tinnitus. Instead, they stand for a complex interplay between tinnitus and depression. Implications for tinnitus treatment are discussed. © 2011 Informa Healthcare.
The movement disorder society evidence-based medicine review update: Treatments for the non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease$$$ The Movement Disorder Society (MDS) Task Force on Evidence-Based Medicine (EBM) Review of Treatments for Parkinson's Disease (PD) was first published in 2002 and was updated in 2005 to cover clinical trial data up to January 2004 with the focus on motor symptoms of PD. In this revised version the MDS task force decided it was necessary to extend the review to non-motor symptoms. The objective of this work was to update previous EBM reviews on treatments for PD with a focus on non-motor symptoms. Level-I (randomized controlled trial, RCT) reports of pharmacological and nonpharmacological interventions for the non-motor symptoms of PD, published as full articles in English between January 2002 and December 2010 were reviewed. Criteria for inclusion and ranking followed the original program outline and adhered to EBM methodology. For efficacy conclusions, treatments were designated: efficacious, likely efficacious, unlikely efficacious, non-efficacious, or insufficient evidence. Safety data were catalogued and reviewed. Based on the combined efficacy and safety assessment, Implications for clinical practice were determined using the following designations: clinically useful, possibly useful, investigational, unlikely useful, and not useful. Fifty-four new studies qualified for efficacy review while several other studies covered safety issues. Updated and new efficacy conclusions were made for all indications. The treatments that are efficacious for the management of the different non-motor symptoms are as follows: pramipexole for the treatment of depressive symptoms, clozapine for the treatment of psychosis, rivastigmine for the treatment of dementia, and botulinum toxin A (BTX-A) and BTX-B as well as glycopyrrolate for the treatment of sialorrhea. The practical implications for these treatments, except for glycopyrrolate, are that they are clinically useful. Since there is insufficient evidence of glycopyrrolate for the treatment of sialorrhea exceeding 1 week, the practice implication is that it is possibly useful. The treatments that are likely efficacious for the management of the different non-motor symptoms are as follows: the tricyclic antidepressants nortriptyline and desipramine for the treatment of depression or depressive symptoms and macrogol for the treatment of constipation. The practice implications for these treatments are possibly useful. For most of the other interventions there is insufficient evidence to make adequate conclusions on their efficacy. This includes the tricyclic antidepressant amitriptyline, all selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) reviewed (paroxetine, citalopram, sertraline, and fluoxetine), the newer antidepressants atomoxetine and nefazodone, pergolide, Ω-3 fatty acids as well as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of depression or depressive symptoms; methylphenidate and modafinil for the treatment of fatigue; amantadine for the treatment of pathological gambling; donepezil, galantamine, and memantine for the treatment of dementia; quetiapine for the treatment of psychosis; fludrocortisone and domperidone for the treatment of orthostatic hypotension; sildenafil for the treatment of erectile dysfunction, ipratropium bromide spray for the treatment of sialorrhea; levodopa/carbidopa controlled release (CR), pergolide, eszopiclone, melatonin 3 to 5 mg and melatonin 50 mg for the treatment of insomnia and modafinil for the treatment of excessive daytime sleepiness. Due to safety issues the practice implication is that pergolide and nefazodone are not useful for the above-mentioned indications. Due to safety issues, olanzapine remains not useful for the treatment of psychosis. As none of the studies exceeded a duration of 6 months, the recommendations given are for the short-term management of the different non-motor symptoms. There were no RCTs that met inclusion criteria for the treatment of anxiety disorders, apathy, medication-related impulse control disorders and related behaviors other than pathological gambling, rapid eye movement (REM) sleep behavior disorder (RBD), sweating, or urinary dysfunction. Therefore, there is insufficient evidence for the treatment of these indications. This EBM review of interventions for the non-motor symptoms of PD updates the field, but, because several RCTs are ongoing, a continual updating process is needed. Several interventions and indications still lack good quality evidence, and these gaps offer an opportunity for ongoing research. © 2011 Movement Disorder Society.
Kleptomania and potential exacerbating factors: A review and case report$$$ Kleptomania is an impulse control disorder that can cause significant impairment and serious consequences. Often, the condition is kept secret by the patient, and usually help is sought only when confronted by the legal consequences of the impulsive behaviors. Historically, kleptomania has been viewed from a psychodynamic perspective, and the mainstay of treatment has been psychotherapy. Recently, attempts to explain kleptomania within a neuropsychiatric paradigm have highlighted the possible links between mood disorders, addictive behaviors, and brain injury with kleptomania. These associations with kleptomania can be extrapolated to pharmacological strategies that can potentially help in treating kleptomania. A case of kleptomania, which was potentially exacerbated by multiple factors, will be reviewed. Treatment modalities used in this case, including the use of the Yale- Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale as a surrogate marker to gauge response to treatment, will be discussed.
The use of ECT and MST in treating depression$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been used clinically since 1938. Its most common use is in the treatment of depression: first line treatment where rapid recovery is a priority, but more frequently as an effective treatment for patients who do not respond to pharmacological and psychological approaches. Whilst it is widely hailed as an effective treatment, concerns about its effect on cognition remain. The development of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) over the past decade has attempted to devise a therapy with comparable efficacy to ECT, but without the associated cognitive side effects. The rationale for this is that MST uses magnetic fields to induce seizures in the cortex, without electrical stimulation of brain structures involved with memory. MST has been used successfully in the treatment of depression, yet there is a dearth of literature in comparison with ECT. We present a systematic review of the literature on ECT (from 20092011) and MST (from 20012011). © 2011 Institute of Psychiatry.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in psychiatry$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive and relatively painless tool that has been used to study various cognitive functions as well as to understand the brain-behavior relationship in normal individuals as well as in those with various neuropsychiatric disorders. It has also been used as a therapeutic tool in various neuropsychiatric disorders because of its ability to specifically modulate distinct brain areas. Studies have shown that repeated stimulation at low frequency produces long-lasting inhibition, which is called as long-term depression, whereas repeated high-frequency stimulation can produce excitation through long-term potentiation. This paper reviews the current status of rTMS as an investigative and therapeutic modality in various neuropsychiatric disorders. It has been used to study the cortical and subcortical functions, neural plasticity and brain mapping in normal individuals and in various neuropsychiatric disorders. rTMS has been most promising in the treatment of depression, with an overall milder adverse effect profile compared with electroconvulsive therapy. In other neuropsychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia, mania, epilepsy and substance abuse, it has been found to be useful, although further studies are required to establish therapeutic efficacy. It appears to be ineffective in the treatment of obsessive compulsive disorder. There is a paucity of studies of efficacy and safety of rTMS in pediatric and geriatric population. Although it appears safe, further research is required to optimize its efficacy and reduce the side-effects. Magnetic seizure therapy, which involves producing seizures akin to electroconvulsive therapy, appears to be of comparable efficacy in the treatment of depression with less cognitive adverse effects.
Depression in the early stages of Huntington disease$$$ Huntington disease (HD) has traditionally been considered a movement disorder, but cognitive and psychiatric symptoms also prominently factor into its clinical presentation. Depression is one of the most common psychiatric disturbances in HD, with its prevalence highest in manifest disease during stage 2, but it is also present during the illness prodrome (the period before manifestation of motor symptoms). Identification and treatment of depression in individuals with the HD mutation is an essential part of clinical management in this population, especially owing to the high risk of suicide. This article summarizes what is currently known about the presentation and treatment of depression in the early stages of HD and provides advice to clinicians treating this population. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
Differential effects of deep TMS of the prefrontal cortex on apathy and depression$$$ Background: Apathy is one hallmark of major depression (MDD). It is distinguished by lack of emotion, whereas other aspects of depression involve considerable emotional distress. Investigating both apathy and depression may increase the degree of treatment efficacy for both ailments together and apart. Objective: Evaluate the differential effects of deep transcranial magnetic stimulation (DTMS) over the prefrontal cortex (PFC) on apathy and other aspects of depression in patients suffering from a depressive episode. Methods: Fifty-four treatment-resistant MDD patients were evaluated with the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD), and then treated with DTMS. Apathy-related items from HRSD (ApHRSD) were compared with the remaining items from HRSD (DepHRSD). Antidepressant medications were withdrawn and active DTMS treatment was administered at 20 Hz, 5 days a week for 4 weeks. Changes in HRSD were recorded. Primary efficacy time point was 1 week after the end of active treatment. Results: At screening, ApHRSD distribution was unimodal (moderate apathy), with low correlation (r = 0.17) between ApHRSD and DepHRSD. After treatment, a third had remitted apathy, and the correlation between ApHRSD and DepHRSD had dramatically increased (r = 0.83). Severe ApHRSD (≥ 7) at screening correlated with nonremission for both ApHRSD (R2 = 0.1993, P =.0012) and DepHRSD (R2 = 0.0860, P =.0334). Conclusions: DTMS over the PFC improved both apathy and depression similarly. However, DTMS did not lead to MDD remission if ApHRSD at screening was ≥ 7 of 12. Further investigation using a larger sample will determine whether screening apathy at baseline could be used to predict efficacy of DTMS in MDD patients. © 2011 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Exercise and severe depression: Preliminary results of an add-on study$$$ Background: Physical exercise has been extensively researched as a therapeutic option for treatment of major depression. Methods: In a randomized controlled trial, we analyze the effects of aerobic physical exercise as an add-on strategy for treatment of severe depressed inpatients. The exercise has a "Dose" of 16.5 kcal/kg/week, three times a week during all the hospitalization. Results: Our preliminary results show that there is no significant difference in scores of Hamilton in the second week between groups (Mean[SD] = 8.2[5.96] × 11.18[5.03], p = 0.192). However, there is a significant reduction in Hamilton scores of patients in exercise group at discharge (Mean[SD] = 5.93[4.46] × 9.45[3.56], p = 0.041). Regarding Quality of Life (QoL), no significant difference were found between groups in the second week in physical domain (Mean[SD] = 56.98[8.96] × 54.54[9.18], p = 0.511) and psychological domain (Mean[SD] = 50.88[13.88] × 42.04[12.42], p = 0.106). However, there is a significant difference in psychological domain (Mean[SD] = 55.88[9.92] v 41.66[13.04], p = 0.004) and a trend but no statistical significance in the physical (Mean[SD] = 58.80[9.14] × 52.12[8.70], p = 0.07) at discharge. Limitations: Many patients receive different treatment strategies, like ECT (1 patient at exercise group × 3 at control group). Other limitation is the small number of participants included until this moment. Conclusion: Our preliminary results suggest that physical exercise could be a feasible and effective add-on strategy for treatment of severe depressed inpatients, improving their depressive symptoms and QoL. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Brain energy consumption induced by electrical stimulation promotes systemic glucose uptake$$$ Background: Controlled transcranial stimulation of the brain is part of clinical treatment strategies in neuropsychiatric diseases such as depression, stroke, or Parkinson's disease. Manipulating brain activity by transcranial stimulation, however, inevitably influences other control centers of various neuronal and neurohormonal feedback loops and therefore may concomitantly affect systemic metabolic regulation. Because hypothalamic adenosine triphosphatesensitive potassium channels, which function as local energy sensors, are centrally involved in the regulation of glucose homeostasis, we tested whether transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) causes an excitation-induced transient neuronal energy depletion and thus influences systemic glucose homeostasis and related neuroendocrine mediators. Methods: In a crossover design testing 15 healthy male volunteers, we increased neuronal excitation by anodal tDCS versus sham and examined cerebral energy consumption with 31phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Systemic glucose uptake was determined by euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic glucose clamp, and neurohormonal measurements comprised the parameters of the stress systems. Results: We found that anodic tDCS-induced neuronal excitation causes an energetic depletion, as quantified by 31phosphorus magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Moreover, tDCS-induced cerebral energy consumption promotes systemic glucose tolerance in a standardized euglycemic-hyperinsulinemic glucose clamp procedure and reduces neurohormonal stress axes activity. Conclusions: Our data demonstrate that transcranial brain stimulation not only evokes alterations in local neuronal processes but also clearly influences downstream metabolic systems regulated by the brain. The beneficial effects of tDCS on metabolic features may thus qualify brain stimulation as a promising nonpharmacologic therapy option for drug-induced or comorbid metabolic disturbances in various neuropsychiatric diseases. © 2011 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Neuromodulation in epilepsy$$$ Neuromodulation strategies have been proposed to treat a variety of neurological disorders, including medication-resistant epilepsy. Electrical stimulation of both central and peripheral nervous systems has emerged as a possible alternative for patients who are not deemed to be good candidates for resective procedures. In addition to well-established treatments such as vagus nerve stimulation, epilepsy centers around the world are investigating the safety and efficacy of neurostimulation at different brain targets, including the hippocampus, thalamus, and subthalamic nucleus. Also promising are the preliminary results of responsive neuromodulation studies, which involve the delivery of stimulation to the brain in response to detected epileptiform or preepileptiform activity. In addition to electrical stimulation, novel therapeutic methods that may open new horizons in the management of epilepsy include transcranial magnetic stimulation, focal drug delivery, cellular transplantation, and gene therapy. We review the current strategies and future applications of neuromodulation in epilepsy. Copyright © 2011 by the Congress of Neurological Surgeons.
Treatment options for sleep dysfunction in Parkinson's disease$$$ Sleep disturbance is an important feature of Parkinson's disease (PD) that deserves clinical attention. Various disorders need to be considered and treatment should be customized to the patient's specific symptoms and lifestyle. Evaluation of a PD patient complaining of difficulty sleeping begins with a detailed history from the patient and bed partner about the specific problem the patient is experiencing. It is important to inquire about difficulties with sleep onset, frequent awakenings, increased movements during sleep, acting out dreams, uncomfortable motor symptoms, disordered breathing, and nocturia. Current medications should be reviewed to determine whether the recent addition of a drug or a change in dose may be contributing to sleep difficulties, and one should ask about daytime sleepiness, frequent daytime naps, and sleep hygiene in the evening that can contribute to problems sleeping at night. The goal of therapy is to restore quality nighttime sleep without excessive daytime sedation and to improve the patient's daily mental and physical function and overall quality of life. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.
Fibromyalgia: A primer for the anesthesia community$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: The present review is intended to give an overview of fibromyalgia for the anesthesiologist. While the basics of the treatment of fibromyalgia are included, the intent is to provide context to discuss the potential implications in perioperative management. RECENT FINDINGS: Research continues to demonstrate that fibromyalgia patients have neurophysiologic abnormalities that alter sensory perception, including lower levels of central neurotransmitters associated with the inhibition of pain and higher levels those that facilitate pain. While comorbid mood disorders are more common in fibromyalgia patients, studies have shown that fibromyalgia symptoms are not explained by depression alone. In the last year, the American College of Rheumatology established a new self-report questionnaire for the diagnosis of fibromyalgia in lieu of the previously required tender point examination plus self-report questionnaire. This questionnaire allows for the study of the severity of sensitivity and symptomatology on a continuum, which is termed 'fibromyalgianess'. Some new concepts in the treatment have been proposed, including sodium oxybate, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and web-based cognitive behavioral therapy. SUMMARY: The impact of fibromyalgia on anesthesia care is not known. Years of quality research have clearly demonstrated multiple pathophysiologic changes that could impact anesthesia care and future study is needed. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams &Wilkins.
Predictors of lithium response in bipolar disorder$$$ While lithium is generally regarded as the first-line agent for patients with bipolar disorder, it does not work for everyone, which raises the question: can we predict who will be most likely to respond? In this paper, we review the most compelling clinical, biologic, and genetic predictors of lithium response in bipolar disorder. Among clinical factors, the strongest predictors of good response are fewer hospitalizations preceding treatment, an episodic course characterized by an illness pattern of mania followed by depression, and a later age at onset of bipolar disorder. While several biologic predictors have been studied, the results are preliminary and require replication with studies of larger patient samples over longer observation periods. Neuroimaging is a particularly promising method given that it might concurrently illuminate pathophysiologic underpinnings of bipolar disorder, the mechanism of action of lithium, and potential predictors of lithium response. The first genome-wide association study of lithium response was recently completed. No definitive results emerged, perhaps because the study was underpowered. With major new initiatives in progress aiming to identify genes and genetic variations associated with lithium response, there is much reason to be hopeful that clinically useful information might be generated within the next several years. This could ultimately translate into tests that could guide the choice of mood-stabilizing medication for patients. In addition, it might facilitate pharmacologic research aimed at developing newer, more effective medications that might act more quickly and yield fewer side effects. © The Author(s), 2011.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treatment of alcohol dependence$$$ Objectives. Neuroimaging studies have found that alcohol dependent patients display dopaminergic dysfunction in the ventral striatum, which is associated with alcohol craving. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was introduced as a promising new treatment option for depression, and among other neurobiological mechanisms, it is able to stimulate the striatal dopaminergic system. The aim of our study was to investigate the effect of high frequency rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex compared to sham stimulation on craving and mood in alcohol dependent women. Furthermore, the impact on an attentional blink (AB) paradigm to pictures with neutral, emotional and alcohol-related contents was proofed. Methods. Nineteen female detoxified patients were randomized either to a high frequency rTMS (20 Hz) over the left DLPFC (n = 10) or a sham stimulations (n = 9) at 10 days. Alcohol craving was determined with the Obsessive Compulsive Drinking Scale, depressive symptoms were registered by means of Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Beck' Depression Inventory. For the AB paradigm an age-matched control group was investigated. Results. There were no significantly differences between both groups regarding alcohol craving or mood. In the AB paradigm, real stimulated patients detected alcohol related T2 targets incorrectly in comparison to the sham stimulated and control subjects. Summary. Although there were no differences in clinical parameters such as craving or mood after real high frequency rTMS compared to sham stimulation, we found an interesting difference between the real and the sham stimulated group and controls in the AB paradigm indicating an increase of the AB effect to alcohol-related pictures after real stimulation. Further studies are needed to replicate these findings and correlate them to clinical and neurophysiological data. © 2011 Informa Healthcare.
Comparison of enflurane and propofol in electroconvulsive therapy, a randomized crossover open preliminary study on seizure duration and anaesthetic recovery$$$ Background and objectives: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is commonly used for treatment of depression, mania and affective disorders. Anaesthetics for general anaesthesia during ECT should have rapid onset, rapid emerge, not interfere with seizure activity and not shorten seizure duration. The aim of this study is to compare effects of enflurane, a pro-convulsive anaesthetic agent, and propofol on seizure durations, postictal suppression index and recovery times during electroconvulsive therapy. Methods: Unpremedicated subjects were divided into two groups according to induction of anaesthesia. Patients were induced for ECT with 5% enflurane in group E and 1.2mg.kg-1 propofol in group P until loss of consciousness. The durations of electroencephalogram (EEG) and motor seizures, postictal suppression index, time to spontaneous breathing, duration of eye opening, and obeying commands were recorded. Results: There was no statistically significant difference between the groups regarding motor and EEG seizure times and postictal suppression index on the EEG records. Recovery times (times of starting spontaneous breathing, eye opening, and obeying command) were significantly shorter in group E compared to group P. No nausea or vomiting were observed and no ECG abnormality was noted except transient sinus bradycardia and sinus tachycardia. Conclusions: Although sufficient seizure for the treatment was provided during enflurane anaesthesia, any additional benefit was not revealed regarding seizure times or postictal suppression index when compared to propofol anaesthesia. On the other hand, recovery times after enflurane anaesthesia were shorter than propofol anaesthesia. However, there is still a need for further study in different ETCO2 levels. © 2011 Elsevier Editora Ltda.
Therapeutic potential of melatonin and its analogs in Parkinson's disease: Focus on sleep and neuroprotection$$$ Sleep disorders constitute major nonmotor features of Parkinson's disease (PD) that have a substantial effect on patients' quality of life and can be related to the progression of the neurodegenerative disease. They can also serve as preclinical markers for PD, as it is the case for rapid eye movement (REM)-associated sleep behavior disorder (RBD). Although the etiology of sleep disorders in PD remains undefined, the assessment of the components of the circadian system, including melatonin secretion, could give therapeutically valuable insight on their pathophysiopathology. Melatonin is a regulator of the sleep/wake cycle and also acts as an effective antioxidant and mitochondrial function protector. A reduction in the expression of melatonin MT1 and MT2 receptors has been documented in the substantia nigra of PD patients. The efficacy of melatonin for preventing neuronal cell death and for ameliorating PD symptoms has been demonstrated in animal models of PD employing neurotoxins. A small number of controlled trials indicate that melatonin is useful in treating disturbed sleep in PD, in particular RBD. Whether melatonin and the recently developed melatonergic agents (ramelteon, tasimelteon, agomelatine) have therapeutic potential in PD is also discussed. © The Author(s), 2011. Reprints and permissions: http://www.sagepub.co.uk/journalsPermissions.nav.
The use of the EEG in measuring therapeutic drug action: Focus on depression and antidepressants$$$ A major issue in proof of concept studies and early clinical trials of novel therapeutic agents is that the active drugs can often have a relatively small additional effect compared with placebo. This is especially the case in psychiatry when we usually have no direct method of measuring the pathology underlying the disorder being studied but, rather, have to rely on the subjective assessment of psychiatric symptoms. The use of the electroencephalogram (EEG) offers two potential major means of addressing this problem. First it is able to provide direct data relating to neural activity that may be abnormal in certain disorders. As such there are opportunities for utilizing the EEG in a variety of ways as an objective outcome measure. Second there is growing evidence that in certain circumstances the EEG can be used to predict which patients are likely to respond to treatment, thus potentially increasing the power of studies by decreasing non-response rates and increasing mean changes in outcome measure. Both of these uses of the EEG are illustrated in reference to the study of mood disorders and in particular depression and its treatment with antidepressants. © 2011 The Author(s).
Mood disorders in children and adolescents: Update for pediatricians$$$ Objectives: To review epidemiological and etiologic aspects of diagnosis and treatment of mood disorders (MDs) in children and adolescents, with a focus on essential information for pediatricians. Sources: A literature search on MEDLINE, a review of the American Psychiatric Association's Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, fourth edition (text revision) (DSM-IV-TR), and a critical analysis of current diagnostic criteria and scientific evidence regarding the etiology of mood disorders were performed. Summary of the findings: We identified diverging opinions for and against the proposition of using the same criteria used for adults, as listed in the DSM-IV-TR, for diagnosing mood disorders in children and adolescents. Although there has been much debate in the literature on this topic in the last decade, there remains a concern that there may be a significant under-diagnosis of cases due to differing methods. Several epidemiological studies conducted in pediatric populations using different criteria and methods make it difficult to interpret the data currently published. Although the field of neurosciences has achieved major advances in understanding these pathologies, additional investigations are needed to gain a clearer picture of how genetic and environmental factors interact and influence the origin and severity of the disease and the patient's response to treatment. Conclusions: MDs have a high prevalence in childhood and adolescence and have major long-term impacts on sufferer's lives. There is a need to improve diagnostic criteria, adapting them for the pediatric population, with the objective of making it simpler for clinicians, particularly pediatricians, to make diagnoses and initiate early intervention. Advances in the area of epigenetics may aid in the development of new preventative, diagnostic, and therapeutic approaches. Copyright © 2011 by Sociedade Brasileira de Pediatria.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation influences mood in healthy male volunteers$$$ The influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on mood in healthy people is uncertain, as former studies show divergent results. Previous studies in healthy volunteers focused exclusively on the immediate effect of a single session of rTMS. In contrast the aim of this randomised sham-controlled study was to analyse the influence on mood of a series of 9 High Frequency (HF) rTMS stimulations of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC).44 young healthy male volunteers were randomly assigned to receive 9 sessions of active HF-rTMS (n = 22) or sham rTMS (n = 22) over the left DLPFC. Each session in the active group consisted of 15 trains of 25 Hz starting with 100% of motor threshold. Sham stimulation was performed following the same protocol, but using a sham coil. The variables of interest were the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and six Visual Analogue Scales (VAS) which quantified " mood" , " enjoyment" and " energy" We found a significant reduction of the BDI sum score in the active group (GLM, p < 0.001) whereas no significant changes of the BDI sum score were caused by sham stimulation (GLM, p = 0.109). The BDI single item analyses revealed within and between group differences supporting the modifying effect of rTMS on BDI. According to the employed VAS we did not find significant differences caused by active or sham stimulation in five of six VAS. In the VAS labelled lively/gloomy the active group was found to be more " gloomy" (p = 0.0111) immediately after stimulation. Our data show that a 9-day long series of HF-rTMS of the left DLPFC improves mood, analysed by BDI in healthy young men, whereas no significant long-term changes were found in VAS. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Clinical predictors of response and remission in inpatients with depressive syndromes$$$ Background: Most predictor analyses search for single predictors or rely on data from randomized controlled trials. We aimed at detecting a set of clinical baseline variables for prediction of response and remission in 1014 naturalistically treated inpatients with major depressive episode treated for 53.62 ± 47.5 days. Methods: A three-staged procedure was implemented. First, univariate tests were used for finding associations with baseline variables. Second, logistic regression and third-CART analyses were used to determine predictors of response to inpatient treatment. Results: Presence of suicidality, a higher initial HAMD-21 total score, an episode length < 24 months, fewer previous hospitalizations, and absence of any ICD-10 F4 comorbidity predicted response in 2 different statistical models. Remission was predicted by lower HAMD-21 baseline score, episode length < 24 months and fewer previous hospitalizations in both models. Limitation: Results were assessed by a post-hoc analysis, based on prospectively collected data. No controlled study design. Conclusion: Contrary to current beliefs, baseline suicidality might be associated with higher chances for response. In addition, baseline severity might impact outcome depending on which criterion (remission or response) used. © 2011 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
D2 receptor block abolishes theta burst stimulation-induced neuroplasticity in the human motor cortex$$$ Dopamine (DA) is a neurotransmitter with an important influence on learning and memory, which is thought to be due to its modulatory effect on plasticity at central synapses, which in turn depends on activation of D1 and D2 receptors. Methods of brain stimulation (transcranial direct current stimulation, tDCS; paired associative stimulation, PAS) lead to after-effects on cortical excitability that are thought to resemble long-term potentization (LTP)/long-term depression (LTD) in reduced preparations. In a previous study we found that block of D2 receptors abolished plasticity induced by tDCS but had no effect on the facilitatory plasticity induced by PAS. We postulated that the different effect of D2 receptor block on tDCS-and PAS-induced plasticity may be due to the different focality and associativity of the stimulation techniques. However, alternative explanations for this difference could not be ruled out. tDCS also differs from PAS in other aspects, as tDCS induces plasticity by subthreshold neuronal activation, modulating spontaneous activity, whereas PAS induces plasticity via phasic suprathreshold stimulation. The present study in 12 volunteers examined effects of D2 receptor blockade (sulpiride (SULP) 400 mg), on the LTP/LTD-like effects of theta burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS), which has less restricted effects on cortical synapses than that of PAS, and does not induce associative plasticity, similar to tDCS, but on the other hand induces cortical excitability shifts by suprathreshold (rhythmic) activation of cortical neurons similarly to PAS. Administration of SULP blocked both the excitatory and inhibitory effects of intermittent (iTBS) and continuous TBS (cTBS), respectively. As the reduced response to TBS following SULP resembles its effect on tDCS, the results support an effect of DA on plasticity, which might be related to the focality and associativity of the plasticity induced. © 2011 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved.
The effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depressive disorder with partial remission: An eight months follow-up study$$$ Objective: High frequency left-sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to have antidepressant effects in double blind trials [1]. There are many studies which confirm that rTMS has been a benefit in treatment resistant depression [2]. Many countries approve the use of rTMS in treatment resistant depression. In major depressive patients, there are many who respond to medication treatment but do not enter full remission, only partial remission. Several studies have demonstrated the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the acute treatment of a major depressive disorder (MDD). However, the impact of rTMS throughout the long course of MDD remains to be elucidated. Our aim is to evaluate the long term effects of rTMS in MDD patients who enter remission by having rTMS as an adjunctive treatment. Method: Subjects are patients meeting DSM IV criteria for non psychotic major depressive disorder who respond to 8 weeks of medication treatment but do not enter remission. The partial remission condition was determined by Hamilton rating scale for depression Thai version (HAM-D > seven but < eighteen) and the clinical global improvement after medication treatment is at least much improved (CGI-I ≤2). All patients were assigned to receive rTMS applied at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The dosage of rTMS was 10 sessions of 50 stimulations in 5 seconds, 25 train/session (100% of motor threshold and 1250 pulses per session). During the rTMS course, the patients were still taking medication as usual. Patients who were in remission were followed up for 8 months to observe the long term effects of rTMS. The primary outcome was an antidepressant effect using the Hamilton rating scale for depression Thai version. Evaluations for adverse events were made in every follow up visit Result: There were nine patients (seven women and two men) that met the inclusion criteria and agreed to receive rTMS. The median HAM-D score prior to the treatment with rTMS was 12 (range 10-17). Six patients (75%) reached the stage of remission (HAM-D<8) after treatment with rTMS. Eight months after treatment all patients who were in remission remained in the remission stage. The median HAM-D score at eight months after treatment was five (range 3-7). Using Wilcoxon signed-rank test the HAM-D score median change from baseline was seven (p = 0.008). There was no severe adverse event. One patient had vertigo after the first session of treatment and one patient had a scalp contraction feeling during treatment but fully recovered in half an hour with no medical intervention. Conclusion: For patients with major depressive disorder in partial remission, high frequency rTMS at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may provide benefits in adjunctive treatment with good toleration. And the follow up finding showed the long duration of benefits of adjunctive treatment with rTMS in partial response MDD without a psychotic feature. The lack of control subjects suggest that further testing of double blind randomized controlled studies are needed before rTMS can be considered as an adjunctive treatment in major depressive disorder with partial remission.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of depression and negative symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Objective: Depression is an important co-occurring syndrome in schizophrenia associated with increased morbidity and mortality rates. Pharmacological treatment of this condition has certain difficulties and brain stimulation techniques may be considered as methods of choice. The aim of the study was to estimate the effectiveness of rTMS for the treatment of depression and probably negative symptoms in schizophrenia patients. Methods: 66 patients with schizophrenia (ICD-10) stabilized on antipsychotic medication and with the prevalence of negative symptoms were included in the study. All the patients had major depression (CDSS score ≥6). Patients were randomized in 2 groups. 32 patients of the 1st group received 15-Hz rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (100% intensity, 6-second trains, 60-second intervals, and 20-train session). Sessions were given 5 times a week during 3 weeks. 34 patients of the 2nd group were treated with antidepressant (SSRI) which was added to antipsychotic therapy (this group was an active control for the 1st group). Patients were assessed weekly with PANSS, CDSS and CGI-S. The criterion of efficacy was the 50% CDSS score reduction. Nonparametric statistical methods were used. Results: The number of responders was 20 (62.5%) in rTMS group and 18 (52.9%) in the active control group. Depressive symptoms were reduced faster in rTMS group. Mean CDSS score reduction after the 1st week of treatment was 39.4% (p < 0.05) in the group of rTMS and 34.6% (p < 0.05) in the active control group. rTMS was more effective in the treatment of severe depression (CDSS≥11) than SSRI therapy: 58.8% vs. 50% of responders. The disadvantage of rTMS was unstable effect, in 35% of responders in the 1st group depressive symptoms relapsed in two weeks after discontinuation of the therapy. PANSS negative subscale score reduction was 15.5% (p < 0.05) in rTMS group and 5.8% (p<0.05) in the active control group. The most reduced negative symptoms in rTMS group were “Poor rapport” - 21.6%, “Emotional withdrawal” - 19.5%, “Blunted affect” - 17.6%, “Passive apathetic social avoidance” - 12.2% of reduction. Changes of each item of PANSS negative subscale in rTMS group were statistically significant (p < 0.05). Correlations between reduction of PANSS negative subscale and CDSS were found. It means that mostly the secondary negative symptoms associated with depression were reduced in both groups. There weren't any significant changes in positive symptoms. rTMS was good tolerable, the most common side effect was headache (90.6%). Headaches mostly were mild and unstable. Only one patient was excluded from the study due to this reason. Conclusion: Our results have shown that antidepressive effect of rTMS in schizophrenia is comparable to conventional methods of pharmacological treatment. Good tolerability, rapid onset of action and more potent reduction of negative symptoms were the prominent features of rTMS action. rTMS can be used in the treatment of depressions of different severity in stabilized schizophrenia patients without acute psychosis. Prolongation of rTMS course or usage of this method combined with antidepressants probably can be considered to achieve more stable effect.
Impact of dopamine and serotonine on plasticity in humans$$$ The neuromodulators dopamine and serotonine have been shown to affect cognition, including learning and memory formation, in humans. Neuroplastic alterations of cortical connectivity, i.e. long term potentiation and depression, are thought to be the foundation of learning and memory formation. Therefore the impact of dopamine nd serotonine on plasticity might relevantly enhance our understanding of their impact on cognition. Here we explored the effects of dopamine and serotonine on plasticity in humans via non-invasive brain stimulation techniques applied to the primary motor cortex. Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), and paired associative stimulation (PAS), which both induce plasticity of the glutamatergic system, but differ in focality, were combined with different dopaminergic agents, and the serotonine reuptake inhibitor citalopram, or placebo medication, in various experiments. We show that high and low dosage global dopaminergic activation abolishes plasticity, while medium activation of the dopaminergic system has a focusing effect on facilitatory plasticity. Activation of D1- or D2-like subreceptors has different effects. In contrast, enhancing serotonine levels prolonged facilitatory plasticity and turned inhibitory plasticity into facilitation. These results might help to explain the dosage- and subreceptordependent effects of these substances on learning and memory formation.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamicpituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of sleep electroencephalogram-modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (SEM-rTMS) and conventional rTMS (C-rTMS) on the activity of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in patients with depression. Methods: In a double-blind, randomized controlled trial, 164 patients diagnosed with depression were randomized to treatment with SEM-rTMS (n=57), C-rTMS (n=55) or sham rTMS (n=52) for 30 min every day for 10 d. Before and after treatment plasma concentrations of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol (CORT) were measured, and the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) was used for assessment. Results: The HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH and CORT concentrations of these depressive patients before treatment were significantly different from those of the normal control group (p<0.05). The HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH and CORT concentrations in the SEM-rTMS group and conventional rTMS group were decreased significantly (p<0.05). There was a significant positive correlation between the HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH (n=240, r=0.105, p=0.048) and CORT concentrations (n=240, r=0.126, p=0.023) in patients with depression before and after treatment. Conclusion: The antidepressant effect of rTMS, including SEM-rTMS, may be related to its decreasing HPA axis activity.
Low frequency repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation improves motor performance in patients with Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using the new H-coil, allowing stimulation of deeper neuronal pathways, can cause short-term, modest improvement of some motor measures in PD patients. Objectives: To test the efficacy and safety of the H-coil as treatment for PD. Methods: 19 PD patients with asymmetric involvement were randomized into one of two treatment protocols: 1. Low frequency (1Hz) stimulation over the motor cortex along with high frequency stimulation (10Hz) over the prefrontal cortex contralaterally to the more affected side. 2. Low frequency stimulation over the contralateral motor cortex alone. Outcome measures, collected on days 1, 10, 30, 60 and 90 included: UPDRS, CGI, pegboard test, foot and finger tapping tests, timed Up & Go test, and several measures of depression and neuropsychological functioning. Results: Patients who received dual stimulation had a significant improvement on day 30 in several motor scores including the motor UPDRS (mean decrease 5.66±5.72 points, p=0.004), motor UPDRS of the afflicted side (mean decrease 2.33±2.49, p=0.015) foot tapping of the afflicted side (mean increase 7.84±10.26 taps p=0.034) and pegboard test (mean decrease of 7.68±5.72 seconds p=0.007). The stimulation beneficial effect was still significant for some measures at day 60. Patients who received stimulation only over the motor cortex had a lower but significant improvement on day 30 only. In both groups rTMS did not affect depression or cognitive measures and the treatment was well tolerated. Conclusions: In this open study, rTMS was proved a safe and effective treatment causing a significant improvement of motor function in PD patients.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the motor cortex fails to improve motor and non-motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, controlled study$$$ Introduction: Based on several open-label and case studies, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex seems to have an effect on clinical symptoms of patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). However, this hypothesis requires further confirmation. Aims: We conducted a randomized, double-blind placebocontrolled study to evaluate the effect of rTMS over bilateral motor cortex on various motor and non-motor features of PD. Methods: 22 PD patients were assigned into two groups, one receiving real-rTMS (90% of resting motor threshold, 5Hz, 600 pulses-a-day for 10 days) over the motor cortex, and another group receiving sham-rTMS. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short-term) and 30 days after treatment-session ended (long-term effect). MMSE, UPDRS, Hoehn-Yahr, Epworth Sleepiness, Visual Analogue and Montgomery- Asberg Depression Rating Scales (MADRS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and trail making and Stroop tests were applied. Results: No side-effects occurred and the effectiveness of blinding was acceptable. 30 days after treatment ended, the UPDRS-III improved by 11 points in the stimulated group compared to baseline. However, the size of improvement was also similar (10 points) in the sham-treated group. Between the stimulated and the sham-stimulated groups, none of the examined variables showed any statistically significant differences. Discussion: Both real and sham stimulation produced a considerable improvement in the UPDRS-III. Because we could not find any significant changes between the two groups, we might conclude that this improvement is probably due to the placebo effect of rTMS.
The value of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of anxiety disorders: An integrative review$$$ Abstract: Unlike for depression, only few studies are available today investigating the therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for anxiety disorders. This review aims to provide information on the current research approaches and main findings regarding the therapeutic use of rTMS in the context of various anxiety disorders. Although positive results have frequently been reported in both open and randomized controlled studies, our review of all identified studies indicates that at present no conclusive evidence of the efficacy of rTMS for the treatment for anxiety disorders is provided. Several treatment parameters have been used, making the interpretation of the results difficult. Moreover, sham-controlled research has often been unable to distinguish between response to rTMS and sham treatment. However, there is a limitation in the rTMS methods that likely impacts only the superficial cortical layers. It is not possible to directly stimulate more distant cortical areas, and also subcortical areas, relevant to the pathogenesis of anxiety disorders, though such effects in subcortical areas are thought to be indirect, via trans-synaptic connections. We thus recommend further studies to clearly determine the role of rTMS in the treatment of anxiety disorders. Key advances in combining TMS with neuroimaging technology may aid in such future developments. ©2011 Bentham Science Publishers.
The efficacy of hypnosis as an intervention for labor and delivery pain: A comprehensive methodological review$$$ This paper presents a comprehensive methodological review of research on the efficacy of hypnosis for reducing labor and delivery pain. To be included, studies were required to use a between-subjects or mixed model design in which hypnosis was compared with a control condition or alternative intervention in reducing labor pain. An exhaustive search of the PsycINFO and PubMed databases produced 13 studies satisfying these criteria. Hetero-hypnosis and self-hypnosis were consistently shown to be more effective than standard medical care, supportive counseling, and childbirth education classes in reducing pain. Other benefits included better infant Apgar scores and shorter Stage 1 labor. Common methodological limitations of the literature include a failure to use random assignment, to specify the demographic characteristics of samples, and to use a treatment manual. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Use of pure opioid antagonists for management of opioid-induced pruritus$$$ Purpose. Published reports on placebo-controlled clinical trials and other studies investigating the use of pure opioid antagonists for the prevention and treatment of opioid-induced pruritus (OIP) were evaluated. Summary. OIP is a common adverse effect of therapeutic use of opioid medications that can have a major impact on patients'comfort, quality of life, and willingness to continue opioid therapy. A literature search identified more than a dozen published reports on the use of pure opioid antagonists (naloxone, naltrexone, methylnaltrexone) for the management of OIP in pediatric and adult patients. Of the studies included in this review, most investigated the effects of naloxone administered by various parenteral routes for the prevention of OIP. Some of those studies indicated a significant reduction in the frequency or severity of pruritus with use of naloxone (a low-dose, continuous i.v. infusion of naloxone appearedto be the most effective treatment). A significant diminution of analgesia requiring increased cumulative doses of morphine was also observed in some studies. A number of studies evaluating the use of orally administered naltrexone for the management of OIP yielded generally less favorable results. Evidence from one small study suggested a potential role for orally administered methylnaltrexone in the prevention of OIP. Conclusion. Based on the existing data, a low-dose, continuous i.v. infusion of naloxone has the largest body of evidence supporting its use for prevention of OIP in adult and pediatric patients. Copyright © 2011, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved.
Managing late-life bipolar disorder: An update$$$ Changing national demographics in concert with growing sophistication in the treatment of bipolar illness have highlighted the need for a better understanding of how bipolar disorder (BD) presents and might be best managed in older adults. Suffering and burden related to illness can be expected to not only affect the older adult with BD, but also families and society at large given the multidimensional effects of the illness on functional status and interpersonal relationships. Clinicians struggling to meet the needs of geriatric patients with BD have few evidence-based studies on which to base treatment decisions, and often must balance treatment of bipolar illness with extensive medical comorbidities. This article will address geriatric BD, including a discussion of epidemiology, illness onset chronology, clinical presentation of BD among geriatric patients, the entity of secondary mania or mania related to identified medical/neurologic pathologies, and treatment and management issues including pharmacotherapies, other biologic treatments and psychosocial interventions. Finally, ongoing challenges and unmet needs with respect to geriatric BD will be discussed. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
Targeting fibromyalgia pain: Brain-spinal cord and peripheral contributions$$$ Fibromyalgia (FM) is a complex chronic pain syndrome with a well-defined clinical phenotype that results from disordered central pain-related mechanisms. The etiology is multifaceted with links to genetic factors, personality, psychological distress, environmental triggers and peripheral musculoskeletal function. Central brain and spinal cord 'top-down mechanisms dominate the pathophysiology of FM. We review the disordered pain-related neurological processes that are present in FM and discuss treatments that target these relevant mechanisms. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
Treatment of depression in patients with epilepsy$$$ In this article, we review the current best evidence for the treatment of depression in patients with epilepsy. Depression is a common epilepsy comorbidity, but it is often unrecognized. The most important step in appropriately managing mood disorders in this population is making the diagnosis. Clinical vigilance and routine use of a validated screening tool can improve detection and quality of care. As is increasingly the case for the general population, persons with epilepsy are often interested in exploring alternative therapies for chronic conditions, including depression. Unfortunately, the benefit of complementary and alternative therapies for depression currently is largely unproven for persons with a seizure history, although an early study of exercise for mild depression has shown some benefit. Concerns about drug interactions, side effects, and expense may be barriers to the prescription of antidepressant medications for people requiring chronic antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy. For this reason, use of an AED with mood-stabilizing properties has appeal and may be appropriate for selected individuals with mild depressive symptoms. Undue fear of lowering seizure threshold should not preclude the prescription of an antidepressant medication, as the perceived risks are often overestimated and rarely outweigh the risk of leaving depression untreated. At present, the best evidence for efficacy and safety support the use of citalopram, sertraline, or mirtazapine as initial pharmacotherapy, whereas bupropion should be avoided. Start low, go slow, and use the lowest effective dose. Cognitive behavioral therapy is a valuable adjunct to antidepressant therapy in this population. For people with refractory partial epilepsy and refractory depression, vagus nerve stimulation has some appeal, in that it may be beneficial for both conditions, but the efficacy of vagus nerve stimulation in improving mood in patients with epilepsy remains unclear. © 2011 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Neuromodulatory neurotransmitters influence LTP-Like plasticity in human cortex: A pharmaco-TMS study$$$ Long-term potentiation (LTP) of synaptic efficacy is considered a fundamental mechanism of learning and memory. At the cellular level a large body of evidence demonstrated that the major neuromodulatory neurotransmitters dopamine (DA), norepinephrine (NE), and acetylcholine (ACh) influence LTP magnitude. Noninvasive brain stimulation protocols provide the opportunity to study LTP-like plasticity at the systems level of human cortex. Here we applied paired associative stimulation (PAS) to induce LTP-like plasticity in the primary motor cortex of eight healthy subjects. In a double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled, crossover design, the acute effects of a single oral dose of the neuromodulatory drugs cabergoline (DA agonist), haloperidol (DA antagonist), methylphenidate (indirect NE agonist), prazosine (NE antagonist), tacrine (ACh agonist), and biperiden (ACh antagonist) on PAS-induced LTP-like plasticity were examined. The antagonists haloperidol, prazosine, and biperiden depressed significantly the PAS-induced LTP-like plasticity observed under placebo, whereas the agonists cabergoline, methylphenidate, and tacrine had no effect. Findings demonstrate that antagonists in major neuromodulatory neurotransmitter systems suppress LTP-like plasticity at the systems level of human cortex, in accord with evidence of their modulating action of LTP at the cellular level. This provides further supportive evidence for the known detrimental effects of these drugs on LTP-dependent mechanisms such as learning and memory. © 2011 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. All rights reserved.
Update on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder: Different targets$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a chronic, disabling disorder. Ten percent of patients remain treatment refractory despite several treatments. For these severe, treatment-refractory patients, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been suggested as a treatment option. Since 1997, in published trials, a total of 110 OCD patients have been treated with rTMS. This review aims to provide an update on rTMS treatment in patients with OCD. First, the mechanism of action is discussed, followed by the efficacy and side effects of rTMS at various brain targets, and finally implications for the future. Due to the lack of studies with comparable stimulation or treatment parameters and with reliable designs, it is difficult to draw clear conclusions. In general, rTMS appears to be effective in open-label studies; however, this has not yet been replicated in randomized, sham-controlled trials. © 2011 The Author(s).
Prior epidural lidocaine alters the pharmacokinetics and drug effects of extended-release epidural morphine (DepoDur®) after cesarean delivery$$$ BACKGROUND: A potential physicochemical interaction between epidural local anesthetics and extended-release epidural morphine (EREM) could negate the sustained release. In this study, we sought to determine the pharmacokinetic and drug effects of prior epidural lidocaine administration on EREM. METHODS: Thirty healthy women undergoing cesarean delivery were enrolled in this randomized study. Patients received 8 mg EREM 1 hour after either a combined spinal-epidural (intrathecal bupivacaine and fentanyl 20 μg with no epidural medication; group SE) or an epidural anesthetic (epidural 2% lidocaine with fentanyl 100 μg; group E). Maximal concentration (Cmax), time to Cmax (Tmax), and AUC0-last (area under the concentration-time curve until the last plasma concentration that was below the limit of quantitation) for morphine levels were determined from a plasma sample at 0, 5, 10, 15, and 30 minutes, and 1, 4, 8, 12, 24, 36, 48, and 72 hours. Drug effects including pain, analgesic use, and side effects were measured for 72 hours after cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Epidural lidocaine administration (20-35 mL) 1 hour before epidural EREM administration increased the Cmax in group E (11.1 ± 4.9) compared with group SE (8.3 ± 7.1 ng/mL) (P = 0.038). There were no significant effects on Tmax and AUC0-last of venous morphine between the groups (P > 0.05). There was an increased incidence in vomiting, oxygen use, and hypotension in group E (patients who received lidocaine before EREM). CONCLUSION: A large dose of epidural lidocaine 1 hour before EREM administration alters the pharmacokinetics and drug effects of EREM. Clinicians must apply caution when EREM is administered even 1 hour after an epidural lidocaine "top-up" for cesarean delivery. Copyright © 2011 International Anesthesia Research Society.
Key factors associated with oral health-related quality of life (OHRQOL) in Hong Kong Chinese adults with orofacial pain$$$ Objectives: To investigate key factors associated with oral health-related quality of life (OHRQOL) of Hong Kong Chinese adults with orofacial pain (OFP) symptoms. Methods: A cross-sectional study was conducted amongst a random sample of registered patients at a primary medical care teaching clinic in Hong Kong. Patients who were aged 35-70 years and had experienced OFP symptoms in the past 1 month were included. The OHRQOL was assessed by the Chinese version of the Oral Health Impact Profile (OHIP-14). A structured questionnaire on OFP symptoms and characteristics in the past 1 month, the depression and non-specific physical symptoms (NPS) scale in the research diagnostic criteria for temporomandibular disorders (RDC/TMD) questionnaire, and questions about professional treatment and dental attendance were administered before a standard clinical assessment. Negative binomial regression with forward stepwise selection was used to investigate key factors associated with the OHIP-14 additive score. Results: The mean OHIP-14 additive score of the 200 participants was 10.1 (SD 9.4). Regression analysis revealed that five independent factors were significantly associated with higher OHIP-14 additive scores (indicating a poorer OHRQOL): a higher pain scale rating in the past 1 month (p = 0.001), OFP clinical classification as musculoligamentous/soft tissue (MST) or dentoalveolar (DA) instead of neurological/vascular (NV) (p < 0.001), more frequent dental attendance (p = 0.008), moderate/severe RDC/TMD depression (p = 0.005) and moderate/severe RDC/TMD NPS with pain (p = 0.003). Conclusion: Various factors were associated with OHRQOL and could have implications for the improvement of OHRQOL in people in the community who have OFP symptoms. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Rehabilitation-Emerging Technologies, Innovative Therapies, and Future Objectives$$$ Stroke is the leading cause of long-term disability. The goal of stroke rehabilitation is to improve recovery in the years after a stroke and to decrease long-term disability. This article, titled "Rehabilitation-Emerging Technologies, Innovative Therapies, and Future Objectives" gives evidence-based information on the type of rehabilitation approaches that are effective to improve functional mobility and to address cognitive impairments. We review the importance of taking a translational approach to neurorehabilitation, considering the interaction of motor and cognitive systems, skilled learned purposeful limb movement, and spatial navigation ability. Known biologic mechanisms of neurorecovery are targeted in relation to technology implemented by members of the multidisciplinary team. Results from proof-of-concept, within subjects, and randomized controlled trials are presented, and the implications for optimal stroke rehabilitation strategies are discussed. Developing clinical practices are highlighted and future research directions are proposed with goals to provide insight on what the next steps are for this burgeoning discipline. © 2011 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc.
Continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy for mood disorders: Review of the literature$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for mood disorders. Continuation ECT (C-ECT) and maintenance ECT (M-ECT) are required for many patients suffering from severe and recurrent forms of mood disorders. This is a review of the literature regarding C- and M-ECT. Methods: We conducted a computerized search using the words continuation ECT, maintenance ECT, depression, mania, bipolar disorder and mood disorders. We report on all articles published in the English language from 1998 to 2009. Results: We identified 32 reports. There were 24 case reports and retrospective reviews on 284 patients. Two of these reports included comparison groups, and 1 had a prospective follow-up in a subset of subjects. There were 6 prospective naturalistic studies and 2 randomized controlled trials. Conclusions: C-ECT and M-ECT are valuable treatment modalities to prevent relapse and recurrence of mood disorders in patients who have responded to an index course of ECT. C-ECT and M-ECT are underused and insufficiently studied despite positive clinical experience of more than 70 years. Studies which are currently under way should allow more definitive recommendations regarding the choice, frequency and duration of C-ECT and M-ECT following acute ECT. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the management of mood disorders$$$ Background: Many trials of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) have used small samples and, therefore, lack power. Here we present an up-to-date meta-analysis of TMS in the treatment of depression. Methods: We searched Medline and Embase from 1996 until 2008 for randomized sham-controlled trials, with patients and investigators blinded to treatment, and outcome measured using a version of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (or similar). We identified 1,789 studies. Thirty-one were suitable for inclusion, with a cumulative sample of 815 active and 716 sham TMS courses. Results: We found a moderately sized effect in favour of TMS [Random Effects Model Hedges' g = 0.64, 95% confidence interval (95% CI) = 0.50-0.79]. The corresponding Pooled Peto Odds Ratio for treatment response (≤50% reduction in depression scores) was 4.1 (95% CI = 2.9-5.9). There was significant variability between study effect sizes. Meta-regressions with relevant study variables did not reveal any predictors of treatment efficacy. Nine studies included follow-up data with an average follow-up time of 4.3 weeks; there was no mean change in depression severity between the end of treatment and follow-up (Hedges' g = -0.02, 95% CI = -0.22 to +0.18) and no heterogeneity in outcome. Discussion: TMS appears to be an effective treatment; however, at 4 weeks' follow-up after TMS, there had been no further change in depression severity. Problems with finding a suitably blind and ineffective placebo condition may have confounded the published effect sizes. If the TMS effect is specific, only further large double-blind randomized controlled designs with systematic exploration of treatment and patient parameters will help to define optimum treatment indications and regimen. Copyright © 2011 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Physical treatments for bipolar disorder: A review of electroconvulsive therapy, stereotactic surgery and other brain stimulation techniques$$$ Background: Despite pharmacological advances, bipolar disorder continues to be difficult to treat. This article reviews the evidence base for the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and other brain stimulation therapies in bipolar disorder. Methods: The evidence base for the efficacy of ECT and transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mania, bipolar depression and mixed affective states was reviewed. Reports on the use of vagus nerve stimulation, stereotaxic surgery, deep brain stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy and transcranial direct current stimulation in treating depression, as well as bipolar disorder were also reviewed. Studies were identified from Medline and Embase database searches. Results: There are a few randomized controlled trials of ECT in mania and bipolar depression, and none in mixed affective states. Nevertheless, such studies consistently reported clinically meaningful efficacy, with a majority of pharmacotherapy resistant patients responding to ECT. Evidence for the use of other brain stimulation therapies in treating bipolar mood states is preliminary and limited. Conclusions: ECT is an effective treatment for acute mania, bipolar depression and mixed affective states and has useful efficacy even in pharmacotherapy-resistant patients. Other brain stimulation techniques may have potential for the treatment of bipolar disorder and should be further researched. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Long-term maintenance of the analgesic effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation in fibromyalgia$$$ We assessed for the first time the long-term maintenance of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)-induced analgesia in patients with chronic widespread pain due to fibromyalgia. Forty consecutive patients were randomly assigned, in a double-blind fashion, to 2 groups: one receiving active rTMS (n = 20) and the other, sham stimulation (n = 20), applied to the left primary motor cortex. The stimulation protocol consisted of 14 sessions: an "induction phase" of 5 daily sessions followed by a "maintenance phase" of 3 sessions a week apart, 3 sessions a fortnight apart, and 3 sessions a month apart. The primary outcome was average pain intensity over the last 24 hours, measured before each stimulation from day 1 to week 21 and at week 25 (1 month after the last stimulation). Other outcomes measured included quality of life, mood and anxiety, and several parameters of motor cortical excitability. Thirty patients completed the study (14 in the sham stimulation group and 16 in the active stimulation group). Active rTMS significantly reduced pain intensity from day 5 to week 25. These analgesic effects were associated with a long-term improvement in items related to quality of life (including fatigue, morning tiredness, general activity, walking, and sleep) and were directly correlated with changes in intracortical inhibition. In conclusion, these results suggest that TMS may be a valuable and safe new therapeutic option in patients with fibromyalgia. The analgesic effects induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex can be maintained over 6 months in patients with fibromyalgia, using monthly stimulation. © 2011 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A randomized, double-blind trial of transcranial electrostimulation in early Parkinson's disease$$$ We studied the effects of noninvasive transcranial electrical stimulation on the motor and psychological symptoms of early Parkinson's disease. Twenty-three subjects were treated with 10 days of placebo versus active treatment and then followed for 14 weeks. Baseline off medication Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale parts I-III was 29.4 ± 10.0. The primary end point, Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale in week 2 following treatment, reduced by 5.3 ± 9.7 for those in active treatment and 7.7 ± 4.8 for those receiving placebo (not significant). Similarly, no significant differences were seen in the Hamilton Anxiety Scale, Geriatric Depression Scale, and Epworth Sleepiness Scale over the duration of the study. The treatment was well tolerated without device-related adverse events. Despite the negative study, nonpharmacological approaches should continue to be pursued in Parkinson's disease, as they are generally well received by patients. © 2011 Movement Disorder Society.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in chronic migraine: A pilot study$$$ Background: Improvements in frequency and severity of migraine attacks were reported in a patient with depression, treated with active transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (rTMS-DLPFC). We performed a pilot double-blind, randomized clinical trial to compare effects of active and placebo rTMSDLPFC in patients with chronic migraine. Methods: Thirteen women diagnosed with chronic migraine were randomized to either active (n=7) or placebo (n=6) sessions of 10Hz rTMS-DLPFC over eight weeks (total, 23 sessions; 1600 pulses per session). The primary endpoint was the percentage of responders (showing at least 50% decrease in the number of pain days). Secondary outcomes were: number of pain days and pain severity in the past month. Outcomes were evaluated at baseline, after 1 and 2 months of treatment. Results: One patient in the active group and one patient in the placebo group dropped out after the first week of treatment. In intent-to-treat analysis, 1/7 (14.3%) patients in the active and 1/6 (16.7%) in the placebo groups responded to 1 month of treatment. At 2 months, 3/6 (50%) of patients in the placebo group, and none of the patients in the active group responded. The number of days with pain decreased significantly in patients in the placebo group, and pain severity decreased significantly in patients in the active group after 2 months, but not after 1 month of treatment. Conclusions: The results of this pilot study indicate strong placebo effects of rTMS-DLPFC in chronic migraine, that deserve further investigation in a larger trial.
Geriatric Bipolar Disorder$$$ Because the elderly are the fastest growing segment of the population, the number of older adults with bipolar disorder is increasing. Geriatric bipolar disorder is relatively rare, with an estimated lifetime prevalence of 0.5% to 1%, although approximately 4% to 17% of older patients in clinical psychiatric settings have bipolar disorder. Bipolar elders are disproportionately affected by medical burden. Given the complex nature of this disorder, comorbidity, and behavioral disturbances, various interventions may be indicated, including pharmacotherapies, electroconvulsive therapy, psychotherapies, and integrated care models. Additional research is needed to better understand the epidemiology, phenomenology, and treatment of geriatric bipolar disorder. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Late-life Depression: Evidence-based Treatment and Promising New Directions for Research and Clinical Practice$$$ As the population ages, successive cohorts of older adults will experience depressive disorders. Late-life depression (LLD) carries additional risk for suicide, medical comorbidity, disability, and family caregiving burden. Although response and remission rates to pharmacotherapy and electroconvulsive therapy are comparable with those in midlife depression, relapse rates are higher, underscoring the challenge to achieve and maintain wellness. This article reviews the evidence base for LLD treatment options and provides an analysis of treatment options for difficult-to-treat LLD variants (eg, psychotic depression, vascular depression). Treatment algorithms are also reviewed based on predictors of response and promising novel treatment options. © 2011 Elsevier Inc.
Blinding success of rTMS applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in randomised sham-controlled trials: A systematic review$$$ Objectives. The lack of a suitable sham condition for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) research may compromise the success of blinding procedures. The aim of this systematic review was to examine the reporting of blinding success in randomised sham-controlled trials (RCTs) of rTMS applied to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Methods. A literature search using Pubmed and Web of Science was conducted to identify RCTs of rTMS. Regression analyses were used to investigate whether participants in the real and sham rTMS groups differed in (1) their ability to correctly guess to which intervention they had been randomised, and (2) how likely they were to think they had received real rTMS. Results. Thirteen out of 96 (13.5%) RCTs reported blinding success. Available data from 9/13 studies showed that participants in real and sham rTMS groups were not significantly different in their ability to correctly guess their intervention allocation, but with a trend for participants in the real group to more often guess correctly. However, people in the real rTMS groups were significantly more likely to think they had received real rTMS compared with those in sham rTMS groups. Conclusions. Few RCTs in rTMS report on blinding success. As current sham methods may inadequately mimic real rTMS, this could result in only partial success of blinding and bias estimations of treatment effects. © 2011 Informa Healthcare.
Differential actions of antidepressant treatments on cardiac autonomic alterations in depression: A prospective comparison$$$ Background: Patients with depression have higher rates of cardiac morbidity and mortality. Alterations of cardiac autonomic functions associated with depression may partly explain this. Prospective studies comparing the effects of antidepressants on these abnormalities are limited due to confounding factors and co-morbidities. Methods: Cardiac autonomic functions were studied in antidepressant naïve patients with major depression (without co-morbid medical or psychiatric disorders) before and after treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS; n = 30), specific serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs; n = 32) and tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs; n = 32). Conventional autonomic function tests and time- and frequency-domain measures of heart rate variability (HRV) were measured using standard procedures. Changes in autonomic functions were compared across the three treatment groups using repeated measures analysis of variance (ANOVA) using sex and age as covariates. Results: Depression improved by comparable extent across patients treated with the three treatments. Overall, there was no change in cardiac autonomic functions. However, significant group × occasion interactions were noted for HRV measures. Both time- and frequency-domain HRV measures showed increase with rTMS and decrease with TCAs; they remained virtually unchanged with SSRIs. Limitations: One of the major limitations of our work being we could not randomize the treatment groups. Conclusions: The effects of antidepressant treatments on cardiac autonomic function abnormalities found in depression vary with the mode of treatment used. Long-term clinical implications of these effects on cardiac health of patients with depression need further studies. © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
Treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background As a treatment of depression, the efficacy of conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is limited, and symptoms recurrence is easy to occur after the treatment. This study aimed to examine the efficacy and safety of sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive rTMS (SEM-rTMS) in the treatment of depression. Methods After 7 days without psychoactive medication, 164 patients with clinically defined depression were randomly divided into 3 groups: SEM-rTMS group (n=57), conventional rTMS (C-rTMS, n=55) group and sham-rTMS group (n=52). Every patient was treated with the corresponding method for 30 minutes everyday for 10 days. Before and after scores on the 24-item Hamilton rating scale for depression (HAMD-24) and the clinical outcome on the 10th day of therapy for all subjects were analyzed. Results Twenty-two cases in the SEM-rTMS group obtained improved mood as compared to 6 in the C-rTMS group and 2 in the sham-rTMS group (χ2=15.89, P=0.0004). After completion of the rTMS phase of the protocol, a (51±5)% reduction of HAMD-24 scores from the baseline in the SEM-rTMS group was found compared with a (34±4)% in the C-rTMS group (q=26.09, P=0.001) and a (14±3)% in sham-rTMS group (q=57.53, P=0.000). The 88% total effective rate in the SEM-rTMS group was significantly higher than 68% in the C-rTMS group and 20% in the sham-rTMS group (χ2=12.01, P=0.0025). No significant side effects were noted. Conclusion SEM-rTMS is an effective and safe way for treating depression with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (ChiCTR-TRC-00000438).
A randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant major depression.$$$ Although several studies have reported that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment has demonstrable efficacy in patients with depression, the parameters needed to optimize therapeutic efficacy remain unclear. To this end we determined the efficacy of low-frequency right rTMS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) compared to two forms of bilateral rTMS to the DLPFC: (1) sequential low-frequency right-sided followed by high-frequency left-sided rTMS and (2) sequential low-frequency rTMS to both hemispheres. A total of 219 patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD) were randomized to a 4-week course of rTMS applied with one of the three treatment conditions. Outcomes were assessed with standard rating scales. Overall, slightly more than 50% of the patients achieved clinical response criteria. There was no substantial difference in response between the unilateral and bilateral treatment groups. Successful response to rTMS was predicted by a greater degree of baseline depression severity. There is no substantial difference in efficacy between unilateral right-sided rTMS and the two forms of bilateral rTMS assessed in the study. Furthermore, our results call into question the specificity between frequency and laterality and rTMS response.
Cognitive, mood, and electroencephalographic effects of noninvasive cortical stimulation with weak electrical currents$$$ OBJECTIVES: The use of noninvasive cortical electrical stimulation with weak currents has significantly increased in basic and clinical human studies. Initial, preliminary studies with this technique have shown encouraging results; however, the safety and tolerability of this method of brain stimulation have not been sufficiently explored yet. The purpose of our study was to assess the effects of direct current (DC) and alternating current (AC) stimulation at different intensities in order to measure their effects on cognition, mood, and electroencephalogram. METHODS: Eighty-two healthy, right-handed subjects received active and sham stimulation in a randomized order. We conducted 164 ninety-minute sessions of electrical stimulation in 4 different protocols to assess safety of (1) anodal DC of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC); (2) cathodal DC of the DLPFC; (3) intermittent anodal DC of the DLPFC and; (4) AC on the zygomatic process. We used weak currents of 1 to 2 mA (for DC experiments) or 0.1 to 0.2 mA (for AC experiment). RESULTS: We found no significant changes in electroencephalogram, cognition, mood, and pain between groups and a low prevalence of mild adverse effects (0.11% and 0.08% in the active and sham stimulation groups, respectively), mainly, sleepiness and mild headache that were equally distributed between groups. CONCLUSIONS: Here, we show no neurophysiological or behavioral signs that transcranial DC stimulation or AC stimulation with weak currents induce deleterious changes when comparing active and sham groups. This study provides therefore additional information for researchers and ethics committees, adding important results to the safety pool of studies assessing the effects of cortical stimulation using weak electrical currents. Further studies in patients with neuropsychiatric disorders are warranted. © 2011 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Stimulus pulse-frequency-dependent efficacy and cognitive adverse effects of ultrabrief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression$$$ BACKGROUND: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for major depression. New ECT devices with shorter pulse widths seem to induce seizures more effectively at a lower seizure threshold and with fewer cognitive adverse effects. Suprathreshold right unilateral (RUL) ultrabrief-pulse ECT with pulse widths between 0.25 and 0.30 millisecond seem to be especially effective with regard to efficacy and cognitive adverse effects. A lower pulse frequency (50 pulses per second) in RUL ECT was found to be more efficient than a higher pulse frequency (200 pulses per second) in inducing seizures. However, effective stimulus dose can often be achieved only with high stimulus frequency, whereas the impact of increased stimulus frequency on antidepressant efficacy and cognitive adverse effects is not known. METHODS: Forty patients with major depression according to Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition were randomly assigned to 2 groups of 20 patients each and stimulated with either 40 or 100 Hz with equal initial stimulus doses in 9 sessions of suprathreshold RUL ultrabrief-pulse ECT. Depressive symptoms and measures of verbal and working memory were assessed for both groups. RESULTS: Patients in the 40-Hz condition showed significantly more improvement in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores compared with patients in the 100-Hz condition after 9 ECT sessions. Frequency group had no significant impact on measures of verbal and working memory. CONCLUSIONS: Within the discussed limitations, our preliminary data suggest an advantage for administering stimulus dose in suprathreshold RUL ultrabrief-pulse ECT with a lower stimulus frequency (40 Hz) as compared with a higher frequency (100 Hz). Further studies are needed to assess whether increasing pulse widths or frequency is the better option for augmenting stimulus dose once other stimulus parameters are at a maximum. © 2011 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Health-related quality of life in a clinical trial of ECT followed by continuation pharmacotherapy: Effects immediately after ECT and at 24 weeks$$$ OBJECTIVE: To examine the determinants of health-related quality of life (HRQOL) immediately after a clinical trial of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for major depression and then again after 24 weeks of a continuation pharmacotherapy in a clinical trial comparing nortriptyline (NT) plus lithium (Li) versus venlafaxine (VEN) plus Li. METHOD: During acute ECT, 184 patients randomized to treatment with moderate-dosage bilateral (BL) ECT or high-dosage right unilateral (RUL) ECT completed the Medical Outcomes Study Short Form-36 (SF-36) as a measure of HRQOL before and immediately after ECT. They were also randomized to concurrent treatment with placebo, NT, or VEN. Seventy-four of these met remission criteria and agreed to be further randomized to 24 more weeks of VEN + Li versus NT + Li for relapse prevention and completed a final SF-36. Cognitive testing was also completed. RESULTS: Scores from SF-36 were low before ECT, and the SF-36 subscales reflecting mental health were particularly low. Right unilateral electrode placement was associated with better SF-36 scores immediately after ECT, even after controlling for improvement in depression. Medication assignment during ECT (VEN, NT, or placebo) was not related to immediate HRQOL outcome, and cognitive performance was not related to immediate HRQOL. Remission immediately after ECT was associated with robust improvement in SF-36 scores compared with those who did not remit. Remission status remained a strong predictor of HRQOL 24 weeks after ECT, and sustained remitters showed additional gains in HRQOL 24 weeks after ECT. Electrode placement and medication assignment were not predictors at 24 weeks. CONCLUSIONS: Using state-of-the-art delivery of acute ECT and continuation antidepressant medication, HRQOL improves remarkably after ECT, and this improvement shows further gains with those persons who sustain remission. Health-related QOL is superior with RUL versus BL ECT in the immediate post-ECT period, but at 24-weeks HRQOL has absent or inconsistent relationship with mode of ECT delivery or type of continuation antidepressant pharmacotherapy. © 2011 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
The efficacy of a novel approach to transversus abdominis plane block for postoperative analgesia after colorectal surgery$$$ BACKGROUND: The analgesic efficacy of transversus abdominis plane (TAP) block has been established for patients undergoing abdominal surgery. We evaluated the efficacy of a novel approach to TAP block for postoperative analgesia after colorectal surgery. METHODS: Forty adult ASA physical status I to III patients undergoing colorectal surgery were recruited to this double-blind randomized controlled trial. A standard general anesthetic technique was used. TAP block was performed at the end of surgery by piercing the transversus abdominis muscle from inside the abdominal wall at the midaxillary line at the level of the umbilicus with a 22-gauge blunt needle. The patients were randomly assigned to receive either 20 mL of 0.25%bupivacaine (TAP group) or normal saline (control group) on each side of the abdominal wall. Each patient was assessed at 0, 0.5, 1, 2, 4, 8, 12, and 24 hours postoperatively for pain at rest and on coughing using a visual analog scale. IV morphine was used for postoperative rescue analgesia. Time to first request for rescue analgesia, total morphine requirement in 24 hours, cumulative morphine consumption at 2, 4, 6, 12, and 24 hours, and adverse effects (respiratory depression, sedation, nausea/vomiting) were recorded. RESULTS: A 65% decrease in 24-hour total morphine consumption was observed in the TAP group compared with the control group (P < 0.0001). The cumulative morphine requirement was also significantly lower in the TAP group at all time points. Although the time to first request for morphine was comparable, the subsequent doses of morphine were required at significantly longer time intervals in the TAP group than in the control group. TAP group patients had significantly lower pain scores at rest and on coughing as compared with the control group, at all time points assessed. The incidence of sedation was also less in the TAP group at 1, 2, 4, and 6 hours postoperatively (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This new approach to the TAP block provides effective postoperative analgesia after colorectal surgery. Copyright © 2011 International Anesthesia Research Society.
Clinical trial design in non-invasive brain stimulation psychiatric research$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) trials - investigating either non-pharmacological or pharmacological interventions - have shown mixed results. Many reasons explain this heterogeneity, but one that stands out is the trial design due to specific challenges in the field. We aimed therefore to review the methodology of non-invasive brain stimulation (NIBS) trials and provide a framework to improve clinical trial design. We performed a systematic review for randomized, controlled MDD trials whose intervention was transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) or transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in MEDLINE and other databases from April 2002 to April 2008. We created an unstructured checklist based on CONSORT guidelines to extract items such as power analysis, sham method, blinding assessment, allocation concealment, operational criteria used for MDD, definition of refractory depression and primary study hypotheses. Thirty-one studies were included. We found that the main methodological issues can be divided in to three groups: (1) issues related to phase II/small trials, (2) issues related to MDD trials and, (3) specific issues of NIBS studies. Taken together, they can threaten study validity and lead to inconclusive results. Feasible solutions include: estimating the sample size a priori; measuring the degree of refractoriness of the subjects; specifying the primary hypothesis and statistical tests; controlling predictor variables through stratification randomization methods or using strict eligibility criteria; adjusting the study design to the target population; using adaptive designs and exploring NIBS efficacy employing biological markers. In conclusion, our study summarizes the main methodological issues of NIBS trials and proposes a number of alternatives to manage them. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of refractory auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia$$$ Introduction: As 25-30% of patients with schizophrenia present refractory hallucinations to antipsychotic drugs, complementary therapeutics are needed. These auditory verbal hallucinations (AH) are associated with hyperactivity of the left temporoparietal cortex (TPG) or with a disruption between this region and the prefrontal cortex. Based on these findings, we used a non-invasive neurostimulation technique, transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), to modulate cortical excitability of these areas. Objective: The aim of this study was to investigate the efficacy of tDCS on AH and to assess its impact on other schizophrenic symptoms. Method: Twenty-two patients with schizophrenia and medication-resistantAH were randomly allocated to receive 20 minutes of active 2mA tDCS or sham stimulation twice a day during 5 consecutive working days. The anode electrode was placed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) and the cathode electrode located over left TPG. Results: AH were robustly improved by tDCS relative to sham stimulation, with a 32% diminution on AHRS scores after treatment (d = 2.23; p< 0.001), 40% after 1 month and 46% after 3 months. We also reported a large effect of tDCS on schizophrenic symptoms measured by PANSS (d=1.46; p <0.001) negative dimension (d=1.25) and positive dimension (d=1.00), a medium effect on depression (d=0.74), disorganisation (d=0.61) and mania (d = 0.60). Conclusion: These preliminary results showing the interest of the tDCS as a new multimodal treatment of the resistant schizophrenic symptoms are extremely promising.
Pain relief by deep repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied with the H-coil$$$ Introduction: The aim of the present project is to apply repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the leg motor area by using a H-coil in order to obtain pain relief. The H-coil is an improved coil which may easily target the leg motor area with intensities lower than the commonly used circular on figure-of-eight coils. Objectives: 20 patients (12 men, mean age 70.1±7.0 years) with diabetic chronic neuropathic pain are be enrolled in a double-blind placebo-controlled cross-over study protocol. Methods: Subjects are be randomly assigned to start the study with the sham or real stimulation. In each subject sham and real stimulation will be applied with a time interval of 1 month. Real stimulation will be applied over the leg primary motor area in 30 consecutive trains of 50 stimuli delivered at 20Hz, at 100% of motor threshold, separated by intertrain intervals of 30 seconds. Sham stimulation is performed with a sham coil. Results: The effects of rTMS (real vs sham) on pain relief are be evaluated through subjective reports by using the VAS, DN IV, NPSI, MMPI, McGill Pain Questionnaire, Beck Depression Inventory and objective assessment by using the LEP and the RIII reflex. At baseline patients referred a similar subjective pain sensation in both real and sham sessions (VAS range pre real 3-8.5, pre sham 3-9.5; mean±SD pre real 5.3±2.0, pre sham 5.6±2.5). One way ANOVA analysis on the VAS values showed a significant decrease of pain sensation after real stimulation (F(2.16) = 4.04; p < 0.03), bur not after sham stimulation (F(2.16)=0.36; p = 0.7). Conclusions: Based on this observation, the deep brain stimulation, epidural and transcranial motor cortex stimulation modulating pain perception through indirect neural networks, have been applied for treatment of drug-resistant neuropathic pain in humans.
Noninvasive cortical stimulation for motor and non-motor features of PSP and CBD$$$ Introduction: We investigated the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on corticomotor excitability (CE), motor behavior, and mood in patients with progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP) and corticobasal degeneration (CBD). Repetitive TMS has not been investigated systematically in PSP or CBD patients. PSP and CBD share bradykinetic-rigid features of Parkinson's disease. PSP and CBD show a high incidence of frontal dysfunction and depression; CBD is dominated by asymmetric limb apraxia and dystonia. Objectives: We hypothesized that rTMS over primary motor cortex (M1-rTMS) would affect CE and motor behavior while rTMS over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC-rTMS) would affect mood. Patients were randomized to receive M1-rTMS, DLPFC-rTMS, or sham-rTMS at 90% motor threshold in 3 sessions with assessments before vs. after stimulation. 5 CBD patients received 1 Hz-rTMS (for dystonia) and 10 PSP patients received 5Hz-rTMS (for akinesia-rigidity) over M1 contralateral to the more symptomatic limb. All patients received 5 Hz-rTMS over left DLPFC. Methods: CE was assessed with resting motor thresholds (rMT) and motor evoked potential amplitudes (MEP); motor behavior assessed with maximal (MAX) and comfortable (COM) tapping speed; mood assessed with visual analog scales. Results: (1) In PSP, 5Hz rTMS over M1 did not improve tapping speeds, (2) rTMS over left DLPFC showed a trend towards improvement of overall wellness (p=0.07, 2-tailed), a protocol comparable with rTMS use for depression, (3) rTMS over M1 in PSP did not significantly modify MEP amplitude. We found no significant differences in rMT in PSP patients vs healthy controls; CBD patients may have higher motor thresholds compared to healthy controls (p = 0.028), but was limited in CBD patients due to high rMT. Conclusions: These preliminary results provide support to further explore high-frequency left DLPFC rTMS for affective symptoms. Higher frequency rTMS over M1 or higher intensity stimulation may be needed to demonstrate changes in CE. Alternative strategies for addressing high rMT in CBD patients may be needed for applying rTMS.
Effects of high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied with H-coil for chronic migraine prophylaxis$$$ Introduction: Chronic migraine (CM) is a disabling condition. It is a challenging therapeutic problem since prophylactic drugs often have inadequate response or unacceptable side effects. A few pilot studies have explored the possibility of applying Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in migraine for acute or chronic treatment with controversial results. Objectives: To evaluate rTMS efficacy (decrease in migraine attacks, days of headache, analgesic intake, headache duration and intensity, associated symptoms, quality of life improvement) and tolerability in CM. Methods: Twenty patients, 18-65 years, affected by CM according to IHS criteria, resistant to > 3 prophylactic drugs, clinically stable for 3 months, participate to the study. Exclusion criteria are: co-morbidity for epilepsy, other neurological or psychiatric disease or contraindications to rTMS. All subjects sign informed consent approved by S. Raffaele Ethic Committee. The trial is designed as a randomized, double-blind study for parallel groups (real rTMS versus sham rTMS). An interim analysis will be done as the 20th patient completes the study. rTMS is applied to the prefrontal areas at an intensity of 110% of motor threshold and a frequency of 20 Hz. Treatment consists of 20 series of 2-second trains per session separated by 30-second pause. Stimulation period lasts 6 weeks (3 rTMS sessions per week) with follow-up at 4, 8 and 12 weeks to assess long-term effects. CM is evaluated through headache diary, MIDAS scale, HHT, SF-36 and interviews; Beck Depression Inventory Scale outline concomitant depressive state. Results: Results of interim analysis will be presented. Conclusion: High-frequency rTMS in prefrontal areas may be able to modulate the activity of cortico-subcortical and cortico-cortical pathways involved in pain control. The use of rTMS could be a major step forward in CM treatment particularly in patients where available drugs are ineffective, poorly tolerated or contraindicated.
Modulation of premotor GABAergic circuits in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) via transcranial magnetic stimulation: Evidence from magnetic resonance spectroscopy$$$ Introduction: Impaired function of the Gamma Amino Butyric Acid (GABA) system is thought to play an important role in anxiety disorders, including Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD). Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) measures of cortical excitability showed deficient inhibition in OCD. We previously reported that low-frequency repetitive TMS (rTMS) to the pre-Supplementary Motor Area (SMA) had significant benefit in treatment-resistant OCD and normalized baseline motor cortex hyperexcitability. Objectives: Here we tested in open-label fashion whether rTMS clinical effects were associated with enhanced GABA levels in the stimulated areas of the brain. Methods: In 5 OCD patients who received 4 weeks of MRI-guided rTMS (1-Hz @ 110% of resting Motor Threshold/1800 pulses/day) to the pre-SMA, we assessed clinical symptoms and concentrations of Glutamate/Glutamine (Glx) and GABA metabolites in the pre-SMA and anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) using Magnetic Resonance Spectroscopy (MRS) with the J-edited spin-echo difference method before and after treatment. Results: Repeated measures ANOVA revealed significant changes in self reported OCD symptoms (p=.002), with an average improvement of 30% on the Yale Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale-Self Report. Patients showed significant reductions in depression (p=.000), clinical global impression (p = .021), and a significant improvement in the Sheehan Disability Scale (p = .002). Paired sample t-test showed significant increase of baseline GABA levels in the pre-SMA (p=.044). Conclusions: The clinical outcome observed in this open-label pilot study are consistent with those found in our previous randomized controlled trial of rTMS to the SMA, and support the value of MRI guidance to enhance clinical efficacy of rTMS. The MRS data confirm that inhibiting cortical excitability via low-frequency rTMS to the pre-SMA leads to an increase of GABA at the site of stimulation, and point towards the important role of inhibitory pathways in mediating symptoms expression in treatment-resistant OCD. These suggestive open-label results will be followed up in a subsequent sham-controlled trial.
The consecutive effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on motor and non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease$$$ Introduction: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been reported to be clinically effective for motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease (PD). However, the number of such rTMS cases were few, and the appropriate stimulation parameters and target of rTMS have not been established. Objective: In this prospective study, the aim is to assess the effects of high frequent rTMS (consecutive three days) of primary motor cortex (M1) on motor and non-motor symptoms of PD. And we will report the overall efficacy of rTMS on PD. Methods: We performed rTMS consecutively for three days on patients with PD and assessed the effects of rTMS on motor and non-motor symptoms. We have performed rTMS of M1 (100% RMT, 10Hz, 1,000 pulses per session) for three consecutive days on 15 patients with PD since 2009, and employed a double blind crossover comparison of real and sham stimulations. The PD patients were 8 male and 7 female, and the age ranged from 42 to 72. We analyzed the motor effects of rTMS using UPDRS, motor symptom self-assessment score, Visual analogue scale (VAS), gait evaluation and quantitative finger tapping measurements, and we analyzed the non-motor effects of rTMS using the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) and Apathy Scale. This study was approved by ethical committee of Osaka University Hospital. Results: There were no adverse events in this study. With concern to motor symptoms, UPDRS, VAS, self-assessment scores and finger tapping measurements for the real rTMS were significantly improved when compared with those of the sham rTMS (p < 0.05). On the other hand, measures of non-motor symptoms did not significantly differ between real rTMS and sham rTMS. Conclusions: These findings suggested that 10 Hz rTMS of M1 (consecutive three days) significantly improve motor symptoms and there are no adverse events in patients with PD. We will discuss the safety and effectiveness of consecutive rTMS treatment.
Why cannot TMS be clinically effective?$$$ Nearly two decades of research into antidepressant effectiveness of TMS have shown that although it is significantly more effective than placebo (bearing in mind that formally it is impossible to provide the conditions for a genuine placebo and blind tests), its actual clinical effectiveness of this method is not high and the therapeutic effect itself is short-lived. Certain therapeutic effectiveness of non-convulsive methods like VNS or DBS indicates that triggering of seizure activity is not a necessary condition of effectiveness of physical methods. It seems important to direct the subliminal stimulus not so much to the areas controlling the mood and emotions as to the metabolically disturbed structures in the patient's brain during an episode of depression. Hence the administrative choice of the LDLPFC area as the most frequent target of TMS in the studies on its antidepressant action seems wrong. Although LDLPFC area is the structure responsible for cortical control of emotional processes, this does not mean that it is disturbed in every patient with depression. Stimulation of metabolically undisturbed LDLPFC area seems to be little effective (or ineffective; from the point of view of neurophysiology penetration of the stimulus is more effective when it stimulates the deep structures of the brain and not the cortex areas). We could expect improved effectiveness of TMS in the cases making use of functional neuroimaging technique to identify the metabolically disturbed area of the brain which would later be subjected to TMS. TMS could be administered to the patients with dysfunctions of the dorsolateral areas. However, the patients with dysfunctions on the medial and basal surfaces of the brain hemispheres or in the deep structures would be excluded from TMS since these areas are inaccessible for transcranial magnetic stimulation. Moreover, neuroimaging should also identify the kind of metabolic disturbance (hyper- or hypoactivity), which would allow for selection of an adequate frequencies of stimulation (high or low frequency, which evoke different biological effects: inhibition or activation respectively). Due to the focal action of TMS it would be necessary to use neuronavigation in order to achieve topographical precision of stimulation. Use of various supportive methods could increase the effectiveness of TMS, but the technique would become costly, unfriendly for the users and accessible for few research centers. On the other hand, however, refraining from application of the supportive methods results in little effectiveness of TMS.
Pharmacological versus electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant bipolar disorder depression: Study protocol of a randomized controlled trial$$$ Introduction: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is considered to be the most effective in treatment resistant bipolar depression (BD) even though there are no randomized controlled trials. The safety of ECT is well documented, but there are controversies regarding the cognitive side effects. The main aim of this study is to compare the effects and side effects of ECT and pharmacological treatment in treatment resistant BD. Secondary aims are comparison of changes in cognitive function and quality of life. Methods: A six - weeks randomised controlled multi-centre trial comparing pharmacological treatment and ECT. The ECT group receives three sessions weekly up to six weeks, the control group algorithm-based pharmacological treatment. Follow up visit at 26 weeks or until remission (max 52 weeks). Cognitive function is assessed with a neuropsychological test battery sensitive to change before and after the six week trial and six months after treatment. Setting: Nine acute psychiatric departments organised in the Bipolar Research and Innovation Network, Norway (NORBRAIN). Sample: 132 patients ≥18 years fulfilling criteria for treatment resistant BD, MADRS score ≥ 25 at baseline. Results: Six departments have included 71 patients since start in May 2008. Discussion: This is the first randomized controlled trial comparing ECT and pharmacological treatment in BD. The study is initiated, designed, conducted and funded by the participating psychiatric departments.
An open rTMS study: Effectiveness and tolerance of iTBS parameters with neuronavigated targeting in bipolar depression$$$ Introduction: Pharmacological and psychotherapeutic strategies validated in the treatment of bipolar depression are not always sufficient to achieve clinical remission. The use of ECT is today the only effective alternative in treating acute bipolar disease after failure of other strategies. During past decades, rTMS has shown moderate efficacy in resistant depression, but few studies focused on the specific context of bipolar depression. However, this could be a promising alternative technique, in addition to mood stabilizers, in treating the depressive phases of the disease. The limitations of rTMS studies in depression are well known: - Heterogeneity of treated populations and small samples; - Empirical localization of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex; - Smaller duration and intensity of stimulation, especially in efficiency studies performed until 2005 Method: The rationale for selection of iTBS parameters is based on Huang's trial (Huang et al. 2005), which showed more robust results on the motor cortex, in terms of intensity and duration of effect, than the classical frequency variation (high versus low). Furthermore, we have used a TMS-dedicated neuronavigation tool in order to target the left DLPF cortex on 3DT1 MRI. Intermittent TBS protocol was delivered twice daily during sessions of 990 pulses over the left DLPF cortex (trains of 2 seconds, delivering a burst of three pulses at 50 Hz every 200 milliseconds, followed by 8 seconds periods of inter trains). The duration of each session of stimulation is 5 minutes and 30 seconds, delivered at 80% of motor threshold (determined by MEP). The patients received thus two sessions, separated by 3 hours, for 1 to 4 weeks (10 to 40 sessions in total) depending on the clinical response. Allowed adjuvant therapies were the usual mood stabilizers for each patient, monitored by plasma levels. Antidepressants, as well as benzodiazepines, have been previously discontinued, and only Cyamemazine and Hydroxyzine were still allowed. Results: This open study of effectiveness and tolerance has been conducted on six depressed bipolar patients. Four patients completed the study with clinical remission (MADRS <8) after 1 to 4 weeks of TMS treatment. Two showed no improvement after 4 weeks of TMS. None of them displayed mood changes during treatment. Tolerance of treatment was satisfactory for all patients, equivalent to that reported in the literature when using the classic high or low frequencies rTMS. Conclusion: Our preliminary study showed the efficacy and safety of intensive iTBS parameters. The method of targeting DLPF on 3DT1 MRI using a neuronavigation tool is simple to implement and allows excellent reproducibility of the modulation treatment administered by the nursing staff after having the settings (choice of protocol, cortical target, motor threshold determination by MEP) determined by a medical doctor. Our results suggest that depression's severity may be a significant response predicting factor, as the non respondent patients were highly depressed (MADRS > 30). Thus the severity degree of the depression should be considered for the inclusion criteria in future TMS studies. This preliminary study will be continued within a large multicenter randomized double blind against placebo study (n=80), validated by health authorities. All participant centers use neuronavigation MRI tools and iTBS parameters as defined in this open study.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the motor cortex in the treatment of chronic low back pain: A randomised, double-blind study$$$ Purpose: This exploratory study aimed to test whether active anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) applied to the motor cortex reduces pain more than sham stimulation does, in people with chronic non-specific low back pain. Relevance: Evidence points to alterations in brain structure and function and abnormalities in sensory processing in people with chronic low back pain (Wand, B.M., Parkitny, L., O'Connell, N.E., Luomajoki, H., McAuley, J.H., Thacker, M., et al., 2010. Cortical changes in chronic low back pain: current state of the art and implications for clinical practice. Manual Therapy, 6-11.). Several clinical studies suggest that tDCS may be an effective treatment for chronic pain.Arecent Cochrane review (O'Connell, N.E., Wand, B.M., Marston, L., Spencer, S., DeSouza, L.H., 2010. Non-invasive brain stimulation for chronic pain in adults Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, 9, CD008209.) concluded that tDCS applied to the motor cortex may have analgesic effects, but that there is insufficient evidence to draw strong conclusions. Participants: A sample of eight people (mean (SD) age = 45 (10); 7 females) with chronic non-specific low back pain participated. Methods: The study utilised a within-subjects sham-controlled, interrupted time series design with randomised multiple baselines. Following 3 days of baseline measures, participants entered a 15 days experimental period (Mondays to Fridays) for 3 consecutive weeks. During this period each participant received sham stimulation daily until a randomly allocated day when active stimulation was commenced. Active stimulation was then given daily for the remaining days of the experimental period. The primary outcomes were average pain intensity and unpleasantness in the last 24 hours measured using a visual analogue scale (VAS). Secondary outcomes were self reported disability, depression and anxiety, a battery of cognitive tests to monitor for unwanted effects of stimulation and the participant's perception of whether they received active or sham treatment. Analysis: Data were analysed using generalised estimating equations modelling. Results: All participants completed the study. No significant difference was seen in the primary outcomes between active and sham stimulation (average pain intensity p = 0.821, unpleasantness p = 0.937), nor in any other clinical variables. There was some evidence that some participants may have been able to distinguish between the active and sham conditions (p = 0.035). Conclusions: Our results suggest that tDCS is not more effective in reducing chronic low back pain than sham tDCS. Implications: With comparable stimulation characteristics and statistical power, we detected no effect where others have reported sometimes strong effects of tDCS. Perhaps CLBP is less responsive to tDCS than other types of chronic pain. Alternatively, the sham treatments used in previous studies may not have been optimal.
Electroconvulsive treatment and new techniques of electrical and magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression - Question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems$$$ Testing new therapeutic methods requires the confirmation so their efficacy, application and their safety. So that the specific and subjective factors do not influence the evaluation, it is necessary to assure suitable conditions - enclosing carrying out of the investigations in control to placebo and providing blinding conditions. In the case of pharmacological investigations it is possible and necessary to fulfil the most raw investigation criteria. Examinations of physical methods meet essential obstacles by granting of these criteria. The paper describes these impediments and methodological difficulties which accompany investigations on the following techniques: electroconvulsive treatment ECT, nerve vagus stimulation NVS, magnetic seizure therapy MST / magnetoconvulsive therapy MCT, the deep brain stimulation DBS and trancranial direct current stimulation tDCS.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment of depression - Question of placebo and warranting of blind conditions, as well as other methodological problems$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation TMS is the first new physical technique used since 1993 in investigations on their antidepressant efficacy. Literature investigations show, that the majority of clinical investigations were carried out in the control to placebo and were double-blinded. The lack of a possibility of obtaining the true placebo conditions causes, that the terms of double blinding, as declared by different authors are less credible. TMS stimulation does not allow even single-blinding of clinical investigations.
Treatment-resistant depression: No panacea, many uncertainties - Adverse effects are a major factor in treatment choice$$$ • At least 50% of patients with depression do not enter remission after several weeks of antidepressant therapy. To determine the treatment options and their respective risk-benefit balances in this setting, we reviewed the literature using the standard Prescrire methodology. • Clinical trials and epidemiological studies show that depression should only be considered drug-resistant after at least 6 weeks of therapy. • After assessing residual symptoms and their impact on the patient's quality of life, a search should be made for factors responsible for the persistence of depression, such as the patient's environment, a psychiatric or somatic disorder, and drug intake or addiction. • Increasing the dose of the first-line antidepressant is only based on weak evidence. • Trials comparing continuing the first-line antidepressant versus switching to another pharmacological class have yielded conflicting results. A switch may benefit some patients, but the elimination half-life of the discontinued drug must be taken into account to limit the risk of interactions during the transition. • Combining two antidepressants mainly increases the risk of adverse effects, without a tangible clinical benefit. • Two meta-analyses suggest that adding a so-called atypical neuroleptic to ongoing antidepressant therapy leads to 1 extra remission per 7 to 10 treated patients, but also to treatment cessation due to adverse effects in 8% to 9% of cases. Older neuroleptics have not been properly evaluated in this setting. • Comparative trials suggest that lithium may have a certain antidepressant effect in this setting, but there is no firm evidence that adding lithium increases the chances of remission. Lithium has a narrow therapeutic margin and overdose can be fatal; the blood lithium concentration must therefore be monitored. • Adding an antiepileptic or a psychostimulant is more harmful than beneficial. Adding a thyroid hormone, a benzodiazepine, buspirone or pindolol has no proven antidepressive effect. • Four trials, each including fewer than 20 patients, have assessed the efficacy of psychotherapy in patients with treatment-resistant depression. Two of them provided positive results. • Electroconvulsive therapy is probably effective for some patients with refractory depression but it necessitates general anaesthesia and carries a risk of memory disorders. • Vagal nerve electrostimulation has no proven efficacy. • Transcranial magnetic stimulation seems to have some efficacy and few adverse effects, but its optimal modalities remain to be determined. • In practice, when the patient and doctor decide to attempt second-line therapy for treatment-resistant depression, adverse effects must be taken into account in the choice of drug(s). Maintaining a good quality relationship between patient and doctor may be more important than attempting to obtain remission "at any cost". ©Review prepared and translated by the Prescrire Editorial Staff.
[Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with antidepressant medication in treatment of first-episode patients with major depression].$$$ To assess the early therapeutic and cognitive effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) combined with antidepressant medication in treatment of first-episode patients with major depression. Sixty first-episode depressed inpatients aged 18-45 y, who met the DSM-IV clinical criteria for major depressive episode were randomly assigned to citalopram treatment (20 mg/d) in combination with a two-week period of either rTMS (study group)or sham procedure (control group) on left dorsal-lateral prefrontal cortex (10 Hz, 90% motor threshold). The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) was used to assess the severity of depression. The Wisconsin Card Sorting Test (WCST) and Continuous Performance Test (CPT) were used to assess cognitive function of depression. The response rate was significantly greater in the study group compared to the control group after treatment (57% compared with 29%,P<0.05). The HAMD scores significantly declined after treatment in two groups, and the study group showed lower scores compared to the control group after 2 weeks (P<0.01). Neuropsychological assessments showed that there was no significant difference between the two groups except for the significant improvement in the categories on WCST in study group compared to the baseline (P<0.05) and the control group (P<0.05)after 2 weeks treatment. No serious event occurred in the patients during the rTMS study. 10 Hz rTMS enhances early effects of citalopram and improves cognitive function in first-episode major depressive patients.
Antidepressant effects, of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy, in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Major depression is a common mental health problem and associated with significant morbidity and mortality, including impaired social and physical functioning and increased risk for suicide. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly efficacious in treatment-resistant depressive disorders, but cognitive side effects are frequently associated with the treatment. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a form of convulsive therapy, using magnetic fields in order to induce therapeutic seizures. First studies suggested that cognitive side effects of MST, including postictal recovery time, are more benign than those resulting from ECT treatment. In this open-label study we tested the hypothesis that MST is associated with clinically significant antidepressant effects in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) as an add-on therapy to a controlled pharmacotherapy.Twenty patients suffering from TRD were randomly assigned to receive either MST or ECT starting from July 2006 until November 2008. Primary outcome measure was antidepressant response assessed by Montgomery Åsberg Depression Scale. Secondary outcome measures included Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Hamilton Anxiety Scale, Beck Depression Inventory and 90-Item Symptom Checklist.Antidepressant response (improvement of 50% in MADRS ratings) was statistically significant and of similar size in both treatment groups. Cognitive side effects were observed in neither group. Characteristics in MST- and ECT-induced seizures were comparable, especially regarding ictal activity and postictal suppression. Thus, MST may be a potential alternative to ECT if efficacy and safety are validated in larger clinical trials. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Age predicts low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation efficacy in major depression$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) effectiveness in major depression has so far been studied mainly with high-frequency (> 1 Hz) administration (HF-TMS). However, some available studies with low-frequency TMS (LF-TMS) have provided similar response rates to HF-TMS with better tolerance, but the evidence is mixed and controversial. Methods: Randomized, controlled, two arm, clinical trial. 34 Major Depression patients were randomly assigned to receive 20 sessions of real or sham TMS of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex as adjuvant treatment to pharmacotherapy. The main stimulation parameters were 20 trains at 110% of the motor threshold for 60 s at a frequency of 1 Hz. Blinded external evaluators administered the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Results: Both treatment groups significantly improved, although there were no statistical differences between them. In the real TMS group patients age inversely correlated with improvement of depressive symptoms at the end of the study (r = -0683 p = 0.002). The percentage of decrease in scores on the Hamilton Scale was greater in subjects younger than 45 years old vs. others (41.3 +/- 22.6 vs. 15.1 +/- 15.8; t = 2.8 df = 16, p = 0.011). These real TMS subgroups did not differ significantly in their history of previous depressive disorders, or in the refractoriness indicators of the current episode. Limitations: Small size and highly refractory sample. Conclusion: Only younger patients benefited from LF-rTMS as adjuvant treatment to antidepressants in this study. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex influences attentional processing of emotional information: An event-related fMRI study$$$ Background: High frequency Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (HF-rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is currently used as a promising treatment strategy for depression, but the working mechanisms of this technique remain poorly understood. Recent models of depression suggest that dysfunctional top-down processes biasing attentional control over emotional information may contribute to the onset and development of depression. Because neuroimaging studies have provided support for a central role of the DLPFC in emotional control, rTMS might be effective through an enhancement of attentional control for emotional material. Methods: To test this hypothesis, we used HF-rTMS over the left or right DLPFC in thirty seven right handed healthy female participants (mean age 22.6 + 2.6 yrs.) within a single-blind placebo controlled randomized design, and examined changes in attentional processing of emotional information using an exogenous cueing paradigm with angry versus neutral faces during event-related fMRI. Results: Left HF-rTMS resulted in diminished attentional engagement by angry faces associated with increased activity within the right DLPFC, dACC, right superior parietal gyrus and left orbitofrontal cortex. Right prefrontal HF- rTMS resulted in impaired disengagement from angry faces, associated with decreased activation within the right DLPFC, dorsal anterior cingulate cortex and left superior parietal gyrus, combined with increased activity within the right amygdala. Conclusions: The present study contributes to the existing evidence of a functionally interactive network of cortical-limbic pathways that play a central role in emotion regulation and increases our insight in the possible working mechanisms of rTMS as a treatment strategy for depression.
10 sessions of adjunctive left prefrontal rTMS significantly reduces fibromyalgia pain: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the prefrontal cortex can cause changes in acute pain perception. Several weeks of daily left prefrontal TMS has been shown to treat depression. There have been few studies of daily TMS for the treatment of fibromyalgia, and none published involving left prefrontal high frequency stimulation. Methods: We recruited 20 patients with fibromyalgia, defined by the ACR criteria, and randomized them to receive 4000 pulses at 10 Hz TMS (n=10), or sham TMS (n=10) for 10 sessions over 2 weeks along with their standard medications, which were fixed and stable for at least 4 weeks before starting sessions. Subjects recorded daily pain, mood, and activity. Blinded raters assessed pain, mood, functional status and tender points weekly with BPI, HDRS, and FIQ. Results: Patients who received active TMS, compared to sham, had significant reduction in pain symptoms. Those who received active TMS had a 29% reduction in daily pain from baseline, while sham TMS participants had no statistical change in daily pain from baseline. There was a significant improvement in depression symptoms in the active group compared to sham. Pain reduction preceded antidepressant effects. TMS was well tolerated with few side effects. Conclusions: Further studies are needed to determine if daily prefrontal TMS may be an effective, durable and clinically useful treatment for fibromyalgia symptoms.
Efficacy and tolerability of different stimulation parameters of augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the acute treatment of drug-resistant depression$$$ Background: RTMS is used for the noninvasive stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) of patients with Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD) by means of coil-generated magnetic fields. The present study assessed the efficacy and tolerability of different stimulation parameters of augmentative rTMS in patients with TRD. Methods: Currently, 11 outpatients with TRD and a diagnosis of Major Depressive Disorder or Bipolar Disorder, were treated with 4 weeks of rTMS. Subjects were randomly assigned to receive one of the following treatments: right DLPFC, 1 Hz, 110% of motor threshold (MT), 420 stimuli/day; right DLPFC, 1 Hz, 110% of MT, 900 stimuli/day; left DLPFC, 10 Hz, 80% of MT, 750 stimuli/day. Results: Two subjects dropped out in the first week of treatment and were not included in the analyses. Nine subjects completed the trial showing a statistically significant improvement on the HAM-D, MADRS, HAM-A and CGI-S (t=7.18, p<0.0001; t=6.04; p<0.0001; t=6.39, p<0.0001; t=5.71, p<0.0001, respectively). In addition, stimulation response was achieved by 2 out of 9 subjects, 1 of whom considered remitter. Partial response was achieved by 3/9 patients. No difference in terms of efficacy and tolerability were found among the 3 different treatment conditions. Side effects were minor and limited to the first days of treatment (headache, insomnia). Conclusions: Preliminary data suggest that either augmentative low- and high-frequency rTMS, of the DLPFC were effective and well tolerated in a small sample of TRD patients in acute treatment, despite the lack of a sham- controlled group.
High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex does not improve motor symptoms in Parkinson's disease: A randomised, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Introduction: Based on several open-label and case studies, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex seems to have an effect on clinical symptoms of patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). However, this hypothesis requires further confirmation. Aims: We conducted a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of rTMS over bilateral motor cortex on various motor and non-motor features of PD. Methods: Twenty-two PD patients were assigned into two groups, one receiving real-rTMS (90% of resting motor threshold, 5 Hz, 600 pulses-a-day for 10 days) over the motor cortex, and another group receiving sham-rTMS. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 (short-term) and 30 days after treatmentsession ended (long-term effect). MMSE, UPDRS, Hoehn-Yahr, Epworth Sleepiness, Visual Analogue and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scales (MADRS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Trail making and Stroop tests were applied. Results: No side-effects occurred and the effectiveness of blinding was acceptable. Thirty day after treatment ended, the UPDRS-III improved by 11 points in the stimulated group compared to baseline. However, the size of improvement was also similar (10 points) in the sham-treated group. Between the stimulated and the sham-stimulated groups, none of the examined variables showed any statistically significant differences. Discussion: Both real and sham stimulation produced a considerable improvement in the UPDRS-III. Because we could not find any significant changes between the two groups, we might conclude that this improvement is probably due to the placebo effect of rTMS NK and JJ are supported by the government-based Bolyai Scholarship of Hungarian Academy of Sciences.
Low-frequency repetitive deep transcranial magnetic stimulation improves motor performance in patients with Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) using the new H-coil, designed to affect deeper neuronal pathways, can induce neuroplasticity and be an effective method for nonsurgical brain stimulation in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). Our previous studies using high frequency rTMS showed a modest effect but failed to achieve clinically significant improvement of motor functions. Objectives: Given reports on increased excitability in the motor cortex in PD patients, we tested the safety and efficacy of low frequency deep rTMS over the motor cortex with and without high frequency rTMS over the prefrontal cortex. Methods: 14 PD patients with asymmetric disease were randomized to one of two treatment protocols: (1) Low frequency (1 Hz) stimulation over the motor cortexalong with high frequency stimulation (10 Hz) over the prefrontal cortex. (2) Low frequency stimulation over the motor cortex alone. All patients had 12 treatment sessions in a 30 days period. Outcome measures, collected on days 1, 10, 30 and 60 included: Unified PD rating scale (UPDRS), Clinical Global Impression of severity and of change scales (CGIS and CGIC), pegboard test, foot and finger tapping tests, timed Up & Go test (TUG), as well as measures of depression and neuropsychological functioning. Results: In the dual stimulation group (n = 8) there was a significant improvement in motor UPDRS (5.6 points in average, p = 0.004), motor UPDRS (2.33 points, p = 0.015) and foot tapping (7.84 taps, p = 0.034) of the more affected side, and pegboard test (7.68 s, p = 0.007). The beneficial effect of stimulation was still significant for the motor UPDRS, UPDRS of the afflicted side, and pegboard at day 60. In the second group (n = 6) a smaller but significant improvement was evident on day 30 alone. In neither group did rTMS have a beneficial effect on depression or cognitive measures and the treatment was well tolerated. Conclusions: In this open study, rTMS proved to be a promising, safe and effective treatment, causing significant improvement of motor functions in PD patients. Low frequency deep rTMS over the motor cortex along with high frequency deep rTMS over the prefrontal cortex should be tested in a larger, double blind study against sham stimulation.
What clinical features should determine treatment of severe depression?$$$ Major depression is usually described in terms of its symptom typology - endogenous or non-endogenous, for example - and its severity. There are some reasons for thinking that endogenous depression especially with psychotic features will be more likely to respond to physical treatments like ECT and is unlikely to be associated with a response to psychotherapy. In that sense endogenous depressions may be thought of as more severe or anyway more biologically based. Nevertheless, it is worth asking how we should define severity because most cases of depression cannot be easily classified as endogenous or not. Conventionally, severity is simply the intensity of core depressive symptoms and often the score on a rating scale is taken adequately to capture it. Whether the response to an antidepressant is greater when baseline depression is high has become controversial. One interpretation of current trial data is that low baseline levels of depression are associated with placebo responses that are the same active treatments. Therefore, the treatment of milder depression may be seen as trivial. In fact there are good reasons to be cautious in extrapolating from clinical trial data. And often psychiatrists will be treating patients who have failed treatment already and will not simply respond to anything. Finally, severity may be seen as related to functional impairment and co-morbidity. Cognitive impairment is an important predictor of impaired function and a neglected target for treatment. Co-morbidity is clinically important but rarely a subject for formal investigation: it may be associated particularly with treatment resistance, which gives another dimension to the idea of severity. In conclusion, the definition of depression severity clearly influences how we recommend it should be treated but we remain uncertain how firmly exiting recommendations should be followed and how they can be improved.
Systematic reviews to support evidence-based psychiatry: What about ECT for depression?$$$ Objective: Assessing whether systematic reviews (SRs) can offer valuable support to evidence-based psychiatry about ECT treatment for depression. Methods: We used two database services (Ovid, PubMed) to identify SRs related to depression, and we found 1099 reviews; only 424 of these, published by 140 journals, were included in our study. We analysed each review to evaluate the conclusions reached by each study we examined, and subdivided the studies into three different groups: · Reviews reaching certain conclusions · Reviews reaching uncertain conclusions · Reviews reaching null conclusions Then we made a further distinction within “reviews reaching certain conclusions”, stating which results indicated a certain prevalence of the tested treatment against comparison (“Surely Ye s ”), with “Surely Not” we indicated cases in which the comparison is better than the experimental treatment, and finally with “Surely Neutral” we indicated the cases in which the two treatments were estimated as having the same effects from the systematic review. Results: We noted that within the category “reviews reaching certain conclusions” that electrical stimulation was always more effective than the controls, even more than we can say for drug therapy or psychotherapy. In fact, we noted that in the 14 SRs treating with electrical stimulation, ECT is better than either placebo or drug therapy. Conclusions: Electroconvulsive therapy is an effective therapy in cases of moderate to severe levels of depression where there is no real issue using drug therapy and psychotherapy together.
Synaptic plasticity of motor cortex, (M1) is symmetric in right- handed healthy volunteers$$$ Objective: To examine the symmetry of synaptic plasticity of motor cortex, (M1) in healthy vounteers. Background: Previous studies have assessed uni-hemispheric, long term potentiation, (LTP) and depression, (LTP) - like synaptic plasticity of motor cortex, (M1) and compared them in health and Parkinson's disease in vivo, using repetitive transcranial magnetic techniques. Even so, the symmetry of synaptic plasticity in the dominant vs nondominant M1 in health has not been established so far to allow comparisons with asymmetric diseases of the brain. Methods: We tested 24 right handed healthy volunteers randomly on either hemispheres, with a one week gap between the 2 sides using intermittent, (iTBS, n = 14) and continuous, (cTBS, n = 10) theta burst stimulation technique, (TBS). Handedness was tested using Modified Edinburg Handedness Inventory. Motor evoked potential, (MEP) amplitude was averaged at the following TIMES; prior to iTBS, (S1), immediately after iTBS, (T0) and every 10 minutes till 30 minutes. Effects of TBS were compared using repeated measures ANOVA with TIME as repeated variable and SIDE of brain as intersubject variable. Results: All subjects were right handed. There was a significant effect of TIME on MEP amplitudes in response to both TBS protocols but no effect of SIDE of brain, indicating that LTP and LTD- like plasticity induced in both hemispheres were not different in the dominant vs. non dominant hemisphere. Conclusions: Plasticity of motor cortex is symmetric between the hemispheres in right-handed healthy volunteers. This observation is very relevant for studies comparing motor cortex plasticity between patients and healthy volunteers.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double- blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Objective: We conducted a randomized, double-blind placebo- controlled study to evaluate the effect of rTMS over bilateral motor cortex on various motor and non-motor features of PD. Background: Based on several open-label and case studies, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, (rTMS) of the motor cortex seems to have an effect on clinical symptoms of patients with Parkinson s disease, (PD). However, this hypothesis requires further confirmation. Methods: Twenty-two PD patients were assigned into two groups, one receiving real-rTMS, (90% of resting motor threshold, 5 Hz, 600 pulses-a-day for 10 days) over the motor cortex, and another group receiving sham-rTMS. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation, (baseline), 1 day, (short-term) and 30 days after treatment- session ended, (long-term effect). MMSE, UPDRS, Hoehn-Yahr, Epworth Sleepiness, Visual Analogue and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scales, (MADRS), Beck Depression Inventory, (BDI), and Trail making and Stroop tests were applied. Results: No side-effects occurred and the effectiveness of blinding was acceptable.Thirty day after treatment ended, the UPDRS-III improved by 11 points in the stimulated group compared to baseline. However, the size of improvement was also similar, (10 points) in the sham-treated group. Between the stimulated and the sham-stimulated groups, none of the examined variables showed any statistically significant differences. Conclusions: Both real and sham stimulation produced a considerable improvement in the UPDRS-III. Because we could not find any significant changes between the two groups, we might conclude that this improvement is probably due to the placebo effect of rTMS.
Assessment of standard coil positioning in transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive technique used in the treatment of major depression. Meta-analyses have shown that it is more efficient than a placebo and that its efficacy is enhanced by the optimum tuning of stimulation parameters. However, the stimulation target, the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), is still located using an inaccurate method. In this study, a neuronavigation system was used to perform a comprehensive quantification of target localization errors. We identified and quantified 3 sources of error in the standard method: cap repositioning, interexpert variability in coil positioning and distance between the stimulated point and the expected target. For cap repositioning, the standard deviation was lower than 5. mm in the 3 axes. For interexpert variability in coil positioning, the spatial dispersion of the points was higher than 10. mm in 2 of the 3 axes. For interindividual anatomical variability, the distance between the actual "reference" DLPFC and its standard determination was greater than 20. mm for 54% of the subjects, while one subject out of eleven was correctly targeted which means 10. mm or less from the reference. Results showed that interindividual anatomical variability and interexpert variability were the two main sources of error using the standard method. Results demonstrate that a neuronavigation system is mandatory to conduct reproducible and reliable studies. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd.
ECT efficacy and treatment course: A systematic review and meta-analysis of twice vs thrice weekly schedules$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) guidelines, across various regulatory bodies, lack consensus as to the optimal frequency of treatment for individual patients. Some authors postulate that twice weekly ECT may have a similar efficacy to thrice weekly, and may have a lower risk of adverse cognitive outcomes. We did a systematic review and a meta-analysis to assess the strength of associations between ECT frequency and depression scores, duration of treatment, number of ECTs, and remission rates. Methods: We searched on Medline, EMBASE, CINAHL and the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (to December 2009), and searched reports to identify comparative studies of frequency of ECT. We did both random-effects (RE) and quality effect (QE) meta-analyses to determine the risk of various outcomes associated with lesser frequency as compared to the thrice weekly frequency. Results: We analysed 8 datasets (7 articles), including 214 subjects. Twice-weekly frequency of ECT was associated with a similar change in depression score (QE model SMD - 0.11 [- 0.55-0.33] and RE model SMD - 0.17 [- 0.77-0.43]) as compared to thrice weekly ECT. The number of real ECT's trended towards fewer in the twice weekly group. There was a statistically significant longer duration of treatment with a twice weekly protocol (QE model 6.48 days [4.99-7.97] and RE model 4.78 days [0.74-8.82]). There was a statistically significant greater efficacy for thrice weekly ECT compared to once weekly ECT (QE model SMD 1.25 [- 0.62-1.9] and RE model SMD 1.31 [0.6-2.02]). Conclusions: Twice weekly ECT is associated with similar efficacy to thrice weekly ECT, may require fewer treatments and may be associated with longer treatment duration when compared to thrice weekly. These epidemiological observations support the routine use of twice weekly ECT in acute courses, though choice of frequency should take into account individual patient factors. These observations have implications for resource utilisation e.g. costs of duration of admission vs cost of provision of ECT, as well as issues of access to inpatient beds and anaesthetist time. © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
Treatment of postpartum depression: Clinical, psychological and pharmacological options$$$ Postpartum depression (PPD) is a common complication of childbearing, and has increasingly been identified as a major public health problem. Untreated maternal depression has multiple potential negative effects on maternal-infant attachment and child development. Screening for depression in the perinatal period is feasible in multiple primary care or obstetric settings, and can help identify depressed mothers earlier. However, there are multiple barriers to appropriate treatment, including concerns about medication effects in breastfeeding infants. This article reviews the literature and recommendations for the treatment of postpartum depression, with a focus on the range of pharmacological, psychotherapeutic, and other nonpharmacologic interventions. © 2011 Fitelson et al.
Pharmacotherapy for acute pain in children: Current practice and recent advances$$$ Introduction: Acute pain in children may be undertreated. Improved understanding of developmental neurobiology and paediatric pharmacokinetics should facilitate better management of pharmacotherapy. The objective of this review is to discuss current paediatric practice and recent advances with these analgesic agents by using® an evidence-based approach. Areas covered: Using PubMed an extensive literature review was conducted on the commonly used analgesic agents in children from 2000 to April 2010. Expert opinion: A multimodal analgesic regimen provides better pain control and functional outcome in children. The choice of pharmacological treatment is determined by the severity and type of pain. However, more research and evidence is required to determine the optimal drug combinations. © 2011 Informa UK, Ltd.
The treatment of status epilepticus$$$ Purpose of review: This review discusses the advances in the treatment of status epilepticus since the first London-Innsbruck Colloquium on Status Epilepticus, held in London in April 2007. Recent findings: The review focuses on new drug treatment. The treatment of tonic-clonic status epilepticus is usually divided into three stages. In the first stage (stage of early status epilepticus), buccal midazolam has become an important out-of-hospital treatment option. In the second stage (stage of established status epilepticus) modern treatment choices include valproate, levetiracetam and lacosamide. In the third stage (stage of refractory status epilepticus), a variety of anaesthetics and nonpharmacological therapies can be administered. Treatment should also be focused on the causes of status epilepticus, and immunological therapy is sometimes given in cryptogenic refractory status epilepticus. Summary: There have been a number of advances in recent years in the treatment of status epilepticus. In stage 2 and stage 3 of status epilepticus, the therapies have almost invariably been assessed in open studies only, and there is a need for multicentre randomized controlled therapy comparisons. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Tetrabenazine for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the safety and effectiveness of tetrabenazine for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. DATA SOURCES: Literature was accessed through MEDLINE (1966-September 2010) and The Cochrane Library using the terms tetrabenazine, tardive dyskinesia, and movement disorders. In addition, references from publications identified were reviewed. STUDY SELECTION AND DATA EXTRACTION: All English-language articles identified from the data sources were reviewed. DATA SYNTHESIS: Options available for the management of tardive dyskinesia are limited. Tetrabenazine is a central monoamine-depleting agent approved by the Food and Drug Administration for chorea associated with Huntington's disease. Three prospective studies of tetrabenazine in the treatment of tardive dyskinesia were identified, as well as 8 additional trials, 1 case series, and 8 case reports. Tetrabenazine may provide benefit in managing symptoms of tardive dyskinesia unresponsive to other treatment modalities. Treatment of tardive dyskinesia with tetrabenazine may be limited by cost and clinically significant adverse effects such as depression, parkinsonism, and somnolence. CONCLUSIONS: Small trials indicate tetrabenazine may be effective for the treatment of tardive dyskinesia. However, larger, well-conducted trials are needed to confirm these findings. Currently, there is a lack of data coupled with the risk of significant adverse effects to recommend the routine use of tetrabenazine in the management of tardive dyskinesia. Before using tetrabenazine for the management of tardive dyskinesia, all other options should be exhausted and careful monitoring employed.
Newer molecules in the treatment of schizophrenia: A clinical update$$$ Schizophrenia is a heterogeneous psychiatric disorder in which multiple neurotransmitter systems have been implicated. Increased and decreased dopamine transmission in the subcortical meso-limbic and meso-cortical systems is closely linked to the "positive" and "negative" symptoms of schizophrenia, respectively. Important roles have also been found for serotonin and acetylcholine, both of which are closely linked to dopamine. An abnormality in glutamate functioning involving N-methyl-D-aspartic acid as well as other receptor subtypes may underlie the dopamine dysfunction observed in schizophrenia. Since the discovery of chlorpromazine in 1952, researchers have been developing new molecules targeting various neurotransmitter systems to maximize their efficacy and tolerability. The advancements in molecular genetics have opened up new horizons to manipulate the post-receptor protein cascade and gene expression. Although the magic-wand still eludes us, the newer molecules hold a lot of promise in this condition.
[Randomized controlled trial on comorbid anxiety and depression treated with electroacupuncture combined with rTMS].$$$ To compare the efficacy differences between integrative therapy of electroacupuncture and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and simple rTMS only in the treatment of comorbid anxiety and depression (CAD). Eighty-five cases of CAD were randomized into two groups. The observation group (40 cases) was treated with electroacupuncture at Baihui (GV 20), Yintang (EX-HN 3), Shenting (GV 24), Shenmen (HT 7) and Neiguan (PC 6) mainly, combined with rTMS. The control group (45 cases) was treated with simple rTMS. Separately, before treatment, after 5 days and 10 days treatment, Hemilton Depression Scale (HAMD) and Hemilton Anxiety Scale (HAMA) were used for the scoring of depression and anxiety. Additionally, the efficacies were compared between two groups. After 5 days, 10 days treatment, the scores of HAMA, HAMD were reduced remarkably as compared with those before treatment in two groups (all P < 0.001), HAMA score in observation group was lower than that in control group after 10 days treatment (P < 0.05). The remarkable effective rates of depression and anxiety in observation group those 10 days that treatment were 87. 1% (27/31) and 90.3% (28/31) respectively, which were higher apparently than 61.8% (21/34) and 61.8% (21/34) in control group separately (both P < 0.05). The integrative therapy of electroacupuncture and rTMS is definitely effective on CAD. This method is better than simple rTMS.
Utility of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmenting treatment method in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: About 30-46% of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) fail to fully respond to initial antidepressants. Treatment-resistant depression is a severely disabling disorder with no proven treatment options; novel treatment methods, such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can be used as augmentation to ongoing pharmacotherapy or as a solitary method of treatment. Aim: To evaluate the utility of rTMS as an augmenting method in treatment-resistant depression. Materials and Methods: In an open-label study, 21 patients with DSM-IV MDD without psychotic features who had failed to respond to an adequate trial of at least 2 antidepressants were given rTMS therapy for 4 weeks keeping the dose of pre-existing antidepressants unchanged. High-frequency (10 Hz) stimulations were delivered over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at an intensity of 110% of the patient's motor threshold. Treatment response was defined as a reduction in score on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) from baseline to end of treatment. Secondary efficacy measures included scores on the Clinical Global Impressions-Change and -Severity scales. Results: At the end of 4 weeks, 19 patients completed the 4 weeks study and were assessed. In ITT analysis the mean HAM-D17 scores were reduced from 30.80±5.00 to 19.00±6.37 (t=8.27, P<0.001). Only 4 patients reported headache but there was no discontinuation due to adverse effects. Conclusions: The study indicates the potential utility of rTMS as an augmenting agent in treatment-resistant depression. Adequately powered, randomized controlled trials are necessary to evaluate the role of rTMS in treatment-resistant depression.
The possibility of evidence-based psychiatry: Depression as a case$$$ Considering psychiatry as a medical discipline, a diagnosis identifying a disorder should lead to an effective therapy. Such presumed causality is the basis of evidence-based psychiatry. We examined the strengths and weaknesses of research onto the causality of relationship between diagnosis and therapy of major depressive disorder and suggest what could be done to strengthen eventual claims on causality. Four obstacles for a rational evidence-based psychiatry were recognised. First, current classification systems are scientifically nonfalsifiable. Second, cerebral processes are-at least to some extent-nondeterministic, i.e. they are random, stochastic and/or chaotic. Third, the vague or lack of relationship between therapeutic regimens and suspected pathogenesis. Fourth, the inadequacy of tools to diagnose and delineate a functional disorder.We suggest a strategy to identify diagnostic prototypes that are characterised by a limited number of parameters (symptoms, markers and other characteristics). A prototypical diagnosis thatmay either support or reject particular elements of current diagnostic systems. Nevertheless, one faces the possibility that psychiatry will remain a relatively weak evidence-based medical discipline. © Springer-Verlag 2010.
Predictors of response to ultrabrief right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Recent trials have demonstrated clinically meaningful efficacy and minimal cognitive side effects with ultrabrief pulsewidth right unilateral (RUL) ECT. In many countries it is gradually being adopted into clinical practice and further information on predictors of response is needed. Methods: Data collected from 75 depressed patients who received ultrabrief RUL ECT in a prospective research trial were analysed for predictors of response. Mood improvement was assessed with the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale. Improvement in unipolar versus bipolar depression was analysed. Results: Sixty-one percent of patients met the criteria for response and 36% met the criteria for remission. Logistic regression identified index episode duration ≥ one year (OR = 10.50, p = .006), fewer failed antidepressant treatments (OR = 0.46, p = .003), previous ECT course (OR = 7.33, p = .01), and absence of concurrent antidepressant (OR = 0.09, p = .005) as predictors of response. Psychotic features (OR = 7.18, p = .032) and baseline depression severity (OR = 0.90, p = .017) were predictors of remission. There was a trend towards greater improvement in bipolar than unipolar depression in the first week of treatment (p = 0.077). Limitations: Data were obtained from a prospective but non-randomised clinical trial which was designed to evaluate efficacy rather than to examine predictors of response. Treatment decisions (concurrent medication, switching to other types of ECT) were made on clinical grounds. Conclusions: This preliminary study suggests that predictors of response for ultrabrief RUL ECT are similar to those identified for other types of ECT previously studied. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an augmenting strategy in severe treatment-resistant major depression: A prospective 4-week naturalistic trial$$$ Background: Randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) have found repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to be effective for major depression, but its usefulness as an augmenting strategy for severe treatment-resistant depression (TRD) has yet to be firmly established. Methods: In a naturalistic trial, 15 chronically depressed, severely treatment-resistant patients were treated with daily high frequency (HF) rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) for 4 weeks as an augmenting strategy. Depressive and anxious symptoms (both subjective and objective), as well as quality of life (QOL) domains were measured pre-post rTMS treatment. Results: Pre-post rTMS comparisons revealed significant reductions of both clinician-rated and selfreport depression and anxiety measures and increases in three (out of five) domains of subjective QOL (i.e., global, physical, and psychological). Limitations: Small sample size and non-controlled design. Conclusions: Our results suggest that HF rTMS, when used as an augmenting strategy, positively affects depressive and anxious symptoms as well as QOL in patients with severe TRD. However, further studies with larger samples and controlled designs are needed to better clarify our preliminary findings. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.
Treatment of diabetic sensory polyneuropathy$$$ No current disease-modifying treatments have been shown definitively in randomized clinical trials to reduce or reverse diabetic sensory polyneuropathy (DSP). It is increasingly recognized that individuals with " prediabetes" or impaired glucose regulation can already have a "small-fiber" neuropathy, or mild DSP, in which sensory axons of both small and larger diameter are damaged. Small-fiber neuropathy is frequently associated with pain, and these patients may present to a neurologist for evaluation before the underlying glucose dysregulation has been diagnosed. It is important to identify these individuals, because aggressive diabetic control and lifestyle interventions can delay the onset of diabetes and may reverse small-fiber neuropathy associated with early diabetes mellitus. Although treatment currently focuses on pain associated with DSP, attention should be paid to potential risk factors for neuropathy. For example, glycemic control and hyperlipidemia should be improved with diet, exercise, and medications. Hypertension that is a riskmarker for more severe neuropathy should be treated. Angiotensin-converting enzyme inhibitors or angiotensin-receptor blockers not only treat hypertension but also may directly reduce the progression of neuropathy. Class I or II clinical studies support the use of sodium valproate, pregabalin, duloxetine, amitriptyline, gabapentin, venlafaxine, opioids, and topical capsaicin in treating diabetic neuropathic pain. Pregabalin and gabapentin are relatively well tolerated and have few medication interactions. Sodium valproate has been shown to be effective but is not recommended for use in women of childbearing potential, and patients must be monitored for hepatotoxicity and thrombocytopenia. Tricyclic antidepressants such as amitriptyline are often used for nocturnal pain but require caution in the elderly or anyone with cardiac disease. Venlafaxine and duloxetine successfully treat neuropathic pain independently of their effect on depression. Opioid medications are associated with a high rate of adverse effects but with careful monitoring, they can be effective in treating resistant neuropathic pain. Capsaicin is an effective topical treatment that lacks systemic side effects. The lidocaine patch is effective in relieving pain associated with postherpetic neuralgia, but only class III evidence supports its use for diabetic neuropathic pain. No current Class I or II studies support other treatment modalities. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2011.
Morphine sulfate and naltrexone hydrochloride extended release capsules (MS-sNT$$$ EMBEDA®), when crushed and injected, mitigate morphine-induced respiratory depression; Opioid-induced respiratory depression remains a major public health concern. With half of all drug-related deaths due to prescription drug abuse/misuse, respiratory depression is the leading cause of death following a lethal opioid dose. Morphine can induce respiratory depression which may become fatal within 3 hours of an overdose; however, it may be reversed by the timely administration of an opioid antagonist. Unfortunately, timely intervention is not always available. Morphine is often abused intravenously where respiratory depression can occur in minutes. Tampering with morphine sulfate and naltrexone hydrochloride extended release capsules (MS-sNT; EMBEDA®), a unique extended-release morphine formulation with a sequestered naltrexone core, releases both morphine and naltrexone. When both drugs are administered intravenously, naltrexone abates morphine-induced euphoric effects. To our knowledge, the effects on morphine-induced respiratory depression of intravenous administration of morphine and naltrexone in the fixed 25:1 ratio found in MS-sNT have not been previously reported. Results of a single-dose, 3-way crossover study in 28 opioid-experienced, non-dependent men indicated that naltrexone HCl 1.2mg administered intravenously in combination with morphine sulfate 30mg significantly diminished morphine-induced respiratory depression compared with intravenous morphine sulfate 30mg administered alone or normal saline (placebo). Exploratory analyses of End-tidal CO2 (EtCO2) detected statistically significant differences in LS means across all treatment groups for Emax and partial AUEs (p<0.0001). No difference was detected between the combination morphine + naltrexone and placebo groups in EtCO2 levels (p=0.3064), which emphasized naltrexone's pharmacodynamic effect of morphine displacement on the μ-opioid receptor. Results suggest that abuse of Embeda® by extraction and injection may not only abate morphine drug-liking and euphoria but could also mitigate the risk of potentially fatal morphine-induced respiratory depression. The uniqueness of this finding is that the harm reduction potential is already built into the medicine.
Prefrontal direct current stimulation modulates resting EEG and event-related potentials in healthy subjects: A standardized low resolution tomography (sLORETA) study$$$ Prefrontal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) with the anode placed on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been reported to enhance working memory in healthy subjects and to improve mood in major depression. However, its putative antidepressant, cognitive and behavior action is not well understood. Here, we evaluated the distribution of neuronal electrical activity changes after anodal tDCS of the left DLPFC and cathodal tDCS of the right supraorbital region using spectral power analysis and standardized low resolution tomography (sLORETA). Ten healthy subjects underwent real and sham tDCS on separate days in a double-blind, placebo-controlled cross-over trial. Anodal tDCS was applied for 20. min at 2. mA intensity over the left DLPFC, while the cathode was positioned over the contralateral supraorbital region. After tDCS, EEG was recorded during an eyes-closed resting state followed by a working memory (n-back) task. Statistical non-parametric mapping showed reduced left frontal delta activity in the real tDCS condition. Specifically, a significant reduction of mean current densities (sLORETA) for the delta band was detected in the left subgenual PFC, the anterior cingulate and in the left medial frontal gyrus. Moreover, the effect was strongest for the first 5. min (p< 0.01). The following n-back task revealed a positive impact of prefrontal tDCS on error rate, accuracy and reaction time. This was accompanied by increased P2- and P3- event-related potentials (ERP) component-amplitudes for the 2-back condition at the electrode Fz. A source localization using sLORETA for the time window 250-450. ms showed enhanced activity in the left parahippocampal gyrus for the 2-back condition. These results suggest that anodal tDCS of the left DLPFC and/or cathodal tDCS of the contralateral supraorbital region may modulate regional electrical activity in the prefrontal and anterior cingulate cortex in addition to improving working memory performance. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Psychological long-term eff ects of a no-sedation protocol in critically ill patients$$$ Introduction: A protocol of no sedation has been shown to reduce the time patients receive mechanical ventilation and reduce intensive care and total hospital length of stay [1]. The long-term psychological eff ect of this strategy has not yet been described. Methods: We contacted all surviving patients who had been randomized to our original trial that compared a no-sedation strategy with a traditional strategy of sedation and daily wake-up trial. Patients were off ered a follow-up interview with a neuropsychologist. The neuropsychologist was blinded to the randomized treatment. All patients were assessed with the same validated psychological tests. Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) was evaluated with three tests: Revised Impact of Event Scale, State Anxiety Inventory Scale and Post- Traumatic Stress Syndrome 10-Questions Inventory scale (PTSS-10). The generic quality of life was evaluated using the Medical Outcomes Study 36-item short-form health survey (SF-36). Depression was evaluated using the Beck Depression Inventory-2 score (BDI-II). Patients were also assessed with a modified version ICU memory tool. Results: A total of 26 patients were interviewed (13 from each group). The time span between randomization and interview was 2 years (nosedation group 1.78 (1.46 to 2.10) years vs. sedated group 2.04 (1.55 to 2.29) years, P = 0.32). No difference was found with respect to baseline data. Very few patients suff ered from PTSD and no significant difference was found between the two groups. No difference was found with respect to generic quality of life (SF-36). A very low rate of depression was found in both groups with no significant difference. The modified ICU memory tool showed that two-thirds of patients from both groups had experienced nightmares during their ICU stay. Very few patients remembered pain or breathing difficulties in the ICU (NS). Conclusions: Our data disprove the popular supposition that a protocol of no sedation applied to critically ill patients undergoing mechanical ventilation increases the risk of long-term psychological sequelae after intensive care compared to standard treatment with sedation. With the reduced ventilator days, reduced ICU and hospital length of stay, this psychological follow up further supports the benefits from a no-sedation strategy applied to critically ill patients undergoing mechanical ventilation.
Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation inferior to electroconvulsive therapy in treating depression$$$ Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a potential new antidepressant method and alternative to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The efficacy of right prefrontal low-frequency rTMS was shown in a previous placebo-controlled, randomized study but has never been compared with ECT. The aim of this study was to compare the antidepressant efficacy and adverse effects of right prefrontal low-frequency rTMS with that of ECT. Methods: Sixty inpatients with major depression were randomized to 15 days of 1-Hz right prefrontal rTMS or 9 unilateral ECTs. Depressive symptoms and adverse effects were recorded using the Hamilton Scale for Depression and the Udvalg for Kliniske Undersøgelser side effect scale, supplied by neuropsychological assessment of cognitive functions. Results: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation was significantly less effective than ECT. The intention-to-treat analysis revealed a 26% (confidence interval, 3%-51%) higher rate of partial remission (P = 0.035) by the end of week 3. There was no difference found between the 2 methods on the Udvalg for Kliniske Undersøgelser rating scale. However, psychological examination revealed ECT to have more adverse effects on cognitive functions, whereas the rTMS group improved particularly with respect to visual memory. Conclusions: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation was significantly less effective than ECT, but ECT had more adverse effects on cognitive function. The outcome does not point to right frontal low-frequency rTMS using the present stimulus design as a first-line substitute for ECT, but rather as a treatment option for patients with depression who are intolerant to other types of treatment or not accepting ECT. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The use of slow-frequency prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in refractory neuropathic pain$$$ Objective: A number of antidepressant medications, as well as electroconvulsive therapy, have been shown to reduce chronic pain. Slow-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex has also been shown to have an antidepressant effect. Given the high degree of suffering experienced by subjects with chronic neuropathic pain and the treatment resistance noted in this population, the use of slow-frequency rTMS as adjuvant therapy may be of significant clinical benefit. Methods: Fifteen sessions of 1-Hz rTMS (1600 stimulations/session) were applied to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex as adjuvant treatment in 9 subjects with refractory neuropathic pain over 3 weeks. Pain and depression ratings were performed at baseline, weekly during rTMS treatment, and monthly for up to 3 months after treatment. Results: Five males and 4 females participated, and all had longstanding refractory neuropathic pain (range, 1-19 years), with an average baseline pain rating of 7.3 and no depression (Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression average, 3.6; range, 0-8). Three subjects had a greater than 50% decline in pain ratings by the completion of rTMS treatments, and 1 subject responded more slowly with greater than 50% improvement in pain by the end of the 3-month follow-up. An improvement in pain ratings was noted in responders within the first week. Conclusions: Although these are preliminary findings in an open treatment trial, the subjects in this trial are among the least likely to have a placebo response. Given that rTMS is a well-tolerated and noninvasive intervention, any sustained improvement in neuropathic pain with rTMS is encouraging. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Some considerations in choosing electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has recently been approved by the Food and Drug Administration for treatment of depression refractory to at least 1 antidepressant medication. Clinical psychiatrists as well as patients are likely to inquire about TMS as a therapeutic option for the depressed patient. In particular, as TMS is a procedure that has at least some superficial similarities to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), there will be interest in using TMS as a possible alternative to ECT. On the other hand, ECT has been in use for many decades and has a well-established track record of being the most effective treatment for depression. In this article, the author reviews the efficacy, adverse effect profile, cost, and inconvenience issues for both TMS and ECT and outlines some considerations for current clinical decision making regarding the choice between these 2 modalities. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Potential therapeutic uses of BDNF in neurological and psychiatric disorders$$$ The growth factor brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) and its receptor tropomyosin-related kinase receptor type B (TRKB) are actively produced and trafficked in multiple regions in the adult brain, where they influence neuronal activity, function and survival throughout life. The diverse presence and activity of BDNF suggests a potential role for this molecule in the pathogenesis and treatment of both neurological and psychiatric disorders. This article reviews the current understanding and future directions in BDNF-related research in the central nervous system, with an emphasis on the possible therapeutic application of BDNF in modifying fundamental processes underlying neural disease. © 2011 Macmillan Publishers Limited. All rights reserved.
The biological basis of headache$$$ This article covers the remarkable recent decades as clinicians and scientists have grappled with understanding headache. It is a challenge to understand how a 'normal brain can become dysfunctional, incapacitating an individual, and then become 'normal again. Does the answer lie in the anatomy, electrical pathways, the chemistry or a combination? How do the pieces fit together? The components are analyzed in this article. Animal models have provided potential answers. However, these processes have never been proven in man. The dynamic imaging of pain and headache is rapidly evolving and providing new insights and directions of research. © 2011 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Effectiveness of long-term opioid therapy for chronic non-cancer pain$$$ Background: Opioids have been utilized for thousands of years to treat pain and their use continues to escalate. It is estimated that 90% of the patients who present to pain centers and receive treatment in such facilities are on opioids. However, in contrast to increasing opioid use and the lack of evidence supporting long-term effectiveness in chronic non-cancer pain, is the escalating misuse of prescription opioids, including abuse and diversion. There is also uncertainty about the incidence and clinical salience of multiple, poorly characterized adverse drug events, including endocrine dysfunction, immunosuppression, infectious disease, opioidinduced hyperalgesia, overdoses, deaths, and psychosocial and economic implications. Study Design: A comprehensive review of the literature. Objective: The objective of this comprehensive review is to evaluate the clinical effectiveness and safety of chronic opioid therapy in chronic non-cancer pain. Methods: A comprehensive review of the literature relating to chronic opioid therapy in chronic non-cancer pain. The literature was collected from various electronic and other sources. The literature that was evaluated included randomized trials, observational studies, case reports, systematic reviews, and guidelines. Outcome Measures: Pain relief was the primary outcome measure. The secondary outcome measures were functional improvement and adverse effects. Short-term effectiveness was considered to be less than 6 months; long-term effectiveness was considered to be at least one year. Results: Given the complexity and widespread nature of opioid therapy, there is a paucity of qualitative and/or quantitative literature. The available evidence is weak for pain relief combined with improvement in functional status. Only one drug, tramadol, is effective for pain relief and improvement of functional status. Limitations: This is a narrative review without application of methodologic quality assessment criteria. Even so, a paucity of literature exists concerning both controlled and observational literature for multiple drugs and multiple conditions of chronic non-cancer pain. Conclusions: This comprehensive review illustrates the lack of literature on long-term opioid therapy; thus, opioid therapy should be provided with great restraint and caution, based on the weak evidence available.
Evolution of psychopharmacology trial design and analysis: Six decades in the making$$$ Objective: The evolution of trial design and analysis during the lifespan of psychopharmacology is examined. Background: The clinical trial methodology used to evaluate psychopharmacologic agents has evolved considerably over the past 6 decades. The first and most productive decade was characterized by case series, each with a small number of patients. These trials used nonstandardized clinical observation as outcomes and seldom had a comparison group. The crossover design became widely used to examine acute psychiatric treatments in the 1950s and 1960s. Although this strategy provided comparison data, it introduced problems in study implementation and interpretation. In 1962, the US Food and Drug Administration began to require "substantial evidence of effectiveness from adequate and well-controlled studies." Subsequent decades saw remarkable advances in clinical trial design, assessment, and statistical analyses. Standardized instruments were developed and parallel groups, double-blinding, and placebo controls became the benchmark. Sample sizes increased and data analytic procedures were developed that could accommodate the problems of attrition. Randomized withdrawal designs were introduced in the 1970s to examine maintenance therapies. Ethical principles for research became codified in the United States at that time. A wave of regulatory approvals of novel antipsychotics, antidepressants, and anticonvulsants came in the 1980s and 1990s, each based on data from randomized double-blind, parallel-group, placebo-controlled clinical trials. These trial designs often involved fixed-dose comparisons based, in part, on a greater appreciation that much of the benefit and harm in psychopharmacology was dose related. Conclusions: Despite the progress in randomized controlled trial (RCT) design, the discovery of new mechanisms of action and blockbuster interventions has slowed during the past decade. © Copyright 2011 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
New treatment guidelines for acute bipolar depression: A systematic review$$$ Introduction: Bipolar depression poses a great burden on patients and their families due to its duration, associated functional impairment, and limited treatment options. Given the complexity of the disorder and the advances in treatment, a number of clinical guidelines, consensus statements and expert opinions were developed with the aim to standardize treatment and provide clinicians with treatment algorithms for every-day clinical practice. Unfortunately, they often led to conflicting conclusions and recommendations due to limitations of the available literature. As findings emerge from research literature, guidelines quickly become obsolete and need to be updated or revised. Many guidelines have been updated in the last 5 years, after the last review of bipolar disorder (BD) treatment guidelines. Objective: The purpose of this work is to systematically review guidelines, consensus meetings and treatment algorithms on the acute treatment of bipolar depression updated or published since 2005, to critically underline common and critical points, highlight limits and strengths, and provide a starting point for future research Materials and methods: The MEDLINe/PubMed/Index Medicus, PsycINFO/PsycLIT, Excerpta Medica/EMBASE, databases were searched using "depression", "bipolar", "manic-depression", "manic-depressive" and "treatment guidelines" as key words Results: The search returned 204 articles. Amongst them, there were 28 papers concerning structured treatment algorithms and/or guidelines suggested by official panels. After excluding those guidelines that were not performed by scientific societies or international groups and those published before 2005, the final selection yielded 7 papers When looking into guidelines content, the results indicate a trend to the gradual acceptance of the use of the atypical antipsychotic quetiapine as monotherapy as first-line treatment. Antidepressant monotherapy is discouraged in most of them, although some support the use of antidepressants in combination with antimanic agents for a limited period of time. Lamotrigine has become a highly controversial option. Conclusion: The management of bipolar depression is complex and should be differentiated from management of unipolar depression. Guidelines may be useful instruments for helping clinicians to choose and plan bipolar depression treatment by integrating the more updated scientific knowledge with every-day clinical practice and patient-specific factors; however, a further effort is needed in order to improve guidelines implementation in clinical practice. The latest updates on treatment guidelines for bipolar depression give priority to novel treatment approaches, such as quetiapine, over more traditional ones, such as lithium or antidepressants. Lamotrigine is a controversial option. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fractional anisotropy changes after several weeks of daily left high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex to treat major depression$$$ Objectives: As part of a sham controlled treatment trial using daily left repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), brain changes associated with 4 to 6 weeks of treatment were examined using diffusion tensor imaging to noninvasively evaluate prefrontal white matter (WM) microstructure. A decrease in fractional anisotropy values of the left prefrontal WM could indicate damage to the region. Methods: Diffusion tensor imaging was performed before and after 4 to 6 weeks of daily rTMS treatments. Mean fractional anisotropy levels associated with active rTMS and sham rTMS for the right and left prefrontal WM were assessed. Results: Adequate images were acquired for 8 participants (active n = 4, sham n = 4) before and after rTMS. A mean increase was found for the left prefrontal WM. The mixed model revealed a trend toward a significant treatment group × region interaction effect (P = 0.11). Furthermore, simple region effects (left prefrontal WM vs right prefrontal WM) were at a trend toward significance for difference after treatment within the active rTMS group (P = 0.07), but not within the sham rTMS group (P = 0.88). Conclusions: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation resulted in no evidence of damage to WM on the side of stimulation. Diffusion tensor imaging may offer a unique modality to increase our understanding of mechanisms of action for rTMS. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Self-evaluation of the cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objectives: Using standard self-evaluation questionnaires, numerous studies have found that subjective memory improves shortly after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). This change covaries strongly with depression severity and is not associated with objective amnestic effects or treatment parameters. We examined subjective evaluations of ECT's cognitive effects using a novel interview that directly inquired about global impact, in contrast to the standard method of inquiring about specific aspects of cognition. Methods: We conducted a prospective, randomized, double-masked trial comparing the effects of pulse width (0.3 vs 1.5 milliseconds) and electrode placement (right unilateral vs bilateral) on cognitive outcomes. Subjective evaluations were obtained before and during the week after the randomized ECT course, using the Cognitive Failures Questionnaire, the Squire Memory Complaint Questionnaire, and the novel Global Self-Evaluation of Memory. An extensive neuropsychological battery was administered at these time points. Results: Cognitive Failures Questionnaire and Squire Memory Complaint Questionnaire scores improved at post-ECT relative to pre-ECT, strongly covaried with depression severity (24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores) but not with objective amnestic deficits or treatment parameters. In contrast, the treatment conditions differed in post-ECT Global Self-Evaluation of Memory scores, and these scores were associated with objective amnestic effects. Conclusions: In contrast to standard methods, direct questioning about global impact resulted in more negative views about ECT's cognitive effects, concordance with objective cognitive measures, and differences among treatment conditions. Patients may be more accurate in their assessment of ECT's adverse effects than had previously been suggested. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
High-frequency prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia: A case series$$$ Objectives: The negative symptoms of schizophrenia are difficult to treat and are predictors of poor outcome. New somatic treatments are needed to reverse these symptoms and improve function. One promising approach is repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), although results to date have been mixed. This pilot study assessed higher doses of rTMS and assessed particular demographic factors that may influence treatment response. Methods: Five patients with schizophrenia or schizoaffective disorder enrolled to receive 20 sessions of rTMS administered with a Magstim Super Rapid device (The Magstim Company Ltd, Wales, UK). Treatment was administered at 20 Hz for 2 seconds, intertrain interval of 28 seconds, and at 100% motor threshold to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in an open-label pilot study. Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale symptom assessments occurred at 2-week intervals during treatment and twice at 4-week intervals after termination. Results: Treatments were well tolerated with no adverse events. One patient withdrew from the study in the setting of medication noncompliance. Of the patients who completed treatment, 2 had reductions in positive symptoms by 9% and 26%, maintained at 1 month. A third patient had a 14% reduction in negative symptoms at week 4, and a fourth patient had a 55% reduction at week 4. Negative symptom improvement was not related to depressive or extrapyramidal symptoms, which were unchanged with treatment. Conclusions: This pilot study of rTMS treatment for the negative symptoms of schizophrenia is promising with respect to safety and feasibility. The promising preliminary evidence for improvements in this open-label setting should be followed up with a randomized clinical trial to establish efficacy. Further work may explore the potential utility of rTMS for the otherwise largely untreatable negative symptoms, which account for so much of the morbidity of schizophrenia. Copyright © 2011 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Can low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation really relieve medication-resistant auditory verbal hallucinations? Negative results from a large randomized controlled trial$$$ Background Several studies have applied low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) directed at the left temporoparietal area (TP) for the treatment of auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH), but findings on efficacy are inconsistent. Furthermore, recent functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) studies indicate that the left TP is not a general focus of activation during the experience of AVH. The aims of this study are twofold: to investigate the effects of rTMS on AVH in a double blind, randomized, sham-controlled study; and to investigate whether the efficacy can be improved when rTMS is guided by individual fMRI scans of hallucinatory activation. Methods Sixty-two patients with medication-resistant AVH were randomized over three conditions: rTMS targeted at the area of maximal hallucinatory activation calculated from individual fMRI scans during AVH, rTMS directed at the left TP, and sham treatment. Repetitive TMS was applied during 15 sessions of 20 min each, at 1 Hz and 90% of the individual motor threshold. The severity of AVH and other psychotic symptoms were monitored during treatment and 3-month follow-up, with the Auditory Hallucination Rating Scale, the Positive and Negative Syndrome Scale, and the Psychotic Symptom Rating Scales. Results The effects of fMRI-guided rTMS and left TP rTMS on the severity of AVH were comparable to those of sham treatment. No differences in severity of general psychotic symptoms were found among the three treatment conditions. Conclusions Low-frequency rTMS administered to the left TP or to the site of maximal hallucinatory activation is not more effective for medication-resistant AVH than sham treatment. © 2011 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Evidence-based pharmacotherapy of schizophrenia$$$ We describe the pharmacological treatment of schizophrenia and have arranged the manuscript as a simple algorithm which starts from the choice of an antipsychotic drug for an acutely ill patient and concludes with the most important questions about maintenance treatment. In acutely ill patients the choice of drug is mainly based on pragmatic criteria. Among many strategies used for agitated patients, haloperidol plus promethazine is the best examined one. In case of persistent depression or negative symptoms treatment includes antidepressants, and some second-generation antipsychotic drugs (SGAs) have been found somewhat superior to first-generation antipsychotic drugs (FGAs) in these domains. If an antipsychotic is suspected to be ineffective, several factors need to be checked before action is taken. Few trials have addressed strategies such as switching the drug or increasing the dose in case of non-response. Clozapine remains the gold-standard for treatment-refractory patients, while none of the numerous augmentation strategies that have been examined by randomized controlled trials can be generally recommended. Maintenance treatment with antipsychotic drugs effectively reduces relapse rates. Small, not definitive, studies have shown that withdrawing antipsychotics from patients who have been stable for up to 6 yr leads to more relapses than continuing medication. In effect, continuous treatment is more effective than intermittent strategies. The identification of optimum doses for relapse prevention with FGAs has proven difficult, and there is little randomized data on SGAs. Although the randomized evidence on a superiority of depot compared to oral treatment is not ideal, this approach suggests obvious advantages in assuring compliance. © 2010 CINP.
Treatment of depression using sleep electroencephalogram modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Background and purpose: The conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has some inadequate of efficacy weak and inadequate for the treatment of depression, easy symptomatic recurrence when stop the treatment. Ours invented the device of sleep electroencephalogram-modulated rTMS (SEM-rTMS) were safe and effective by proved of the animal experiments and clinical pre-test for the treatment of depression. The purpose of this study was to examine the efficacy and safety of SEM-rTMS for the treatment of depression. Methods: After 7 days without psychoactive medication, 164 patients with clinically defined depression, were randomly assigned to receive SEM-rTMS (N=57), conventional rTMS (CrTMS (N=55), or sham-rTMS (N=52) for 30 minutes/time/day for 10 days. Before and after scores on the 24-item Hamilton rating scale for depression (HAMD-24) and the clinical outcome at the 10th-day of therapy for all subjects were analyzed. Results: Twenty two cases in the SEM-rTMS group improved mood as compared to 6 in the C-rTMS group and 2 in the sham-rTMS group (c2=15.89, p=0.0004). After completion of the rTMS phase of the protocol , a (51±5) % reduction of HAMD-24 scores from the baseline in the SEM-rTMS group compared with a (34±4)% in the C-rTMS group ((q=26.09, p=0.001) and a (14±3)% in Sham-rTMS group (q=57.53,p=0.000). The 88% total efficacy ratio in the SEM-rTMS group was significant higher than 68% in the C-rTMS group and 20 % in the sham-rTMS group (c2=12.01 ,p=0.0025). No significant side effects were noted. Conclusion: It is efficient and safe to treat depression with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of sleep electroencephalogram-modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (SEM-rTMS) and conventional rTMS (C-rTMS) on the activity of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in patients with depression. Methods: In a double-blind, randomized controlled trial, 164 patients diagnosed with depression were randomized to treatment with SEM-rTMS (n=57), C-rTMS (n=55) or sham rTMS (n=52) for 30 min every day for 10 d. Before and after treatment plasma concentrations of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol (CORT) were measured, and the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) was used for assessment. Results: The HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH and CORT concentrations of these depressive patients before treatment were significantly different from those of the normal control group (P< 0.05). The HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH and CORT concentrations in the SEM-r TMS group and conventional rTMS group were decreased significantly (P< 0.05). There was a significant positive correlation between the HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH (n=240, r=0.105, P=0.048) and CORT concentrations (n=240, r=0.126, P=0.023) in the patients with depression before and after treatment. Conclusion: The antidepressant effect of rTMS, including SEM-rTMS, may be related to its decreasing HPA axis activity.
Eeg synchronized tms for individualized therapy in major depressive disorder$$$ Introduction: Efficacy of conventional repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depressive disorder (MDD) is limited. The authors report here on an alternative treatment using low energy synchronized TMS (sTMS) at the intrinsic frequency of subjects' alpha electroencephalogram (EEG). Objectives: Establish efficacy and safety profile of sTMS in MDD. Aim: (1) Examine the clinical effectiveness of sTMS. (2) Identify adverse effects associated with sTMS. Methods: Fifty-two MDD subjects with 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD17) scores >17 were enrolled into a randomized, sham controlled, double-blind trial. Current medication remained unchanged during the trial. Depressive symptoms were evaluated by HAMD17 administered weekly. EEGs were recorded at baseline to determine the stimulus frequency and at week 4 to evaluate the physiological effect. sTMS was delivered through three 6000-G cylindrical neodymium magnets synchronously rotating at a rate equal to the subject's intrinsic alpha frequency. Results: Forty-five subjects completed at least 1 week of treatment and were evaluable. Those who received active treatment had superior clinical response to sham (t = 2.54, P = 0.01), where 55.2% in the active treatment group were clinical responders versus 12.5% in sham (X2 = 7.82, P = 0.005). No significant side effects were reported. The clinical improvement was correlated with the degree of EEG improvement (r = .46, P = 0.009). Conclusions: A therapeutic effect in MDD subjects can be achieved through administration of sTMS at the subject's alpha EEG frequency. Because of minimal side effects, this appears to be a safe and effective treatment option.
Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the prefrontal cortex in therapy-resistant depression: A double-blind, placebocontrolled study$$$ Background: TDCS for modulating neurophysiology is known since the 1960s. tDCS trials in patients with depression showed promising results. Methods: 22 patients with therapy resistant major depression (DSM-IV criteria) were included in a four week cross-over trial, 10 received 1 mA tDCS, 12 received 2 mA tDCS, 2 dropped out. Patients received add-on tDCS under a stable antidepressant treatment over 3 weeks and were randomized to active or sham tDCS treatment. The sham condition was evaluated in 10 healthy volunteers and was indistinguishable.Both, active (1 mA resp. 2 mA) and placebo tDCS were applied for 20 min per day and for two weeks and then switched to the other condition. The anode was positioned over F3 and the cathode over the contralateral supraorbital region. For placebo tDCS a novel sham device (neuroConn, Ilmenau, Germany) was used which is indistinguishable for the applying person. Severity of depression was assessed by HAMD, BDI, CGI and CORE scales and raters were blind to treatment conditions. Results: Mean HAMD decreased by 25% in the whole population after four weeks of tDCS. Active tDCS performed significantly better (p=0.0492) than the control treatment. However this positive association was restricted to the first study phase as there was also a significant (p=0.0271) influence of the study phase in the cross-over design and an almost significant (p=0.0864) interaction between treatment and study phase. Conclusion: Though active tDCS was not superior to sham treatment, we observed hangover effects in weeks 3 and 4 depending on the first condition.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation influences mood in healthy male volunteers$$$ Introduction: The influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on mood in healthy people is uncertain, as former studies show divergent results. Previous studies in healthy volunteers focused exclusively on the immediate effect of a single session of rTMS on mood. Aims: The aim of this study was to analyse the influence on mood of a series of 9 High Frequency (HF) rTMS stimulations of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Methods: 44 young healthy male volunteers were randomly assigned to receive 9 sessions of active HF-rTMS (n = 22) or sham rTMS (n = 22) over the left DLPFC. Each session in the active group consisted of 15 trains of 25 Hz starting with 100% of motor threshold. Sham stimulation was performed following the same protocol, but using a sham coil. The variables of interest were the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Visual Analogue Scales (VAS) which quantified “mood”, “enjoyment” and “energy”. Results: We found a significant reduction of the BDI score in the active group (GLM, p < 0.001) whereas no significant changes of the BDI score were caused by sham stimulation (GLM, p = 0.109). We did not find significant differences caused by active or sham stimulation in VAS scales except for the VAS labelled lively/gloomy immediately after stimulation. The active group was found to be more “gloomy” (p = 0.001). Conclusions: Our data support the hypothesis that a 9-day long series of HF-rTMS of the left DLPFC improves mood, analysed by BDI in healthy young men.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Introduction: Based on several open-label and case studies, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex seems to have an effect on clinical symptoms of patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). However, this hypothesis requires further confirmation. Aims: We conducted a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of rTMS over bilateral motor cortex on various motor and non-motor features of PD. Methods: Twenty-two PD patients were assigned into two groups, one receiving real-rTMS (90% of resting motor threshold, 5 Hz, 600 pulses-a-day for 10 days) over the motor cortex, and another group receiving sham-rTMS. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short-term) and 30 days after treatment-session ended (long-term effect). MMSE, UPDRS, Hoehn-Yahr, Epworth Sleepiness, Visual Analogue and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scales (MADRS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Trail making and Stroop tests were applied. Results: No side-effects occurred and the effectiveness of blinding was acceptable. Thirty day after treatment ended, the UPDRS-III improved by 11 points in the stimulated group compared to baseline. However, the size of improvement was also similar (10 points) in the sham-treated group. Between the stimulated and the sham-stimulated groups, none of the examined variables showed any statistically significant differences. Discussion: Both real and sham stimulation produced a considerable improvement in the UPDRS-III. Because we could not find any significant changes between the two groups, we might conclude that this improvement is probably due to the placebo effect of rTMS.
Efficacy of repetitive cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation of the visual cortex in the prophylaxis of menstrual migraine$$$ Background and purpose: Patients with menstrual migraine often suffer from psychological strain. Preventive therapy is indicated in about a third of patients, and although a broad range of pharmaceutical option exists, there is an increasing interest concerning non-pharmaceutical alternatives. According to this, the repetitive cathodal transcranial direct current stimulation (rc-tDCS) of the visual cortex as non-invasive brain stimulation might be a therapeutic alternative. The present study aimed to explore the efficacy of rc-tDCS as a prophylactic treatment in migraineurs and to decrease the frequency or shorten the duration of attacks by decreasing the excitability of the visual cortex. Methods: Six migraineurs participated in this double-blind and randomized study. For three cycles of menstruation, we applied cathodal tDCS (2mA) to the visual cortex of the patients in five consecutive sessions for twenty minutes one to five days before the first day of their menstruation. Three patients received tDCS and three participants sham stimulation. Visual cortex excitability was monitored by measuring the phosphene threshold (PT). PT was determined before and after a stimulation session. In addition, depressive symptomatic was measured by the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the health-related quality by SF-36. Results: (Verum Stimulation) One patient did not have any migraine attacks during the whole three months of stimulation period; her PT increased about 64%. Two patients observed a decrease of intensity and duration of attacks; their PT increased about 32% and 6%, respectively. They did not detect an improvement of health-related quality of life or depressive symptomatic. However, they noticed an improvement of power of concentration. (Sham stimulation) One of three patients noticed one cycle without migraine. The other patients did not observe any changes of migraine during the cycles of stimulation. The PT of one patient decreased about 11%. Apart from this, the PT did not increase and the depressive symptomatic or the health-related quality of life did not change post-stimulation. Conclusion: The results imply that the sham stimulation could not influence the PT. In parallel to the elevation of the PT, the frequency of attacks during menstruation decreased. It is essential to investigate higher number of patients to verify the differences between the stimulation and the sham stimulation conditions. Further studies should explore the duration of the after-effects of the stimulation.
Rehospitalization rate after continued electroconvulsive therapy -A retrospective chart review of patients with severe depression$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy, ECT, is an effective acute treatment for severe depression. Today ECT is usually discontinued when the patient's depressive symptoms abate, although relapse is common. Some studies suggest that continuation ECT (cECT) may prevent relapse of depression, but there are few studies available. Aims: The aim of this study was to describe the need for inpatient care before, during and after cECT. Methods: A retrospective chart review was conducted of all patients (n27) treated with cECT between 2005 and 2007 at örebro University Hospital, Sweden. All patients were severely depressed at the initiation of index ECT. The DSM-IV diagnoses were major depression (n19), bipolar depression (n5) or schizoaffective depression (n3). Results: The hospital day quotient was lower (HDQ15) during cECT (mean duration±standard deviation104±74 days) than during the 3 years prior to cECT (HDQ26). The rehospitalization rate was 43% within 6 months and 58% within 2 years after the initiation of cECT. Seven patients were rehospitalized while on cECT. Conclusion: The need for inpatient care was reduced during cECT. However, rehospitalization was common. At the initiation of the cECT, the patients were improved by the index ECT. Also cECT was often terminated after rehospitalization, which contributed to the lowered hospital day quotient during cECT. Randomized clinical trials are needed to establish the efficacy of cECT. Clinical implications: Relapses and recurrences in depressed patients are common after ECT treatment. The results indicate that continuation ECT combined with pharmacotherapy might be an alternative treatment strategy. © 2011 Informa Healthcare.
Cognitive and psychiatric disturbances in Parkinsons disease$$$ Psychiatric symptoms and cognitive impairment occur in the majority of patients with Parkinsons disease and have important clinical consequences for the patient and caregivers, in addition to health-related costs. Dysphoria and anxiety, hallucinations, apathy and cognitive impairment are the most common symptoms. The etiology is heterogeneous and includes psychosocial, structural and chemical brain changes, and treatment-related factors. Consensus criteria for the diagnoses of psychosis, depression and dementia associated with Parkinsons disease are now available, and a number of rating scales and questionnaires have been validated for the evaluation of cognitive impairment and psychiatric symptoms in Parkinsons disease. Level I evidence is available for the treatment of dementia, depression and psychosis, but there is still a need for development of safer and more effective treatments. © 2011 Future Medicine Ltd.
Using what we have: Combining medications to achieve remission$$$ This paper seeks to teach clinical principles in the use of polypharmacy in psychiatric practice. Using major depressive disorder, authors discuss clinical practice techniques and thoroughly review the existing literature regarding the polypharmacy of treatment resistant depression. Readers are expected to be able to utilize information directly in clinical practice. © 2011 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l.
The emerging use of technology for the treatment of depression and other neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ BACKGROUND: Our objective is to review emerging technologies intended for the treatment of depression and other neuropsychiatric disorders. METHODS: These technologies include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST), vagus nerve stimulation (VNS), deep brain stimulation (DBS), cortical brain stimulation (CBS), and quantitative electroencephalography (QEEG). RESULTS: The rationale for these technologies, their mechanisms of action, and how they are used in clinical practice are described. rTMS and VNS are effective for treatment-resistant depression. DBS is effective for resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder. QEEG can help predict a patient's response to an antidepressant. All of these technologies continue to be investigated in treatment studies. CONCLUSIONS: As these and other emerging technologies for depression and other neuropsychiatric disorders are development and applied, psychiatrists should understand the rationale for these modalities, how they work, and how they can be used in clinical practice.
Effects of 3 different stimulus intensities of ultrabrief stimuli in right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depression: A randomized, double-blind pilot study$$$ Objective: Efficacy and cognitive outcome of ECT is depending on electrode placement, pulse width and electrical dosage. Several studies showed that high-dosage right unilateral ECT (RULECT) had a better antidepressant effects than low-dosage RULECT and less cognitive side effect than bilateral stimulation. In this prospective, randomized, double-blind trial, we examined the efficacy and cognitive side effects of RULECT with three different (high dose) stimulus intensities (4×, 7× and 10× above the seizure threshold (ST)). Methods: 41 patients with treatment resistant unipolar or bipolar depression were randomized to one of the three stimulation intensities. For stimulation, we used an ultrabrief pulse (0.3 ms). Primary outcome measures were reduction of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the response rate (50% reduction of the HDRS) in the three groups. For cognitive side effects, a neuropsychological test battery was assessed. Results: All three groups responded significantly to 9 ECTs (p < 0.005), but there were no statistical significant differences in the response rates between the three intensity groups. Besides of the Verbal Learning Memory Recognition Test (VLMT), which showed significant impairments in the high dose intensity groups, no differences could be shown between the three study groups in all neuropsychological tests. Conclusion: A RULECT with ultrabrief pulse stimulation and 4× ST intensity is effective and from good tolerability. Higher intensity dosages seem to be associated with more cognitive side effects during a course of acute ECT treatment. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Tinnitus-related distress: A review of recent findings$$$ This article reviews recent articles relevant to tinnitus-related distress (TRD). Recent studies provide evidence that 1) chronic tinnitus, which occurs in a significant percentage of adults, has stress-inducing effects similar to those of other chronic health problems; 2) the effects of tinnitus on distress are worse in individuals who have certain personality characteristics, such as type D personality and anxiety sensitivity; 3) neural activity in TRD is similar to that for pain and depression; 4) tinnitus leads to less distress in individuals who accept their condition; and 5) cognitive-behavioral treatments, including relaxation training, attention-control training, and acceptance activities, tend to reduce TRD. The recent findings suggest that it would be good practice for mental health professionals to ask patients, especially older patients, about tinnitus and to offer psychological treatment for TRD in appropriate cases. Future research on TRD might explore the extent to which the problem is genetic and the possibility of preventing TRD in individuals who have recently developed persistent tinnitus. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Transcutaneous spinal cord direct current stimulation inhibits the lower limb nociceptive flexion reflex in human beings$$$ Aiming at developing a new, noninvasive approach to spinal cord neuromodulation, we evaluated whether transcutaneous direct current (DC) stimulation induces long-lasting changes in the central pain pathways in human beings. A double-blind crossover design was used to investigate the effects of anodal direct current (2 mA, 15 min) applied on the skin overlying the thoracic spinal cord on the lower-limb flexion reflex in a group of 11 healthy volunteers. To investigate whether transcutaneous spinal cord DC stimulation (tsDCS) acts indirectly on the nociceptive reflex by modulating excitability in mono-oligosynaptic segmental reflex pathways, we also evaluated the H-reflex size from soleus muscle after tibial nerve stimulation. In our healthy subjects, anodal thoracic tsDCS reduced the total lower-limb flexion reflex area by 40.25% immediately after stimulation (T0) and by 46.9% 30 min after stimulation offset (T30). When we analyzed the 2 lower-limb flexion reflex components (RII tactile and RIII nociceptive) separately, we found that anodal tsDCS induced a significant reduction in RIII area with a slight but not significant effect on RII area. After anodal tsDCS, the RIII area decreased by 27% at T0 and by 28% at T30. Both sham and active tsDCS left all the tested H-reflex variables unchanged. None of our subjects reported adverse effects after active stimulation. These results suggest that tsDCS holds promise as a tool that is complementary or alternative to drugs and invasive spinal cord electrical stimulation for managing pain. Thoracic transcutaneous direct current stimulation induces depression of nociceptive lower limb flexion reflex in human beings that persists after stimulation offset; this form of stimulation holds promise as a tool that is complementary or alternative to drugs and invasive spinal cord electrical stimulation for managing pain. © 2010 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the attentional processing of emotional information in major depression: A pilot study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is as a promising therapeutic tool for major depressive disorder. However, the degree of clinical improvement following rTMS treatment still remains questionable. This pilot study aimed at investigating potential working mechanisms of rTMS by examining the effects on attentional processing towards negative information, a proposed underlying cognitive vulnerability factor for depression. The antidepressant effect of high-frequency (10 Hz) rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and possible effects on the inhibitory processing of emotional information was assessed in a sample of 14 depressed patients immediately after the first stimulation session and at the end of a 2-week treatment period. One session of rTMS caused neither significant self-reported mood changes, nor improvements in inhibitory control towards negative information. After a 10-day treatment period, nine out of our 14 patients demonstrated significant mood improvements, as indexed by a reduction of more than 50% on the Hamilton depression rating scale. Responders also demonstrated significant improvements in the inhibitory processing of negative information. This study contributed to the existing evidence of the antidepressant effect of rTMS in the treatment of depression and additionally was able to demonstrate improvements in underlying deficiencies in inhibitory processes towards negative information. © 2009 Elsevier B.V.
Beneficial effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation combined with cognitive training for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease: a proof of concept study$$$ The current drug treatment for Alzheimer's disease (AD) is only partially and temporary effective. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a non-invasive technique that generates an electric current inducing modulation in cortical excitability. In addition, cognitive training (COG) may improve cognitive functions in AD. Our aim was to treat AD patients combining high-frequency repetitive TMS interlaced with COG (rTMS-COG). Eight patients with probable AD, treated for more than 2 months with cholinesterase inhibitors, were subjected to daily rTMS-COG sessions (5/week) for 6 weeks, followed by maintenance sessions (2/week) for an additional 3 months. Six brain regions, located individually by MRI, were stimulated. COG tasks were developed to fit these regions. Primary objectives were average improvement of Alzheimer Disease Assessment Scale-Cognitive (ADAS-cog) and Clinical Global Impression of Change (CGIC) (after 6 weeks and 4.5 months, compared to baseline). Secondary objectives were average improvement of MMSE, ADAS-ADL, Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMILTON) and Neuropsychiatric Inventory (NPI). One patient abandoned the study after 2 months (severe urinary sepsis). ADAS-cog (average) improved by approximately 4 points after both 6 weeks and 4.5 months of treatment (P < 0.01 and P < 0.05) and CGIC by 1.0 and 1.6 points, respectively. MMSE, ADAS-ADL and HAMILTON improved, but without statistical significance. NPI did not change. No side effects were recorded. In this study, rTMS-COG (provided by Neuronix Ltd., Yokneam, Israel) seems a promising effective and safe modality for AD treatment, possibly as good as cholinesterase inhibitors. A European double blind study is underway. © 2011 Springer-Verlag.
Psychopharmacology: A house divided$$$ Background: Psychopharmacology and psychiatry during the past 50. years have focused on the specificity model in which it is assumed that psychiatric disorders are specific entities which should respond to drugs with specific mechanisms of action. However, the validity of this model has been challenged by the approval of multiple drugs for the same disorder, as well as the approval of single agents for a variety of disorders which have little in common. As an example of this unacknowledged paradigm shift, I will examine the foundation for using antipsychotics in the treatment of depression. Methods: An extensive literature search of studies investigating various mechanisms of actions of antipsychotics and antidepressants with the goal of identifying neurochemical processes common to both. Results: The neurochemical differences in these classes of drugs appear to be profound, although several processes are common in both, including some degree of neuroprotection and changes in the epigenome. Whether these common features have any effect on clinical outcome remains in doubt. Conclusions: While psychopharmacology and psychiatry remain largely committed to the specificity model, it appears that clinicians are prescribing on a dimensional model wherein symptoms are being treated with a variety of drugs, regardless of the diagnosis. © 2010.
Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis: Pathophysiology, diagnosis and management$$$ Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS) is a progressive neurodegenerative disease associated with a life expectancy of approximately 3 years after symptom onset, but the range of survival extends from a few months for some to decades for approximately 5 of patients. There is no clear cause in the majority of cases and just one medication, riluzole, has been shown to modestly prolong survival.Research has identified some of the cellular processes that occur after disease onset, including mitochondrial dysfunction, protein aggregation, generation of free radicals, excitotoxicity, inflammation and apoptosis, but for most patients the underlying cause is unknown. While ALS is considered to be a complex genetic disorder in which multiple genes in combination with environmental exposures combine to render a person susceptible, few genetic or environmental risks have been discovered to date.The diagnosis is based on the history and examination showing progressive upper and lower motor neuron findings. The electromyogram can help confirm the diagnosis, and additional tests are used to exclude other conditions.Published practice parameters guide the care of patients with ALS. Until the elucidation of aetiologies leads to the development of more robust neuroprotective agents, both pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatments are directed at maintaining quality of life and prolonging life to the greatest extent possible. Riluzole, ventilatory support for those with respiratory insufficiency, gastrostomy for those with dysphagia and multidisciplinary care may help extend life. The off-label use of many symptomatic agents can have a meaningful impact for those with the illness. Palliative care ensures dignity toward the end stages of the disease.Clinical trials currently aim to slow disease progression by testing drugs that impact one or more of the processes that are initiated after disease onset. Novel therapies currently in trials include potential neuroprotective agents with differing mechanisms of action, vaccine therapies, stem cell injections and diaphragmatic pacing. © 2011 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Role of the mTOR signaling pathway in the rapid antidepressant action of ketamine$$$ Evaluation of: Li N, Lee B, Liu RJ et al. mTOR-dependent synapse formation underlies the rapid antidepressant effects of NMDA antagonists. Science 329, 959-964 (2010). Some patients with major depressive disorder remain resistant to antidepressant medication. A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind trial demonstrated that a single subanesthetic dose (0.5 mg/kg) of the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor antagonist ketamine caused a rapid antidepressant effect within hours in treatment-resistant patients with major depressive disorder. However, the precise cellular mechanisms underlying ketamines rapid antidepressant actions were unclear, although it is proposed that the α-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methylisoxazole-4-propionic acid receptor might be involved in these mechanisms. Recently, Li et al. reported the role of the mammalian target of rapamycin (mTOR) signaling pathway, a ubiquitous protein kinase involved in protein synthesis and synaptic plasticity, in ketamines rapid antidepressant effects. Here, these findings are put into context and their significance is discussed.
Mood stabilizers for patients with bipolar disorder: The state of the art$$$ Bipolar disorder (BD) is a prevalent and disabling condition, often comorbid with other medical and psychiatric conditions and frequently misdiagnosed. International treatment guidelines for BD recommend the use of mood stabilizers - either in monotherapy or in association - as the gold standard in both acute and long-term therapy. Commonly used in the clinical practice of BD, mood stabilizers have represented an evolving field over the last few years. The concept of stabilization, in fact, has been stressed as the ultimate objective of the treatment of BD, given the chronic and recurrent nature of the illness, which accounts for its significant levels of impairment and disability. To date, different compounds are included within the broad class of mood stabilizers, with lithium, anticonvulsants and, more recently, atypical antipsychotics being the most representative agents. This article is aimed at providing an updated review of the available literature in relation to the role of mood stabilizers in BD, with particular emphasis on their mechanism of action, main clinical aspects and specific use in the different phases of BD treatment, according to the most recently published international treatment guidelines.
Combination of noninvasive brain stimulation with pharmacotherapy$$$ Noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) techniques are being increasingly investigated as a therapeutic approach for neuropsychiatric disorders. One method is to combine NIBS with pharmacotherapy to enhance the clinical effects or avoid an increase in drug dosages to decrease the incidence of side effects. However, few studies to date have investigated the relative and combined efficacy of NIBS with pharmacotherapy. Based on a literature review of previous studies and meta-analyses for major depression, we identified four randomized, controlled trials that tested the combination of NIBS with a new drug and two trials that directly compared NIBS versus pharmacotherapy. There was no study designed to address the relative efficacy of each intervention against placebo and against combined therapy. We discuss the methods and rationale of NIBS-pharmacotherapy trials, addressing some methodological aspects, including factorial design, recruitment, blinding, blinding assessment, placebo effect and quantitative aspects, such as power analysis, statistics and interaction effects. Our review of the methodology underlying NIBS-drug trials provides insights for the further clinical research development of NIBS in major depression.
Ethnic Identity and Personal Well-Being of People of Color: A Meta-Analysis$$$ This article summarizes research examining the relationship between the constructs of ethnic identity and personal well-being among people of color in North America. Data from 184 studies analyzed with random effects models yielded an omnibus effect size of r = 17, suggesting a modest relationship between the 2 constructs. The relationship was somewhat stronger among adolescents and young adults than among adults over age 40. No differences were observed across participant race, gender, or socioeconomic status, which findings support the general relevance of ethnic identity across people of color. Studies correlating ethnic identity with self-esteem and positive well-being yielded average effect sizes twice as large as those from studies correlating ethnic identity with personal distress or mental health symptoms. Ethnic identity was thus more strongly related to positive well-being than to compromised well-being. Overall, the corpus of research reviewed consisted of correlational designs; limited scholarship has addressed causal mechanisms, mediating factors, or psychological functions of ethnic identity across different social contexts. © 2010 American Psychological Association.
Steroid 5α-reductase as a novel therapeutic target for schizophrenia and other neuropsychiatric disorders$$$ The enzyme steroid 5α-reductase (S5αR) catalyzes the conversion of Δ4-3-ketosteroid precursors -such as testosterone, progesterone and androstenedione -into their 5α-reduced metabolites. Although the current nomenclature assigns five enzymes to the S5αR family, only the types 1 and 2 appear to play an important role in steroidogenesis, mediating an overlapping set of reactions, albeit with distinct chemical characteristics and anatomical distribution. The discovery that the 5α-reduced metabolite of testosterone, 5α-dihydrotestosterone (DHT), is the most potent androgen and stimulates prostatic growth led to the development of S5αR inhibitors with high efficacy and tolerability. Two of these agents, finasteride and dutasteride, have received official approval for the treatment of benign prostatic hyperplasia and are being tested for prevention of prostate cancer. Finasteride is also approved for male-pattern alopecia and has been shown to induce very limited side effects. Over the last decade, converging lines of evidence have highlighted the role of 5α-reduced steroids and their precursors in brain neurotransmission and behavioral regulation. Capitalizing on these premises, we and other groups have recently investigated the role of S5αR in neuropsychiatric disorders. Our preliminary data suggest that S5αR inhibitors may elicit therapeutic effects in a number of disorders associated with dopaminergic hyperreactivity, including psychotic disorders, Tourette syndrome and impulse control disorders. In the present article, we review emerging preclinical and clinical evidence related to these effects, and discuss some of the potential mechanisms underlying the role of S5αR in the pathophysiology of mental disorders. © 2011 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Osteoarthritis: An update with relevance for clinical practice$$$ Osteoarthritis is thought to be the most prevalent chronic joint disease. The incidence of osteoarthritis is rising because of the ageing population and the epidemic of obesity. Pain and loss of function are the main clinical features that lead to treatment, including non-pharmacological, pharmacological, and surgical approaches. Clinicians recognise that the diagnosis of osteoarthritis is established late in the disease process, maybe too late to expect much help from disease-modifying drugs. Despite efforts over the past decades to develop markers of disease, still-imaging procedures and biochemical marker analyses need to be improved and possibly extended with more specific and sensitive methods to reliably describe disease processes, to diagnose the disease at an early stage, to classify patients according to their prognosis, and to follow the course of disease and treatment effectiveness. In the coming years, a better definition of osteoarthritis is expected by delineating different phenotypes of the disease. Treatment targeted more specifically at these phenotypes might lead to improved outcomes. © 2011 Elsevier Ltd.
Deep brain stimulation: Current and future clinical applications$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) has developed during the past 20 years as a remarkable treatment option for several different disorders. Advances in technology and surgical techniques have essentially replaced ablative procedures for most of these conditions. Stimulation of the ventralis intermedius nucleus of the thalamus has clearly been shown to markedly improve tremor control in patients with essential tremor and tremor related to Parkinson disease. Symptoms of bradykinesia, tremor, gait disturbance, and rigidity can be significantly improved in patients with Parkinson disease. Because of these improvements, a decrease in medication can be instrumental in reducing the disabling features of dyskinesias in such patients. Primary dystonia has been shown to respond well to DBS of the globus pallidus internus. The success of these procedures has led to application of these techniques to multiple other debilitating conditions such as neuropsychiatric disorders, intractable pain, epilepsy, camptocormia, headache, restless legs syndrome, and Alzheimer disease. The literature analysis was performed using a MEDLINE search from 1980 through 2010 with the term deep brain stimulation, and several double-blind and larger case series were chosen for inclusion in this review. The exact mechanism of DBS is not fully understood. This review summarizes many of the current and potential future clinical applications of this technology. © 2011 Mayo Foundation for Medical Education and Research.
Vision restoration after brain and retina damage: The "residual vision activation theory"$$$ Vision loss after retinal or cerebral visual injury (CVI) was long considered to be irreversible. However, there is considerable potential for vision restoration and recovery even in adulthood. Here, we propose the "residual vision activation theory" of how visual functions can be reactivated and restored. CVI is usually not complete, but some structures are typically spared by the damage. They include (i) areas of partial damage at the visual field border, (ii) "islands" of surviving tissue inside the blind field, (iii) extrastriate pathways unaffected by the damage, and (iv) downstream, higher-level neuronal networks. However, residual structures have a triple handicap to be fully functional: (i) fewer neurons, (ii) lack of sufficient attentional resources because of the dominant intact hemisphere caused by excitation/inhibition dysbalance, and (iii) disturbance in their temporal processing. Because of this resulting activation loss, residual structures are unable to contribute much to everyday vision, and their "non-use" further impairs synaptic strength. However, residual structures can be reactivated by engaging them in repetitive stimulation by different means: (i) visual experience, (ii) visual training, or (iii) noninvasive electrical brain current stimulation. These methods lead to strengthening of synaptic transmission and synchronization of partially damaged structures (within-systems plasticity) and downstream neuronal networks (network plasticity). Just as in normal perceptual learning, synaptic plasticity can improve vision and lead to vision restoration. This can be induced at any time after the lesion, at all ages and in all types of visual field impairments after retinal or brain damage (stroke, neurotrauma, glaucoma, amblyopia, age-related macular degeneration). If and to what extent vision restoration can be achieved is a function of the amount of residual tissue and its activation state. However, sustained improvements require repetitive stimulation which, depending on the method, may take days (noninvasive brain stimulation) or months (behavioral training). By becoming again engaged in everyday vision, (re)activation of areas of residual vision outlasts the stimulation period, thus contributing to lasting vision restoration and improvements in quality of life. © 2011 Elsevier B.V.
Analgesic properties of a dexmedetomidine infusion after uvulopalatopharyngoplasty in patients with obstructive sleep apnea$$$ Background: Dexmedetomidine is an alpha 2-adrenergic agonist with sedative and analgesic properties. This study aimed to investigate if the use of a continuous dexmedetomidine infusion with i.v. morphine patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) could improve postoperative analgesia while reducing opioid consumption and opioid-related side effects. Methods: In this prospective randomized, double-blinded, controlled study, 39 patients with obstructive sleep apnea syndrome undergoing uvulopalatopharyngoplasty were assigned to two groups. Group D (dexmedetomidine group) received a loading dose of dexmedetomidine 1 g.kg-1 i.v., 30 minutes before the anticipated end of surgery, followed by infusion at 0.6 g.kg-1 h-1 for 24 hours. Group P (placebo group) received a bolus and infusion of placebo. In both groups, postoperative pain was initially controlled by i.v. morphine titration and then PCA with morphine. Cumulative PCA morphine consumption, pain intensities, sedation scores, cardiovascular and respiratory variables and opioid-related adverse effects were recorded for 48 hours after operation. Results: Compared with placebo group, patients in the dexmedetomidine group required 52.7% less PCA morphine during the first 24 hours postoperatively, with significantly better visual analogue scale scores, less incidence of respiratory obstruction (5 vs. 12 patients, respectively; P =.037) and longer time to first analgesic request (21 (11) vs. 9 (4) minutes; P =.002). Fewer patients in group D experienced nausea and vomiting than those in group P (7 vs. 24 patients, respectively; P <.05). Conclusion: Continuous dexmedetomidine infusion may be a useful analgesic adjuvant for patients susceptible to opioid-induced respiratory depression.
Symptom management in gynecologic malignancies$$$ Patients with gynecologic cancer experience significant symptom burden throughout their disease course and treatment, which negatively impacts their quality of life. The most common symptoms in gynecologic cancer include pain, fatigue, depression and anxiety. Palliative care, including symptom management, focuses on the prevention and relief of suffering and improvement in quality of life, irrespective of prognosis. In a comprehensive cancer care model, palliative care, including symptom management, is offered concurrently with anticancer therapies throughout the disease course, not just at the end of life and not only once curative attempts have been abandoned. Good symptom management begins with routine symptom assessment and use of a standardized screening tool can help identify patients with high symptom burden. Literature regarding epidemiology, assessment and management of pain, fatigue, nausea/vomiting, lymphedema, ascites, depression, anxiety and sexual dysfunction in gynecologic oncology patients will be reviewed in this article. © 2011 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia$$$ One of the fundamental prerequisites of the successful schizophrenia treatment is represented by an adequately significant impact on the negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Since the present pharmacotherapy has probably reached its limit in this area, there is a logical effort to utilize other, non-pharmacological methods. One of the most promising supplements that has been for a long time verified in the clinical practice is rTMS. Most of the studies have arrived at the conclusion that rTMS is an efficient method in the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. A valuable contribution to the assessment of the rTMS application in the treatment of negative symptoms is represented by meta-analyses. The meta-analyses indicate that the effect is mild to moderate (d=0.43 to 0.68). To sum it up, there will be higher probability of the rTMS effect on negative symptoms if 10 Hz stimulating frequency and a longer stimulation period in the extent at least three, ideally four to six weeks is used. ©2011 Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Meta-analysis of transcranial magnetic stimulation to treat post-stroke dysfunction$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) on post-stroke dysfunction. DATA SOURCES: A computer-based online search of the VIP and PubMed databases was performed to identify TMS studies published between January 1989 and December 2010 using the key words "transcranial magnetic stimulation, stroke" in Chinese and English. A total of 61 articles were collected. STUDY SELECTION: Repetitive articles were excluded. Articles published recently in the authoritative journals of the same domain were selected. The full-text of selected articles was searched. A total of seven articles were randomized controlled experiments regarding the application of TMS in the treatment of post-stroke dysfunction. The methodology quality of included articles was evaluated according to standards of Cochrane Reviewer's Handbook system and analyzed using RevMand4.2 software. MAIN OUTCOME MEASURES: Therapeutic effects and difference evaluation indices were represented by odds ratios, weighted mean difference (WMD) and 95% confidence interval (CI). Potential publication bias was described using a funnel plot. RESULTS: A total of seven randomized, controlled studies were included involving 281 patients. Following TMS treatment, meta-analysis results revealed that scores in the Mini-Mental State Examination were higher in the TMS group compared with the control group [WMD = 3.96, 95% CI (2.44, 5.49), P = 0.08]; scores in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression were significantly lower in the TMS group compared with the control group [WMD = -6.21, 95% CI (-7.55, -4.87), P = 0.92]; scores in National Institutes of Health Stroke Scale were lower following TMS treatment compared with the control group [WMD = -0.89, 95% CI (-1.98, 0.19), P = 0.04]. Performance of patients undergoing TMS treatment was better than the controls in the line bisection test [WMD = -0.78, 95% CI (-1.43, -0.12), P = 0.005] and line cancellation test [WMD = -0.47, 95% CI (-0.78, -0.15), P < 0.000 01]. Sensitivity analysis produced identical results after eliminating articles with unknown diagnostic standards or statistical methods. CONCLUSION: TMS effectively improved post-stroke dysfunction, manifested by improved cognitive function and memory performance compared with controls.
Pharmacotherapy for treatment-resistant$$$ Schizophrenia is a disabling mental illness with a lifetime prevalence of 0.7% worldwide and significant, often devastating, consequences on social and occupational functioning. A range of antipsychotic medications are available; however, suboptimal therapeutic response in terms of psychotic symptoms is common and affects up to one-third of people with schizophrenia. Negative symptoms are generally less amenable to treatment. Because of the consequences of inadequate symptom control, effective treatment strategies are required for people with treatment-resistant schizophrenia. Clozapine has been shown to be more effective than other antipsychotics in treatment-resistant populations in several studies; however, the occurrence of adverse effects, some of which are potentially life-threatening, are important limitations. In addition to those who are intolerant to clozapine, only 30% to 50% experience clinically significant symptom improvement. This review describes the recent evidence for treatment strategies for people not responding to nonclozapine antipsychotic agents and people not responding or only partially responding to clozapine. © 2011 Mcilwain et al.
The treatment of super-refractory status epilepticus: A critical review of available therapies and a clinical treatment protocol$$$ Super-refractory status epilepticus is defined as status epilepticus that continues or recurs 24h or more after the onset of anaesthetic therapy, including those cases where status epilepticus recurs on the reduction or withdrawal of anaesthesia. It is an uncommon but important clinical problem with high mortality and morbidity rates. This article reviews the treatment approaches. There are no controlled or randomized studies, and so therapy has to be based on clinical reports and opinion. The published world literature on the following treatments was critically evaluated: anaesthetic agents, anti-epileptic drugs, magnesium infusion, pyridoxine, steroids and immunotherapy, ketogenic diet, hypothermia, emergency resective neurosurgery and multiple subpial transection, transcranial magnetic stimulation, vagal nerve stimulation, deep brain stimulation, electroconvulsive therapy, drainage of the cerebrospinal fluid and other older drug therapies. The importance of treating the identifying cause is stressed. A protocol and flowchart for managing super-refractory status epilepticus is suggested. In view of the small number of published reports, there is an urgent need for the establishment of a database of outcomes of individual therapies. © 2011 The Author.
Multiple sclerosis and depression$$$ Clinically significant depression can affect up to 50% of patients with multiple sclerosis over the course of their lifetime. It is associated with an increased morbidity and mortality and is regarded by patients as one of the main determinants of their quality of life. This review summarizes current perspectives relating to diagnosis, the utility of self report screening questionnaires, warning signs of suicidal intent and the biological and psychosocial variables implicated in mood change. In particular, the association between depression and structural brain abnormalities, including those derived from diffusion tensor imaging, is highlighted. Depression is treatable, as the results from randomized controlled trials of antidepressant medication, cognitive behavior therapy and mindfulness therapy, reveal. These positive findings are offset by data showing that depression in a neurological setting is often overlooked and under treated. © 2011 SAGE Publications.
Targeting treatment-resistant depression$$$ Only 50% of depressed patients achieve remission of symptoms after 2 trials of antidepressants. Therefore one half of patients are considered treatment resistant. Studies have shown that with each failed antidepressant, chances of remission continue to decline. Untreated depressive symptoms lead to impaired social and occupational function, decline of physical health, suicidal thoughts, and increased health care utilization. Clinicians recognize there is an urgent need to find an efficacious treatment, but it becomes more difficult to decide on an appropriate therapy once a patient has failed 2 to 3 trials of antidepressants. An evidence-based review was performed to assess the efficacy and safety of several different antidepressant strategies to help the clinician decide which may be beneficial for specific patients. © SAGE Publications 2011.
Agomelatine in unipolar depression in clinical practice: A retrospective chart review$$$ Agomelatine (Valdoxan), a synthetic melatonergic receptor agonist at the MT1 and MT2 receptors, was first used in the management of sleep disorder. Its 5HT2C receptor antagonistic properties support its antidepressant potential. It is currently licensed in the UK, Europe and USA for the treatment of major depressive disorder. Although the randomized controlled evidence base for its use is growing, there are no retrospective, naturalistic studies available. We aimed to determine the tolerability and clinical effectiveness of agomelatine in unipolar depression. We also examined whether being refractory to treatment altered clinical outcome. Forty-eight patient records were examined. Twenty-five percent were treatment refractory: Clinical Global Impression (CGI) Severity score at the start of treatment was 3.81 compared with 3.38 at the end of treatment. Fifty-four percent improved at least minimally; only 12.5% were much or very much improved. Treatment-refractory patients had a poorer outcome with higher discontinuation rates and lower CGI Improvement (p = 0.0205). Treatment-refractory patients also had a higher CGI Severity score at the end of treatment than at treatment commencement (3.92 versus 3.75), although this was not statistically significant. © SAGE Publications 2011.
How placebos change the Patient's brain$$$ Although placebos have long been considered a nuisance in clinical research, today they represent an active and productive field of research and, because of the involvement of many mechanisms, the study of the placebo effect can actually be viewed as a melting pot of concepts and ideas for neuroscience. Indeed, there exists not a single but many placebo effects, with different mechanisms and in different systems, medical conditions, and therapeutic interventions. For example, brain mechanisms of expectation, anxiety, and reward are all involved, as well as a variety of learning phenomena, such as Pavlovian conditioning, cognitive, and social learning. There is also some experimental evidence of different genetic variants in placebo responsiveness. The most productive models to better understand the neurobiology of the placebo effect are pain and Parkinson's disease. In these medical conditions, the neural networks that are involved have been identified: that is, the opioidergic-cholecystokinergic-dopaminergic modulatory network in pain and part of the basal ganglia circuitry in Parkinson's disease. Important clinical implications emerge from these recent advances in placebo research. First, as the placebo effect is basically a psychosocial context effect, these data indicate that different social stimuli, such as words and rituals of the therapeutic act, may change the chemistry and circuitry of the patient's brain. Second, the mechanisms that are activated by placebos are the same as those activated by drugs, which suggests a cognitive/affective interference with drug action. Third, if prefrontal functioning is impaired, placebo responses are reduced or totally lacking, as occurs in dementia of the Alzheimer's type. © 2011 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Efficacy of adjunctive high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of left prefrontal cortex in depression: A randomized sham controlled study$$$ Objective: To examine the efficacy of adjunctive left prefrontal high-frequency rTMS treatment in depression patients as compared to sham stimulation. Method: 45 right handed moderate to severe depression patients according to ICD-10 DCR criteria were randomized to receive daily sessions of active or sham rTMS (10 Hz, 90% of resting MT, 20 trains, 6 s duration, 1200 pulses/day) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 10 days. Depression and psychosis was rated using Structured Interview Guide for the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (SIGH-D) and Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) respectively before and after rTMS. Result: For SIGH-D scores, repeated measures ANOVA showed a significant effect of treatment over time as shown by interaction effect (Pillai's Trace F [1/38] = 56.75, p < .001, η2 = .60). For BPRS, repeated measures ANOVA showed a significant interaction effect of treatment over time (Pillai's Trace F [1/38] = 39.87, p < .001, η2 = .51). In psychotic depression patients, repeated measures ANOVA showed a significant effect of treatment over time for SIGH-D scores (Pillai's Trace F [1/25] = 43.04, p<.001, η2 = .63) and BPRS scores (Pillai's Trace F [1/25] = 42.17, p < .001, η2 = .63). Conclusion: High-frequency left prefrontal rTMS was well tolerated and found to be effective as add-on to standard pharmacotherapy in nonpsychotic as well as psychotic depression. © 2010 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Frontocingulate dysfunction in depression: Toward biomarkers of treatment response$$$ Increased rostral anterior cingulate cortex (rACC) activity has emerged as a promising predictor of treatment response in depression, but neither the reliability of this relationship nor the mechanisms supporting it have been thoroughly investigated. This review takes a three-pronged approach to these issues. First, I present a meta-analysis demonstrating that the relationship between resting rACC activity and treatment response is robust. Second, I propose that the rACC plays a key role in treatment outcome because of its 'hub' position in the default network. Specifically, I hypothesize that elevated resting rACC activity confers better treatment outcomes by fostering adaptive self-referential processing and by helping to recalibrate relationships between the default network and a 'task-positive network' that comprises dorsolateral prefrontal and dorsal cingulate regions implicated in cognitive control. Third, I support this hypothesis by reviewing neuropsychological, electrophysiological, and neuroimaging data on frontocingulate dysfunction in depression. The review ends with a discussion of the limitations of current work and future directions. © 2011 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Sertraline vs. ELectrical Current Therapy for Treating Depression Clinical Trial - SELECT TDCS: Design, rationale and objectives$$$ Background: Despite significant advancements in psychopharmacology, treating major depressive disorder (MDD) is still a challenge considering the efficacy, tolerability, safety, and economical costs of most antidepressant drugs. One approach that has been increasingly investigated is modulation of cortical activity with tools of non-invasive brain stimulation - such as transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). Due to its profile, tDCS seems to be a safe and affordable approach. Methods and design: The SELECT TDCS trial aims to compare sertraline vs. tDCS in a double-blinded, randomized, factorial trial enrolling 120 participants to be allocated to four groups to receive sertraline. +. tDCS, sertraline, tDCS or placebo. Eligibility criteria are moderate-to-severe unipolar depression (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale > 17) not currently on sertraline treatment. Treatment will last 6. weeks and the primary outcome is depression change in the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Score (MADRS). Potential biological markers that mediate response, such as BDNF serum levels, Val66Met BDNF polymorphism, and heart rate variability will also be examined. A neuropsychological battery with a focus on executive functioning will be administered. Discussion: With this design we will be able to investigate whether tDCS is more effective than placebo in a sample of patients free of antidepressants and in addition, we will be able to secondarily compare the effect sizes of sertraline vs. tDCS and also the comparison between tDCS and combination of tDCS and sertraline. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Depression: A repair response to stress-induced neuronal microdamage that can grade into a chronic neuroinflammatory condition?$$$ Depression is a major contributor to the global burden of disease and disability, yet it is poorly understood. Here we review data supporting a novel theoretical model for the biology of depression. In this model, a stressful life event leads to microdamage in the brain. This damage triggers an injury repair response consisting of a neuroinflammatory phase to clear cellular debris and a spontaneous tissue regeneration phase involving neurotrophins and neurogenesis. During healing, released inflammatory mediators trigger sickness behavior and psychological pain via mechanisms similar to those that produce physical pain during wound healing. The depression remits if the neuronal injury repair process resolves successfully. Importantly, however, the acute psychological pain and neuroinflammation often transition to chronicity and develop into pathological depressive states. This hypothesis for depression explains substantially more data than alternative models, including why emerging data show that analgesic, anti-inflammatory, pro-neurogenic and pro-neurotrophic treatments have antidepressant effects. Thus, an acute depressive episode can be conceptualized as a normally self-limiting but highly error-prone process of recuperation from stress-triggered neuronal microdamage. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Evidence for GABAergic inhibitory deficits in major depressive disorder$$$ Converging evidence suggests that deficits in gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) functioning are implicated in the pathophysiology of major depressive disorder (MDD). This is highlighted by research investigating cortical inhibition (CI), a process whereby GABAergic interneurons selectively attenuate pyramidal neurons. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) paradigms evaluate this marker of neuronal inhibitory activity in the cortex. This review will examine the neuroanatomic and neurophysiological evidence from neuroimaging, molecular, treatment, and TMS studies linking dysfunctional GABAergic neurotransmission to MDD. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Increased risk of suicide under intrathecal ziconotide treatment? - A warning$$$ Despite some other known psychiatric adverse effects, ziconotide is recommended for intrathecal pain treatment with a good efficacy and safety. Although some hints in previous studies are apparent, a higher suicidality has not been accepted as a treatment risk of ziconotide treatment by the investigators in the former randomized controlled trials so far. We present two cases supporting the suspicion of ziconotide-induced suicidality. Both showed no depressive symptoms at the time of treatment initiation. One patient performed suicide under low-dose (cumulative dosage: 779 μg) 4 weeks after the onset of intrathecal ziconotide treatment despite sufficient pain relief. Another female patient with a history of depression, but free of symptoms under antidepressive medication since more than 15 years, developed severe suicidal ideation 2 months after ziconotide treatment (cumulative dosage: about 2900 μg) with rapid recovery after drug discontinuation. The patient, who has completed suicide, had earlier given rise to discuss a potential depressive disorder, however, this diagnosis was scrapped, but the second patient had a clear history of depression. These cases substantiate the suspicion of a causal relationship between ziconotide and suicidality even in symptom-free patients with a history of depression. Therefore, a comprehensive psychiatric evaluation is unavoidable before and during ziconotide treatment. © 2010 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Fast left prefrontal rTMS acutely suppresses analgesic effects of perceived controllability on the emotional component of pain experience$$$ The prefrontal cortex may be a promising target for transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the management of pain. It is not clear how prefrontal TMS affects pain perception, but previous findings suggest that ventral lateral and medial prefrontal circuits may comprise an important part of a circuit of perceived controllability regarding pain, stress, and learned helplessness. Although the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is a common TMS target for treating clinical depression as well as modulating pain, little is known about whether TMS over this area may affect perceived controllability. The present study explored the immediate effects of fast TMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on the analgesic effects of perceived pain controllability. Twenty-four healthy volunteers underwent a laboratory pain task designed to manipulate perception of pain controllability. Real TMS, compared with sham, suppressed the analgesic benefits of perceived control on the emotional dimension of pain, but not the sensory/discriminatory dimension. Findings suggest that, at least acutely, fast TMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may interrupt the perceived-controllability effect on the emotional dimension of pain experience. Although it is not clear whether this cortical area is directly involved with modulating perceived controllability or whether downstream effects are responsible for the present findings, it appears possible that left dorsolateral prefrontal TMS may produce analgesic effects by acting through a cortical perceived-control circuit regulating limbic and brainstem areas of the pain circuit. Despite evidence that prefrontal TMS can have analgesic effects, fast left prefrontal TMS appears to acutely suppress analgesia associated with perceived-control. This effect may be limited to the emotional dimension of pain experience. © 2010 International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Treating bipolar depression - Antidepressants and alternatives: A critical review of the literature$$$ Objective: Although depressive symptoms are preponderant in the course of bipolar (BP) disorders, the treatment of BP depression remains a controversial issue with different clinical approaches available. This review addresses the issues of whether antidepressants (ADs) are effective in treating acute and long-term BP depression, risks linked to ADs and what alternatives to ADs are available. Methods: We searched the MEDLINE databases using the following syntax: [bipolar depression AND unipolar depression AND (antidepressants OR anticonvulsants OR lithium OR antipsychotics OR dopamine-agonists OR psychoeducation OR psychotherapy OR electroconvulsive therapy OR transcranial magnetic stimulation)]. The search included studies published up to 31 May 2009 and conducted on adults. Results: In the acute treatment of BP depression ADs are effective with no differences among drug classes. However, neither the switch into (hypo)mania induction rate nor the suicide risk linked to AD use are definitely established. The effectiveness of long-term AD use is limited to highly selected samples of patients with positive acute response. The risk of long-term ADs causing cycle acceleration and rapid cycling induction concerns a subpopulation of patients. Valid alternatives to ADs in treating acute BP depression are quetiapine, an olanzapine-fluoxetine combination, and electroconvulsive therapy for more severe patients. Lamotrigine is effective and safe in preventing depressive relapses. Psychotherapy and psychoeducation represent effective adjunctive treatments. Conclusion: In the treatment of BP depression there is not a specific effective treatment for all the patients. Interventions should therefore be personalised and the scientific evidence should be adapted to each patient's clinical features. © 2011 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
The GNB3 C825T polymorphism as a pharmacogenetic marker in the treatment of hypertension, obesity, and depression$$$ Heterotrimeric guanine-binding proteins (G proteins) transmit signals from the cell surface to intracellular signal cascades. The β3-subunit encoded by the gene GNB3 is widely expressed and, therefore, involved in various physiological and pathophysiological processes. A C825T polymorphism located in exon 10 of GNB3 was described in 1998 and the T allele was associated with alternative splicing and with increased signal transduction in human cells and tissues. In several disease-association studies, the 825T allele could be linked to hypertension, obesity, and depression. Meta-analysis available for hypertension and depression confirmed association with these phenotypes. On the basis of these findings, subsequent studies investigated whether the C825T polymorphism serves as a pharmacogenetic marker. Most pharmacogenetic investigations have focused on the treatment of hypertension, obesity, and depression. In this study, we will comprehensively describe and discuss these studies. © 2011 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Depression in adults: drug and physical treatments$$$ INTRODUCTION: Depression may affect up to 10% of the population, with half of affected people having recurrence of their symptoms. In mild to moderate depression, there is no reliable evidence that any one treatment is superior in improving symptoms of depression, but the strength of evidence supporting different treatments varies. In severe depression, only prescription antidepressants and electroconvulsive therapy are known to improve symptoms.
Utilization of a comprehension assessment to confirm informed consent for research in depressed patients who have started electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Verification of consent comprehension is vital in depressed research patients receiving ECT, as both illness and treatment can hinder understanding. Objective: To ensure that depressed research patients demonstrated sufficient understanding of a study and could provide informed consent even after receiving ECT treatment. Methods: 22 subjects were medically cleared to participate in the IRB-approved study “Acceleration and Relapse Prevention with Triiodothyronine as an Adjunct to Electroconvulsive Therapy.” Subjects verified orientation, and answered six True/False questions to clarify understanding of the presence of a placebo control, the timing of study medication and visits, and risks and benefits of enrollment. Questions answered incorrectly prompted the query for clarification by asking “Can you explain what you mean?” The final two questions were interpreted correctly as either true or false, depending upon the explanation provided by the subject. All subjects demonstrated clear comprehension of the study details by answering all questions correctly. Results: 22 depressed subjects (13 women) were enrolled, 19 with unipolar depression and 3 with bipolar. The mean symptom severity score on the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression was 32.91 (±7.68). Average motor seizure duration for the first ECT was 55.18 seconds (±41.03), with a mean EEG seizure of 75.91 seconds (±46.43). All 22 subjects completed the comprehension assessment with 100% accuracy. Conclusions: This comprehension assessment provided assurance of informed consent for even severely depressed patients already pursuing a course of ECT for unipolar or bipolar depression.
Successful use of right ultra-brief electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of catatonia, psychotic depression, and motor fluctuations associated with advanced idiopathic parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Parkinson's disease (PD) is a movement disorder frequently associated with depression, psychosis, and, rarely, catatonia. Despite the effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating concurrent mood and motor symptoms, clinicians are reluctant to use ECT in PD for fear of worsening cognitive deficits. Recent studies have shown that right-unilateral ultra-brief pulse ECT (RU-UBP) has a favorable side-effect profile, yet has never been reported in the treatment for PD. Case History: The authors present the case of a 77- year-old woman with a 10-year history of PD, with severe dyskinesia and motor fluctuations, who developed psychotic depression and catatonia. The patient received an acute course of RU-UBP ECT (Thymatron, Illinois). After 8 sessions, her catatonia resolved; her mood and psychotic symptoms remitted; and her dyskinesia and motor fluctuations reduced. She subsequently discontinued her dopamine agonist and halved her levodopa while continuing maintenance ECT. Worsening of her tremor was temporally associated with a drop in her mood, shaping the patient's ECT treatment strategy. Fourteen months later, the concurrent benefits on mood and motor symptoms continue, while there are no cognitive effects. Conclusions: This case illustrates the role of RU-UBP ECT in PD and catatonia. Authors discuss the functional neuroanatomy of mood and motor regulation, their overlap, and ECT's putative shared mechanism in modulating GABAergic and dopaminergic systems in both networks. Given its relatively benign negative effects on cognition, the interplay between motor and mood regulation, and the putative clinical efficacy, future randomized controlled trials of RU-UBP ECT in PD and comorbid depression are warranted.
Safety and proof-of-principle study of cerebellar vermal theta-burst stimulation in refractory schizophrenia$$$ Background: Early invasive electrical stimulation studies suggested that enhancement of cerebellar vermal activity might prove valuable in symptomatic treatment of refractory neuropsychiatric diseases via modulation of emotion and affect. Objective: This proof-of-principle study aimed to test this hypothesis, using non-invasive brain stimulation, and sought to explore the safety of this protocol in schizophrenia. Methods: Eight treatment-refractory patients with schizophrenia underwent 10 sessions of intermittent theta-burst stimulation (TBS) to the cerebellar vermis, using MRI-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation. Assessments included side-effect questionnaires, cardiovascular monitoring, psychiatric evaluations, and comprehensive neuropsychological testing before and after TBS and at 1-week follow-up. Results: Overall, TBS was tolerated well, with mild side effects, primarily comprising neck pain and headache. No serious adverse events occurred. Diastolic blood pressure (BP) showed mild decreases for 5 minutes post-TBS; no significant changes were detected for systolic BP or pulse. PANSS Negative subscale showed significant improvements after TBS and during the follow-up. The Calgary Depression Scale and self-report visual-analog scales for Happiness and Sadness pointed to significant mood elevation. Neuropsychological testing revealed significantly fewer omissions in working memory and interference conditions of a Continuous Performance Test, a longer spatial span, and better delay organization on the Rey-Osterrieth Complex Figure during follow-up. No significant worsening in psychiatric or neuropsychological measures was detected. Conclusions: Theta-burst stimulation of the cerebellar vermis is safe and well-tolerated, offering the potential to modulate affect, emotion, and cognition in schizophrenia. Future randomized, sham-stimulation controlled studies are warranted to support the clinical efficacy of this technique.
New developments in depression, anxiety, compulsiveness, and hallucinations in Parkinson's disease$$$ Increasing research efforts are focused on nonmotor aspects of Parkinson's disease (PD). Depression, anxiety, compulsivity (dopamine dysregulation symptoms), and hallucinations/psychosis are among these disorders, and all complicate the management of PD with negative influences on quality of life. There is a strong overlap between depression and apathy and likewise, depression and anxiety can coexist and require careful pharmacologic management. Dopamine dysregulation syndrome is linked to medication use and most clearly associated with dopamine agonists. In contrast, although hallucinations and psychosis do not occur unless patients with PD are treated with dopaminergic drugs, medication doses do not directly relate to this problem. Functional neuroimaging provides an excellent resource for investigating these behaviors as well as their anatomical and neurochemical bases. New treatments are being developed, but there have been very few large-scale randomized clinical trials to test the relative roles of new or available agents for abating these problematic behaviors. © 2010 Movement Disorder Society Copyright © 2010 Movement Disorder Society.
Overcoming antidepressant treatment resistance: Focus on glutamate$$$ Current antidepressant treatments have a delayed onset of action and limitations in efficacy, particularly for patients who fail to respond to 2 or more antidepressant trials. Translational neuroscience offers the potential for the development of a new generation of antidepressants with novel mechanisms of action. Antidepressants with targets outside the monoamine system may offer the potential for more rapid onset of action and improved efficacy in treatment-resistant patients. There is now compelling evidence for glutamatergic dysfunction in the pathophysiology of major depression. These findings have prompted vigorous investigation of the glutamate system as a central target for antidepressant drug discovery. In particular, there is now substantial initial evidence for rapid-onset antidepressant properties of the N-methyl-D-aspartate glutamate receptor antagonist ketamine. Ongoing research aims to characterize the safety, feasibility, and efficacy of single-dose and repeated-dose intravenous ketamine, and will explore optimal delivery methods, means to minimize neuropsychiatric side effects, and relapse prevention. Strategies understanding the mechanism of therapeutic benefit of ketamine is an important research goal, with functional neuroimaging investigations implicating the anterior cingulate cortex. More broadly, neuroimaging techniques may help identify depression biomarkers associated with response, and may thereby facilitate rational drug discovery. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Optimizing antidepressant management of depression: Current status and future perspectives$$$ Since the 1950s, clinicians have targeted the same 3 monoamine neurotransmitters to treat depression and have held the antidepressants to the standard of achieving 50% symptom reduction in an average amount of patients on a per study basis. As such, researchers have developed newer antidepressants that are more tolerable, but they have not developed drugs that are better in efficacy. A greater number of patients are now treated with safer and more tolerable drugs which has allowed a decrease in the stigma of mental illness and has allowed primary care clinicians to become more comfortable in treating the mentally ill. These treatments are reasonable, but often not curative. This paper will attempt to provide an overview of ideas so that an adept, well-rounded clinician might be able to obtain better outcomes despite using old monoamine strategies. Also, an overview of new agents that utilize old monoamines but with newer pharmacodynamic mechanisms of action will be covered. Finally, novel pharmacologic agents in the potential future armamentarium in the treatment of major depressive disorder will be discussed. Copyright © 2010 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Subgenual cingulate theta activity predicts treatment response of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in participants with vascular depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for depression. Increased metabolism in the anterior cingulate cortex (ACC) is a known predictor for antidepressant response. The authors assessed whether increased theta power within the ACC predicts rTMS response in participants with vascular depression. Sixty-five participants were randomized to active or sham rTMS. Outcome was assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Electroencephalography was obtained, and comparisons were made among each group with a normative database using low-resolution electromagnetic tomography. Results suggest that vascular depression participants respond well to rTMS and that increased low-theta power in the subgenual ACC predicts response to rTMS. Copyright © 2010 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc.
Pharmacists' beliefs about treatments and outcomes of mental disorders: A mental health literacy survey$$$ Objectives: To assess the beliefs of pharmacists about the helpfulness of interventions for schizophrenia and depression. Methods: A survey instrument containing a measure of mental health literacy was mailed to a random sample of 2000 pharmacists registered with the Pharmacy Board of New South Wales in November 2009. Vignettes of a person with either depression or psychosis were presented, followed by questions related to the recognition of the disorder, the helpfulness of various interventions, prognosis with and without professional help, the person's long-term functioning in various social roles and the likelihood of the person being discriminated against. Results: A total of 391 responses were received (response rate 19.5%). The majority of pharmacists correctly identified depression (92%) with fewer recognizing schizophrenia (79%). Pharmacists rated medicine use highly for both schizophrenia and depression but were also positive about the use of psychological therapies and lifestyle interventions. Pharmacists had negative views about admission to a psychiatric ward and the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). However, younger pharmacists had significantly more positive views on the use of ECT (p = 0.001). The majority of pharmacists (74%) thought discrimination by the community was highly likely and rated long-term prognosis as poor without appropriate professional help. Their views on the likelihood of specific negative outcomes were mixed, with many pharmacists not recognizing the risk of suicide in schizophrenia and depression. However, both female (p = 0.002) and younger pharmacists (p < 0.001) were significantly more inclined to rate the likelihood of suicide as more likely in a person with schizophrenia or depression. Conclusions: The majority of pharmacists had a high degree of mental health literacy as indicated by the correct identification of, and support for evidence-based interventions for mental illnesses. Pharmacists should be aware that their attitudes and stigma towards mental illness may impact on the patient care they provide. © 2010 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists.
The NeuroStar TMS device: conducting the FDA approved protocol for treatment of depression.$$$ The Neuronetics NeuroStar Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) System is a class II medical device that produces brief duration, pulsed magnetic fields. These rapidly alternating fields induce electrical currents within localized, targeted regions of the cortex which are associated with various physiological and functional brain changes. In 2007, O'Reardon et al., utilizing the NeuroStar device, published the results of an industry-sponsored, multisite, randomized, sham-stimulation controlled clinical trial in which 301 patients with major depression, who had previously failed to respond to at least one adequate antidepressant treatment trial, underwent either active or sham TMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The patients, who were medication-free at the time of the study, received TMS five times per week over 4-6 weeks. The results demonstrated that a sub-population of patients (those who were relatively less resistant to medication, having failed not more than two good pharmacologic trials) showed a statistically significant improvement on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Scale (MADRS), the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD), and various other outcome measures. In October 2008, supported by these and other similar results, Neuronetics obtained the first and only Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval for the clinical treatment of a specific form of medication-refractory depression using a TMS Therapy device (FDA approval K061053). In this paper, we will explore the specified FDA approved NeuroStar depression treatment protocol (to be administered only under prescription and by a licensed medical profession in either an in- or outpatient setting).
Evaluation of ECT effectiveness in depressive disorders$$$ Background. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the only treatment method used in psychiatry before the era of modern psychopharmacology that managed to survive till present. This was possible since ECT is both safe and highly effective. Although the range of its applicability has been considerably reduced, in most cases when applied ECT is more effective than standard pharmacotherapy. The paper presents an overview of clinical studies on ECT effectiveness in the treatment of depressive disorders, at present the main recommendation for the use of this technique. Views. A vast majority of clinical studies corroborate ECT efficacy in the treatment of depressive disorders. This pertains both to older studies using sham stimulation (active placebo), and in more recent controlled trials where ECT efficacy was compared to that of reference antidepressants. ECT is considered to be more effective than antidepressants (60-85% vs. 60-65%, respectively), particularly in severe depressive syndromes, including these with psychotic features. The effect of stimulation parameters on ECT effectiveness, and the place of ECT in refractory disorders were outlined. Conclusions. ECT as a stable element in the management of severe depressive syndromes should be included in the treatment plan at a specific stage of the therapeutic ladder. Effectiveness of ECT outweighs inconveniences associated with this method, side effects, and ethical objections. © Instytut Psychiatrii i Neurologii.
Current nosology of Treatment Resistant Depression: A controversy resistant to revision$$$ Treatment-Resistant Depression (TRD) represents a source of ongoing clinical and nosological controversy and confusion. While no univocal consensus on its definition and specific correlation with major mood disorders has been reached to date, a progressively greater number of evidences tend to suggest a revision of current clinical nosology. Since a better assessment of TRD should be considered mandatory in order to achieve the most appropriate clinical management, this narrative review aims to briefly present current most accepted definitions of the phenomenon, speculating on its putative bipolar diathesis for some of the cases originally assessed as unipolar depression. © Fornaro and Giosuè.
Safety and proof of principle study of cerebellar vermal theta burst stimulation in refractory schizophrenia$$$ Background: Early invasive electrical stimulation studies suggested that enhancement of cerebellar vermal activity might prove valuable in symptomatic treatment of refractory neuropsychiatric diseases via modulation of emotion and affect. This proof of principle study aimed to test this hypothesis using noninvasive brain stimulation, and to explore the safety of this protocol in schizophrenia. Methods: Eight treatment-refractory patients with schizophrenia underwent ten sessions of intermittent theta burst stimulation (TBS) to the cerebellar vermis using MRI-guided transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Assessments included side effect questionnaires, cardiovascular monitoring, psychiatric evaluations and comprehensive neuropsychological testing before and after TBS and at one-week follow-up. Results: Overall, TBS was tolerated well with mild side effects primarily comprising neck pain and headache. No serious adverse events occurred. Diastolic blood pressure (BP) showed mild decreases for five minutes post-TBS; no significant changes were detected for systolic BP or pulse. PANSS negative subscale showed significant improvements following TBS and during the follow-up. Calgary Depression Scale and self-report visual analog scales for Happiness and Sadness pointed to significant mood elevation. Neuropsychological testing revealed significantly fewer omissions in working memory and interference conditions of a Continuous Performance Test, a longer spatial span and better delay organization on the Rey-Osterrieth Complex Figure during follow-up. No significant worsening in psychiatric or neuropsychological measures was detected. Conclusions: Theta burst stimulation of the cerebellar vermis is safe and well-tolerated, while offering the potential to modulate affect, emotion and cognition in schizophrenia. Future randomized, sham-stimulation controlled studies are warranted to support the clinical efficacy of this technique. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.
Treating depression and achieving remission$$$ Despite all the advances in understanding the biological underpinnings of depression and the extensive armamentarium of antidepressants remission is a difficult goal to achieve. This in turn impacts the social and occupational functioning and the quality of life. There are several hurdles to achieving remission including accuracy of diagnosis, partial response, suboptimization of the medication, and failure to capture residual symptoms. There is an urgent need to implement strategies to achieve remission including destigmatizing mental illness, educating patients, their families, optimizing treatments, exploring novel interventions and addressing residual symptoms. © 2010.
The efficacy of three electrode placements in older vs younger patients with severe depression treated with electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is widely considered to be the most effective treatment for severe depression. Technical refinements aim to improve efficacy and minimize cognitive effects. Electrode placement is an important factor that may affect outcomes. Traditionally ECT has been performed with one of 3 electrode placements: bilateral (bitemporal) (BT), right unilateral (RUL) and bifrontal (BF). The choice of electrode placement in clinical practice is largely determined by clinical experience and clinician preference. We recently reported on a multicenter, NIMH-funded, randomized trial comparing these three electrode placements. Our data showed that each electrode placement is a very effective antidepressant treatment with similar cognitive effects. More specifically, remission rates were 64% for BT, 61% for BF and 55% for RUL. Bilateral placement resulted in more rapid symptom reduction and therefore was recommended for urgent clinical situations. There are no data supporting the preferential use of a particular placement in older vs younger populations. In this report we examine the efficacy of the 3 electrode placements on depressed patients older and younger than 65 years of age. Methods: In a multicenter, NIMH-supported clinical trial, 230 patients were randomized to receive RUL, BF, or BT ECT. Patients were diagnosed with a major depressive episode (unipolar or bipolar) by SCID-IV and had an entry 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD-24) ≥21 (mean=35). A neuropsychological test battery was administered at five specified time points. Patients and raters were blinded to electrode placement. Stimulus dose titration at the first ECT was followed by dosing at 1.5X Seizure Threshold (ST) for BF and BT, and 6X ST for RUL. Remission was defined as 2 consecutive HAMD-24 ≤10. Dropouts and those who did not complete the protocol where considered non-remitters. We analyzed the data looking at differences between patients 65 years of age and older, and younger patients. Results: Bitemporal ECT was similarly effective in both age groups. Remission rates were 72% for patients older than 65 and 61% for younger patients. With RUL there was a statistically significant difference in the proportion of remitters in the groups, with 74% of the older group responding and 48% of the younger group (p=0.05) With BF there was a trend suggestive of better outcome in the younger group (65% vs 44%, p=0.1) In a direct comparison between BF and RUL, there was a trend suggesting superiority of BF in the younger group (65% vs 48%, p=0.06) and RUL in the older group (44% vs 75%, p=0.07). Discussion: Our data suggest that bifrontal ECT at 1.5 times ST is more effective in patients younger than 65 yo compared to older patients. Right unilateral ECT at 6 times ST is more effective in patients 65 and older, compared to younger patients.
Depressed patients accommodate to the painfulness of daily left prefrontal rtms: A replication study in a sham-controlled setting$$$ Background: In a prior analysis of an open label phase of the OPTTMS study, we found that depressed patients rapidly accommodate to the painfulness of the TMS treatment over three weeks of treatment.(1) We wondered whether this effect would also be seen in the doubleblind initial phase of the study, and whether there would be differences in pain accommodation in those receiving active TMS compared to those who received the active sham which was matched for sensation and initial painfulness.(2) Methods: We analyzed visual analog pain ratings acquired immediately before and after every TMS treatment session for all patients in the recently completed OPT-TMS trial (n= 199).(3) Results: Confirming our observation in the open phase, patients overall in the double-blind phase rapidly accommodated to the painfulness of the procedure. Procedural pain ratings decreased significantly within the first session of TMS (mean pain at beginning of session=52.3(SE=5.8) out of 100; pain at end of session=44.3 (SE=4.9); a 15% reduction, p<.05). At the end of week-one, average procedural pain ratings decreased from 47.8 (session 1) to 31.7 (a 33% reduction; p<.05). Further analyses to be presented at the poster will test whether there were differences in those who received active or sham TMS, and whether the pain accommodation predicts or correlates with clinical antidepressant improvement. Discussion: The accommodation to the painfulness of the TMS procedure likely is a factor in the high completion and low dropout rates in daily left prefrontal TMS studies to date. If the accommodation occurs more in those receiving active TMS, it may suggest that TMS is affecting prefrontal-limbic regulatory circuits to both reduce the perceived painfulness and, over time, reverse depression symptoms.
Subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation for treatment-resistant unipolar and bipolar depression$$$ Background: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is a major public health problem. Subcallosal cingulate deep brain stimulation (SCC DBS) has shown preliminary safety and efficacy as a treatment for extreme TRD. The current study attempted to replicate these earlier results in unipolar TRD, determine the safety and efficacy of SCC DBS for bipolar TRD, and assess for a post-surgical placebo effect. Methods: All study procedures were approved by the Emory University Institutional Review Board (IRB), and conducted under an investigator- held Investigational Device Exemption from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. Eligibility criteria included a current nonpsychotic major depressive episode (secondary to either Major Depressive Disorder [MDD] or Bipolar 2 Disorder [BP2]) of at least 12 months duration, failure of at least 4 adequate antidepressant treatments, failure or intolerance of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), maximum baseline GAF of 50, screening 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS17) score ≥20, no clinically significant medical or psychiatric comorbidity, no substance use disorder (within the past year), and no significant suicidality. Patients were allowed to remain on current psychiatric treatments but these were held constant during the 4 weeks prior to surgery and for at least 28 weeks following surgery. All patients received surgery to implant DBS leads into the bilateral SCC, followed by four weeks of single-blind, sham (off) stimulation, then 24 weeks of open, active chronic stimulation (130 Hz, 91 ms pulse width, 6-8 mA). Clinical status was assessed every 1-2 weeks during these phases. Patients were then invited to enter a 5 year naturalistic follow-up phase with assessment every 1-6 months. Results: Seventeen patients (10 MDD, 7 BP2) received DBS implantation. A small but statistically significant decrease in HDRS17 score was seen after 4 weeks of sham stimulation compared to baseline, but this decrease generally occurred following surgery and prior to entering the blinded sham phase; no patient achieved response or remission with sham stimulation. With active stimulation, remission rates (HDRS17≤7) were 18% at 6 months, 36% at 1 year and 58% at 2 years; response rates (≥50% decrease in HDRS17 score from baseline) were 41% at 6 months, 36% at 1 year and 92% at 2 years. There was no significant difference in remission/response rates between MDD and BP2 patients. Patients achieving remission and/or response generally remained well over time, and no patient achieving remission experienced a spontaneous relapse. Twelve serious adverse events occurred in 4 subjects; only 2 (both infections) were related to the device or surgery and these occurred in the same patient. There were 2 suicide attempts, and neither was related to stimulation. There were no adverse effects associated with either acute or chronic stimulation, and no patient experienced a hypomanic or manic episode. Conclusions: These findings further support the safety and efficacy of chronic SCC DBS for TRD, and extend earlier work by showing safety and similar efficacy in BP2 patients. A placebo effect may account for a small portion of the improvements seen, but a major effect is highly unlikely given the general absence of improvement over the placebo phase (versus improvement seen post-surgery but prior to placebo stimulation), the consistent increase in remission over time and the very low relapse rate.
Effectiveness of psychotherapeutic, pharmacological, and combined treatments for chronic depression: A systematic review (METACHRON)$$$ Background: Chronic depressions represent a substantial part of depressive disorders and are associated with severe consequences. Several studies were performed addressing the effectiveness of psychotherapeutic, pharmacological, and combined treatments for chronic depressions. Yet, a systematic review comparing the effectiveness of multiple treatment options and considering all subtypes of chronic depressions is still missing.Methods/Design: Aim of this project is to summarize empirical evidence on efficacy and effectiveness of treatments for chronic depression by means of a systematic review. The primary objectives of the study are to examine, which interventions are effective; to examine, if any differences in effectiveness between active treatment options exist; and to find possible treatment effect modifiers. Psychotherapeutic, pharmacological, and combined treatments will be considered as experimental interventions and no treatment, wait-list, psychological/pharmacological placebo, treatment as usual, and other active treatments will be seen as comparators. The population of patients will include adults with chronic major depression, dysthymia, double depression, or recurrent depression without complete remission between episodes. Outcomes of the analyses are depressive symptoms, associated consequences, adverse events, and study discontinuation. Only randomized controlled trials will be considered.Discussion: Given the high prevalence and serious consequences of chronic depression and a considerable amount of existing primary studies addressing the effectiveness of different treatments the present systematic review may be of high relevance. Special attention will be given to the use of current methodological standards. Findings are likely to provide crucial information that may help clinicians to choose the appropriate treatment for chronically depressed patients. © 2010 Kriston et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Pharmacotherapy for late-life depression with psychotic features: A review of literature of randomized control trials$$$ Depression in not uncommon in late life. Psychotic depression, a more severe form of depression is more common in late life than younger patients. Data indicate that approximately 25% of patients with depression in late life present with psychotic symptoms. In this review, we systematically searched four main databases; EMBASE, PsychINFO, Medline and Cochrane Collaboration on the pharmacotherapy of late life depression with psychotic features. Data for the treatment of psychotic depression in late life are scares although available evidence indicates efficacy for antidepressants, antipsychotic medications and mifepristone and electroconvulsive therapy. Based on the available evidence, we have pro- vided a guideline for the appropriate treatment of this important disorder thus preventing undue suffering to the patients and their families. © 2010 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Treatment of tics and tourette syndrome$$$ Opinion statement: Tics come in a variety of types and frequencies; have a waxing and waning course; are exacerbated by stress, anxiety, and fatigue; and often resolve or improve in the teenage or early adult years. Tourette syndrome requires the presence of chronic, fluctuating motor and phonic tics. In addition to tics, individuals with Tourette syndrome often have a variety of comorbid conditions such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), obsessive-compulsive disorder, depression and anxiety, episodic outbursts, and academic difficulties. These conditions often are a greater source of difficulty than the tics themselves. All patients with tics should be evaluated to assure proper diagnosis and to identify any associated psychopathology or academic difficulty. The treatment of tics begins with education of the patient and family, including discussions about the fundamentals of tics: their characteristics, etiology, outcomes, and available treatments. Therapy should be individualized based on the extent of impairment, available support, ability to cope, and the presence of other problems. Indications for the treatment of tics include psychosocial problems (loss of self-esteem, comments from peers, excessive worries about tics, diminished participation in activities), functional difficulties, classroom disruption, and physical discomfort. A variety of behavioral approaches can be used. Recent studies have emphasized the value of comprehensive behavioral intervention for tics (CBIT). Because habit reversal is the major component of CBIT, a cooperative patient, the presence of a premonitory urge, and a committed family are essential ingredients for success. If tic-suppressing medication is required, a two-tier approach and monotherapy are recommended. First-tier medications, notably the α-adrenergic agonists, are recommended for individuals with milder tics, especially persons with both tics and ADHD. Second-tier medications include various typical and atypical neuroleptics. Their sequence of prescription is often based on physician experience; I favor pimozide and fluphenazine. Atypical antipsychotics, such as risperidone and aripiprazole, have some advantages based on their side-effect profile and are particularly beneficial in individuals with significant co-existing behavioral issues. As will become readily apparent, however, few medications have been adequately assessed. Deep brain stimulation is an emerging therapy, but further data are required to optimize the location of electrode placement and stimulation and to determine precise indications for its implementation. Stimulant medication is effective in treating ADHD in children with tics; studies reducing concerns about its use are discussed. © 2010 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
The effect of prophylactic medications on TMS for migraine aura$$$ Purpose.- Low frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has recently been shown to be effective for the acute treatment of migraine with aura. TMS has recently been shown to inhibit cortical spreading depression (CSD). Prophylactic medications (PM) may reduce the frequency of migraine attacks by elevating CSD threshold. The interaction between PM and TMS is unknown. Methods.- Subgroup analysis was performed on a double-blind, Sham-controlled study that evaluated the efficacy and safety of TMS for the acute treatment of migraine with aura. Analysis of the primary efficacy endpoint pain-free at 2 hours (pain-free rate [PFR]) between TMS and Sham groups was performed based on the non-randomized use of PM. Results.- A total of 164 subjects eligibly treated at least 1 migraine with aura attack with TMS (n = 82) or Sham stimulation (n = 82). Baseline pain intensity at the time of treatment for the first attack was no pain (31%), mild (40%), moderate (23%), or severe pain (6%). PM were used by 37% (31/82) and 41.5% (34/82) in the Sham- and TMS-treated patients, respectively. Sham patients on no PM (Sham without) had significantly higher PFR than Sham-treated patients on PM (Sham with) (P = .0014). There was no difference in PFR between TMS-treated patients on (TMS with) or off (TMS without) PM (P = .5513). However, TMS with had significantly higher PFR than Sham with patients (P = .002). There was no difference in PFR between TMS without and Sham without patients (P = .4061). Conclusion.- Prophylactic medications do not appear to influence the treatment response to TMS. The better response in Sham-treated patients not on PM may indicate a more responsive subgroup or different patient phenotype than those currently using PM. These findings will need to be verified in a larger patient sample randomized by presence or absence of PM. © 2010 American Headache Society.
Effects of music therapy on depression compared with psychotherapy$$$ This paper reports a study testing the effects of music on depression and compares them with the effects of psychotherapy. There are mainly three conventional treatments for depression: psychotherapy, pharmaceutical treatments, and electroconvulsive therapy. Because conventional treatment has proven to be poorly successful, new means of treatment must be found that might improve depression when used together with other therapies. A randomized controlled clinical trial was performed with a convenience sample of 79 patients aged 25-60 years with low- and medium-grade depression. The Zung Depression Scale was employed for selection purposes. Patients were randomly assigned to the music-therapy group (classical and baroque music) (n= 41), or the psychotherapy group based on conductive-behavioral therapy (n= 38). The music therapy was applied for 50. min a day, every day, for eight weeks. At the end, the music-therapy group had less depressive symptoms than the psychotherapy group, and this was proven to be statistically significant with the Friedman test. We propose that patients with low- and medium-grade depression can use music to enhance the effects of psychological support. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Psychological well-being in medical students during exam stress-influence of short-term practice of mind sound technology$$$ Introduction: Medical education is perceived as stressful. As excessive stress hampers students' performance, stress management is required for medical students. This study was aimed to assess the effect of Mind Sound Technology (MST), an intelligence enhancing program, on psychological well-being of medical undergraduates during exam stress. Materials and Methods: Forty-two medical students were recruited and Dukes Health Profile scoring was done at baseline and during Exam Stress (ES). After pre-intervention measurements, the students were randomized into two groups: non-practitioners and MST practitioners. Post-intervention measurement was done at the end of 6 weeks when the students had examination. Results: Students showed a significant increase (P < 0.001) in negative health scores like perceived health scores, anxiety, and depression and a significant decrease (P < 0.001) in positive health scores like Self-Esteem, Mental Health Score, Social Health Score, and General Health Score during exam when compared with baseline. MST practice increased positive health scores (P < 0.001) and decreased perceived health score (P < 0.01), anxiety, depression, and anxiety-depression scores significantly (P < 0.001) when compared with ES score. Non practitioners did not show any significant change in any of the scores when compared with ES score. Six weeks of MST practice by medical students have improved the academic scores (P < 0.05) when compared with their non-practitioner counterpart. Conclusion: Thus, practice of MST has helped in coping up the stress that occurs during examination and improved academic performance in medical undergraduates.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is efficacious as an add-on to pharmacological therapy in complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) Type i$$$ Single-session repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex (M1) is effective in the treatment of chronic pain patients, but the analgesic effect of repeated sessions is still unknown. We evaluated the effects of rTMS in patients with refractory pain due to complex regional pain syndrome (CRPS) type I. Twenty-three patients presenting CRPS type I of 1 upper limb were treated with the best medical treatment (analgesics and adjuvant medications, physical therapy) plus 10 daily sessions of either real (r-) or sham (s-) 10Hz rTMS to the motor cortex (M1). Patients were assessed daily and after 1 week and 3 months after the last session using the Visual Analogical Scale (VAS), the McGill Pain Questionnaire (MPQ), the Health Survey-36 (SF-36), and the Hamilton Depression (HDRS). During treatment there was a significant reduction in the VAS scores favoring the r-rTMS group, mean reduction of 4.65 cm (50.9%) against 2.18 cm (24.7%) in the s-rTMS group. The highest reduction occurred at the tenth session and correlated to improvement in the affective and emotional subscores of the MPQ and SF-36. Real rTMS to the M1 produced analgesic effects and positive changes in affective aspects of pain in CRPS patients during the period of stimulation. Perspective: This study shows an efficacy of repetitive sessions of high-frequency rTMS as an add-on therapy to refractory CRPS type I patients. It had a positive effect in different aspects of pain (sensory-discriminative and emotional-affective). It opens the perspective for the clinical use of this technique. © 2010 by the American Pain Society.
Anxiety and depression in the elderly: Do we know any more?$$$ Purpose of Review: The advent of global population ageing raises understandable concerns about the high-prevalence mental disorders in older people. Accordingly, this review covers recently published scientific articles concerning anxiety and depression. Recent Findings: There is a paucity of findings on anxiety in older people, although the availability of several new scales suggests increased interest in this topic. The low prevalence of late-life depression in many population surveys does not appear to be due to misattribution of depressive symptoms to physical disorders. Although it is well established that dementia leads to depression, there is now increasing evidence for the proposition that depression leads to cognitive decline and dementia. There is now good evidence also for a bidirectional relationship between obesity and depression. The prognosis of treated late-life depression varies with baseline neuropsychological function and the severity of white matter hyperintensities. Summary: An excellent body of research on depression in older people is now available, although more work on both pharmacological and nonpharmacological treatments is needed. More research is urgently required into anxiety disorders in older people. These are highly prevalent and associated with considerable disease burden. As the literature on depression in older people reaches maturity, there should be greater research and clinical interest in anxiety. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Therapy-refractory panic: Current research areas as possible perspectives in the treatment of anxiety$$$ Panic disorder (PD) is characterized by recurrent panic attacks that are defined as distinct episodes of intense fear, accompanied by symptoms related to physical arousal. Because most patients interpret these symptoms as signs of serious somatic disease (e.g., a heart attack), utilization of healthcare services is high in PD sufferers. PD can become debilitating, interfering significantly with patients' lives. Fortunately, effective treatments are available, but a considerable proportion of patients do not respond sufficiently. The aim of this paper is to outline some promising research strategies aimed at improving established treatments. © 2010 Springer-Verlag.
Developing thai economic model to study cost-effectiveness of switching to bupropion compared to combination with bupropion after the failure of an SSRI for major depressive disorder.$$$ To present an economic model and cost-effectiveness estimates of switching to bupropion compared to combination with bupropion after failure of an SSRI for major depressive disorder (MDD). An economic model was developed to simulate the transitions of Thai outpatients with nonpsychotic MDD who had no remission or could not tolerate the SSRI citalopram and received either sustained-release bupropion monotherapy as switching strategy or sustained-release bupropion plus citalopram as combination strategy. Clinical data were obtained form 2 trials of the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression (STAR*D) study. The four event probabilities: remission rates, rates of non-remission, discontinuation rates due to intolerance, and incidence of serious adverse events were estimated. Direct costs included drug cost, hospitalizations, and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The primary outcome considered in the model was a remission of symptoms. Outputs were measured in terms of costs per remission and costs per quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs). In the base-case analysis, the total direct costs with a bupropion switch were 22,937 THB per remission and 29,346 THB per remission with a bupropion combination. Compared with combination option, switching to bupropion also had lower total cost per QALY (28,672 THB vs. 36,682 THB) and had cost saving of 21.8%. The incremental cost-effectiveness of the combination regimen compared with the switching regimen was 6,409 THB per remission gained and 8,011 THB per QALY gained. In a sensitivity analysis, combination strategy dominated switching strategy if the value of the transitional probability of remission changed to a value of greater than 0.547. The economic model indicated that treatment of MDD patients who fail to achieve remission from an SSRI with a switch to bupropion is a cost-effectiveness treatment option compared with a combination of SSRI with bupropion.
The impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Based on several open-label and case studies, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) seems to have an antidepressive effect on patients with Parkinson's disease (PD). However, this hypothesis requires further confirmation. We conducted a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on depression and various motor and nonmotor features of PD. Twenty-two PD patients with mild or moderate depressive episodes were assigned into two groups, one receiving real-rTMS (90% of resting motor threshold, 5 Hz, 600 pulses-a-day for 10 days) over the left DLPFC, and another group receiving sham-rTMS. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 1 day (short term), and 30 days after treatment session ended (long-term effect). Mini-Mental State Examination, Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), Hoehn-Yahr, Epworth Sleepiness, Visual Analog and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scales (MADRS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Trail making and Stroop tests were applied. In the actively treated group, not only depression rating scales showed significant improvement 30 days after treatment ended (BDI by 44.4% and MADRS by 26.1%), but also the accuracy of Stroop test (by 16%). We could also demonstrate an insignificant improvement in UPDRS-III by 7.5 points (31.9%, P = 0.06). In the sham-treated group none of the examined tests and scales improved significantly after sham stimulation. Our study demonstrated the beneficial effect of the left DLPFC rTMS on depression in PD lasting at least 30 days after treatment. However, this result should be confirmed in patients with severe depression by further clinical trials. © 2010 Movement Disorder Society.
Effects of antiepileptic drugs on associative LTP-like plasticity in human motor cortex$$$ Antiepileptic drugs (AEDs) are used extensively in clinical practice but relatively little is known on their specific effects at the systems level of human cortex. Here we tested, using a double-blind randomized placebo-controlled crossover design in healthy subjects, the effects of a single therapeutic oral dose of seven AEDs with different modes of action (tiagabine, diazepam, gabapentin, lamotrigine, topiramate, levetiracetam and piracetam) on long-term potentiation (LTP)-like motor cortical plasticity induced by paired associative transcranial magnetic stimulation (PAS). PAS-induced LTP-like plasticity was assessed from the increase in motor evoked potential amplitude in a hand muscle contralateral to the stimulated motor cortex. Levetiracetam significantly reduced LTP-like plasticity when compared to the placebo condition. Tiagabine, diazepam, lamotrigine and piracetam resulted in nonsignificant trends towards reduction of LTP-like plasticity while gabapentin and topiramate had no effect. The particularly depressant effect of levetiracetam is probably explained by its unique mode of action through binding at the vesicle membrane protein SV2A. Enhancement of gamma-amino butyric acid-dependent cortical inhibition by tiagabine, diazepam and possibly levetiracetam, and blockage of voltage-gated sodium channels by lamotrigine, may also depress PAS-induced LTP-like plasticity but these mechanisms appear to be less relevant. Findings may inform about AED-related adverse effects on important LTP-dependent central nervous systems processes such as learning or memory formation. The particular depressant effect of levetiracetam on LTP-like plasticity may also relate to the unique properties of this drug to inhibit epileptogenesis, a potentially LTP-associated process.
The effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy: a literature review.$$$ To review the literature on the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy [ECT], with a particular focus on depression, its primary target group. PsycINFO, Medline, previous reviews and meta-analyses were searched in an attempt to identify all studies comparing ECT with simulated-ECT [SECT]. These placebo controlled studies show minimal support for effectiveness with either depression or 'schizophrenia' during the course of treatment (i.e., only for some patients, on some measures, sometimes perceived only by psychiatrists but not by other raters), and no evidence, for either diagnostic group, of any benefits beyond the treatment period. There are no placebo-controlled studies evaluating the hypothesis that ECT prevents suicide, and no robust evidence from other kinds of studies to support the hypothesis. Given the strong evidence (summarised here) of persistent and, for some, permanent brain dysfunction, primarily evidenced in the form of retrograde and anterograde amnesia, and the evidence of a slight but significant increased risk of death, the cost-benefit analysis for ECT is so poor that its use cannot be scientifically justified.
Durability of clinical benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depression: Assessment of relapse during a 6-month, multisite, open-label study$$$ Background Although transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can be an effective acute antidepressant treatment, few studies systematically examine persistence of benefit. Objective We assessed the durability of antidepressant effect after acute response to TMS in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) using protocol-specified maintenance antidepressant monotherapy. Methods Three hundred one patients were randomly assigned to active or sham TMS in a 6-week, controlled trial. Nonresponders could enroll in a second, 6-week, open-label study. Patients who met criteria for partial response (i.e., .25% decrease from the baseline HAMD 17) during either the sham-controlled or open-label study (n 5 142) were tapered off TMS over 3 weeks, while simultaneously starting maintenance antidepressant monotherapy. Patients were then followed for 24 weeks in a naturalistic follow-up study examining the long-term durability of TMS. During this durability study, TMS was readministered if patients met prespecified criteria for symptom worsening (i.e., a change of at least one point on the CGI-S scale for 2 consecutive weeks). Relapse was the primary outcome measure. Results Ten of 99 (10%; Kaplan-Meier survival estimate 5 12.9%) patients relapsed. Thirty-eight (38.4%) patients met criteria for symptom worsening and 32/38 (84.2%) reachieved symptomatic benefit with adjunctive TMS. Safety and tolerability were similar to acute TMS monotherapy. Conclusions These initial data suggest that the therapeutic effects of TMS are durable and that TMS may be successfully used as an intermittent rescue strategy to preclude impending relapse. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Increased sensitivity for angry faces in depressive disorder following 2 weeks of 2-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the right parietal cortex$$$ According to the cognitive neuropsychological hypothesis of antidepressant action, the onset of subjectively experienced therapeutic effects to treatment is preceded by favourable changes in psychological functioning that can be measured by implicit methods. The aim of this study was to examine additional data to explore this hypothesis in an intention-to-treat repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) study targeting the right parietal cortex. Changes in depression scores from baseline and the sensitivity for recognizing emotional facial expressions were studied in 28 patients with depressive disorder receiving ten sessions of real (n=14) or sham (n=14) rTMS treatments in a double-blind, sham-controlled design. In the patient group results showed significantly higher sensitivity for recognizing angry facial expressions in response to receiving real compared to receiving sham rTMS treatment. Overall mood improvement was similar across real and sham rTMS treatments. However, the sensitivity for recognizing angry facial expressions was correlated to the percentage decrease in depression scores. These results provide the first preliminary support for the cognitive neuropsychological hypothesis of antidepressant action in rTMS treatment. © 2010 CINP.
Tinnitus: Current understanding and contemporary management$$$ Purpose of Review Tinnitus is a debilitating condition that affects a broad range of patients. Despite thorough and extensive research, the cause of tinnitus has yet to be determined. Also, there has never been a single intervention identified that can consistently eliminate the symptoms of tinnitus. However, despite our inability to 'cure' tinnitus, there are many medical and behavioral strategies that may result in symptomatic relief. The purpose of this article is to review some of the previous information on tinnitus and to examine the recent research on the etiology and management of this condition. Recent Findings: Recent research into the etiology of tinnitus has demonstrated that genetics plays less of a role than previously thought. Although many medications can cause some relief of tinnitus, a number of well designed studies have failed to identify a single cure. For patients with severe tinnitus who have failed other treatments, such as dietary modification, herbs and nutrients, sound therapies (tinnitus retraining, Neuromonics, masking, and others), or centrally acting medications, transcranial magnetic stimulation has emerged as a viable treatment option. Summary: Tinnitus is a common medical complaint and debilitating problem for some patients. It has a broad range of etiologies and even more potential treatments. This review is meant to inform the reader on the current options available to treat this condition. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Brain imaging studies in pathological gambling$$$ This article reviews the neuroimaging research on pathological gambling (PG). Because of the similarities between substance dependence and PG, PG research has used paradigms similar to those used in substance use disorder research, focusing on reward and punishment sensitivity, cue reactivity, impulsivity, and decision making. This review shows that PG is consistently associated with blunted mesolimbic-prefrontal cortex activation to nonspecific rewards, whereas these areas show increased activation when exposed to gambling-related stimuli in cue exposure paradigms. Very little is known, and hence more research is needed regarding the neural underpinnings of impulsivity and decision making in PG. This review concludes with a discussion regarding the challenges and new developments in the field of neurobiological gambling research and comments on their implications for the treatment of PG. © 2010 The Author(s).
Comparison of efficacy and effect on memory in a randomised controlled trial of 6 times threshold brief pulse and ultra brief pulse right unilateral ECT$$$ An ECT treatment that can dissociate positive antidepressant effects from adverse cognitive effects on memory is still elusive. Ultra-brief pulse right unilateral ECT is one such promising treatment (Sackeim et al., 2008). However the evidence about its effectiveness is still in doubt (Loo et al., 2008). The principle aim of this study was to compare the antidepressant effect of a 'gold standard' form of right unilateral ECT viz., 6× threshold brief pulse (1 ms) right unilateral ECT with 6X threshold ultrabrief pulse (0.3 ms) right unilateral ECT in a randomised doubleblind study. Secondary effects on autobiographical memory were also assessed. All consecutive patients in the age group of 18 and 65 who were referred by treating teams for ECTwere approached for written informed consent. Those with co-morbid neurological, endocrinal, substance and personality disorders were excluded. Antidepressant treatments were weaned off at least 24-48 hours prior to the first ECT treatment. Thresholds were estimated at first session using empirical titration and from the second session onwards, dose was 6× threshold. The acute course of ECTwas given 3 times a week. At baseline,the depression severity was similar in both treatments groups (p<0.05). In both treatment groups, there was a significant decline in the Montgomery Aberg Depression Rating scores from baseline at 24 hours following 8 ECT treatments. In brief pulse group (n = 9); m (95%CI) = -24.6(-35.3 to -13.9) and in ultra-brief pulse group (n = 10); m(95%CI) =-21.7(-31.3 to -12.0). But decline in depression scores between the groups were not significantly different (p = 0.64). Autobiographical memory for semantic events in ultra- brief pulse ECT was less affected compared to brief pulse ECT (P = 0.02). In conclusion ultra-brief right unilateral ECT treatment given at 6 times threshold shows matching antidepressant response with minimal impact on autobiographical memory to a 'gold standard' form of right unilateral ECT.
Neuroanatomical correlates of therapeutic efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a potential tool for the treatment of neurological and psychiatric disorders, and there is growing evidence that TMS of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex is effective in the treatment of depression. Most studies of TMS for depression have used high-frequency left prefrontal stimulation (HFLS) and a number of double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trials support antidepressant effects of HFLS in depression. Several studies have indicated that low-frequency right prefrontal stimulation (LFRS) is also effective in depression. Brain imaging studies in depression have revealed that several brain regions, especially the prefrontal cortex, anterior cingulate, subgenual cingulate, and orbitofrontal cortex are involved in the pathophysiology of depression. According to earlier studies, patients with depression generally show decreased cerebral blood flow (CBF) in the prefrontal cortex and anterior cingulate, and increased CBF in the subgenual cingulate and orbitofrontal cortex. In addition, the abnormal perfusion is known to be changed with recovery from depression. Recent brain imaging studies using TMS have shown that HFLS increases CBF in the prefrontal cortex, and the therapeutic efficacy is correlated with increases in CBF in the prefrontal cortex and subcortical regions, whereas, LFRS decreases CBF in several brain regions with improvement of depression, and the therapeutic efficacy is correlated with decreases in the subgenual cingualte and orbitofrontal cortex. Therefore, it seems that HFLS normalize hypoperfusion in the prefrontal cortex, and LFRS alleviates hyperperfusion in the subgenual cingulate and orbitofrontal cortex. Recent studies suggest that these brain regions play a critical role in the treatment of depression using TMS and raise the possibility that both HFLS and LFRS may have mutually complementary effects in recovery from depression.
RTMS application in epilepsy$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) was developed in 1985 by Anthony Barker at the University of Sheffield. With regard to epilepsy, TMS is used for probing cortical excitability, for detecting the effects of antiepileptic drugs on excitatory and inhibitory brain mechanisms, for the preoperative localization of the epileptogenic zone and for mapping functionally important areas of the cortex. Recently, several studies have investigated the therapeutic potential of repetitive TMS (rTMS) in treating drug-resistant epilepsies. rTMS can produce outlasting effects that can be used to modulate neuronal activity in a targeted area of dysfunctional cortex to functional benefit. TMS-induced effects depends on the frequency, intensity and length of time for which the stimulation is applied. In general, low-frequency rTMS (less than 1 Hz) reduces cortical excitability. In contrast, higher frequencies (more than 5 Hz) enhance cortical excitability. These effects are reminiscent of longterm depression (LTD) and long term potentiation (LTP). Accordingly, low-frequency rTMS may exert antiepileptic effects by inducing LTD. The antiepileptic effects of TMS were investigated in open-label studies, single case studies, small scale series, and randomized controlled studies. The factors related with the therapeutic effects include frequency, intensity, coil shape, stimulation location and patient characteristics.
Longitudinal efficacy of TMS treatment in depression$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation(rTMS) is a safe treatment for depression with few side effects. Most of the sham controlled studies have an avarage of 10 sessions which covers only a short period of time.Treatment of depression is at least for 6 months and the longest study so far had 25 sessions.There is no answer to the question if there is a need for maintenance rTMS. In a sham controlled study, rTMS was superior to placebo and we followed up the responders for a longer period to see the outcome of rTMS treatment.
Left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patient with major depressive disorder, randomized sham controlled study$$$ High-frequency left-side repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation(rTMS) has been shown to have antidepressant effects, but considerable questions remain as to whether rTMS has clinically relevant effects. The purpose of this study was to investigate the treatment effect of high frequency(20 Hz) rTMS over the left prefrontal lobe in patients with major depressive disorder. We recruited 14 participants who were diagnosed as major depressive disorder according to the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorder Fourth Edition - Text Revision (DSM-IV TR) from the outpatient population at Inha University Hospital, between January 2007 and August 2009. The ages of the participants ranged from 19 to 62 years. We interviewed them regarding clinical and demographic parameters and randomly assigned to active or sham rTMS groups. The patients were assessed with the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression(HRSD), and Beck Depression Index(BDI) to determine the severity of depressive symptoms in the patients. We conducted 2 weeks of 5 day treatments per week with 20Hz rTMS over the left prefrontal cortex at 100% of motor threshold. Significant difference between active rTMS group and sham group score on the HRSD and BDI showed that active rTMS improved symptom over sham treatment. There was a decrement of score at one and two week assessment on the MADRS and BDI, and at 2 week assessment on the HRSD compared to baseline in active rTMS group. Two weeks of high frequency (20 Hz) rTMS to the left prefrontal lobe had treatment effect in patients with major depressive disorder. Further studies are highly required to explore optimal rTMS applications.
Adjunctive psychotropic medications during electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression, mania, and schizophrenia$$$ Current guidelines regarding concomitant antidepressants during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are inconsistent. Although the American Psychiatric Association Task Force on ECT discouraged combination antidepressant treatment, owing to the minimal evidence for enhanced efficacy and concern about increased adverse effects, combination treatment is recommended and considered routine for many practitioners in the United States and other parts of the world. Considering the increasing levels of treatment resistance among patients referred for ECT and the high relapse rate after acute ECT, the role of concomitant antidepressant pharmacotherapy during ECT should be reevaluated. More research, however, is needed to explore the impact of administering specific antidepressants during acute and maintenance ECT (M-ECT), on antidepressant efficacy and cognitive adverse effects. This will require appropriately controlled studies of ECT medication combinations that include attention to a range of cognitive function measures and clinical response. In addition, the role of combination ECT and psychotropic medication in the treatment of mania and schizophrenia continues to receive attention, particularly in those patients who have shown inadequate responses to psychotropic medication alone. Although there is insufficient evidence to support the routine addition of antipsychotic medications to ECT during the treatment of acute mania, the literature suggests that it is unnecessary to discontinue antipsychotic medication when ECT is added to the treatment of a manic patient that has been unresponsive to pharmacological treatment. Despite the lack of well-controlled studies, the existing literature suggests that combination ECT and antipsychotic treatment is a useful option for patients with schizophrenia who are unresponsive to pharmacological interventions alone, and its adverse effect profile does not seem different from that seen with ECT alone. © 2010 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Dosage-dependent non-linear effect of l-dopa on human motor cortex plasticity$$$ The neuromodulator dopamine affects learning and memory formation and their likely physiological correlates, long-term depression and potentiation, in animals and humans. It is known from animal experiments that dopamine exerts a dosage-dependent, inverted U-shaped effect on these functions. However, this has not been explored in humans so far. In order to reveal a non-linear dose-dependent effect of dopamine on cortical plasticity in humans, we explored the impact of 25, 100 and 200 mg of l-dopa on transcranial direct current (tDCS)-induced plasticity in twelve healthy human subjects. The primary motor cortex served as a model system, and plasticity was monitored by motor evoked potential amplitudes elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation. As compared to placebo medication, low and high dosages of l-dopa abolished facilitatory as well as inhibitory plasticity, whereas the medium dosage prolonged inhibitory plasticity, and turned facilitatory plasticity into inhibition. Thus the results show clear non-linear, dosage-dependent effects of dopamine on both facilitatory and inhibitory plasticity, and support the assumption of the importance of a specific dosage of dopamine optimally suited to improve plasticity. This might be important for the therapeutic application of dopaminergic agents, especially for rehabilitative purposes, and explain some opposing results in former studies. © 2010 The Authors. Journal compilation © 2010 The Physiological Society.
Decisions about depression: Treatment options depend on diagnosis$$$ This article explores the clinical and therapeutic differences between major depressive disorder and bipolar depression. Although both are disorders of suppressed mood with similar symptoms, the two syndromes respond differently to medications: Whereas severe major depressive disorder responds to antidepressant medication, either as monotherapy or in combination, there is some evidence that in bipolar depression of all subtypes, response to antidepressants is no greater than to placebo. Quetiapine, lamotrigine, lithium or olanzapine are recommended initially, with antidepressant usage included in combination therapy only at later stages of management. Further research is necessary to determine pathophysiological differences between these two disorders and ideal treatment approaches.
Pharmacogenomic implications of variants of monoaminergic-related genes in geriatric psychiatry$$$ Response to psychiatric medications in later life is highly heterogeneous and complex. Monoaminergic-related polymorphisms may influence medication response and susceptibility to side effects in elderly individuals. Individuals with the lower function short (S) allele of the serotonin transporter gene (SLC6A4) insertion/deletion (indel) promoter polymorphism (5-HTTLPR) have both increased the likelihood of adverse drug events and increased the need for higher antidepressant concentrations to obtain maximum antidepressant response. By contrast, carriers of the higher expression homozygous long allele (L/L) genotype may respond at lower concentrations. The differential role of these polymorphisms appears at early stages of treatment rather than in the final antidepressant outcome. Research findings suggest that the rs25531 SNP may influence functional expression of the L allele. Similarly, a variable number of tandem repeats in the second intron of the serotonin transporter gene may influence the expression of SLC6A4 and the implications of these variants may be influenced by aging. Two polymorphisms, rs2242466 (-182T/C) and rs5569 (1287G/A), in the norepinephrine transporter gene (SLC6A2 or NET) have been associated with antidepressant response. Studies in dopamine-related polymorphisms have focused on associations with neuroleptic-induced movement disorders. The rs1800497 variant (Taq1A) of the dopamine receptor D2 (DRD2) gene located in a noncoding 3́ region may regulate expression of D2 receptors. The rs6280 variant (Ser9Gly) of the dopamine receptor 3 (DRD3) gene may influence the binding affinity of D3 receptors as a result of serine to glycine substitution of the receptor protein. A multicenter collaborative research effort would be an effective strategy to increase sample sizes to further investigate how gene variants impact the pharmacodynamics and pharmacokinetics of psychotropic drugs in elderly persons. © 2010 Future Medicine Ltd.
Mask ventilation, hypocapnia, and seizure duration in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Study Objective: To compare the Mapleson D circuit and the bag-valve-mask device for mask ventilation of patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Design: Cross-over study. Setting: Single-center academic medical center. Patients: 18 patients undergoing ECT for major depressive disorder. Interventions: Patients were randomized to undergo mask ventilation by the Mapleson D circuit or the bag-valve-mask device. Measurements: End-tidal CO 2, seizure duration, and airway pressure values were recorded. Main Results: End-tidal CO2 was significantly lower with the bag-valve-mask device. When compared with the bag-valve-mask device, ventilation with the Mapleson circuit resulted in rebreathing of CO2 in nearly all patients, shorter expiratory time, and lower pressure ramp slope. Conclusions: Hypocapnia was not associated with longer seizures, and the user-device interaction might affect device performance. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Double-blind, randomized, placebo controlled trial on the effect of 10 days low-frequency rTMS over the vertex on sleep in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: A recent report indicates repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) improves sleep in Parkinson's disease (PD). The aim of this work is to evaluate the effect of 10. days rTMS on sleep parameters in PD patients. Methods: Double-blind, placebo-controlled design. Eighteen idiopathic PD patients completed the study. Sleep parameters were evaluated through actigraphy and the Parkinson's Disease Sleep Scale (PDSS), along with depression (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, HDS), and the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS). Evaluations were carried out before treatment with rTMS (pre-evaluation, PRE), after the rTMS treatment programme (post-evaluation, POST), and one week after POST (POST-2). Nine PD patients received real rTMS and the other 9 received sham rTMS daily for 10. days, (100 pulses at 1. Hz) applied with a large circular coil over the vertex. Results: Stimulation had no effect over actigraphic variables. Conversely PDSS, HDS, and UPDRS were significantly improved by the stimulation. Notably, however, these changes were found equally in groups receiving real or sham stimulation. Conclusions: rTMS, using our protocol, has no therapeutic value on the sleep of PD patients, when compared to appropriate sham controls. Future works assessing the possible therapeutic role of rTMS on sleep in PD should control the effect of placebo. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.
The impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression in Parkinson's disease: A randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled study$$$ Objective: Based on several open-label and case studies, repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) seems to have an antidepressive effect on patients with Parkinson's disease. However, this hypothesis requires further confirmation. Methods: We conducted a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on depression in idiopathic Parkinson's disease (PD). 22 PD patients with mild or moderate depressive episodes were assigned into two groups, one receiving real-rTMS (90% of resting motor threshold, 5 Hz, 600 pulses/day for 10 days) over the left DLPFC, and another group receiving shamrTMS. An investigator blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 10 days (short-term) and 30 days after stimulation (long-term effect). MMSE, UPDRS, Hoehn-Yahr, Epworth Sleepiness, Visual Analogue and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scales (MADRS), Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and Trail making and Stroop tests were applied. Results: In the actively treated group, not only depression rating scales showed significant improvement (BDI by 44.4% and MADRS by 26.1%), but also the accuracy of Stroop test (by 16%). We could also demonstrate a pronounced but yet insignificant (p=0.06) improvement in UPDRS-III by 7.5 points (31.9%), which also lasted for at least 1 month after treatment ended. In the sham-treated group all the examined tests and scales remained unchanged after sham stimulation. Conclusions: Our study demonstrated the beneficial effect of the left DLPFC rTMS on depression in PD lasting at least 30 days after treatment.
The use of rTMS and tDCS in the treatment of the positive, negative and cognitive symptoms of schizophrenia$$$ Background: Schizophrenia remains a disorder which is poorly understood and for which we have only partially effective treatments. Although transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) techniques are best known for their use in the treatment of depression, a significant body of research has developed around the use of TMS to study schizophrenia and potentially modulate the symptoms of this disorder. In addition, early studies are being conducted of the use of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in both depression and schizophrenia. Methods: Randomised sham controlled trials of TMS have been conducted in the treatment of both refractory auditory hallucinations and negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. In addition, we are undertaking a trial of tDCS in the treatment of cognitive symptoms, negative symptoms and hallucinations. Results: Limited benefits in the treatment of refractory auditory hallucinations and negative symptoms were seen across two TMS clinical trials although a substantial treatment response was seen, especially in the reduction of hallucinations, in a limited number of patients. Preliminary data on the response to tDCS will also be presented. Conclusions: TMS appears to have the capacity to temporarily reduce the intensity of auditory hallucinations in some patients with schizophrenia although further research is required to confirm this finding and improve the overall response to treatment. tDCS is a promising treatment for schizophrenia but requires ongoing evaluation.
High-risk youth with diabetes need home-based behavioral interventions$$$ Results: High-risk, urban adolescents face many challenges in managing diabetes. Our prior work with adolescents in chronically poor metabolic control (CPMC) indicated that Multisystemic Therapy (MST), an intensive, home- and community-based family treatment, improved adherence and metabolic control compared to standard medical care. In a new randomized clinical trial, we compared MST to an active behavioral intervention, Telephone Support (TS). Eligible youth were recruited from an urban children's hospital and had insulin-managed diabetes (type 1= 88%, type 2=12%) in CPMC (current and past year HbA1c > 8%). Youth randomized to MST received a home-based intervention that targeted psychosocial factors associated with poor metabolic control within the individual youth (e.g. depression, poor diabetes management skills) family (e.g. low parental supervision), school (e.g. limited home-school communication) and community (e.g. negative interactions with medical team). Youth randomized to TS received a supportive phone intervention to promote better diabetes care. 133 adolescents and families participated. The sample was predominately African American (78%) and from single parent homes (62%). Mean HbA1c at baseline was 11.7%. Median age was 14 years. HbA1c was measured at baseline and at six month follow-up (immediate post-treatment). Frequency of daily blood glucose testing (BGT) was obtained from blood glucose meters. There were no significant between-group differences at baseline. Intent-to-treat analyses using ANCOVA with baseline values as the covariate found significant differences favoring MST at follow-up. The mean drop in HbA1c was 1.05% for the MST group versus a mean gain of 0.07% for TS (F(1,98)=94.17, p<.001). Improvement in HbA1c within MST was consistent across youth of varying weight (age and gender-normed BMI %tile >85th vs. <85th). Mean daily BGT frequency also increased in the MST group compared to a drop in tests per day in the TS group (F(1,97)=36.57, p<.001). Improvements in HbA1c were related to increases in BGT frequency (r=-0.37, p<.001). Findings indicate that MST improved metabolic control among urban adolescents with CPMC even when compared to an active behavioral intervention.
The pharmacological treatment of bipolar disorder in primary care$$$ Objective: To provide a practical overview of the pharmacological management of adults with bipolar disorder in primary care and the role of general practitioners in the pharmacotherapy of this complex disorder. Data sources: Published guidelines for the treatment of bipolar disorder, plus Cochrane reviews, meta-analyses, review articles and reports from randomised controlled trials that were published up to May 2009. Study selection: Over 500 articles on the treatment of bipolar disorder were reviewed, with an emphasis on meta-analyses and systematic reviews of randomised controlled trials. Where evidence was more limited, open trials and non-controlled data were also reviewed. Data extraction: Key recommendations relevant to GPs were synthesised and rated according to National Health and Medical Research Council levels of evidence. Data synthesis: Lithium, valproate and atypical antipsychotics are first-line treatment options for acute mania, and monotherapy is ideal if it produces an adequate response. For depressive episodes, recommendations are less definitive and the use of antidepressants is controversial. Most patients require maintenance treatment, during which pharmacotherapy should be used to prevent relapse, and psychological and social interventions should be considered. Conclusions: Bipolar disorder is a lifelong episodic illness that affects 1%-2% of the population, many of whom are principally managed by their GPs. Pharmacological treatment with mood-stabilising agents is the primary form of management, although this is ideally provided in conjunction with psychosocial interventions.
Chronic pain management issues in the primary care setting and the utility of long-acting opioids$$$ Importance of the field: Chronic/persistent pain a highly prevalent condition that places a substantial burden on patients in terms of personal suffering, reduced productivity and health care costs remains inadequately treated in many patients. The purpose of this review is to provide an overview and evaluate the burden and undertreatment of chronic/persistent pain, considerations for choosing an analgesic and the utility of long-acting opioids. Areas covered in this review: A PubMed search was conducted to identify randomized, placebo-controlled trials evaluating the efficacy and safety of long-acting opioids in chronic pain conditions. The following search terms were used: long-acting opioids, extended-release opioids, controlled-release opioids, sustained-release opioids, and transdermal opioids. The search was limited to randomized, controlled trials published within the last 10 years (1998 2008). Studies meeting the following criteria were excluded from review: those focused on a neuropathic pain condition or specific patient subpopulations (e.g., opioid-experienced patients); those conducted outside the USA; and those evaluating a long-acting opioid that is not on the US market at present. What the reader will gain: The reader will first develop a better understanding of the individual and societal ramifications of undertreated chronic pain. Then, a critical review of safety and efficacy data from well-controlled randomized studies will help readers understand the choices and variables that should be considered when selecting appropriate treatments for patients with chronic pain. Take home message: Successful management of chronic/persistent pain should be individually tailored to each patient, taking into account his or her pain intensity and duration, disease state, tolerance of adverse events and risk of medication abuse or diversion. The literature supports the efficacy and safety of a number of long-acting opioids for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic pain, demonstrating sustained improvements in pain intensity and pain-related sleep disturbances with these agents. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Pharmacologic options for reducing the shivering response to therapeutic hypothermia$$$ Recent literature has demonstrated significant improvements in neurologic outcomes in patients who have received induced hypothermia in the setting of out-of-hospital cardiac arrest. Through multiple metabolic mechanisms, the induction of hypothermia slows the progression and devastation of transient cerebral hypoxia. Despite these benefits, the desired reduction in core temperature is often a challenging venture as the body attempts to maintain homeostasis through the induction of thermoregulatory processes aimed at elevating body temperature. Shivering is an involuntary muscular activity that enhances heat production in an attempt to restore homeostasis. For successful induction and maintenance of induced hypothermia, shivering, as well as other thermoregulatory responses, must be overcome. Several pharmacologic options are available, either used alone or in combination, that safely and effectively prevent or treat shivering after the induction of hypothermia. We conducted a PubMed search (1966-March 2009) to identify all human investigations published in English that discussed pharmacologic mechanisms for the control of shivering. Among these options, clonidine, dexmedetomidine, and meperidine have demonstrated the greatest and most clinically relevant impact on depression of the shivering threshold. More research in this area is needed, however, and the role of the clinical pharmacist in the development and implementation of this therapy needs to be defined.
Noninvasive brain stimulation with high-frequency and low-intensity repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for posttraumatic stress disorder$$$ Objective: We aimed to investigate the efficacy of 20 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of either right or left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) as compared to sham rTMS for the relief of posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD)-associated symptoms. Method: In this double-blind, placebo-controlled phase II trial conducted between October 2005 and July 2008, 30 patients with DSM-IV-diagnosed PTSD were randomly assigned to receive 1 of the following treatments: active 20 Hz rTMS of the right DLPFC, active 20 Hz rTMS of the left DLPFC, or sham rTMS. Treatments were administered in 10 daily sessions over 2 weeks. A blinded rater assessed severity of core PTSD symptoms, depression, and anxiety before, during, and after completion of the treatment protocol. In addition, a battery of neuropsychological tests was measured before and after treatment. Results: Results show that both active conditions - 20 Hz rTMS of left and right DLPFC - induced a significant decrease in PTSD symptoms as indexed by the PTSD Checklist and Treatment Outcome PTSD Scale; however, right rTMS induced a larger effect as compared to left rTMS. In addition, there was a significant improvement of mood after left rTMS and a significant reduction of anxiety following right rTMS. Improvements in PTSD symptoms were long lasting; effects were still significant at the 3-month follow-up. Finally, neuropsychological evaluation showed that active 20 Hz rTMS is not associated with cognitive worsening and is safe for use in patients with PTSD. Conclusions: These results support the notion that modulation of prefrontal cortex can alleviate the core symptoms of PTSD and suggest that high-frequency rTMS of right DLPFC might be the optimal treatment strategy. © Copyright 2009 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
A randomized add-on trial of an N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonist in treatment-resistant bipolar depression$$$ Context: Existing therapies for bipolar depression have a considerable lag of onset of action. Pharmacological strategies that produce rapid antidepressant effects - for instance, within a few hours or days - would have an enormous impact on patient care and public health. Objective: To determine whether an N-methyl-D-aspartate-receptor antagonist produces rapid antidepressant effects in subjects with bipolar depression. Design: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind, crossover, add-on study conducted from October 2006 to June 2009. Setting: Mood Disorders Research Unit at the National Institute of Mental Health, Bethesda, Maryland. Patients: Eighteen subjects with DSM-IV bipolar depression (treatment-resistant). Interventions: Subjects maintained at therapeutic levels of lithium or valproate received an intravenous infusion of either ketamine hydrochloride (0.5 mg/kg) or placebo on 2 test days 2 weeks apart. The Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale was used to rate subjects at baseline and at 40, 80, 110, and 230 minutes and on days 1, 2, 3, 7, 10, and 14 postinfusion. Main Outcome Measures: Change in Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale primary efficacy measure scores. Results: Within 40 minutes, depressive symptoms significantly improved in subjects receiving ketamine compared with placebo (d=0.52, 95% confidence interval [CI], 0.28-0.76); this improvement remained significant through day 3. The drug difference effect size was largest at day 2 (d=0.80, 95% CI, 0.55-1.04). Seventy-one percent of subjects responded to ketamine and 6% responded to placebo at some point during the trial. One subject receiving ketamine and 1 receiving placebo developed manic symptoms. Ketamine was generally well tolerated; the most common adverse effect was dissociative symptoms, only at the 40-minute point. Conclusion: In patients with treatment-resistant bipolar depression, robust and rapid antidepressant effects resulted from a single intravenous dose of an N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonist. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00088699. ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Clinical predictors and drugs interactions of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS)$$$ Most trials of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) have used small samples, and thus lack power. Here we bring up-to-date our meta-analysis of treatment in depression [1;2]. We searched Medline and Embase from 1996 until 2008 for randomised blinded sham controlled trials.We identified 1789 studies. Thirty-one were suitable for inclusion, with a cumulative sample of 815 active and 716 sham TMS courses. We found a moderately sized effect in favour of TMS (Random effects model Hedges' g = 0.64, 95% CI: 0.50 to 0.79). The corresponding Pooled Peto's Odds-Ratio for treatment response (≤50% reduction in depression scores) was 4.1 (95% CI: 2.9 to 5.9) with corresponding numbers-needed-totreat (NNT) of 4 (95% CI: 3 to 6). There was significant variability between study effect sizes. Meta-regressions with relevant study variables did not reveal any predictors of treatment efficacy. Nine studies included follow-up data with an average follow-up time of 4.3 weeks; there was no mean change in depression severity between the end of treatment and follow-up (Hedges' g = -0.02, 95% CI: -0.22 to +0.18) and no heterogeneity in outcome. TMS appears to be an effective treatment, however at four weeks followup after TMS there had been no further change in depression severity. Problems with finding a suitably blind and ineffective placebo condition may have confounded the published effect sizes. If the TMS effect is specific, only further large doubleblind randomised controlled designs with systematic exploration of treatment and patient parameters will help to define optimum treatment indications and regimen.
The effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressive disorder partial remission$$$ Aim: High frequency left-sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to have antidepressant effects in double-blind trials [1]. Many studies confirm the benefit of rTMS in treatment-resistant depression [2], and it is approved for this treatment in many countries. Many patients with major depression respond to medication but do not achieve total remission (partial remission). The present study aims to evaluate the effect of rTMS in these patients. There are two regimens of rTMS in depression; one is low frequency stimulation of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, the other is high frequency of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Most of the existing studies considered the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. [3]. In this study we will also be performing high frequency rTMS at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Method: Subjects are patients meeting DSM-IV criteria for nonpsychotic major depressive disorder who respond to 8 weeks of medication treatment but do not achieve remission. The partial remission condition was determined using the Hamilton rating scale for depression - Thai version (HAM-D >7 but <18, with global clinical asssessment after medication at least much improved, (CGI-1≥2). All patients received rTMS applied at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The dose of rTMS is 10 sessions of 50 stimulation in 5 seconds, 25 trains/session (100% of motor threshold and 1250 pulses per session). During the rTMS course the patients were still taking medication as usual. The antidepressant effect was measured by HAM-D Thai version as a primary outcome scale. Adverse events were monitored continuously during treatment. Results: Five patients (4 females, 1 male) met the inclusion criteria and agreed to receive rTMS. Their median HAM-D score prior to rTMS treatment was 12 (range 11-17). The median HAM-D score after rTMS treatment was 6 (range 3-7). Using Wilcoxon signed-rank test HAM-D score in patients with partial remission major depressive disorder significantly decreased after the treatment with rTMS at p = 0.042. All five patients (100%) achieved remission (HAM-D<8) after rTMS treatment. There were no severe adverse events. One patient had vertigo after the first treatment session and one patient had a feeling of scalp contraction during treatment but fully recovered within half an hour without medical intervention. Conclusion: For patients with major depressive disorder in partial remission, high frequency rTMS at the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex may provide benefits in adjunctive treatment with good tolerability. However, the long term effect should be observed. The short duration of treatment and lack of controlled subjects suggest that further double-blind randomized controlled studies are needed before rTMS can be considered as an adjunctive treatment in major depressive disorder partial remission.
Aripiprazol in the treatment of catatonia - Review of the literature and case reports$$$ Purpose of the study: Catatonia can appear in many different medical conditions and mental disorders, especially in schizophrenia and in major affective disorders (unipolar depressive disorder, bipolar affective disorder), due to several general medical conditions (infections, endocrinologic, neurological and metabolic pathology), or as an adverse effect of a treatment. Evidence indicates that first generation antipsychotics (FGA) may aggravate catatonia, while second generation antipsychotics (SGA) can be useful [1]. Successful aripiprazole treatment of catatonia was reported in some recent case reports in the literature. The aim of this paper is to review the available recently published data on the use of aripiprazole in the treatment of catatonia and to introduce the effectiveness of intramuscularly administered aripiprazole in three cases of patients with catatonia. Methods used: Review of the literature and three case report. Summary of results: According to the data in the literature, aripiprazole can either act as a high affinity partial agonist (in hypodopaminergic states), or an antagonist (in hyperdopaminergic states) at the dopamine D2 receptor. The combination of aripiprazole's partial D2 receptor agonism, 5-HT1A receptor agonism and 5-HT2A receptor antagonism likely increases dopamine release in the prefrontal cortex, which could explain the benefit of aripiprazole in catatonia resolution [2]. Furthermore, the motor symptoms in catatonia may be accounted for by dysregulation in cortical- subcortical circuits between motor/premotor cortex and basal ganglia ('motor loop'), and γ-aminobutyric acid-ergic (GABA) cortical dysfunction may account for affective and behavioural abnormalities in catatonia. In the light of the cortical dysfunction of the 'motor loop', it seems that aripiprazole, a D2 /5-HT1A partial agonist can be beneficial on the GABAergic/dopaminergic dysregulation in catatonia. Conclusions: Traditionally, the benzodiazepines are used as first line treatment of catatonic states and they result in clinical improvement in 70-80% of the adult patients. However, a number of patients - especially when catatonia is associated with schizophrenia - do not respond to benzodiazepines. According to the recent literature and to our presented cases, per orally or intramuscularly administered aripiprazole therapy was found to be safe and effective in resolving severe catatonic symptoms, independently from the features or from the origin of catatonia, presented either in schizophrenia, in major depressive disorder or in brief psychotic disorder [3]. Thus, besides benzodiazepines and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), aripiprazole might be an alternative treatment for catatonia, especially in patients with schizophrenia or other psychotic disorders with catatonic features. Furthermore, the intramuscular use of aripiprazole can also be recommended as an alternative, third-line treatment for catatonia, when benzodiazepines or electroconvulsive therapy are not effective or not proposed. However, randomized controlled trials comparing benzodiazepines and aripiprazole are needed in the future to prove the effectiveness of aripiprazole in the treatment of patients with catatonia.
The FDA should test the safety of ECT machines$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and the machines that deliver it have never been tested for safety and efficacy in order to receive approval from the FDA. The American Psychiatric Association and ECT advocates protested when the FDA took steps to classify the machines as posing "an unreasonable risk of illness or injury", which would have required their testing before approval. Without requiring this testing, the FDA is now preparing to classify the treatment and the machines as safe. This article reviews evidence demonstrating that ECT is very harmful to the brain and mind, and concludes that the FDA should demand the usual testing, starting with animals, that is required before psychiatric treatments and machines are approved for marketing and use. © 2010-IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and acceptability of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors for the treatment of depression in Parkinson's disease: A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials$$$ Background: Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are the most commonly prescribed antidepressants for the treatment of depression in patients with Parkinson's Disease (PD) but data on their efficacy are controversial.Methods: We conducted a systematic review and meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials to investigate the efficacy and acceptability of SSRIs in the treatment of depression in PD.Results: Ten studies were included. In the comparison between SSRIs and Placebo (n = 6 studies), the combined risk ratio (random effects) was 1.08 (95% confidence interval: 0.77 - 1.55, p = 0.67). In the comparison between SSRIs and Tricyclic Antidepressants (TCAs) (n = 3 studies) the combined risk ratio was 0.75 (0.39 - 1.42, p = 0.37). An acceptability analysis showed that SSRIs were generally well tolerated.Conclusions: These results suggest that there is insufficient evidence to reject the null hypothesis of no differences in efficacy between SSRIs and placebo in the treatment of depression in PD. Due to the limited number of studies and the small sample sizes a type II error (false negative) cannot be excluded. The comparison between SSRIs and TCAs is based on only three studies and further trials with more pragmatic design are needed. © 2010 Skapinakis et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Transcranial low voltage pulsed electromagnetic fields in patients with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Approximately 30% of patients with depression are resistant to antidepressant drugs. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been found effective in combination with antidepressants in this patient group. The aim of this study was to evaluate the antidepressant effect of a new principle using low-intensity transcranially applied pulsed electromagnetic fields (T-PEMF) in combination with antidepressants in patients with treatment-resistant depression. Methods: This was a sham-controlled double-blind study comparing 5 weeks of active or sham T-PEMF in patients with treatment-resistant major depression. The antidepressant treatment, to which patients had been resistant, was unchanged 4 weeks before and during the study period. Weekly assessments were performed using both clinician-rated and patient-rated scales. The T-PEMF equipment was designed as a helmet containing seven separate coils located over the skull that generated an electrical field in tissue with orders of magnitude weaker than those generated by rTMS equipment. Results: Patients on active T-PEMF showed a clinically and statistically significant better outcome than patients treated with sham T-PEMF, with an onset of action within the first weeks of therapy. Effect size on the Hamilton 17-item Depression Rating Scale was .62 (95% confidence interval .211.02). Treatment-emergent side effects were few and mild. Conclusion: The T-PEMF treatment was superior to sham treatment in patients with treatment-resistant depression. Few side effects were observed. Mechanism of the antidepressant action, in light of the known effects of PEMF stimulation to the brain, is discussed. © 2010 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Prophylactic continuous administration of landiolol, a novel β1 blocker, blunts hyperdynamic responses during electroconvulsive therapy without altering seizure activity$$$ Objective. In previous reports, it has been shown that many drugs may act against hyperdynamic responses during electro-convulsive therapy (ECT). The aim of this study was to conduct a randomized, placebo-controlled crossover study to investigate the hemodynamic responses and seizure duration during ECT by continuous administration of two doses of landiolol, a novel short-acting β1-adrenergic blocker, including standard and high-dose. Methods. Thirty-two patients undergoing ECT participated in this study. The control treatment was infusion of saline alone. The standard-dose of landiolol, 0.125 mg/kg per min, was infused over a 1-min period as a standard treatment. The high-dose landiolol treatment was 0.25 mg/kg per min, also infused over a 1-min period. After landiolol treatments, patients received landiolol at 0.04 mg/kg per min. Propofol and succinylcholine was then administered, and electrical stimulation was applied. Results. Both peak heart rate and mean arterial pressure after ECT was lowest with high-dose landiolol treatment. Motor and EEG seizure duration did not differ among the treatments. Conclusion. The results of this study show that high-dose landiolol treatment blunts hyperdynamic responses during ECT. Furthermore, landiolol does not reduce the seizure duration. © Informa UK Ltd. 2010.
Contralateral versus ipsilateral rTMS of temporoparietal cortex for the treatment of chronic unilateral tinnitus: Comparative study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over left temporoparietal cortex has been reported to have a long-term therapeutic effect on tinnitus. We compare the impact of 1 and 25 Hz rTMS delivered either contralateral or ipsilateral to symptoms in 62 patients with unilateral chronic tinnitus. Material and methods: Patients were randomly assigned to one of four treatment groups: with stimulation at 1 or 25 Hz applied either ipsilateral or contralateral to symptoms. Two thousand pulses per session were given daily for 2 weeks. Changes in tinnitus handicap inventory (THI), self-rating scores of loudness, awareness, and annoyance were measured monthly for 10 months. Duration of residual inhibition (RI) and psychiatric morbidity were evaluated monthly for 3 months. Results: There was a significant main effect of time (P < 0.0001) and a significant time × side interaction (P = 0.032) between groups. This was because of the fact that contralateral stimulation had a greater effect on THI than ipsilateral stimulation; it was also superior to left side stimulation (P = 0.027). Ratings of loudness improved more after contralateral rTMS (P = 0.037). Twenty patients had no remaining tinnitus after 3 months; the remainder had a significant increase in RI. Patients with the shortest history of tinnitus tended to respond better to rTMS. There was a significant correlation between changes in THI score and changes in Hamilton anxiety and depression scores. Conclusion: Ten daily treatments of 1 and 25 Hz rTMS contralateral to the side of tinnitus have a greater beneficial effect on symptoms than either ipsilateral or left side stimulation. © 2010 EFNS and PNS.
Initiating levodopa/carbidopa therapy with and without entacapone in early Parkinson disease: The STRIDE-PD study$$$ Objective: L-dopa is the most widely used and most effective therapy for Parkinson disease (PD), but chronic treatment is associated with motor complications in the majority of patients. It has been hypothesized that providing more continuous delivery of L-dopa to the brain would reduce the risk of motor complications, and that this might be accomplished by combining L-dopa with entacapone, an inhibitor of catechol-O-methyltransferase, to extend its elimination half-life. Methods: We performed a prospective 134-week double-blind trial comparing the risk of developing dyskinesia in 747 PD patients randomized to initiate L-dopa therapy with L-dopa/carbidopa (LC) or L-dopa/carbidopa/ entacapone (LCE), administered 4x daily at 3.5-hour intervals. The primary endpoint was time to onset of dyskinesia. Results: In comparison to LC, patients receiving LCE had a shorter time to onset of dyskinesia (hazard ratio, 1.29; p = 0.04) and increased frequency at week 134 (42% vs 32%; p = 0.02). These effects were more pronounced in patients receiving dopamine agonists at baseline. Time to wearing off and motor scores were not significantly different, but trended in favor of LCE treatment. Patients in the LCE group received greater L-dopa dose equivalents than LC-treated patients (p < 0.001). Interpretation: Initiating L-dopa therapy with LCE failed to delay the time of onset or reduce the frequency of dyskinesia compared to LC. In fact, LCE was associated with a shorter time to onset and increased frequency of dyskinesia compared to LC. These results may re.ect that the treatment protocol employed did not provide continuous L-dopa availability and the higher L-dopa dose equivalents in the LCE group. © 2010 American Neurological Association.
Oral ketamine for the rapid treatment of depression and anxiety in patients receiving hospice care$$$ Depression is prevalent and undertreated in patients receiving hospice care. Standard antidepressants do not work rapidly or often enough to benefit most of these patients. Here, two cases are reported in which a single oral dose of ketamine provided rapid and moderately sustained symptom relief for both depression and anxiety. In addition, no adverse effects were noted. Further investigation with randomized, controlled clinical trials is necessary to firmly establish the effectiveness of oral ketamine for the treatment of depression and anxiety in patients receiving hospice care. Ketamine may be a promising safe, effective, and cost-effective rapid treatment for depression and anxiety in this population. © 2010, Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Should we expand the toolbox of psychiatric treatment methods to include repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)? A meta-analysis of the efficacy of rTMS in psychiatric disorders$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a safe treatment method with few side effects. However, efficacy for various psychiatric disorders is currently not clear. Data sources: A literature search was performed from 1966 through October 2008 using PubMed, Ovid Medline, Embase Psychiatry, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews, Database of Abstracts of Reviews of Effects, and PsycINFO. The following search terms were used: transcranial magnetic stimulation, TMS, repetitive TMS, psychiatry, mental disorder, psychiatric disorder, anxiety disorder, attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder, bipolar disorder, catatonia, mania, depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, psychosis, posttraumatic stress disorder, schizophrenia, Tourette's syndrome, bulimia nervosa, and addiction. Study selection: Data were obtained from randomized, sham-controlled studies of rTMS treatment for depression (34 studies), auditory verbal hallucinations (AVH, 7 studies), negative symptoms in schizophrenia (7 studies), and obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD, 3 studies). Studies of rTMS versus electroconvulsive treatment (ECT, 6 studies) for depression were meta-analyzed. Data extraction: Standardized mean effect sizes of rTMS versus sham were computed based on pretreatment-posttreatment comparisons. Data synthesis: The mean weighted effect size of rTMS versus sham for depression was 0.55 (P < .001). Monotherapy with rTMS was more effective than rTMS as adjunctive to antidepressant medication. ECT was superior to rTMS in the treatment of depression (mean weighted effect size -0.47, P = .004). In the treatment of AVH, rTMS was superior to sham treatment, with a mean weighted effect size of 0.54 (P < .001). The mean weighted effect size for rTMS versus sham in the treatment of negative symptoms in schizophrenia was 0.39 (P = .11) and for OCD, 0.15 (P = .52). Side effects were mild, yet more prevalent with high-frequency rTMS at frontal locations. Conclusions: It is time to provide rTMS as a clinical treatment method for depression, for auditory verbal hallucinations, and possibly for negative symptoms. We do not recommend rTMS for the treatment of OCD. © Copyright 2010 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Pilot study of cranial stimulation for symptom management in breast cancer.$$$ PURPOSE/OBJECTIVES: To examine the feasibility, relationships among variables, and preliminary outcomes of a self-directed complementary modality, cranial electrical stimulation (CES), for symptom management in women receiving chemotherapy for breast cancer. DESIGN: Biobehavioral pilot feasibility study. SETTING: Two university-based cancer centers. SAMPLE: 36 women with stage I-IIIA breast cancer scheduled to receive chemotherapy. METHODS: Data were collected via interview, questionnaires, and interactive voice technology (IVR). Biomarkers were measured from a blood sample taken prior to the initial chemotherapy. MAIN RESEARCH VARIABLES: Symptoms of depression, anxiety, fatigue, pain, and sleep disturbances; biomarkers (proinflammatory cytokines interleukin-6, tumor necrosis factor alpha [TNF-alpha], interleukin-1 beta) and C-reactive protein [CRP]); and CES. FINDINGS: CES appears to be a safe and acceptable modality during chemotherapy. Recruitment and retention were adequate. IVR was associated with missing data. Symptoms of depression, anxiety, fatigue, and sleep disturbances were highly correlated with each other, and most symptoms were correlated with CRP at baseline. Depression and TNF-alpha had a positive, significant relationship. Levels of depression increased over time and trended toward less increase in the CES group; however, the differences among groups were not statistically significant.CONCLUSIONS: The data support the feasibility of CES. Further testing in larger samples is needed to examine the efficacy of CES for symptom management of multiple, concurrent symptoms and to further develop the biobehavioral framework. IMPLICATIONS FOR NURSING: Interventions that are effective at minimizing more than one target symptom are especially needed to provide optimal symptom management for women with breast cancer.
Effectiveness of thiopentone, propofol and midazolam as an ideal intravenous anaesthetic agent for modififi ed electroconvulsive therapy: A comparative study$$$ Modifi ed electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a safe and most effective treatment modality for major depressive disorders with suicidal tendencies. For this, one must have an ideal intravenous anaesthetic agent for induction which provides rapid onset, short duration of action, attenuates adverse physiological effect of ECT, rapid recovery without adverse shortening of seizure duration and minimum rise in serum potassium. The studies in search of an ideal intravenous anaesthetic agent are limited. Aim is to compare the effect of iv thiopentone, propofol and midazolam on induction time and quality, haemodynamics, Seizure duration, recovery time and changes in serum potassium level. 90 patients of ASA I and II of either sex having major depressive illness were randomly allocated into three groups (n = 30) based on iv induction agent used. Group I, Group II and Group III patients were induced with iv thiopentone 5 mg/kg, propofol 2 mg/kg and midazolam 0.2 mg/kg, respectively. The induction time, quality of induction, haemodynamic changes, seizure duration, recovery time and change in serum potassium level were measured and analyzed by Z test. Induction was quicker in propofol group i.e., 41.03 ± 6.11 sec than in thiopentone (50.6 ± 6.32 sec) and midazolam group (77.30 ± 6.67 sec). Seizure duration was signifi cantly shorter in midazolam group compared to propofol and thiopentone groups. Though signifi cant rise in HR, SBP DBP was observed in all the three groups following ECT, but rise was signifi cantly higher in thiopentone group compared to other two groups. Signifi cantly, faster recovery was observed with propofol. Rise in serum potassium after ECT was not signifi cant in any of the groups. Propofol is a safe and suitable intravenous anaesthetic agent for induction of anaesthesia for modifi ed ECT.
Morphine sulfate and naltrexone hydrochloride extended release capsules in patients with chronic osteoarthritis pain$$$ Objective: To assess the efficacy and safety of morphine sulfate and naltrexone hydrochloride extended release capsules (EMBEDA®; MS-sNT), which contain morphine sulfate pellets with a sequestered naltrexone core, in treating patients with chronic, moderate-to-severe osteoarthritis (hip or knee) pain. Patients and Methods: This phase 3 study had an enriched-enrollment, randomized-withdrawal, double-blind, multicenter design. Patients (N = 547) were titrated to an effective dose of MS-sNT (20-160 mg/day). Responders (n = 344) were randomized to 12 weeks maintenance with an effective MS-sNT dose or were tapered to placebo over 2 weeks. The primary efficacy measure was the change from baseline (CFB) in diary average-pain scores (0-10 scale, Brief Pain Inventory [BPI]) from randomization to the last 7 days of the maintenance period. Secondary efficacy measures included the remaining BPI scores and Western Ontario and McMaster Universities (WOMAC) Osteoarthritis Index. Opioid withdrawal symptoms were assessed by the Clinical Opiate Withdrawal Scale (COWS) and Subjective Opiate Withdrawal Scale (SOWS). The study ran from January 10, 2007 through November 8, 2007. Results: MS-sNT maintained pain control better than placebo (mean CFB, diary average-pain score, -0.2 ± 1.9 vs +0.3 ± 2.1; P = 0.045). Change from baseline for MS-sNT pain-diary score (worst, least, average, current) was superior during the maintenance period visits, weeks 2 to 12 (P < 0.05). WOMAC composite score CFB was superior at most visits. MS-sNT was generally well tolerated, with a typical morphine safety profile. No patient taking MS-sNT as directed experienced withdrawal symptoms. Conclusion: MS-sNT provided effective analgesia in patients with chronic, moderate-to-severe osteoarthritis pain, with a safety profile typical of morphine-containing products. Naltrexone sequestered in MS-sNT had no clinically relevant effect when MS-sNT was taken as directed. © Postgraduate Medicine.
Post-operative analgesia following total knee arthroplasty: Comparison of low-dose intrathecal morphine and single-shot ultrasound-guided femoral nerve block: A randomized, single blinded, controlled study$$$ Background and Objectives: Total knee arthroplasty often results in marked postoperative pain. A recent meta-analysis supports the use of femoral nerve block or alternatively spinal injection of morphine plus local anaesthetic for post-operative analgesia. On the other hand, the use of intrathecal morphine may be associated with a large number of distressing side effects (itching, urinary retention, nausea and vomiting, delayed respiratory depression). The aim of this study was to compare the effectiveness of femoral nerve block and low dose intrathecal morphine in post-operative analgesia after primary unilateral total knee arthroplasty. Material and Methods: Fifty-two consecutive patients scheduled for primary unilateral total knee arthroplasty were allocated to the intrathecal morphine group (ITM group) or to the femoral nerve block group (FNB group). In ITM group a subarachnoid puncture was performed at the L3-L4 inter-vertebral space with hyperbaric bupivacaine 15 mg plus 100 mcg of preservative-free morphine. Patients allocated to the FNB group received a single-injection ultrasound-assisted femoral nerve block with ropivacaine 0.75% 25 ml before the spinal injection of hyperbaric bupivacaine 15 mg. All patients received postoperative patient-controlled-analgesia (PCA) morphine, using a 1-mg bolus and a 5-minute lockout period. Data were analyzed using Student t test or two-way analysis of variance (ANOVA) for repeated measures with time and treatment as the 2 factors. Post hoc comparisons were performed by Bonferroni test. Statistical significance for all test was a p value <0.05. Results: Patient characteristics were similar between the 2 groups. We found a statistically significant differences in postoperative pain between the two groups: ITM group had the lower visual analogic pain score (VAS) values. Morphine consumption was lower in the ITM group: average consumption within the first 6 hours was 0.9 mg in IT group compared to 3.1 mg in FNB group; at 12 h 4.2 mg vs 6.3 mg; at 24 h 6.9 mg vs 10.3 mg; at 48 h 9.7 mg vs 13.6 mg. However, the difference in the opiate consumption was not statistically different (p value =0.06). Thirteen patients in ITM group experienced itching, only 5 in FNB group. We did not find any difference in the two treatment groups in the use of antiemetic and antipruritic medication. No cases of respiratory depression was recorded. Conclusions: Our results show that low dose of intrathecal morphine may be safe and more efficient than single-shot femoral nerve block for post-operative analgesia after total knee arthroplasty.
A symptom-specific analysis of the effect of high-frequency left or low-frequency right transcranial magnetic stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression$$$ Background: We have investigated the efficacy of high-frequency left (HFL) versus low-frequency right (LFR) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in depression, focusing on specific symptoms as possible predictors of outcome for these two different types of stimulation. Method: Seventy-four outpatients with a major depressive episode treated with an adequate antidepressant dosage for at least 4 weeks were included in our study and randomly assigned to two different groups: HFL or LFR rTMS. The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) items were pooled into 6 factors to evaluate specific symptoms as possible predictors of response. Results: Twenty-one out of 32 patients (65.6%) and 24 out of 42 patients (57.1%) were responders in the HFL and LFR groups, respectively. No significant difference in response rate was observed. Considering the whole sample, we found an inverse correlation between activity and HAM-D score reduction and a significant positive relation between somatic anxiety and outcome. An inverse correlation between psychic anxiety and HAM-D score reduction emerged considering the HFL group. In the LFR group, there was a significant negative relationship between baseline activity and the outcome. Conclusion: These findings support the hypothesis that LFR rTMS could be as effective as HFL rTMS and more suitable for patients with a higher anxiety degree, particularly in bipolar patients. © 2010 S. Karger AG.
Treatment of early-onset schizophrenia$$$ Purpose of review: Treatment of children who develop schizophrenia in childhood and early adolescence presents unique considerations. There has been increasing attention to the importance of early intervention and whether treatment effects may be affected by brain development. Recent findings: Several recent trials support the use of antipsychotics for treatment of schizophrenia in children and adolescents. Clozapine shows greater efficacy in children and adolescents than it has in adults. A large-scale trial comparing a first-generation antipsychotic (molindone) with newer agents did not find significant differences in treatment response, although the newer antipsychotics were associated with more severe weight gain. Data regarding effects of antipsychotics on brain development in children and young adolescents with schizophrenia are sparse, although one report found no difference between effects of clozapine and olanzapine on cortical thickness. Summary: Although psychosocial interventions are an important adjunctive treatment, antipsychotic medications continue to be the mainstay of treatment. Careful monitoring of metabolic side effects and age-appropriate intervention is particularly important, as children and adolescents appear to be more likely to develop metabolic abnormalities such as pronounced weight gain, which may significantly impact adherence as well as lead to other health issues. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation using the H-coil for Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective:To test the efficacy and safety of the H-coil as a treatment for PD. Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive method for brain stimulation, being experimentally assessed for various neuropsychiatric disorders including Parkinson's disease (PD).As the standard coils used for rTMS are presumed to induce stimulation of the superficial cortical layers alone, a new coil, termed the Hesed Coil (H-coil), was developed, allowing more direct stimulation of deeper neuronal pathways. Methods: Two sequential studies were conducted: 1. A double blind, sham-controlled study of high frequency (excitatory) stimulation over the motor as well as prefrontal cortex. 2. An open pilot study of low frequency (inhibitory) stimulation over the motor cortex along with high frequency stimulation over the prefrontal cortex. In both studies the patients received a course of 12 treatment sessions within one month. Outcome measures, collected on days 1,10,30,60 and 90 included: Unified PD rating scale (UPDRS), Clinical Global Impression of severity and of change scales, pegboard test, foot and finger tapping tests, timed Up and Go test (TUG), as well as several measures of depression and neuropsychological functioning. Results: 20 PD patients were randomized to the double-blind study, which showed a trend for improvement in UPDRS score in the active treatment group. There was no difference between the groups in other motor scores which slightly improved in both groups. Ten patients participated in the open study, where a significant improvement of several motor measures at day 30 was evident including: TUG, pegboard, hand and foot tapping. A trend for improvement was evident in the UPDRS. The treatment effect disappeared at day 60. In both studies rTMS did not affect depression or cognitive measures and the treatment was well tolerated. Conclusions: In the small double blind study high frequency rTMs with the H-coil failed to achieve beneficial effects on motor measures of PD while in an open study, low frequency stimulation caused a short-term improvement of some motor measures. Further studies are warranted to define optimal brain areas and stimulation parameters in order to achieve a substantial beneficial effect in PD.
The impact of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depression with Parkinson's disease: A randomized, controlled, double-blinded, single center study$$$ Objective: To evaluate the effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on various motor and non-motor features of idiopathic Parkinson's disease (PD). Background: Based on several open-label and case studies, rTMS seems to have an antidepressive effect on patients with Parkinson's disease. However, this hypothesis requires confirmation by randomized, controlled, double-blinded studies. Methods: Twenty-two patients with PD were assigned into 2 groups, one receiving real-rTMS (90% of resting motor threshold, 10 Hz, 450 pulses-day for 10 days) over the left DLPFC, and the other group receiving sham-rTMS. An investigator nurse blinded to the treatment performed three video-taped examinations on each patient: before stimulation (baseline), 10 days (short-term) and 30 days after stimulation (long-term effect). MMSE, UPDRS, Hoehn-Yahr, Epworth, visual analogue and Montgomery-Asberg depression rating scales (MADRS), Beck depression inventory (BDI), and trail making and Stroop tests were applied. Results: In the rTMS treated group, the depression scales significantly improved (MADRS by 4.5 points and BDI by 4 points, p<0.05). Meanwhile, the UPDRS-II, UPDRS-III and the Stroop tests also significantly improved (by 3, 3 and 2 points respectively; p<0.05). These changes were consistent over the 30 days. However, none of the examined tests changed from the baseline in the shamtreated group. Conclusions: In our randomized, controlled, double-blinded, single center study, the left DLPFC rTMS demonstrated at least 30 days long effect on depression and motor functions in PD. However, this result should be confirmed by further clinical trials.
Researchers find rTMS effective in treating treatment-resistant depression$$$ Increased mortality in elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis-Elderly patients with dementia-related psychosis treated with antipsychotic drugs are at an increased risk of death. Analyses of seventeen placebo-controlled trials (modal duration of 10 weeks), largely in patients taking atypical antipsychotic drugs, revealed a risk of death in drug-treated patients of between 1.6 to 1.7 times the risk of death in placebo-treated patients. Over the course of a typical 10-week controlled trial, the rate of death in drug-treated patients was about 4.5%, compared to a rate of about 2.6% in the placebo group. Although the causes of death were varied, most of the deaths appeared to be either cardiovascular (e.g., heart failure, sudden death) or infectious (e.g., pneumonia) in nature. Observational studies suggest that, similar to atypical antipsychotic drugs, treatment with conventional antipsychotic drugs may increase mortality. The extent to which the findings of increased mortality in observational studies may be attributed to the antipsychotic drug as opposed to some characteristic(s) of the patients is not clear. GEODON (ziprasidone) is not approved for the treatment of patients with Dementia-Related Psychosis (see warnings).
Approach to Premenstrual Dysphoria for the Mental Health Practitioner$$$ As many as 7% of women experience significant social or occupational dysfunction as a result of severe premenstrual mood disturbance. Biological, psychological, and sociocultural factors are implicated in the cause of premenstrual dysphoric disorder, but the interaction between these factors remains to be elucidated. Mental health practitioners can aid women by providing diagnostic clarity and by initiating an integrated step-wise management approach. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Electroconvulsive therapy is equally effective in unipolar and bipolar depression$$$ Objective: To determine the relative efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of bipolar (BP) and unipolar (UP) depressive illness and clarify its role in BP depression. Method: Patients referred for ECT with both UP and BP depressions. [classified by Structured Clinical Interview for DSM (SCID-I) criteria for history of mania] were included in a multi-site collaborative, double-masked, randomized controlled trial of three electrode placements - right unilateral, bifrontal or bitemporal - in a permutated block randomization scheme. Results: Of 220 patients, 170 patients (77.3%) were classified as UP and 50 (22.7%) as BP depression in the intent-to-treat sample. The remission and response rates and numbers of ECT for both groups were equivalent. Conclusion: Both UP and BP depressions remit with ECT. Polarity is not a factor in the response rate. In this sample ECT did not precipitate mania in depressed patients. Treatment algorithms for UP and BP depression warrant re-evaluation. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Combined catecholamine and indoleamine depletion following response to ECT$$$ The mechanism of action of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating major depression is unknown. We studied two candidate mechanisms through inhibiting simultaneously the synthesis of noradrenaline and serotonin in patients immediately after successful treatment with ECT using a randomised, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover design. There were no significant changes in depression scores under any experimental conditions, or between the amine-depleted and placebo groups despite reductions of 61% in serum homovanillic acid, 47% in 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyenylethyleneglycol, and 89% in serum tryptophan. Catecholamine and serotonin availability may not be necessary for maintaining the initial antidepressant response to ECT.
Impact of hyperventilation on stimulus efficiency during the early phase of an electroconvulsive therapy course: A randomized double-blind study$$$ OBJECTIVE: The question whether hyperventilation during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can improve stimulus efficiency is as yet unanswered. METHODS: Twenty-five consecutive consenting patients (N = 25) with major depression who were administered ECT entered into the study. Right unilateral ECT at thrice the threshold dose was administered using Mecta spECTrum 5000Q (Mecta Corp, Lake Oswego, Ore), with standard titration procedures and stimulus configurations. At the second ECT session, they were randomly allocated to ECT either with hyperventilation or with no hyperventilation. Hyperventilation was actively administered by an anesthetist just after anesthetic paralysis and before the ECT stimulus during the second, third, and fourth ECT sessions. Assessments were double-blind and performed at baseline and 24 to 48 hours after the fourth ECT session. Time to reorient after ECT was assessed during the first up to the fourth ECT session. Ictal electroencephalogram (EEG) quality was visually assessed using standard scales. RESULTS: There were no significant differences across the 2 groups about depression severity and global cognitive impact. However, the orientation time was 34% longer among those who did not receive hyperventilation. The ratio of orientation time without hyperventilation to that with hyperventilation equals 1.34 (95% confidence interval, 0.94-1.92; P = 0.103). There was a significant increase in threshold over time across both groups (mean difference, 16.4; SE, 5.5; P = 0.006) with no significant main effect for the groups (P = 0.399). There were no significant group differences in the EEG quality. CONCLUSIONS: The addition of hyperventilation during the early phase of the ECT course shows a trend to lessen the impact on immediate orientation without impeding clinical response. This does not seem to be mediated by differential threshold changes or change to the ictal EEG quality.Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Combination of pharmacotherapy with electroconvulsive therapy in prevention of depressive relapse: A pilot controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVE: Relapse rates after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remain high with standard treatments. We aimed to test the efficacy of an early administered continuation pharmacotherapy (c-pharm early) strategy in prevention of post-ECT relapse. METHOD: A 20-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Patients aged 18 to 65 years diagnosed with Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders major depressive disorder, with or without psychotic features, with initial Montgomery-sberg Depression Rating Scale scores higher than 22, underwent 8 bilateral ECT sessions (2 per week). Randomization to c-pharm early, c-pharm late, and placebo groups in 2:2:1, respectively, was performed at the completion of the fourth ECT session. After randomization, subjects in the c-pharm early group were given sertraline at 150 mg/d. Subjects in the c-pharm late group were first given placebo, which was substituted with sertraline at 150 mg/d at the completion of the eight ECT. Relapse was defined as a Montgomery-åsberg Depression Rating Scale score of 16 or higher. RESULTS: Seventy-three percent of the patients responded to the given treatment. The relapse rates were 12.5% in the c-pharm early group, 28% in the c-pharm late group, and 67% in the placebo group (P = 0.09). The c-pharm early strategy resulted in significantly lower relapse rates and longer well time compared with the placebo (P = 0.04). When the trend with the initiation of the c-pharm intervention was investigated in the 3 groups with equally spaced trend weights, the time of initiation was found to have a significant effect on the probability of the remaining well (P = 0.03). CONCLUSIONS: Comparative efficacy of c-pharm early and late strategies in providing improved protection against post-ECT relapse of major depressive disorder needs to be further explored Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effects of electroconvulsive therapy and propofol on spatial memory and glutamatergic system in hippocampus of depressed rats$$$ OBJECTIVES: This animal study tested the spatial learning memory of "depressed" rats undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or ECT combined with propofol and aimed to reveal the glutamatergic mechanisms in the hippocampus. METHODS: Sixty Sprague-Dawley rats were randomly divided into 5 groups (n = 12 rats per group): control group, depression group, propofol group, ECT group, and propofol + ECT group. Rats were stressed repeatedly for 21 days to establish depression model. After the model was set up, rats of the propofol group were administrated with propofol (100 mg/kg). Rats of ECT group were administered ECT once on alternate days for 2 weeks. ECT + propofol group rats were given ECT after anesthesia with propofol (100 mg/kg). Spatial memory was assessed by Morris water maze. Glutamate content in hippocampus was measured by chromatometry. N-methyl d-aspartate (NMDA)-NR2B expression was detected by immunohistochemistry. RESULTS: After treatment, the behavior level of rats in ECT group and ECT + propofol group was higher than that in depression group, and there was no significance between ECT group and ECT + propofol group. The evasive latency of rats detected by Morris water maze got shorter and shorter from the first day to fourth day. The evasive latency in ECT group was longer than that in ECT + propofol group and depression group, and the evasive latency in ECT + propofol group was shorter than that in depression group. Glutamate contents in hippocampus of rats in depression group and propofol group were higher than those in other groups, and glutamate content in ECT group was lower than that in other groups. The content in ECT + propofol group was lower than that in depression group, but higher than that in ECT group. N-methyl d-aspartate-NR2B expression in hippocampus of rats in depression group was lower than that in control group, but the expressions in ECT group and ECT + propofol group were higher than that in control group, and the expression in ECT + propofol group was lower than that in ECT group. CONCLUSIONS: The glutamate content in hippocampus of depressed rats heightens, and the NMDA-NR2B expression down-regulated, which may cause "depression" symptoms and learning memory impairment. After ECT, the glutamate contents decreased, and NMDA-NR2B expression up-regulated, the depression symptoms improved, and the spatial memory worsened simultaneously. However, propofol inhibited the excessive decrease of glutamate and excessive up-regulation of NMDA-NR2B caused by ECT, and both the depression symptoms and the spatial memory of depressed rats improved. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The use of aripiprazole in the treatment of catatonia$$$ Introduction: Successful aripiprazole treatment of catatonia was reported in some recent case reports. Method: Review of the literature and three case reports. results: In the presented cases it was demonstrated that aripiprazole was effective in the treatment of catatonia in patients with schizophrenia, major depression or brief psychotic disorder. Conclusion: Besides benzodiazepines and electroconvulsive therapy, aripiprazole might be an alternative treatment for catatonia, however randomized controlled trials are required to prove the effectiveness of aripiprazole in patients with catatonia.
Relief of Chronic or Resistant Depression (Re-ChORD): A pragmatic, randomized, open-treatment trial of an integrative program intervention for chronic depression$$$ Background: Chronic depression is a particularly disabling mood disorder and treatment outcomes are poor with either psychotherapy or pharmacotherapy alone. There is growing evidence that an integrative treatment approach may be optimal. A novel multi-modal, multi-disciplinary treatment program, Re-ChORD, was developed at the University of British Columbia and evaluated in this pilot study. Methods: Re-ChORD consisted of guidelines-based medication management, and group-based interpersonal psychotherapy and occupational therapy. A randomized, parallel-groups, open-treatment trial was conducted comparing Re-ChORD to treatment as usual (TAU). Inclusion criteria were current depression (17-item Ham-D ≥ 15) and a diagnosis of a chronic depressive disorder. The primary outcome variable was clinical remission (17-item Ham-D ≤ 7) at 4 month assessment. Results: A total of 64 patients were randomised to Re-ChORD (N = 34) and TAU (N = 30). Under both intention to treat (ITT) and completer analyses, the remission rate was significantly higher in the Re-ChORD than TAU groups. Treatment effect size for remission was of medium magnitude (22.2% and 29.6% over TAU under ITT and completer analyses). Limitations: We did not collect sufficient follow-up data to investigate maintenance of gains. Re-ChORD shares elements with other combined treatments, and the present positive findings cannot be interpreted as being specific to the Re-ChORD program. Conclusions: Consistent with growing evidence that integrative treatments are necessary for chronic depressive disorders, Re-ChORD was demonstrated in this pilot study to produce significantly greater rates of remission than treatment as usual. A larger-scale trial is warranted. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Therapeutic efficacy and safety of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in depressions of the elderly: A review$$$ Introduction: During the past 15 years, therapeutic effects of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) have been studied in psychiatric diseases, particularly in the treatment of depressive disorders. There are more and more data suggesting its efficacy in the treatment of depression in older patients. Thus, the authors found it useful to conduct an up-to-date review of studies that examined the efficacy and safety of rTMS to treat depressive disorders in the aged. Method: After an exhaustive consultation of databases (Medline/PubMed and the Avery-George-Holtzheimer Database of rTMS Depression Studies), supplemented by a manual research, the authors retained studies evaluating the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS on depressive disorders in the aged. Results: Fifteen studies were retained. Four open studies using high frequency rTMS, applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), demonstrated a decrease in the mean Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores; however, only a quarter of the aged patients studied experienced a significant remission of depression. Five parallel arm double-blind versus placebo studies concluded in contradicting results: two studies confirmed a significantly greater efficacy of rTMS compared to placebo, whereas three studies did not; but the sham procedure (positioning coil at 90° from the scalp) was disputable in most studies. One study concluded in therapeutic efficacy by inhibiting the right DLPFC. Three controlled parallel arm studies compared rTMS and electroconvulsivo-therapy (ECT); one study concluded in greater efficacy of ECT at end of treatment, but the number of ECT treatments depended on the patients' response, whereas a 15-day course of rTMS was systematically administered; additionally HDRS scores were similar in two groups of patients (rTMS and ECT) at 6 months. Lastly, three studies focused on aged patients with cerebrovascular disease. They showed the efficacy of rTMS, although older age and smaller frontal gray mater volumes were associated with a poorer response to rTMS. Discussion: Thus, although some studies concluded contradicting results, literature data globally sustain an efficacy of rTMS for depression in the elderly. Several parameters might be associated with greater antidepressant efficacy (higher intensity pulses of rTMS of the left DLPFC; higher number of stimulations or higher number of rTMS sessions). Poorer responsiveness to rTMS may be related to several patients' factors including older age and smaller frontal gray matter volumes; lesions of the white matter pathways connecting the left DLPFC and the left anterior cingulate cortex might explain a poor response to rTMS. Literature data globally confirm that rTMS is safe and does not produce cognitive deficits, even among highly vulnerable patients with clinical evidence of cerebrovascular disease. Conclusion: Many questions remain concerning the optimal stimulation parameters, administration protocol, and privileged indications. Thus, the next rTMS studies should be carefully designed to clarify these questions. © 2009 L'Encéphale, Paris.
Adjunctive high-frequency right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was not effective in obsessive-compulsive disorder but improved secondary depression$$$ Background: There is preliminary evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be useful in obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) patients. Methods: Our objective was to examine efficacy of adjunctive right prefrontal high-frequency (rapid) rTMS treatment in OCD patients. 42 patients with OCD were randomly assigned to 10 sessions of add-on high-frequency right prefrontal active rTMS (10. Hz, 110% of motor threshold, 4. s per train, 20 trains per session) or sham stimulation. They were rated on Yale Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D), Hamilton Rating Scale for Anxiety (HAM-A) and Clinical Global Impression-Severity of Illness (CGI-S) at baseline, day 14 and day 28. The dose of antiobsessive drug was kept constant throughout the period of assessment. Results: For YBOCS scores, repeated measures ANOVA showed significant main effect of treatment, but no effect of treatment over time (Pillai's Trace F=1.39, p=262). However, significant effect of treatment over time as shown by interaction effect for both HAM-D (Pillai's Trace F=3.67, p=035, η2=158) and HAM-A scores (Pillai's Trace F=5.22, p=01, η2=211) were seen. Conclusion: Adjunctive high-frequency right prefrontal rTMS does not have any significant effect in the treatment of OCD. However, it is modestly effective in the treatment of comorbid depressive symptoms in patients with OCD. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
Non-pharmacological approach to neuropathic pain: The use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Neuromodulation is the branch of neurophysiology related to the therapeutic effects of electrical stimulations of the nervous system. There are currently different practical applications of neuromodulation techniques for the treatment of various neurological disorders, such as deep brain stimulation for Parkinson's disease and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depression. An increasing number of studies have been devoted to the analgesic effects of rTMS in chronic pain patients. RTMS has been used either as a therapeutic tool per se, or as a preoperative test in patients undergoing epidural precentral gyrus stimulation. High-frequency rTMS (≥5 Hz) is considered to be excitatory, while low-frequency stimulation (≥1 Hz) is considered to exert an inhibitory effect over neuronal populations of the primary motor cortex. However, other parameters of stimulation may play a central role on its clinical effects such as the type of coil, its orientation over the scalp, and the total number of rTMS sessions performed. Experimental data from animals, healthy volunteers, and neuropathic pain patients have suggested that stimulation of the primary motor cortex by rTMS is able to activate brain regions implicated in the processing of the different aspects of chronic pain, and influence brain regions involved in the endogenous opioid system. Over twenty prospective randomized sham-controlled trials have studied the analgesic effects of rTMS on chronic pain. Most of the patients included in these trials had central or peripheral neuropathic pain. Although most studies used a single session of stimulation, recent studies have shown that the analgesic effects of rTMS may outlast the stimulation period for many days when repetitive sessions are performed. This opens the possibility to use rTMS as a therapeutic tool of its own in the armamentarium against neuropathic pain. © 2010 Médecine et Hygiène et Springer-Verlag France.
Lithium: Still a cornerstone in the long-term treatment in bipolar disorder?$$$ Background: Scientific literature considers lithium a key treatment for the acute and long-term management of bipolar disorder (BD). Despite its worldwide clinical use, the effectiveness of lithium has been questioned. The aim of this work is to critically review the available data on randomized controlled trials (RCTs) concerning long-term lithium treatment. Methods: A systematic search for long-term treatment RCTs with at least 6 months of follow-up was performed. Six RCTs enrolling 1,561 bipolar I and II patients of adult and pediatric age, randomizing 534 to lithium, were identified. All studies are controlled trials sponsored by industry, investigating new treatments for BD, with lithium as an active comparator, and therefore not specifically designed to study lithium efficacy or safety. Results: Results from earliest studies suggest a high effectiveness of lithium against both mania and depression, while more recent studies highlight lithium as more effective than placebo in mania and hypomania, without significant evidence in depression. Lithium does not achieve significant differences in efficacy when compared with divalproex; it seems less effective than lamotrigine in preventing depression and less effective than olanzapine in manic and mixed episodes. Conclusions: Despite a number of methodological issues (enriched designs, unbalanced samples, potential inclusion of lithium nonresponders in some studies), lithium appears to have a clear antimanic prophylactic activity and some efficacy in the prevention of depression. Lithium should still have a major role in the long-term treatment of BD. © 2010 S. Karger AG.
The study protocol of the Norwegian randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression in bipolar disorder$$$ Introduction: The treatment of depressive phases of bipolar disorder is challenging. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is generally considered to be the most effective treatment even if there are no randomized controlled trials (RCT) of ECT in bipolar depression. The safety of ECT is well documented, but there are some controversies as to the cognitive side effects. Objectives: To compare the effects and side effects of ECT with pharmacological treatment in treatment resistant bipolar depression. Cognitive changes during the treatment will be measured, as well as quality of life. Method: A prospective, randomised controlled multi-centre trial. 6- week acute treatment trial with 7 clinical assessments. Follow up visit at 26 weeks or until remission (max 52 weeks). A neuropsychological test battery designed to be sensitive to changes in cognitive function will be used. Setting: Nine study centres across Norway, all acute psychiatric wards Sample: 132 patients aged 18 and over, who fulfil criteria for treatment resistant depression in bipolar disorder, MADRS score of at least 25 at baseline Intervention: Intervention group: 3 sessions per week for up to 6 weeks, total up to 18 sessions. Control group: algorithm-based pharmacological treatment as usual. Results: Six departments have included 43 patients since start in May 2008. Conclusion: This study is the first randomized controlled trial that aims to investigate whether ECT is better than pharmacological treatment as usual in treatment resistant bipolar depression. Possible long lasting cognitive side effects will be evaluated. The study is investigator initiated, without support from industry.
What can we learn about the placebo response in depression from recent multisite trials of brain stimulation techniques- Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) or vagus nerve stimulation (VNS)?$$$ Objective: Placebo response rates are important in clinical trials testing whether a new antidepressant treatment is effective. Placebo rates are a key factor in determining the sample size needed and whether a new treatment moves forward in development. Understanding the placebo, or sham, response rate has been especially important for testing the new non-pharmacological antidepressant brain stimulation therapies like transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) or vagus nerve stimulation (VNS). Some researchers had initially theorized that placebo rates with these techniques would be high, because these methods, unlike oral medications, require high technology interventions with frequent contact with treaters or programmers. Methods: In contrast to initial projections, placebo or sham response rates with VNS in the only double blind prospective study for depression were 10 %, with 15% response for active (not significant, n=210). (Rush et al., 2005) With TMS, a meta-analysis of the early clinical trials of TMS in depression found a sham response, across all studies, of approximately 9% (categorical), or a 4-6% continuous change in the Hamilton Score (HDRS), with an active response rate of only 20% categorical or 7-13% continuous. (Kozel and George, 2002, Burt et al., 2002) In a recent 4 week industry sponsored multisite trial (O'Reardon et al., 2007) the sham response rate (categorical, HDRS) was 12 %, with 21% response with active (n=301). Response rates were higher in a 2-week extension, (14% sham, 25% active). Categorical remission rates showed a higher active/sham difference. In a recently completed NIH-sponsored TMS trial (n=199) of 3-5 weeks, the sham HDRS remission rate was 5% (active remission rate 14%; p=0.02).(George et al., 2010) This trial incorporated a new 'active' sham technique that kept operators, patients and raters blind as to the patient's randomization status and repeatedly assessed the integrity of the blind. Conclusion: Paradoxically, the placebo or sham response rates to TMS or VNS in depression studies has been low, facilitating the ability to find active clinical differences in studies with relatively small sample sizes (2-300 subjects). This low placebo response rate has occurred despite the invasiveness of the technologies and the need for frequent (daily for TMS) patient contact. Contributing factors creating this low placebo response rate have been 1) the relatively high treatment resistance of the patients enrolled, 2) the newer focus on stable antidepressant remission (categorical), rather than merely transient response, or continuous change measures, 3) duration-adaptive designs that mimic clinical practice (Sackeim et al., 2006, Sneed et al., 2008), and 4) development of active sham methods that exactly mimic the brain stimulation method being studied. (Borckardt et al., 2008, Arana et al., 2008) Information learned about the placebo response rate with TMS or VNS may help in better designing clinical trials of oral medication antidepressants.
Fluvoxamine monotherapy for psychotic depression: The potential role of sigma-1 receptors$$$ Objective: Psychotic depression is a clinical subtype of major depressive disorder. A number of clinical studies have demonstrated the efficacy of the combination of an antidepressant (for example, a tricyclic antidepressant or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI)) and an atypical antipsychotic or electroconvulsive therapy in treating psychotic depression. In some cases, the clinician or patient may prefer to avoid antipsychotic drugs altogether because of the risk of extrapyramidal side effects (EPS) in patients with psychotic depression treated with these drugs. Interestingly, monotherapy using the SSRI fluvoxamine was effective against both the psychotic and depressive symptoms of this disorder, whereas paroxetine had a lesser effect. The reason underlying the difference in efficacy for these two SSRIs is currently unknown. Several pieces of evidence suggest that the endoplasmic reticulum protein sigma-1 receptors play a role in the pathophysiology of depression and in the active mechanisms of antidepressants. Based on all these findings, a hypothesis has been proposed that the sigma-1 receptors may be implicated in the efficacy of fluvoxamine for psychotic depression. In this study, we examined the effects of fluvoxamine in the five patients with psychotic depression. Methods: Five Japanese patients (54-72 year old) with psychotic major depression diagnosed by DSM-IV criteria were enrolled. Fluvoxamine (50-150 mg twice a day) was treated for psychotic depression. The scores on the Hamilton Depression scale (HAM-D) and the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) in the patients were measured. Results: The scores on the HAM-D and the BPRS in the five patients with psychotic depression were decreased after fluvoxamine monotherapy. Conclusion: The present study suggests fluvoxamine monotherapy as an alternative approach in treating psychotic depression because it avoids the risk of EPS from antipsychotic drugs. However, a further detailed double-blind, placebo-controlled study will be necessary.
Augmentative repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment in medication resistant major depression$$$ Objective: To investigate the outcome of responders completing the double-blind phase of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment in drug resistant depression. Methods: In a randomized, double-blind, sham controlled trial, 35 outpatients were randomly assigned to rTMS with an intensity of 80% or 110% of motor threshold at 20 Hz over the left dorso lateral prefrontal cortex, and sham rTMS for 6 weeks in addition to antidepressant medications. Other technical parameters were 20 trains, with a 28-second inter train interval, and 2 seconds of each train duration. Patients were assessed using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17), and Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at 6th week. Only responders and remitters were reassessed 1 month after the end of the double-blind phase. Results: At the end of the double-blind phase of the study, response rates for HAMD-17 were 83% (10/12) in 80% rTMS, 73% (8/ 11) in 110% rTMS, and 17% (2/12) in sham group (Χ2=12.8, p=0.002). Response rates for MADRS were 75% (9/12) in 80% rTMS, 73% (8/ 11) in 110% rTMS, and 17% (2/12) in sham group (Χ2=10.4, p=0.005). After 1 month, 80% (8/10) of responders in 80% rTMS, 63% (5/8) of responders in 110% rTMS, and 50% (1/2) of responders in sham were still responders for HAMD-17. For MADRS, 77% (7/9) of responders in 80% rTMS, 75% (6/8) of responders in 110% rTMS, and 50% (1/2) of responders in sham were still responders Conclusion: More research is needed to clarify the promising addon effects of rTMS in the long-term.
The effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS ) on major depression and neuroimaging changes after rTMS$$$ Objective: To observe the effects of slow and fast frequency rTMS on major depression, explore the possible mechanism of 1 Hz rTMS on by using multi-voxel 1H-MRS and resting functional MRI and testify the hypothesis of “frame-work” of rTMS on major depression. Methods: 60 MDD patients were randomly divided into group of 1 Hz or 10 Hz. After 2 and 4 weeks, the response rates were assessed by using HAMD. 12 MDD patients underwent 1H-MRS and functional MRI before and after 1 Hz treatment while 12 healthy volunteers group-matched for age, gender, handedness, education were enrolled as normal controls. Results: 1. No significant difference of response rates was showed between two groups at either 2 or 4 weeks (response rate 44.8% vs. 46.1% and 58.2% vs. 61.5% at end of 2 and 4 week, respectively). 2. Neurochemical changes were observed in the right basal ganglia of MDD patients comparing with controls, 1 Hz rTMS showed part normalization of those changes which were correlated with anti-anxiety effect of slow rTMS. 3. rTMS increased the value of Regional homogeneity (Reho) on prefrontal lobe, parietal lobe and cerebellum. Our observation is consistent with Honk's hypothesis of “frame-work” of rTMS. Furthermore, the change of Reho value is correlated with response of 1 Hz rTMS in MDD. Conclusion: There is no difference between the effect of the low and high rTMS on major depression after 2-4 weeks treatment. Neurochemical changes were found in right basal ganglia and resting fMRI changes after rTMS are inconsistent with Honk's hypothesis.
Continuation pharmacotherapy with sodium valproate following successful treatment of electroconvulsive therapy: A 24 week open-label study in depression$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective especially in severe depression, but early relapse is a major problem. The purpose of the present study is to examine effectiveness of sodium valproate (VPA) for continuation therapy after successful ECT in major depressive disorder. Methods: 12 patients with depression were recruited from Hokkaido University, Iwamizawa Municipal Hospital or Hakodate Watanabe Hospital. Inclusion criteria were (1) Major Depressive Disorder with DSM-IV criteria, (2) HAM-D (17-item scale)≥19.They were divided into two groups randomly before ECT: antidepressant with VPA following ECT group (VPA group N=6) or antidepressant following ECT group (AD group N=6). Results: 4 patients in the latter group were dropped out ECT course due to side effect of ECT or other reason.8 patients who complete ECT course were responder to ECT, which is defined as post ECT HAM-D score≤10 and were followed for 24weeks prospectively. Relapse was defined as HAM-D score≥19 or a change of antidepressant medication caused by clear worsening of depressive symptoms. 5 patients (VPA group N=4, AD group N=1) completed 24 weeks follow up, 2 patients (VPA group N=1, AD group N=1) had relapse within 24 weeks, and one patient (VPA group N=1, AD group N=0) was dropped out. A relapse rate within 24 weeks of VPA group was 16.6 %, which was lower than that of AD group (50.0 %). Conclusion: Continuation pharmacotherapy with VPA following successful treatment of ECT may prevent a relapse in Major Depressive Disorder. A larger, double blind randomized control study are needed to confirm this result.
Oculometry as indicator of treatment efficacy in MDD$$$ Introduction and Aim: Because patients with Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) often present a left DPLFC hypometabolism (Baxter et al., 1989), rTMS treatment targets the DPLFC to balance the interhemispheric asymmetries. To optimize the treatment, it is critical to better estimate the cerebral neuromodulation produced by rTMS. In the present study, oculometry has been used to evaluate rTMS and/or Venlafaxine treatment response in MDD patients, before inclusion and throughout the treatment. Method: Patients: Eight patients with MDD were included in this double-blind study. Patients had HDRS-17 score≤22 and presented resistance criteria characterized by at least 2 previous medication failures. Patients with HDRS-17 score decreased by 50% from the baseline were considered as responders, while remission was defined as a state in which the HDRS-17 score was less than 8 points. Oculometry: We used an antisaccade (AS) paradigm, where subjects had to inhibit a saccade toward a cue flashed in her/his visual hemifield and to look as fast as possible to the opposite side. This task is known to notably involve the DLPFC contralateral to the stimulus. We suggest that if left DLPFC is hypoactivated in MDD, we should observe a lateralized performance. Results: We measured saccadic reaction times (SRT) and errors (saccade toward the cue) in AS task and found that performances were lower in patients than control subjects. Psychiatric rating scales (MADRS, HDRS, BECK) scores were significantly correlated with performances in term of errors rates and SRT. Moreover, SRT and errors diminished with treatment, especially for responders, without difference between rTMS and Venlafaxine treatment. However, we did not observe systematic asymmetries before or throughout the treatment. Conclusion: Oculometry seems to be a useful tool to objectivize the effects of depression treatments and possibly predicts patient's response. Our results showed an improvement in AS performances (as in Crevits et al., 2005) but no systematic asymmetry. If these results are confirmed with larger sample size, we suggest that the presence or the absence of individual asymmetries would reflect different subtypes of MDD. Abbr.: DLPFC: dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, rTMS: repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation.
The ethics of randomized placebo controlled trials of antidepressants with pregnant women$$$ In recent years, a number of authors have advocated the merits of conducting randomised controlled trials (RCTs) of antidepressants in women with nervous disorders during the prenatal period. However, a critical review of the literature indicates RCTs are not justifiable. At a time when it has become clear that a significant proportion of the existing literature on the use of pharmaceutical agents is ghostwritten, ethicists and others making assertions that RCTs are needed risk becoming part of an apparatus that plays down the hazards of treatment and promotes the use of treatments that may be harmful. © 2010 - IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Depression$$$ Depression affects 5% to 10% of primary care patients (1) on average; however, this varies widely among clinical populations (2, 3). Only about half of depressed patients receive treatment (4). Untreated depression may prevent effective treatment of common co-occurring illnesses, such as diabetes (5). Depression causes disability similar to that of other chronic medical conditions (6, 7). Effective treatment reduces symptoms and improves quality of life (8). Asking about depression is sometimes viewed as "opening Pandora's box," but primary care clinicians can efficiently identify and manage most cases. © 2010 American College of Physicians.
The elderly safety imperative and antipsychotic usage$$$ Behavioral and psychotic symptoms are common problems in older adults, and as the population ages, understanding the benefits and risks of antipsychotic usage is increasingly important. In this age group, psychotic symptoms may occur in patients with dementia or as part of schizophrenia, mood disorders, delirium, or delusional disorder. Various antipsychotics have been studied in older adults with psychotic symptoms, demonstrating mixed, but real, benefit, especially in relation to carefully selected patients. Caution is required because of the potential side effects and risks, which include increased mortality and cardiovascular and cerebrovascular events. This article reviews the use of antipsychotics in older adults, with emphasis on the risks and side effects, particularly in dementia patients with behavioral and psychotic symptoms. © 2010 President and Fellows of Harvard College.
Daily left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation therapy for major depressive disorder: A sham-controlled randomized trial$$$ Context: Daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been studied as a potential treatment for depression, but previous work had mixed outcomes and did not adequately mask sham conditions. Objective: To test whether daily left prefrontal rTMS safely and effectively treats major depressive disorder. Design: Prospective, multisite, randomized, active shamcontrolled (1:1 randomization), duration-adaptive design with 3 weeks of daily weekday treatment (fixeddose phase) followed by continued blinded treatment for up to another 3 weeks in improvers. Setting: Four US university hospital clinics. Patients: Approximately 860 outpatients were screened, yielding 199 antidepressant drug-free patients with unipolar nonpsychotic major depressive disorder. Intervention: We delivered rTMS to the left prefrontal cortex at 120% motor threshold (10 Hz, 4-second train duration, and 26-second intertrain interval) for 37.5 minutes (3000 pulses per session) using a figure-eight solidcore coil. Sham rTMS used a similar coil with a metal insert blocking the magnetic field and scalp electrodes that delivered matched somatosensory sensations. Main Outcome Measure: In the intention-to-treat sample (n=190), remission rates were compared for the 2 treatment arms using logistic regression and controlling for site, treatment resistance, age, and duration of the current depressive episode. Results: Patients, treaters, and raters were effectively masked. Minimal adverse effects did not differ by treatment arm, with an 88% retention rate (90% sham and 86% active). Primary efficacy analysis revealed a significant effect of treatment on the proportion of remitters (14.1% active rTMS and 5.1% sham) (P=.02). The odds of attaining remission were 4.2 times greater with active rTMS than with sham (95% confidence interval, 1.32-13.24). The number needed to treat was 12. Most remitters had low antidepressant treatment resistance. Almost 30% of patients remitted in the open-label follow-up (30.2% originally active and 29.6% sham). Conclusion: Daily left prefrontal rTMS as monotherapy produced statistically significant and clinically meaningful antidepressant therapeutic effects greater than sham. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00149838. ©2010 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on cognition and mood in stroke patients: a double-blind, sham-controlled trial.$$$ OBJECTIVE: This study examined whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) affected cognition or mood in poststroke patients. DESIGN: The study was a single-center, prospective, double-blind, sham-controlled preliminary study. Eighteen patients (10 males and 8 females; average age, 62.9 yrs) were enrolled. All participants were randomly assigned to one of three treatment groups: low-frequency (1 Hz) stimulation, high-frequency (10 Hz) stimulation, and sham stimulation (control). Each patient underwent 10 consecutive treatment sessions (five times per week for 2 wks). A Computerized Neuropsychological Test was used to evaluate cognitive function, the Tower of London test was used to assess executive function, the Modified Barthel Index score was used to assess activity of daily living function, and the Beck Depression Inventory was used to assess mood status. These evaluations were conducted in all patients before and after treatment. RESULTS: Treatment had no significant effect on any cognitive function parameter, including the Tower of London scores, in any of the three groups. In contrast, high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation resulted in significantly lower Beck Depression Inventory scores compared with baseline and compared with the other two groups. The Modified Barthel Index scores significantly increased in all three groups. CONCLUSIONS: These preliminary data suggest that there was a positive effect on mood, but the study was not powered to detect any measurable effect on cognition.
Pharmacological management of pain in older persons$$$ Objective: Evaluate the efficacy and safety of pharmacological pain management treatments to minimize adverse events and optimize pain relief. Data Sources: Symposium presentation based on clinical practice and research and current clinical guidelines. Conclusions: Pain is a common problem among elderly long-term care residents and is vastly undertreated. Even when pain medication is prescribed, often residents do not receive the most appropriate drug, or prescribers fail to adjust the dose and frequency of administration to tailor therapy to the individual's compromised physiology and needs. This places elders at risk, for not only unnecessary suffering, but also for drug toxicity. Consultant pharmacists are in a key position to identify underuse and inappropriate use of analgesic drugs and assist prescribers with individualizing each resident's medication regimen to provide optimal therapeutic outcomes. © 2010 American Society of Consultant Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved.
Tanezumab: Anti-NGF monoclonal antibody treatment of pain treatment of osteoarthritis$$$ Current therapies for the treatment of pain and inflammation in diseases such as osteoarthritis largely rely upon the use of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in combination with opiates such as morphine sulfate. These drugs, however, are ineffective in a large percentage of patients or cause complicated side effects such as gastrointestinal ulceration and respiratory depression. The development of safer, more effective treatments is therefore the goal of much pharmaceutical research. Nerve growth factor (NGF) is a key mediator in the genesis of hypersensitivity and allodynia in states of pain and inflammation and the prevention of the NGF/receptor interaction has been shown to improve pain in a number of preclinical animal models. Pfizer has developed a humanized anti-NGF monoclonal antibody, tanezumab, as a therapy for safe and effective pain relief. Tanezumab works by sequestering NGF, thereby preventing NGF from interacting with its receptors on sensory neurons, which acts to alleviate painful symptoms. Tanezumab has successfully entered human clinical trials and a number of phase II/III trials are ongoing to investigate the safety and efficacy of tanezumab in treating pain related to osteoarthritis, chronic lower back pain and other disease-related chronic pain states for which no wholly effective therapy exists. Copyright © 2010 Prous Science, S A U. or its licensors. All rights reserved.
Effects of Anodal Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation on Chronic Neuropathic Pain in Patients With Multiple Sclerosis$$$ Neuropathic pain in patients with MS is frequent and is associated with a great interference with daily life activities. In the present study, we investigated whether anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) may be effective in reducing central chronic pain in MS patients. Patients received sham tDCS or real tDCS in a 5-day period of treatment in a randomized, double blind, sham-controlled study. Pain was measured using visual analog scale (VAS) for pain and the short form McGill questionnaire (SF-MPQ). Quality of life was measured using the Multiple Sclerosis Quality of Life-54 scale (MSQoL-54). Depressive symptoms and anxiety were also evaluated as confounding factors using the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and VAS for anxiety. Evaluations were performed at baseline, immediately after the end of treatment, and once a week during a 3-week follow-up period. Following anodal but not sham tDCS over the motor cortex, there was a significant pain improvement as assessed by VAS for pain and McGill questionnaire, and of overall quality of life. No depression or anxiety changes were observed. Our results show that anodal tDCS is able to reduce pain-scale scores in MS patients with central chronic pain and that this effect outlasts the period of stimulation, leading to long-lasting clinical effects. Perspective: This article presents a new, noninvasive therapeutic approach to chronic, central neuropathic pain in multiple sclerosis, poorly responsive to current conventional medications. tDCS is known to cause long-lasting changes of neuronal excitability at the site of stimulation and in the connected areas in healthy subjects. This led us to hypothesize that pain decrease may be the result of functional plastic changes in brain structures involved in the pathogenesis of chronic neuropathic pain. © 2010 American Pain Society.
Management of behavioral problems in Alzheimer's disease$$$ Alzheimer's disease (AD) is a complex progressive brain degenerative disorder that has effects on multiple cerebral systems. In addition to cognitive and functional decline, diverse behavioral changes manifest with increasing severity over time, presenting significant management challenges for caregivers and health care professionals. Almost all patients with AD are affected by neuropsychiatric symptoms at some point during their illness; in some cases, symptoms occur prior to diagnosis of the dementia syndrome. Further, behavioral factors have been identified, which may have their origins in particular neurobiological processes, and respond to particular management strategies. Improved clarification of causes, triggers, and presentation of neuropsychiatric symptoms will guide both research and clinical decision-making. Measurement of neuropsychiatric symptoms in AD is most commonly by means of the Neuropsychiatric Inventory; its utility and future development are discussed, as are the limitations and difficulties encountered when quantifying behavioral responses in clinical trials. Evidence from clinical trials of both non-pharmacological and pharmacological treatments, and from neurobiological studies, provides a range of management options that can be tailored to individual needs. We suggest that non-pharmacological interventions (including psychosocial/psychological counseling, interpersonal management and environmental management) should be attempted first, followed by the least harmful medication for the shortest time possible. Pharmacological treatment options, such as antipsychotics, antidepressants, anticonvulsants, cholinesterase inhibitors and memantine, need careful consideration of the benefits and limitations of each drug class. © 2010 International Psychogeriatric Association.
Quality assessment and comparison of evidence for electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for schizophrenia: A systematic meta-review$$$ Background: Randomized studies directly comparing the effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for depression generally favour ECT. ECT and rTMS have also been investigated for chronic symptoms of schizophrenia although there are no direct comparisons available. Aims: We sought to determine the relative benefits and adverse outcomes of ECT and rTMS by comparing effect sizes reported in systematic reviews and to quality assess this evidence using GRADE and QUOROM guidelines. Method: Included are systematic reviews with meta-analysis published since 2000, reporting results for people with a diagnosis of schizophrenia, schizoaffective disorder, schizophreniform disorder or first episode schizophrenia. Medline, Embase, CINAHL, Current Contents, PsycINFO and the Cochrane library were searched and hand searching was conducted. Data extraction and quality assessment were completed by two independent reviewers. Results: Fifty-three of 58 reviews were excluded as they did not meet inclusion criteria. The remaining five have a low probability of reporting bias and show that high quality evidence suggests a short-term, medium to large treatment effect of rTMS for auditory hallucinations (d=0.88) but not other symptoms, for people treated with concurrent antipsychotics. For ECT, high quality evidence suggests a short-term small, significant effect for improvement in global symptoms, for people with or without concurrent antipsychotics (RR=0.76). There is no evidence for longer-term therapeutic or adverse effects of either treatment. Conclusions: It is worthwhile considering rTMS in cases where auditory hallucinations have not responded to antipsychotic medications and ECT where overall symptoms have not responded to antipsychotic medications. © 2010 Elsevier B.V.
Unilateral low frequency versus sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: Is simpler better for treatment of resistant depression?$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) efficacy in the treatment of major depression has been shown in both low frequency right-sided and high frequency left-sided stimulation over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). The aim of the present investigation was to evaluate the hypothesis of an additive effect of bilateral stimulation compare to sequential to unilateral stimulation. Sixty patients with treatment-resistant depression were assigned to receive either low-frequency rTMS over the right DLPFC (140 s×1 Hz) followed by controlateral sham (unilateral group, n=20), low frequency right DLPFC rTMS followed by left DLPFC high frequency rTMS (5 s×10 Hz) (bilateral group, n=20), or bilateral sham (sham group, n=20) in a 3 weeks double-blind, randomized trial. The primary outcome variable was the score on Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D). Low frequency right-sided and sequential bilateral stimulation showed different antidepressant efficacy at 3 weeks and across the full duration of the study, only the unilateral method appearing significantly more effective than sham at the end of the trial, and correlated to the higher percent of remitters (30% of the group vs. 10% -bilateral- and 5% -sham). Unilateral stimulation, but not bilateral, showed higher antidepressant efficacy compared to sham stimulation. The data suggest that right-sided low frequency stimulation may be a first line treatment alternative in resistant depression. To confirm and extend these findings further studies require a longer follow-up period, supported by biological observation and replication. © 2010 IBRO.
Acute and long-term treatment for bipolar depression$$$ Bipolar depression is linked with substantial burden and a high suicide risk, making a rapid and highly efficacious treatment mandatory. However, similar to mania, aspects of long-term treatment should already be considered at treatment initiation. With comparable efficacy, drugs with a beneficial safety and tolerability profile should be preferred. Additional psychotherapy can also noticeably improve both short- and long-term outcome of bipolar depression. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) still has its place in severe, treatment-resistant bipolar depression. Whereas ECT is a domain of specialised centres, correct diagnosis and both pharmacological and psychotherapeutic treatment initiation are essential tasks of primary care practitioners and secondary care psychiatrists. © 2010 Springer-Verlag.
Daily left prefrontal TMS for major depression: A sham-controlled multi-site randomized trial (NIH optimization of TMS for depression study, OPT-TMS)$$$ Background: Daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been studied as a potential treatment for depression, but prior work had mixed outcomes and failed to mask sham conditions adequately. Methods: Medication-resistant patients with unipolar, non-psychotic, major depressive disorder who were currently antidepressant-free were randomized to receive either active or sham rTMS in a multi-site, duration-adaptive design-with 3 weeks of daily weekday treatment followed by continued blinded treatment for up to another 3 weeks in improvers. rTMS was delivered to the left prefrontal cortex at 120% motor threshold, 10 Hz, 4 s train duration, for 37.5 min with a figureeight solid core coil. Sham rTMS used a similar coil with a metal insert, blocking the magnetic field, and scalp electrodes that delivered matched somatosensory sensations. In the intent-to-treat sample (n=190) remission rates were compared for the two treatment arms using logistic regression and controlling for site, treatment resistance, age and duration of current depressive episode. Results: Patients, treaters, and raters were effectively masked. The primary efficacy analysis revealed a significant effect of treatment (p=0.015) on the proportion of remitters (14% active rTMS, 5% sham). The odds for attaining remission were 4.2 times greater with active rTMS than sham (95% confidence interval, 1.3-13.2). The number needed to treat was 12. Most remitters had low antidepressant treatment resistance. 29.9% of patients remitted in an openlabel follow-up phase with active rTMS. Conclusions: Daily left prefrontal rTMS as monotherapy produced clinically meaningful antidepressant effects greater than sham.
Randomized trial of unilateral and bilateral prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment resistant major depression$$$ Background: While several studies have reported that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment (rTMS) has demonstrable efficacy in patients with depression, the parameters needed to optimize therapeutic efficacy remain unclear. To this end we compared the efficacy of low frequency right rTMS to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) compared to two forms of bilateral rTMS to the DLPFC: (1) sequential low frequency right followed by high-frequency left sided rTMS and (2) sequential low frequency rTMS to both hemispheres. Methods: 219 patients with treatment resistant depression were randomised to a four week course of rTMS applied with one of the three treatment conditions. Outcomes were assessed with standard rating scales. Results: Overall slightly greater than 50% of the patients achieved clinical response criteria. There was no substantial difference in response between the unilateral and bilateral treatment groups. Successful response to rTMS was predicted by a greater degree of baseline depression severity. Conclusions: There is no substantial difference in efficacy between unilateral right sided rTMS and the two forms of bilateral rTMS assessed in the study. Further, our results call into question the specificity between frequency and laterality and rTMS response.
Preliminary result of the maintenance phase of an open pilot trial on rTMS treatment of bipolar depression$$$ Background: Few studies are published on the efficacy of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) for the treatment of bipolar depression (BD). Our pilot trial using 20Hz rTMS on the left dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) in medication-resistant (failed >2 medications) BD is positive. An add-on study was conducted hypothesizing maintenance rTMS is feasible and safe. Methods: Eight adult subjects who reached remission (HAMD21<9) in the acute treatment trial volunteered for maintenance treatments of 20Hz rTMS on the LDLPFC weekly for 4 times and then biweekly for one year with routine medications. If relapsed (HAMD>18), subjects would accept daily boost treatments for 1-2 weeks until remitted and then returned to maintenance. Failure to remit or relapsing >2 times led to dropout. Outcomes were assessed by standard psychological scales. Results: 1.) No severe adverse events (e.g., seizure or treatment induced mania) occurred. Two cases of mild tolerable headache with continued rTMS and one case of fainting likely relating to fasting. 2.) Five subjects relapsed and four of them reached remission again via boost treatments. One completed 1 year of maintenance. One currently continues maintenance beyond 36 weeks. Six subjects dropped: two relapsed >2 times, two due to physical diseases, one for relocation, and one for unknown reasons. Conclusions: The preliminary results show that one year extended rTMS maintenance treatment plus medication seems reasonably safe. Individualized maintenance protocol is suggested as some subjects demanded more frequent rTMS. Due to the sample size, placebo effect, and potential bias, further randomized sham-controlled studies are warranted.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for fibromyalgia$$$ Background: Fibromyalgia (FM) is a generalized chronic pain syndrome of unknown etiology, but involves central sensitization. Depression is a common co-morbidity in FM. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) modulates neural activity with antidepressant and anti-nociceptive effects. We hypothesized there will be a reduction in pain, depression and improved quality of life with 10 day course of TMS. Methods: In this 2-week, randomized, double blind trial, subjects with FM received rTMS or sham stimulation for 10 sessions left dorsal lateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Active stimulation parameters were 10 Hz at 120% of motor threshold. Subjects receive 4000 pulses per session and 40,000 pulses total. Patient FM status was measured at baseline, at the end of each week of treatment (2 weeks), and 2 weeks after treatment by a continuous rater. Pain, depression, and quality of life indices were included. Hierarchical linear modeling was used for time series data including daily pain. Results: Interim analyses suggest a 45% reduction in average daily pain in subjects receiving treatment by day 6 and 80% by day 10. This effect on average was maintained 10 days after the last treatment. There was a nonsignificant decrease in depression over the treatment course. Conclusions: Interim results support rTMS may significantly reduce fibromyalgia pain before any antidepressant effects are observed. Future work may determine if rTMS may be an effective treatment for fibromyalgia given current limited treatment options.
Efficacy of magnetic seizure therapy in depression$$$ Background: Depression is a chronic and life-threatening disorder affecting up to 20% of the population. While most patients respond to combinations of drug therapy and psychotherapy, there are patients needing other therapeutic options. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly effective in treatmentresistant depressive disorders (TRD), but cognitive side effects and relapse are frequent. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a new and more focal form of convulsive therapy that targets seizure induction in prefrontal cortex and relatively spares medial temporal structures. In this study, we present a sample of patients suffering from TRD. The severity of depression, rates of response and cognitive side effects were analysed. Methods: 20 patients suffering from TRD were enrolled in a randomized, controlled parallel-design study, containing 12 treatments of MST (ten patients) or ECT (ten patients), respectively. Patients were treated with MST with following stimulation parameters: frequency 100 Hz, pulses 100 to 800, amplitude 100%, duration of stimulation 1 to 8 s. Hamilton Rating Scale of Depression (HRSD28) and Montgomery & Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) were assessed pre and after the end of the 12 treatments MST and ECT, respectively. Results: Antidepressant effects of MST were compared to ECT (see figure). Significant improvement of MADRS and HRDS28scores (p<0.001), and there were no significant difference between MST and ECT in the amelioration of depressive symptoms (ANOVA, F(1;18)=1.7, n.s.). As opposed to ECT, we measured no cognitive side effects after MST treatment Conclusions: We demonstrate antidepressant effects of MST in patients suffering from TRD, with the luck of missing cognitive side effects in contrast to ECT. Graph Presented.
Differences in the antidepressant effect of right and left repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation assessed item by item with Hamilton depression rating scale$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been broadly used as an antidepressant for unipolar depression; nevertheless, it has not been fully studied for bipolar depression. Besides, few investigations compare the effect of stimulating over the right or left prefrontal cortex (PFC). Objective: The aim was to compare the effect of rTMS applied over the right or left PFC of subjects with bipolar disorder (BD) using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). Methods: We recruited 12 patients with BD. They were randomized to receive rTMS over the right (1Hz) or left (5Hz) PFC. They all received one daily session, until complete at 15. Changes in every item of HDRS were compared between the two stimulation groups. Results: There are no differences in the antidepressant effect of the stimulation over both, right, or left PFC when comparing final total scores with baseline. Comparison by items between groups showed that right stimulation induced a significant decrease respect to the baseline in the items: depressive mood, insomnia early, anxiety (psychological), and despersonalization and desrealization. Left stimulation induced a significant decrease respect to the baseline in the items: depressive mood, suicide, insomnia early, and work and activities. Conclusions: Our results show that rTMS is an effective antidepressant for BD. This data suggest that the stimulating over the right or left PFC may have differential effects over certain clinical features. Further investigation with a bigger sample is needed to strength the relevance of selecting the laterality of stimulation for patients with different clinical features.
Morphine alleviates laboratory dyspnea and diminishes hypercapnic ventilatory response$$$ Systemic opioids are commonly used in palliation of refractory dyspnea, yet this is not a labelled indication for opioids. Respiratory depression is perceived as a major risk of systemic opioids, but conflicting data exist on the risk/benefit ratio, in part due to inadequate measurement of both dyspnea and respiratory depression in clinical studies. We evaluated the effect of intravenous morphine on both dyspnea and ventilatory response under controlled laboratory conditions. Methods: 6 healthy volunteers received 0.07mg/kg morphine sulphate and saline placebo on separate days (order randomised, double blinded). Before and for 2 hours following administration we alternately measured the response of both respiratory discomfort and ventilatory responses to a CO2 stimulus: (i) Respiratory Discomfort was measured with a Visual Analog Scale ranging from comfortable to intolerable (RDVAS). Discomfort was induced by increasing PPETCO2 while restricting ventilation. Subjects described the discomfort as 'air hunger, not getting enough air'. (ii) ventilatory response to CO2 (HCVR) was measured in a separate trial during unrestricted breathing. Results: Before morphine all subjects tolerated an elevated PETCO 2 of 50-55 mmHg with ventilation restricted; mean RDVAS was 56% of full scale (±7 SE). At the same PETCO2 after morphine RDVAS was halved; mean 29 % full scale (±5 SE, p<0.05, paired t). Morphine was also associated with a significantly lower ventilatory response to the equivalent level of PPETCO2, (mean VE=23 ±3 l/min compared to 30 ±4 l/min before morphine ; p<0.05). These perceptual and ventilatory effects were sustained for at least 2 hours after morphine. No systematic change in RDVAS or HCVR was seen following saline placebo. To assess if respiratory depression could account for reduced dyspnea, RDVAS was compared at PPETCO2 levels that induced equivalent VE with and without morphine; mean dyspnea scores were not different (52±6 vs 54±7 % full scale). Conclusion: A clinically moderate dose of morphine results in substantial and sustained relief of laboratory dyspnea and is associated with measurable decrease in the ventilatory response to hypercapnea.
Major depressive disorder treatment guidelines in Japan.$$$ Japanese treatment guidelines, consensus guidelines, and treatment algorithms for managing patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) have been developed and/or updated in the past decade. The treatment guidelines, which are evidence-based, are the most detailed of the 3 types of guidance; they describe how to establish a treatment plan, treatment methods, and special problems such as intractable depression and suicide. The Japanese consensus guidelines were compiled from the results of a survey about treatment choices in MDD that was sent to members of the Japanese Society of Psychiatry and Neurology. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors were the most common first-line treatments, followed by tricyclic antidepressants and tetracyclic antidepressants. The consensus guidelines are not evidence-based but are practical and easy to use. The Japanese treatment algorithm for MDD is a flowchart created in conjunction with the International Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project. The flowchart shows steps in treatment both for patients who respond to initial treatment and for those who need several trials of treatment. These 3 forms of guidance for managing patients with MDD in Japan are reviewed.
Pharmacologic approaches to treatment resistant depression: A re-examination for the modern era$$$ Importance of the field: Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is common and debilitating. Initial treatment is often insufficient to achieve full remission in a given depressive episode, resulting in more frequent episodes, worsened severity, and major disability. Areas covered in this review: This review surveys literature on the diagnosis and pharmacological management of TRD in light of recent developments. Evidence regarding commonly used treatment options is critically examined and key recommendations are offered. The review ends by considering drugs acting on the melatonin, acetylcholine, and glutamate systems that hold promise as future options for TRD. What the reader will gain: Recent trends and research findings have impacted how the evidence supporting different approaches to TRD should be evaluated. For example, many earlier TRD studies employed tricyclics as the primary antidepressant, but tricyclics have now been superseded by selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in routine clinical practice. This deficiency has been addressed by the Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression (STAR*D) study, the largest effectiveness study of TRD ever conducted. However, design characteristics of the STAR*D study preclude simple comparisons with earlier studies. Take home message: A shortcoming of most treatment recommendations for TRD is their reliance on older studies that do not reflect the current preeminence of SSRIs in clinical practice. This has distorted the prioritization of pharmacological strategies for TRD. Efforts to correct this distortion with effectiveness research, designed to better reflect current practice trends, require critical consideration of the strengths and limitations of this approach. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Possibility of a pharmacogenetic approach for prediction and personalized medication in major depressive disorder treatment$$$ The introduction of antidepressant drugs has revolutionized the treatment of mood disorders. However, even though sufficient doses of ADs have been used to treat depressive symptoms for sufficient periods, the treatment efficacy is considerably incomplete. The genetically determined investigation of pharmacological responses would be helpful to evaluate the best therapeutic tool for each depressed patient. However, the growing body of research in this field and heterogeneity across those studies could make it difficult for these candidates to be translated into treatment recommendations. Among other issues, the variety of ethnicity and therapeutic agents could play an important role as a confounder in pharmacogenetic results. To contribute to personalized medication for depression we should clarify the complicated, effect of these confounders. My colleagues and I reviewed the difference in genetic influence on antidepressant response between Asians and Caucasians based on a meta-analysis of pharmacogenetic studies. My colleagues and I also performed a randomized clinical trial (RCT) in Japanese subjects, "fluvoxamine vs paroxetine vs milnacipran," stratified by interesting genetic factors. The results showed that a pharmacogenetic approach could contribute, at least partially, to predict antidepressant response and personalized medication in depression with consideration of possible confounders.
Transcranial magnetic and direct current stimulation in the therapy of pain$$$ Neuroplasticity is the ability of the central nervous system to induce functional and microstructural changes in order to adapt to a new environment. However, so-called maladaptive neuroplasticity can also bring disadvantages, such as reduced inhibition of input signals, one of the suspected causes of chronic pain. With the method of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) a technique has been developed that makes it possible to study cortical excitability changes in the human brain non-invasively over a long time. Electrophysiological studies have shown that the application of rTMS over the primary motor cortex induces a facilitatory or inhibitory effect on the corticospinal and cortico-cortical excitability depending on the protocol used. The results of the clinical studies published suggest that rTMS can inhibit pain perception with regard to chronic pain and in experimentally induced pain conditions. An alternative method to induce neuroplastic changes is transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS). tDCS acts primarily on the membrane potential, by hyper-or depolarizing it. The induced after-effects are NMDA receptor dependent. The effectiveness of tDCS is currently being explored in migraine research as well as experimentally induced and chronic pain conditions. In phase II trials its efficacy has been demonstrated. Ongoing studies are focusing on management of the placebo effect; however, it is easier to control this effect in tDCS compared to rTMS. Phase III trials are currently in preparation. © Deutsche Gesellschaft zum Studium des Schmerzes. Published by Springer Medizin Verlag-all rights reserved 2010.
A web-based clinical trial management system for a sham-controlled multicenter clinical trial in depression$$$ Background Clinical trial investigators and sponsors invest vast amounts of resources and energy into conducting trials and often face daily challenges with data management, project management, and data quality control. Rather than waiting months for study progress reports, investigators need the ability to use real-time data for the coordination and management of study activities across all study team members including site investigators, oversight committees, data and safety monitoring boards, and medical safety monitors. Web-based data management systems are beginning to meet this need but what distinguishes one system from the other are user needs/requirements and cost. Purpose To illustrate the development and implementation of a web-based data and project management system for a multicenter clinical trial designed to test the superiority of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation versus sham for the treatment of patients with major depression. Methods The authors discuss the reasons for not using a commercially available system for this study and describe the approach to developing their own web-based system for the OPT-TMS study. Timelines, effort, system architecture, and lessons learned are shared with the hope that this information will direct clinical trial researchers and software developers towards more efficient, user-friendly systems. Results The developers use a combination of generic and custom application code to allow for the flexibility to adapt the system to the needs of the study. Features of the system include: central participant registration and randomization; secure data entry at the site; participant progress/study calendar; safety data reporting; device accounting; monitor verification; and user-configurable generic reports and built-in customized reports. Limitations Hard coding was more time-efficient to address project-specific issues compared with the effort of creating a generic code application. As a consequence of this strategy, the required maintenance of the system is increased and the value of using this system for other trials is reduced. Conclusion Web-based central computerized systems offer time-saving, secure options for managing clinical trial data. The choice of a commercially available system or an internally developed system is determined by the requirements of the study and users. Pros and cons to both approaches were discussed. If the intention is to use the system for various trials (single and multi-center, phases I-III) across various therapeutic areas, then the overall design should be a generic structure that simplifies the general application with minimal loss of functionality. © 2010 The Author(s).
Randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: cognitive side-effects$$$ Objective: The cognitive side-effects of bifrontal (BF) and right unilateral (UL) ultra-brief pulse (0.3 ms) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were compared, in the treatment of patients with a depressive episode. Method: Neuropsychological functioning in patients with a medication refractory depressive episode, that were treated with a course of BF ultra-brief ECT at 1.5 times seizure threshold (ST) or UL ultra-brief ECT at 6 times ST, by random assignment, was assessed before treatment, and 1 and 6 weeks after the treatment course, by a blinded rater. Results: Of the 64 patients that were included, 32 (50%) received BF ECT, and 32 (50%) received UL ECT, by random assignment. Neuropsychological testing 1 and 6 weeks after treatment was performed by 30 (93.75%) and 19 (59.37%) patients, respectively, in the BF-group and 29 (90.62%) and 20 (62.50%), respectively, in the UL-group. There was no deterioration in any of the neuropsychological measures. Patients rated their memory as clearly improved after treatment. There were no significant differences between the patients given BF ECT and those given UL ECT. Conclusions: Ultrabrief pulse ECT, used either in combination with a UL electrode position and a stimulus of 6 times ST, or a BF electrode position with a stimulus of 1.5 times ST, are effective antidepressant techniques, that do not have a deleterious effect on cognitive function. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on psychomotor symptoms in major depression$$$ Psychomotor symptoms related to an impairment of the nigrostriatal dopaminergic system are frequent in major depression (MD). Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been discussed as a new treatment option for MD. In neurobiological terms, an influence of high-frequency rTMS on dopaminergic neurotransmission has previously been shown by several studies in animals and humans. Therefore, an improvement of psychomotor symptoms by rTMS could be assumed. The aim of this pilot study was to investigate the effect of high-frequency rTMS on psychomotor retardation and agitation in depressive patients. We investigated the effect of left prefrontal 10 Hz rTMS on psychomotor retardation and agitation in 30 patients with MD. Patients were randomly assigned to real or sham rTMS in addition to a newly initiated standardized antidepressant medication. We found a trend in the reduction of agitation (t 28 = 1.76, p = 0.09, two-tailed), but not in the reduction of retardation. Furthermore, no general additional antidepressant effect of rTMS was observed. Although there was no statistical significant influence of high-frequency rTMS on psychomotor symptoms in depressive patients, the results showed a trend in the reduction of psychomotor agitation in MD. This effect should be systematically investigated as the primary end point in further studies with larger sample sizes. © 2009 Springer-Verlag.
Physiology of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the human brain$$$ During the last two decades, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has rapidly become a valuable method to investigate noninvasively the human brain. In addition, repetitive TMS (rTMS) is able to induce changes in brain activity that last after stimulation. Therefore, rTMS has therapeutic potential in patients with neurologic and psychiatric disorders. It is, however, unclear by which mechanism rTMS induces these lasting effects on the brain. The effects of rTMS are often described as LTD- or LTP-like, because the duration of these alterations seems to implicate changes in synaptic plasticity. In this review we therefore discuss, based on rTMS experiments and knowledge about synaptic plasticity, whether the physiologic basis of rTMS-effects relates to changes in synaptic plasticity. We present seven lines of evidence that strongly suggest a link between the aftereffects induced by rTMS and the induction of synaptic plasticity. It is, nevertheless, important to realize that at present it is impossible to demonstrate a direct link between rTMS on the one hand and synaptic plasticity on the other. Therefore, we provide suggestions for future, innovating research, aiming to investigate both the local effects of rTMS on the synapse and the effects of rTMS on other, more global levels of brain organization. Only in that way can the aftereffects of rTMS on the brain be completely understood. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Six-month TMS treatments in elderly resistant depressed patients$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment (rTMS) in elderly depressed subjects (>60 years) should be assessed in view of the absence of severe side effects. But most of the results in the literature were negative probably due to too short a duration of TMS treatment in this particular population. In this article, the authors report the results of an open study over a 6-month period: 1 month of curative treatment followed by an average of 5 months of maintenance sessions. Twelve refractory elderly depressed patients were included (five men and seven women, nine unipolar and three bipolar according to the DMS-IV criteria), aged between 60 and 78 years (70 ± 6.24) and no responders to at least two different antidepressants over 6 weeks. The average duration of depressive disease was 10.88 years (10.13) with an average of 3.82 (3.28) number of hospitalizations. All patients provided informed consent. During the first period, patients received a daily session of rTMS, 5 days a week for the first and second week then three sessions a week for the third and fourth week. The stimulation was performed on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (10. Hz, 80 % of the motor threshold, 26 trains of 6. s with an interval of 30. s). In the second period, patients received one weekly session during the second month (M2), then one rTMS session each fortnight the following months. The Hamilton depression rating scale (17 items) was used to assess the intensity of depressive symptoms. Clinical ratings were assessed at baseline, each week during the first month and monthly for 5. months (M6). The authors used a 50 % reduction criteria in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores following treatment compared to baseline for responders, and HDRS <8 for patients in remission. The results show a significant drop in HDRS scores after 1 month of rTMS: at baseline 22.50 ± 2.84 versus at M1 10.25 ± 4.18, p<0.001. Two no responders received only 1 month of rTMS treatment. The other responder patients (n=10) had the possibility of receiving the treatment by rTMS maintenance for 5 months. The HDRS score showed no difference between the mean HDRS score at M1 and M6 (p>0.05). We noted a high score in compliance to the TMS treatment in this sample: 75 % (n=9) at M6 with only three drop-outs. No side effect was reported, except headache. The absence of cognitive effects is a strong argument in favor of TMS use in this population. Nevertheless, new double blind studies are needed to confirm this therapeutic tool and the benefits of rTMS in the treatment of elderly resistant depressed people. © 2009 Elsevier Masson SAS.
Meeting the challenge of resistant depression$$$ There is growing concern regarding the relatively low efficacy of antidepressant treatments and the consequent high incidence of treatment refractory depression. As demonstrated in the recent STAR∗D study, sequential administration of different antidepressant agents and augmenters of various types, does improve outcome. However the time taken to achieve remission is extremely long and in the absence of placebo control groups it is not certain that it is the effect of the treatment and not the passage of time that underlies remission. There is a clear need for novel approaches to meet the challenge of resistant depression. In this symposium some of these approaches will be considered, including interventions that are currently available to the clinician and those that are still in the research and development pipeline. Dr Steven Stahl (USA) will discuss the current focus on developing multifunctional drugs for the treatment of depression including underlying preclinical concepts and supportive evidence from the clinical domain. Use of hormone-based therapies for treating depression is not a novel concept but is currently experiencing a significant increase in interest with emphasis on thyroid hormones, estrogen and, notwithstanding somewhat disappointing results of recent clinical trials, drugs that impact on HPA axis function. Dr Bernard Lerer (Israel) will focus on this area with emphasis on thyroid hormone and estrogen including novel results from preclinical and clinical studies. Dr Mark George (USA) will focus on developments in brain simulation, an area in which there are several intriguing developments. Notwithstanding, novel approaches that are currently a major focus of interest, he will emphasize important recent findings regarding ECT that support methods of delivery (high dose, ultrabrief stimulation) which are highly effective but induce an extremely low level of cognitive adverse effects. Psychotherapeutic approaches are greatly underused in the treatment of resistant depression and insufficiently studied. Dr Mathias Berger (Germany) will address this topic. He will discuss the different strategies and will present empirical evidence supporting efficacy of specific approaches in patients with chronic, therapy resistant depression.
Recent advances in ECT and other brain stimulation techniques for treatment resistant depression$$$ Aims: To review recent clinical data with brain stimulation techniques for treatment resistant depression. Background: There has beenmuch interest and several newclinical breakthroughs in using brain stimulation techniques for treating depression, particularly treatment resistant depression (TRD). Methods: Using literature review and knowledge of still unpublished data, this talk critically reviews recent advances in using electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) for treating depression. All are now US FDA approved for this indication. I will also quickly cover recent and ongoing research studies involving magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and deep brain stimulation (DBS). Results: With ECT, new data demonstrate that shortening the pulse width of the electrical stimulus (ultrabrief pulsewidth) results in more localized seizures that are just as effective as traditional ECT, with markedly less cognitive deficits.1 Moreover, new studies have shown that continuing certain medications while receiving ECT improves the overall remission rate. For example, treatment with nortriptyline enhanced the efficacy and reduced the cognitive adverse effects of ECT relative to placebo. In contrast, venlafaxine resulted in a weaker degree of improvement and tended to worsen cognitive adverse effects.2 With VNS, an open-label study from Europe found response rates that were slightly better than a prior US study. Response rates of VNS as adjunct to stable medications were 53% after 1 year of VNS, and remission rates reached 33%.3 There is still no class I evidence of acute antidepressant efficacy however. With TMS, a recently completed NIH sponsored trial of 190 medication free resistant unipolar depressed patients (OPT-TMS) found that TMS produced significantly more remissions than did sham TMS (15% active, 5% sham). Other new developments suggest that a more anterior and lateral placement of the TMS coil results in more robust antidepressant responses.4 Open series and ongoing clinical trials suggest that MST, or DBS, may also eventually have clinical utility in treating depression, although these techniques are still investigational. Conclusions: The brain stimulation techniques are continuing to evolve and advance and provide new treatment options for patients with treatment resistant depression.
Oxidative biology in psychiatric disorders: Novel mechanism of disease and novel therapeutic opportunities$$$ T. Kato Psychopharmacological analysis of mice with neuron specific accumulation of mitochondrial DNA mutations A.C. Andreazza - Evidence of mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative damage in Bipolar Disorder: findings from postmortem brain and peripheral cells F. Kapczinski - Peripheral markers of oxidative stress and neurotrophin dysfunction M. Berk - N-acetylcysteine for the treatment of bipolar disorder: New research data This symposiumwill highlight the rapidlyemerging area of oxidative biology in psychiatry. Dr Kato will provide novel evidence of mitochondrial dysfunction in bipolar disorder, specifically findings of ECT, sleep deprivation, valproate, lamotrigine and other drugs on the behaviour of mice with neuron specific accumulation of mitochondrial DNA mutations. Dr Andreazza will discuss accumulating evidence suggesting that mitochondrial dysfunction and oxidative damage underlies the pathophysiology of bipolar disorder. The deregulation of mitochondrial electron transport chain, specifically of complex-1, has been described in pre-frontal cortex, hippocampus and leukocytes of subjects with bipolar disorder. The deregulation of the mitochondrial electron transport chain leads to increased production of reactive oxygen species that increase oxidative damage to DNA, lipids and proteins. It has been shown that bipolar disorder patients present with increased peripheral levels of DNA oxidation, lipid peroxidation, tyrosine nitration, and deregulation of antioxidant enzymes activities. The post-mortemstudies also have reported increased lipid peroxidation in cingulate cortex, DNA fragmentationinnon-gabaergic neurons and increased proteinoxidation and tyrosine nitration. These studies have pointed to involvement of oxidative stress not only in the brain, but also in the peripheral system. Prof Kapczinski will report recently described increases in oxidative stress in bipolar disorder. Their group and others have also described evidence of oxidative damage to various tissues aswell as to DNA in both serum and brain. In a recent work, they were able to show that, during acute mania, increased oxidative stress correlates with decreased levels of Brain Derived Neurotrophic Factor. Thus, changes in the oxidative balance may affect the expression/folding and/or secretion of neurotrophic factors. Activation of pro-apoptotic pathways has been reported in bipolar disorder and the data described provides a new framework for the investigation of changes in neuroplasticity as well as cell endangerment related to mood episodes. The symposium will conclude with a presentation by Prof Berk documenting newclinical trial data regarding the use of the glutathione precursor N-acetylcysteine in bipolar disorder. Based on the evidence of oxidative dysfunction in the disorder, and a prior trial showing the utility of NAC in improving depressive symptoms and functioning, an enriched placebo controlled maintenance trial is underway, and data should be available at the time of thismeeting. This symposium will thus track the development of the area from basic science to clinical application and will highlight novel and available therapeutic strategies in areas of major unmet clinical need.
CANMAT Clinical guidelines for the use of neurostimulation therapies for the management of major depressive disorder in adults$$$ Introduction: In 2001, the Canadian Psychiatric Association and the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) partnered to produce evidence-based clinical guidelines for the treatment of depressive disorders. A revision of these guidelines was undertaken by CANMAT in 2008-2009 to reflect advances in the field. There is renewed interest in refined approaches to brain stimulation, particularly for treatment resistant major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: PubMed, PsycInfo and the Cochrane database were searched for all publications relating to the use of neurostimulation approaches for depression, from January 2000 to December 2008. An evidence-based format was used with updated systematic reviews of the literature and recommendationswere graded according to Level of Evidence using pre-defined criteria. Lines of Treatmentwere identified based on criteria that included evidence and expert clinical support. Results: Among the four forms of neurostimulation reviewed in this section, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has the most extensive evidence, spanning seven decades. Repetitive transcranial magnetic (rTMS) and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) have been approved to treat depressed adults in both Canada and the United States with a much smaller evidence base. There is also emerging evidence that deep brain stimulation (DBS) is effective for otherwise treatment resistant depression, but this is an investigational approach in 2009. Compared to other modalities for the treatment of MDD, the data on the neurostimulation approaches to depression is limited by the relatively small numbers of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and small sample sizes. Conclusions: There is most evidence to support ECT as a first-line treatment under specific circumstances and rTMS as a second-line treatment. Evidence to support VNS is less robust and DBS remains an investigational treatment.
Efficacy of frequency modulated priming with right prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in depression: A randomnised sham controlled study$$$ Background: Efficacy of rTMS has been found in depression; however, doubt still remains about its effectiveness in clinical practice. In this context, new methods to enhance response rates to rTMS treatment are being explored. Aim: To compare the efficacy of adjuvant frequency modulated active priming rTMS with sham priming stimulation in patients with moderate to severe depression receiving low frequency rTMS. Methodology: 40 patients of moderate to severe depression (ICD10 DCR) were randomly assigned to receive add-on active priming rTMS (4-8Hz; 400 pulses at 90%of MT) or sham priming stimulation followed by low frequency rTMS (1Hz, 900pulses at 110% of MT) over right DLPFC. They were rated with Structured Interview Guide for the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (SIGH-D), Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) and Clinical Global Impression - Severity of Illness (CGI-S) scale at baseline, after 5th and 10th rTMS and two weeks post-rTMS. Results: There was significant difference in SIGH-D scores between the priming rTMS and sham priming stimulation groups (F=3.991, p=0.018; effect size n2=0.095), whereas no effect in BPRS was noted. Conclusion: Pre stimulation with frequency modulated priming stimulation has greater antidepressant effect than low frequency stimulation alone.
Efficacy of frequency modulated priming with right prefrontal cortex repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) in Unipolar and Bipolar depression: A randomized sham controlled study$$$ Background: Although there is evidence of effectiveness of rTMS in depression, difference in response between unipolar and bipolar depression has not been explored. Aim: To compare the efficacy of adjuvant frequency modulated active priming rTMS with sham priming stimulation in patients with unipolar and bipolar depression receiving low frequency rTMS. Materials and Method: 40 patients of moderate to severe depression (28 unipolar and 12 bipolar) fulfilling ICD 10 DCR criteria were recruited and were randomly assigned to active priming rTMS (4-8 Hz; 400 stimulations at 90% of MT) or sham priming stimulation followed by low frequency rTMS (1 Hz, 900 stimulations at 110% of MT over right DLPFC. They were rated with the Structured Interview Guide for the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (SIGH-D), Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) ang1 Clinical Global Impression-Severity of illnes (CGI-S) scale at baseline, week 1,2 and 4. Results: There was significant difference in SIGH D scores between the active and sham group in unipolar depression (F=4.63, p=.008; effect size n=.39), whereas there was no difference between both groups in bipolar depression (F=.61, p=.513). Conclusion: Pre stimulation with frequency modulated priming stimulation has greater antidepressant effect in unipolar than bipolar depression.
What should we do about dosages of anti-epileptic drugs during course of ect? A survey$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as well as antiepileptic drugs (AED) are useful in the treatment of bipolar disorder. An American guideline on ECT recommends tapering and discontinuing the anticonvulsant before the ECT course. UK guideline for ECT recommends that anticonvulsants are to be continued throughout the course of ECT. Neither is based on sound evidence. To date, no comparative studies have examined the efficacy and safety of the Anti epileptic-ECT combination. Aim: To survey about the practice of AED-ECT combination in qualified psychiatrists at NIMHANS, Bangalore Methodology: Qualified psychiatrists (n=44) have been assessed by a questionnaire about whats their preference about AED-ECT combination. It includes reduction of dosages, stoppage of drug, continuing the drug with same dosages, skipping night dose, combination of reduction of dosages with skipping the night dose and no response. The results were analyzed. Results: Reduction with skipping the previous night dose of AEDs is the most common practice (n=12); followed by only skipping the night dosages (n=8); Continuing the AEDs with same dosages (n=7); Reduction of dosage (n=4); stopping the drug (n=4) and seven of them didn't give any specific response. Conclusion: There is disparity between practices of use of combination of AED-ECT combination. Though most of them preferred the reduction with skipping the previous night dose of AED; it doesn't have robust evidence. There is need to study this important issue in randomized controlled design.
TMS, tDCS and deep brain stimulation$$$ 30% of patients with epilepsy are pharmacoresistant. Therefore, alternative treatments are needed. After the early observation that afterdischarges following electrical stimulation of the brain can be interrupted by a second electrical stimulation of the cortex the idea to use therapeutic brain stimulation (TBS) evolved. Many different targets for TBS have been investigated including cerebellum, thalamic nuclei, the STN the hippocampus as well as the neocortical region of seizures onset. Two different approaches to therapeutic brain stimulation can be discerned: a) fixed schedule stimulation regardless of the ongoing EEG-activity and b) responsive stimulation mostly depending on closed loop systems that stimulate only when a seizure is impending or has been detected. Until recently controlled studies of therapeutic brain stimulation failed to show robust effects. Since the approval of vagus nerve stimulation as the first TS technique in humans TBS has gained renewed interest. Currently two randomized controlled studies are investigating TBS and at least one of these will soon be approved by the FDA. The SAN-TE (Stimulation of the anterior nucleus of the thalamus for epilepsy) - study included 110 patients and applied a nonfocal fixed schedule stimulation paradigm. During the 3 months double-blind phase (DBP) seizure frequency was reduced by 38% in the verum as compared to 14.5% in the control group. Of 87 patients with more >13 months follow-up, 40% had an over 50% seizure reduction. The rate of infection was 10% and asymptomatic intracerebral hemorrhages occurred in 1.3%. Depression, anxiety and memory disturbance were significantly more frequent under TBS. The responsive neurostimulation system (RNS) of the NeuroPace company applies a closed-loop focal stimulation at the seizure onset zone. During the last 2 of 3 months of the DBP seizure frequency was reduced by 29% in the verum as compared to 14% in controls. Besides rTMS (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation) and tDCS (transcranial direct current stimulation) have been studied as TBS tools. In summary the relatively short lasting effects of 5 × 1 h stimulation over 5 days appear to be most robust when focal stimulation over a cortical focus is applied at 0.3-1 Hz with at least 1000 stimuli per session and at an intensity of ≥; 100 of the RMT. For tDCS only one prospective trial is available showing a reduction in spikes and a trend towards a reduction in seizures.
Effect of tDCS with an extracephalic reference electrode on cardio-respiratory and autonomic functions$$$ Background: Transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) is used in human physiological studies and for therapeutic trials in patients with abnormalities of cortical excitability. Its safety profile places tDCS in the pole-position for translating in real-world therapeutic application. However, an episode of transient respiratory depression in a subject receiving tDCS with an extracephalic electrode led to the suggestion that such an electrode montage could modulate the brainstem autonomic centres.We investigated whether tDCS applied over the midline frontal cortex in 30 healthy volunteers (sham n = 10, cathodal n = 10, anodal n = 10) with an extracephalic reference electrode would modulate brainstem activity as reflected by the monitoring and stringent analysis of vital parameters: heart rate (variability), respiratory rate, blood pressure and sympatho-vagal balance.We reasoned that this study could lead to two opposite but equally interesting outcomes: 1) If tDCS with an extracephalic electrode modulated vital parameters, it could be used as a new tool to explore the autonomic nervous system and, even, to modulate its activity for therapeutic purposes. 2) On the opposite, if applying tDCS with an extracephalic electrode had no effect, it could thus be used safely in healthy human subjects. This outcome would significantly impact the field of non-invasive brain stimulation with tDCS. Indeed, on the one hand, using an extracephalic electrode as a genuine neutral reference (as opposed to the classical "bi-cephalic" tDCS montages which deliver bi-polar stimulation of the brain) would help to comfort the conclusions of several modern studies regarding the spatial location and polarity of tDCS. On the other hand, using an extracephalic reference electrode may impact differently on a given cortical target due to the change of direct current flow direction; this may enlarge the potential interventions with tDCS.Results: Whereas the respiratory frequency decreased mildly over time and the blood pressure increased steadily, there was no differential impact of real (anodal or cathodal) versus sham tDCS. The heart rate remained stable during the monitoring period. The parameters reflecting the sympathovagal balance suggested a progressive shift over time favouring the sympathetic tone, again without differential impact of real versus sham tDCS.Conclusions: Applying tDCS with an extracephalic reference electrode in healthy volunteers did not significantly modulate the activity of the brainstem autonomic centres. Therefore, using an extracephalic reference electrode for tDCS appears safe in healthy volunteers, at least under similar experimental conditions. © 2010 Vandermeeren et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Changes in clinical trials methodology over time: A systematic review of six decades of research in psychopharmacology$$$ Background: There have been many changes in clinical trials methodology since the introduction of lithium and the beginning of the modern era of psychopharmacology in 1949. The nature and importance of these changes have not been fully addressed to date. As methodological flaws in trials can lead to false-negative or false-positive results, the objective of our study was to evaluate the impact of methodological changes in psychopharmacology clinical research over the past 60 years. Methodology/Principal Findings: We performed a systematic review from 1949 to 2009 on MEDLINE and Web of Science electronic databases, and a hand search of high impact journals on studies of seven major drugs (chlorpromazine, clozapine, risperidone, lithium, fluoxetine and lamotrigine). All controlled studies published 100 months after the first trial were included. Ninety-one studies met our inclusion criteria. We analyzed the major changes in abstract reporting, study design, participants' assessment and enrollment, methodology and statistical analysis. Our results showed that the methodology of psychiatric clinical trials changed substantially, with quality gains in abstract reporting, results reporting, and statistical methodology. Recent trials use more informed consent, periods of washout, intention-to-treat approach and parametric tests. Placebo use remains high and unchanged over time. Conclusions/Significance: Clinical trial quality of psychopharmacological studies has changed significantly in most of the aspects we analyzed. There was significant improvement in quality reporting and internal validity. These changes have increased study efficiency; however, there is room for improvement in some aspects such as rating scales, diagnostic criteria and better trial reporting. Therefore, despite the advancements observed, there are still several areas that can be improved in psychopharmacology clinical trials. © 2010 Brunoni et al.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for refractory symptoms in schizophrenia$$$ Purpose of review: Schizophrenia is an illness associated with a substantial degree of treatment resistance and suboptimal therapeutic response. In recent years, novel brain stimulation technologies have been identified as potential treatments for schizophrenia and related disorders. Several published studies have assessed the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with schizophrenia. Recent findings: Most published studies have focused on the use of low-frequency rTMS to treat refractory auditory hallucinations. These studies support the efficacy of stimulation over the temporoparietal cortex. Several other studies have assessed high-frequency stimulation of the prefrontal cortex in the treatment of negative symptoms. Novel protocols to treat auditory hallucinations have been piloted and case reports are emerging on the use of maintenance rTMS to treat auditory hallucinations. Summary: Overall, rTMS studies have demonstrated some promise in the treatment of schizophrenia. However, more research is required to delineate the role of this technique in clinical practice and to explore novel stimulation techniques that may ultimately lead to improved therapeutic efficacy. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Prolongation of QT interval induced by electroconvulsive therapy is attenuated by landiolol$$$ Objective: The objective of this study was to determine if landiolol, ultra short-acting β adrenoceptor antagonist, attenuates the prolongation of QT interval caused by electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: Fifteen patients, scheduled to undergo ECT for the treatment of major depression disorder, were studied. In each patient, 2 sessions of ECT were picked up and randomly assigned to be administered with (treatment L) or without continuous infusion of landiolol (treatment C). Electroconvulsive therapy was administered under general anesthesia with propofol and suxamethonium. Raw electrocardiogram waves were obtained from anesthesia monitor and stored on a personal computer. Automated electrocardiogram analyzing software was used for the determination of QT interval. Results: The increase in corrected QT caused by suxamethonium was significantly smaller in treatment L (36.8 ± 14.5 ms for treatment C vs 17.9 ± 6.5 ms for treatment L; P < 0.001). The increase in corrected QT caused by ECT was also smaller in treatment L (72.3 ± 23.1 ms for treatment C vs 54.6 ± 17.9 ms for treatment L; P = 0.02). Conclusions: The prolongation of QT interval caused by SUX and ECT was partially attenuated by landiolol. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Predictors of patient satisfaction after ultrabrief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapies for major depression$$$ Objective: To assess patient satisfaction after ultrabrief electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Method: As part of a larger clinical and neuropsychological assessment, a Patient Satisfaction Survey was obtained from patients participating in a randomized trial comparing bifrontal and unilateral ultrabrief ECT. Results: Forty-eight patients (75%) completed the Patient Satisfaction Survey. Fifty-eight percent of the patients endorsed the statement "If my doctor recommended ECT in the future, I would choose to have ECT again." A greater change in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score (regression weight, 0.28; t1 = 5.30; P = < 0.0001) and the absence of psychotic symptoms at baseline (regression weight, -2.40; t1 = -2.54; P = 0.0148) predicted a higher satisfaction. In a multiple regression model with the same predictors but with change in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores being replaced by change in Squire Subjective Memory Questionnaire scores, decrease in memory complaints proved to be a significant predictor of satisfaction. There were no significant differences between the patients given bifrontal ECT and those given unilateral ECT. Conclusions: Patients report a considerable degree of satisfaction after ultrabrief ECT. Patients who experience a more robust improvement in depressive symptoms and subjective memory complaints, and who have no psychotic symptoms at baseline, are more satisfied after treatment. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Induction of hypomanic episode with transcranial direct current stimulation$$$ We report on the case of a 57-year-old man who experienced an episode of hypomania while participating in a clinical trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depressive disorder. Although hypomania and mania have been reported after transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the past, to our knowledge, this is the first report of mania after transcranial direct current stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Copyright © 2010 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Electroconvulsive therapy, practice and evidence$$$ This issue includes the findings from the largest randomised controlled trial ever conducted with bilateral, unilateral and bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The background to the study and its findings are discussed.
Bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral electrode placement in ECT: Randomised trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for major depression. Optimising efficacy and minimising cognitive impairment are goals of ongoing technical refinements. Aims: To compare the efficacy and cognitive effects of a novel electrode placement, bifrontal, with two standard electrode placements, bitemporal and right unilateral in ECT. Method: This multicentre randomised, double-blind, controlled trial (NCT00069407) was carried out from 2001 to 2006. A total of 230 individuals with major depression, bipolar and unipolar, were randomly assigned to one of three electrode placements during a course of ECT: bifrontal at one and a half times seizure threshold, bitemporal at one and a half times seizure threshold and right unilateral at six times seizure threshold. Results: All three electrode placements resulted in both clinically and statistically significant antidepressant outcomes. Remission rates were 55% (95% CI 43-46%) with right unilateral, 61% with bifrontal (95% CI 50-71%) and 64% (95% CI 53-75%) with bitemporal. Bitemporal resulted in a more rapid decline in symptom ratings over the early course of treatment. Cognitive data revealed few differences between the electrode placements on a variety of neuropsychological instruments. Conclusions: Each electrode placement is a very effective antidepressant treatment when given with appropriate electrical dosing. Bitemporal leads to more rapid symptom reduction and should be considered the preferred placement for urgent clinical situations. The cognitive profile of bifrontal is not substantially different from that of bitemporal.
Interventional therapies for the management of cancer pain$$$ Timely interventional cancer pain therapies complement conventional pain management by reducing the need for high-dose opioid therapy and its associated toxicity. All patients with upper abdominal visceral pain should be considered for celiac plexus neurolysis soon after diagnosis. Intrathecal therapy should be considered in any patient with moderate-to-severe pain despite a reasonable therapeutic trial of opioid pharmacotherapy or in any patient intolerant of opioid therapy. Specific interventions for vertebral metastases and other sites of metastatic bone pain, including vertebroplasty, kyphoplasty, and image-guided tumor ablation, should be understood and considered. A collaborative model of care, including pain medicine specialists with expertise in interventional therapies, should be standard in all oncologic practices in order to optimize outcomes for patients with cancer throughout the course of their treatment. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Repeated brain stimulation affects markers for neuroplasticity: Differential outcomes in anaesthetized and awake animals$$$ Background. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) is one of the most prevalent neurotrophic factors in the adult brain. The neurotrophic hypothesis of depression claims that BDNF has a critical role in the pathophysiology of mood disorders. As several studies have shown the effectiveness of repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of depression, we were interested in the differential effects of low and high frequency TMS on BDNF levels. In addition, we have measured the effects of TMS on levels of the AMPA receptor subunit, GluR1, which is another marker for neuroplasticity that might be altered by repeated brain stimulation. Moreover, as our previous studies indicated [e.g., 1,2], certain environmental stimuli during or just before brain stimulation can dramatically affect the behavioral outcome, we have tested whether the effect of stimulation on these neuroplasticity markers differs between animals receiving the treatment at different states of brain activity. Objective. Our aim was to test the effect of low and high frequency TMS on markers of neuroplasticity (BDNF and GluR1) and to evaluate it in two states of animal brain activity -awake and anaesthetized. Methods. TMS was administered daily for 10 days with a circular magnetic coil. The stimulation was performed on 36 awake and 32 anaesthetized (with isoflurane) Sprague-Dawley rats. All animals were randomly separated into low-frequency (1Hz), high-frequency (20Hz) and sham stimulated groups. To properly control for possible differences in acute stress between low and high frequency stimulations in awake animals, there were 2 awake sham groups. After stimulation rats were sacrificed and punches from reward-related brain regions were taken as previously described [3] for BDNF and GluR1 evaluation. Results. BDNF measurement in anaesthetized animals: In the hippocampus, one-way ANOVA revealed a group effect (F(2,48) = 8.63, p = 0.0006). Post-hoc analysis showed that BDNF was significantly decreased following high-frequency (p = 0.0018) but not low-frequency TMS.A comparison of BDNF levels in the prelimbic cortex (PLC) also showed a group effect (F(2,48) = 6.7, p = 0.0027). Post-hoc analysis revealed again that only high-frequency TMS significantly decreased BDNF levels (p = 0.0154), while low-frequency TMS did not have an effect. In the nucleus accumbens and striatum neither treatment changed BDNF levels in comparison to the sham group. BDNF measurement in awake animals: In the hippocampus, two-way ANOVA revealed a significant treatment effect (F(1,56) = 7.56, p = 0.008) and further analysis showed that high-frequency stimulation significantly increased BDNF levels (p = 0.0034), and low-frequency TMS had no effect. In the prelimbic cortex, two-way ANOVA showed an effect of treatment (F(1,64) = 3.9, p = 0.05), and the following t-test showed that only low-frequency TMS had significantly higher BDNF levels than the corresponding sham group (p=0.0037), while high-frequency had no effect. In the nucleus accumbens and striatum neither treatment changed BDNF levels in comparison to the corresponding sham groups. The measurements of GluR1 and phospho-GluR1 levels are currently in progress and will be completed in time for ECNP workshop. Conclusion. These results suggest that repeated TMS can affect neuroplasticity in specific brain regions and emphasizes that the animal state (anaesthetized versus awake) during stimulation can dramatically affect the neurochemical outcome and thereby the potential behavioral or therapeutic effects.
Oral olanzapine for the prevention of postictal agitation during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Introduction: Postictal agitation (PIA) is a complication presenting in 7%-10% of patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). PIA is a complication characterized by confusion, restlessness and poor response to verbal commands. PIA is associated with significant risk for patients and healthcare professionals, and finding adequate management strategies is essential. Although it is difficult to predict, it is likely to recur. Therefore, an important advance would be to prophylactically treat these at-risk patients with the goal of preventing PIA or decreasing its severity. Current methods described to prevent PIA include increasing the anesthetic agent, increasing the succinylcholine, antihistamines, and benzodiazepines. We report the use of orally dissolving olanzapine as a prophylactic strategy for PIA in a retrospective series of 40 at-risk patients. Methods: Patients who developed PIA after any given treatment were identified and pre-medicated for subsequent treatments. The Richmond Agitation Sedation Scale (RASS) is used routinely by the Emory ECT service to evaluate all patients after each treatment (Table 1). The patients who had a RASS score higher than 0 were identified and premedicated with olanzapine (5-10 mg) 30 to 45 minutes prior to the treatment. This orally disintegrating tablet enabled the patient to take medication without water prior to ECT. Results: Forty patients were included: 26 (65%) women and 14 (35%) men; average age was 54.28, SD=16.57 (19-85y). Diagnoses included: 18 (45%) major depression (6 (15%) with psychotic features); 17 (42.5%) bipolar depression (2 (5%) with psychotic features); and 5(12.5%) schizoaffective disorder. Out of the 40 patients 7 (17.5%) presented with severe agitation (+3): 4 of those patients showed a score of 0 after premedication and 3 improved from severe to mild agitation; 21 (52.5%) presented with moderate agitation (2+) and all had a score of 0 after premedication; 10 (25%) had mild agitation (1+) and improved to a score of 0 after premedication. None of the patients were noted to have any significant adverse events. The Wilcoxon signed-rank test was used to compare the within subject RASS scores pre-and postmedication. It was hypothesized that subjects would show a statistically significant change in RASS scores associated with use of oral olanzapine. An alpha level of 0.05 was chosen a priori for hypothesis testing. A Wilcoxon signed-rank test was statistically significant (P-value <.0001). When comparing RASS scores before and after premedication with Olanzapine. Conclusions: In our series of 40 patients with PIA, the administration of orally dissolving olanzapine was effective in the prophylaxis of subsequent agitation post ECT. The use of orally dissolving atypical antipsychotics provides an additional treatment strategy for PIA. Further double-blind randomized controlled studies are needed to better evaluate the usefulness of prophylactic oral atypical antipsychotics and the risk/benefit ratio in the prevention of this medical complication. (Table Presented).
Dosage-dependent non-linear effect of l-dopa on human motor cortex plasticity$$$ Introduction: The neuromodulator dopamine affects learning and memory formation and their likely physiological correlates, long-term depression and potentiation in animals and humans. It is known from animal experiments that dopamine exerts a dosage-dependent, inverted U-shaped effect on these functions. However, this has not been explored in humans so far. Methods: In order to reveal a non-linear dose-dependent effect of dopamine on cortical plasticity in humans, we explored the impact of 25, 100, and 200mg of the dopamine precursor l-dopa on transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) -induced plasticity in twelve healthy human subjects. The primary motor cortex served as a model system, and plasticity was monitored by motor evoked potential amplitudes elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation. Results: As compared to placebo medication, low and high dosages of l-dopa abolished facilitatory as well as inhibitory plasticity, whereas the medium dosage prolonged inhibitory plasticity, and turned facilitatory plasticity into inhibition. Discussion: The results show clear non-linear, dosage-dependent effects of dopamine on both, facilitatory and inhibitory plasticity, and support the assumption of the importance of a specific dosage of dopamine optimally suited to improve plasticity. This might be important for the therapeutic application of dopaminergic agents, especially for rehabilitative purposes, and to explain some opposing results in former studies.
Hormetic dose-response relationship of lithium on motor cortical excitability$$$ Introduction: Lithium has been widely used for treatment of bipolar disorders for over 50 years. Still, the acute cortical effects of lithium in humans are poorly investigated. This study aimed at investigating the effects of several doses of lithium on corticospinal excitability as measured by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Methods: Seven healthy, non-smoking right-handed subjects (4 female, mean age, 26 years) participated in this randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover study. Subjects took one of three single oral doses of lithium (450mg, 900mg, or 1350mg) or placebo in 4 sessions separated by at least one week. Motor evoked potentials (MEP) were recorded by surface electromyography from the first dorsal interosseous muscle of the right hand. Focal TMS was applied to the hand area of the left motor cortex. MEP intensity curves were recorded before (baseline) and 2 hours after drug intake. The stimulus intensity that elicited an MEP of 1 mV (SI1mV) was determined. Ten MEPs each were recorded at 11 stimulus intensities from 50% to 150% of SI1mV. Identical stimulus intensities were use pre and post drug intake. The mean MEP in the central region of the MEP intensity curve (90% to 120% of SI1mV) was taken as measure of corticospinal excitability. Results: We found an inverted U-shaped increase of the mean MEP with a maximum effect at the lowest lithium dose of 450mg (22.6% MEP increase, mean lithium serum level 0.14mmol/l, Fig.1) but markedly lesser MEP increases for the higher doses of 900mg (15.7% MEP increase, serum level 0.27mmol/l) and of 1350mg (2.7%, serum level 0.4mmol/l) and for placebo (3.7%, serum level 0mmol/l). (Figure presented) Discussion: We investigated for the first time the acute effects of lithium on motor cortical excitability by TMS and demonstrated an inverted U-shaped dose-response-curve, with a maximal MEP increase at the lowest dose and less effect at higher doses and the placebo condition. This inverted U-shaped relationship is referred to as hormesis, one of the most common and highly generalizable pharmaco-dynamic models in the biomedical sciences. Hormesis is explained by drug actions on at least two different signaling pathways or receptors, one high-affinity stimulatory one and another low-affinity inhibitory one, with the former outweighing the latter at low drug dose and vice versa at high dose. The target molecules mediating the hormetic effect of lithium on MEP size are unclear but may include glycogen synthase kinase-3β, protein phosphatase 2A and inositol monophosphatase. The hormetic increase motor cortical excitability may be related to the potentially proconvulsive effects of lithium, a possibility that warrants further investigation.
Transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of chronic tinnitus - Results of a pilot study$$$ Introduction: Chronic tinnitus is associated with an increased neuronal activity of central auditory pathways. For conscious perception you need additional co-activation of frontal and parietal areas (Boly et al. 2004). Correspondingly magnetencephalographic analyses show, that patients with chronic tinnitus present spacious alterations of neuronal networks (Schlee et al. 2008, Schlee et al. 2009). These areas could represent additional targets for a neuromodulatory therapy (Kleinjung et al. 2008). Here we examined the clinical effect of a modulation frontal areas with transcranial Direct Current Stimulation (tDCS) in patients with chronic tinnitus, who did not respond with repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS). Method: 20 patients with chronic decompensated tinnitus had been treated. All received several standard treatments like cognitive behavioural therapy, hearing aids, masker, vasoactive substances, antidepressants and rTMS. We performed with a tDC-S Stimulator (eldith; neuroConn GmbH/Ilmenau) 6 sessions in a period of 3 weeks. The anode was placed right frontal, the cathode left frontal. In each session we stimulated 30 minutes with 1 mA with a ramp of 8 seconds at the beginning and at the end. The treatment-effects were registered with the Tinnitus Handicap Inventory (THI) and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Results: There was a reduction of the tinnitus severity over the time. Depression scores remained unchanged. There were no severe side effects. Conclusion: These preliminary data suppose, that there might be a positive effect of the tDCS in tinnitus severity. There were no alterations in depressive symptoms. Further placebo controlled studies with larger cohorts are needed to evaluate the importance of tDCS in the treatment of chronic tinnitus.
Modulation of motor cortical excitability by paired associative stimulation (PAS) of the primary somatosensory cortex$$$ Introduction: The primary somatosensory cortex (S1) plays a crucial role in learning and adapting of motor skills. Due to the high interconnectedness to primary motor cortex (M1), manipulation of S1 excitability offers an opportunity to alter M1 excitability function. We applied paired associative stimulation (PAS) to S1 in order to induce long-term potentiation (LTP)-like or long-term depression (LTD)-like effects in S1 and evaluated the consequences of S1-PAS on excitability in the adjacent M1. Methods: 12 young healthy right-handed subjects participated in 5 experimental sessions in a randomized crossover design. S1-PAS consisted of 225 pairs of electrical stimulation of the median nerve of the right hand followed by focal TMS to the left S1 given over 15min at a rate of 0.25Hz. The interstimulus interval was adjusted according to the individual N20 latency of the median nerve SEP, and was N20-2.5ms, N20-15ms, or N20+20ms in separate sessions in order to induce an increase, decrease or no change in S1 excitability [Wolters et al. 2005, J Physiol 565:1039]. Another two control sessions applied PAS to M1at intervals of N20-2.5ms or N20-15ms and adjusted TMS intensity. Finally, in three additional control sessions, TMS alone over S1, or median nerve stimulation alone, or 15min waiting were tested. S1 excitability was tested by median nerve cortical SEP components (N20-P25 amplitude), M1 excitability was tested by slopes of Boltzmann curve fitted MEP intensity curves centered on MEP 1mV (stimulus intensity range, 0.6-1.4 MEP 1mV) and by short-interval intracortical inhibition (SICI, interstimulus interval 2ms). Excitability measurements were obtained before and at two time points (0 and 30min) after intervention. Results: None of the interventions resulted in significant change in S1 excitability. In contrast, S1-PAS (N20-N2.5ms) but none of the other conditions resulted in a significant increase in slope of the MEP intensity curve. SICI remained unaffected in all conditions. Conclusions: Paired associative stimulation of S1 can result in M1 excitability enhancement. This effect is timing specific as it was observed only in the PAS-S1 (N20-2.5ms) condition, and topographically specific as it was not detected with M1-PAS (N20-2.5ms). Findings suggest that specific enhancement of M1 excitability is possible by modulation of S1-to-M1 input. This effect may be of therapeutic potential, for instance in stroke rehabilitation.
Modulation of motor cortical excitability by paired associative stimulation (PAS) of the primary somatosensory cortex$$$ The proceedings contain 194 papers. The topics discussed include: low-dosed botulinum toxin in migraine without aura: a randomized, double-blind placebo-controlled crossover study; additional pharmacological options in the therapy of generalized epilepsies; anatomical correlate of positive spontaneous visual phenomena - a voxelwise lesion study; brainstem representation of vestibular evoked muscle potentials; NeuroCog FX - computerized neuropsychological screening; dosage-dependent non-linear effect of l-dopa on human motor cortex plasticity; transcranial brain sonography in Huntington's disease: depression correlates with the detection of hypoechogenic mesencephalic raphe structures; success is left and control is right? intercultural, TMS, and stimulus-varying experiments on the left-hemifield advantage in identifying targets among rapid series of letters; and the influence of positional effects on the spontaneous decrease of downbeat nystagmus in the course of the day.
The psychopharmacology algorithm project at the harvard south shore program: An update on bipolar depression$$$ This updated version of the bipolar depression algorithm of the Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program aims to provide an organized, sequential, and evidence-supported approach for the treatment of that disorder. After initial evaluation and diagnosis, the psychiatrist should first assess whether there is an urgent indication for ECT. If ECT is not indicated, and the patient has psychotic symptoms, then an antipsychotic should be part of the medication regimen. Next, if the patient is not currently treated with mood stabilizers, there is a slight preference for lithium. If lithium is not effective or tolerated, treatment with quetiapine or lamotrigine should be initiated. If the patient is currently taking other mood stabilizers, their dosage should be optimized, and the clinician should consider adding or switching to lithium, quetiapine, or lamotrigine. Next, if the patient is not at especially high risk of mood destabilization, an antidepressant can be added in the bipolar depressed patient who has failed trials of lithium, quetiapine, and lamotrigine. Rapid-cycling depressed patients may require combinations of two or three mood stabilizers. ECT, along with other psychopharmacological options, could be reconsidered for the treatment of refractory bipolar depressed patients. © 2010 President and Fellows of Harvard College.
Sham or real-Post hoc estimation of stimulation condition in a randomized transcranial magnetic stimulation trial$$$ Selecting a suitable sham condition within the frame of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment trials is a central issue. On the one hand, the ideal sham condition should not have a real stimulation effect; on the other hand, it should not be recognized as sham by patients, particularly when considering that real stimulation conditions come along with rTMS specific side effects. Within the course of a multi-centre trial assessing the antidepressant effects of rTMS, patients were randomized to sham or real stimulation, in both cases using a standard stimulation coil. In one centre, patients (n = 33) were asked about their impression whether they received the sham or the real treatment, and if they would recommend the treatment to others. 29 patients returned the questionnaires and were included into the analysis. From 15 subjects with real stimulation, 11 suggested to have obtained real, and 4 to have obtained sham. From 14 sham stimulated subjects, 9 suggested to have obtained the real condition and 5 to have been sham stimulated. This difference was not significant (p = 0.60, chi square test). In addition, the major part of patients in both stimulation conditions would recommend rTMS to others. In both conditions, real and sham, the majority of subjects believed to have obtained the real condition. This implies suitability of the sham condition used since subjects appeared not to be able to identify the condition. The results imply the feasibility of a valid sham condition with a "real" coil. © 2010 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
The study protocol of the Norwegian randomized controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression in bipolar disorder$$$ Background: The treatment of depressive phases of bipolar disorder is challenging. The effects of the commonly used antidepressants in bipolar depression are questionable. Electroconvulsive therapy is generally considered to be the most effective treatment even if there are no randomized controlled trials of electroconvulsive therapy in bipolar depression. The safety of electroconvulsive therapy is well documented, but there are some controversies as to the cognitive side effects. The aim of this study is to compare the effects and side effects of electroconvulsive therapy to pharmacological treatment in treatment resistant bipolar depression. Cognitive changes and quality of life during the treatment will be assessed.Methods/Design: A prospective, randomised controlled, multi-centre six- week acute treatment trial with seven clinical assessments. Follow up visit at 26 weeks or until remission (max 52 weeks). A neuropsychological test battery designed to be sensitive to changes in cognitive function will be used. Setting: Nine study centres across Norway, all acute psychiatric departments. Sample: n = 132 patients, aged 18 and over, who fulfil criteria for treatment resistant depression in bipolar disorder, Montgomery Åsberg Depression Rating Scale Score of at least 25 at baseline. Intervention: Intervention group: 3 sessions per week for up to 6 weeks, total up to 18 sessions. Control group: algorithm-based pharmacological treatment as usual.Discussion: This study is the first randomized controlled trial that aims to investigate whether electroconvulsive therapy is better than pharmacological treatment as usual in treatment resistant bipolar depression. Possible long lasting cognitive side effects will be evaluated. The study is investigator initiated, without support from industry.Trial registration: NCT00664976. © 2010 Kessler et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
A randomized controlled trial comparing the memory effects of continuation electroconvulsive therapy versus continuation pharmacotherapy: Results from the Consortium for Research in ECT (CORE) study$$$ Objective: To compare the memory effects of continuation electroconvulsive therapy (C-ECT) versus continuation pharmacologic intervention (C-PHARM) at 12 and 24 weeks after completion of acute electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Method: Eighty-five patients with Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV-diagnosed unipolar major depressive disorder, enrolled in a multisite, randomized, parallel-design trial conducted at 5 academic medical centers from 1997 to 2004, who had remitted with an acute course of bilateral ECT and remained unrelapsed through 24 weeks of continuation therapy, were included in this analysis. They were randomly assigned to C-ECT (10 treatments) or nortriptyline plus lithium (monitored by serum blood levels) for 24 weeks. Objective neuropsychological measures of retrograde and anterograde memory and subjective assessment of memory were obtained at baseline, 12 weeks, and 24 weeks. The Rey Auditory-Verbal Learning Test and the Autobiographical Memory Interview were the primary outcome measures. Results: The C-PHARM group showed a greater group difference (P < .01) for baseline to 12-week change for the Autobiographical Memory Interview. No other memory measures showed group differences for change scores from baseline to 12 weeks. Groups showed no baseline to 24-week change-score differences on any of the memory measures. For both groups, 12-week objective anterograde memory scores (eg, Auditory-Verbal Learning Test percent retention P = .0001; Rey-Osterrieth Complex Figure or Taylor Figure percent retention P < .002) and 24-week subjective memory scores were significantly improved (Squire Subjective Memory Questionnaire P < .02) over baseline. This result reflects the apparent resolution of a presumed decrement in anterograde memory associated with acute ECT preceding this study. Conclusions: The finding of no memory outcome differences between unrelapsed recipients of C-ECT and C-PHARM is consistent with clinical experience. Memory effects have only a small role in the choice between C-ECT and C-PHARM. © Copyright 2010 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Influence of prefrontal target region on the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with medication-resistant depression: A [18F]-fluorodeoxyglucose PET and MRI study$$$ It is currently unknown whether the antidepressant effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) depends on specific characteristics of the stimulated frontal area, such as metabolic changes. We investigated the effect of high-frequency rTMS, administered over the most hypometabolic prefrontal area in depressed patients in a two-site, double-blind, randomized placebo-controlled add-on study. Forty-eight patients with medication-resistant major depression underwent magnetic resonance imaging and [18F]- fluorodeoxyglucose positron emission tomography (PET) in order to determine a target area for rTMS. After randomization to PET-guided (n=16), standard (n=18), or sham rTMS (n=14) conditions, the patients received 10 sessions of 10-Hz rTMS (1600 pulses/session) at 90% motor threshold. Change from baseline in Montgomery-sberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores did not differ between PET-guided, standard and sham groups at 2-wk end-point. Exploratory comparison of left PET-guided (n=9), right PET-guided, standard, and sham rTMS revealed significant effects. The highest improvement in MADRS scores was observed with left PET-guided (60±31%), significantly superior to sham (30±37%, p=0.01) and right-guided (31±33%, p=0.02) stimulation. Comparison between left PET-guided and standard rTMS (49±28%) was not significant (p=0.12). Comparison between stimulation over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (BA 9-46), stimulation of other areas, and sham rTMS was statistically significant. Stimulation over BA 9-46 region (n=15) was superior to sham rTMS (p=0.02). The results do not support the general hypothesis of increased antidepressant effects of high-frequency rTMS with prefrontal hypometabolism-related PET guidance. Nonetheless, whether metabolism and anatomy characteristics of left frontal area underneath the coil might account for an increase or speeding up of rTMS effects needs further investigation. Copyright © 2009 CINP.
A double-blind, sham-controlled trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of depression$$$ Two recent sham-controlled studies found that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) was an effective treatment for depression. As tDCS is painless, relatively safe and inexpensive, its efficacy in treating depression warrants further investigation. This double-blind, randomized study tested tDCS at the same stimulation parameters as a previous positive study (1 mA current strength, five treatment sessions, active or sham, given on alternate days) in 40 depressed participants. Anodal stimulation was centred over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, with the cathode placed on the lateral aspect of the contralateral orbit. tDCS was continued up to a total of ten active sessions per participant. Mood outcomes were measured by psychiatrist raters blind to treatment condition using the Montgomery-Asberg and other depression rating scales. Psychomotor speed was assessed immediately before and after a single tDCS session and attention, frontal executive function, working memory and verbal learning were assessed after each group of five sessions. Overall depression scores improved significantly over ten tDCS treatments, but there was no between-group difference in the five-session, sham-controlled phase. tDCS was found to be safe, with no adverse effects on neuropsychological function, and only minor side-effects. It is recommended that the efficacy of tDCS in depression be further evaluated over a longer treatment period, using enhanced stimulation parameters. Copyright © 2009 CINP.
Elevated postoperative pain levels following orthopedic surgery: Depression as a strong predictor$$$ The aim of this study was to examine whether depression is a strong predictor of elevated postoperative pain levels following orthopedic surgery and whether the implementation of standardized pain management is more beneficial for patients with depression. We performed a non-randomized, prospective study with two different groups of patients who underwent orthopedic surgery. Group 1 (n=249) received non-standardized pain therapy whereas group 2 (n = 243) was treated with a standardized pain management concept. Effects of the treatment were monitored with a VAS-based pain assessment protocol. Depression was measured preoperatively with the self-reported Patient Health Questionnaire (PHQ-9). Patients with the probable diagnosis of a current episode of major depression showed significantly higher postoperative pain than patients without a depressive episode. On the other hand, patients with depression benefited from the implementation of standardized pain management. Our data suggest a predictive value of depression for severe postoperative pain. Patients with depression benefited from standardized postoperative pain therapy, but were still suffering from significantly higher postoperative pain. © 2010 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Propofol interruption of ECT seizure to reduce side-effects: A pilot study$$$ Fifteen depressed subjects received six bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatments under etomidate anesthesia. They were randomized to blindly either receive propofol 0.5 mg/kg 15 s post-stimulus or not. Propofol infusion significantly prevented long seizures, and prevented cognitive decrements in most neuropsychological tests, several significantly. Propofol interruption may clinically help reduce ECT side-effects. © 2009 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Quantitative review of the efficacy of slow-frequency magnetic brain stimulation in major depressive disorder$$$ BACKGROUND: Slow-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the frontal cortex has been suggested as a safer and better tolerable alternative to fast-frequency rTMS in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). The aim of the present study was to examine the efficacy of slow-frequency rTMS to the frontal cortex in MDD. METHOD: A literature search was carried out in the databases PubMed and Web of Science in the period between January 1994 and July 2009 with the search terms 'depression' and 'transcranial magnetic stimulation'. Nine double-blind sham-controlled parallel intention-to-treat studies (252 patients) fulfilled inclusion criteria and were entered in a random-effects meta-analysis. RESULTS: The test for heterogeneity was not significant (QT=9.63, p=0.38). An overall weighted moderate mean effect size (d=0.63, 95% confidence interval=0.03-1.24) for active treatment was observed. CONCLUSIONS: The findings suggest that slow-frequency rTMS to the frontal cortex is more effective than sham treatment and may be equally effective as fast-frequency rTMS in the treatment of MDD.
An update of evidence-based treatment of bipolar depression: Where do we stand?$$$ Purpose of review: The current article attempts to summarize the current status of our knowledge and practice in the treatment of bipolar depression and suggests future directions. Recent findings: Our knowledge about lithium solidly supports its usefulness during all phases of bipolar illness and its specific effectiveness on suicidal prevention. Specific second-generation antipsychotics could constitute a promising option for treating bipolar depression, although only limited data exist so far. Anticonvulsants appear to possess a broad spectrum of effectiveness, including mixed dysphoric and rapid-cycling forms. Lamotrigine may be preferably effective in the treatment of depression but not mania. The usefulness of antidepressants in bipolar depression is controversial. The first line of psychosocial intervention in bipolar depression is psychoeducation, family-focused psychoeducation and cognitive-behavioral therapy. Electroconvulsive therapy and transcranial magnetic stimulation are options for refractory patients. Accumulated knowledge so far indicates that bipolar patients need continuous administration of an antimanic agent even during the acute depressive phase. Summary: The development of rationalized 'combination treatment' guidelines is essential today, as it seems that the vast majority of patients do poorly on monotherapy and need complex pharmacotherapies. Although our knowledge is indeed limited, the development of some kind of guidelines for polypharmacy is possible and should be done as soon as possible. © 2010 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Therapy-resistant depression$$$ Therapy-resistant depression is not untreatable. Numerous treatment methods with substantiated effectiveness exist. However, none of them are able to ensure remission. Thus, what matters when treating therapy-resistant depression is the strict, step-by-step deployment of existing therapeutic options at the right tempo and with a regular systematic evaluation of patient response. Remission should always be the aim, not just some abatement in symptoms (response). The following should be avoided: too small dosages of medication; changing the therapeutic strategy too frequently or too quickly; thoughtlessly sticking to an ineffective treatment over too long a period of time; or unsystematic poly-pharmacy. If these are all avoided than therapy-resistant depressive patients will have a good chance of recovery. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd.
The World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for the biological treatment of bipolar disorders: Update 2010 on the treatment of acute bipolar depression$$$ Objectives. These guidelines are based on a first edition that was published in 2002, and have been edited and updated with the available scientific evidence until September 2009. Their purpose is to supply a systematic overview of all scientific evidence pertaining to the treatment of acute bipolar depression in adults. Methods. The data used for these guidelines have been extracted from a MEDLINE and EMBASE search, from the clinical trial database clinicaltrials.gov, from recent proceedings of key conferences, and from various national and international treatment guidelines. Their scientific rigor was categorised into six levels of evidence (AF). As these guidelines are intended for clinical use, the scientific evidence was finally assigned different grades of recommendation to ensure practicability. Results. We identified 10 pharmacological monotherapies or combination treatments with at least limited positive evidence for efficacy in bipolar depression, several of them still experimental and backed up only by a single study. Only one medication was considered to be sufficiently studied to merit full positive evidence. Conclusions. Although major advances have been made since the first edition of this guideline in 2002, there are many areas which still need more intense research to optimize treatment. The majority of treatment recommendations is still based on limited data and leaves considerable areas of uncertainty. © 2010 Informa UK Ltd.
Why do some promising brain-stimulation devices fail the next steps of clinical development?$$$ Interest in techniques of noninvasive brain stimulation (NIBS) has been growing exponentially in the last decade. Recent studies have shown that some of these techniques induce significant neurophysiological and clinical effects. Although recent results are promising, there are several techniques that have been abandoned despite positive initial results. In this study, we performed a systematic review to identify NIBS methods with promising preliminary clinical results that were not fully developed and adopted into clinical practice, and discuss its clinical, research and device characteristics. We identified five devices (transmeatal cochlear laser stimulation, transcranial micropolarization, transcranial electrostimulation, cranial electric stimulation and stimulation with weak electromagnetic fields) and compared them with two established NIBS devices (transcranial magnetic stimulation and transcranial direct current stimulation) and with well-known drugs used in neuropsychiatry (pramipexole and escitalopram) in order to understand the reasons why they failed to reach clinical practice and further steps of research development. Finally, we also discuss novel NIBS devices that have recently showed promising results: brain ultrasound and transcranial high-frequency random noise stimulation. Our results show that some of the reasons for the failure of NIBS devices with promising clinical findings are the difficulty to disseminate results, lack of controlled studies, duration of research development, mixed results and lack of standardization. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd.
The timing of antidepressant effects: A comparison of diverse pharmacological and somatic treatments$$$ Currently available antidepressants used to treat major depressive disorder (MDD) unfortunately often take weeks to months to achieve their full effects, commonly resulting in considerable morbidity and increased risk for suicidal behavior. Our lack of understanding of the precise cellular underpinnings of this illness and of the mechanism of action of existing effective pharmacological treatments is a large part of the reason that therapies with a more rapid onset of antidepressant action (ROAA) have not been developed. Other issues that need to be addressed include heterogeneous clinical concepts and statistical models to measure rapid antidepressant effects. This review describes the timing of onset of antidepressant effects for various therapies used to treat MDD. While several agents produce earlier improvement of depressive symptoms (defined as occurring within one week), the response rate associated with such agents can be quite variable. These agents include both currently available antidepressants as well as other pharmacological and non-pharmacological interventions. Considerably fewer treatments are associated with ROAA, defined as occurring within several hours or one day. Treatment strategies for MDD whose sustained antidepressant effects manifest within hours or even a few days would have an enormous impact on public health.
Randomized clinical trial of propofol versus ketamine for procedural sedation in the emergency department$$$ Objectives: The objective was to compare the occurrence of respiratory depression, adverse events, and recovery duration of propofol versus ketamine for use in procedural sedation in the emergency department (ED). Methods: This was a randomized nonblinded prospective clinical trial of adult patients undergoing procedural sedation for painful procedures in the ED. Patients with pain before the procedure were treated with intravenous (IV) morphine sulfate until their pain was adequately treated at least 20 minutes before starting the procedure. Patients were randomized to receive either propofol 1 mg / kg IV followed by 0.5 mg/ kg every 3 minutes as needed or ketamine 1.0 mg/ kg IV followed by 0.5 mg/ kg every 3 minutes as needed. Doses, vital signs, nasal end-tidal CO2 (ETCO2), and pulse oximetry were recorded. Subclinical respiratory depression was defined as a change in ETCO2 of >10 mm Hg, an oxygen saturation of <92% at any time, or an absent ETCO2 waveform at any time. Clinical interventions related to respiratory depression were noted during the procedure, including the addition of or increase in the flow rate of supplemental oxygen, the use of a bag-valve mask apparatus, airway repositioning, or stimulation to induce breathing. After the procedure, patients were asked if they experienced pain during the procedure and had recall of the procedure. Physicians were asked to describe any adverse events or the occurrence of recovery agitation. Results: One-hundred patients were enrolled; 97 underwent sedation and were included in the analysis. Fifty patients received propofol and 47 received ketamine. Subclinical respiratory depression was seen in 20 of 50 patients in the propofol group and 30 of 47 patients in the ketamine group (p = 0.019, effect size 22.8%; 95% CI = 4.0% to 43.6%). Clinical interventions related to respiratory depression were used in 26 of 50 propofol patients and 19 of 47 ketamine patients (p = 0.253, effect size = )13.7%; 95% CI = )33.8% to 6.4%). The median times of the procedures were 11 minutes (range = 4 to 33 minutes) for the ketamine group versus 10 minutes (range = 5 to 33 minutes) for the propofol group (p = 0.256). The median time to return to baseline mental status after the procedure was completed was 14 minutes (range = 2 to 47 minutes) for the ketamine group and 5 minutes (range = 1 to 32 minutes) for the propofol group (p < 0.001). Pain during the procedure was reported by 3 of 50 patients in the propofol group and 1 of 47 patients in the ketamine group (effect size = )3.9%, 95% confidence interval [CI] = )11.9 to 4.1). Recall of some part of the procedure was reported by 4 of 50 patients in the propofol group and 6 of 47 patients in the ketamine group (effect size = 4.8%, 95% CI = )7.6% to 17.1%). Forty-eight of 50 procedures were successful in the propofol group and 43 of 47 in the ketamine group (p = 0.357, effect size = 0.3%; 95% CI = )7.8% to 8.4%). Recovery agitation was reported in 4 of 50 in the propofol group and 17 of 47 in the ketamine group (effect size = 28.2%, 95% CI = 12.4% to 43.9%). Conclusions: This study detected a higher rate of subclinical respiratory depression in patients in the ketamine group than the propofol group. There was no difference in the rate of clinical interventions related to respiratory depression, pain, or recall of the procedure between the groups. Recovery agitation was seen more frequently in patients receiving ketamine than in those receiving propofol. The time to regain baseline mental status was longer in the ketamine group than the propofol group. This study suggests that the use of either ketamine or propofol is safe and effective for procedural sedation in the ED. © 2010 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.
Sleep deprivation in depression$$$ Sleep deprivation (SD) is a powerful antidepressant treatment that shows antidepressant responses within hours in 40-60% of depressed patients. In more than 80% of responders to SD, a relapse into depression occurred after the recovery night. In addition, it serves as an excellent tool to examine the neurobiological disturbance of depression and may profoundly contribute to the development of new specific and more rapidly acting antidepressants. The reason why SD works and relapses occur is still unclear. A key to solve this problem is to include the current knowledge about the neurobiological disturbance of depression in research, with a focus on neurobiological aspects of sleep and SD (sleep EEG, neuroendocrinology, neurochemistry and chronobiology). Based on findings from these different areas, different strategies to stabilize the antidepressant effect of SD have been applied. This article provides an overview of clinical and neurobiological responses related to SD in depression. © 2010 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Antidepressants and suicide risk: A comprehensive overview$$$ The annual worldwide suicide rate currently averages approximately 13 per 100,000 individuals per year (0.013% per year), with higher average rates for men than for women in all but a few countries, very low rates in children, and relatively high rates in elderly men. Suicide rates vary markedly between countries, reflecting in part differences in case-identification and reporting procedures. Rates of attempted suicide in the general population average 20-30 times higher than rates of completed suicide, but are probably under-reported. Research on the relationship between pharmacotherapy and suicidal behavior was rare until a decade ago. Most ecological studies and large clinical studies have found that a general reduction in suicide rates is significantly correlated with higher rates of prescribing modern antidepressants. However, ecological, cohort and case-control studies and data from brief, randomized, controlled trials in patients with acute affective disorders have found increases, particularly in young patients and particularly for the risk of suicide attempts, as well as increases in suicidal ideation in young patients. Whether antidepressants are associated with specific aspects of suicidality (e.g., higher rates of completed suicide, attempted suicide and suicidal ideation) in younger patients with major affective disorders remains a highly controversial question. In light of this gap this paper analyzes research on the relationship between suicidality and antidepressant treatment. © 2010 by the authors licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
Transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Progression of Parkinson's disease (PD) is characterised by motor deficits which eventually respond less to dopaminergic therapy and thus pose a therapeutic challenge. Deep brain stimulation has proven efficacy but carries risks and is not possible in all patients. Non-invasive brain stimulation has shown promising results and may provide a therapeutic alternative. Objective: To investigate the efficacy of transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in the treatment of PD. Design: Randomised, double blind, sham controlled study. Setting: Research institution. Methods: The efficacy of anodal tDCS applied to the motor and prefrontal cortices was investigated in eight sessions over 2.5 weeks. Assessment over a 3 month period included timed tests of gait (primary outcome measure) and bradykinesia in the upper extremities, Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), Serial Reaction Time Task, Beck Depression Inventory, Health Survey and self-assessment of mobility. Results: Twenty-five PD patients were investigated, 13 receiving tDCS and 12 sham stimulation. tDCS improved gait by some measures for a short time and improved bradykinesia in both the on and off states for longer than 3 months. Changes in UPDRS, reaction time, physical and mental well being, and self-assessed mobility did not differ between the tDCS and sham interventions. Conclusion: tDCS of the motor and prefrontal cortices may have therapeutic potential in PD but better stimulation parameters need to be established to make the technique clinically viable. This study was publicly registered (clinicaltrials.org: NCT00082342).
Depression in Alzheimer's disease. Pathophysiology, diagnosis, and treatment$$$ Depression is a comorbid condition in Alzheimer's disease (AD) with negative consequences in patients and caregivers. Pathophysiology and optimal treatment are matters to be elucidated. A search of articles dealing with depression in AD was conducted in MEDLINE with special attention to epidemiology, pathophysiology, and treatment. Depression may predate dementia and tends to occur in up to 50% of AD patients with a decrease of noradrenalin and serotonin in the brain being the most plausible cause. Only 7 small double-blind randomized placebo-controlled clinical trials with antidepressants in AD patients with depression were found: 4 with sertraline, 1 with fluoxetine, 1 with imipramine, and another one with clomipramine. The total number of treated patients was 318. The weighted odds ratio (OR) was calculated with the method of Mantel-Haenszel. Both tricyclic antidepressants and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are better than placebo in treating depression in AD (weighted OR: 1.82, 95% CI: 1.13-2.96), with sertraline being one of the most used drugs. The differences were significant in 2 trials and not significant in four. The magnitude of effect is globally modest. Moreover, it is noteworthy mentioning the high rates of response to placebo in most studies. Depression is one of the most frequent behavioral symptoms in AD. Although antidepressants may work in AD, given the small number of patients treated, the effect is unclear. Further large randomized controlled clinical trials are warranted in order to know the best drug to begin with and the actual degree of efficacy. © 2010 IOS Press and the authors. All rights reserved.
Atypical antipsychotics and other therapeutic options for treatment of resistant major depressive disorder$$$ Antidepressant therapies, such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), are current first-line treatments for Major Depressive Disorder. However, over 50% of treated patients show an inadequate response to initial antidepressant therapy. If the therapeutic outcomes from two antidepressant therapies are suboptimal, potentially resulting in Treatment Resistant Depression, subsequent strategies include switching to another antidepressant or augmenting treatment by combining with other agents. When combined with SSRIs, atypical antipsychotics have supplementary action on dopaminergic and noradrenergic systems. Studies on combined treatment with atypical antipsychotics have shown significantly increased remission rates, shortened response times, and favorable side effects. Augmentation of antidepressants with atypical antipsychotics is now an acceptable treatment strategy which leads to increased remission rates and better outcomes for patients. © 2010 by the authors; licensee MDPI, Basel, Switzerland.
The effectiveness of continuation-maintenance ECT in reducing depressed older patients' hospital re-admissions$$$ Background: We report on the outcomes in aged patients with severe, treatment-resistant depression or psychosis who were given ongoing outpatient continuation-maintenance ECT of varying duration to prevent remission and relapse following a successful course of acute ECT. Methods: A retrospective chart review of 58 consecutive patients of three Australian aged psychiatry services comparing the number and length of psychiatric admissions before and after the start of continuation-maintenance ECT. Results: Four patients had only one treatment and two received over 50 (mean 14.7). Five were still enrolled in a maintenance program two years later. In the two years after continuation-maintenance ECT started, admissions fell by 53% in number and 79% in duration compared with the previous two years. Within the actual treatment period which varied from one patient to another, admissions fell by 90% in number and 97% in duration compared with the same period beforehand. Conclusion: A treatment effect cannot be proven but the severity and chronicity of patients' conditions make placebo effects and spontaneous remission unlikely. Randomised, controlled trials are almost impossible in this setting and so carefully conducted reviews and case-control studies are still of value. Our findings suggest that continuation-maintenance ECT is effective in carefully selected patients at high risk of relapse. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
An endocrine perspective on the role of steroid hormones in the antidepressant treatment efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Evidence from recent meta-analyses indicates that transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is moderately effective in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). Individual differences in the susceptibility to TMS are suggested to underlie a significant portion of the variability in antidepressant efficacy observed in TMS trials. Interestingly, recent findings suggest a moderating role for steroid hormones in the antidepressant efficacy of TMS in women. Steroid hormones are known to have strong activational and organizational influences on the brain and may upregulate the efficacy of TMS by way of modulating cortical excitability in a sex-dependent manner. Here we propose that the measurement and manipulation of steroid hormones could be crucial steps in the development of successful individually based TMS protocols for the treatment of MDD. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Illicit anabolic-androgenic steroid use$$$ The anabolic-androgenic steroids (AAS) are a family of hormones that includes testosterone and its derivatives. These substances have been used by elite athletes since the 1950s, but they did not become widespread drugs of abuse in the general population until the 1980s. Thus, knowledge of the medical and behavioral effects of illicit AAS use is still evolving. Surveys suggest that many millions of boys and men, primarily in Western countries, have abused AAS to enhance athletic performance or personal appearance. AAS use among girls and women is much less common. Taken in supraphysiologic doses, AAS show various long-term adverse medical effects, especially cardiovascular toxicity. Behavioral effects of AAS include hypomanic or manic symptoms, sometimes accompanied by aggression or violence, which usually occur while taking AAS, and depressive symptoms occurring during AAS withdrawal. However, these symptoms are idiosyncratic and afflict only a minority of illicit users; the mechanism of these idiosyncratic responses remains unclear. AAS users may also ingest a range of other illicit drugs, including both "body image" drugs to enhance physical appearance or performance, and classical drugs of abuse. In particular, AAS users appear particularly prone to opioid use. There may well be a biological basis for this association, since both human and animal data suggest that AAS and opioids may share similar brain mechanisms. Finally, AAS may cause a dependence syndrome in a substantial minority of users. AAS dependence may pose a growing public health problem in future years but remains little studied. © 2009 Elsevier Inc.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treats postpartum depression$$$ Background: Postpartum depression (PPD) is a prevalent illness, affecting 10-15% of new mothers. PPD is the most common complication of childbirth and is a significant public health concern. It is known to adversely impact maternal-infant bonding, childrearing practices, and can lead to suicide and infanticide. The current treatment approaches to PPD are suboptimal. Many mothers are reluctant to take medication because of concerns about side effects or exposure of their newborn infant through breastfeeding. The specific aims of this study were to (1) examine acute treatment effectiveness, (2) examine response durability, and (3) assess an effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on maternal bonding. Methods: Nine antidepressant-free women with PPD were given 20 rTMS treatments over 4 weeks (10 Hz, 120% motor threshold, left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex). Multiple characteristics were assessed at baseline and throughout treatment. Duration of effect was assessed at 30 days, 3 months and 6 months posttreatment. Results: Friedman's tests were conducted on Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression-24 item (HRSD-24), Edinburgh Postnatal Depression Scale (EPDS), Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self-Report (IDS-SR) and Clinical Global Impressions-Severity (CGI-S) scores to compare performances at four time points (baseline, end of Week 2, end of Week 4, and 180-day follow-up). Overall, these results revealed a significant reduction in depressive symptoms by the end of Week 2 of treatment. Analyses yielded a medium effect size (r = 0.68) on the primary outcome variable (HRSD-24). Of note, all nine patients remained in treatment for the complete 4 weeks, did not miss any treatment sessions and eight participants achieved remission of symptoms, defined as a HRSD < 10 and a CGI-S = 1. Analysis of follow-up data indicated robustness of the rTMS treatment over time. At 6-month follow-up, of the eight women that remitted, seven remained in remission without further psychiatric intervention, including the addition of medication and one was lost to follow-up. Results also indicated a significant improvement in bonding. Conclusions: Our results demonstrate promising results for the use of rTMS in the treatment of PPD. Further randomized, sham-controlled studies need to be completed. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The use of background EEG activity to determine stimulus timing as a means of improving rTMS efficacy in the treatment of depression: A controlled comparison with standard techniques$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment of depression utilizes numerous predetermined patterns of stimulation. As an alternative to using invariant stimulus timing parameters, the interactive technique delivers individual stimuli based on the background electroencephalogram (EEG) activity. Objective: This study examines the use of an EEG-dependent technique as a means to enhance the efficacy of rTMS in the treatment of depression. Methods: Forty-four patients with treatment-refractory major depression were treated, in a randomized, doubleblind, 4-week trial, with two different rTMS stimulus timing techniques (left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex). Standard rTMS utilized 10-Hz stimuli, whereas interactive rTMS applied individual stimuli in response to a selected pattern of background EEG activity analyzed in real time. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and the Beck's Depression Inventory-II (BDI) scores were recorded at baseline, 2 weeks and after the final treatment. Results: The interactive group showed a trend toward greater efficacy than the standard group in both absolute (t = -1.68; P = .100) and percentage (t = -1.74; P = .090) change in scores on HDRS (and similarly BDI). The response rate (>50% reduction) for the interactive technique of 43% (9/21) was also different to that of the standard technique (22%; 5/23; odds ratio: 2.70). Conclusions: The use of EEG-based TMS stimuli has been shown to be feasible in an rTMS clinical trial in treatment-resistant depression. The EEG-based interactive technique was associated with an indication of a trend toward a greater clinical effect than the standard rTMS technique. The interactive technique thus has the potential to refine the rTMS methodology and to enhance efficacy in the treatment of depression. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of intravenous antidepressant drugs on the excitability of human motor cortex: a study with paired magnetic stimulation on depressed patients$$$ Background: The effect of various drugs was investigated by using transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) both in healthy subjects and patients, and the results indicated an influence of antidepressant drugs (ADs) on motor excitability. Objective: The aim of our study was to analyze the effects of two ADs, the tricyclic (TCA) clomipramine and the serotoninergic antidepressant (SSRI) citalopram on the motor cortex excitability in major depressed patients with TMS. Methods: Thirty affected subjects were placed into three groups: two received an intravenous dose of 25 mg clomipramine or 40 mg citalopram, and one received an injection of a placebo. Motor cortex excitability was studied by single and paired TMS before and after 3.5, 8, and 24 hours from administration of the drugs and placebo. Motor cortical excitability was measured using different TMS parameters: resting motor threshold (RMT), motor-evoked potential (MEP) amplitude, intracortical inhibition (ICI), and intracortical facilitation (ICF). Results: The results indicated a temporary but significant increase of RMT and ICI and a decrease of ICF after the administration of both drugs, with a longer inhibition for the clomipramine rather than the citalopram. MEP amplitude was not significantly affected by the antidepressant injections. Conclusions: Our findings highlight that a single intravenous dose of clomipramine or citalopram exerts a significant but transitory suppression of motor cortex excitability in depressed patients. TMS represents a useful research tool in assessing the effects of motor cortical excitability of drugs used in the treatment of mental disorders. © 2010 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Lithium's emerging role in the treatment of refractory major depressive episodes: Augmentation of antidepressants$$$ Background: The late onset of therapeutic response and a relatively large proportion of nonresponders to antidepressants remain major concerns in clinical practice. Therefore, there is a critical need for effective medication strategies that augment treatment with antidepressants. Methods: To review the available evidence on the use of lithium as an augmentation strategy to treat depressive episodes. Results: More than 30 open-label studies and 10 placebo-controlled double-blind trials have demonstrated substantial efficacy of lithium augmentation in the acute treatment of depressive episodes. Most of these studies were performed in unipolar depression and included all major classes of antidepressants, however mostly tricyclics. A meta-analysis including 10 randomized placebo-controlled trials has provided evidence that lithium augmentation has a statistically significant effect on the response rate compared to placebo with an odds ratio of 3.11, which corresponds to a number-needed-to-treat of 5. The meta-analysis revealed a mean response rate of 41.2% in the lithium group and 14.4% in the placebo group. One placebo-controlled trial in the continuation treatment phase showed that responders to acute-phase lithium augmentation should be maintained on the lithium-antidepressant combination for at least 12 months to prevent early relapses. Preliminary studies to assess genetic influences on response probability to lithium augmentation have suggested a predictive role of the -50T/C single nucleotide polymorphism of the GSK3β gene. Conclusion: Augmentation of antidepressants with lithium is currently the best-evidenced augmentation therapy in the treatment of depressed patients who do not respond to antidepressants. © 2010 S. Karger AG.
Right and left dorsolateral pre-frontal rTMS treatment of refractory depression: A randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ We conducted a prospective, randomized, sham-controlled, double blind, parallel group study of right or left pre-frontal rTMS in 48 subjects with medication-resistant depression. Two thousand (50 × 8. -. s trains of 5. Hz) stimuli at MEP threshold were delivered each weekday for 2. weeks. We employed a sham coil and simultaneous electrical stimulation of the scalp to simulate rTMS. Mean (±S.D.) reductions in the HAMD-24 from baseline to 3-months were not significantly different between rTMS and sham treatment groups. However, right cranial stimulation (sham or rTMS) was significantly more effective than left cranial stimulation (sham or rTMS) (P=0.012). Mean (± S.D.) reductions in the HAMD from baseline to 3. months were: left: 28.1 (± 5.36) to 19.2 (± 11.2); and right 27.2 (± 4.2) to 11.5 (± 9.4). Left rTMS achieved a reduction in HAMD 9.5 points greater than that achieved by left sham, a benefit greater than that reported in a recent multi-center Phase III trial of rTMS (O'Reardon et al., 2007), albeit not statistically significant. These results suggest that somatosensory stimuli that repeatedly engage the left hemisphere may be important to the achievement of therapeutic effect. © 2010.
High-frequency rTMS treatment increases left prefrontal myo-inositol in young patients with treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Neuroimaging studies suggest that the prefrontal cortex (PFC) is involved in the pathophysiology of major depression. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as an antidepressant intervention has increasingly been investigated in the last two decades. In this study metabolic changes within PFC of severely depressed patients before and after rTMS were evaluated by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H-MRS). Method: Thirty-four young depressed patients with treatment-resistant unipolar depression were enrolled in a double-blind, randomized study active ((n = 19) vs. sham(n = 15)), and the PFC was investigated before and after high-frequency (15. Hz) rTMS using 3-tesla proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy. Response was defined as a 50% reduction of the Hamilton depression rating scale. The results were compared with 28 age- and gender-matched healthy controls. Results: In depressive patients a significant reduction in myo-inositol (m-Ino) was observed pre-rTMS (p< 0.001). After successful treatment, m-Ino increased significantly in left PFC and the levels no longer differed from those of age-matched controls. In addition to a positive correlation between clinical improvement and an increment in m-Ino ratio, a correlation between clinical improvement and early age onset was observed. Conclusions: Our results support the notion that major depressive disorder is accompanied by state-dependent metabolic alterations, especially in myo-inositol metabolism, which can be partly reversed by successful rTMS. © 2010 Elsevier Inc.
Effectiveness of an intervention led by lay health counsellors for depressive and anxiety disorders in primary care in Goa, India (MANAS): A cluster randomised controlled trial$$$ Background Depression and anxiety disorders are common mental disorders worldwide. The MANAS trial aimed to test the eff ectiveness of an intervention led by lay health counsellors in primary care settings to improve outcomes of people with these disorders. Methods In this cluster randomised trial, primary care facilities in Goa, India, were assigned (1:1) by computergenerated randomised sequence to intervention or control (enhanced usual care) groups. All adults who screened positive for common mental disorders were eligible. The collaborative stepped-care intervention off ered case management and psychosocial interventions, provided by a trained lay health counsellor, supplemented by antidepressant drugs by the primary care physician and supervision by a mental health specialist. The research assessor was masked. The primary outcome was recovery from common mental disorders as defi ned by the International Statistical Classifi cation of Diseases and Related Health Problems-10th revision (ICD-10) at 6 months. This study is registered with ClinicalTrials.gov, number NCT00446407. Findings 24 study clusters, with an equal proportion of public and private facilities, were randomised equally between groups. 1160 of 1360 (85%) patients in the intervention group and 1269 of 1436 (88%) in the control group completed the outcome assessment. Patients with ICD-10-confi rmed common mental disorders in the intervention group were more likely to have recovered at 6 months than were those in the control group (n=620 [65•0%] vs 553 [52•9%]; risk ratio 1•22, 95% CI 1•00-1•47; risk diff erence=12•1%, 95% CI 1•6%-22•5%). The intervention had strong evidence of an eff ect in public facility attenders (369 [65•9%] vs 267 [42•5%], risk ratio 1•55, 95% CI 1•02-2•35) but no evidence for an eff ect in private facility attenders (251 [64•1%] vs 286 [65•9%], risk ratio 0•95, 0•74-1•22). There were three deaths and four suicide attempts in the collaborative stepped-care group and six deaths and six suicide attempts in the enhanced usual care group. None of the deaths were from suicide. Interpretation A trained lay counsellor-led collaborative care intervention can lead to an improvement in recovery from CMD among patients attending public primary care facilities. Funding The Wellcome Trust. © 2010 Elsevier Ltd.
A randomized study of the serum pharmacokinetics of lower thoracic extended-release epidural morphine (DepoDur®) after lidocaine-epinephrine test dose administration in patients undergoing upper abdominal surgery$$$ Objective: The primary objective was to evaluate the serum pharmacokinetic profile of a single 15-mg dose of extended-release epidural morphine (EREM) administered at the lower thoracic epidural space alone or following a lidocaine-epinephrine test dose in patients undergoing major upper abdominal surgery. Materials and methods: This randomized, open-label study recruited men and women ≥ 18 years of age scheduled for major upper abdominal surgery. Patients were randomly assigned to 1 of 5 treatment groups and were administered a single 15-mg dose of EREM or EREM preceded by a 3 ml lidocaine (1.5%)/epinephrine (1:200,000) test dose with or with out a saline flush: EREM alone; test dose + flush + 3-minute wait + EREM; test dose + flush + 10-minute wait + EREM; test dose + flush + 15-minute wait + EREM; or test dose + 3-minute wait + EREM. EREM was administered at the lower thoracic epidural intervertebral space (T8 - T12) approximately 30 minutes before the surgical incision. Noncompartmental pharmacokinetic parameters were determined based on the serum concentration-time profiles of morphine and morphine metabolites. Effectiveness and safety were also assessed. Results: The intent-to-treat and safety populations included 39 patients; the pharmacokinetic population included 37 patients. Administration of EREM 3 minutes after a lidocaine-epinephrine test dose, with or without a flush, resulted in an increased mean maximum serum concentration of morphine (Cmax; flush, 30.2 ± 8.5 ng/ml; no flush, 25.6 ± 10.1 ng/ml; EREM alone, 11.5 ± 7.3 ng/ml) and a decreased median time to Cmax (tmax; flush, 0.2 h; no flush, 0.2 h; EREM alone, 2.0 h) compared with administration of EREM alone, with out affecting relative morphine bioavailability. Flushing the catheter and waiting 15 minutes normalized the Cmax (11.4 ± 6.4 ng/ml) but not the me dian tmax (0.5 h). There were no significant group differences in safety, tolerability, or analgesic effectiveness. Conclusions: The interaction between EREM and a lidocaine-epinephrine test dose administered at T8 - T12 can be minimized by waiting 15 minutes after test dose administration. The over all safety and effectiveness of 15 mg EREM administered at the lower thoracic epidural intervertebral space in patients undergoing major upper abdominal surgery appears similar to that observed in previous studies assessing lumbar administration. © 2009 Dustri-Verlag Dr. K. Feistle.
Treatment-resistant bipolar depression: Towards a new definition$$$ Pacchiarotti I, Mazzarini L, Colom F, Sanchez-Moreno J, Girardi P, Kotzalidis GD, Vieta E. Treatment-resistant bipolar depression: towards a new definition.Objective: To summarize the conceptual and operational definitions of treatment-resistant bipolar depression and to review the evidence-based therapeutic options. Method: Structured searches of PubMed, Index Medicus, Excerpta Medica and Psyclit conducted in December 2008. Results: Criteria for treatment resistance in bipolar depression are commonly based on concepts stemming from treatment resistance as defined for unipolar depression, an approach that proved to be inadequate. In fact, the addition of an ad hoc criterion based on lithium and other mood stabilizer unresponsiveness after reaching adequate plasma levels appears to be a patch that attempts to take into account the uniqueness of bipolar depression but fails to become operational. Recent data from randomized clinical trials of new anticonvulsants and second-generation antipsychotics should lead to the development of a modern definition of treatment-resistant bipolar depression, and specific therapeutic algorithms. Conclusion: We suggest a redefinition of resistant bipolar I and II depression. We propose different degrees of severity within bipolar depression in a stepwise manner. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Analysis of individual patient data from clinical trials: Epidural morphine for postoperative pain$$$ Background. Individual patient information from clinical trials is infrequently available, but can provide insights for clinical trials and practice.Methods. We analysed individual patient information from five randomized trials (913 patients) of i.v. patient-controlled analgesia (IVPCA) plus epidural placebo, morphine sulphate (MS) 5 mg, or extended-release epidural morphine (EREM; DepoDur™) at doses of 5-30 mg, to explore effects of a range of epidural morphine doses. Pain and opioid requirement on first and second postoperative days, dose-response, clinically relevant comparisons of IVPCA without epidural morphine, 5 mg MS, and 10 mg EREM, and relationship between patient rating and other measures were described. Results. There were three strong findings. Epidural morphine resulted in greater patient satisfaction, despite higher rates of adverse events. Those describing their analgesic medication as 'very good' or 'excellent' used IVPCA opioid less and had pain scores significantly below the global mean, whereas those describing their medication as 'poor' or 'fair' had pain scores significantly above the mean. Epidural morphine meant less need for postoperative IVPCA opioid than epidural placebo. The therapeutic gain with EREM was lower pain scores with less IVPCA opioid. Moderate or severe pruritus was more common with IVPCA plus epidural morphine, whatever the formulation, compared with IVPCA plus placebo. Conclusions. Analysis of individual patient data from high-quality clinical trials provides important insights into characteristics of new agents not immediately apparent from original trials, and also informing clinical practice. Prophylactic epidural morphine provides a better patient experience than IVPCA alone.
Non-motor features of Parkinson's disease: depression and dementia$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease and primarily considered as a movement disorder defined by the presence of motor symptoms, such as bradykinesia, tremor and rigidity. However, it is nowadays widely recognized that in addition there is impairment of cognitive function, mood and the autonomic nervous system in a high percentage of PD patients, which is sometimes even more harming quality of life. These symptoms not only occur during the course of the disease but may even precede the onset of motor symptoms. Typical examples of non-motor features of PD are depression, constipation, REM sleep behaviour disorder, and hyposmia. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
ECT. A critical review of meta-analyses$$$ Background. This review is aimed to analize meta-analyses relating ECT in order to evaluate efficacy and safety of this tool compared to sham ECT, placebo as well as psychopharmacology. Methods. Systematic reviews cited in PubMed, using specific subsets. Results. The meta-analyses agree in outstanding the clinical effectiveness of ECT compared to other kinds of therapy. The main conclusion of the present work, which is related to the safety of this tool would like to reduce the warnings about ECT These conclusions at present still lack of good quality evidence. Discussion. ECT nowadays is still a tool lacking of quality evidence, but it looks of relevant effectiveness and safety. Because of this, ECT as a technique should get more attention in clinical research and moreover in clinical practice.
[Relapse rate within 6 months after successful ECT: a naturalistic prospective peer- and self-assessment analysis].$$$ Up to 100% relapse rate after successful electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) poses a challenge for patients and psychiatrists. The aim of the study was to evaluate the outcome of patients affected by major depression after the successful course of acute ECT. 84 patients recruited in a randomized double blind multicenter study designed to investigate the optimal stimulation placement in acute ECT had a follow up under naturalistic conditions between the 5th and 7th month. Outcome, maintenance therapy and patients; attitude were evaluated with semi structured questionnaires by patients and the study raters. 82.14% (68/84) questionnaires of the patients and 83.3% (70/84) of the rater were returned. 98% of the patients had at least one antidepressant; only in 23% (20/68) lithium was prescribed. 35% (7/20) of the patients with lithium and 57% (16/28) without lithium had a relapse within the first 6 months (OR 0.6) in a median of 2.5 months. Only one institution offered maintenance ECT in 8.3% (7/84) patients. For 52.2% of the patients ECT was a helpful treatment an 49.3% would recommend the therapy to their relatives. The vast majority (59.4%) wishes a better information about the ECT and 21.4% feel frightening about the therapy. The results show a high relapse rate and highlight the meaning of maintenance medication especially for a lithium combination therapy, as stated before. In regard to the subjective sensation the patients claim a better education about the ECT and anyway one of four patients feel frightening about the therapy.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of psychiatric disorders$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is an emerging novel treatment modality for psychiatric disorders, particularly major depression. A device for delivery of TMS was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration for treatment of major depressive disorder in adults. TMS is being studied for a variety of psychiatric disorders, including obsessivecompulsive disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder, and auditory hallucinations in schizophrenia. In this article, we describe TMS and its neurobiologic basis, as well as the efficacy and safety data of TMS with regard to a range of psychiatric disorders. © 2009 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Measuring electroencephalographic seizure adequacy during electroconvulsive therapy: A comparison of 2 definitions$$$ The second edition of The ECT Handbook of the Royal College of Psychiatrists gives importance to the pattern of electroencephalographic (EEG) seizure rather than to the duration for measuring seizure adequacy. We examined the potential effect of this change in definition by estimating the restimulation rates in electroconvulsive therapy. The new definition of EEG seizure was applied to 102 computerized EEG recordings obtained during electroconvulsive therapy sessions in an academic institute in India. The EEGs were read by 2 independent researchers blind to each other's ratings and blind to the motor seizure status. All 41 seizures considered "adequate" by the old definition also satisfied the new definition. Only 1 (2%) of the 58 "inadequate" seizures by the old definition was found to be adequate by the new definition. We had a very good interrater agreement on this reclassification (κ = 0.86). In this sample, a seizure with polyspikes and a 3-Hz activity (new definition) tended to last longer than 25 seconds (old definition), satisfying both definitions. An estimated 2% of the patients with adequate seizures could have been restimulated during the study period. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A randomized controlled study of sequentially applied repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Objective: The present study investigated possible therapeutic effects and safety of sequentially combined low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and supplementary motor area in patients with treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder. Method: Between February 2007 and January 2008, we carried out a study with a rater-blinded, sham-controlled design in which 20 patients with treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder, confirmed by a psychiatrist after use of the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV Axis I Disorders-Clinician Version, were randomly assigned to either active rTMS (n = 10) or sham treatment (n = 10). Over 10 days, rTMS of 1 Hz was given at 110% of the motor threshold for 20 minutes over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and sequentially at 1 Hz at 100% of the motor threshold for 20 minutes over the supplementary motor area. The primary outcome measure was the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS) score. Results: For the between-group analyses, there were no significant differences over 4 weeks between the active and sham groups on the YBOCS (F = 0.01, P = .92) and the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS; F = 0.39, P = .54). In repeated-measures analyses on all subjects, there was a significant effect of time on the YBOCS (F = 5.48, P = .009) and the MADRS (F = 6.55, P = .004). There were no significant group-by-time interactions for the YBOCS (F = 0.03, P = .94) or the MADRS (F = 0.09, P = .67). Conclusions: These findings suggest that 10 sessions of sequential rTMS of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and the supplementary motor area at low frequency had no therapeutic effect on obsessive-compulsive symptoms. However, rTMS was a safe method of treatment, and there was no significant change in cognitive function after rTMS. Further controlled studies using a more sophisticated sham system in larger samples are required to confirm the effect of rTMS in obsessive-compulsive disorder. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00932204 © 2009 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
The place of rTMS in the treatment of depressive disorder and a possibility of treatment response prediction - The Czech experience$$$ The article presents up-to-date information about rTMS studies in the treatment of depressive disorder and discusses the place of rTMS in the algorithms of treatment using own data. The authors present possibility to use QEEG cordance as a predictor of response to rTMS.
A new transmucosal drug delivery system for patients with breakthrough cancer pain: The fentanyl effervescent buccal tablet$$$ Breakthrough pain, a transitory severe pain with the background of otherwise controlled persistent pain has a prevalence between 52% and 67% in outpatients with cancer. Medications for such sudden-onset pain require non-invasive delivery of a potent and short-acting opioid for rapid pain relief. Although oral transmucosal delivery of fentanyl citrate (OTFC) has been shown to provide better pain relief than a typical oral opioid administration such as morphine sulfate immediate release (MSIR) in the management of breakthrough pain in patients with cancer-related pain, newer delivery systems offer a potential for further enhancement of pain relief. The fentanyl effervescent buccal tablet (FBT) formulation employs a novel drug delivery system that relies on an effervescence reaction to improve buccal fentanyl absorption. Using the effervescence reaction results in the production and dissipation of carbon dioxide with a dynamic shift in pH as the tablet dissolves. The induced low pH favors dissolution of fentanyl citrate in saliva (higher water solubility). The subsequent increase in pH thereafter favors the buccal absorption of non-ionized fentanyl across the buccal mucosa. Such a pH "pumping" mechanism increases the permeation of fentanyl into and through the buccal to the vascular system from where the agent is transported to the specific opioid receptor sites in the CNS. Compared with OTFC, data in healthy volunteers show that the effervescence reaction employed in FBT increases the total amount and the speed of absorption of fentanyl being absorbed. Compared with OTFC there is an increase in peak fentanyl blood concentrations, and an enhancement of the amount of buccal delivery of fentanyl. Such favorable data are underlined by the results of clinical studies where the FBT technology was studied in patients with breakthrough pain in chronic malignant pathologies. © 2009 Freye, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis of patients with depression$$$ Objective: To investigate the effects of sleep electroencephalogram-modulated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (SEM-rTMS) and conventional rTMS (C-rTMS) on the activity of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in patients with depression. Methods: In a double-blind, randomized controlled trial, 164 patients diagnosed with depression were randomized to treatment with SEM-rTMS (n=57), C-rTMS (n=55) or sham rTMS (n=52) for 30 min every day for 10 d. Before and after treatment plasma concentrations of adrenocorticotropic hormone (ACTH) and cortisol (CORT) were measured, and the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-24) was used for assessment. Results: The HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH and CORT concentrations of these depressive patients before treatment were significantly different from those of the normal control group (P<0.05). The HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH and CORT concentrations in the SEM-r TMS group and conventional rTMS group were decreased significantly (P<0.05). There was a significant positive correlation between the HAMD-24 scores and plasma ACTH (n=240, r=0.105, P=0.048) and CORT concentrations (n=240, r=0.126, P=0.023) in the patients with depression before and after treatment. Conclusion: The antidepressant effect of rTMS, including SEM-rTMS, may be related to its decreasing HPA axis activity. (This trail was registered. No: ChiCTR-TRC-00000465). © 2009 The Editorial Board of Journal of Medical Colleges of PLA.
Major depression during interferon-α treatment: Vulnerability and prevention$$$ Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) during interferon-α (IFN-α) treatment can occur within a few months of therapy, and shares many homologies with other forms of MDD. Most patients are resilient to the side effect of interferon-induced depression (IFN-MDD), but 15% to 40% are vulnerable. Several studies have employed antidepressants to prevent the incidence of an IFN-MDD episode, and the results suggest that prophylactic antidepressants may be specifically useful in those with pre-existing subthreshold depressive symptoms and/or a history of prior MDD episodes. Several other potential markers of vulnerability for IFN-MDD have been implicated in assessments of nondepressed patients before they start IFN-α. These include poor sleep quality, premorbid elevations in inflammatory cytokines, genetic polymorphisms in the serotonin system, personality, and social support. The interplay of these factors strongly predicts who is at risk for IFN-MDD, and indicates several potentially modifiable targets for the personalized prevention of IFN-MDD. © 2009 LLS SAS.
Severe depression: Pharmacological treatments$$$ Depression is a common illness with a large clinical phenotype, and clinicians have numerous guidelines to treat this disorder : many antidepressant drugs are available with different pharmacological profiles and stepped strategies are proposed to obtain a remission. It exists a relationship between baseline depression symptom severity and treatment response and patient with higher levels of severity received significantly more intervention visits, more months of antidepressant treatment and more antidepressant trials, but there is not accepted and consensual definition for severe depression. By using cut-off scores on rating scales severe depression is at one extreme of a continuum of severity (but scales which serve for quantifying the intensity of the depression with thresholds present an interest and also limits, in the current practice, they are rarely used), in the other hand some symptoms contributes to severity (psychotics features, suicidal ideation), evolution and prognosis is a part of severity too (recurrences, chronicity), severe depression can influence a somatic pathology contributing to severity (could be considered itself as a major risk factor) and have an impact on treatment outcome, finally by its role on morbi-mortality and handicap, depression is often a severe disorder. So, concerning the therapeutic choices, there are few data to choose specific options because the concept of severity in the depression is not still clearly defined in studies and few randomized contolled studies have been done in this indication and adapted to different modality of the severity expression. Symptom-free remission is a goal for treatment in severe depression, but complications have to be considered in medication algorithms. In this paper, we review the modalities of prescription of antidepressants according to these differences of the severity in depression. © L'Encéphale, 2009.
Maintenance pharmacotherapy for unipolar depression: Focus on efficacy$$$ Epidemiological studies have shown that a high risk of recurrence characterises unipolar depression. A long-term treatment is, therefore, indicated by the recent guidelines (such as the NICE 2007, APA 2000, and TMAP 2008) for patients who had three or more lifetime depressive episodes, and/or are affected by depression with psychotic features, or by suicidal ideation. It is also established that the same dose of antidepressant drug (AD) prescribed during acute and continuation phases should be maintained during the maintenance phase. Several papers, including meta-analytic studies, have shown that maintenance therapy reduces recurrence rates of about 70%, both in general practice and second-level settings. Besides ADs, lithium and antipsychotic drugs (particularly those belonging to second generation class) have been extensively evaluated for maintenance treatment. These two classes of drugs, however, are effective mainly when prescribed in association with ADs. The studies focusing on maintenance treatment in unipolar depression have some limitations. Poor compliance should be considered when recurrence occurs, even though also pharmacological factors could be considered, such as tachyphylaxis (e.g., loss of efficacy in a long-run). In any case, potential therapeutic strategy to prevent recurrences have been poorly studied (with the possible exception of antidepressant dose increase o reintroduction), therefore more studies are needed to better assess this issue. Recent reviews of literature suggest that all classes of ADs are effective for the treatment of depressive recurrences; however, clinical trials have been performed with a number of methodological biases. With regard to these issues, the PREVENT study (Prevention of Recurrent Episodes of Depression with VENlafaxine for Two Years) was the only trial so far performed using an original experimental design both in short as well as in long- term treatment. In conclusion, many evidences are available for an adequate long-term drug treatment of unipolar depression. However, more randomised controlled studies are need to better establish how to manage unipolar patients at high risk of recurrence and to explore the differences in the effectiveness among ADs in the long-term treatment of such patients.
Estrogen receptor neurobiology and its potential for translation into broad spectrum therapeutics for CNS disorders$$$ Estrogens are hormones that modulate a diverse array of effects during development and adulthood. The effects of estrogen are mediated by two estrogen receptor (ER) isotypes, ERα and ERβ, which classically function as transcription factors to modulate specific target gene expression and in addition regulate a growing list of intracellular signaling cascades. These receptors share protein sequence homology and protein-motif organization but have distinct differences in their tissue distribution and binding affinities for their ligands. In the nervous system estrogen has been implicated to play a role in a number of processes which regulate synaptic plasticity including synaptogenesis and neurogenesis. The role for estrogen in a range of neurological and neuropsychiatric diseases is also becoming very apparent. Estrogen is able to regulate processes and behaviours relevant for both Alzheimer's disease and schizophrenia and to modulate neuroendocrine and inflammatory processes important in neuroinflammation, anxiety and depressive disorders as well as chronic pain. We will consider the rationale for estrogen-based therapies for diseases of the nervous system. In particular we will high-light the molecular mechanisms and signal transduction pathways most likely underlying the effects of estrogen in the CNS. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Efficacy of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) for the treatment of fibromyalgia: Results of a randomized, sham-controlled longitudinal clinical trial$$$ Fibromyalgia has been recognized as a central pain disorder with evidence of neuroanatomic and neurophysiologic alterations. Previous studies with techniques of noninvasive brain stimulation - transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)--have shown that these methods are associated with a significant alleviation of fibromyalgia-associated pain and sleep dysfunction. Here we sought to determine whether a longer treatment protocol involving 10 sessions of 2 mA, 20 min tDCS of the left primary motor (M1) or dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) could offer additional, more long-lasting clinical benefits in the management of pain from fibromyalgia. Methods: Forty-one women with chronic, medically refractory fibromyalgia were randomized to receive 10 daily sessions of M1, DLPFC, or sham tDCS. Results: Our results show that M1 and DLPFC stimulation both display improvements in pain scores (VAS) and quality of life (FIQ) at the end of the treatment protocol, but only M1 stimulation resulted in long-lasting clinical benefits as assessed at 30 and 60 days after the end of treatment. Conclusions: This study demonstrates the importance of the duration of the treatment period, suggesting that 10 daily sessions of tDCS result in more long lasting outcomes than only five sessions. Furthermore, this study supports the findings of a similarly designed rTMS trial as both induce pain reductions that are equally long-lasting. © 2009 Nova Science Publishers, Inc.
Desvenlafaxine in major depressive disorder: An evidence-based review of its place in therapy$$$ Introduction: Desvenlafaxine, the active metabolite of venlafaxine, is a serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitor (SNRI) recently approved for the treatment of major depressive disorder. It is one of only three medications in this class available in the United States. Aims: The objective of this article is to review the published evidence for the safety and efficacy of desvenlafaxine, and to compare it to other antidepressants to delineate its role in the treatment of depression. Evidence review: At the recommended dose of 50 mg per day the rate of response and remission was similar to other SNRIs, as was the adverse effect profile. The rate of discontinuation was no greater than placebo, and a discontinuation syndrome was not observed at this dose. Higher doses were not associated with greater efficacy, but they did lead to more side effects, and the use of a taper prior to discontinuation. The most common side effects reported were insomnia, somnolence, dizziness, and nausea. Some subjects experienced clinically significant blood pressure elevation. Place in therapy: Like duloxetine, desvenlafaxine inhibits the reuptake of both norepinephrine and serotonin at the starting dose. Dual reuptake inhibitors have been shown to have small but statistically significantly greater rates of response and remission compared to selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and they have also shown early promise in the treatment of neuropathic pain. Desvenlafaxine may prove to be a valuable treatment option by expanding the limited number of available dual reuptake inhibitors. © 2009 Lieberman and Massey, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Modulation of sensory nerve function and the cough reflex: Understanding disease pathogenesis$$$ To cough is a protective defence mechanism that is vital to remove foreign material and secretions from the airways and which in the normal state serves its function appropriately. Modulation of the cough reflex pathway in disease can lead to inappropriate chronic coughing and an augmented cough response. Chronic cough is a symptom that can present in conjunction with a number of diseases including chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) and asthma, although often the cause of chronic cough may be unknown. As current treatments for cough have proved to exhibit little efficacy and are largely ineffective, there is a need to develop novel, efficacious and safe antitussive therapies. The underlying mechanisms of the cough reflex are complex and involve a network of events, which are not fully understood. It is accepted that the cough reflex is initiated following activation of airway sensory nerves. Therefore, in the hope of identifying novel antitussives, much research has focused on understanding the neural mechanisms of cough provocation. Experimentally this has been undertaken using chemical or mechanical tussive stimuli in conjunction with animal models of cough and clinical cough assessments. This review will discuss the neural mechanisms involved in the cough, changes that occur under pathophysiological conditions and and how current research may lead to novel therapeutic opportunities for the treatment of cough. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Treatment of non-motor symptoms of PD$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is classically considered a motor disorder; however, it is increasingly recognized that the nonmotor symptoms can often be more disabling than the motor symptoms. Non-motor symptoms can occur at any stage of the disease and increasing awareness and early treatment can improve quality of life in PD patients. The most common nonmotor symptoms include anxiety, depression, cognitive impairment, psychosis, sleep disorders, and autonomic disturbances. There is a lack of multi-center randomized controlled studies examining the impact of the non-motor symptoms of PD and the most effective treatment options which makes the treatment of these symptoms challenging in some patients. The most common treatment options include: 1. Anxiety: serotonin uptake inhibitors (SSRI), benzodiazepines and rarely quetiapine. 2. Depression: SSRI, tricyclics serotonin epinephrine uptake inhibitors and rarely dopamine agonists. Electroconvulsive therapy in resistant depression. 3. Cognitive impairment: Cholinesterase inhibitors like rivastigmine or donepezil and combination therapy with memantine. 4. Psychosis: Quetiapine and clozapine. 5. Sleep disturbances include: a. Noctural PD symptoms:long acting PD medications like sustained release carbidopa/levodopa, long acting ropinirole. b. Restless leg syndrome: dopamine agonists c. REM sleep disorders: clonazepam, melatonin d. Excessive day time sleepiness: modafinil, methylphenidate, amphetamine e. Insomnia: hypnotics, antidepressants like trazadone, mirtazepine 6. Autonomic disturbances include: a. Orthostatic hypotension: fludrocortisones, midodrine, ephedrine, physostigmine, erythropoietin b. Constipation: stool softeners, laxatives c. Excessive drooling: anticholinergics, glycopyrrolate, botulinium toxin injections.
Biological approaches to aphasia treatment$$$ In this review, we discuss the basic mechanisms of neural regeneration and repair and attempt to correlate findings from animal models of stroke recovery with clinical trials for aphasia. Several randomized controlled clinical trials involving manipulation of different neurotransmitter systems, including noradrenergic, dopaminergic, cholinergic, and glutamatergic systems, have shown signals of efficacy. Biological approaches such as anti-Nogo and cell replacement therapy have shown efficacy in preclinical models but have yet to reach proof of concept in the clinic. Finally, noninvasive cortical stimulation techniques have been used in a few small trials and have shown promising results. It appears that the efficacy of all these platforms can be potentiated through coupling with concomitant behavioral intervention. Given this array of potential mechanisms that exist to augment and/or stimulate neural reorganization after stroke, we are optimistic that approaches to aphasia therapy will transition from compensatory models to models in which brain reorganization is the goal. © Current Medicine Group, LLC 2009.
Mood disorders in elderly population: Neurostimulative treatment possibilities$$$ Treatment of mood disorders is one of the most challenging territories in elderly. Effectiveness of different treatment strategies could be related to age, sex and physical conditions. The side effect profile in this population also affects pharmacological interventions. Our review includes the neurostimulative treatment strategies in elderly. However, possible treatment strategies such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) and deep brain stimulation (DBS) were less studied in elderly. ECT was found to be an effective treatment procedure in mood disorders. Few double-blind sham controlled studies were conducted and demonstrated effectiveness of TMS. DBS has lack of double-blind studies. ECT seems to be the golden standard for the treatment resistant elderly patients, yet side effect profile of ECT in elderly will be discussed. Double -blind sham controlled studies with larger samples are necessary to confirm preliminary results with transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST) and VNS, DBS. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Clinical significance of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant depression: Synthesis of recent data$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a novel treatment for patients with major depressive disorder. Although clearly safer and better tolerated than many other pharmacotherapeutic options or electroconvulsive therapy, questions have persisted about the magnitude of the efficacy of TMS in patients with pharmacoresistant depression, and the clinical significance of these outcomes. Previous studies have explored whether specific patient characteristics are associated with a greater likelihood of clinical benefit. In the largest such analysis conducted to date, the authors confirmed previous observations that the lower the number of prior failed antidepressant treatments, the better the clinical outcome of treatment with TMS. This relationship between prior treatment resistance and subsequent treatment outcome is consistent with previous evidence from antidepressant studies. The authors examined the clinical significance of the treatment effects seen with TMS in pharmacoresistant major depression in their recently completed studies by comparing these outcomes with the results reported in several large, comprehensive published reference datasets of antidepressant medications studied in both treatment-responsive and treatment-resistant patient populations. The efficacy of TMS demonstrated in randomized controlled trials was comparable to that of pharmaceutical antidepressants studied in similarly designed registration trials and to the adjunctive use of atypical antipsychotic medications in controlled trials of antidepressant non-responders. These data may be helpful in treatment-planning decisions when using TMS in clinical practice. Copyright © 1964-2010 MedWorks Media Global, LLC. All rights reserved.
A review of depression in the head and neck cancer patient$$$ Head and neck cancer patients experience among the highest rates of major depressive disorder of all oncology patients with an incidence of 15-50%. Correct diagnosis is critical to expeditious management. Oncologists are not always adept at making the diagnosis as medical and treatment side effects can mimic the signs and symptoms of depression. Treatment can be successful and typically involves medical, social, and psychologic interventions. Causes of depression, obtaining an accurate diagnosis, and treatment options are all discussed in this review.
What is the case for prescribing long-acting opioids over short-acting opioids for patients with chronic pain? A critical review$$$ Introduction: Effective pain management requires appropriate patient assessment, ongoing reassessment, and an understanding of the options available for the treatment of patients with chronic pain. Opioids have long been an important option in the management of moderate to severe chronic pain, but optimal use requires understanding the variety of choices currently available. Methods: Literature search was carried out using PubMed. Search terms included "steady state," "pharmacokinetics," "pharmacodynamics," "chronic non-cancer pain," "sustained release opioid," "extended release opioid," "controlled release opioid," "morphine," "oxymorphone," "hydromorphone," "oxycodone," and " fentanyl.". Results: This search found 12 chronic pain studies that compared short- and long-acting opioids head-to-head. These were supplemented with representative studies from the chronic pain literature. Discussion: The objective of this article is to review clinical data for the use of long-acting and short-acting opioids in a variety of chronic noncancer pain conditions. Although some patients with chronic pain appear to prefer short-acting opioids, many patients receiving long-acting opioid formulations show improved treatment responses and better perception of quality of life. In addition, the sustained reductions in pain seen with long-acting opioid formulations may promote patients' focus on daily activities rather than on their pain, thereby improving therapy adherence and reducing pain-related anxieties. Conclusion: Long-term clinical trials of these formulations are needed to allow clinicians to make informed decisions about which patient groups might benefit most from these formulations. © 2009 World Institute of Pain.
Low frequency (1-Hz), right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) compared with venlafaxine ER in the treatment of resistant depression: A double-blind, single-centre, randomized study$$$ Background: Previous studies have shown effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of depression. This double-blind study compared efficacy of l Hz rTMS over the right prefrontal dorsolateral cortex with venlafaxine ER in the treatment of resistant depression. Methods: A total of 60 inpatients with depressive disorder (DSM-IV criteria), who previously did not respond to at least one antidepressant treatment, were randomly assigned to 1 Hz rTMS with placebo and venlafaxine ER with sham rTMS for 4 weeks. The primary outcome measure was score change in the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). We also used Clinical Global Impression (CGI) and Beck Depressive. Inventory-Short Form (BDI-SF). The response was defined as a ≥ 50% reduction of MADRS score. Results: There were no significant differences between treatment groups in MADRS (p = 0.38), BDI-SF (p = 0.56) and CGI (p = 0.17) scores from baseline to endpoint. Response rates for rTMS (33%) and venlafaxine (39%) as well as remission (MADRS score ≤ 10 points) rates (19% vs. 23%) and drop-out rate did not differ between treatment groups. There were significant reductions of MADRS, CGI and BDI-SF scores in both groups. Limitations: Small sample size. No placebo arm was included for ethical reasons, because both treatments have previously been reported to be more effective than placebo. Relatively short duration of antidepressant treatment. Conclusion: The findings of this study suggest that, at least in the acute treatment, the right sided rTMS produces clinically relevant reduction of depressive symptomatology in patients with resistant depression comparable to venlafaxine ER. Larger sample sizes are required to confirm these results. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
An estimate of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation placebo effect$$$ Rationale: Low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is emerging as a novel noninvasive therapeutic tool in epilepsy. In recent years, several open label trials have shown an encouraging reduction in seizure frequency in patients with epilepsy. However, the data from controlled trials are mixed with respect to antiepileptic rTMS efficacy, and would benefit from replication in further carefully-controlled trials. Towards this goal, an important experimental design accept is the choice of a suitable control intervention. Sham rTMS is possible with specially designed stimulation coils, but complete blinding of patients is difficult, particularly when multiple sessions of stimulation are applied. To facilitate future controlled rTMS clinical trials, we performed the present metanalysis to estimate the placebo effect of rTMS. Methods: Individual subject outcome data from three published placebo-controlled rTMS trials (Theodore et al., 2002, Fregni et al., 2006 and Cantello et al., 2007) were systematically analyzed to calculate median reduction in seizure frequency. The data were then pooled to estimate an overall median change in seizure frequency at follow-up intervals of 2, 4 and 8 weeks after placebo rTMS treatment. Results: Three mehods for sham rTMS were employed: (1) coil positioning orthogonal to the scalp (Theodore et al., 2002), (2) a springloaded sham coil (Fregni et al., 2006), and (3) a double active-sham coil (Cantello et al., 2007). Although three individual methods for sham rTMS were employed, the placebo response was overall similar across studies (Kruskal-Wallis p>0.2). Overall median change in seizure frequency was 2% at 2 weeks (n=63; 95% CI -4.3 to 19.3) 0% at 4 weeks (n=63; 95% CI -12.5 to 10.4) and 0% at 8 weeks 8 (n=20; 95% CI -30.2 to 13.5). Conclusions: We find a small consistent rTMS placebo effect as indexed by median seizure frequency is identified at 2, 4 and 8 weeks following stimulation. This approximation may be factored into future rTMS study design, particularly when calculation of sample size is required. Our observation that seizure frequency change in similar across distinct placebo rTMS methods suggests that the placebo effect on seizure frequency may not depend on the placebo coil design, but may instead relate to other elements of the rTMS procedure. Interestingly, placebo effects associated with rTMS may be dependent on the condition being studied as a recent meta-analysis showed that placebo rTMS in major depression has a large effect size (Brunoni, Fregni, 2009).
Update on geriatric psychiatry$$$ The American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry (AAGP) Annual Meeting is the premier educational program focused solely on late-life mental illness. The AAGP Annual meeting provides the latest information on clinical care, research innovations and models of care delivery. The theme this year was 'Preparing for a Rising Tide: The Changing Face of Mental Health Practice as Baby Boomers Age.' Over 800 psychiatrists, psychologists, nurses and other professionals in late-life mental healthcare convened in sunny Hawaii on the 5-8 March for the 2009 AAGP Annual Meeting, an educational conference featuring the latest research and clinical updates in geriatric psychiatry, solutions for tomorrow's challenges and networking opportunities. The program was chaired by William McDonald, with the participation of the immediate past-president Bruce G Pollock. © 2009 Future Medicine Ltd.
Relapse rates with long-term antidepressant drug therapy: A meta-analysis$$$ Background: Several long-term double-blind placebo controlled trials have shown prophylactic antidepressant therapy in unipolar depression. The goal of this work was to conduct a meta-analysis that would incorporate the most recent trials and evaluate their overall level of efficacy and relapse prevention over time. Methods: We performed a comprehensive literature search. The extracted data from selected studies were used to construct a regression model and evaluate the effect of treatment, time on medication, severity of illness, age, gender, and number of previous episodes. Results: Across 11 maintenance treatment studies, the relapse rate was significantly different at 1 year for active drug (23%) versus placebo (51%). In addition, time on medication significantly affected the relapse rate. Conclusion: Prophylactic antidepressant drug therapy appears efficacious in preventing future relapses across a range of illness severity as well as age. More studies are needed to explore the effects of various acute antidepressant strategies and the direct influence of treatment resistance on relapse outcomes. Copyright © 2009 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Current perspectives in the treatment of resistant schizophrenia$$$ This article summarizes the current knowledge base on the diagnosis and management of treatment resistant schizophrenia. While the prevalence of treatment resistant schizophrenia is definition dependent, estimates have ranged from 30% to up to 60%. This article first looks into the various diagnostic criteria of treatment resistant schizophrenia. Then the literature is reviewed about the pharmacotherapeutics of its management. Clozapine emerges to be the gold standard. In addition risperidone and high dose olanzapine also emerge as clinically useful options. Other emerging adjunctive treatment options are equally addressed.
Efficacy of high frequency (rapid) suprathreshold repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of right prefrontal cortex in bipolar mania: A randomized sham controlled study$$$ Objective: To examine the efficacy of adjunctive right prefrontal high-frequency suprathreshold rTMS treatment in bipolar affective disorder, mania patients as compared to sham stimulation. Method: 41 right handed bipolar mania patients were randomized to receive daily sessions of active or sham rTMS (20 Hz, 110% of MT, 20 trains, 10 s intertrain interval) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for 10 days. Mania was rated using Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) and Clinical Global Impression (CGI) at baseline, and after 5th and 10th rTMS. Result: For YMRS scores, repeated measures ANOVA showed a significant effect of treatment over time as shown by interaction effect (F = 12.95, df = 1.51/58.94, p < 0.001, Greenhouse-Geisser corrected). For CGI-S, repeated measures ANOVA showed a significant interaction effect of treatment over time (F = 5.34, df = 1.36/53.01, p = 0.016, Greenhouse-Geisser corrected). Conclusion: High-frequency supra-threshold right prefrontal rTMS in bipolar, mania patients was well tolerated and found to be effective as add-on to standard pharmacotherapy. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Emerging role of glutamate in the pathophysiology of major depressive disorder$$$ Major depressive disorder (MDD) is a common, chronic, recurrent mental illness that affects millions of individuals worldwide. To date, the monoaminergic systems (serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine) have received the most attention in the neurobiology of MDD, and all classes of antidepressants target these monoaminergic systems. Accumulating evidence suggests that the glutamatergic system plays an important role in the neurobiology and treatment of this disease. Some clinical studies have demonstrated that the non-competitive N-methyl-d-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist ketamine has rapid antidepressant effects in treatment-resistant patients with MDD. Here, the author reviews the recent findings on the role of the glutamatergic system in the neurobiology of MDD and in new potential therapeutic targets (NMDA receptors, AMPA receptors, metabotropic glutamate receptors, ceftriaxone, minocycline, N-acetyl-l-cysteine) for MDD. © 2009 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) Clinical guidelines for the management of major depressive disorder in adults. IV. Neurostimulation therapies$$$ Background: In 2001, the Canadian Psychiatric Association and the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT) partnered to produce evidence-based clinical guidelines for the treatment of depressive disorders. A revision of these guidelines was undertaken by CANMAT in 2008-2009 to reflect advances in the field. There is renewed interest in refined approaches to brain stimulation, particularly for treatment resistant major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: The CANMAT guidelines are based on a question-answer format to enhance accessibility to clinicians. An evidence-based format was used with updated systematic reviews of the literature and recommendations were graded according to Level of Evidence using pre-defined criteria. Lines of Treatment were identified based on criteria that included evidence and expert clinical support. This section on "Neurostimulation Therapies" is one of 5 guidelines articles. Results: Among the four forms of neurostimulation reviewed in this section, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has the most extensive evidence, spanning seven decades. Repetitive transcranial magnetic (rTMS) and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) have been approved to treat depressed adults in both Canada and the United States with a much smaller evidence base. There is also emerging evidence that deep brain stimulation (DBS) is effective for otherwise treatment resistant depression, but this is an investigational approach in 2009. Limitations: Compared to other modalities for the treatment of MDD, the data based is limited by the relatively small numbers of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and small sample sizes. Conclusions: There is most evidence to support ECT as a first-line treatment under specific circumstances and rTMS as a second-line treatment. Evidence to support VNS is less robust and DBS remains an investigational treatment. © 2009.
Prophylactic agents do not influence the acute efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in migraine with aura$$$ Objectives: To determine the effect of prophylactic medications on the efficacy of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) in the acute treatment of migraine with aura. Background: Low frequency TMS has recently been shown to be effective for the acute treatment of migraine with aura. TMS may result in an action potential discharge and refractory period that disrupts cortical spreading depression (CSD). Migraine prophylactic medications may reduce the frequency of migraine attacks by elevating CSD threshold. The interaction between migraine prophylactic agents and TMS is unknown. Methods: Subgroup analysis was performed on the study, “Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation is effective for the acute treatment of migraine with aura”. Analysis of the primary efficacy endpoint (pain-free at 2 hours - PFR) between TMS and Sham groups was performed based on non-randomized prophylactic use. Results: One hundred sixty-four subjects eligibly treated at least one migraine with aura attack with TMS (n = 82) or Sham stimulation (n = 82). Baseline pain intensity at the time of treatment for the first attack was no pain (31%), mild (40%), moderate (23%) or severe pain (6%). Prophylactic medications were used by 37% (31/82) and 41.5% (34/82) in the Sham and TMS-treated patients respectively. Sham patients on no prophylactics (Sham-) had significantly higher PFR than sham treated patients on prophylactic agents (Sham+) (P = 0.0014). There was no difference in PFR between TMS-treated patients on (TMS+) or off (TMS-) prophylactics (P = 0.5513). However, TMS+ had significantly higher PFR than Sham+ patients (P = 0.002). There was no difference in PFR between TMS- and Sham- patients (P = 0.4061). (Table Presented). Conclusions: Prophylactic medications do not appear to influence the treatment response to TMS. The better response in sham-treated patients not on prophylactics may indicate a more responsive or different patient phenotype than those currently using prophylactics. These findings will need to be verified in a larger patient sample randomized by presence/absence of prophylactic medications.
Targeting glutamatergic signaling for the development of novel therapeutics for mood disorders$$$ There have been no recent advances in drug development for mood disorders in terms of identifying drug targets that are mechanistically distinct from existing ones. As a result, existing antidepressants are based on decades-old notions of which targets are relevant to the mechanisms of antidepressant action. Low rates of remission, a delay of onset of therapeutic effects, continual residual depressive symptoms, relapses, and poor quality of life are unfortunately common in patients with mood disorders. Offering alternative options is requisite in order to reduce the individual and societal burden of these diseases. The glutamatergic system is a promising area of research in mood disorders, and likely to offer new possibilities in therapeutics. There is increasing evidence that mood disorders are associated with impairments in neuroplasticity and cellular resilience, and alterations of the glutamatergic system are known to play a major role in cellular plasticity and resilience. Existing antidepressants and mood stabilizers have prominent effects on the glutamate system, and modulating glutamatergic ionotropic or metabotropic receptors results in antidepressant-like properties in animal models. Several glutamatergic modulators targeting various glutamate components are currently being studied in the treatment of mood disorders, including release inhibitors of glutamate, N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) antagonists, alpha-amino-3-hydroxy-5-methyl-4-isoxazolepropionic acid (AMPA) throughput enhancers, and glutamate transporter enhancers. This paper reviews the currently available knowledge regarding the role of the glutamatergic system in the etiopathogenesis of mood disorders and putative glutamate modulators. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
The right-sided, low frequency (1 HZ) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (RTMS) in the treatment of resistant depression compared with venlafaxine ER. the results of the double-blind, randomized study$$$ Objective: This 4-week, double-blind, randomized study compared efficacy of 1 Hz rTMS over the right prefrontal dorsolateral cortex with venlafaxine ER in the treatment of resistant depression. Methods: A total of 60 inpatients with depressive disorder (DSM-IV criteria), who previously did not respond to at least one antidepressant treatment, were randomly assigned to 1 Hz rTMS with placebo and venlafaxine ER with sham rTMS for 4 weeks. The primary outcome measure was score change in the Montgomery-Ĺsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). The response was defined as a ≥ 50 % reduction of MADRS. Results: There was no significant difference between treatment groups in MADRS (p = 0.38) scores from baseline to endpoint. Response rate for rTMS (33 %) and venlafaxine (39 %) and drop-out rate did not differ between treatment groups. There were significant reductions of MADRS, CGI and BDI-SF scores in both groups. Conclusion: We did not detect any differences in the efficacy of acute treatment between 1Hz right-sided rTMS and venlafaxine ER in patients with resistant depression.
Antiglucocorticoids, neurogenesis and depression$$$ Recent evidence suggests that antiglucocorticoids, like conventional antidepressants, may recover depressive symptoms by boosting hippocampal neurogenesis. Here, we explore several possible antiglucocorticoid-based antidepressive therapeutic strategies. Firstly, we review specific glucocorticoid receptor/antagonist interactions. Secondly, we discuss a potential new therapeutic target, doublecortin-like kinase, which regulates glucocorticoid signaling in neuronal progenitor cells. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Randomized clinical trial of propofol with and without alfentanil for deep procedural sedation in the emergency department$$$ Objectives: The objectives were to compare the efficacy, occurrence of adverse events, and recovery duration of propofol with and without alfentanil for use in procedural sedation in the emergency department (ED). Methods: This was a randomized nonblinded prospective trial of adult patients undergoing procedural sedation for painful procedures in the ED. Patients with pain before the procedure were given intravenous (IV) morphine sulfate until their pain was adequately treated at least 20 minutes before starting the procedure. Patients received 1 mg/kg propofol either with or without a supplemental dose of 10 lg/kg alfentanil for deep procedural sedation. Doses, vital signs, nasal end-tidal CO2 (ETCO2), pulse oximetry, and bispectral electroencephalographic (EEG) analysis scores were recorded. Subclinical respiratory depression was defined as a change in ETCO2 of >10 mmHg, an oxygen saturation of <92% at any time, or an absent ETCO2 waveform at any time. Clinical events related to respiratory depression were noted during the procedure, including the addition of or increase in the flow rate of supplemental oxygen, the use of a bag-valve mask apparatus, airway repositioning, or stimulation to induce breathing. After the procedure, patients were asked if they experienced pain during the procedure or had recall of the procedure. Results: A total of 150 patients were enrolled; 146 underwent sedation and were included in the analysis. Seventy-four patients received propofol, and 71 received propofol with alfentanil. No clinically significant complications were noted. Subclinical respiratory depression was seen in 24/74 patients in the propofol group and 30/71 patients in the propofol/alfentanil group (effect size = 9.8%, 95% CI = -5.8% to 25.5%). Clinical signs of respiratory depression included an increase in supplemental oxygen use in 25 of the 74 propofol patients and 31 of the 71 propofol/alfentanil patients (effect size 9.9%, 95% CI = -5.9% to 25.7%), the use of bag-valve mask apparatus in seven patients in the propofol group and 12 in the propofol/alfentanil group (effect size = 5.6%, 95% CI = -3.5% to 18.4%), airway repositioning in 13 propofol patients and 20 propofol/alfentanil patients (effect size = 10.6%, 95% CI = -3.0% to 24.2%), and stimulation to induce breathing in 11 propofol patients and 20 propofol/alfentanil patients (effect size = 13.3%, 95% CI = 0.1% to 26.5%). The total time of the procedure was longer for the alfentanil/propofol group (median = 11 minutes, range = 5-22 minutes) than for the propofol group (median = 9 minutes, range = 1 to 43 minutes; effect size = 1.93 minutes, 95% CI = 0.73 to 2.58, p = 0.02). Pain during the procedure was reported by 10 of the 74 patients in the propofol group and 7 of the 71 patients in the propofol/alfentanil group (effect size = 4.5%, 95% CI = -6.8% to 14.1%). Recall of some part of the procedure was reported by 12 patients in the propofol group and 9 in the propofol/alfentanil group (effect size = 3.5%, 95% CI = -7.9% to 15.0%). All procedures were successfully completed. Conclusions: The use of supplemental alfentanil with propofol for procedural sedation did not result in a difference in reported pain or recall immediately after the procedure. There was an increase in the proportion of patients who required stimulation to induce respiration during the procedure in patients who received propofol with supplemental alfentanil. The addition of supplemental opioid to procedural sedation with propofol does not appear beneficial. © 2009 by the Society for Academic Emergency Medicine.
Effects of propofol or etomidate on QT interval during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Because patients with major depression have an altered autonomic nervous system activity, the risk of arrhythmias and sudden cardiac death may be increased. In addition, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) may cause an acute rise in QT dispersion, which may predispose to arrhythmias. In this study, we investigated the effects of propofol or etomidate on the corrected QT (QTc) interval during ECT in patients with major depression. MATERIALS AND Methods: Fourteen unpremedicated American Society of Anesthesiologists I patients, each scheduled for 6 ECT sessions for major depression, were included in a prospective, randomized crossover study. The patients randomly received either 1-mg/kg propofol (propofol group) or 0.2-mg/kg etomidate (etomidate group). The mean arterial pressure (MAP), heart rate (HR), and electrocardiogram were recorded before anesthetic induction, 0 and 1 minute after the seizure ended, and 3 and 10 minutes after the seizure ended (T3 and T4, respectively). Results: In the propofol group, the QTc interval was shorter than the baseline at 0 minute after the seizure ended. The QTc interval increased from the baseline at T3 and T4 in the etomidate group. In the etomidate group, the QTc interval was longer at T3 and T4 than that in the propofol group (P < 0.05). In the etomidate group, the HR increased at T3 and T4, but the MAP increased at all measurement times from the baseline value. The HR and the MAP were lower at T3 and T4 in the propofol group than in the etomidate group (P < 0.05). Conclusions: Propofol did not induce prolongation of the QT interval and controlled the hemodynamic response better than etomidate during ECT. Therefore, propofol may be more suitable than etomidate for ECT treatments. © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Managing depression during hepatitis C treatment$$$ Objective: The prevalence of hepatitis C virus (HCV) infection in Canada is estimated to be 1% and expected to increase during the next decade. Mental illness, particularly depression, is common among HCV-infected patients and remains an obstacle to interferon-alpha (IFN-α) treatment. We summarize the risk factors for interferon-α-induced major depressive disorder (IFN-α-MDD) in HCV patients and the evidence for antidepressant prophylaxis and symptomatic antidepressant treatment of depression. Methods: We searched MEDLINE, EMBASE, and CINAHL for randomized controlled or quasi-experimental trials evaluating antidepressant prophylactic and symptomatic treatment approaches for depression emerging during IFN-α treatment. Manual searches of references listed in review articles, case series, and anecdotal reports supplemented our literature search. Results: A total of 9 trials involving prophylactic and symptomatic treatment approaches for IFN-α-MDD are summarized in our review. Antidepressant pretreatment is beneficial for patients with elevated baseline depressive symptoms and a preexisting history of IFN-α-MDD. Although limited evidence exists for several antidepressant agents, much of the evidence suggests that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are safe and efficacious in treating depressive symptoms secondary to IFN-α therapy. Conclusion: Both antidepressant pretreatment and symptomatic treatment are viable strategies for treating IFN-α-MDD. Improved treatment outcomes and early identification of depression during HCV treatment can be achieved using an integrated medical and mental health treatment approach.
Clinical observation on electroacupuncture combined with catgut implantation at acupoints for treatment of simple obesity of heart and spleen deficiency type$$$ OBJECTIVE: To observe the interventional effect of electroacupuncture combined with catgut implantation at acupoints for treatment of simple obesity of heart and spleen deficiency type. METHODS: Sixty five cases were randomly divided into an observation group (33 cases) and a control group (32 cases). The observation group was treated with electroacupuncture combined with catgut implantation at acupoint therapy, the electroacupuncture was applied at Zhongwan (CV 12), Xiawan (CV 10), Guanyuan (CV 4), Tianshu (ST 25), ect. and catgut implantation was given at Zhongwan (CV 12), Tianshu (ST 25), Qihai (CV 6), etc. The control group was treated with electroacupuncture only. The body weight, body mass index (BMI), waistline, waist hip ratio (WHR), Pittsburgh sleep quality index (PSQI), Hamilton anxiety scale (HAMA) and Hamilton depression scale (HAMD, 17 items) were evaluated before and after treatment, and these were also compared with those of 35 nomal cases. RESULTS: The total effective rate of 93.9% in the observation group was higher than that of 84.4% in the control group (P < 0.05); the body weight, BMI, waistline, WHR, PSQI, HAMD and HAMA of simple obesity cases were obviously higher than those of normal cases (all P < 0.05). The scores of above indexes were all obviously decreased in both groups after treatment (all P < 0.05), and the improvement was more significant in observation group (P < 0.05). CONCLUSION: The sleep quality reduction and mental and psychology disorder exist in simple obesity patients, and electroacupuncture combined with catgut implantation at acupoints can reduce weight effectively, and at the same time improve the sleep quality and regulate psychological state.
Serotonin Affects Transcranial Direct Current-Induced Neuroplasticity in Humans$$$ Background: Modulation of the serotonergic system affects long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD), the likely neurophysiologic derivates of learning and memory formation, in animals and slice preparations. Serotonin-dependent modulation of plasticity has been proposed as an underlying mechanism for depression. However, direct knowledge about the impact of serotonin on neuroplasticity in humans is missing. Here we explore the impact of the serotonin reuptake blocker citalopram on plasticity induced by transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) in humans in a single-blinded, placebo-controlled, randomized crossover study. Methods: In 12 healthy subjects, anodal excitability-enhancing or cathodal excitability-diminishing tDCS was applied to the motor cortex under a single dose of 20-mg citalopram or placebo medication. Motor cortex excitability was monitored by single-pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). Results: Under placebo medication, anodal tDCS enhanced, and cathodal tDCS reduced, excitability for about 60-120 min. Citalopram enhanced and prolonged the facilitation induced by anodal tDCS, whereas it turned cathodal tDCS-induced inhibition into facilitation. Conclusions: Serotonin has a prominent impact on neuroplasticity in humans, which is in favor for facilitatory plasticity. Taking into account serotonergic hypoactivity in depression, this might explain deficits of learning and memory formation. Moreover, the results suggest that for therapeutic brain stimulation in depression and other neuropsychiatric diseases (e.g., in neurorehabilitation), serotonergic reinforcement may enhance facilitatory aftereffects and thereby increase the efficacy of these tools. © 2009 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Translational development strategy for magnetic seizure therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has unparalleled antidepressant efficacy, but its cognitive side effects may be persistent. Research suggests that the side effects may be at least partially dissociable from the therapeutic effects of ECT, suggesting that distinct cortical networks may underlie them and introducing a role for focal seizure induction as a means of minimizing side effects. In magnetic seizure therapy (MST), magnetic fields avoid tissue impedance and induce electrical currents confined to superficial cortex, facilitating focal seizure induction. The translational development strategy for MST has included: (1) device development, (2) feasibility in animals and initial human trials, (3) testing in nonhuman primates on safety and mechanisms of action (with neuroanatomical, neurophysiological and cognitive endpoints), (4) safety testing in patients, (5) initial efficacy testing in patients, (6) dosage optimization, and (7) randomized comparison with ECT. These stages have been iterative, with results of early clinical testing prompting device enhancements that were, in turn, tested in nonhuman primates prior to human trials. Safety testing was aided by development of a nonhuman primate model of human ECT, and the validation of a cognitive battery for the monkey that is sensitive to the range of effects of ECT on human memory. Human testing has been facilitated by the development of an international consortium of centers addressing various aspects of technique and dose/response relationships. Challenges facing MST are common to other device-based therapies: characterizing dose/response relationships, optimizing efficacy, and developing efficient and reliable methods to induce lasting therapeutic change in the circuitry underlying depression. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Clinical issues in considering vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ This review briefly discusses the clinical and basic science rationale for vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) in treatment-resistant depression (TRD). As the number of treatment failures for depression increases, the likelihood of achieving remission during acute treatment decreases, and the risk of relapse increases with the number of treatment failures. Two open trials of adjunctive VNS for TRD showed positive acute results and a growing benefit over time. The results of the acute randomized controlled trial were not significant for the primary outcome (response by HRSD-24), but the secondary measure (IDS-SR-30) was significant for VNS. A 12-month nonrandomized comparative analysis of patients receiving adjunctive VNS with TRD patients receiving treatment as usual showed significant results favoring VNS. Post hoc analyses found that this difference was not accounted for baseline differences nor by intercurrent treatment. While VNS is well tolerated, the optimal dosing strategies have not been determined nor have clinically useful predictors of who will respond to the treatment. Given the profound effects of TRD upon the daily lives of patients and that a substantial number of VNS patients receive benefit, VNS is a useful option for managing patients with TRD. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Antidepressant electroconvulsive therapy: Mechanism of action, recent advances and limitations$$$ A considerable number of depressive patients do not respond to or remit during pharmacotherapeutical or psychotherapeutical interventions resulting in an increasing interest in non-pharmacological strategies to treat affective disorders. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) dates back to the beginning of modern biologic psychiatry and ongoing research has successfully improved efficacy in addition to safety while reducing side effects. Double-blind, randomized, controlled trials have shown powerful interactions between electrode placement (right unilateral, bifrontal, bitemporal) and dosage (relative to seizure threshold) in the efficacy and side effects of ECT. This review aims to summarize current research data on the mechanism of action, efficacy, and recent advances in ECT technique. © 2009.
More Lateral and Anterior Prefrontal Coil Location Is Associated with Better Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation Antidepressant Response$$$ Background: The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is the most commonly used target for transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of depression. The "5-cm rule" is an empiric method used for probabilistic targeting of the DLPFC in most clinical trials. This rule may be suboptimal, as it does not account for differences in skull size or variations in prefrontal anatomy relative to motor cortex location. This study is a post hoc analysis of data from a large repetitive TMS (rTMS) trial in which we examined the variability of coil placement and how it affects antidepressant efficacy. Methods: Fifty-four depressed subjects enrolled in a randomized, single-site trial received either active rTMS or sham for 3 weeks. Prior to treatment initiation, investigators placed vitamin E capsules at the point of stimulation and used a high-resolution magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scan to image these fiducials relative to anatomy. We employed a semiautomated imaging-processing algorithm to localize the cortical region stimulated. Results: Active TMS significantly reduced Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) scores. A linear model for this improvement involving the coordinates of the stimulated cortex location, age, and treatment condition was highly significant. Specifically, individuals with more anterior and lateral stimulation sites were more likely to respond. Conclusions: These results suggest that within the general anatomical area targeted by the 5-cm rule, placing the TMS coil more laterally and anteriorly is associated with improved response rates in TMS depression studies. Controlled studies testing this anatomical hypothesis are needed. © 2009 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Differential heart rate response to magnetic seizure therapy (MST) relative to electroconvulsive therapy: A nonhuman primate model$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for severe depression; however, the induced therapeutic seizure acts on the autonomic nervous system and results in significant cardiac effects. This is an important consideration particularly in the elderly. Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is in development as a less invasive alternative, but its effects on cardiac function have not been studied. We sought to model those effects in nonhuman primates to inform the development of safer neurostimulation interventions. Twenty four rhesus monkeys were randomly assigned to receive 6 weeks of daily treatment with electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS), magnetic seizure therapy (MST) or anesthesia-alone sham. Digitally acquired ECG and an automated R-wave and inter-R interval (IRI) sampling were used to measure intervention effects on heart rate (HR). Significant differences between experimental conditions were found in the HR as evidenced by changes in the immediate post-stimulus, ictal and postictal epochs. Immediate post-stimulus bradycardia was seen with ECS but not with MST. ECS induced significantly more tachycardia than MST or sham in both the ictal and postictal periods. MST resulted in a small, but statistically significant increase in HR during the postictal period relative to baseline. HR was found to increase by 25% and 8% in the ECS and MST conditions, respectively. MST resulted in significantly less marked sympathetic and parasympathetic response than did ECS. This differential physiological response is consistent with MST having a more superficial cortical site of action with less impact on deeper brain structures implicated in cardiac control relative to ECT. The clinical relevance of the topographical seizure spread of MST and its associated effects on the autonomic nervous system remain to be determined in human clinical trials. © 2009.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for borderline personality disorder: Rationale, stimulation site and methods$$$ Borderline personality disorder (BPD) is characterized by pervasive instability in moods, interpersonal relationships, self-image, and behavior. This disorder is associated with a significant rate of suicide attempts and completed suicides (4 to 10%), a major impairment in social functioning and an increased healthcare utilization cost. Treatments available include psychotherapy and pharmacotherapy. Research has shown some efficacy of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) on post-traumatic stress disorder and mood disorder which both share common biological or clinical features with BPD. It is then likely that rTMS might prove efficient on BPD symptoms. A review of the literature on neuroimaging and neuropsychology of BPD shows a hypoactivity of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex which may be a potential target site for rTMS. We will conduct a pilot randomized sham-controlled trial on 30 BPD patients assessing the efficacy of a 10-day course of daily rTMS on neuropsychological tasks, BPD symptoms severity, risk taking behaviour, depression and general psychopathology.
A study of the effectiveness of high-frequency left prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression in patients who have not responded to right-sided stimulation$$$ The objective of this study was to explore the response rate to high-frequency left-sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients who had failed to respond to right-sided low-frequency stimulation, and to investigate whether there was differential efficacy between stimulation at 5 or 10 Hz. Data from two randomized controlled trials were pooled. In both studies a group of patients were randomized to receive either 5- or 10-Hz left prefrontal rTMS after failing to respond to right-sided stimulation. These patients received blinded 5- or 10-Hz stimulation (but without a sham control) for a period of up to 4 weeks and outcomes were compared. There was a small but significant overall response to left-sided rTMS but no difference in response between the 5- and 10-Hz treatment conditions. There appears to be a significant but modest likelihood of response to left-sided TMS in patients who fail right-sided stimulation, but there is no difference in efficacy between 5- and 10-Hz stimulation. © 2008 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Propofol versus propofol-remifentanil combination anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy: Effects on seizure duration and hemodynamics$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment of severe psychiatric disorders and has a favorable side effect profile. The efficacy of ECT is related to seizure duration and to the relative stimulus dosage above seizure threshold. Seizure duration of 25 seconds is considered to be the norm in modern ECT, although a definite correlation between seizure duration and clinical outcome remains to be demonstrated. Short seizures are considered negative predictors of outcome. The ideal hypnotic agent for ECT anesthesia should have a short half-life, not interfere with seizure duration and quality, and guarantee the patient's hemodynamic stability. We aimed to investigate the effects of propofol and propofol remifentanil combination to seizure duration and hemodynamic outcomes in ECT treatment. Material and method: Twenty patients diagnosed with treatment resistant major depressive disorder and schizophrenia were included in this study. Heart rate (HR), systolic arterial pressure (SAP), diastolic arterial pressure (DAP), mean arterial pressure (MAP), peripheral oxygen saturation (SpO2), and bispectral index (BIS) were measured and electroencephalograph was monitored in all patients. Patients were randomized into two groups as propofol remifentanil group (PR, n=10) and propofol group (P, n=10) in a double-blind design. Fifty ECT for each group and a total of 100 ECT were evaluated. 1 mcg/kg remifentanil infused in 30-60 second in group PR and same dose isotonic solution infused to group P. Propofol infusion applied to all patients subsequently up to BIS rate becoming 60. Succinylcholine (1 mg/kg) infusion used for muscular relaxation. All referred values (HR, SAP, DAP, MAP and SpO2) were recorded before anaesthesia and during 1, 3, 5, 7, 10th. Minutes of anesthesia. Seizure duration was measured by contraction time (i.e., duration of motor seizure) at isolated arm and seizure activity was recorded by EEG (i.e., duration of EEG seizure). Anaesthesia duration was defined as the time between BIS rate becoming 60 and reaction to verbal stimulation. Results: There was no significant difference between two groups in age, height, and weight (p>0.05). The differences in SAP, DAP, MAP, HR, and SpO2 measures before anaesthesia, before ECT, and after ECT were not significant between two groups (p>0.05). Seizure durations in isolated arms and EEG records were longer in PR group (p<0.001 for both). Mean anaesthesia period was longer in group PR (p<0.001) than grup P. Propofol doses were remarkably lower in all 5 ECT sessions in group PR (p<0.001). Conclusion: Lower doses of propofol usage during anaesthesia in ECT applications may moderate the shortening effect of propofol of seizure duration. Remifentanil did not cause a clear hemodynamic change even with lower doses of propofol. Thus remifentanil may be an augmentation choice in ECT for patients with short seizure duration.
Stroke rehabilitation: Strategies to enhance motor recovery$$$ Recent evidence indicates that the brain can remodel after stroke, primarily through synaptogenesis.Task-specific and repetitive exercise appear to be key factors in promoting synaptogenesis and are central elements in rehabilitation of motor weakness following stroke. Expert medical management ensures a patient is well enough to participate in rehabilitation with minimal distractions due to pain or depression. Contraint-induced motor therapy and body-weight-supported ambulation are forms of exercise that "force use" of an impaired upper extremity. Technologies now in common use include robotics, functional electrical stimulation, and, to a lesser degree, transcranial magnetic stimulation and virtual reality. The data on pharmacological interventions are mixed but encouraging; it is hoped such treatments will directly stimulate brain tissue to recovery. Mitigation of factors preventing movement, such as spasticity, might also play a role. Research evaluating these motor recovery strategies finds them generally good at the movement level but somewhat less robust when looking at functional performance. It remains unclear whether inconsistent evidence for functional improvement is a matter of poor treatment efficacy or insensitive outcome measures. Copyright © 2009 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved.
Obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a severe and disabling clinical condition that usually arises in late adolescence or early adulthood and, if left untreated, has a chronic course. Whether this disorder should be classified as an anxiety disorder or in a group of putative obsessive-compulsive-related disorders is still a matter of debate. Biological models of obsessive-compulsive disorder propose anomalies in the serotonin pathway and dysfunctional circuits in the orbito-striatal area and dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Support for these models is mixed and they do not account for the symptomatic heterogeneity of the disorder. The cognitive-behavioural model of obsessive-compulsive disorder, which has some empirical support but does not fully explain the disorder, emphasises the importance of dysfunctional beliefs in individuals affected. Both biological and cognitive models have led to empirical treatments for the disorder-ie, serotonin-reuptake inhibitors and various forms of cognitive-behavioural therapy. New developments in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder involve medications that work in conjuction with cognitive-behavioural therapy, the most promising of which is D-cycloserine. © 2009 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Treatment-refractory bipolar disorder: Classification to aid in clinical management$$$ Bipolar disorder is an illness with complex symptomatology that encompasses severe symptoms of mood and thought disorder and can limit the cognitive range of human brain functioning. The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual, 4th edition and International Classification of Mental Disorder recommend subgroups of bipolar disorder based on symptoms, illness severity, and frequency of episodes. Pharmacological agents commonly used in the management of bipolar disorder include lithium; anticonvulsants, such as valproate, carbamazepine and lamotrigine; and recent years have witnessed increasing use of atypical antipsychotics. There are several intra- and inter-class differences in these compounds, especially relating to polarity of mood episode under consideration. Monotherapy trials have focused on efficacy of the compounds; few have explored combination therapy, especially in patients failing to respond or inadequately responding to one agent. Clinicians have frequently prescribed two or more compounds to stabilize moods. Monotherapy treatment of bipolar manic episode with various compounds including atypical antipsychotics, mood stabilizers such as lithium, valproic acid and carbamazepine yielded response rates of 50%. However, combination therapy of atypical antipsychotics with valproic acid or lithium offered an additional 20% improvement in the response rates. The article will review published data on augmentation studies, comment on case reports published in treatment-refractory bipolar disorder, and propose a new classification guideline for staging treatment-refractory bipolar disorder. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved.
Efficacy of an algorithm-guided treatment compared with treatment as usual: A randomized, controlled study of inpatients with depression$$$ OBJECTIVE:: Medication algorithms have been proposed as effective means to offer optimal treatment and improved outcome for patients with severe mental illness. This single-center prospective study compared the efficacy and effects on treatment prescriptions of an algorithm-guided treatment regimen with treatment as usual (TAU) in depressed inpatients. METHODS:: Depressed inpatient participants were randomized to an algorithm-guided standardized stepwise drug treatment regimen (SSTR, n = 74) or TAU (n = 74). The SSTR regimen included sleep deprivation, antidepressant monotherapy, lithium augmentation, monoamine oxidase inhibitor therapy, or electroconvulsive therapy guided by scores on the clinician-rated Bech-Rafaelsen Melancholia Scale. The primary outcome was time to remission (defined as a Bech-Rafaelsen Melancholia Scale score of ≤7). Secondary outcomes were remission rates, number of changes in treatment strategies (types), and the number of different prescribed medications over the treatment period. RESULTS:: Patients receiving SSTR had a significantly shorter time to remission (7.0 ± 0.9 weeks vs 12.3 ± 1.8 weeks for TAU). Compared with that in remitters in SSTR, the number of strategy changes was significantly higher in TAU remitters (3.0 ± 2.7 and 1.0 ± 1.5) and had more psychotropic medications (fix agents: 3.0 ± 1.5 and 1.9 ± 1.1; optional agents: 1.5 ± 1.0 and 0.9 ± 0.7). Although more patients dropped out of the SSTR group (33 of SSTR, 12 of TAU), the probability of remission tended to be higher in SSTR. CONCLUSIONS:: Algorithm-guided treatment produces better outcomes and less frequent medication changes than TAU. A systematic, stepwise, measurement-based approach to the treatment of depressed inpatients is warranted. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Citalopram for continuation therapy after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in vascular depression$$$ OBJECTIVES: The authors previously reported that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) produced a response rate of 39.4% among 62 patients with treatment resistant vascular depression. This study was undertaken to assess the outcome of continuation therapy to prevent relapse among these patients during 9 weeks after completion of rTMS. DESIGN: Patients were randomly assigned to 18,000 pulses of rTMS given over 3 weeks or sham treatment using double blind methods. After rTMS, all patients were given 20 mg/day of citalopram for 9 weeks and reevaluated at 3, 6, and 9 weeks. SETTING: Outpatient continuation treatment trial. PARTICIPANTS: Patients with vascular depression (N = 62), as determined by magnetic resonance imaging hyperintensities and three or more clinical risk factors for vascular disease without other major medical illness, were recruited. They had onset of major depression after age 50 and failed at least one trial of antidepressants. INTERVENTION: After rTMS or sham treatment, all treatment responders were given citalopram for 9 weeks. RESULTS: Among the 33 patients who were given rTMS, 13 responded (i.e., >50% decline in Hamilton Depression Scale score). Of these 13, all completed the 9 weeks of continuation treatment. There were nine patients who continued to be responders and four who had a relapse of depression. CONCLUSION: More effective methods are needed to treat elderly patients with treatment resistant vascular depression and to prevent relapse among treatment responders. © 2009 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Bifrontal ECT: A systematic review and meta-analysis of efficacy and cognitive impact$$$ The aim of this paper is to review the literature regarding bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and provide recommendations for future research in this area. Original publications were retrieved using PubMeD, EMBASE, PsycINFO, and Google Scholar. A systematic review and meta-analysis of randomised clinical trials examining efficacy and/or cognitive effects of bifrontal ECT for the treatment of depression is the centrepiece of this paper. The literature regarding bifrontal ECT is limited, with small patient numbers and treatment variation across studies complicating result interpretation. However, our findings suggest that while bifrontal and bitemporal ECT may have similar efficacy, bifrontal ECT is associated with less cognitive impairment immediately after a treatment course. Bifrontal ECT may have greater efficacy than low-dose right unilateral ECT but less efficacy than high-dose right unilateral ECT. Conversely, bifrontal ECT may affect cognition more adversely than low-dose right unilateral ECT, but less so than high-dose right unilateral ECT. To further investigate the likely favourable benefit to cognitive risk profile of bifrontal ECT, detailed cognitive testing should be undertaken as part of any future, large scale studies comparing the efficacy of adequately-dosed bifrontal, bitemporal and right unilateral ECT. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Antidepressant response to electroconvulsive therapy is sustained after catecholamine depletion$$$ Although the antidepressant mechanism of ECT is unknown, there are data to support noradrenergic involvement. Patients who had been recently successfully treated with ECT for major depression were studied in a randomized double-blind cross-over design comparing catecholamine depletion using α-methyl-para-tyrosine to a placebo procedure. Mean MADRS scores at baseline (4.2 SD 2.7) and following depletion (4.6 SD 1.1) were similar, despite a 57.7% decrease in serum homovanillic acid (HVA) and a 61.5% decrease in 3-methoxy-4-hydroxyenylethyleneglycol (MHPG). These data suggest that catecholamine availability may not be necessary for acutely maintaining an antidepressant response to ECT. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Intrathecal morphine combined with intravenous patient-controlled analgesia is an effective and safe method for immediate postoperative pain control in live liver donors$$$ The healthy condition of living donors makes their tolerance to pain particularly low, and clinicians are often challenged to come up with an analgesic technique that is effective yet ensures donor safety. This study compared, in donor right hepatectomy, the efficacy and safety of preoperative intrathecal morphine (ITM) combined with intravenous patient-controlled analgesia (IV-PCA) with IV-PCA alone. Forty adult patients were randomly allocated into 2 groups: ITM+IV-PCA group (n = 20) and IV-PCA-only group (n = 20). Patients in the ITM+IV-PCA group received morphine sulfate (400 μg). The visual analog scale (VAS) at rest and when coughing and supplementary meperidine and IV-PCA (fentanyl) consumption were assessed at 2, 4, 6, 8, 10, 12, 18, 24, 30, 36, 42, 48 56, 64, and 72 hours after surgery. Also, side effects such as sedation, dizziness, nausea, vomiting, pruritus, and respiratory depression were evaluated. The ITM+IV-PCA group showed significantly less pain at rest and when coughing for up to 30 hours and 24 hours, respectively. Cumulative postoperative consumption of meperidine and IV-PCA (fentanyl) were significantly less in the ITM+IV-PCA group. The incidence of side effects were comparable between the 2 groups except for pruritus; its incidence was significantly higher in the ITM+IV-PCA group during the first 24 hours, but no treatment was required due to its mild severity. The results of our study suggest that preoperative ITM combined with IV-PCA may be considered as an effective and safe pain management regimen in living liver donors who have characteristics of low tolerance to pain and postoperative coagulation derangement. © 2009 AASLD.
The history of lithium therapy$$$ The use of lithium in psychiatry goes back to the mid-19th century. Early work, however, was soon forgotten, and John Cade is credited with reintroducing lithium to psychiatry for mania in 1949. Mogens Schou undertook a randomly controlled trial for mania in 1954, and in the course of that study became curious about lithium as a prophylactic for depressive illness. In 1970, the United States became the 50th country to admit lithium to the marketplace. Meanwhile, interest in lithium for the prophylaxis of depression was growing apace and today the agent is widely prescribed for that indication, even though it has not been accepted by the Food and Drug Administration. Lithium was almost derailed by a small group of opponents from the Maudsley Hospital and its status today is threatened by the "mood stabilizers". © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Medicating mood with maintenance in mind: Bipolar depression pharmacotherapy$$$ Objectives: Bipolar depression is a core feature of bipolar disorder, a phase in which many patients spend the majority of time and one that confers a significant degree of burden and risk. The purpose of this paper is to briefly review the evidence base for the pharmacotherapy of bipolar depression and to discuss the recommendations for its optimal management. Methods: A detailed literature review was undertaken with aparticular emphasis on pharmacological treatment strategies for bipolar depression across the acute and maintenance phases of the illness. Electronic library and Web-based searches were performed using recognised tools (MEDLINE, PubMED, EMBASE and PsychINFO) to identify the pertinent literature. A summary of the evidence base is outlined and then distilled into broad clinical recommendations to guide the pharmacological management of bipolar depression. Results: Partitioning treatment into acute and maintenance therapy is difficult based on the paucity of current evidence. The evidence from treatment trials favours the use of lithium and lamotrigine as first-line treatment in preference to valproate, and indicates that, for acute episodes, quetiapine and olanzapine have perhaps achieved equivalence at least in terms of efficacy. However, the effectiveness of the atypical antipsychotics in maintenance therapy is constrained by the potential for significant side effects of individual agents and the lack of both long-term research data and clinical experience in treating bipolar disorder as compared to other agents. Conversely, lithium and the anticonvulsants are generally slower to effect symptomatic change, and this limits their usefulness. Conclusions: There has been a tendency for research trials of bipolar depression to differentiate the illness cross-sectionally into the acute and maintenance phases of bipolar depression; however, in clinical terms, bipolar depression invariably follows a longitudinal course in which the phases of illness are inextricably linked, and useful acute treatments are typically continued in maintenance. Therefore, when medicating mood in acute bipolar depression it is imperative to keep maintenance in mind as it is this aspect of treatment that determines long-term success. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
The effect of daily prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over several weeks on resting motor threshold$$$ Background: The resting motor threshold (rMT) is an important factor in the selection of treatment intensity for patients receiving repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). In many clinical studies to date, because of the concerns about potential drift, the rMT has been routinely remeasured weekly or every fifth session. Objective: Our aim is to investigate whether ongoing treatment with rTMS affects the rMT, the degree of change, and whether frequent remeasurement is needed. Methods: Clinical data were drawn from 50 medication-free patients who were receiving treatment for major depression with rTMS in a large US National Institutes of Health (NIH)-sponsored multisite study. Four measurements of rMT were obtained, including before and after the double-blind phase, followed by weekly measurements during the open phase. Active treatment consisted of 75 four-second trains of 10-Hz stimulation applied over 37.5 minutes with the coil over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) at 120% rMT. Results: For the group as a whole, there was no significant change in the rMT during a minimum of 2 weeks of treatment with prefrontal rTMS (P = .911, 1-way analysis of variance). The average within-subject coefficient of variation was 6.58%. On average, the last rMT was 2.45% less than the baseline rMT (range: 32.3% increase, 40.6% decrease). Conclusions: Daily left prefrontal rTMS over several weeks as delivered in this trial does not cause systematic changes in rMT. Although most subjects had less than 10% variance in rMT over time, five subjects had changes of approximately 20% from baseline, raising dosing and safety issues if undetected. We recommend that clinical trials of rTMS have periodic retesting of rMT, especially if the dose is at or near the edge of the TMS safety tables. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effect of concomitant pharmacotherapy on electroconvulsive therapy outcomes: Short-term efficacy and adverse effects$$$ Context: Medication resistance is the leading indication for use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depression. The practice of stopping antidepressant medications prior to ECT derived from studies in the 1960s and 1970s in nonresistant samples. There is also continuing controversy regarding the relative efficacy and adverse effects of right unilateral and bilateral ECT. Objective: To test the hypotheses that, compared with placebo, concomitant treatment with nortriptline or venlafaxine during the ECT course enhances short-term efficacy without a meaningful effect on adverse effects and reduces the rate of post-ECT relapse, and to test the hypotheses that high-dose, right-sided, unilateral ECT is equivalent in efficacy to moderate-dosage bilateral ECT and retains advantages with respect to cognitive adverse effects. Design: Prospective, randomized, triple-masked, placebo-controlled study conducted from 2001 through 2005. Setting: Three university-based hospitals. Patients: Of approximately 750 consecutive patients referred for ECT, 319 with a major depressive episode consented, consented, were randomized to pharmacological or ECT treatment conditions, and received at least 1 ECT treatment. Main Outcome Measures: Scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, remission rate following completion of ECT, and selective measures of cognitive adverse effects. Results: Treatment with nortriptyline enhanced the efficacy and reduced the cognitive adverse effects of ECT relative to placebo. Venlafaxine resulted in a weaker degree of improvement and tended to worsen cognitive adverse effects. High-dosage right unilateral ECT did not differ or was superior to bilateral ECT in efficacy and resulted in less severe amnesia. Conclusions: The efficacy of ECT is substantially increased by the addition of an antidepressant medication, but such medications may differ in whether they reduce or increase cognitive adverse effects. High-dose, right-sided, unilateral ECT is at least equivalent to moderate-dosage bilateral ECT in efficacy, but retains advantages with respect to cognitive adverse effects. ©2009 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical system dysregulation and new treatment strategies in depression$$$ According to the corticoid receptor hypothesis of depression, hyperactivity of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenocortical (HPA) system is one of the major pathophysiological factors for the development of depression and opens a broad range of new antidepressant treatment options that are related to direct interventions in HPA system regulation in depressed patients. These new therapy strategies include inhibition of hypothalamic corticotropin-releasing hormone (CRH) release, antagonism at CRH1 receptors, antagonism at vasopressin V1b receptors, inhibition of cortisol synthesis, antiglucocorticoid treatment with dehydroepiandrosterone and treatment with glucocorticoid receptor antagonists. Although preclinical data support the view that CRH1 receptor antagonists are useful in the treatment of depression, currently no controlled studies are available that demonstrate clinical efficacy in depressed patients. The use of the antiglucocorticoid neuroactive steroid dehydroepiandrosterone, the cortisol synthesis inhibitor metyrapone and the glucocorticoid receptor antagonist mifepristone in depression has been demonstrated in some small, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies. However, three recently completed Phase III trials failed to significantly separate mifepristone from placebo in depression. Thus, it is unclear at present to what extent new, clinically effective antidepressant therapies can be developed based on the corticoid receptor hypothesis of depression. © 2009 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Extended-release epidural morphine (depodur) following epidural bupivacaine in patients undergoing lower abdominal surgery: A randomized controlled pharmacokinetic study$$$ Background and Objectives: The primary objective was to compare the serum pharmacokinetic profile of a single dose of extended-release epidural morphine (EREM) administered alone versus 15 to 60 mins after an analgesic, epidural dose of bupivacaine. Methods: This multicenter study enrolled 144 patients, 18 years or older, with scheduled lower abdominal surgery under general anesthesia. Patients were randomly assigned to a single 15-mg dose of EREM; the same dose administered 15, 30, or 60 mins after epidural bupiva-caine (20 mL 0.25%); or epidural placebo (normal saline) administered 15, 30, or 60 mins after bupivacaine. Postoperatively, fentanyl patient-controlled analgesia was offered for breakthrough pain. Multiple serum samples were analyzed for morphine and morphine metabolites. Safety and efficacy were assessed. Results: The mean maximum serum concentration and area under the concentration-time curve for morphine and metabolites were not significantly different when EREM was administered alone versus 15, 30, or 60 mins after bupivacaine. Median time to maximum serum concentration and median apparent terminal elimination half-life were also comparable. Total fentanyl patient-controlled analgesia consumption was comparable among all EREM groups (with/without prior bupiva-caine) but significantly (P G 0.05) lower compared with the bupiva-caine + placebo group. Nausea, vomiting, and dizziness were consistently more frequent in groups receiving EREM after bupiva-caine versus EREM alone. Copyright © 2009 American Society of Regional Anesthesia and Pain Medicine.
Randomized comparison of ultra-brief bifrontal and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: Clinical efficacy$$$ Background: It has been suggested that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with an ultra-brief pulse width in combination with a bilateral electrode placement has diminished antidepressive efficacy, as compared to unilateral ultra-brief pulse ECT. Objective: The antidepressive efficacy of bifrontal and right unilateral ultra-brief pulse (0.3 ms) ECT were compared. Method: Eighty-one patients with a medication refractory depressive episode were treated with a course of bifrontal ultra-brief pulse ECT at 1.5 times seizure threshold or unilateral ultra-brief pulse ECT at 6 times seizure threshold by random assignment. The 17 item-Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD), Beck Depression Inventory, Clinical Global Impression and Patient Global Impression were administered at baseline and repeated weekly during and 1 and 6 weeks after the course, by a blinded rater. Results: 64/81 patients (79%) completed the study, half of which were treated with bifrontal ECT. At the end of the course, 78.1% of the BF group and 78.1% of the UL group responded, whereas, 34.38% (N = 11) of the BF group and 43.75% (N = 14) of the UL group achieved strict remission criteria (HRSD-score ≤ 7). There were no significant differences between the patients given bifrontal ECT and those given unilateral ECT, although patients receiving unilateral ECT achieved response/remission-criteria after a smaller number of treatments. Limitations: Relatively small number of subjects. Conclusions: Using an ultra-brief pulse width, both BF and UL-ECT are efficacious, although patients receiving UL-ECT achieve response/remission-criteria after a smaller number of treatments. Trial registry: http://www.controlled-trials.com/. Registration number: ISRCTN56570426. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Pharmacological augmentation of motor recovery after stroke: Antidepressants for non-depressed patients?$$$ Stroke remains the most common cause of adult physical disability worldwide, and standard physical rehabilitation methods have limited effectiveness. Thus, the possibility of augmenting motor recovery after stroke using drugs has obvious attractions. © 2009 Springer-Verlag.
Low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with fibromyalgia and major depression$$$ Objective. To study the efficacy of low-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with fibromyalgia and major depression. Design. Twenty-eight patients were randomly assigned to receive 20 sessions of real or sham transcranial magnetic stimulation of the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. The main stimulation parameters were 15 trains at 110% of the motor threshold for 60 seconds at a frequency of 1Hz. Blinded external evaluators administered the fibromyalgia scales (FibroFatigue, Likert pain) and the depression scales (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Clinical Global Impression) during the study. Results. Both treatment groups (real and sham) improved their scores in some of the scales (FibroFatigue and Clinical Global Impression), although there were no differences between them. No improvements were observed in the Likert Pain Scale in either of the groups. Conclusion. With the methodology used in this study, patients with fibromyalgia and major depression who received real magnetic stimulation did not present significant differences in symptoms with respect to those who received sham magnetic stimulation. © 2009 American Academy of Pain Medicine.
Propofol versus propofol-remifentanil combination anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy: Effects on seizure duration and hemodynamics$$$ Objective: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment of severe psychiatric disorders and has a favorable side effect profile. The efficacy of ECT is related to seizure duration and to the relative stimulus dosage above seizure threshold. Seizure duration of 25 seconds is considered to be the norm in modern ECT, although a definite correlation between seizure duration and clinical outcome remains to be demonstrated. Short seizures are considered negative predictors of outcome. The ideal hypnotic agent for ECT anesthesia should have a short half-life, not interfere with seizure duration and quality, and guarantee the patient's hemodynamic stability. We aimed to investigate the effects of propofol and propofol remifentanil combination to seizure duration and hemodynamic outcomes in ECT treatment. Material and Method: Twenty patients diagnosed with treatment resistant major depressive disorder and schizophrenia were included in this study. Heart rate (HR), systolic arterial pressure (SAP), diastolic arterial pressure (DAP), mean arterial pressure (MAP), peripheral oxygen saturation (SpO2), and bispectral index (BIS) were measured and electroencephalograph was monitored in all patients. Patients were randomized into two groups as propofol remifentanil group (PR, n=10) and propofol group (P, n=10) in a double-blind design. Fifty ECT for each group and a total of 100 ECT were evaluated. 1 mcg/kg remifentanil infused in 30-60 second in group PR and same dose isotonic solution infused to group P. Propofol infusion applied to all patients subsequently up to BIS rate becoming 60. Succinylcholine (1 mg/kg) infusion used for muscular relaxation. All referred values (HR, SAP, DAP, MAP and SpO2) were recorded before anaesthesia and during 1, 3, 5, 7, 10th. Minutes of anesthesia. Seizure duration was measured by contraction time (i.e., duration of motor seizure) at isolated arm and seizure activity was recorded by EEG (i.e., duration of EEG seizure). Anaesthesia duration was defined as the time between BIS rate becoming 60 and reaction to verbal stimulation. Results: There was no significant difference between two groups in age, height, and weight (p>0.05). The differences in SAP, DAP, MAP, HR, and SpO2 measures before anaesthesia, before ECT, and after ECT were not significant between two groups (p>0.05). Seizure durations in isolated arms and EEG records were longer in PR group (p<0.001 for both). Mean anaesthesia period was longer in group PR (p<0.001) than grup P. Propofol doses were remarkably lower in all 5 ECT sessions in group PR (p<0.001). Conclusion: Lower doses of propofol usage during anaesthesia in ECT applications may moderate the shortening effect of propofol of seizure duration. Remifentanil did not cause a clear hemodynamic change even with lower doses of propofol. Thus remifentanil may be an augmentation choice in ECT for patients with short seizure duration.
Acute effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on attentional control are related to antidepressant outcomes$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is a new treatment procedure that holds promise of more insight into the pathophysiology of depression because the DLPFC may play an important role in the interplay between emotional and attentional information processing. We sought to investigate whether acute neurocognitive effects of rTMS are related to antidepressant outcomes. Methods: Between January 2005 and May 2007, we examined the effects of a single session compared with 2 weeks of rTMS over the left DLPFC on cognition and mood in therapy-resistant patients with depression. We used a crossover placebo-controlled double-blind design and differentiated rTMS treatment responders and nonresponders. We used a task-switching paradigm to measure cognitive function. Results: After 2 weeks of high-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC, depressive symptoms improved in more than half (53%) of our therapy-resistant population. After a single session, mood did not improve but attentional control was increased solely within our group of treatment responders. Limitations: Our results should be interpreted as preliminary because our sample was small and because the cognitive task we used has not been tested for validity and reliability. In addition, despite minimal stimulation of the DLPFC during sham stimulation, it is possible that the stiumlation was partially active. Finally, benzodiazepines may have had impairing effects on the attentional task. Conclusion: Cognitive reactivity after a single session of rTMS may hold promise as a predictor of beneficial treatment outcomes. Moreover, within the group of responders, attentional control appears to play an important role in the progress of mood disorders. © 2009 Canadian Medical Association.
Psychotic (delusional) major depression: New vistas$$$ In 1992, a comprehensive review of all previous studies comparing patients suffering from psychotic major depression (PMD) to non-PMD patients was published. In this review we present data of all studies comparing PMD patients to non-PMD published in the English language after 1992. The research papers reviewed have shown the following general profile of PMD: the point prevalence of PMD is about 0.4% and 19% of patients with a major depressive episode had psychotic symptoms as well. PMD was found to be a more severe form of depression with more feelings of guilt and more pronounced psychomotor disturbance. Additionally, PMD patients compared to non-PMD were found to be more severely impaired in the cognitive domains of attention, psychomotor speed, executive function and memory, regardless of depression's severity. As regards to the prognosis of the disorder, PMD is associated with poorer short-term outcome; nevertheless, in the long-term period (> 2-5 years) the prognostic significance of delusions in major depression tends to become weaker. However, the recurrence of psychotic episodes in PMD patients suggests that PMD runs "true to form". Of note, young PMD patients with acute onset of the disorder are at greater risk to develop bipolar disorder. Furthermore, PMD was associated with greater HPA abnormalities, higher plasma cortizol levels during the afternoon, lower serum DβH activity than age-matched non-PMD patients and healthy controls. In addition, more brain atrophy and paralimbic abnormalities may play a crucial role in the delusion formation. With respect to management of PMD, starting with a combination of AD plus AP or AD as monotherapy may be preferred. Nevertheless, methodological problems in studies on SSRIs as monotherapy and according to recent data-favoring the combination over AD monotherapy- the AP plus AD treatment regime takes precedence. © 2009 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Neurocognitive mechanisms in depression: Implications for treatment$$$ Mood disorders collectively account for a substantial proportion of disease burden across the globe and have a devastating impact on quality of life and occupational function. Here we evaluate recent progress in understanding the neurocognitive mechanisms involved in the manifestation of mood disorders.We focus on four domains of cognitive function that are altered in patients with depression: executive control, memory, affective processing, and feedback sensitivity. These alterations implicate a distributed neural circuit composed of multiple sectors of the prefrontal cortex in interaction with subcortical regions (striatum, thalamus) and temporal lobe structures (amygdala, hippocampus). Affective processing and feedback sensitivity are highly sensitive to serotonergic manipulation and are targeted by antidepressant treatments. By drawing together cognitive, neuroanatomical, and pharmacological tiers of research, we identify treatment targets and directions for future investigation to identify people at risk, minimize relapse, and maximize long-term beneficial outcomes for those suffering from depression. Copyright © 2009 by Annual Reviews. All rights reserved.
Comparison of propofol and thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized, blinded comparison of seizure duration, stimulus charge, clinical effect, and cognitive side effects$$$ OBJECTIVES: To compare propofol and thiopental as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with respect to seizure duration, stimulus charge, clinical effect, and cognitive side effects. METHODS: Randomized, blinded study of 62 depressed patients treated with bilateral ECT. Algorithm-based charge dosing was used. RESULTS: The mean seizure duration of the patients in the thiopental group was 36.3 seconds versus 25.7 seconds in the propofol group (P = 0.001). The charge per treatment was 79.5 mC in the thiopental group versus 109.8 mC in the propofol group (P = 0.026). Sixteen patients in the propofol group (52%) reached the highest electrical dose versus 8 patients (26%) in the thiopental group (P = 0.014). No difference in response to treatment or number of treatments was observed. The mean score on Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) was 28.9 in the thiopental group versus 26.8 in the propofol group (P = 0.014). However, age distribution of patients completing the study differed between the groups. CONCLUSIONS: Propofol significantly decreases seizure duration without significant difference in the clinical outcome. Using the employed treatment algorithm, patients anesthetised with propofol received higher electrical charge. Mini-Mental State Examination scores suggest that this results in more severe cognitive side effects. Results, however, might be confounded by the differences in age distribution in the groups. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Partial clinical response to 2 weeks of 2 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the right parietal cortex in depression$$$ The aim of this treatment study was to evaluate the therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the right parietal cortex in depression. In a double-blind, sham-controlled design ten consecutive sessions of 2 Hz rTMS (inter-pulse interval 0.5 s) at 90% motor threshold to the right parietal cortex (2400 pulses per session) were applied to 34 patients with the primary diagnosis of DSM-IV depression and a score of 15 on the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAMD). The primary outcome measures were the percentage change from baseline on the 17-item HAMD scores after ten sessions, and the percentage of clinical (defined as 50% reduction in HAMD score) and partial clinical (defined as 30% reduction in HAMD score) responders. Reduction of HAMD scores in the real rTMS treatment (meanreals.d., 19.932.5%) was not statistically different from the sham rTMS treatment (meanshams.d., 5.628.4%), and the number of clinical responders did not differ between treatments. However, a significant greater number of partial clinical responders were observed in the real (43.8%) compared to the sham rTMS treatment (6.3%). This study provides the first evidence showing that 2 Hz rTMS over the right parietal cortex may have antidepressant properties, and warrants further research. © Copyright 2008 CINP.
Overview of depression and its management in children and adolescents$$$ Recently there has been an increase in the diagnosis of major depressive disorder (MDD) in school-aged children and adolescents. MDD can be triggered by multiple stressors and carries the potential for comorbid conditions in this patient population. There are 3 major guidelines available to assist in treatment decisions for children and adolescents with MDD. These guidelines direct medication selection and monitoring through a review of clinical evidence. Three major multisite trials addressing antidepressant use in pediatric and adolescent patients have been published: the Treatment of Adolescents with Depression Study (TADS), the Treatment of Resistant Depression in Adolescents (TORDIA) study, and A Randomized Controlled Trial of Cognitive Behavior Therapy in Adolescents with Major Depression Treated by Selective Serotonin Reuptake Inhibitors (ADAPT). Many new drug classes are also being investigated as potential treatments for MDD in this population. {Formulary. 2009;44:172-180).
Opposite effects of high and low frequency rTMS on mood in depressed patients: Relationship to baseline cerebral activity on PET$$$ Background: Optimal parameters of rTMS for antidepressant efficacy in general, or within patients, have not been adequately delineated. Methods: Using a double-blind, sham-controlled, cross-over design, 22 adult patients with treatment refractory major depression (n = 9; bipolar disorder, depressed phase) were randomized to active rTMS (20-Hz or 1-Hz) or sham rTMS conditions and given 5 rTMS treatments per week for two weeks. Repetitive TMS was administered at 100% of motor threshold for 1600 pulses over the left prefrontal cortex using a figure-eight coil. Patients initially randomized to sham rTMS were then exposed to two weeks of active rTMS with each frequency under blinded conditions. Those who received active 20-Hz and 1-Hz rTMS were crossed over to the opposite frequency for two weeks. Improvement in Hamilton Depression ratings were assessed after each two-week treatment phase. PET imaging was used to evaluate the patient's baseline absolute regional cerebral activity (blood flow and metabolism) as potential predictor of clinical response. Results: Changes in depression severity on 1-Hz and 20-Hz rTMS were inversely correlated. PET scans with baseline hypoperfusion (but not hypometabolism) were associated with better improvement on 20-Hz rTMS as predicted. Limitations: The magnitude of the clinical change with either frequency at 100% motor threshold was not robust, and larger studies with higher intensities of rTMS for longer durations of time should be explored. Conclusions: High and low frequency rTMS exerts differential effects on depressed mood within individual subjects. The brain activity predictors and correlates of an optimal antidepressant response to rTMS remain to be better defined. © 2008 Elsevier B.V.
Anxiolytic effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation-an alternative treatment option in anxiety disorders?$$$ In contrast to major depression, only few studies are available so far on the effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in anxiety disorders. In order to summarise available data concerning the putative anxiolytic action of repetitive rTMS, a systematic literature review was carried out. Although interpretation of the results is difficult because of a large variety of used treatment protocols and the lack of a placebo-controlled design in the majority of studies, there is evidence for anxiolytic action of rTMS both from preclinical trials and studies in humans. Based on the idea of interhemispheric imbalance and/or deficits in cortico-limbic control as a model for human anxiety, inhibitory rTMS of the prefrontal cortex has been shown to exert beneficial effects in a number of studies in healthy subjects, patients with PTSD and panic disorder. However, to further elucidate the putative anxiolytic action of rTMS in patients with anxiety disorders future studies have to be conducted addressing in particular the limitations of the studies mentioned above. © 2008 Springer-Verlag.
Effects of a brief mindfulness-based induction on emotion processing in bipolar disorder$$$ Objectives: In behavioral studies, bipolar disorder is associated with cognitive biases toward emotional versus non-emotional stimuli. A core tenet of mindfulness meditation is equanimity, involving not attaching emotional significance to experiences. In a pilot study, we assessed whether a brief mindfulness-based induction would alter responses on measures of cognitive- emotional processing. Methods: Thirty two community dwelling outpatients with bipolar disorder (BD; n = 16) or normal comparison subjects (NC, n = 16) were randomly assigned to a 20-minute Mindfulness induction or a complementary “Suppression” condition. The Mindfulness condition instructed participants to focus on their breathing and allow thoughts and feelings without evaluating them. The Suppression condition instructed participants to ”push away thoughts” and “empty the mind” - instructions counter to standard mindfulness training. At baseline, participants were assessed with the YMRS and MADRS. Following the inductions, participants were assessed with Toronto Mindfulness Scale (TMS) and the Affective Go/No Go test. The latter is a computerized task that asks participants to rapidly identify the valence of emotional and non-emotional words (positive, negative, or neutral). The dependent variables were the number of emotional vs. neutral errors and reaction time. Results: As a manipulation check, participants in the Mindfulness condition scored higher on the Decentering subscale (TMS) compared to the Suppression Condition. The BD group made more Negative Errors on the Go/No Go task, regardless of condition (p = 0.05); these errors correlated with epressive symptoms (r = 0.526, p = 0.036). Examining the group-by-condition effect, the BD group made fewer emotional errors than neutral errors in the Mindfulness condition, which was the converse in the Suppression condition - however, groups did not differ at a p ≤ 0.05 level. Minimal differences were seen in reaction time. Conclusions: In this small pilot study, our results indicated that more severe depressive symptoms corresponded with attaching negative valence to non-emotional words in BD. Although effects were small, there was some support that the mindfulness induction attenuated errant responses on a measure of emotional processing in people with BD, possibly by reducing the level of negative affective processing. Copyright © 2009 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Over 50 years of trial in Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica: A survey$$$ Background: Randomised controlled trials are the gold standard for evaluating mental health care interventions. We assessed the content and quality of trials published in Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica and Supplementum since 1948. Methods: All trials were identified manually, quality assessed, data extracted, and sought on Medline. Results: About 8.6% of all reports in the journal were clinical trials (n = 582) with the peak frequency in the 1980s. Most originate from Europe (80%) and focus on depression (~38%) or schizophrenia (27%). The median sample size is 44. We found only two trials that fully met the criteria of quality reporting RCTs set by CONSORT statements (0.34%) since 1996. Less than 50% of records were possible to identify by a Medline search using broad methodological terms. Conclusion: Acta is a major source of health trials. The standard of reporting is similar to other journals but better adherence to CONSORT would ensure higher quality of reports and better dissemination. © 2009 Matar et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Ultra-brief pulse ECT in bipolar and unipolar depressive disorder: Differences in speed of response$$$ Objectives: There is little evidence for differences in response and speed of response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) between patients with bipolar and patients with unipolar depressive disorder. In the only prospective study to date, Daly et al. (Bipolar Disord 2001; 3: 95 - 104) found patients with bipolar depression to show more rapid clinical improvement and require fewer treatments than unipolar patients. In this study, response and speed of response of patients with unipolar and bipolar depression treated with ultra-brief pulse ECT were compared. Methods: All patients (n = 64) participated in a randomized trial comparing ultra-brief pulse bifrontal ECT at 1.5 times seizure threshold and unilateral ECT at 6 times seizure threshold. Thirteen patients (20.3%) had DSM-IV-defined bipolar depression. The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and Clinical Global Impression scale were administered at baseline and repeated weekly during and after the course of treatment by a blinded rater. At the same time point, the Beck Depression Inventory and the Patient Global Impression scale were administered. Speed of response was analyzed using survival analyses. Results: Patients with bipolar and unipolar depression did not differ in rates of response or remission following the ECT course, nor in response to unilateral or bifrontal ECT. Patients with bipolar depression, however, showed a more rapid response than patients with unipolar depression. Conclusions: Patients with bipolar depression tend to show more rapid clinical improvement with ECT than patients with unipolar depression. © 2009 The Authors Journal compilation © 2009 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Clinical practice recommendations for depression$$$ Objective: To provide clinically relevant evidence-based recommendations for the management of depression in adults that are informative, easy to assimilate and facilitate clinical decision making. Method: A comprehensive literature review of over 500 articles was undertaken using electronic database search engines (e.g. MEDLINE, PsychINFO and Cochrane reviews). In addition articles, book chapters and other literature known to the authors were reviewed. The findings were then formulated into a set of recommendations that were developed by a multidisciplinary team of clinicians who routinely deal with mood disorders. The recommendations then underwent consultative review by a broader advisory panel that included experts in the field, clinical staff and patient representatives. Results: The clinical practice recommendations for depression (Depression CPR) summarize evidence-based treatments and provide a synopsis of recommendations relating to each phase of the illness. They are designed for clinical use and have therefore been presented succinctly in an innovative and engaging manner that is clear and informative. Conclusion: These up-to-date recommendations provide an evidence-based framework that incorporates clinical wisdom and consideration of individual factors in the management of depression. Further, the novel style and practical approach should promote uptake and implementation. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Clinical practice recommendations for bipolar disorder$$$ Objective: To provide clinically relevant evidence-based recommendations for the management of bipolar disorder in adults that are informative, easy to assimilate and facilitate clinical decision-making. Method: A comprehensive literature review of over 500 articles was undertaken using electronic database search engines (e.g. MEDLINE, PsychINFO and Cochrane reviews). In addition articles, book chapters and other literature known to the authors were reviewed. The findings were then formulated into a set of recommendations that were developed by a multidisciplinary team of clinicians who routinely deal with mood disorders. These preliminary recommendations underwent extensive consultative review by a broader advisory panel that included experts in the field, clinical staff and patient representatives. Results: The clinical practice recommendations for bipolar disorder (bipolar CPR) summarise evidence-based treatments and provide a synopsis of recommendations relating to each phase of the illness. They are designed for clinical use and have therefore been presented succinctly in an innovative and engaging manner that is clear and informative. Conclusion: These up-to-date recommendations provide an evidence-based framework that incorporates clinical wisdom and consideration of individual factors in the management of bipolar disorder. Further, the novel style and practical approach should promote their uptake and implementation. © 2009 John Wiley & Sons A/S.
Transcranial direct current stimulation: A promising alternative for the treatment of major depression?$$$ Objective: In recent years, a number of new somatic (non-pharmacological treatments) have been developed for the treatment of major depression and other neuropsychiatric disorders. Among these, one of the most promising is transcranial direct current stimulation. Method: For the present literature review we searched the PubMed between January 1985 and February 2009. To be included, articles should have been published in English and should address general principles of transcranial direct current stimulation and its use in major depression. Discussion: Current protocols for the treatment of major depression with transcranial direct current stimulation usually involve the application of two sponge-electrodes in the scalp. In general, the positive electrode is applied in the region above the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (i.e., F3 region of the 10/20 International System for EEG) and the negative electrode is applied in the region above the right supra-orbital area. A direct electrical current of 1-2 mA is then applied between the electrodes for about 20 minutes, with sessions being daily performed for one to two weeks. Initial studies (including a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial) showed that transcranial direct current stimulation is effective for the treatment of non-complicated major depression and that this technique, when used in depressed patients, is associated with improvement in cognitive performance (including working memory). Finally, transcranial direct current stimulation is safe and well tolerated. Conclusion: Recent studies show that transcranial direct current stimulation is an important neuromodulatory method that may be useful for the treatment of depressed patients. However, further studies are needed to better clarify its precise role in the management of depressive disorders.
Pharmacotherapy of Fibromyalgia$$$ Advances have occurred in the pharmacotherapy of fibromyalgia (FM) and the methodology of clinical trial design in FM in parallel with improved understanding of the underlying pathophysiologic mechanisms. Several medications have been approved for the management of FM based on their clinically meaningful and durable effect on pain in monotherapy trials and their beneficial effect on patients'global impression of change, function, and other key symptom domains such as fatigue, sleep disturbance, and cognition. Adjunctive therapy with medicines targeted to specific symptom domains such as sleep as well as treatments aimed toward common comorbid conditions such as irritable bowel syndrome or disease states such as rheumatoid arthritis should be considered for the purpose of reducing the patient's overall symptom burden. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Analysing antidepressants$$$ Whilst prescription of antidepressant medication is increasing worldwide, controversy still surrounds the place of antidepressant drugs, particularly newer agents in the management of depression. This article provides an overview of antidepressant therapy, highlighting the use of different agents for the varied symptoms of depression. Antidepressant drugs are distinguished by their disparate mechanisms of action, adverse effect profiles and clinical utility. In addition, the use of these drugs in special populations such as the elderly, in pregnancy and in suicidal patients is considered. Patient counselling is suggested in order to increase patient awareness and compliance.
The Indiana Cancer Pain and Depression (INCPAD) trial. Design of a telecare management intervention for cancer-related symptoms and baseline characteristics of study participants$$$ Objective: Pain and depression are two of the most prevalent and treatable cancer-related symptoms, each present in at least 20-30% of oncology patients. Both symptoms are frequently either unrecognized or undertreated, however. This article describes a telecare management intervention delivered by a nurse-psychiatrist team that is designed to improve recognition and treatment of pain and depression. The enrolled sample is also described. Methods: The Indiana Cancer Pain and Depression study is a National Cancer Institute-sponsored randomized clinical trial. Four hundred five patients with cancer-related pain and/or clinically significant depression from 16 urban or rural oncology practices throughout Indiana have been enrolled and randomized to either the intervention group or to a usual-care control group. Intervention patients receive centralized telecare management coupled with automated home-based symptom monitoring. Outcomes will be assessed at 1, 3, 6 and 12 months by research assistants blinded to treatment arms. Results: Of 4465 patients screened, 2185 (49%) endorsed symptoms of pain or depression. Of screen-positive patients, about one-third were ineligible (most commonly due to pain or depression not meeting severity thresholds or to pain that is not related to cancer). Of the 405 patients enrolled, 32% have depression only, 24% have pain only and 44% have both depression and pain. At baseline, participants reported an average of 16.8 days out of the past 4 weeks during which they were confined to bed or had to reduce their usual activities by ≥50% due to pain or depression. Also, 176 (44%) reported being unable to work due to health reasons. Conclusions: When completed, the Indiana Cancer Pain and Depression trial will test whether centralized telecare management coupled with automated home-based symptom monitoring improves outcomes in cancer patients with depression and/or pain. Findings will be important for both oncologists and mental health clinicians confronted with oncology patients' depression or pain. © 2009 Elsevier Inc.
Core symptoms of depression : Effectiveness of antidepressant therapy$$$ Summary: Core symptoms of depression are a combination of psychological and somatic symptoms, often associated with psychomotor and cognitive disturbances. The diagnostic classifications of depression include the concepts of melancholic, endogenous, or severe depression. All subgroups describe severely depressed patients suffering from most of the core symptoms of depression. In addition these patients exhibit the clinical characteristics of a recurrent unipolar or bipolar course, lower placebo response rates, or higher response rates to ECT, to antidepressant treatments with dually or mixed modes of action, or to lithium augmentation. Higher rates of HPA axis hyperactivity and specific EEG patterns may also occur in this patient group. This suggests a broad overlap of patient subgroups within the diagnostic classification of depression. Because the positive diagnosis of the core symptoms of depression may include clinical consequences, it would be useful to integrate all these concepts into the upcoming new versions of the diagnostic systems DSM-V and ICD-11. © 2009 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Response to rTMS in resistant depressed patients, and baseline fluorodeoxyglucose-PET in prefrontal and limbic regions$$$ Background: Previous rTMS studies have suggested that the therapeutic response to rTMS might be related to changes in cerebral baseline metabolism. We sought to study baseline 18-fluorodeoxyglucose uptake patterns in depressed patients compared with healthy subjects, particularly in responders versus non responders to active 10 Hz rTMS. Methods: 48 patients with resistant depression and 39 healthy subjects underwent 18-FDG-positron tomography. Baseline regional glucose metabolism (rCMRglu) was assessed using a whole-brain voxel-based analysis, using SPM5 to detect regions where groups significantly differed. The patients were randomized to receive either 10-day active standard left pre-frontal TMS (N=18), standard sham TMS (N=14), or PET-guided active TMS (N=16). Treatment response was an at least 50% decrease in MADRS baseline scores. Among the 34 activelytreated patients, 18 were responders and 16 non responders. Results: The non-responders displayed decreased rCMRglu in anterior cingulate cortex, left inferior frontal gyrus, left middle frontal gyrus, and right insula in comparison with healthy subjects; and in the left middle frontal gyrus and right inferior parietal lobule in comparison with responders. Nonresponders also had significant rCMRglu increases in left inferior temporal, superior temporal, and fusiform gyri, as compared with healthy subjects; and increased left amygdala rCMRglu in comparison with responders. Responders had significant decreases in left inferior frontal gyrus and in right anterior cingulate cortex as compared with healthy subjects. Conclusions: Patients with resistant depression who did not respond to active rTMS displayed extended rCMRglu decreases in prefrontal regions, and increases in temporal limbic regions. No metabolic increase was observed in responders.
Promising antidepressant effect of 20 Hz rTMS in treatment of bipolar depression$$$ Background: Few studies have been done regarding the antidepressant effect of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) treatment in bipolar depression. This open-labeled study hypothesizes that 20Hz rTMS on the left dorsal prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) may benefit bipolar depression with minimal side effects. Methods: Adult candidates with treatment resistant (failed > 2 medications) bipolar depression by DSM-IV and Hamilton Depression Rating Score (HAMD21) ≥ 18 were recruited after signing consent. Qualified patients accepted fifteen sessions of daily 100% Motor-Threshold 20Hz rTMS at LDLPFC on weekdays while psychotropic medications were kept unchanged from 4 or more weeks before rTMS started. Results: Preliminary result of the first 7 participants indicates significant decreases from mean HAMD21 scores of 29 at baseline: 18.43 points (SD7.46) at the end of treatment and 16.85 (SD6.23) at 2-week follow-up (paired 2-tail T-tests for both: p ≤ 0.001). Mean score deductions of Self Report Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology are also statistically significant. Six participants (86%) responded (HAMD drop ≥ 50%) and four (57%) reached remission (HAM-D21 ≤ 7) during or at the end of 3-week rTMS. No significant detriment was observed via Hopkins Verbal Learning Test, Mini Mental State Examination, Symptom Checklist-90-Revised, and Young Mania Rating Scale. Tolerable focal pain took place among 3 patients but disappeared over the treatment course. No seizure or mania occurred. Conclusions: The data suggests antidepressant effect and reasonable safety of the 20 Hz rTMS on LDLPFC in treatment of bipolar depression. Due to the small sample size, placebo effect, and potential bias, randomized shamcontrolled studies with a large sample are required for a conclusion.
Effects of 3 different stimulus intensities and ultrabrief pulse electrical stimulus waveform in right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in major depression: A randomized, double-blind study$$$ Background:Efficacy and cognitive outcome of ECT is depending on electrode placement, pulse width and electrical dosage. High-dosage right unilateral ECT (RULECT) is associated with better antidepressive effects than low-dosage ECT. There is only a paucity of studies examining the effects of different stimulus intensities in RULECT, especially with very high dosages (more than 6 × seizure threshold (ST)) and with a ultrabrief pulse stimulus waveform. In this prospective, randomized, double-blind trial, we examined the efficacy of 3 different stimulus intensities (4 × ST, 7 × ST and 10 × ST). Methods: Patients with major depression or bipolar depression were included. After determination of the seizure threshold, they were randomly assigned to one of the 3 stimulus intensities and were stimulated with this intensity for 9 ECT sessions. For stimulation, we used an ultrabrief pulse (0.3 milliseconds). To evaluate severity of depression, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS, 28 item version) and the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) were completed at baseline and after 9 ECT sessions. The primary outcome was the response rate (50 % reduction of the HDRS).Results: 42 patients were included. There was no significant difference in HDRS-28 and BDI scores between the three intensity groups, all patients responded significantly after 9 ECTs (p < 0.001).Significant BDI decrease was only shown for the very high dosage (10 × ST) group after 9 ECT sessions. Conclusions: The combination of ultrabrief stimulus waveform and high dosage stimulus intensity seem to lead to better (self reported) antidepressive effects than low-dosage ECT.
Bilateral transcranial magnetic stimulation: Does adding right low frequency diminish the antidepressant effect of left high frequency treatment$$$ Background:Both left high frequency (HF) and right low frequency (LF) transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) delivered over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex are reported to have antidepressant effects. We hypothesized that combining these would enhance antidepressant efficacy. Methods: 65 depressed medication-resistant patients meeting DSM criteria for major depressive disorder (MDD) on Structured Clinical Interview for DSMIV interview were withdrawn from antidepressants for 10 days then randomly assigned to 4 TMS groups: True Left HF plus sham right LF (Uni Left), Sham Left HF plus Sham right LF (Sham), Sham Left HF plus True right LF (Uni Right), True Left HF plus True right LF (Bilat). TMS was administered daily for 10 days at 90-110% motor threshold. HF TMS was administered over 20 eight-second trains at 10 Hz. LF TMS was administered over 2 sixty-second trains at 1 Hz. Sertraline or citalopram was started on the day of the first TMS in all subjects. The 17 item Hamilton depression rating scale (HamD) was administered weekly for 6 weeks. Results: Unexpectedly, the % change of the HamD from baseline over time was lower in subjects receiving either Uni Right or Bilat TMS compared with subjects receiving Uni Left or Sham TMS (Time by group interaction: F=2.211, df=10, 310, p=.017). Conclusions: Bilat TMS is not more effective that unilateral TMS. Adding right LF TMS appears to diminish the antidepressant effects of left HF TMS.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depression: Examination of cognitive function during acute treatment$$$ Background:TMS is safe and effective in patients with major depression (MDD) who have failed to receive benefit from initial pharmacotherapy. In this report, we provide additional evidence of the effect of TMS on cognitive function during acute treatment. Methods: Cognitive function was examined in a multisite, randomized controlled trial of NeuroStar TMS therapy in patients with pharmacoresistant MDD (O'Reardon, 2007) (N=155 active TMS, N=146 sham TMS). Specific measures of global cognition (Mini Mental Status Examination), short-term (Buschke Selective Reminding Test) and long-term (Autobiographical Memory Interview-Short Form) memory were obtained prior to first treatment, and at 4 and 6 weeks during an acute treatment course of daily, left prefrontal TMS. Results: There was no deterioration within or between treatment groups on any measure of cognition during acute treatment. Additionally, each treatment group was stratified by clinical outcome (HAMD24 responder) at the end of 6 weeks. Within the TMS group only, there was a statistically significant improvement on the BSRT in the TMS responders compared to TMS nonresponders for both short-term recall (P = 0.0116 at 4 weeks; P = 0.0038 at 6 weeks) and delayed recall (P = 0.0463 at 4 weeks; P = 0.0012 at 6 weeks). This improvement in cognitive function was not seen in sham treated patients (P = NS at both 4 and 6 weeks). Conclusions: These results suggest that clinical recovery with active TMS is associated with an improvement in short-term verbal memory that cannot be fully accounted for by improvement in mood.
Clinical efficacy, tolerability and safety of theta-burst TMS in patients with major depression, results from a pilot study$$$ Background: The aim of this preliminary study was to evaluate tolerability, safety and short-term antidepressant effects of theta-burst transcranial magnetic stimulation (TBS) in patients with major depression (MD). Methods: A total of 19 subjects with MD were enrolled into one of two treatment protocols. In the first protocol, thirteen consenting patients were assigned to receive either continuous TBS (cTBS) administered to the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) (n=6) or intermittent TBS (iTBS) administered to left DLPFC (n=7). Each treatment session included 600 pulses of cTBS or iTBS at an intensity of 90% active motor threshold (aMT). Patients enrolled in the second treatment protocol (n=6) received cTBS to the right DLPFC at an intensity of 100% aMT and consisted of 900 pulses per session. All patients received 2 daily treatment sessions for 10 consecutive work days. Severity of depression was assessed by the Hamilton depression scale. Results: Eighteen out of 19 patients completed the treatment protocol without any adverse effects. Nine of them (two who received left DLPFC 90%aMT iTBS; four who received right DLPFC 90%aMT cTBS; and three who received right DLPFC 100%aMT cTBS) had marked clinical improvement. One patient from the second treatment protocol group dropped out after 4 treatment sessions due to painful scalp sensations which appeared just under TMS coil during stimulation at an intensity of 100% aMT. Conclusions: The results of this preliminary study suggest that in patients with major depression TBS, as applied in our treatment protocol, has antidepressant effects, is safe and well tolerated. Furthermore, cTBS to the right DLPFC seems to have more prominent antidepressant action than left sided iTBS. Further randomized controlled studies are required to evaluate the therapeutic efficacy of TBS in major depression.
A comparison of 3 electrode placements in ECT. A report from C.O.R.E.$$$ Background:Three different electrode placements are in clinical use for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). This study compared the antidepressant efficacy and cognitive effects of bifrontal (BF), bitemporal (BT), and right unilateral (RUL) electrode placements. Methods: This is a multicenter, NIMH-funded, randomized, double blind. 230 acutely depressed patients, both bipolar and unipolar, were randomly assigned to one of three electrode placements during an acute course of ECT: BF at 1.5 times seizure threshold (ST), BT at 1.5 times ST, and RUL at 6 times ST. Patients were treated until they achieved pre-specified remission criteria and then were followed naturalistically for two months. A comprehensive neurocognitive battery was performed at baseline, after the fourth ECT, after the last ECT, and at 1 week and 2 months after the last ECT. Results: All 3 electrode placements resulted in both clinically and statistically significant antidepressant outcomes. We found no statistical evidence to suggest differences in efficacy between the three electrode placements. Our cognitive data revealed few differences between the electrode placements on a variety of neuropsychological instruments. Conclusions: All three electrode placements in clinical use are very effective antidepressants, Choosing among them should take into account both patient and practitioner preference as well as the specific clinical situation for which the treatment is being used.
Review of choice and use of antidepressants$$$ In the first of a new series of articles on the major psychiatric drug groups, produced in association with the College of Mental Health Pharmacists, the author discusses the use of antidepressants through a review of the most recent clinical literature. Pharmacology, interactions and side-effects as well as drug choice and information to give to patients are described.
Outcome of late-life depression after 3 years of sequential treatment$$$ Objective: To study the outcome of a sequential treatment protocol in elderly, severely depressed in-patients. Method: All 81 patients from a 12-week double-blind randomized controlled trial (RCT) comparing venlafaxine with nortriptyline were asked to participate in a 3 year follow-up study. Thirty-two patients who did not achieve remission during the RCT, entered an open sequential treatment protocol and were treated with augmentation with lithium, switch to a monoamine oxidase inhibitor or ECT. Results: Seventy-eight of the 81 patients (96.3%) achieved a response [≥50% reduction in Montgomery åsberg Depression Rating Scale score) and 68 patients (84%) a complete remission (final MADRS score ≤ 10) within 3 years of treatment. Greater severity and longer duration of the depressive episode at baseline predicted poor recovery. Augmentation with lithium may be the best treatment option in treatment resistant depressed elderly. Only few patients dropped-out due to side-effects. Conclusion: Our study demonstrates the importance of persisting with antidepressant treatment in elderly patients who do not respond to the first or second treatment. © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Electroconvulsive therapy for depressive episodes: A brief review$$$ A representative case is presented to provide a forum for a brief review of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), a treatment that remains safe and effective in treating several psychiatric and neuropsychiatric conditions. The history, indications, efficacy, adverse events, treatment course, and aftercare are discussed in order to provide the reader a general introduction to this useful procedure.
Treatment strategies for nonmotor manifestations of Parkinson's disease$$$ To date, Parkinson's disease tends to have been perceived mainly as a disorder affecting the extrapyramidal motor system and leading to tremor, bradykinesia, rigidity, and - in later stages - postural instability. However, it is now apparent that patients frequently experience additional clinical symptoms, such as pain, autonomic and sensory dysfunction, neuropsychiatric disorders and sleep disorders. These symptoms often impair patients' quality of life to a greater extent than the motor symptoms. Treatment of these nonmotor features is mandatory and directly improves quality of life. Unfortunately, hardly any double-blind, randomized, controlled studies are available, with the consequence that most recommendations are not based on the highest level of evidence. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd. All rights reserved.
A randomized trial of rTMS targeted with MRI based neuro-navigation in treatment-resistant depression$$$ The aim of this study is to investigate whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) targeted to a specific site in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), with a neuro-navigational method based on structural MRI, would be more effective than rTMS applied using the standard localization technique. Fifty-one patients with treatment-resistant depression were randomized to receive a 3-week course (with a potential 1-week extension) of high-frequency (10 Hz) left-sided rTMS. Thirty trains (5 s duration) were applied daily 5 days per week at 100% of the resting motor threshold. Treatment was targeted with either the standard 5 cm technique (n=27) or using a neuro-navigational approach (n=24). This involved localizing the scalp location that corresponds to a specific site at the junction of Brodmann areas 46 and 9 in the DLPFC based on each individual subject's MRI scan. There was an overall significant reduction in the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale scores over the course of the trial, and a better outcome in the targeted group compared with the standard localization group at 4 weeks (p=0.02). Significant differences were also found on secondary outcome variables. The use of neuro-navigational methods to target a specific DLPFC site appears to enhance response to rTMS treatment in depression. Further research is required to confirm this in larger samples, or to establish whether an alternate method based on surface anatomy, including measurement from motor cortex, can be substituted for the standard 5 cm method. © 2009 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Efficacy and cerebral haemodynamics of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in obsessive compulsive disorder: A sham controlled study$$$ Aim: To examine the efficacy and change in cerebral blood flow following adjunctive right prefrontal high-frequency (rapid) rTMS treatment in OCD patients. Method: 42 patients of OCD were randomly assigned to 10 sessions of add-on high frequency right prefrontal active rTMS (10 Hz, 110% of motor threshold) or sham stimulation. They were rated at baseline and after 2 and 4 weeks with YBOCS, HAM-D and CGI-S and cerebral blood flow velocities were measured with transcranial Doppler (TCD). Results: There was no significant difference in improvement in YBOCS scores between the active and control groups, whereas significant difference in improvement in HAM-D scores was found implying efficacy of active rTMS in improving co-morbid depressive symptoms in OCD. Statistically significant difference was not noted for TCD variables on either side over time across active or sham groups. Conclusion: Adjunctive high frequency right prefrontal rTMS does not have any significant effect in the treatment of OCD. However, its effective in treatment of co-morbid depressive symptoms in patients with OCD.
A single session of rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex influences attentional control in depressed patients$$$ Depressed patients are impaired in the ability to shift their focus of attention. This attentional control process is related to dysfunctions in the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). It has been proposed that a dorsal circuit plays an important role in the interaction between emotional and attentional information processing. However, because the different emphasis of fundamental cognitive neuroscience research and clinical research of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the DLPFC, little research has been done on the effects of rTMS on cognitive functioning after a single stimulation session to explore the neural systems underlying depression. This study was conducted as a double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover, within subjects design. Sixteen depressed patients performed a modified task switching paradigm, before and after receiving high frequency (HF) versus placebo rTMS over the left DLPFC. One session of HF- rTMS over the left DLPFC had a specific beneficial effect on task-switching performance, whereas mood remained stable. Antidepressant effects of rTMS could be related to the same neurochemical changes that underlie cognitive functioning. Therefore, task switching performance may provide a unique window into the extent of antidepressant effects which can be considered as second-order long-term effects possibly related to primary alternations in cognitive functioning.
Placebo response of non-pharmacological and pharmacological trials in major depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Although meta-analyses have shown that placebo responses are large in Major Depressive Disorder (MDD) trials; the placebo response of devices such as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has not been systematically assessed. We proposed to assess placebo responses in two categories of MDD trials: pharmacological (antidepressant drugs) and non-pharmacological (device- rTMS) trials. Methodology/Principal Findings: We performed a systematic review and meta-analysis of the literature from April 2002 to April 2008, searching MEDLINE, Cochrane, Scielo and CRISP electronic databases and reference lists from retrieved studies and conference abstracts. We used the keywords placebo and depression and escitalopram for pharmacological studies; and transcranial magnetic stimulation and depression and sham for non-pharmacological studies. All randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, parallel articles on major depressive disorder were included. Forty-one studies met our inclusion criteria - 29 in the rTMS arm and 12 in the escitalopram arm. We extracted the mean and standard values of depression scores in the placebo group of each study. Then, we calculated the pooled effect size for escitalopram and rTMS arm separately, using Cohen's d as the measure of effect size. We found that placebo response are large for both escitalopram (Cohen's d - random-effects model - 1.48; 95%C.I. 1.26 to 1.6) and rTMS studies (0.82; 95%C.I. 0.63 to 1). Exploratory analyses show that sham response is associated with refractoriness and with the use of rTMS as an add-on therapy, but not with age, gender and sham method utilized. Conclusions/Significance: We confirmed that placebo response in MDD is large regardless of the intervention and is associated with depression refractoriness and treatment combination (add-on rTMS studies). The magnitude of the placebo response seems to be related with study population and study design rather than the intervention itself. © 2009 Brunoni et al.
Premedication with dexmedetomidine and midazolam attenuates agitation after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Purpose: This study was designed to compare the effects of premedication with dexmedetomidine and midazolam on post-electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) agitation (which patients had experienced previously and had been resistant to treatment). In addition, we aimed to evaluate the duration of convulsion, the propofol requirement, the recovery time, and patients' satisfaction during and after ECT. Methods: Fifteen patients with depressive episodes of bipolar disorder and nonbipolar recurrent depression and patients who underwent a series of three consecutive ECT treatments were studied as a crossover design. In this double-blind and placebo-controlled study, patients were randomly allocated to receive either dexmedetomidine, 0.5 μg·kg-1 (group Dex), midazolam, 0.025 mg·kg-1 (group Dor), or saline (group C) in a total volume of 20 ml given intravenously 10 min before the induction of anesthesia. Propofol was administered until the patients did not respond to a verbal command. Results: The mean duration of convulsive activity was longer in group Dex than in group C and group Dor (P < 0.05). The total dose of propofol requirement in group Dor and group Dex was lower than that in group C (P < 0.05). Agitation scores in both groups Dor and Dex were significantly lower than scores in group C (P < 0.05) at 10 and 15 min after ECT. Conclusion: Premedication with low-dose intravenous dexmedetomidine, 0.5 μg·kg-1 or midazolam, 0.025 mg·kg-1 before ECT may be useful in managing treatment-resistant agitation after ECT, without adverse effects. © Japanese Society of Anesthesiologists 2009.
Effects of stimulus intensity on the efficacy and safety of twice-weekly, bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) combined with antipsychotics in acute mania: A randomised controlled trial$$$ Objectives: To examine differences in speed of improvement and remission in people with mania undergoing bilateral, brief-pulse, twice-weekly electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) at stimulus intensities administered just above and 2.5 times their individually titrated seizure threshold. Methods: Consecutive, eligible subjects with mania, prescribed ECT, were randomised to receive treatments at stimulus doses either just above or 2.5 times their individually titrated seizure thresholds. Main outcomes were the speed of improvement and remission as measured by the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) and the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement scale (CGI-I) and cognitive side effects assessed by the Mini-Mental State Exam, the Wechsler Memory Scale, and a scale for autobiographical memory. Results: A total of 24/26 subjects (92.3%) given threshold ECT and 22/24 subjects (91.7%) given suprathreshold ECT were significantly improved [CGI=2; odds ratio (OR)=1.1, 95% confidence interval (CI): 0.1-8.4; p=1.0] at the end of ECT. A total of 88% of the sample had remitted [YMRS < 10; threshold 23/26 (88.5%) versus suprathreshold 21/24 (87.5%)], with no significant differences between interventions (OR=1.1, 95% CI: 0.2-6.0; p=1.0). The interventions did not differ significantly in the time or number of ECT treatments required for improvement or remission. Both interventions were equally safe. Conclusions: Bilateral, twice-weekly ECT delivered at stimulus intensities just above individually titrated seizure threshold was as effective and safe as ECT administered at stimulus intensities 2.5 times seizure threshold in rapidly resolving the symptoms of acute mania. © 2009 The Authors Journal compilation © 2009 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Extraordinary meridian treatment for severe mental disorders plus augmentation with psychotherapy, Indian Raga music, and essential oils$$$ Both Western medicine and Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) view severe mental disorders as chronic, difficult to treat, and caused, in part, by genetic factors. TCM scholars believe the Extraordinary Meridians to be a finer, more primary energy field that is present at conception and a reflection of DNA. The author has applied this understanding to the treatment of severe mental disorders. In a 2-step procedure, I have opened the Extraordinary Meridian, then augmented this new energetic balance. Augmentation was accomplished with local treatments and/or "energetic flooding." The latter was done with psychotherapy, Indian Raga music, and/or essential oils. Case reports describe attenuated or extinguished psychotic symptoms, in addition to what appears to be an unblocking of healthy developmental patterns. These results stimulated a reexamination of Western psychiatry's disease model, and speculation of future attempts to validate acupuncture's efficacy using this model and related double-blind studies. These results also led the author to connect my own and others' observations about the relationship between energy states and personality. Other possible models for severe mental disorders are discussed. © 2009 Mary Ann Liebert, Inc.
Pain management with opioid analgesics: Balancing risk & benefit$$$ The "opioid pendulum" swings between providing adequate pain relief and preventing addiction, without solving either problem sufficiently. Policies to address prescription drug abuse in the United States sometimes appear to contradict a practice environment in which chronic pain can be adequately treated. Pharmacovigilance when prescribing controlled substances for chronic pain requires physicians to first make a risk/benefit analysis and then to reassess during ongoing treatment. It is important that physicians document this analysis with transparency so regulators can see that risk is being assessed and managed. Physicians must balance the benefits and risks of COAT so that they can continue to treat pain effectively and improve functional outcomes, while at the same time avoid indiscriminate prescribing. Physicians have an obligation to be thorough, thoughtful, logically consistent, and careful-but there is no realistic expectation that they will always be "right." Advances in the science and art of medicine emphasize rational patient assessment and selection for treatment, the benefits and limitations of pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic management, and careful monitoring. Even small changes to clinical practice can promote safe controlled substances prescribing, and will likely improve the overall standard of care. Copyright © 2009 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
A randomized trial of the anti-depressant effects of low- and high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: The majority of studies investigating the effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)asatreatmentfor majordepressionhave focused on high-frequency rTMS to the left prefrontal cortex (HFL-rTMS). In addition, low-frequencyright prefrontal rTMS (LFR-rTMS) has also been shown to have antidepressant properties. To date only a small number ofstudies have directly compared the efficacy of these two approaches. Methods: The aim of this study, therefore, was to investigate further whether LFR-rTMS is as effective as HFL- rTMS in the treatment of major depression. Twenty-seven patients were randomized to one of two treatment arms (HFL-rTMS or LFR-rTMS) for 3 weeks with a possible 1-week extension. Non-responders were offered the opportunity of crossing over to the other treatment type. Stimulation parameters for HFL-rTMS were 30 stimulation trains of 5 s duration at 100% of the resting motor threshold (RMT);for LFR-rTMS,stimulation wasappliedin fourt rains of 180s duration (30s intertrain interval) at 110% ofthe RMT. Stimulation was provided 5-week days per week. Results: There were significant improvements seen from baseline to end point irrespective ofgroup and on all clinical outcome measures. In addition, there was no deterioration in any ofthe measures used to assess cognitive change, and significant improvements were seen on measures ofimmediate verbal memory and verbal fluency. Conclusions: HFL-rTMS and LFR-rTMS appear to be equally efficacious in treating major depression. This study adds to the growing literature supporting LFR-rTMS as an additional viable method of rTMS delivery in the treatment of depression. © 2008 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Sham electroconvulsive therapy studies in depressive illness: A review of the literature and consideration of the placebo phenomenon in electroconvulsive therapy practice$$$ The gold standard for the establishment of therapeutic efficacy is the randomized placebo-controlled trial. In the case of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), there is an older literature of a dozen so-called "sham ECT" trials. When cited, these trials are typically referred to as unequivocally demonstrating the superiority of ECT over sham ECT. However, there is an intriguingly high sham ECT response rate in some of the studies, and there is also some information regarding ECT response of depressive subtypes that informs the modern ECT practitioner. In this report, the sham ECT literature is reviewed in detail, and the author discusses possible mechanisms by which sham-treated patients improved. © 2009 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
The primacy of mania: A reconsideration of mood disorders$$$ In contemporary psychiatry, depression and mania are conceived as different entities. They may occur together, as in bipolar disorder, or they may occur separately, as in unipolar depression. This view is partly based on a narrow definition of mania and a rather broad definition of depression. Generally, depression is seen as more prominent, common, and problematic; while mania appears uncommon and treatment-responsive. We suggest a reversal: mania viewed broadly, not as simply episodic euphoria plus hyperactivity, but a wide range of excitatory behaviors; and depression seen more narrowly. Further, using pharmacological and clinical evidence, and in contrast to previous theories of mania interpreted as a flight from depression, we propose the primacy of mania hypothesis (PM): depression is a consequence of the excitatory processes of mania. If correct, current treatment of depressive illness needs revision. Rather than directly lifting mood with antidepressants, the aim would be to suppress manic-like excitation, with depression being secondarily prevented. Potential objections to, and empirical tests of, the PM hypothesis are discussed. © 2008 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Cerebrovascular disease and depression: A double whammy$$$ Depression can be both a risk factor for the development of cerebrovascular disease and an important determinant of morbidity and mortality among patients with concomitant cerebrovascular disease. The focus of this session will be on novel treatments of vascular depression and strategies for identifying mechanisms through which cerebrovascular disease can contribute to the development of depression and anxiety. Dr. Robert G. Robinson will present data from two prospective randomized controlled trials on the efficacy of using left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to treat vascular depression among patients who have failed to respond to previous treatment with antidepressants. Dr. Courtney DeVries will provide evidence suggesting that mouse models of stroke and cardiac arrest can be used to evaluate the physiological mechanisms underlying post-ischemic depression and anxiety. She also will present data from these models suggesting that persistent neuroinflammation may be contributing to the onset of post-ischemic depression. Dr. Gretchen Neigh will use a rat model of microembolisms to establish a causal relationship between small, randomly positioned cerebral infarcts and increased anxiety. Together, these presentations will evaluate a novel treatment of vascular depression and highlight the need for improved understanding of the mechanisms underlying the influences of cerebrovascular and cardiovascular disease on affect.
Benefits of extended-release opioid analgesic formulations in the treatment of chronic pain$$$ Chronic noncancer pain represents a major health problem that affects many patients, resulting in suffering, reduced productivity, and substantial health care costs. The patient with chronic noncancer pain is burdened by decreased quality of life, decreased sleep, interference with social relationships, diminished cognitive functions, interference with activities of daily living, decreased productivity, and increased anxiety and depression. A survey examining the burden of pain on health and productivity found decreases of 45% in physical health and 23% in mental health at a cost of $61.2 billion per year in productive work time. An American Pain Society survey of 800 patients with moderate to severe chronic pain reported that 47% felt their pain was not under control. The goal of pharmacological therapy for chronic noncancer pain is to provide sustained analgesia. Chronic pain management guidelines recommend the use of long-acting, extended-release (ER) analgesics because they provide prolonged, more consistent plasma concentrations of drug compared with short-acting agents, thus minimizing fluctuations that could contribute to end-of-dose breakthrough pain. ER analgesics offer more consistent and improved nighttime pain control, less need to awaken at night to take another dose of pain medication, and less clock-watching by patients in chronic noncancer pain. Among the available ER opioids, tramadol ER possesses a unique mechanism of action, making it a viable opioid of first choice for patients suffering from a variety of chronic noncancer pain conditions, such as osteoarthritis, low back pain, and neuropathic pain. © Journal compilation © 2009 World Institute of Pain.
Dialectical behaviour therapy for adolescents$$$ BACKGROUND: According to several randomised controlled trials (RCT'S) dialectical behaviour therapy (DBT) is effective in treating adults diagnosed with borderline personality disorder (BPD) who present with self-injurious and suicidal behaviour. In recent years there have been several studies about DBT in adolescents with varying problems and disorders. AIM: To review the literature for evidence of the effectiveness of DBT in adolescents aged 12 to 18. METHOD: With the help of PubMed and Medline and using the search-terms 'dialectical', 'adolescent', 'suicide attempt' and 'deliberate self harm', we searched the literature for references to DBT in adolescents. RESULTS: There were no RCT'S involving DBT in adolescents, but we did find one quasi-experimental design and several other studies with a pre-post treatment design. However, the studies were difficult to compare. In some cases it was doubtful whether the treatment could still be called DBT. The results suggested that DBT may bejust as effective with adolescents as it is with adults in reducing BPD symptoms, suicidal ideation, and comorbid depressive disorder symptoms, and in reducing the need/or hospitalisation. The results also indicated that DBT might be effective in treating eating disorders, bipolar disorder, oppositionality, aggression and nonsuicidal self-injurious behaviour (NSIB) in a variety of treatment settings. CONCLUSION: DBT is possibly effective for treating adolescents with NSIB and/or BPD symptoms. It may also be an effective treatment for various other affective and behavioural disorders, RCT'S are needed.
Treatment of depression in patients with congestive heart failure$$$ Heart failure is common, and depression is common in heart failure patients, adding substantially to the burden of the disease. There is some evidence for the safe and at least modestly effective use of psychotherapy and antidepressants to treat depression in heart failure patients. Cognitive behavioral psychotherapy and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are first line treatments. The efficacy of depression treatment in altering cardiac outcomes in heart failure patients has yet to be established. © Springer Science+Business Media, LLC 2007.
Is baseline medication resistance associated with potential for relapse after successful remission of a depressive episode with ECT? Data from the Consortium for Research on Electroconvulsive Therapy (CORE)$$$ Objective: To test whether pre-electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) medication resistance is associated with post-ECT relapse rates. Method: In a post hoc analysis of data from a large multicenter trial of post-ECT relapse prevention strategies (conducted from May 1997 to July 2004), we assessed whether response to antidepressant medications prior to ECT for a unipolar nonpsychotic depressive episode (DSM-IV) was associated with differential relapse rates after remission with ECT. Baseline (i.e., pre-ECT) medication use was assessed with the Antidepressant Treatment History Form. Following remission with ECT that was stable for 1 week, patients were randomly assigned to receive 6 months of treatment with either combination lithium carbonate/nortriptyline or continuation ECT. Relapse was assessed with the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. There were 146 patients followed in the first week after remission (termed the interim week in this study), and 73 in the randomized phase of the study. For the purposes of this trial, medication resistance is defined as not having responded to at least 1 adequate trial of an antidepressant medication before ECT. Results: In the first week after acute remission, 9.8% of patients not having at least 1 antidepressant medication trial met relapse criteria, while 31.4% of medication-resistant patients met relapse criteria, a difference that was statistically significant (p = .026). In the randomized phase of the study, 34.6% of non-medication-resistant patients relapsed, while 50.0% of medication-resistant patients relapsed, a difference that was not significant (p = .434). Conclusion: We conclude that nonpsychotic patients who had at least 1 adequate antidepressant medication trial before ECT may be especially prone to early relapse after successful acute remission with ECT. © Copyright 2009 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
An update on the treatment of bipolar depression$$$ Background: Although depression accounts for a large part of the burden associated with bipolar disorder, its drug treatment has been under-studied. Objective: To provide the best available evidence supporting the pharmacotherapy of bipolar depression. Methods: A systematic review was conducted, focusing on randomized, controlled trials (RCTs) and meta-analyses. Results/conclusions: Despite FDA approval of both the olanzapine-fluoxetine combination and quetiapine for the treatment of acute bipolar depression, independent RCTs (i.e., not trials conducted 'under the umbrella' of a drug company) have not found any drug to have antidepressant effects similar to those seen in unipolar depression. A practice-based suggestion, valuable for both short- and long-term treatment, might be to have a background of mood stabilizers and to add drugs, following one of several treatment options, trusting to find a drug with a degree of effectiveness by trial and error. The list of drugs that could be used would include all the current antidepressants, the olanzapine-fluoxetine combination and probably quetiapine too. Special features and situations might also influence treatment options. © 2009 Informa UK Ltd All rights reserved.
Depressive disorders in elderly: treatment possibilities rather than pharmacotherapy$$$ Treatment of depression is one of the most challenging issues in adult populations. In adults, response rates to classic treatments are lower than expected. The effectiveness of different treatment strategies could be related to age, sex and physical conditions of the patients. The side-effect profile in adult population affects pharmacological interventions. The aim of this review is to present the non-pharmacological treatment strategies in the adult population. However, possible treatment strategies such as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), and deep brain stimulation (DBS) were less frequently studied in this population. ECT was found to be the most effective treatment procedure for depression of adults. There were only a few double-blind sham (placebo) controlled studies with demonstrated effectiveness of TMS. DBS lacks double-blind studies of this invasive treatment method. ECT seems to be the gold standard for the treatment of resistant patients in this population but the side-effect profile of ECT in this sensitive population will be discussed. Double-blind sham controlled studies with larger samples are necessary to confirm preliminary results with TMS and DBS.
Methohexitone, propofol and etomidate in electroconvulsive therapy for depression: A naturalistic comparison study$$$ Background: Methohexitone has been the most widely used anaesthetic for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). However, recent scarcity and erratic availability has led to use of other anaesthetics with differing effects upon ECT. We compared treatment parameters and response to ECT in patients anaesthetised with different anaesthetics in a routine clinical setting. Methods: This was a naturalistic retrospective casenote analysis of 81 consecutive courses of ECT (total 659 treatments) for major depression. Results: Three anaesthetics were compared: methohexitone (n = 34), propofol (n = 13) and etomidate (n = 34). Mean seizure duration was lowest (p < 0.0001) for propofol. However, mean stimulus charge was highest in the propofol group (p < 0.0001) who required a greater increase in stimulus charge during the course of treatment and also experienced a greater proportion of failed seizures (≤ 15 s on EEG). Despite differing effects upon treatment parameters, choice of anaesthetic did not appear to significantly affect therapeutic response to ECT. Use of propofol may be associated with longer treatment course that could result in extra cost. Limitations: This was a retrospective casenote study, in which patients were not randomised to anaesthetic and standardised outcome measures were not used. The small sample size in the propofol group may have reduced the power of the study to demonstrate other differences between propofol and the other anaesthetic groups. A formal economic analysis was not performed. Conclusion: Individual anaesthetics differentially influence seizure duration and stimulus charge but final response to ECT appears not to be adversely affected. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The management of tics$$$ A tic is a stereotyped repetitive involuntary movement or sound, frequently preceded by premonitory sensations or urges. Most tic disorders are genetic or idiopathic in nature, possibly due to a developmental failure of inhibitory function within frontal-subcortical circuits modulating volitional movements. Currently available oral medications can reduce the severity of tics, but rarely eliminate them. Botulinum toxin injections can be effective if there are a few particularly disabling motor tics. Deep brain stimulation has been reported to be an effective treatment for the most severe cases, but remains unproven. A comprehensive evaluation accounting for secondary causes, psychosocial factors, and comorbid neuropsychiatric conditions is essential to successful treatment of tic disorders. © 2008 Movement Disorder Society.
Controversy: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation or transcranial direct current stimulation shows efficacy in treating psychiatric diseases (depression, mania, schizophrenia, obsessive-complusive disorder, panic, posttraumatic stress disorder)$$$ Brain imaging studies performed over the past 20 years have generated new knowledge about the specific brain regions involved in the brain diseases that have been classically labeled as psychiatric. These include the mood and anxiety disorders, and the schizophrenias. As a natural next step, clinical researchers have investigated whether the minimally invasive brain stimulation technologies (transcranial magnetic stimulation [TMS] or transcranial direct current stimulation [tDCS]) might potentially treat these disorders. In this review, we critically review the research studies that have examined TMS or tDCS as putative treatments for depression, mania, obsessive-complusive disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder, panic disorder, or schizophrenia. (Separate controversy articles deal with using TMS or tDCS to treat pain or tinnitus. We will not review here the large number of studies using TMS or tDCS as research probes to understand disease mechanisms of psychiatric disorders.) Although there is an extensive body of randomized controlled trials showing antidepressant effects of daily prefrontal repetitive TMS, the magnitude or durability of this effect remains controversial. US Food and Drug Administration approval of TMS for depression was recently granted. There is much less data in all other diseases, and therapeutic effects in other psychiatric conditions, if any, are still controversial. Several issues and problems extend across all psychiatric TMS studies, including the optimal method for a sham control, appropriate coil location, best device parameters (intensity, frequency, dosage, and dosing schedule) and refining what subjects should be doing during treatment (activating pathologic circuits or not). In general, TMS or tDCS as a treatment for most psychiatric disorders remains exciting but controversial, other than prefrontal TMS for depression. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Depression in patients with heart failure: Clinical implications and management$$$ Mortality and morbidity rates remain high in patients with heart failure despite advances in medical therapy. Heart failure can also significantly worsen quality of life. Attention has been paid to evaluating the effects of psychological disease in patients with heart failure. Depression rates are higher in patients with heart failure than in the general population. Depression has been associated with worse outcomes in patients with heart failure. Those at highest risk for depression include patients with implantable cardioverter-defibrillators, alcohol abuse, history of depression, and multiple comorbidities. Depression may be underdiagnosed in the heart failure population, as symptoms can often be similar in the two disease states. Evidence is limited on the effects of pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic therapy for depression, specifically in patients with heart failure. Based on the available literature, patients with heart failure should be screened routinely for depression. Treatment is known to improve quality of life, but its effect on outcomes such as mortality and hospital admissions for heart failure remains unknown. If treatment includes pharmacologic strategies, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (especially paroxetine and sertraline), mirtazapine, and nefazodone have the strongest efficacy evidence in this population. Based on safety data of these agents and after consideration of comorbid conditions and the potential for drug interactions, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor should be used as first-line therapy. Finally, clinicians should not avoid β- blockers in those with a diagnosis of depression, as recent evidence demonstrates that these agents are not associated with inducing or worsening depressive symptoms.
The use of surrogate outcomes in model-based cost-effectiveness analyses: A survey of UK Health Technology Assessment reports$$$ Objective: To explore the use of surrogate outcomes in Health Technology Assessment (HTA) and provide a basis for guidance for their future use, validation and reporting. This report focuses on the role of surrogate outcomes in cost-effectiveness models (CEMs) within UK HTA Programme reports. Data sources: Reports published in the UK HTA Programme monograph series in 2005 and 2006 formed the sampling frame for this study. Review methods: Reports were selected an the basis that they addressed a treatment effectiveness/efficacy question, that they included a CEM and that the CEM was primarily based on a surrogate outcome. Reports addressing diagnostic, screening, aetiology, prognostic and methodological questions were excluded. Information was extracted from included reports by two reviewers using a stanclardised proforma. Surrogate outcomes were assessed according to two published validation frameworks [Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) criteria and Outcomes Measures in Rheumatology Clinical Trials (OMERACT) scoring schema]. A narrative synthesis of findings is presented in the form of tabular summaries and illustrative qualitative quotations. Results: A total of 35 UK HTA reports published in 2005 and 2006 addressed an effectiveness/efficacy question and contained a CEM. Of these, four were found to have based their CEM on a surrogate outcome. All four reports sourced treatment-related changes in surrogate outcomes through a systematic review of the literature; however, there was some variability in the consistency and transparency by which these reports provided evidence of the validation for the surrogate-final outcome relationship. Only one of the reports undertook a systematic review to specifically seek the evidence base for the association between surrogate and final outcomes. Furthermore, this was the only report to provide level I surrogate-final outcome validation evidence, i.e. RCT data showing a strong association between the change in surrogate outcome (BPAR) and the change in final outcome (graft survival) at an individual patient level. This report met the JAMA criteria for acceptable evidence of a surrogate. Two reports provided level 2 evidence, i.e. observational study data showing the relationship between the surrogate and final outcome, and one report provided level 3 evidence, i.e. a review of disease natural history. None of the four reports achieved a sufficient score on the OMERACT schema to be judged to have acceptable evidence of a surrogate outcome by its authors. Conclusions: In this survey of UK HTA reports about 10% of the CEMs therein were explicitly based on surrogate outcomes. The strength of evidence for the surrogate-final outcome relationship, transparency of quantification and exploration of uncertainty of this relationship were found to vary considerably. Recommendations are made for the use of surrogate outcomes in future HTA reports.
Decreasing procedural pain over time of left prefrontal rtms for depression: Initial results from the open-label phase of a multisite trial (OPT-TMS)$$$ Background: There is much interest in whether daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over several weeks may become a clinically useful antidepressant treatment. Although rTMS appears largely safe, many patients report that this procedure is somewhat painful, which may restrict its ultimate appeal and use. We analyzed interim results from the open-label phase of a multisite randomized trial of rTMS as a treatment for depression to investigate whether the procedural pain of left prefrontal rTMS changes over time. Methods: Patients with unipolar depression who had failed to respond during at least 3 weeks of the sham-controlled double-masked rTMS were then offered 3 more weeks (15 sessions) of open-label rTMS. Retrospective pain ratings and state emotional factors from 20 subjects were assessed with the use of visual analog scales (VAS) recorded on computers before and after each treatment (289 sessions). Results: Over the 15 treatment sessions, subjective reports of the painfulness of rTMS decreased 48% from baseline. This reduction, although greatest in the first few days, continued steadily (average 2.11 points per session) over the 3 weeks of treatment. The analysis found a significant effect for rTMS-session (P < .0001) on rTMS-procedural pain over and above changes in subjective emotional states. Conclusions: The procedural pain of left, prefrontal rTMS decreases over time, apparently independently of other emotional changes. Because rTMS scalp pain may decline over time, physicians and patients may decide to continue treatment despite initial discomfort. These observational data can be better tested once the data from the blinded phase of the trial becomes available. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Psychopathology in multiple sclerosis: Diagnosis, prevalence and treatment$$$ Multiple sclerosis (MS) is a chronic inflammatory disorder of the central nervous system. Demyelinization of nerve fibres not only affects the motor and sensory systems functionally, but may also cause psychopathological signs and symptoms. In addition to the psychiatric manifestations of MS, many patients have reactive psychological problems that are often hard to distinguish from the 'organic' causation of psychopathology. In any event, psychiatric comorbidity in MS deserves greater clinical attention than has been previously paid, because the presence of psychopathology may have deleterious effects on the disease process and impair coping with disability.
Antidepressant efficacy of high-frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in double-blind sham-controlled designs: A meta-analysis$$$ Background: For more than a decade high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in search of an alternative treatment for depression. The aim of this study was to provide an update on its clinical efficacy by performing a meta-analysis involving double-blind sham-controlled studies. Method: A literature search was conducted in the databases PubMed and Web of Science in the period between January 1980 and November 2007 with the search terms depression and transcranial magnetic stimulation. Thirty double-blind sham-controlled parallel studies with 1164 patients comparing the percentage change in depression scores from baseline to endpoint of active versus sham treatment were included. A random effects meta-analysis was performed to investigate the clinical efficacy of fast-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC in depression. Results: The test for heterogeneity was not significant (QT=30.46, p=0.39). A significant overall weighted mean effect size, d=0.39 [95% confidence interval (CI) 0.25-0.54], for active treatment was observed (z=6.52, p<0.0001). Medication resistance and intensity of rTMS did not play a role in the effect size. Conclusions: These findings show that high-frequency rTMS over the left DLPFC is superior to sham in the treatment of depression. The effect size is robust and comparable to at least a subset of commercially available antidepressant drug agents. Current limitations and future prospects are discussed. © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
Deep transcranial magnetic stimulation over the prefrontal cortex: Evaluation of antidepressant and cognitive effects in depressive patients$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective alternative for pharmacotherapy in treatment-resistant depressive patients, but the side effects limit its use. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been proposed as a refined alternative, but most studies do not indicate that TMS is as effective as ECT for severe depression. Objective: We propose that the limited effectiveness of standard TMS resides in its superficial effect on the cortex, although much of the pathophysiology of depression is associated with deeper and larger brain regions implicated in the reward system. Herein, we tested the effectiveness and safety of a novel TMS coil, the "H-coil," which enables direct stimulation of deeper brain regions, at the expense of focality. Methods: We have studied the antidepressant and cognitive effects induced by 4 weeks of high-frequency (20 Hz) repeated deep TMS (DTMS) over the prefrontal cortex (PFC) of 65 medication-free depressive patients, who have failed to benefit from prior medications. Patients were randomly assigned to various treatment configurations, differing in stimulation intensity and laterality. Effects were assessed by the 24-item Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS-24) and several secondary outcome measures. Results: A significant improvement in HDRS scores was found when high, but not low, stimulation intensity was used. Several cognitive improvements were evident, and no treatment-related serious adverse events were observed. Conclusions: DTMS over the PFC was found safe and effective in alleviating depression. The results accentuate the significance of deep, high-intensity stimulation over low, and serve as the first study to indicate the potential of DTMS in psychiatric and neurologic disorders. © 2009 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Depersonalization/derealization - Clinical picture, diagnostics and therapy$$$ The present state of knowledge about depersonalization (DP) and derealization (DR) is reviewed with respect to classification, epidemiology, etiology, and therapy. Mild and transient DP-DR are considered to be common phenomena. The prevalence of depersonalization-derealization disorder (DP-DR-D) is estimated to be approx. 1-2% of the general population in the Western hemisphere. DP-DR-D is probably severely underdiagnosed. DP-DR-D is strongly associated with depression and anxiety disorders. It is suggested that symptoms of DP-DR indicate disease severity and negatively predict therapy outcome. Neurobiological and psychological models have shown that a disordered body schema and emotional and autonomic blunting are essential components of the disorder. Despite the frequency of DPDR and its clinical relevance, there is a considerable lack of empirical research on DP-DR with respect to the health-care situation of depersonalized patients and with regard to treatment options. © 2009 Vandenhoeck & Ruprecht GmbH & Co. KG.
Sex hormones and mood in the perimenopause$$$ The focus of this chapter is the relationship between the onset of depression in women and the reproductive events of the menopause transition. Epidemiologic studies have documented that the majority of women do not become depressed during the menopause transition. However, recent longitudinal studies suggest that in some women, the reproductive events related to the menopause transition could play a role in the onset of depression. No abnormality of ovarian hormones has been identified that distinguishes women with depression from those who remain asymptomatic during the menopause transition. Nonetheless, several findings suggest a role of ovarian hormones in the onset of these depressions. First, episodes of depression cluster during the stage of the menopause transition that is accompanied by estradiol withdrawal. Second, randomized controlled trials have documented the short-term (3-6 weeks) antidepressant efficacy of estradiol in depressed perimenopausal women. Third, experimentally induced estradiol withdrawal triggers mood symptoms in some women. Thus, although depression is not a uniform accompaniment of the menopause transition, in some women, age-related changes in ovarian estrogen production may alter central nervous system function and predispose them to develop depression. © 2009 New York Academy of Sciences.
Neuropsychiatry of Parkinson's disease$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is traditionally regarded as a movement disorder. In recent years, however, non-motor symptoms have been considered significant factors of disability at all stages of the illness. Behavioral and psychological symptoms or neuropsychiatric syndromes associated with PD are frequent and may represent a challenge in the management of these patients. They include anxiety, depression, psychosis, sleep, sexual and impulse control disorders, apathy and cognitive dysfunction. Their pathogenesis in PD is complex, involving neurodegenerative, drug-related and psychological mechanisms. We will review the current knowledge of this growing field, also focusing on the management of theses syndromes.
Prediction of antidepressant response in both 2.25 × threshold RUL and fixed high dose RUL ECT$$$ Some forms of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can result in generalized seizures that lack efficacy, therefore physiological markers of treatment adequacy would be helpful. EEG measures of seizure quality, such as EEG regularity and post-ictal suppression, have largely supplanted seizure duration as a marker for seizure adequacy, yet no predictive algorithm has gained wide clinical acceptance. Electrographic seizure durations of less than 25 s still prompt re-stimulation in many settings. We re-examined the utility of EEG seizure duration and other measures of EEG seizure as predictors of antidepressant response to right unilateral (RUL) ECT. Methods: Seventy-two adult patients with major depression were randomized to either titrated RUL ECT at 2.25 times initial seizure threshold or RUL ECT at a fixed dose of 403 mC. Intent-to-treat responder status (defined by 60% reduction in HRSD scores and final score of 12 or less after the last RUL ECT session) was identified as the dependent variable in a nominal logistic regression model including EEG seizure quality candidate variables, controlled for age and gender. Results: A model including EEG seizure duration, EEG regularity, post-ictal suppression, age and gender and randomization status was significantly predictive of intent-to-treat responder status at treatment 2 (R2 = .21 p < .003; N = 66) and treatment 4 (R2 = .27 p < .0004; N = 67). The model remained significant at these time points even when randomization status (titrated moderately suprathreshold vs. high fixed dosage) was removed (Treatment 2: R2 = .18 p < .007; Treatment 4: R2 = .23 p < .0007). Conclusion: EEG markers of seizure adequacy, including EEG seizure duration, are modestly predictive of antidepressant response for both titrated moderately suprathreshold and high fixed dosage RUL ECT. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depression: Clinical predictors of outcome in a multisite, randomized controlled clinical trial$$$ Randomized controlled trials support the antidepressant efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS); however, there is individual variability in the magnitude of response. Examination of response predictors has been hampered by methodological limitations such as small sample sizes and single-site study designs. Data from a multisite sham-controlled trial of the antidepressant efficacy of TMS provided an opportunity to examine predictors of acute outcome. An open-label extension for patients who failed to improve provided the opportunity for confirmatory analysis. Treatment was administered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 10 pulses per second, 120% of motor threshold, for a total of 3000 pulses per day. Change on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale after 4 weeks was the primary efficacy outcome. A total of 301 patients with nonpsychotic unipolar major depression at 23 centers were randomized to active or sham TMS. Univariate predictor analyses showed that the degree of prior treatment resistance in the current episode was a predictor of positive treatment outcome in both the controlled study and the open-label extension trial. In the randomized trial, shorter duration of current episode was also associated with a better outcome. In the open-label extension study, absence of anxiety disorder comorbidity was associated with an improved outcome, but duration of current episode was not. The number of prior treatment failures was the strongest predictor for positive response to acute treatment with TMS. Shorter duration of current illness and lack of anxiety comorbidity may also confer an increased likelihood of good antidepressant response to TMS. © 2009 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Bilateral frontal transcranial direct current stimulation: Failure to replicate classic findings in healthy subjects$$$ Objective: There has been no modern effort to replicate, further characterize, or quantify the dramatic effects on affect described in controlled studies from the 1960s using bilateral frontal electrodes with an extra-cephalic reference in a mixed group composed primarily of mildly depressed individuals. We performed a comprehensive, quantitative assessment of the effects of bifrontal TDCS on emotion in 21 healthy subjects. Methods: In a double-blind crossover study, we administered tests of emotional state, affect, emotional decision-making, arousal, and psychomotor functions during sham, anodal, and cathodal TDCS. Results: We found no systematic effects on any measure, despite two subjects who had pronounced mood effects in the predicted direction. There were no adverse events. Conclusions: In line with some other studies, we found no consistent effects of bifrontal TDCS on measures of emotional function of psychomotor performance. Significance: These results demonstrate the safety of bilateral anterior frontal TDCS with an extra-cephalic reference, but raise questions about its effectiveness as a modulator of mood and emotional cognition, at least in healthy subjects.
Cost-effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression: A health economics analysis$$$ Introduction: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a novel antidepressant therapy shown to be effective and safe in pharmacotherapy- resistant major depression. The incremental cost-effectiveness and the direct cost burden compared with sham treatment were estimated, and compared with the current standard of care. Methods: Healthcare resource utilization data were collected during a multicenter study (n=301) and a decision analysis was used to stratify the 9-week treatment outcomes. A Markov model with an acute-outcome severity-based risk of relapse was used to estimate the illness course over a full year of treatment follow-up. These model estimates were also compared to best estimates of outcomes and costs of pharmacotherapy treatment, using the published STAR*D outcomes. The cost-effectiveness of TMS was described using an incremental cost-effectiveness ratio (ICER) per quality-adjusted life year (QALY) gained and on a direct cost per patient basis across a varying range of assumptions. The model's sensitivities to costs due to losses in work productivity and to caregiver time were also examined. Results: Compared with sham treatment and at a cost of US$300 per treatment session, TMS provides an ICER of US$34,999 per QALY, which is less than the "willingness-to-pay' standard of US$50,000 per QALY for a new treatment for major depression. When productivity gains due to clinical recovery were included, the ICER was reduced to US$6667 per QALY. In open-label conditions, TMS provided a net cost saving of US$1123 per QALY when compared with the current standard of care. In the openlabel condition, cost savings increased further when the costs for productivity losses were included in the model (net savings of US$7621). The overall cost benefits of treating MD using TMS were greater in those patients at the earliest levels of treatment resistance in the overall sample. Conclusion: TMS is a cost-effective treatment for patients who have failed to receive sufficient benefit from initial antidepressant pharmacotherapy. When used at earlier levels of treatment resistance, significant cost savings may be expected relative to the current standard of care. © 2009 Springer Healthcare Communications.
Right-sided, 1-hz repetitive TMS compared with venlafaxine extended-release in the treatment of resistant depression: A double-blind study$$$ Purpose of the study and Objectives: Previous studies have shown effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of depression [1,2]. There is a lack of studies comparing this method with standard antidepressant treatment and the position of rTMS in current guidelines for treatment of unipolar depression is unclear [3]. This double-blind study compared efficacy of 1 Hz rTMS over the right prefrontal dorsolateral cortex with venlafaxine ER in the treatment of resistant depression. We hypothesized that LF rTMS would produce a greater therapeutic effect than venlafaxine ER. Methods: A total of 60 inpatients with depressive disorder (DSM-IV criteria), who previously did not respond to at least one antidepressant treatment, were randomly assigned to 1 Hz rTMS (20 session, 600 pulses, 100% of motor threshold) with placebo (n=29) and venlafaxine ER (≥150 mg pd) with sham rTMS (n=31) for 4 weeks. We used the traditional 5 cm anterior navigation method for targeting dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Placebo (sham) stimulation was delivered in the same anatomical location with identical stimulation parameters as real rTMS but with the lateral edge of the coil rotated 90° away from the scalp. The primary outcome measure was score change in the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). We also used Clinical Global Impression (CGI) and Beck Depressive Inventory-Short Form (BDI-SF). The response was defined as a ≥50% reduction of MADRS score and the remission as the MADRS score equal or less than 10 points. The primary efficacy analyses were based on intent-to-treat (ITT) data set with the last observation analysis (LOAN) method. All tests were 2-sided and an exact significance level of 0.05 was adopted. The Prague Psychiatric Centre Institutional Review Board reviewed and approved this study and a written informed consent to participate in the research was obtained from all subjects. Results: There were no baseline differences in demographic and clinical parameters between treatment groups. Fifty-eight subjects were included in the efficacy analyses (venlafaxine ER n=31; rTMS n=27). Two subjects from rTMS group lacking post-baseline evaluation were excluded from analyses. There were no significant differences (ANOVA) between treatment groups in MADRS (p = 0.38), BDI-SF (p = 0.56) and CGI (p = 0.17) scores from baseline to endpoint. Mean change in total MADRS score from baseline to week 4 for patients treated by rTMS was 7.56±7.0 points and 8.19±7.9 points for patients from venlafaxine group, a non-significant difference (unpaired t-test, p = 0.75). Response rates for rTMS (33%) and venlafaxine (39%) as well as remission rates (19% vs. 23%) and drop-out rates (rTMS 3/29, venlafaxine 5/31, p = 0.71) did not differ between treatment groups (Fisher Exact Test). There were significant reductions of MADRS, CGI and BDI-SF scores in both groups (paired t-test). Conclusion: The right sided rTMS of dorsololateral prefrontal cortex produced clinically relevant reduction of depressive symptomatology in the acute treatment of patients with resistant depression. This effect was comparable to the effect of venlafaxine ER.
Comparison of two different intensities of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in drug resistant depression$$$ Objective: The aim of this study is to compare the efficacy of two different (80% vs 110%) intensities of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with drug-resistant major depressive disorder (MDD). Method: 21 patients between 18-65 years of age who admitted to psychiatric outpatient clinic of Sisli Etfal Research and Teaching Hospital in Istanbul, Turkey and diagnosed with drugresistant major depressive disorder were included in the study. Diagnosis was confirmed by using Structured Clinical Interview for Axis I Disorders (SCID-I). Patients were excluded if they had any comorbid Axis I, Axis II disorder and a history of neurologic or systematic disorder and divided into two groups randomly to receive rTMS at 80% or 110% motor threshold (MT) and evaluated with the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) at baseline and weekly during the trial for six weeks by raters who were blind for MT. Patients received consecutive sessions of high-frequency (20 Hz) rTMS of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex every weekday (20 pulses/sec, 80% or 110% of MT, 800 pulses/session, 2 sec train duration, 28 sec intertrain duration) for six weeks (30 sessions at total). Results: 11 patients (52%) were assigned to 80% group and 10 (48%) were assigned to 110% group. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of age, gender, years of education, durations of illness and last episode, baseline scores of BPRS, HAM-D and MADRS, and the number of antidepressants which the patient did not response. Mean change in HAM-D scores from baseline to endpoint (6th week) 14.36±5.69 (p < 0.0001) and 11.00±7.37 (p < 0.001) for 80% group and 110% group, respectively. Mean change in MADRS scores from baseline to endpoint (6th week) 17.00±6.95 (p< 0.0001) and 12.10±7.73 (p < 0.001) for 80% group and 110% group, respectively. Mean change in BPRS scores from baseline to endpoint (6th week) 12.63±5.39 (p < 0.0001) and 9.4±5.96 (p < 0.001) for 80% group and 110% group, respectively. There were no significant differences between the groups in terms of change in mean scores. Although remission rates (HAM-D scores <7) were 6/11 (54.5%) and 3/10 (30%) for 80% group and 110% group, rates did not differ significantly. Response rates were (50% reduction from baseline HAMD scores) 9/11 (81.8%) and 7/10 (70%) for 80% group and 110% group, respectively. Conclusion: There are a number of factors influencing the efficacy of the antidepressant effects of rTMS including frequency, intensity, stimulation sites, number of stimuli and duration of treatment. In a previously published meta-analysis, it was concluded that 100-110% intensity was more effective in terms of response rate when compared to 80-90% intensity [1]. In one of two recent similar studies comparing the effects of two different intensities no significant difference found between 90% and 100% whereas a significant difference reported between 80% and 100% favoring the latter group [2,3]. In contrast with these results, we found no difference between the groups in terms of response and remisson rates, however these results need to be replicated in larger samples.
Effects of magnetic seizure therapy and electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant depression$$$ Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a more focal form of convulsive therapy that targets seizure induction in prefrontal cortex and relatively spares medial temporal structures involved. Preliminary studies including a small number of patients suggest MST as successful antidepressant therapy. Treatment effectiveness is reported by rates of response. Electroconvulsive Therapy (ECT) is still highly effective in severely treatment-resistant patients (TRD) with more than half of such patients achieving response [1]. In this study, we present a sample of patients suffering from TRD: severity of depression and rates of response were analysed. Methods: 20 patients suffering from TRD were enrolled from 2006 to 2008 at the University of Bonn, Psychiatry, in a randomized parallel study design containing a series of MST (ten patients) or ECT (ten patients) treatments respectively. Patients were treated with MST with following stimulation parameters: frequency 100 Hz, pulses 100 to 600, amplitude 100%, duration of stimulation 1 to 6 s. A priori definition of response was a reduction of ≥50% on the Hamilton Rating Scale of Depression (HRSD28) and Montgomery and Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Within subjects depression ratings at baseline were compared with those at post treatment. Patients were treated twice a week (on average 12 slots MST or ECT). Results: Patients suffering from TRD and treated with MST or ECT completed the post treatment explorations. Rates of response were the following: for MST there was a response rate of 60% for MADRS and 50% of HRDS28. 40% of patients treated with ECT responded on MADRS and 50% on HRDS28. MADRS of the ten MST patients pre-and post-treatment decreased significantly (ANOVA, F(l;9) = 30.27, p<0.001, η2=0.771), as well as HRDS28 (ANOVA, F(l;9) = 10.86, p<0.01, η2=0.55). Furthermore, the antidepressant effects of MST were compared to ECT: significant improvement of MADRS (MST and ECT) (ANOVA, (F(l;18)=41.1, p<0.001, η2=0.684), and no significant difference between MST and ECT in the amelioration of depression symptoms (ANOVA, F(l;18)=1.7, n.s.). There were the same results for HRDS28: significant improvement through MST and ECT treatment (ANOVA, F(l;18) = 31.9, p<0.001, η2=0.627), but no differences between the antidepressant effect (ANOVA, F(l;18) = 0.01,n.s.). Conclusion: Treatment efficacy did not differ significantly between MST and ECT as measured with MADRS and HRDS28. In this study, MST was found to be an efficacious antidepressant treatment comparable to ECT. Clinical relevance of the MST treatment is shown in the course of depression symptom ratings: 60% responded. In summary, our results point to antidepressant properties of MST in a treatment resistant patient population. Many other effects of MST are to be investigated such as time of reorientation. MST was associated with shorter recovery times and less confusion following treatment [2]. In addition, MST is associated with a more benign acute cognitive side-effect profile than ECT [3]. Furthermore, there will be more investigations e.g. EEG semiology of MST compared to ECT.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation with EEG-dependent stimulus timing in the treatment of depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment of depression utilises numerous pre-determined patterns of stimulation (fixed fast or slow stimuli). As an alternative to using invariant stimulus timing parameters, the interactive technique delivers individual stimuli based on the background EEG activity. There has been evidence that stimulus effects are affected by the physiological activity at the time of the stimulus reflected in the background EEG. Objective: This study examines the use of an EEG dependent technique as a means to enhance the efficacy of rTMS in the treatment of depression. Methods: Forty-four patients with treatment-refractory major depression were treated, in a randomized, double-blind, four week trial, with two different rTMS stimulus timing techniques (over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex). Standard rTMS utilized 10Hz stimuli, while interactive rTMS applied individual stimuli in response to a selected pattern of background EEG activity analysed in real-time. Patients were recruited by referrals from private psychiatrists and mental health clinics on the basis that at least one previous antidepressant treatment had failed. Diagnosis of a major depressive disorder was made using the DSM-IV TR. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and the Beck's Depression Inventory-II (BDI) scores were recorded at baseline, two weeks and following the final treatment. Results: There were no significant differences in age, sex, or baseline clinical variables between the 2 groups. The interactive group showed a trend towards greater efficacy than the standard group in both absolute (t=-1.68; p = 0.100) and percentage (1=-1.74; p = 0.090) change in scores on HDRS (and similarly BDI). The response rate (>50% reduction in HDRS scores) for the interactive technique of 43% (9/21) was also different to that of the standard technique (22%; 5/23; Odds-Ratio:2.70). For 18 participants, at least one course of ECT had been tried, with unsatisfactory response. The treatment effect (ChangeP) of the interactive technique was greater in both ECT (standard 22%, N=12; interactive 38%, N=7), and no-ECT (standard 35%, N=11; interactive 46% N=14) cohorts, although neither difference was significant. The TMS treatments appeared well tolerated. Several participants experienced initial discomfort, but briefly lowering the level (2-3 trains) usually allowed the re-application of the motor threshold level. Most participants reported headaches on at least one occasion, but none had headaches for the entire treatment, nor withdrew due to discomfort. No seizures were induced, nor was any unusual EEG activity observed subsequent to rTMS. Conclusions: The use of EEG-based TMS stimuli has been shown to be feasible in an rTMS clinical trial in treatment-resistant depression. The EEG based interactive technique showed a trend toward a greater clinical effect than a fixed -frequency 10 Hz standard rTMS technique. The interactive technique thus has the potential to refine the rTMS methodology and to enhance efficacy in the treatment of depression.
Psychiatric and non-psychiatric comorbidity in patients with psychotic disorders$$$ Previous studies show that medical morbidity and mortality rates remain elevated in schizophrenia patients compared with the general population, worsening the prognosis of patients with severe mental illness [1]. Objective: To analyze the main psychiatric and non-psychiatric comorbidity in patients diagnosed of psychotic illness and included in Diagnostic Related Group (DRG) 430 and treated with antipsychotics. Methods: Retrospective descriptive study of psychiatric patients with psychosis (N=230). Patients included in this study were recruited from two clinical settings. One group was obtained from a randomized sample of patients hospitalized in an university clinical hospital in Santiago de Compostela in a period of two years (n= 150) and another group (n=80) from ambulatory care. Data were obtained from clinical records. All patients included in the sample were diagnosed of psychiatric disorders included in DRG 430. Patients were classified according to man diagnosis in four groups: schizophrenia, affective psychosis, paranoid disorders and other functional psychosis. Patients hospitalized only with the aim of receiving maintenance electroconvulsive therapy were excluded from the analysis. Variables analyzed were age, sex, number of hospitalizations, length of stays, main diagnose, antipsychotic group (typical or atypical antipsychotic) and psychiatric and non-psychiatric comorbidity. Data were analyzed with statistical package v. 13.0 for windows. Results: From the whole sample 57.9% were male and 42.1% were female, age average 32 years (standard deviation 9.4) years. Schizophrenic group was the biggest and was the group that generated longer stays and more readmissions than other groups. 31% of patients had associated psychiatric comorbidities; the following reported in decreasing order of frequency: dependence or abuse of alcohol, dependence or abuse of another drugs, depressive disorders, personality disorders andphobic disorders. Men presented more comorbidity than women related to abuse or dependence of alcohol and abuse or dependence of another drugs. Personality disorders were more frequent in men than in woman with statistical significance. Women diagnosed of psychotic disorders were more affected with depressive and anxiety disorders than men in the same diagnostic group. No significant correlations were found for other psychiatric comorbid disorders. Non-psychiatric comorbidity were detected in 43 % of patients. In decreasing order of frequency were found obesity in 35%, diabetes in 11.6% of patients, hypercholesterolemia in 10.2 % of patients, high blood pressure in 6.9 %. More non-psychiatric illnesses were detected with lower frequency. The frequency of these disorders did not presented significant differences between female and male. However obesity rate was higher in women than in men and age influence was detected in diabetes. Schizophrenic group presented higher rate of comorbidity than other groups analyzed, with statistical significance. Conclusions: Patients with psychotic disorders have high rates of potentially reversible medical and psychiatric comorbidity. Awareness of these aspects should be increased among primary healthcare providers and specialists, including psychiatrists, and physical health problems should be incorporated into psychoeducational programs, and severe mental disorder treatment units.
Effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation repetitive TMS for depression in schizophrenia$$$ Background: Depression is an important co-occurring syndrome in schizophrenia and is associated with increased morbidity and mortality [1]. Pharmacological treatment of this condition has certain difficulties and stimulation techniques of the brain may be considered in the management of such patients [2]. The aim of the study was to estimate the effectiveness of rTMS for the treatment of depression in schizophrenia patients. Methods: 97 patients with schizophrenia (ICD-10) stabilized on antipsychotic medication and without exacerbation of psychotic symptoms were included in the study. All the patients had major depression (Calgary Depression Scale for Schizophrenia (CDSS) score ≥ 6). Negative symptoms were prevalent in all patients. Mean PANSS composite index was - 11. 66 patients were randomly divided in 2 groups. 32 patients of the 1st group received 15-Hz rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (100% intensity, 6-second trains, 60-second intervals, and 20-train session). Sessions were given 5 times a week during 3 weeks. 34 patients of the 2nd group were treated with antidepressant (SSRI) which was added to antipsychotic therapy and this group was an active control for the 1st group. 31 patients of the 3rd group were pharmacoresistant and received antipsychotic + antidepressant combination for at least 3 weeks prior to the study. 13 of them were non-responders from the 2nd group. Patients of the 3rd group underwent rTMS with the same parameters as the in the 1st group and they continued to receive their antipsychotic and antidepressant medication at the same doses. Patients were assessed weekly with CDSS, PANSS, Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD), Clinical Global Impression for Schizophrenia (CGI-S) and with the battery of cognitive tests. Results: The responders rate (50% CDSS score reduction) was 20 (62.5%) in the 1st group, in the control group this number was 18 (52.9%). The number of responders in the 3rd group (resistant depressions in schizophrenia) was 20 (64.5%). Good tolerability, rapid onset of antidepressive effect and more potent reduction of negative symptoms in comparison with the control group were the prominent features of rTMS action. The disadvantage of rTMS was unstable effect, in 35% of responders in the 1st group depressive symptoms relapsed in two weeks after discontinuation of the therapy. Also there was increase in some of cognitive test results, which reflects improvement in executive functions and in attention switching. These changes were bigger in groups where rTMS was performed. We found no significant changes in verbal and visual memory. Conclusion: Our results have shown that antidepressive effect of rTMS in schizophrenia is comparable to conventional methods of pharmacological treatment. rTMS by itself or in combination with antidepressant is an effective for treatment of pharmacoresistant depression associated with schizophrenia. rTMS as an “add-on therapy” could be an optimal treatment of severe pharmacoresistant depression in schizophrenic patients without actual psychotic symptoms.
Influencing cognitive deficit in patients with depressive disorder by means of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) under conditions of single blind randomized study$$$ We assessed 40 patients - men hospitalized at Department of Psychiatry, Medical Faculty and Faculty Hospital Brno. 22 patients were assessed as depressive episode (F32), 18 patients as recurrent depression disorder (F33) according to ICD 10th revision (research criteria). Patients were distributed into to two groups - rTMS (N=20) and antidepressants (N=20) treatment by random number generator. Into research group there were included only these patients, who subscribed informed consent and no contraindication to rTMS treatment were present. Different parameters of cognitive functions (memory, attention, verbal fluency, executive functions, etc.) were measured by comprehensive neuropsychological test battery, and psychopathology was assessed by HAMD and MADRS scales. During rTMS stimulation treatment we have found statistically significant improvement in psychomotor speed (TMT A), tolerance against perceptional and mental stress (CWT), verbal fluency task (VFT), and memory - in all indexes of WMS III. We have also found improvement in executive functions - in category of perseverative responses and perseverative errors. After treatment with antidepressants we have found statistically significant improvement in Stroop test (CWT), in Verbal Fluency Task (VFT) and in all indexes of WMS III too. In contrast to antidepressants rTMS stimulation treatment has been furthermore associated with the improvement in psychomotor speed an executive functions (perseverative responses and perseverative errors). Treatment with antidepressants did not change these parameters. The degree of depression change has not been correlated with the value of cognitive deficit dynamics before and after treatment setting in patients cured as with rTMS as with antidepressants. Concerning severity of psychopathology, results show that both ways of treatment settings, rTMS and antidepressants, are effective in the same way in the treatment of mild and modest depression. In conclusion we can say, that rTMS is more effective in the attenuation of cognitive deficit in patients suffered form depression than antidepressants treatment.
Increasing Human Brain Excitability by Transcranial High-Frequency Random Noise Stimulation$$$ For >20 years, noninvasive transcranial stimulation techniques like repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and direct current stimulation (tDCS) have been used to induce neuroplastic-like effects in the human cortex, leading to the activity-dependent modification of synaptic transmission. Here, we introduce a novel method of electrical stimulation: transcranial random noise stimulation (tRNS), whereby a random electrical oscillation spectrum is applied over the motor cortex. tRNS induces consistent excitability increases lasting 60 min after stimulation. These effects have been observed in 80 subjects through both physiological measures and behavioral tasks. Higher frequencies (100-640 Hz) appear to be responsible for generating this excitability increase, an effect that maybe attributed to the repeated opening of Na+ channels. In terms of efficacy tRNS appears to possess at least the same therapeutic potential as rTMS/tDCS in diseases such as depression, while furthermore avoiding the constraint of current flow direction sensitivity characteristic of tDCS. Copyright © 2008 Society for Neuroscience.
Pharmacogenetic insights into codeine analgesia: Implications to pediatric codeine use$$$ Codeine has been used medicinally since the 1800s as an analgesic and antitussive agent. Although very few studies have methodically examined the safety of codeine use in the pediatric age group, it is nonetheless commonly prescribed to children and breastfeeding mothers. Empirical evidence over the last century has suggested variability in the efficacy of codeine, and recent genomic advancements have shed important light on the mechanisms leading to such variability. Aside from evaluating the role of genetic variability in drug-metabolizing enzymes, receptors and transporters, the development of the blood-brain-barrier and the ontogeny of drug-metabolizing enzymes must also be considered in newborns and young children. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd.
Effectiveness of transcranial magnetic therapy in the complex treatment of alcohol abstinent syndrome$$$ Fifty-four abstinent alcohol-dependent patients have been studied. Twenty-nine patients (a main group) received, along with basic therapy, a physiotherapeutic treatment (transcranial dynamic magnetic therapy) and 25 patients (a control group) received only basic therapy. The comparison of the efficacy of treatment in patients of the main and control groups revealed the benefits of transcranial dynamic magnetic therapy in CNS function, performance on memory and attention tests, state of autonomic nervous system and psychoemotional state of patients (the reduction of anxiety and depression).
Interventions for treating depression after stroke$$$ Background: Depression is an important consequence of stroke that impacts on recovery yet is often not detected or inadequately treated. This is an update of a Cochrane review first published in 2004. Objectives: To determine whether pharmaceutical, psychological, or electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) of depression in patients with stroke can improve outcome. Search strategy: We searched the trials registers of the Cochrane Stroke Group (last searched October 2007) and the Cochrane Depression Anxiety and Neurosis Group (last searched February 2008). In addition, we searched the Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library, Issue 1, 2008), MEDLINE (1966 to May 2006), EMBASE (1980 to May 2006), CINAHL (1982 to May 2006), PsycINFO (1967 to May 2006) and other databases. We also searched reference lists, clinical trials registers, conference proceedings and dissertation abstracts, and contacted authors, researchers and pharmaceutical companies. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials comparing pharmaceutical agents with placebo, or various forms of psychotherapy or ECT with standard care (or attention control), in patients with stroke, with the intention of treating depression. Data collection and analysis: Two review authors selected trials for inclusion and assessed methodological quality; three review authors extracted, cross-checked and entered data. Primary analyses were the prevalence of diagnosable depressive disorder at the end of treatment. Secondary outcomes included depression scores on standard scales, physical function, death, recurrent stroke and adverse effects. Main results: Sixteen trials (17 interventions), with 1655 participants, were included in the review. Data were available for 13 pharmaceutical agents, and four trials of psychotherapy. There were no trials of ECT. The analyses were complicated by the lack of standardised diagnostic and outcome criteria, and differing analytic methods. There was some evidence of benefit of pharmacotherapy in terms of a complete remission of depression and a reduction (improvement) in scores on depression rating scales, but there was also evidence of an associated increase in adverse events. There was no evidence of benefit of psychotherapy. Authors' conclusions: A small but significant effect of pharmacotherapy (not psychotherapy) on treating depression and reducing depressive symptoms was found, as was a significant increase in adverse events. More research is required before recommendations can be made about the routine use of such treatments. Copyright © 2008 The Cochrane Collaboration. Published by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
The Multiply Operated Spine: Chronic Pain Medical Management$$$ The medical management of chronic pain, especially in the multiply operated lumbar spine, is complex and largely empiric. Medications include opioids and nonopioids, which are reviewed and discussed. Recently, multimodal analgesic therapy has gained a wider application to many acute and chronic pain syndromes and disorders. This approach combines drugs to maximize the pain or analgesic effect by minimizing the dosing and lowers the side effects for expected physiologic response to each drug taken individually. The theory and practice of the medical management including medication and its use is reviewed and discussed. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Circadian rhythm disturbances in depression$$$ Objective The aim of this article is to review progress in understanding the mechanisms that underlie circadian and sleep rhythms, and their role in the pathogenesis and treatment of depression. Methods Literature was selected principally by Medline searches, and additional reports were identified based on ongoing research activities in the authors' laboratory. Results Many physiological processes show circadian rhythms of activity. Sleep and waking are the most obvious circadian rhythms in mammals. There is considerable evidence that circadian and sleep disturbances are important in the pathophysiology of mood disorders. Depressed patients often show altered circadian rhythms, sleep disturbances, and diurnal mood variation. Chronotherapies, including bright light exposure, sleep deprivation, and social rhythm therapies, may be useful adjuncts in non-seasonal and seasonal depression. Antidepressant drugs have marked effects on circadian processes and sleep. Conclusions Recent progress in understanding chronobiological and sleep regulation mechanisms may provide novel insights, and avenues into the development of new pharmacological and behavioral treatment strategies for mood disorders. Copyright © 2008 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
What's in the pipeline for the treatment of Parkinson's disease?$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is a common, debilitating neurodegenerative disorder that creates a significant burden for patients, family members and society at large. Major unmet needs include effective therapies that could favorably modify the underlying pathogenetic processes in PD, and better control of motor and nonmotor symptoms in advanced-stage disease. This review examines the current state of development of potential PD therapies, including dopaminergic therapies, modulators of adenosine and glutamate receptors, cell-based therapies, genetic therapies and device-based therapies. In addition, research into potential neuroprotective agents and pipeline therapies for nonmotor symptoms of PD are summarized. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Nonmotor manifestations of Parkinson's disease$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is the second most common neurodegenerative disease after Alzheimer's disease. Traditionally, attention has focused on the motor symptomatology of PD, but it is now appreciated that the nonmotor symptoms affecting neuropsychiatric, sleep, autonomic, and sensory domains occur in up to 88% of PD patients and can be an important source of disability. Nonmotor manifestations of PD play a significant role in the impairment of disease-related quality of life. The cause of nonmotor manifestations of PD is multifactorial, but to a large extent, these manifestations are related to the nature of the neurodegenerative process and the widespread nondopaminergic neuropathological changes associated with the disease. Recognition of nonmotor disability is essential not only for ascertaining the functional status of patients but also for better appreciating the nature of the neurodegenerative process in PD. In addition, a number of nonmotor manifestations can precede the onset of motor symptoms in PD and can be used as screening tools allowing for early disease identification and for trials of possible disease-modifying interventions. This article reviews depression, sleep, and autonomic dysfunction in PD. © 2008 American Neurological Association. Published by Wiley-Liss, Inc., through Wiley Subscription Services.
Incomplete response in late-life depression: Getting to remission$$$ Incomplete response in the treatment of late-life depression is a large public health challenge: at least 50% of older people fail to respond adequately to first-line antidepressant pharmacotherapy, even under optimal treatment conditions. Treatment-resistant late-life depression (TRLLD) increases risk for early relapse, undermines adherence to treatment for coexisting medical disorders, amplifies disability and cognitive impairment, imposes greater burden on family caregivers, and increases the risk for early mortality including suicide. Getting to and sustaining remission is the primary goal of treatment, yet there is a paucity of empirical data on how best to manage TRLLD. A pilot study by our group on aripiprazole augmentation in 24 incomplete responders to sequential SSRI and SRNI pharmacotherapy found that 50% remitted over 12 weeks with the addition of aripiprazole, and that remission was sustained in all participants during 6 months of continuation treatment. In addition to controlled assessment, evidence is needed to support personalized treatment by testing the moderating role of clinical (eg, comorbid anxiety, medical burden, and executive impairment) and genetic (eg, selected polymorphisms in serotonin, norepinephrine, and dopamine genes) variables, while also controlling for variability in drug exposure. Such studies may advance us toward the goal of personalized treatment in late-life depression. Copyright © 2008 LLS SAS. All rights reserved.
New therapeutic promises in the treatment of depression and schizophrenia$$$ The XXVI Collegium Internationale Neuro-Psychopharmacologicum (CINP) Congress, commemorating its 50th anniversary, was held in Munich, Germany, from July 13 to 17, 2008, at the Internationales Congress Center. Co-incidentally, this year Munich is also celebrating its 850th birthday and venerating various events. Keeping its tradition, the CINP-Congress addressed the main issues related to mental depression, schizophrenia and anxiety disorders. The various symposia addressed topics such as immunology in psychiatry, status of conventional and atypical antipsychotics, risks and benefits in long-term use of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, interrelating the role of various neurotransmitters, particularly, dopamine and glutamate in psychiatry and animals models employed in central nervous system disorders. The congress also addressed educational issues such as state-of-the-art treatment of various psychiatric disorders. This was in line with the current observations of the World Health Organization (WHO) database, according to which approximately 1 billion people worldwide are battling neurological disorders ranging from migraines to epilepsy and dementia. The economic burden of both treatment and loss of social workforce is huge even though several remedies are available for the management of these disorders. Therefore, the CINP rightly addressed the issues of discovering new targets and therapeutic options in the management of neuropsychiatric disorders. The conference also brought together scientists involved in basic or clinical research. The present article summarizes the outcome of the deliberations. © 2008 Prous Science, S.A.U. or its licensors. All rights reserved.
Biochemistry of depressive disorders. Role of serotonin, amino acid neurotransmitters, substance P and neurosteroids$$$ The present paper reviews biochemical aspects of depression, focusing on abnormalities in: 1) serotonergic neurotransmission; 2) GABA and glutamate systems; 3) substance P; 4) neurosteroids. The results of literature search are discussed as regards their implications for the discovery of novel, more effective antidepressant treatments. Indeed, although depression is traditionally regarded as a treatable mental disorder, up to 50% of such patients may not have a satisfactory remission of symptoms after an adequate antidepressant treatment. © 2008 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l.
Single dose analgesic efficacy of tapentadol in postsurgical dental pain: The results of a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ BACKGROUND:: Tapentadol is a novel, centrally acting analgesic with two modes of action, combining mu-opioid agonism and norepinephrine reuptake inhibition in a single molecule. We compared the efficacy and tolerability of tapentadol and a standard dose of morphine with placebo in a model of moderate-to-severe postoperative dental pain. METHODS:: Patients undergoing mandibular third molar extraction and experiencing moderate-to-severe pain postsurgery were randomized to receive single, oral doses of tapentadol HCl (25, 50, 75, 100, or 200 mg), morphine sulfate (60 mg), ibuprofen (400 mg; used to establish model sensitivity), or placebo. Mean total pain relief over 8 h (TOTPAR-8) was the primary end point. Secondary end points included mean total pain relief over 4 h (TOTPAR-4) and onset of analgesia. Pairwise comparisons of study drug to placebo were assessed using the Fisher least significant difference test. Adverse events were recorded. RESULTS:: Four hundred patients were randomized to treatment and completed the study. Compared with placebo, mean TOTPAR-8 was significantly greater for tapentadol HCl 50 mg (P = 0.041), 75 mg (P = 0.001), 100 mg (P < 0.001), and 200 mg (P < 0.001); morphine sulfate 60 mg (P < 0.001); and ibuprofen 400 mg (P < 0.001) in a nonparametric analysis of the primary end point. The significantly higher TOTPAR-8 score for ibuprofen compared with placebo established the sensitivity of the model. Mean TOTPAR-4 was higher and onset of action appeared more rapid for tapentadol HCl 200 mg than morphine sulfate 60 mg. Pain relief scores with morphine sulfate 60 mg were between those of tapentadol HCl 100 and 200 mg. The incidence of nausea and vomiting appeared to be lower with all doses of tapentadol HCl compared with morphine sulfate 60 mg, but was not statistically significant. CONCLUSION:: Single oral doses of tapentadol 75 mg or higher effectively reduced moderate-to-severe postoperative dental pain in a dose-related fashion and were well-tolerated relative to morphine. These data suggest that tapentadol is a highly effective, centrally acting analgesic with a favorable side effect profile and rapid onset of action. Copyright © 2008 International Anesthesia Research Society.
Double - blind, parallel, randomized study comparing efficacy of 1 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and venlafaxine ER in the treatment of resistant depression: Discussion on study protocol$$$ The repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive method of brain stimulation, which is indicated for the treatment of depression in Czech Republic. A new, randomized, double- blind study comparing efficacy of 1Hz stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and venlafaxine ER has started in 2005. The authors discuss some details of clinical study design reflecting new findings in the treatment of depression.
Effects of different antidepressant treatments on the core of depression$$$ Core symptoms of depression are a combination of psychological and somatic symptoms, often combined with psychomotor and cognitive disturbances. Diagnostic classification of depression including the concepts of melancholic, endogenous, or severe depression describe severely depressed patients suffering from most of the core symptoms, together with clinical characteristics of a cyclic unipolar or bipolar course, lower placebo response rates, higher response rates to electroconvulsive therapy, to antidepressant treatments with dually or mixed modes of action, or to lithium augmentation. Higher rates of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis hyperactivity and specific electroencephalographic patterns have also been shown in this patient group. Summarizing the symptomatology of depression in these patients, a broad overlap between the abovementioned subgroups can be suggested. Because the positive diagnosis of those core symptoms of depression may include clinical consequences, it would be of use to integrate all the mentioned concepts in the upcoming new versions of the diagnostic systems DSM-V and ICD-11. © 2008, LLS SAS.
Treatment of bipolar disorder: A systematic review of available data and clinical perspectives$$$ This paper is a systematic review of the available data concerning the treatment of bipolar disorder: a systematic Medline search concerning treatment guidelines and clinical trials. The search for treatment guidelines returned 583 articles and 913 papers for RCTs. The search was last performed on 1 March 2008. An additional search included repositories of clinical trials and previous systematic reviews in order to trace especially older trials. The literature suggests that lithium is useful during the acute manic and the maintenance phase. Both first- and second-generation antipsychotics are efficacious in the treatment of acute mania. Quetiapine and the olanzapine-fluoxetine combination are also effective for treating bipolar depression, while olanzapine, quetiapine and aripiprazole are effective during the maintenance phase. Anticonvulsants, particularly valproate and carbamazepine have antimanic properties, whereas lamotrigine may be preferably effective in the treatment of depression but not mania. Antidepressants should always be used in combination with an antimanic agent because they were reported to induce switching to mania or hypomania, mixed episodes, and rapid cycling when given as monotherapy. The best evidence-based psychosocial interventions for bipolar disorder are group- and family-focused psychoeducation. Electroconvulsive therapy is an option for refractory patients. Although a variety of treatment options for bipolar disorder is currently available, their effectiveness is far from satisfactory, especially against bipolar depression and maintenance. Combination therapy may improve treatment outcome but it also carries the burden of more side-effects. Further research as well as the development of better guidelines and algorithms for step-by-step rational treatment are necessary. Copyright © 2008 CINP.
Are antidepressants safe in the treatment of bipolar depression? A critical evaluation of their potential risk to induce switch into mania or cycle acceleration$$$ Objective: To address whether switch of depression into hypomania or mania or cycle acceleration in patients with bipolar disorder is caused by antidepressants or whether this phenomenon is attributable to the natural history of bipolar disorder itself. Method: A critical review of the literature, pointing at sources of bias that have been previously overlooked. For examining the causation in question, the Bradford-Hill criteria were applied, i.e. specificity of the potential causative agent, strength of effect, consistency in findings, dose-response relation, temporal relation with exposure to agent preceding effect and biological plausibility. Results: There is a scarcity of randomized studies addressing the question, and the available studies all suffer from various forms of bias. However, there is some evidence suggesting that antidepressants given in addition to a mood stabilizer are not associated with an increased rate of switch when compared with the rate associated with the mood stabilizer alone. Conclusion: When combined with a mood stabilizer, antidepressants given for acute bipolar depression seemingly do not induce a switch into hypomania or mania. Whether antidepressants may accelerate episode frequency and/or may cause other forms of destabilization in patients with bipolar disorder remain to be properly studied. Copyright © 2008 The Authors.
Extended-release epidural morphine (DepoDur™): Review and safety analysis$$$ Extended-release epidural morphine (EREM) provides effective postoperative analgesia for 48 h following injection. It is administered as a single bolus into the lumbar epidural space, and is indicated for lower abdominal and lower extremity surgery associated with moderate-to-severe pain. While its efficacy has been well documented in randomized controlled trials, the safety and clinically appropriate dosing are less well defined. A meta-analysis approach was used to assess the adverse effects of EREM (n = 801) in comparison with intravenous opioids and standard epidural morphine. EREM 15 mg or greater was associated with a trend towards a higher incidence of hypoventilation (odds ratio: 0.48; 95% confidence interval [CI]: 0.21-1.09; p = 0.081; number needed-to-treat [NNT] = 14) compared with placebo. The incidence of pruritus was significantly higher for all EREM doses compared with both placebo (p = 0.004) and standard epidural morphine (p = 0.03). Vomiting was also increased with EREM 15 mg or greater compared with placebo (odds ratio: 0.40; 95% CI: 0.18-0.89; p = 0.02; NNT = 5). A multimodal analgesic regime is recommended to permit the use of lower EREM doses, thus reducing the risk for adverse effects including respiratory depression. Prophylactic time-contingent antiemetics are also recommended when EREM is used. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Public views on antidepressant treatment: Lessons from a national survey$$$ In Iceland, antidepressant sales figures rose from 8 Defined Daily Doses (DDD) per 1000 subjects in 1975 to 95 DDD/1000 in 2005. The aim of the study was to examine the views of adult Icelanders on antidepressant treatment and to identify the factors most influential in shaping their views, using cross-sectional national survey of views on antidepressant treatment in a randomly drawn sample of 2000 Icelanders aged 18-80 years old. Nine in 10 responders believed that regular exercise is an efficacious treatment for depression (92.6%) but supportive interviews came second (82.3%). Seven out of 10 believed that antidepressants are efficacious and the same proportion was willing to use antidepressants as a treatment for depression. The strongest predictor of this inclination was previous use of antidepressants (odds ratio, OR=6.9, 95% CI 3.4-13.8), followed by knowing someone well who had been treated with antidepressants (OR = 2.3, 95% CI 1.6 to 3.3). Eight out of every 100 responders were taking antidepressants and further 8.3% had previously been on antidepressants for at least 6 weeks. Among past users of antidepressants, 77% felt that the benefits of therapy had outweighed the disadvantages. More knowledge on antidepressants was associated (chi-squared test = 9.96, df = 2, P = 0.007) with willingness to use them. The majority of adult Icelanders are willing to use antidepressants for depression. The factors influencing their views most strongly are subjects' own experience and the experience of close friends or relatives as users.
Mood Disorders and the Outcome of Suicidal Thoughts and Attempts$$$ Suicidal ideation and attempts are common reasons for visits to the emergency department and critical care hospitalizations and a common public health problem. Most patients who make a suicide attempt have a psychiatric disorder, most frequently a mood, psychotic, substance use, or personality disorder. Patients who are at high risk of another attempt and cannot be transferred promptly to a psychiatric service should be managed jointly by the psychiatric and critical care teams with an emphasis on protection of the patient, identification of substance intoxication and withdrawal, making the environment safe, and instituting treatment of the psychiatric disorder. Antidepressants reduce suicide risk but their slow onset of action may make electroconvulsive therapy a desirable alternative for severely depressed patients. Parenteral treatment is possible with benzodiazepines and antipsychotic drugs but not antidepressants. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A review of central neuropathic pain states$$$ Purpose of review: Central neuropathic pain is an important and disabling but often neglected problem following central nervous system lesions. The present review highlights recent advances in the understanding of the underlying mechanisms and in the diagnosis and treatment of central pain. Recent findings: Within the past year, the field of central pain has moved toward a more integrative understanding of central pain. The involvement of nonneuronal cells and interaction between multiple areas of the central nervous system has been recognized as important in the underlying mechanisms. The interest for conditions other than spinal cord injury, multiple sclerosis, and stroke has increased, and continued discussions on clear clinical diagnostic criteria are needed. The treatment of central pain is still a great challenge, but recent evidence points to tricyclic antidepressants, gabapentin and pregabalin, and selective serotonin - noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors as first-line drugs in central pain. An increased understanding of the psychosocial aspects of central pain also has implications for the treatment. Summary: Increased insight into the mechanisms of central pain will hopefully lead to increased efforts to study mechanism-based treatment of central pain. © 2008 Wolters Kluwer Health | Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as treatment for anxiety disorders$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive and generally well-tolerated method of focally stimulating brain regions. It has been shown to be efficacious in the treatment for depression, but only to a limited degree. It has also been investigated for the treatment of some anxiety disorders, particularly obsessive-compulsive disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder and panic disorder. While anecdotal reports and open studies have suggested a therapeutic role for rTMS in anxiety disorders, controlled studies, which have varied greatly in terms of rTMS administration, have not shown it to be superior to placebo. Furthermore, reports in animal models of anxiety have not been consistent. Therefore, to date, there is no convincing evidence for the clinical role of rTMS in anxiety disorders. Further research is needed, drawing on advances in our understanding of pathological neurocircuitry in anxiety disorders and the mechanisms of action by which rTMS may alter that neurocircuitry. With advances in neuroimaging technology, this understanding is likely to be more accessible than it has been in the past. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Assessing the cause of tinnitus for therapeutic options$$$ Background: The important development of tinnitus research in the last few years has improved the knowledge of tinnitus mechanisms, its diagnosis and its treatment. From a peripheral point of view, tinnitus is considered today as a brain reaction to erroneous input activity from the auditory or somatosensorial systems. Method: An accurate diagnosis is crucial to design the best therapeutic options. Treatment should be based on tinnitus aetiology as a first step. Medical counselling is a very effective tool, and it should be mandatory for all patients. Drug treatment experiments could take a step forward in the next few years. NMDA-antagonists or GABA-agonists are some of the targets of the research. The transtympanic delivery path is a good option for cochlear fluctuant diseases and gives us the possibility of higher dosages and fewer systemic side effects. Stimulation of the somatosensory pathways can help us to control somatic modulated tinnitus and it could be done through muscular training, electro-stimulation or pharmaceutical approaches. Auditory management is based in the fact that acoustic deprivation is the most powerful engine for tinnitus generation. Patients can be treated through passive training therapies as hearing aids, retraining therapies or filtered music approaches. Active acoustic training through auditory discrimination is a new promising approach and so is the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the auditory cortex. Conclusion: The combination of different approaches simultaneously will bring the best results for tinnitus relief and efforts should be made towards finding the best combination for each patient. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
2007 update of the 3rd Consensus Conference in Emergency Medicine (Créteil, April 1993): Medicinal treatment of pain in adults in the emergency setting$$$ A questionnaire was posted on the SFMU website from February 15 through April 15 2007 in order to assess the impact of the 1993 Consensus Conference. Four hundred and seventy-three questionnaires were available for study. Among the main findings, it was noted that most of the emergency physicians had a mixed activity, with a predominance of the adult population. Numeric and analogue scales were widely used. Dolopus and the Edin scale were not employed. Sixty-two percent of persons interrogated used the unit protocol. Seventy-two percent of the interrogated persons had an initial dose of morphine then titration with repeated boluses. Management of adults with pain thus appears to be in compliance with the guidelines. An analysis of the literature, using Medline, Cochrane and ScienceDirect® was based on decreasing level of proof. As for the preceding updates, the articles were classified as follows: randomized controlled studies, practical guidelines, meta-analysis, review articles. Data concerning medication used in the emergency setting for pain relief were selected. © 2008.
How should mood disorders be modelled?$$$ Classification of any mental disorder is likely to have clinical utility only if it is based on a valid underlying model. The depressive disorders have long provoked debates as to whether a categorical or a dimensional model is all explanatory. This paper will argue that no single (categorical or dimensional) model is likely to be valid, and that a mix of models is required to classify, diagnose and shape management decisions for the mood disorders. After reviewing limitations to the dimensionally based official classificatory systems (DSM-IV and ICD-10), and noting some of the consequences, a set of alternative strategies is outlined. In essence, identifying syndromal 'fuzzy sets' from phenotypic and aetiological clustering, a model that occurs in the rest of medicine.
Co-occurring depressive symptoms in the older patient with schizophrenia$$$ Clinicians treating older patients with schizophrenia are often challenged by patients presenting with both depressive and psychotic features. The presence of co-morbid depression impacts negatively on quality of life, functioning, overall psychopathology and the severity of co-morbid medical conditions. Depressive symptoms in patients with schizophrenia include major depressive episodes (MDEs) that do not meet criteria for schizoaffective disorder, MDEs that occur in the context of schizoaffective disorder and subthreshold depressive symptoms that do not meet criteria for MDE. Pharmacological treatment of patients with schizophrenia and depression involves augmenting antipsychotic medications with antidepressants. Recent surveys suggest that clinicians prescribe antidepressants to 30% of inpatients and 43% of outpatients with schizophrenia and depression at all ages. Recent trials addressing the efficacy of this practice have evaluated selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) such as fluoxetine, sertraline, fluvoxamine and citalopram. These trials have included only a small number of subjects and few older subjects participated; furthermore, the efficacy results have been mixed. Although no published controlled psychotherapeutic studies have specifically targeted major depression or depressive symptoms in older patients with schizophrenia, psychosocial interventions likely play a role in any comprehensive management plan in this population of patients. Our recommendations for treating the older patient with schizophrenia and major depression involve a stepwise approach. First, a careful diagnostic assessment to rule out medical or medication causes is important as well as checking whether patients are adherent to treatments. Clinicians should also consider switching patients to an atypical antipsychotic if they are not taking one already. In addition, dose optimization needs to be targeted towards depressive as well as positive and negative psychotic symptoms. If major depression persists, adding an SSRI is a reasonable next step; one needs to start with a low dose and then cautiously titrate upward to reduce depressive symptoms. If remission is not achieved after an adequate treatment duration (8-12 weeks) or with an adequate dose (similar to that used for major depression without schizophrenia), switching to another agent or adding augmenting therapy is recommended. We recommend treating an acute first episode of depression for at least 6-9 months and consideration of longer treatment for patients with residual symptoms, very severe or highly co-morbid major depression, ongoing episodes or recurrent episodes. Psychosocial interventions aimed at improving adherence, quality of life and function are also recommended. For patients with schizophrenia and subsyndromal depression, a similar approach is recommended. Psychosis accompanying major depression in patients without schizophrenia is common in elderly patients and is considered a primary mood disorder; for these reasons, it is an important syndrome to consider in the differential diagnosis of older patients with mood and thought disturbance. Treatment for this condition has involved electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as well as combinations of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications. Recent evidence suggests that combination treatment may not be any more effective than antidepressant treatment alone and ECT may be more efficacious overall. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Pathophysiology and treatment of psychosis in Parkinson's disease: A review$$$ Psychotic symptoms in Parkinson's disease (PD) are relatively common and, in addition to creating a disturbance in patients' daily lives, have consistently been shown to be associated with poor outcome. Our understanding of the pathophysiology of psychosis in PD has expanded dramatically over the past 15 years, from an initial interpretation of symptoms as dopaminergic drug adverse effects to the current view of a complex interplay of extrinsic and disease-related factors. PD psychosis has unique clinical features, namely that it arises within a context of a clear sensorium and retained insight, there is relative prominence of visual hallucinations and progression occurs over time. PD psychosis tends to emerge later in the disease course, and disease duration represents one risk factor for its development. The use of anti-PD medications (particularly dopamine receptor agonists) has been the most widely identified risk factor for PD psychosis. Other risk factors discussed in the literature include older age, disease severity, sleep disturbance, cognitive impairment, dementia and/or depression. Recent efforts have aimed to explore the complex pathophysiology of PD psychosis, which is now known to involve an interaction between extrinsic, drug-related and intrinsic, disease-related components. The most important extrinsic factor is use of dopaminergic medication, which plays a prominent role in PD psychosis. Intrinsic factors include visual processing deficits (e.g. lower visual acuity, colour and contrast recognition deficits, ocular pathology and functional brain abnormalities identified amongst hallucinating PD patients); sleep dysregulation (e.g. sleep fragmentation and altered dream phenomena); neurochemical (dopamine, serotonin, acetylcholine, etc.) and structural abnormalities involving site-specific Lewy body deposition; and genetics (e.g. apolipoprotein E ε4 allele and tau H1H1 genotype). Preliminary reports have also shown a potential relationship between deep brain stimulation surgery and PD psychosis. When reduction in anti-PD medications to the lowest tolerated dose does not improve psychosis, further intervention may be warranted. Several atypical antipsychotic agents (i.e. clozapine, olanzapine) have been shown to be efficacious in reducing psychotic symptoms in PD; however, use of clozapine requires cumbersome monitoring and olanzapine leads to motor worsening. Studies of ziprasidone and aripiprazole are limited to open-label trials and case reports and are highly variable; however, it appears that while each may be effective in some patients, both are associated with adverse effects. While quetiapine has not been determined efficacious in two randomized controlled trials, it is a common first-line treatment for PD psychosis because of its tolerability, ease of use and demonstrated utility in numerous open-label reports. Cholinesterase inhibitors currently represent the most promising pharmacological alternative to antipsychotics. Tacrine is rarely tried because of hepatic toxicity, and controlled trials with donepezil have not shown significant reductions in psychotic symptoms, due perhaps to methodological limitations. However, results from an open-label study and a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial involving 188 hallucinating PD patients support the efficacy of rivastigmine. With regard to non-pharmacological interventions, case reports suggest that electroconvulsive therapy has the potential to reduce psychotic symptoms and may be considered in cases involving concurrent depression and/or medication-refractory psychosis. Limited case reports also suggest that specific antidepressants (i.e. clomipramine and citalopram) may improve psychosis in depressed patients. Finally, studies in the schizophrenia literature indicate that psychological approaches are effective in psychosis management but, to date, this strategy has been supported only qualitatively in PD, and further studies are warranted. © 2008 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Treating pregnant women dependent on opioids is not the same as treating pregnancy and opioid dependence: A knowledge synthesis for better treatment for women and neonates$$$ Aims: Through a novel synthesis of the literature and our own clinical experience, we have derived a set of evidence-based recommendations for consideration as guidance in the management of opioid-dependent pregnant women and infants. Methods: PubMed literature searches were carried out to identify recent key publications in the areas of pregnancy and opioid dependence, neonatal abstinence syndrome (NAS) prevention and treatment, multiple substance abuse and psychiatric comorbidity. Results: Pregnant women dependent on opioids require careful treatment to minimize harm to the fetus and neonate and improve maternal health. Applying multi-disciplinary treatment as early as possible, allowing medication maintenance and regular monitoring, benefits mother and child both in the short and the long term. However, there is a need for randomized clinical trials with sufficient sample sizes. Recommendations: Opioid maintenance therapy is the recommended treatment approach during pregnancy. Treatment decisions must encompass the full clinical picture, with respect to frequent complications arising from psychiatric comorbidities and the concomitant consumption of other drugs. In addition to standardized approaches to pregnancy, equivalent attention must be given to the treatment of NAS, which occurs frequently after opioid medication. Conclusion: Methodological flaws and inconsistencies confound interpretation of today's literature. Based on this synthesis of available evidence and our clinical experience, we propose recommendations for further discussion. © 2008 The Authors.
Morphine analgesia in patients with acute appendicitis: A randomised double-blind clinical trial$$$ Background: The administration of analgesics to patients with acute abdominal pain due to acute appendicitis is controversial. A study was undertaken to assess the analgesic effect of morphine in patients with acute appendicitis. Methods: A randomised double-blind clinical trial was conducted in Sina hospital, a general teaching hospital, from January 2004 to March 2005. Patients scheduled for appendectomy were randomised to receive 0.1 mg/kg morphine sulfate or saline (0.9%) to a maximum dose of 10 mg over a 5 min period. Patients were examined by surgeons not involved in their care before and after drug administration and their pain intensity and signs were recorded at each visit. The physicians were also asked to indicate their own treatment plan. The main outcome measures were pain intensity using a visual analogue scale (VAS) and signs of acute appendicitis. A favourable reduction in VAS score was defined as a change of >13 mm. Results: Of the 71 patients enrolled in the study, 35 were allocated to receive morphine and 36 to receive placebo. One patient left the hospital before receiving morphine. No significant differences were seen between the two groups with regard to age, sex and initial VAS score. A more favourable change in VAS score was reported in the morphine group with a significantly greater reduction in the median VAS score than in the placebo group. Morphine administration did not cause significant changes in patients' signs or in the physicians' plans or diagnoses. No adverse events were seen in either group. Conclusion: Morphine can reduce pain in patients with acute appendicitis without affecting diagnostic accuracy.
Olanzapine/fluoxetine combination for treatment-resistant depression: Efficacy and clinical utility$$$ Antidepressant monotherapy is a first-line treatment for depression; however, not all sufferers will adequately respond to treatment. When treating a patient with treatment-resistant depression, the clinician needs to consider all factors which may contribute to an inadequate response to an antidepressant. These include accuracy of diagnosis and medication adherence, as well as the patient's personality, lifestyle, life events and social circumstances. If it is determined that treatment resistance is due to failure of efficacy of antidepressant monotherapy, then an augmentation strategy using an atypical antipsychotic may be considered. Treatment using olanzapine/fluoxetine combination (OFC) is one of many options. Four randomized, acute-phase trials have suggested OFC is useful for reducing Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale scores after inadequate response to antidepressant monotherapy. OFC has been useful at doses of olanzapine/fluoxetine 6/25, 6/50, 12/25 and 12/50 mg/day, with 1/5 mg/day suggested to be an ineffective dose. Treatment with OFC has been associated with some side effects, including weight gain and the metabolic syndrome, somnolence, dry mouth, increased appetite and headache. Treatment decisions therefore need to be made to balance the risks and benefits. © 2008 Expert Reviews Ltd.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression: A systematic review and metaanalysis$$$ Objective: Systematic reviews show that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is superior to sham control conditions in patients with major depressive disorder, but the clinical relevance is not clear. None have specifically examined outcomes in patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). Method: A systematic review was conducted by identifying published randomized controlled trials of active rTMS, compared with a sham control condition in patients with defined TRD (that is, at least one failed trial). The primary outcome was clinical response as determined from global ratings, or 50% or greater improvement on a rating scale. Other outcomes included remission and standardized mean differences in end point scores. Metaanalysis was conducted for absolute risk differences using random effects models. Sensitivity and subgroup analyses were also conducted to explore heterogeneity and robustness of results. Results: A total of 24 studies (n = 1092 patients) met criteria for quantitative synthesis. Active rTMS was significantly superior to sham conditions in producing clinical response, with a risk difference of 17% and a number-needed-to-treat of 6. The pooled response and remission rates were 25% and 17%, and 9% and 6% for active rTMS and sham conditions, respectively. Sensitivity and subgroup analyses did not significantly affect these results. Dropouts and withdrawals owing to adverse events were very low. Conclusions: For patients with TRD, rTMS appears to provide significant benefits in short-term treatment studies. However, the relatively low response and remission rates, the short durations of treatment, and the relative lack of systematic follow-up studies suggest that further studies are needed before rTMS can be considered as a first-line monotherapy treatment for TRD.
The contemporary face of bipolar illness: Complex diagnostic and therapeutic challenges$$$ Manic depression, or bipolar disorder, is a multifaceted illness with an inevitably complex treatment. The current article summarizes the current status of our knowledge and practice concerning its diagnosis and treatment. While the prototypic clinical picture concerns the "classic" bipolar disorder, today mixed episodes with incomplete recovery and significant psychosocial impairment are more frequent. The clinical picture of these mixed episodes is variable, eludes contemporary classification systems, and possibly includes a constellation of mental syndromes currently classified elsewhere. Treatment includes the careful combination of lithium, antiepileptics, atypical antipsychotics, and antidepressants, but not all of the agents in these broad categories are effective for the treatment of bipolar disorder.
Toward individualized post-electroconvulsive therapy care: Piloting the symptom-titrated, algorithm-based longitudinal ECT (STABLE) intervention$$$ Objectives: Effective strategies to prolong remission after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are urgently needed. Fixed schedules for continuation ECT (C-ECT) cannot adapt to early signs of impending relapse. Symptom-Titrated, Algorithm-Based Longitudinal ECT (STABLE) is proposed as a novel patient-focused approach to individualize the ECT schedule. In STABLE, the ECT schedule adapts to symptom fluctuations to prevent overtreatment of those who do not need it and to recapture response in those who might have otherwise relapsed with a rigid dosing schedule. Here we back-test STABLE to optimize the algorithm for subsequent testing in a prospective trial. Methods: Three variations of the STABLE algorithm, differing in cutoff points to trigger or withhold additional ECT, were back-tested in a data set of 89 patients randomized to the C-ECT arm in the CORE (Consortium for Research on ECT) Study comparing C-ECT with combination pharmacotherapy. Results: The selected algorithm identified 100% of patients who ultimately relapsed as requiring additional ECT at an average of 2.2 weeks before relapse, while exposing 20% of sustained remitters to additional ECT. Other variations either failed to capture impending relapse or exposed an unacceptably large percentage of patients to potentially unnecessary ECT. Conclusions: This patient-focused approach to relapse prevention is an attempt to provide the first operationalized guidance to the field regarding how to conduct C-ECT. The effectiveness of this approach should be tested in a randomized controlled trial. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Efficacy of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in recurrent depression: A naturalistic study$$$ Background and Objective: The use of maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (mECT) in contemporary psychiatric practice is controversial. In the United Kingdom, the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence has recommended that mECT should not be used, although evidence underpinning this decision is lacking. Undertaking a randomized evaluation of this treatment would now be very difficult in the United Kingdom. The main aim of this study is to evaluate the efficacy of mECT in reducing recurrence in depression. Method: A retrospective analysis of 19 patients who had responded positively to an index and continuation course of ECT and then proceeded to receive mECT. We compared the number of hospital admissions and duration of hospital stay over 3 time periods: 2 years before ECT, during mECT, and up to 4 years after cessation of mECT. To account for secular trends in service use, we also compared the admission rates of this group with a matched sample who received successful index ECT followed by other maintenance therapies (comparison group). Results: Participants received an average of 37 applications of mECT over a median period of 26 months. Inpatient hospital stay and rate of admissions to an acute psychiatric unit fell significantly during the period of mECT compared with the rates before the initiation of mECT. This reduction in bed use was maintained after termination of mECT. No reduction of service use was observed in the comparison group. Conclusions: The findings suggest that mECT may have a role in reducing the rate and duration of hospital stay of patients with major depressive disorder. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Moderate hyperventilation prolongs electroencephalogram seizure duration of the first electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Although it is controversial that seizure duration can influence the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), a missed or brief seizure is considered less effective ECT. Of the background in the practice of ECT, hyperventilation may augment the seizure duration. To elucidate these hypotheses, we performed double-blind randomized controlled trial for 19 patients. They were divided into 2 groups, according to the end-tidal pressure of carbon dioxide (ETCO2): The moderate hyperventilation group with ETCO2 of 30 mm Hg and the normal ventilation group with ETCO2 of 40 mm Hg. ECT was performed under general anesthesia with propofol and suxamethonium. During ECT electroencephalogram (EEG) and electromyogram were recorded. The Global Assessment of Functioning scores were also analyzed before and after 6 sequential ECT. The moderate hyperventilation group showed a significant increase in EEG seizure duration in the first treatment compared with the normal ventilation group (P < 0.05). However, EEG seizure duration in the subsequent treatments and electromyogram seizure duration in all the treatments did not differ between 2 groups. The moderate hyperventilation did not prevent the increase in seizure threshold or shortening of seizure duration. No complications or sever adverse effects were observed after ECT in any of the 6 treatments. The Global Assessment of Functioning scores were not significantly changed with moderate hyperventilation. We conclude that moderate hyperventilation is safe and may be useful for seizure augmentation before the restimulation with higher intensities. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Effects of general anesthetic agents in adults receiving electroconvulsive therapy: A systematic review$$$ Objectives: Our primary objective was to conduct a systematic review to determine the differential effects of general anesthetic agents on electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) induced motor and electroencephalogram seizure duration. Our secondary objective was to determine the differential effects of induction agents on emergence time, recovery time, and the occurrence of adverse cardiac events and drug effects. MATERIALS AND Methods: We searched 4 electronic databases for randomized, crossover, and parallel trials. The weighted mean difference was calculated for continuous variables, whereas the risk difference was assessed for dichotomous variables. We combined crossover- and parallel-designed trials using the inverse variance method, and the random-effects model was used throughout. Results: Forty-one randomized trials involving 14 induction agents were included. The quality of trials was poor. Clinical and statistical heterogeneity were identified throughout. The most commonly studied comparison was methohexital versus propofol, where the mean motor seizure duration with methohexital was longer compared with that of propofol (weighted mean difference, 9.06 seconds; 95% confidence interval, 5.72-12.40). However, combining methohexital or propofol with a short-acting opioid prolonged seizure duration. Small but significant variations in emergence and recovery times were identified. Inadequate data were available to draw conclusions regarding adverse cardiac events and drug effects. No deaths were reported. Conclusions: Whereas the relationship between ECT seizure length and efficacy remains unclear, all of the available induction agents in this review would be appropriate for ECT. When the clinician needs to prolong seizure length, methohexital or the addition of a short-acting opioid to methohexital or propofol should be considered. The small variations in emergence and recovery times should not govern the choice of an induction agent. © 2008 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Safety and efficacy of Vagus Nerve Stimulation in treatment-resistant depression. A systematic review$$$ Objective: The main objective of this review of the literature was to evaluate the safety and efficacy of Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS) in treatment-resistant depression (TRD) by means of systematic review and meta-analysis. Methods: A systematic review of the literature was made using the major databases (Medline, Psychological Abstracts, Current Contents), beginning in January 2000 and ending in September 2007. Ninety-eight references were found, but only 18 add-on studies met the required quality criteria and were included in this review. Only one double-blind, randomized study was available and therefore a meta-analysis was not feasible. Results: In a majority of the preliminary open studies selected for this review, VNS was associated with a significant reduction of the depressive symptoms (primary outcome: Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, HDRS) in the short and long term. Unfortunately, the only double-blind study gave rather inconclusive results. Generally, VNS is reported to be a safe and feasible procedure, despite its invasive nature. Conclusions: VNS seems to be an interesting new approach to treating TRD. However, despite the promising results reported mainly in open studies, further clinical trials are needed to confirm its efficacy in major depression. Moreover, studies on its mechanism of action and cost-effectiveness are also required to better understand and develop VNS therapy for affective disorder. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
A review of empirical evidence of somatic treatment options for the MI/DD population$$$ This article reviews recent evidence in the literature for the use of psychotropic and other somatic treatments in the management of patients with mental retardation (MR). The search methodology included peer-reviewed English language publications in PubMed and PsychINFO with the words Mental Retardation, Intellectual Disability, Developmental Disability and Mental Disorders/Drug Therapy or Antipsychotic medications, Psychiatric Somatic therapies, Neuroleptic Drugs, Antidepressants and Electroconvulsive Therapy from 1998 to 2008. The review revealed few randomized controlled trials on the medications frequently prescribed for patients with MR. Three RCTs of Risperidone in children, one combining adults and children and one with adults only are discussed. There was one RCT involving Quetiapine and one on Citalopram. There is little evidence to support the scope of psychotropic medication use in the MR population though the field is advancing. The contribution of psychiatric illness to challenging behaviors is not systematically addressed in the literature. © 2008 Springer Science+Business Media, LLC.
Treatment-resistant depression: Critique of current approaches$$$ The aim of the present study was to critically appraise current conceptual approaches; demographic, neurobiological and clinical correlates; and management strategies of treatment-resistant depression (TRD), especially in light of recent research findings. To this end, a review of the relevant English-language literature was undertaken using Medline, Embase and Psychinfo. TRD has been defined in conceptually restrictive terms as symptomatic non-response to physical therapies alone, with little systematic study of aetiology made. It is likely that a range of sociodemographic (such as higher socioeconomic status), genetic (such as variation in functional monoamine polymorphisms) and clinical variables (such as signal hyperintensities seen on structural neuroimaging scans) are responsible for non-response in individuals. There is insufficient evidence to suggest that TRD is associated with specific subtypes of depression, physical comorbidity, personality or chronicity. The large-scale Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression (STAR*D) and other studies have suggested that a structured psychotherapy such as cognitive behaviour therapy may be as effective as medication in initial drug non-responders. Also conventional alternatives such as the use of older antidepressant classes, pharmacological augmentation or electroconvulsive therapy in established cases of TRD are not as effective as traditionally thought. There is insufficient preliminary evidence to make formal recommendations about the use of novel brain stimulation techniques in TRD. TRD should be re-defined as the failure to reach symptomatic and functional remission after adequate treatment with physical and psychological therapies. Treatment resistance may be more usefully conceived within the context of well-defined cohorts such as patients with specific subtypes of depression. Although neurobiological markers such as gene polymorphisms, which are potentially predictive of medication tolerance and efficacy, may be used in the future, it is likely that sociocultural variables such as beliefs about depression, and evidence-based treatments for it, will also determine treatment resistance.
Double-blind randomized controlled study comparing short-term efficacy of bifrontal and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in acute mania$$$ Background: Bifrontal electrode placement is as efficacious as bitemporal placement during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depression but is associated with fewer cognitive adverse effects. There are no studies comparing these techniques in acute mania. This study compared the short-term efficacy and adverse effects of bifrontal and bitemporal ECT in the treatment of acute mania. Method: Thirty-six DSM-IV mania inpatients referred for ECT were recruited for study. They were randomized to receive bifrontal (BFECT; n = 17) or bitemporal (BTECT; n = 19) ECT. None of the subjects were on mood stabilizers during the course of ECT. Severity of mania was measured on the Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) before beginning ECT and then on Days 3, 7, 11, 14, and 21 of treatment. Cognitive functions were assessed eight hours after the fifth ECT session using the Mini-Mental Status Examination (MMSE), Paired Associate Learning Test, Complex Figure Test, Verbal Fluency Test (animals and fruits categories), and Trail Making Test, Part A. Results: The subjects in the two groups were comparable on sociodemographic and clinical variables, including severity of mania at baseline. They were also similar in ECT parameters, including seizure threshold and seizure duration. Mean YMRS scores showed faster decline in the BFECT than in the BTECT group. Kaplan-Meier survival analysis showed that a greater proportion of subjects in the BFECT group responded (50% reduction in YMRS score) significantly earlier than in the BTECT group. There were no significant differences between the groups in performance on cognitive function tests. Conclusion: In this pilot study, mania patients treated with BFECT responded faster than those treated with BTECT, with comparable cognitive adverse effects. Since ECT is usually prescribed for rapid control of symptoms, BFECT may be preferred over BTECT in the treatment of acute mania. © 2008 The Authors Journal compilation © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard.
The co-administration of quetiapine or placebo to cognitive-behavior therapy in treatment refractory depression: A preliminary trial$$$ Background: Patients with major depression refractory to repeated pharmacological trials (TRD) may remain symptomatic for many years after their index episode. Augmentation strategies (with lithium or an atypical antipsychotic) or combining an antidepressant with short-term psychotherapy have been used with relative success in these patients. The aim of this study was to assess the effectiveness of the concomitant administration of quetiapine, an atypical antipsychotic, or placebo, to cognitive-behavior therapy (CBT) in TRD. Methods: Thirty-one patients who met entrance criteria for unipolar major depression (TRD stage II or greater) underwent 3 weeks of lithium augmentation after which non-responders (N = 22) were randomized to receive either quetiapine or placebo as an adjunct to their 12 weekly CBT sessions (quetiapine/CBT or placebo/CBT groups). Primary efficacy measures were the Hamilton and the Montgomery-Asberg rating scales for depression. Results: Overall, there was a significant reduction in both primary efficacy measure scores at LOCF for the 11 patients in the quetiapine/ CBT group but not in the placebo/CBT treated patients. Patients in the quetiapine/CBT group, compared to those receiving placebo/CBT, showed a significantly greater degree of improvement on one primary and one secondary efficacy measure, were more likely to complete the trial and, completed a greater number of CBT sessions. Conclusion: Although preliminary, our results suggest that the adjunctive administration of quetiapine to CBT may prove useful in the treatment of stage II TRD. © 2008 Chaput et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
The placebo treatments in neurosciences: New insights from clinical and neuroimaging studies$$$ Placebo (PL) treatment is a method utilized as a control condition in clinical trials. A positive placebo response is seen in up to 50% of patients with Parkinson disease (PD), pain syndromes, and depression. The response is more pronounced with invasive procedures or advanced disease. Physiologic and biochemical changes have been studied in an effort to understand the mechanisms underlying placebo-related clinical improvement. In PD, objective clinical improvements in parkinsonism correlate with dopaminergic activation of the striatum, documented by PET and with changes in cell firings of the subthalamic nucleus documented by single cell recordings. Dopaminergic pathways mediating reward may underlie PL-mediated improvement in PD. In pain syndromes, endogenous opioid release triggered by cortical activation, especially the rostral anterior cingulated cortex, is associated with PL-related analgesia and can be reversed by opioid antagonists. Covert treatment of an analgesic is less effective than overt treatment, suggesting an expectation component to clinical response. In depression, PL partially imitates selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor-mediated brain activation. Diseases lacking major "top-down" or cortically based regulation may be less prone to PL-related improvement. Copyright © 2008 by AAN Enterprises, Inc.
Gaddum and LSD: The birth and growth of experimental and clinical neuropharmacology research on 5-HT in the UK$$$ The vasoconstrictor substance named serotonin was identified as 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) by Maurice Rapport in 1949. In 1951, Rapport gave Gaddum samples of 5-HT substance allowing him to develop a bioassay to both detect and measure the amine. Gaddum and colleagues rapidly identified 5-HT in brain and showed that lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD) antagonized its action in peripheral tissues. Gaddum accordingly postulated that 5-HT might have a role in mood regulation. This review examines the role of UK scientists in the first 20 years following these major discoveries, discussing their role in developing assays for 5-HT in the CNS, identifying the enzymes involved in the synthesis and metabolism of 5-HT and investigating the effect of drugs on brain 5-HT. It reviews studies on the effects of LSD in humans, including Gaddum's self-administration experiments. It outlines investigations on the role of 5-HT in psychiatric disorders, including studies on the effect of antidepressant drugs on the 5-HT concentration in rodent and human brain, and the attempts to examine 5-HT biochemistry in the brains of patients with depressive illness. It is clear that a rather small group of both preclinical scientists and psychiatrists in the UK made major advances in our understanding of the role of 5-HT in the brain, paving the way for much of the knowledge now taken for granted when discussing ways that 5-HT might be involved in the control of mood and the idea that therapeutic drugs used to alleviate psychiatric illness might alter the function of cerebral 5-HT. © 2008 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
The current clinical management of Huntington's disease$$$ Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative condition, characterized by movement disorders, cognitive decline, and psychiatric disturbance. We review the pharmacological management of the various movement disorders associated with the disease, the cognitive decline and the commonly encountered behavioral disturbances. We discuss the non-classical features of the disease, important in the management of these patients. Nonpharmacological support including genetic counseling and therapy and the importance of palliative care are also addressed. Finally, experimental approaches that may soon impact upon clinical practice are discussed. © 2008 Movement Disorder Society.
Acute and long-term treatment of mania$$$ The treatment of mania starts with a correct diagnosis and elementary measures to prevent risks for the patient, relatives, and others. Sometimes, compulsory admission and treatment may be required for a few days. Patients with psychotic or mixed mania may be more difficult to treat. At the present time, there is solid evidence supporting the use of lithium, the anticonvulsants valproate and carbamazepine, and the antipsychotics chlorpromazine, haloperidol, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole, and asenapine in acute mania, and some evidence supporting the use of clozapine or electroconvulsive therapy in treatment-refractory cases. However, in clinical practice, combination therapy is the rule rather than the exception. The treatment of acute mania deserves a long-term view, and the evidence base for some treatments may be stronger than for others. When taking decisions about treatment, tolerability should also be a major concern, as differences in safety and tolerability may exceed differences in efficacy for most compounds. Psychoeducation of patients and caregivers is a powerful tool that should be used in combination with medication for optimal long-term outcome. Functional recovery should be the ultimate goal. © 2008, LLS SAS.
Bipolar depression: Trial-based insights to guide patient care$$$ For the majority of patients with bipolar disorder, major depressive episodes represent the most debilitating and difficult-to-treat illness dimension. Patients spend significantly more time depressed than manic or hypomanic, and attempt suicide more frequently during this illness phase, yet the availability of treatments remains limited. The discovery of more effective therapeutics for managing depressive episodes is arguably the greatest unmet need in bipolar disorder. This article provides an evidence-based summary of pharmacological treatments for the acute and longitudinal management of bipolar depression. Clinical trial results are reviewed for a diverse array of compounds, inclusive of traditional mood stabilizers (eg, lithium and divalproex), atypical antipsychotics, unimodal antidepressants, and modafinil. Where applicable, differences in efficacy across compounds are examined through discussion of number needed to treat and effect size determinations. A pragmatic clinical approach is presented for management of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder. © 2008, LLS SAS.
Promising avenues of therapeutics for bipolar illness$$$ Basic scientific advances in understanding the neuropsychobiology of bipolar disorder have given us a multitude of opportunities to explore and exploit new avenues of therapeutics. Pharmacotherapeutic approaches include: neuropeptides (agonists such as thyrotropin-releasing hormone and antagonists such as corticotropin-releasing hormone), neurotrophic factors (especially brain-derived neurotrophic factor), and glutamatergic mechanisms (such as riluzole, ketamine, and antagonists of the NR-2B subunit of the glutamate receptor). Physiological interventions that would offer alternatives to electroconvulsive therapy include: repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation, especially at more intense stimulation parameters; magnetic stimulation therapy (seizures induced more focally by magnetic rather than electrical stimulation with resulting reduced meaning loss); vagal nerve stimulation, and deep brain stimulation. However, these, as well as the panoply of existing treatments, require further intensive investigation to place each of them in the proper therapeutic sequence and combination for the individual patient, based on development of better clinical and biological predictors of response. Large clinical trial networks and development of systematic research in clinical practice settings, such as that featured by the National Cancer Institute for cancer chemotherapy, would greatly accelerate the progress in incorporating new, as well as existing, agents into the best treatment strategies. The bipolar disorders, which are increasingly recognized as complex, highly comorbid conditions with a high morbidity and mortality, of which the majority start in childhood and adolescence, are not likely to respond completely to any single new treatment agent, and new public health initiatives and research strategies are needed as much as any new single treatment advance. © 2008, LLS SAS.
Acute and continuation therapy in unipolar depression: Observations from the run-in phase of a maintenance trial$$$ Objective: The aim of the study was to analyze treatments and outcome in depressed patients. Method: Patients with recurrent depressive disorder (n = 289), recruited for a prophylaxis study, were followed up in hospital settings for 6 months with diagnostic and depression ratings at baseline and monthly depression ratings. Data on psychotropic drugs were retrieved from hospital case records. Independent associations between baseline, treatment and outcome variables were examined by logistic regression models. Results: Depressive symptoms subsided gradually. After 6 months, 21% had dropped out, 43% were rated as remitted (HAM-D-17 <8) and 8% had not responded (HAM-D-17 >15). Patients once remitted rarely relapsed (<5%). All patients received antidepressant drugs, half of them more than one (2-4) as well as other psychotropic drugs. Patients responding poorly received more frequently multiple antidepressants, tricyclic antidepressants, hypnosedatives, lithium and/or antipsychotics. Conclusion: The 6-month outcome was generally poor. Choice of treatment appeared at least partly to be determined by the therapeutic outcome. Copyright © 2008 The Authors.
Emerging treatment for Tourette's disorder$$$ Tourette's disorder is a childhood-onset neuropsychiatric disorder characterized by multiple motor and vocal tics. Many children with Tourette's disorder improve through-out adolescence. However, some adults with Tourette's disorder still experience severe symptoms and significant disability. This article examines the evidence base for current treatments for Tourette's disorder. Emerging treatments such as deep brain stimulation, habit reversal therapy, and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation are also discussed. Copyright © 2008 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Do atypical antipsychotics effectively treat co-occurring bipolar disorder and stimulant dependence? A randomized, double-blind trial$$$ Objectives: The primary objective was to compare the efficacy and tolerability of quetiapine and risperidone in the treatment of mood symptoms, drug cravings, and drug use in outpatients with concurrent DSM-IV-defined bipolar I or II disorder and cocaine or methamphetamine dependence. Method: Men and women of all ethnic origins, 20 to 50 years of age, were eligible to participate. Persons were excluded if they were inpatients, met DSM-IV criteria for substance-induced mood disorder, had any other substance dependence, were euthymic or suicidal, had any life-threatening illnesses, or were currently receiving antipsychotic medications. Duration of the trial was 20 weeks. Study participants attended weekly visits and were evaluated for mood symptoms, drug cravings, drug use, and medication side effects. Treatment outcomes were analyzed using linear mixed models. Fixed-effects terms for medication group, study week, and group-by-study-week were included in the models. The study was conducted between October 2002 and November 2006. Results: Of 124 consenting outpatients, an evaluable sample of 80 patients who attended baseline and at least 1 follow-up study visit was formed. The mean ± SD exit dose for quetiapine was 303.6 ± 151.9 mg/day and 3.1 ± 1.2 mg/day for risperidone. Both quetiapine (N = 42) and risperidone (N = 38) significantly improved manic and depressive symptoms and reduced drug cravings (p < .0005) compared to baseline. Decreased drug cravings were related to less frequent drug use (p = .03). The 2 medications did not significantly differ in their effects on mood symptoms, drug craving, or drug use. Conclusions: Relative to baseline mood and drug-craving status, both quetiapine and risperidone were associated with manic, mixed, and depressive symptom improvement and reduced drug cravings. Both medications were well tolerated. The interpretation of these results is limited by the absence of a placebo control. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00227123. © Copyright 2008 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Optimizing Therapeutic Effects in Patients with Comorbidities: Drug-Resistant Tremor, Autonomic Dysfunction, Psychiatric Disorders, and Cognitive Impairment$$$ Parkinsonism is a syndrome characterized by a combination of cardinal features including resting tremor, bradykinesia, rigidity, and loss of postural reflexes. The most common presentation of parkinsonism is the idiopathic variety first described by James Parkinson in 1817 now known as Parkinson's disease (PD). This article focuses on identifying the different subtypes of PD, with the recognition that treatment approaches may differ depending on the initial presenting feature. It also addresses issues related to the recognition and treatment of nonmotor comorbidities of PD, such as autonomic dysfunction and neuropsychiatric problems including depression and dementia. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The future of depression psychopharmacology$$$ Along with the development of selective sertonin reuptake inhibitors there has been a tremendous widening of the definition of depression and an impressive decrease in the placebo-drug difference in controlled studies. In the early 1960s, about one third of depressed patients improved with placebo and two thirds with active compounds. Current controlled studies suggest that the situation has certainly not improved. The Sequenced Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression Study found that response rates to new compounds after the failure of the first antidepressant are low. The monoamine hypothesis of depression was formulated in the mid 1960s based on the antidepressant efficacy of the monoamine reuptake inhibitors, monoamine oxidase inhibitors, and the depressogenic effects of reserpine as a monoamine depleter. However, no monoamine-related finding has been found that is diagnostic for depression. A second major hypothesis regarding depression has been the stress cortisol hypothesis. However, blood cortisol levels are not diagnostic of depression. Psychiatric clinicians are convinced that there are patients for whom antidepressants have made the difference between life and death. However, physicians may generalize unjustifiably based on single dramatic cases to a much larger diagnostic group. Perhaps there are many causes of different types of human sadness, and perhaps only some of these involve mechanisms related to monoamines. Thus, perhaps only some kinds of depression are responsive to monoamine affecting antidepressants.
Depression in Alzheimer's disease: Phenomenology, clinical correlates and treatment$$$ Depression is one of the most frequent comorbid psychiatric disorders in Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, and is associated with worse quality of life, greater disability in activities of daily living, a faster cognitive decline, a high rate of nursing home placement, relatively higher mortality, and a higher frequency of depression and burden in caregivers. Depression in Alzheimer's disease is markedly under-diagnosed, and most patients with depression are either not treated or are on subclinical doses of antidepressants. This is related to the lack of validated diagnostic criteria and specific instruments to assess depression in dementia. Apathy and pathological affect-crying are the main differential diagnoses of depression in Alzheimer's disease. Left untreated, major depression in Alzheimer's disease may last for about 12 months. Recent randomized controlled trials demonstrated the efficacy of sertraline and moclobemide to treat depression in Alzheimer's disease. Other psychoactive compounds may be useful as well, but careful consideration must be given to potentially serious side-effects. © 2008 Informa Healthcare USA, Inc.
Is the risk of depression greater during the menopause?$$$ For many years, the nature of the relationship between the menopause and depression has been controversial. Recent longitudinal studies focusing on the menopause transition provide more consistent evidence that better defines this relationship. First, the majority of women do not develop a depressive disorder during the menopause transition or early postmenopause. Second, a subgroup of women are at an increased risk of developing depression during the menopause transition. For some women, these depressions occur for the first time in their lives. Finally, at present, few if any characteristics predict those women who are at risk of developing depression during the menopause transition. Future studies should focus on documenting the number of women who are at risk and the markers of susceptibility for developing depression during the menopause transition. Moreover, increasing evidence documenting the safety of ET in symptomatic perimenopausal women also suggests that a better understanding of both the potential risks and therapeutic benefits of ET in depression during the menopause transition could lead to a viable alternative therapy to traditional antidepressants.
Cost-effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation vs. electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression: A multi-centre randomised controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has a long history of use in treating depression. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been introduced more recently to the treatment spectrum. Its cost-effectiveness has not been explored. Method: Forty-six right-handed people with severe depressive episodes referred for ECT were randomised to receive either ECT twice weekly or rTMS on consecutive weekdays. Health and other service use were recorded for retrospective periods of 3 months prior to initiation of treatment and during the 6 months following the end of allocated treatment. Costs were calculated for the treatment period and the subsequent 6 months, and comparisons made between groups after adjustment for any baseline differences. Cost-effectiveness analysis was conducted with incremental change on the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) as the primary outcome measure, and quality-adjusted life years (based on SF6D-generated utility scores with societal weights) as secondary outcome, cost-effectiveness acceptability curves plotted. Results: Based on the HRSD scores and other outcome measures, rTMS was not as effective as ECT. The cost of a single session of rTMS was lower than the cost of a session of ECT, but overall there were no treatment cost differences. In the treatment and 6-month follow-up periods combined, health and other service costs were not significantly different between the two groups. Informal care costs were higher for the rTMS group. Total treatment, service and informal care costs were also higher for the rTMS group. The cost-effectiveness acceptability curves indicated a very small probability that decision-makers would view rTMS as more cost-effective than ECT. Limitations: Small sample size, some sample attrition and a relatively short follow-up period of 6 months for a chronic illness. Productivity losses could not be calculated. Conclusions: ECT is more cost-effective than rTMS in the treatment of severe depression. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
ECT maintenance therapy in recurrent depression$$$ Background: A principal deterrent to the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in spite of its documented superiority in the treatment of acute episodes of severe depression is a documented early relapse of about 80%. Continuation and maintenance ECT (C-ECT, M-ECT) therefore is used to prevent relapse and recurrence of depressive episodes in patients who have failed previous continuation/or maintenance pharmacotherapy, and who have also responded to an acute course of ECT. The fact that about 20% of patients with recurrent depression have psychotic features, and acute ECT is found superior to antidepressants alone or in combination with antipsychotics, and further that such patients have a higher suicide rate than those without psychotic features support the practise of M-ECT as a viable treatment option for these difficult-to-treat patients. Recent studies: Two recent multisite randomized clinical trials adressing prevention of relapse following an acute course of ECT, the Columbia University study (CUC) and the CORE study [1,2] compare continuation pharmacotherapy and M-ECT. The CUC study compared placebo, nortiptyline and nortriptyline/lithium maintenance, the CORE study comprised the same drugs, but also had a C-ECT arm. Relapse prevention: The 6-month relapse rates in the CUC study were 84% with placebo, 60% with nortriptyline, and 39% in the combination medication group. In the CORE study the 6-month relapse rate for the nortriptyline-lithium combination was was 32% and for C-ECT, 37%. Conclusion: On the background of these important studies the use of maintenance ECT is justified, particularly in psychotic depression, in patients with cardiovascular problems preventing the use of tricyclics, and in the elderly.
A new strategy of continuation pharmacotherapy in the prevention of relapse following ECT: A controlled trial$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) remains one of the most effective treatments for depressive illness [1,2]. Although, both continuation ECT (C-ECT) and continuation pharmacotherapy (C-Pharm) were shown to be modestly effective in preventing depressive relapse, relapse rates after successful ECT remain unacceptably high with standard treatments [1,2]. Objective: Based on the 'initiation and adaptation' theory [3], to afford brain enough time for developing its qualitative and quantitave adaptive mechanisms in response to drug we propose a new strategy of post-ECT C-Pharm where antidepressant agent was initiated at mid ECT sessions. Efficacy of novel C-Pharm Early strategy in prevention of post-ECT relapse is prospectively tested. Method: Twenty-week, randomized, double-blind, placebocontrolled, parallel-arms trial. Patients were aged 18-65 years, diagnosed with DSM-IV major depressive disorder (MDD), with or without psychotic features, with initial Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores of >22. Patients were administered 8 sessions of bilateral ECT twice weekly. Randomization to C-Pharm Early; C-Pharm Late; C-Pharm Placebo groups; 2:2:1, respectively occurred after completion of 4th ECT session. At the day of randomization C-Pharm Early group were given sertraline HCL (150mg/day); C-Pharm Late group were first given identical placebo tablets, which was substituted with sertraline HCL after the completion 8th ECT. C-Pharm Placebo group were administered placebo tablets throughout the randomization. Outcome measures: Rate of relapse and survival time was the main outcome measures. The criterion for relapse is a mean MADRS score of at least 16 that is maintained over 2 consecutive visits. Secondary outcome measures were rates of response, changes in absolute ratings of depression, suicide, global assessment of functioning (GAF) scores. Results: Among the initial sample of 46 patients, 44 randomized and completed 8 sessions of ECT. Summary scores of MADRS at pre-ECT and pre-randomization baseline, post-ECT, and study end point is given in Table 1. 32 out of 44 (73%) patients achieving ≥50% improvement and MADRS score of ≤12 called as responders. While %67 (4/6) relapse rate was observed in the C-Pharm Placebo group, 12.5% (1/8) versus 28% (5/18) relapse rates were observed in the C-Pharm Early and C-Pharm Late groups, respectively (χ2df= 2=4.9, p = 0.09). Difference in relapse rates reached significance for C-Pharm Early vs C-Pharm Placebo groups (χ2df= 1=4.4, p = 0.04). Estimated mean±SEM time to relapse of 14±2 weeks for the C-Pharm Early group was significantly longer than 6.33±3.2 weeks for the C-Pharm Placebo group (χ2 = 4.09, p = 0.04). The difference between the estimated mean±SEM time to relapse of 12.3±1.5 weeks for C-Pharm Late vs Placebo group could not reach significance (χ2 = 3.55, p = 0.06). Conclusions: Statistical evidence of superiority against C-Pharm Placebo group in spite of the small sample size implicates better protection against post-ECT depressive relapse by C-Pharm Early strategy. This preliminary data encouraged by the qualitative and quantitave adaptive mechanisms underlying antidepressant actions may prove effective for solving the key problem of post-ECT relapse.
Long-term efficacy of repetitive TMS in the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia$$$ Background: Negative symptoms are one of the basic characteristics of schizophrenia. They are regarded as one of the most persistent, refractory, and disabling component of the disorder. Negative symptoms do not respond to therapy with 1st generation antipsychotics and the effect of 2nd generation antipsychotics remains unclear. A theoretical justification of the effect of rTMS on negative schizophrenic symptoms can be seen in the fact that high-frequency rTMS has an activating effect on cortex neurons. Negative correlation between activity of the frontal cortex and severity of negative symptoms has been proved repeatedly. Another important fact is that dopamine can be released in the mesolimbic and mesostriatal brain systems by high-frequency stimulation of the frontal cortex. There has been only little information published concerned with influencing negative schizophrenic symptoms yet. According to authors' knowledge there is no study that would solve issue what time after successful rTMS treatment improvement of negative schizophrenic symptoms is enduring. Objectives: (a) To assess influencing of negative schizophrenic symptoms using high frequency stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex within a simple blind randomised trial (sham and subsequent real rTMS) and (b) following to consider the stability of potential improvement of negative symptoms in six months interval after rTMS therapy. Methodology: The study was carried out on a 42-year-old schizophrenic patient with prominent negative symptoms. The rTMS treatment consisted of three weeks sham and following three weeks real rTMS. Psychopathology was rated on PANSS, SANS, CDSS and MADRS before and after the sham, after the real rTMS and after six months after rTMS therapy. Results: The sham rTMS led to decrease over 9% in total PANSS, 31% in positive PANSS, 25% in MADRS, 4% in SANS, an increase over 3% in negative PANSS and no change in CDSS. The real rTMS led to decrease over 35% in total PANSS, 23% in positive PANSS, 40% in negative PANSS, 67% in MADRS, 43% in SANS and no change in CDSS. The percentual changes of individual scales during six months after rTMS therapy (against scores after real rTMS) were following: a decrease over 4% in total PANSS, 6% in negative PANSS, 5% in SANS, an increase over 14% in positive PANSS and 33% in MADRS, and no change in CDSS. Conclusion: High frequency rTMS applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex led to a reduction of severity of negative symptoms for time period six months at least in patient suffering from schizophrenia. The main contribution of our small study to the knowledge concerning possible treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia with rTMS can be seen in the fact that good therapeutic effect of rTMS has been lasting for at least six months after rTMS therapy. Medication and psychosocial conditions did not change during this period in any way. According to our information there is the first clinical experience that potential benefit of high frequency rTMS stimulation over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia can be lasting several weeks after the completion of rTMS therapy. The results presented here should be regarded in the light of the single case report study. The up to now very promising results must be verified in an adequately big population of patients within a double-blind randomised study design.
Effect of repetitive TMS of the left orbitofrontal cortex in drug-resistant Obsessive-Compulsive patients: A controlled investigation$$$ Background: Obsessive-Compulsive Disorder (OCD) is a highly debilitating condition with a lifetime prevalence of 2% to 3%. Although the introduction of selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs) has improved the treatment and prognosis of OCD, a notable percentage of patients do not respond to treatment and the response has a latency of 4-8 weeks. Orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) plays a major role in the pathophysiology of OCD: functional neuroimaging studies indicate that OCD symptoms are associated with increased activity in OFC, caudate nucleus, thalamus and anterior cingulate gyrus. The goal of our single blind study is to assess whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a non invasive technique that delivers magnetic pulses to the cortex, over the left OFC would influenced OCD symptoms in drug-resistant patients. Method: The sample was composed by sixteen patients, admitted to the Department of Psychiatry, at the San Raffaele Institute. Patients belonging to distinct treatment option (sham vs active rTMS) didn't differ in term of clinical and demographic characteristics. They were drug-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder. Patients were randomly administered real (n = 12) or sham (n = 4) rTMS, given every day for five days a week for three weeks. Patients received 10 minutes of 1 Hz left-side sub threshold rTMS (intensity 80% motor threshold) over the left frontopolar cortex targeting the OFC at 15 session (1 session per day, 5 sessions per week for 3 weeks). For sham treatment the coil was placed over the same area but perpendicular to the scalp. The patients' OCD symptoms, mood and anxiety were rated baseline, after the end of the treatment and once every two weeks for 2 months. Results: The 15 daily treatments of 1Hz rTMS at 80% motor threshold over the left OFC had therapeutic effects on OCD drug-resistant patients with a significant reduction of Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS) in the two-months follow up (ANOVA analysis: p<0.00) compared to patients who received sham stimulation; we found also a reduction of anxiety and depression symptoms but not significant different in the two groups. Analyzing the percentage of reduction of YBOCS, we found that 50% (6/12) of the patients who received active rTMS had a reduction of >25% of YBOCS, while 25% (3/12) of the patients has a reduction of >35% of YBOCS. Conclusions: We could conclude that the rTMS effect in OCD drug-resistant patients is specific for obsessive-compulsive symptoms. Moreover, low-frequency rTMS of the left orbitofrontal cortex produced significant improvement of OCD significantly different from sham treatment in these patients. The results we found are similar to those reported in deep brain stimulation studies. Further investigation involving larger group of patients should be performed to clarify whether rTMS could be a useful therapy in OCD patients and determine the optimal stimulation characteristics for this delivery. Moreover, we are planning to link together these clinical data with genetic analyses, focused on serotonergic system genes.
Transcranial magnetic therapy in the complex treatment of affective disorders in patients with alcoholism$$$ A main group - 32 patients receiving transcranial magnetic therapy (TMT) in addition to the basic treatment (nootrops, hepatoprotectors, vitamins/minerals etc) was compared to a control group (30 patients) receiving placebo instead of TMT. All patients, aged from 35 to 64 years, had the second stage of alcoholism with illness duration from 4 to 12 years and were in the postabstinent state at the moment of treatment. The TMT course included 10 daily sessions with a 10-20 min exposure. A somatic, neurological and instrumental study, including cardiointervalography, electroencephalography, assessment of autonomic system state and psychometric scales for depression and anxiety, was conducted before, during and after the therapy. The improvement of health, mood and sleep, increase of tolerability to physical loading and reduction of alcohol craving were observed after TMT in 75% of patients in the main group and in 30% in the control one. The improvement of patient's state was correlated with the data of the paraclinical study (electrophysiological parameters of the autonomic nervous system and psychometric scales scores).
Mechanisms of action of the mood stabilizer valproate: A focus on GSK-3 inhibition$$$ Valproate is the most widely prescribed antiepileptic drug worldwide, and it is also used in the treatment of bipolar affective disorder, migraine headache and cancer. However, the therapeutic mechanism of action of valproate in these illness states is not understood. This article reviews the pharmacological effects of valproate that may explain its therapeutic efficacy. It focuses on the hypothesis that inhibition of glycogen synthase kinase-3 by valproate is a crucial therapeutic mechanism of this drug in the treatment of bipolar affective disorder. Other cellular pathways and signaling molecules that are targets of valproate (such as inositol de novo blosynthesis, histone deacetylase, protein kinase C, γ-aminobutyric acid, the extracellular signal-regulated kinase pathway and others) are also discussed. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd.
Advances in the treatment of late-life psychotic depression$$$ The evidence base supporting the treatment of psychotic depression among older adults is scant. Although the consensus regarding the best therapeutic opinion favors electroconvulsive therapy, most patients, their families, and practitioners will exhaust medication alternatives first. Recent preliminary reports from the Study of the Pharmacotherapy of Psychotic Depression (STOP-PD) suggest a 12-week program of combined antidepressant and antipsychotic pharmacotherapy may achieve remission rates as high as 60%.
Opioids and the management of chronic severe pain in the elderly: Consensus statement of an international expert panel with focus on the six clinically most often used world health organization step III opioids (Buprenorphine, Fentanyl, Hydromorphone, Methadone, Morphine, Oxycodone)$$$ 1. The use of opioids in cancer pain: The criteria for selecting analgesics for pain treatment in the elderly include, but are not limited to, overall efficacy, overall side-effect profile, onset of action, drug interactions, abuse potential, and practical issues, such as cost and availability of the drug, as well as the severity and type of pain (nociceptive, acute/chronic, etc.). At any given time, the order of choice in the decision-making process can change. This consensus is based on evidence-based literature (extended data are not included and chronic, extended-release opioids are not covered). There are various driving factors relating to prescribing medication, including availability of the compound and cost, which may, at times, be the main driving factor. The transdermal formulation of buprenorphine is available in most European countries, particularly those with high opioid usage, with the exception of France; however, the availability of the sublingual formulation of buprenorphine in Europe is limited, as it is marketed in only a few countries, including Germany and Belgium. The opioid patch is experimental at present in U.S.A. and the sublingual formulation has dispensing restrictions, therefore, its use is limited. It is evident that the population pyramid is upturned. Globally, there is going to be an older population that needs to be cared for in the future. This older population has expectations in life, in that a retiree is no longer an individual who decreases their lifestyle activities. The "baby-boomers" in their 60s and 70s are "baby zoomers" they want to have a functional active lifestyle. They are willing to make trade-offs regarding treatment choices and understand that they may experience pain, providing that can have increased quality of life and functionality. Therefore, comorbidities-including cancer and noncancer pain, osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and postherpetic neuralgia-and patient functional status need to be taken carefully into account when addressing pain in the elderly. World Health Organization step III opioids are the mainstay of pain treatment for cancer patients and morphine has been the most commonly used for decades. In general, high level evidence data (Ib or IIb) exist, although many studies have included only few patients. Based on these studies, all opioids are considered effective in cancer pain management (although parts of cancer pain are not or only partially opioid sensitive), but no well-designed specific studies in the elderly cancer patient are available. Of the 2 opioids that are available in transdermal formulation-fentanyl and buprenorphine-fentanyl is the most investigated, but based on the published data both seem to be effective, with low toxicity and good tolerability profiles, especially at low doses. 2. The use of opioids in noncancer-related pain: Evidence is growing that opioids are efficacious in noncancer pain (treatment data mostly level Ib or IIb), but need individual dose titration and consideration of the respective tolerability profiles. Again no specific studies in the elderly have been performed, but it can be concluded that opioids have shown efficacy in noncancer pain, which is often due to diseases typical for an elderly population. When it is not clear which drugs and which regimes are superior in terms of maintaining analgesic efficacy, the appropriate drug should be chosen based on safety and tolerability considerations. Evidence-based medicine, which has been incorporated into best clinical practice guidelines, should serve as a foundation for the decision-making processes in patient care; however, in practice, the art of medicine is realized when we individualize care to the patient. This strikes a balance between the evidence-based medicine and anecdotal experience. Factual recommendations and expert opinion both have a value when applying guidelines in clinical practice. 3. The use of opioids in neuropathic pain: The role of opioids in neuropathic pain has been under debate in the past but is nowadays more and more accepted; however, higher opioid doses are often needed for neuropathic pain than for nociceptive pain. Most of the treatment data are level II or III, and suggest that incorporation of opioids earlier on might be beneficial. Buprenorphine shows a distinct benefit in improving neuropathic pain symptoms, which is considered a result of its specific pharmacological profile. 4. The use of opioids in elderly patients with impaired hepatic and renal function: Functional impairment of excretory organs is common in the elderly, especially with respect to renal function. For all opioids except buprenorphine, half-life of the active drug and metabolites is increased in the elderly and in patients with renal dysfunction. It is, therefore, recommended that-except for buprenorphine-doses be reduced, a longer time interval be used between doses, and creatinine clearance be monitored. Thus, buprenorphine appears to be the top-line choice for opioid treatment in the elderly. 5. Opioids and respiratory depression: Respiratory depression is a significant threat for opioid-treated patients with underlying pulmonary condition or receiving concomitant central nervous system (CNS) drugs associated with hypoventilation. Not all opioids show equal effects on respiratory depression: buprenorphine is the only opioid demonstrating a ceiling for respiratory depression when used without other CNS depressants. The different features of opioids regarding respiratory effects should be considered when treating patients at risk for respiratory problems, therefore careful dosing must be maintained. 6. Opioids and immunosuppression: Age is related to a gradual decline in the immune system: immunosenescence, which is associated with increased morbidity and mortality from infectious diseases, autoimmune diseases, and cancer, and decreased efficacy of immunotherapy, such as vaccination. The clinical relevance of the immunosuppressant effects of opioids in the elderly is not fully understood, and pain itself may also cause immunosuppression. Providing adequate analgesia can be achieved without significant adverse events, opioids with minimal immunosuppressive characteristics should be used in the elderly. The immunosuppressive effects of most opioids are poorly described and this is one of the problems in assessing true effect of the opioid spectrum, but there is some indication that higher doses of opioids correlate with increased immunosuppressant effects. Taking into consideration all the very limited available evidence from preclinical and clinical work, buprenorphine can be recommended, while morphine and fentanyl cannot. 7. Safety and tolerability profile of opioids: The adverse event profile varies greatly between opioids. As the consequences of adverse events in the elderly can be serious, agents should be used that have a good tolerability profile (especially regarding CNS and gastrointestinal effects) and that are as safe as possible in overdose especially regarding effects on respiration. Slow dose titration helps to reduce the incidence of typical initial adverse events such as nausea and vomiting. Sustained release preparations, including transdermal formulations, increase patient compliance. © 2008 World Institute of Pain.
The psychopharmacology algorithm project at the Harvard south shore program: An update on psychotic depression$$$ This new version of the psychotic depression algorithm has been developed by the Psychopharmacology Algorithm Project at the Harvard South Shore Program. The most effective treatment modality for inpatients with severe psychotic depression is electroconvulsive therapy. The first-line psychopharmacological treatment is a combination of an antidepressant (either a tricyclic or a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor) and an antipsychotic. If one of these combinations has failed, consider switching to the other. If both combinations have failed, the next psychopharmacological option would be to augment the combination with lithium. Another option, though with limited evidence, is monotherapy with clozapine. If there is a good reason to avoid combination therapy with an antipsychotic, then a trial of monotherapy with a TCA or an SSRI can be supported. If that fails, adding an antipsychotic or ECT should be considered. © 2008 President and Fellows of Harvard College.
A comparison of thiopentone sodium, propofol and midazolam for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy is an accepted modality of treatment in major depressive disorders with suicidal risk, mania, schizophrenia and other psychiatric disorders. This prospective, double blind, randomized controlled study was aimed to evaluate and compare thiopentone sodium, propofol and midazolam for ECT. Patients & Methods: Ninety ASA grade I or II patients between 20-60 years of either sex scheduled for modified ECT,were randomly allocated into three groups of 30 each. All patients received inj. glycopyrrolate 0.2 mg iv and were preoxygenated with 100% oxygen for 3 minutes before induction. Group I, II and III received thiopentone sodium (5 mg kg -1); propofol (2 mg Kg-1) and midazolam (0.2 mg kg -1) respectively; followed by 0.5 mg kg-1 succinylcholine. After ECT all patients were ventilated with 100% oxygen till return of spontaneous respiration. The hemodynamics, induction time, duration of seizure, recovery time were noted. Results: Demographic profile were comparable in all the groups.The induction time was shortest with propofol (41.13± 6.11 sec) followed by thiopentone sodium (51.06 ± 6.82 sec) and midazolam (77.86± 6.67 sec). Induction was smooth with propofol and thiopentone sodium in comparison to midazolam. Blood pressure and pulse rate variability was least with propofol followed by midazolam. There was no compensatory increase in heart rate with propofol and midazolam as seen with thiopentone sodium. Duration of seizures was least in group III and maximum in group I. Incidence of coughing, laryngospasm, gag reflex, movement of head and limbs and tears were minimum with propofol followed by thiopentone sodium and midazolam. Incidence of post ECT nausea and vomiting, post ictal confusion and delirium were minimum with propofol. Propofol had significantly faster clinical recovery than thiopentone and midazolam with respect to time for the ability to obey vocal commands;orientation to time, place and person; ability to sit up unaided; tolerance to oral fluid and to meet criteria for discharge to home. Conclusion: It was concluded that propofol offered excellent haemodynamic stability, quick induction and early recovery during procedure and the duration of seizure was shorter with propofol and midazolam than thiopentone sodium.
Treatment of status epilepticus$$$ Status epilepticus (SE) is a neurological emergency that requires prompt diagnosis and treatment, as delay is associated with a higher likelihood of poor response to treatment and worse outcome. Lorazepam has been well established as a first-line therapy. Subsequent steps are less established, and there are many reasonable options, including intravenous fosphenytoin, valproate, midazolam, propofol, and phenobarbital. If intravenous access is not immediately available, rectal diazepam or nasal or buccal midazolam should be given; this can also be used as out-of-hospital treatment to prevent or treat SE. For refractory SE, continuous intravenous midazolam and propofol, separately or in combination, are rapidly effective, with pentobarbital remaining the gold standard for prolonged cases. If a patient does not awaken after treatment, urgent electroencephalogram (EEG) should be obtained to rule out nonconvulsive seizure activity. In refractory SE, continuous EEG monitoring is required to recognize recurrence of seizure activity, as most seizures will be nonconvulsive. Copyright © 2008 by Thieme Medical Publishers, Inc.
Geriatric depression therapy in residential homes$$$ Objective: To review geriatric depression treatment in institutionalized old patients. Methodology: Medline search since 1990 and several crossed references (articles and book chapters) obtained from psychiatry treatises. Results: Depression is the most prevalent psychiatric disorder in old people (20% in independent living homes and 40% in assisted nursing homes). Its treatment is based in: a) a correct management: It includes patient's agreement with residential home admission, family meetings and affective support provided by staff; b) biological treatments: SSRI are the first election treatment. Dual or tricyclic antidepressants may be the second election. Other therapeutic alternatives are lithium carbonate and electroconvulsive therapy; and c) psychotherapy is also useful. The different techniques show a higher effectiveness than placebo, although no statistical differences among them have been found. Conclusions: Depression treatment in institutionalized old patient is based in three pillars: A correct management, biological treatments and psychotherapy. Copyright © 2008 Aran Ediciones, s.l.
Complications in major depressive disorder therapy: A review of magnetic resonance spectroscopy studies$$$ Advanced magnetic resonance imaging techniques, such as proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (H-MRS), have helped to further understanding of the pathophysi-ology of major depressive disorder (MDD) and to shed light on mechanisms underlying the therapeutic response. Potential complications of MDD therapy constitute an important area of research. Interruption of the absorption of serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) is associated with discontinuation syndrome, while electrocon-vulsive therapy (ECT) can lead to transient and persistent anterograde amnesia. This paper reviews studies, since 1994, that have used H-MRS to evaluate adverse effects and complications of MDD treatment, either with ECT or SSRIs. Three articles have been published on adverse effects and complications of MDD treatment and H-MRS. Two focused on the ECT-induced memory deterioration and showed no sign of hippocampal atrophy in MDD patients with a residual memory deterioration after ECT, but a significant mean increase of the signal from Cho-containing compounds bilaterally, possibly due to an alteration of membrane turnover in the hip-pocampal region. The third paper showed that placebo-day Cho/Cr metabolite ratios were decreased in subjects with discontinuation syndrome, a finding that possibly reflects the dynamics of rostral anterior cingulate function. In spite of the limits deriving from the small number of papers published, our review demonstrated that H-MRS could be a useful instrument not only in evaluating therapy efficacy, but also for offering new insights into mechanisms underlying MDD treatments.
Transcranial direct current stimulation of the prefrontal cortex modulates the desire for specific foods$$$ We aimed to assess whether modulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLFPC) with noninvasive brain stimulation, namely transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS), modifies food craving in healthy subjects. We performed a randomized sham-controlled cross-over study in which 23 subjects received sham and active tDCS (anode left/cathode right and anode right/cathode left) of the DLPFC. Subjects were exposed to food and also watched a movie of food associated with strong craving. Desire for food consumption was evaluated by visual analogue scales (VAS) and food consumption before and after treatment. In addition we measured visual attention to food using an eye tracking system. Craving for viewed foods as indexed by VAS was reduced by anode right/cathode left tDCS. After sham stimulation, exposure to real food or food-related movie increased craving; whereas after anode left/cathode right tDCS, the food-related stimuli did not increase craving levels, as revealed by the VAS scale. Moreover, compared with sham stimulation, subjects fixated food-related pictures less frequently after anode right/cathode left tDCS and consumed less food after both active stimulation conditions. These changes were not related to mood changes after any type of tDCS treatment. The effects of tDCS on food craving might be related to a modulation of neural circuits associated with reward and decision-making. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Consensus statement: The evaluation and treatment of people with epilepsy and affective disorders$$$ Affective disorders in people with epilepsy (PWE) have become increasingly recognized as a primary factor in the morbidity and mortality of epilepsy. To improve the recognition and treatment of affective disorders in PWE, an expert panel comprising members from the Epilepsy Foundation's Mood Disorders Initiative have composed a Consensus Statement. This document focuses on depressive disorders in particular and reviews the appearance and treatment of the disorder in children, adolescents, and adults. Idiosyncratic aspects of the appearance of depression in this population, along with physiological and cognitive issues and barriers to treatment, are reviewed. Finally, a suggested approach to the diagnosis of affective disorders in PWE is presented in detail. This includes the use of psychometric tools for diagnosis and a stepwise algorithmic approach to treatment. Recommendations are based on the general depression literature as well as epilepsy-specific studies. It is hoped that this document will improve the overall detection and subsequent treatment of affective illnesses in PWE. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Current trends in the assessment and somatic treatment of resistant/refractory major depression: An overview$$$ A significant proportion of depressed patients eventually present with treatment-resistant/refractory major depression (TRD), a debilitating condition that imposes significant health, social, and economic burdens. Recently, a growing level of consensus has been reached on the general meaning of TRD, according to which, depression is considered resistant when at least two trials with antidepressants from different pharmacologic classes (adequate in terms of dose, duration, outcome, and compliance) failed to achieve clinical remission. Regarding the management of TRD, a two-step approach is suggested, involving first the evaluation of factors that may contribute to treatment nonresponse (such as comorbid medical and psychiatric conditions), and second, the use of the four classical strategies for enhancing antidepressant efficacy (namely optimization, augmentation, combination, and switching). Finally, future research on TRD should include studies addressing, among other issues, the validity of the proposed definitional criteria, the evaluation of reliable predictors of treatment outcome, and the development of novel therapeutic strategies. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd. (Informa Healthcare, Taylor & Francis AS).
Antidepressant therapy in post-stroke depression$$$ Background: About 40% of patients with stroke will develop depression at some stage after the acute event. Post-stroke depression (PSD) is associated with a poor prognosis. Depressed patients have more severe deficits in activities of daily living, a worse functional outcome, more severe cognitive deficits and increased mortality as compared to stroke patients without depression. Objective: This review will focus on available controlled trials of treatment for PSD. Methods: An unsystematic review of recent studies for the treatment of PSD. Results: Randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy of sertraline, citalopram and nortriptyline to treat post-stroke depression. Whether antidepressant medication may help to prevent post-stroke depression and decrease post-stroke mortality will require further controlled studies. © 2008 Informa UK Ltd.
Variable response to opioid treatment: Any genetic predictors within sight?$$$ The aim of this literature review is to summarize and discuss the available evidence for a relationship between polymorphisms in human genes and variability in opioid analgesia and side effects among patients treated for moderate or severe pain. The evidence supporting a role of certain alleles, genotypes or haplotypes in modulation of opioid analgesia is derived from a limited number of studies, a limited number of genes and a limited number of opioids. Although several interesting candidates have emerged as potentially relevant factors, only for one polymorphism, the prevalent 118A>G of the μ-opioid receptor, the accumulated evidence is sufficient to suggest a clinically relevant effect for an opioid used for moderate or severe pain. Still the data are valid only at the group level and cannot be used to predict treatment outcome in individual patients. Only a few of the symptoms often seen as opioid adverse effects in palliative care, such as nausea, vomiting, constipation and sedation, have been associated with genetic variants in various genes, but the results have been based on case reports, healthy volunteers or post-operative patients. So far, there is no clear evidence that genetic markers can be used to predict opioid efficacy or adverse effects in palliative care patients. This reflects the general lack of studies performed in the context of palliative care, the lack of sufficiently scaled studies and the lack of international standards for the assessment of subjective symptoms. © 2008 SAGE Publications.
Luteal phase administration of paroxetine for the treatment of premenstrual dysphoric disorder:A randomized, double-blind, placebo-Controlled trial in Canadian women$$$ Objective: To evaluate the efficacy and safety of intermittent, luteal phase-only administration of paroxetine (10 mg and 20 mg) in the treatment of premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD). Method: In this multicenter trial, female outpatients (aged 18-45 years) from 4 Canadian health centers meeting DSM-IV criteria for PMDD were asked to perform daily ratings of their premenstrual symptoms for 2 consecutive menstrual cycles. Those displaying the symptoms of irritability and/or depressed mood in the luteal phases but not in the follicular phases of their menstrual cycles were randomly assigned to intermittent, luteal phase-only treatment with paroxetine 10 mg or 20 mg or placebo for 4 additional cycles. The primary efficacy endpoint was the percent change from baseline at study endpoint on the visual analog scale irritability score. Treatment differences were tested using analysis of covariance ad hoc. Estimated treatment mean differences and their associated 95% confidence intervals were also calculated. Data were collected from May 1999 to November 2002. Results: Ninety-nine patients were included in the intention-to-treat population. When compared with placebo, patients treated with paroxetine 20 mg attained a significant reduction in irritability (difference in median percent change: -23.9, 95% CI = -51.3 to -6.2, p = .014; difference in mean absolute change: -18.6, 95% CI = -32.5 to -4.6, p = .007). A statistically significant difference was not observed when the patients treated with the lower dose of paroxetine (10 mg) were compared with placebo. Treatment was well tolerated with no unexpected side effects. Conclusion: Intermittent administration of paroxetine 20 mg significantly reduced irritability symptoms in patients with PMDD. These results are consistent with previous studies suggesting that PMDD may be treated effectively by luteal phase-only administration of a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00620581. © copyright 2008 physicians postgraduate press, Inc.
Recovery after ECT: Comparison of propofol, etomidate and thiopental$$$ Objectives: To compare post anesthetic time for patient recovery after electroconvulsive therapy, as measured by the post anesthetic Recovery Score of Aldrete and Kroulik, using three different types of hypnotic drugs (propofol, etomidate and thiopental). Method: Thirty patients were randomized to receive one of the three drugs (n = 10 in each group), during a course of electroconvulsive therapy treatment. Patients and raters were blinded to which drug was received. Main treatment characteristics were recorded (as total electric charge received seizure threshold, number of treatments, and the mean time for recovery) along the whole treatment. Results: Thiopental and propofol were associated with a significance increase in charge needed to induce a seizure (p < 0.0001) when compared to etomidate, as well as a significant decrease of time for recovery (p = 0.042). Conclusions: These findings suggest that, although there seems to be no difference in the clinical outcome across these three drugs, propofol offers the best recovery profile. However, it makes a higher mean electric charge necessary.
Glucocorticoid receptor antagonists$$$ This review covers recent progress in the discovery of selective glucocorticoid receptor (GR) antagonists. Potential therapeutic applications of selective GR antagonists are described including the pharmacological rationale and, in some cases, clinical evidence that underlies these proposed uses. Disease areas that are discussed are Cushing's syndrome, psychotic depression, diabetes, obesity, Alzheimer's disease, neuropathic pain, drug abuse, and glaucoma. Methods for evaluating GR antagonist properties (binding, functional, and in vivo assays) are briefly covered. Early research on steroidal ligands which led to the identification of the non-selective GR antagonist RU-486 (mifepristone) and the GR-selective steroid RU-43044 is reviewed as is subsequent work on related steroidal compounds. Structure activity relationships (SAR) of nonsteroidal GR antagonists from the following structural classes are presented: octahydrophenanthrenes, spirocyclic dihydropyridines, triphenylmethanes and diaryl ethers, chromenes, dibenzyl anilines, dihydroisoquinolines, pyrimidinediones, azadecalins, and aryl pyrazolo azadecalins. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Major depression: Emerging therapeutics$$$ The first effective antidepressants, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and tricyclic antidepressants, were identified 50 years ago, largely through serendipity. These medications were found to improve mood in a little more than half of depressed patients after a few weeks of chronic use. Almost all antidepressants prescribed today were developed through minor modifications of these original antidepressants and, like monoamine oxidase inhibitors and tricyclic antidepressants, act primarily through monoaminergic mechanisms. Although there have been improvements in side-effect profiles and overdose toxicity, these newer medications have not provided substantial advances in the efficacy and speed of the antidepressant effect for patients. Over the last 2 decades, our understanding of the neurobiology underlying depression has expanded exponentially. Given this expansion, we may be nearing an inflection point in antidepressant drug development, at which useful medicines will be designed through a rational understanding of the biological systems. In this review, we discuss the biological basis and preclinical and clinical evidence for a series of promising classes of antidepressants developed primarily out of a pathophysiologically informed approach. © 2008 Mount Sinai School of Medicine.
Continuation/maintenance treatment with nortriptyline versus combined nortriptyline and ect in late-life psychotic depression: A two-year randomized study$$$ Objective: The identification of effective continuation and maintenance strategies for elderly patients with psychotic depression is a critical issue that has not been fully explored. The aim of this study was to assess the tolerability and efficacy of continuation/maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in elderly patients with psychotic depression after acute ECT remission. Methods: The authors used a longitudinal, randomized, single-blind design to compare by survival analysis the 2-year outcome of two subgroups of elderly patients with psychotic unipolar depression who were ECT (plus nortriptyline) remitters. One group was treated with a continuation/maintenance nortriptyline regimen (N = 17) and the other with combined continuation/maintenance ECT plus nortriptyline (N = 16). Results: Over 2 years of treatment in elderly, psychotic, unipolar depressed ECT (plus nortriptyline) remitters, the mean survival time was significantly longer in the combined ECT plus nortriptyline subgroup than in the nortriptyline subgroup. No differences were observed between treatments with regard to tolerability. CONCLUSIONS: This study supports the judicious use of combined continuation/maintenance ECT and antidepressant treatment in elderly patients with psychotic unipolar depression who are ECT remitters. © 2008 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Change in seizure threshold during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The seizure threshold (ST) is a measure of the minimum electrical energy necessary to induce a grand mal seizure. Dose titration of the ST has been suggested to optimize stimulus dosing in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The change in ST with remission is examined in a large sample of unipolar depressed patients. Methods: In a study of continuation treatments after successful ECT, the ST was determined at the first treatment and again 1 week after remission using a conventional ST measurement protocol. Patients were treated with bilateral electrode placement at 150% above the measured ST. Results: In 80 subjects, the ST measured the same in 70%, increased in 21%, and decreased in 9% at remission. Conclusions: In a study of bilateral ECT, the ST did not rise conclusively with remission. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Outcome of electroconvulsive therapy by race in the consortium for research on electroconvulsive therapy multisite study$$$ Objective: The authors examine the differences in outcome between black and white patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as a part of the Consortium for Research on Electroconvulsive Therapy multisite study. Methods: A total of 624 patients were enrolled in an National Institute of Mental Health (NIMH)-funded, randomized, controlled ECT trial comparing the efficacy of continuation ECT versus continuation pharmacotherapy between 1997 and 2004. This analysis focuses on the 32 black and 483 white patients who participated in phase I of the study. The authors compared baseline demographic and clinical variables and acute outcomes of these 2 groups. Results: Compared with whites, far fewer blacks participated in the study. Those who did were less likely to have failed adequate medication trials and were more likely to have psychotic features. Their initial 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores were higher than those of the whites, and they showed a greater reduction in these 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores by the end of the treatment period. Although sample size limited the statistical significance of the findings, black patients also showed a higher rate of remission after an acute phase of ECT. Conclusions: This study found that black and white patients with major depressive disorder had comparable outcomes. We also found that fewer black patients received ECT than whites, a difference that has been reported in other samples. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression in adolescents: An open-label study$$$ Objective: This open-label pilot study examined repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a possible treatment of adolescent resistant depression. Method: Nine adolescents (aged 16-18 years) with severe resistant depression (determined by SCID) were recruited, and their depression, suicidality, and cognitive functions were evaluated before, during, and after a course of twenty 10-Hz, 2-second trains (intertrain intervals of 58 seconds) given over 20 min/d over 14 working days. Results: Lower levels of depression with progression in therapy were recorded by both the Beck Depression Inventory and Child Depression Rating Scale measures (F1.7,14.01 ≤ 4.52, P < 0.05; F4,32 ≤ 6.645, P < 0.01, respectively). Three patients reached the primary outcome measure of less than 30% reduction in their Child Depression Rating Scale. The effect on suicidality was not significant. Side effects were considered mild. Conclusions: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation might be a possible therapy for adolescent depression. Our preliminary findings warrant double-blind, controlled studies. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Electroconvulsive therapy and its different indications$$$ In spite of recent developments in the pharmacotherapy of depressive disorders, the delay until clinical improvement can be achieved, and the considerable rate of non-response and nonremission, are major problems which remain unresolved. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a nonpharmacologic biological treatment which has been proven to be a highly effective treatment option, predominantly for depression, but also for schizophrenia and other indications. Though there is a lack of controlled investigations on long-term treatments, ECT can also be used for relapse prevention during maintenance therapies. The safety and tolerability of electroconvulsive treatment have been enhanced by the use of modified stimulation techniques and by progress in modern anesthesia. Thus, today a safe treatment can also be offered to patients with higher somatic risks. ECT still represents an important option, especially in the therapy of treatment-resistant psychiatric disorders after medication treatment failures. Earlier consideration of ECT may reduce the rate of chronic and difficult-to-treat psychiatric disorders. © 2008, LLS SAS.
COX-2 inhibition in schizophrenia and major depression$$$ In schizophrenia and depression, opposite patterns of type-1 - type-2 immune response seem to be associated with differences in the activation of the enzyme indoleamine 2,3-dioxygenase (IDO) and in the tryptophan - kynurenine metabolism resulting in increased production of kynurenic acid in schizophrenia and decreased production of kynurenic acid in depression. These differences are associated with an imbalance in the glutamatergic neurotransmission, which may contribute to an overweight of N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) agonism in depression and of NMDA antagonism in schizophrenia. The differential activation of microglia, cells and astrocytes may be an additional mechanism contributing to this imbalance. The immunological imbalance results both in schizophrenia and in depression in an increased Prostaglandin E2 (PGE2) production and probably also in an increased Cyclo-oxygenase-2 (COX-2) expression. Although there is strong evidence for the view, that the interactions of the immune system, IDO, the scrotonergic system, and the glutamatergic neurotransmission play a key role in s hizophrenia and in depression, several gaps, e.g. the roles of genetics, disease course, sex, different psychopathological states, etc. have to be bridged by intense further research. There are already hints that anti-inflammatory therapy may have beneficial effects in schizophrenia and major depression. COX-2 inhibititors have been tested in animal models of depression and in preliminary clinical trials, the latter showing favourable effects compared to placebo, both, in schizophrenia and in major depression. The effects of COX-2 inhibition in the central nervous system (CNS) as well as the different components of the inflammatory system, the kynurenine-metabolism and the glutamatergic neurotransmission, however, still need careful further validation including clinical studies with sufficient sample size. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Central nervous system abnormalities in fibromyalgia and chronic fatigue syndrome: New concepts in treatment$$$ Fibromyalgia (FM) and chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) are poorly understood disorders that share sumilar demographic and clinical characteristics. The etiology and pathophysiology of these diseases remain unclear. Because of the similarities between both disorders it was ssugagest that they share a common pathophysiological mechanism, namely, central nervous system (CNS) dysfunction. Current hypotheses center on atypical sensory processing in the CNS and dysfunction of skeletal muscle nociception and the hypothalamic pituitary-(HPA) axis. Researches suggest that the (CNS) is primarily involved in both disorders in regard to the pain, fatigue and sleep disturbances. Many patients experience difficulty with concentration and memory and many others have mood disturbance, including depression and anxiety. Although fibromyalgia is common and associated with mibstantial morbidity and disability, there are no US Food and Drug Administration (FDA)-approved treatments except pregabalin. Recent pharmacological treatment studies about fibromyalgia have focused on selective scrotonin and norepinephrine (NE) reuptake inhibitors, which enhance serotonin and NE neurotransmission in the descending pain pathways and lack many of die adverse side effects associated with tricyclic medications. CFS is a descriptive term used to define a recognisable pattern of symptoms that cannot be attributed to any alternative condition. The symptoms are currently believed to be the result of disturbed brain function. To date, no pharmacological agent has been reliably shown to be effective treatment for CFS. Management strategies are therefore primarily directed at relief of symptoms and minimising impediments to recovery. This chapter presents data demonstrating CFS, abnormal pain processing and autonomic nervous system (ANS) dysfunction in FM and CFS and concludes by reviewing the new concepts in treatments in CFS and FM. © 2008 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Discovery and development of lamotrigine for bipolar disorder: A story of serendipity, clinical observations, risk taking, and persistence$$$ This paper briefly reviews and comments on the development of lamotrigine as a treatment for bipolar disorder. The events described include astute clinical observations by epileptologists, serendipitous coupling of the drug's clinical profile to unmet need of two refractory bipolar patients by a practicing psychiatrist, risk taking on the part of an industry sponsor, and persistence on the part of a few key internal and external advocates to see development through to its conclusion, taking place against a backdrop of a disease area which, at the time of the earliest events described here, had not seen the development of any new pharmacologic treatments for decades. Fortunately for patients, since that time there has been a veritable explosion of research into treatments for bipolar disorder, both old and new, so that now patients and physicians have multiple evidence-based options for the treatment of this devastating illness. The development of lamotrigine provides one example of the importance of prescience, patience and persistence in bringing a novel idea to clinical fruition. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The efficacy of treatments for depression used in the management of tinnitus$$$ Tinnitus and depression are both common, and various studies have shown a high degree of comorbidity between the two conditions. The causality of this link is still unclear: does depression predispose to tinnitus, do tinnitus patients become depressed because of their tinnitus or do the two conditions arise because of some common pathophysiological mechanism? Partly because of this observed comorbidity, many treatment modalities that have been used in the treatment of depression have also been assessed in tinnitus patients. These include antidepressant drugs, psychological interventions, most notably cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) and brain stimulation with electrical or magnetic energy. There is a reasonable evidence base for supporting the use of CBT in tinnitus patients. Evidence supporting the use of antidepressant drugs is poor and the technique of electromagnetic brain stimulation is still in its infancy. © 2008 Taylor & Francis.
Electroncally switchable sham transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) system$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is increasingly being used to demonstrate the causal links between brain and behaviour in humans. Further, extensive clinical trials are being conducted to investigate the therapeutic role of TMS in disorders such as depression. Because TMS causes strong peripheral effects such as auditory clicks and muscle twitches, experimental artifacts such as subject bias abd placebo effect are clear concerns. Several sham TMS methods have been developed, but none of the techniques allows one to intermix real and sham TMS on a trial-by-trial basis in a double-blind manner. We have developed an attachment that allows fast, automated switching between Standard TMS and two types of control TMS (Sham and Reverse) without movement of the coil or reconfiguration of the setup. We validate the setup by performing mathematical modeling, search-coil and physiological measurements. To see if the stimulus conditions can be blinded, we conduct perceptual discrimination and sensory perception studies. We veify that the physical properties of the stimulus are appropriate and that successive stimuli do not contaminate each other. We find that the threshold for motor activation is significantly higher for Reversed than for Standard stimulation and that Sham stimulation entirely fails to activate muscle potentials. Subjects and experimenters perform poorly at discriminating between Sham and Standard TMS with a figure-of-eight coil, and between Reverse and Standard TMS with a circular coil. Our results raise the possibility of utilizing this technique for a wide range of applications. © 2008 Hoeft et al.
Glucocorticoid antagonists in neuropsychotic disorders$$$ Neuropsychiatric disorders often involve considerable psychological stress and elevated cortisol activity. Glucocorticoid receptors have relatively low affinity for cortisol and are found distributed throughout the brain, particularly in the frontal cortex and hippocampus. In recent years, glucocorticoid receptors antagonists have been actively studied in both animal models of several disorders as well as a potential treatment in specific types of neuropsychiatric patients. Data from these various studies are reviewed with an emphasis on seven clinical disorders or problems: major depression with psychotic features, bipolar disorder, schizophrenia, cognitive disorders, (e.g., Alzheimer's disease and mild cognitive impairment), cognitive side effects of electroconvulsive therapy, and weight gain with atypical antipsychotic agents. Potential benefits and limitations are discussed. © 2008 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Depressive symptoms in Parkinson's disease$$$ Depression occurs in approximately 45% of all patients with Parkinson's disease (PD), does not correlate with the stage of motor deficits, reduces quality of life independently of motor symptoms and appears to be underrated and undertreated. Anxiety and depression are the risk factors for the development of PD and may be present many years before the appearance of motor symptoms. Studies using functional imaging techniques indicate a primary relationship between depression and PD. Because of overlapping clinical symptoms, the diagnosis is mainly based on subjectively experienced anhedonia and feelings of emptiness. Serotonergic, noradrenergic and dopaminergic mechanisms play key roles in the aetiology of depression in PD. Tricyclic and newer selective antidepressants including serotonin and noradrenaline reuptake inhibitors appear to be effective in treating depression in PD. Selective reuptake inhibitors seem to be better tolerated because of their favourable side-effect profile. Experimental and clinical investigations indicate antidepressive effects for pramipexole. Placebo-controlled studies showed antidepressant effects of pramipexole in patients with different forms of depression. Various studies show that pramipexole improves depression in addition to motor symptoms in patients with PD. Because of the data available as well as clinical reasoning, pramipexole may be used as a first-line treatment in patients with PD and depression. © 2008 The Author.
Intravenous ketamine for treatment-resistant major depressive disorder$$$ Conventional pharmacologic treatments for major depressive disorder (MDD) generally take several weeks to several months to have a clinically meaningful effect. This time lag to response constitutes a major burden for patients and contributes to increased morbidity and mortality. Two published studies in patients with MDD have now provided evidence for rapid and robust antidepressant efficacy of a single intravenous (IV) infusion with a sub-anesthetic dose of ketamine hydrochloride compared with an infusion of saline. In the approximately 60% of patients who responded, ketamine's acute antidepressant effects were maintained for at least several days and up to 2 weeks. This article reviews the pathophysiologic rationale underlying this approach, the clinical evidence for the use of IV ketamine for treatment of MDD, ketamine's safety profile, and areas of uncertainty to be explored in future studies.
Comparison between intrathecal morphine at high doses vs low doses in spinal lumbo-sacral surgery for postoperative control pain$$$ Introduction: Intrathecal opioids provide a quite satisfactory postoperational analgesia, and it is estimated that they are effective in controlling acute pain within the first 24 hours after surgery. Material and methods: An experimental, comparative, randomized, and double-blinded study was carried out to compare the effectiveness of low doses against high doses of intrathecal morphine sulfate to handle post operational pain in patients who underwent lumbar-sacra surgery; in addition, pain, nausea and vomit were evaluated. Eighty seven patients were included, distributed randomly in two groups, one with 44 patients and the other with 43. One group was given intrathecal morphine sulfate (200 μg) and bupivacaine (15 μg) at 0.375%. The other group was given morphine sulfate (500 μg) and bupivacaine (15 μg) at 0.375%; both groups were also given balanced general anesthesia. Additionally, patients received ondansetron (8 mg) intravenously. Results: There was no significant difference in statistical terms as to pain and rash in both groups. There was a significant difference six hours after surgery as to postoperational nausea and vomit, being more frequent in the group that was given 500 ug of morphine. Besides, there was a higher frequency of collateral effects such as urinary retention in the group of the higher dose; the other group showed postpuncture headaches. No cases were registered of respiratory depression. Complications were easily controlled and none jeopardized any patient's life. None of the rash cases required further treatment. Conclusions: Low doses of morphine sulfate are safe and effective in postoperational analgesic in surgery of the lumbar-sacral spine, with a lower incidence of contrary effects.
A randomized, double-blind clinical trial on the efficacy of cortical direct current stimulation for the treatment of major depression$$$ Preliminary findings suggest that transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) can have antidepressant effects. We sought to test this further in a parallel-group, double-blind clinical trial with 40 patients with major depression, medication-free randomized into three groups of treatment: anodal tDCS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (active group - 'DLPFC'); anodal tDCS of the occipital cortex (active control group - 'occipital') and sham tDCS (placebo control group - 'sham'). tDCS was applied for 10 sessions during a 2-wk period. Mood was evaluated by a blinded rater using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). The treatment was well tolerated with minimal side-effects that were distributed equally across all treatment groups. We found significantly larger reductions in depression scores after DLPFC tDCS [HDRS reduction of 40.4% (±25.8%)] compared to occipital [HDRS reduction of 21.3% (±12.9%)] and sham tDCS [HDRS reduction of 10.4% (±36.6%)]. The beneficial effects of tDCS in the DLPFC group persisted for 1 month after the end of treatment. Our findings support further investigation on the effects of this novel potential therapeutic approach - tDCS - for the treatment of major depression. © 2007 Collegium Internationale Neuropsychopharmacologicum.
rTMS treatment for depression in Parkinson's disease increases BOLD responses in the left prefrontal cortex$$$ The mechanisms underlying the effects of antidepressant treatment in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) are unclear. The neural changes after successful therapy investigated by neuroimaging methods can give insights into the mechanisms of action related to a specific treatment choice. To study the mechanisms of neural modulation of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and fluoxetine, 21 PD depressed patients were randomized into only two active treatment groups for 4 wk: active rTMS over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) (5 Hz rTMS; 120% motor threshold) with placebo pill and sham rTMS with fluoxetine 20 mg/d. Event-related functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI) with emotional stimuli was performed before and after treatment - in two sessions (test and re-test) at each time-point. The two groups of treatment had a significant, similar mood improvement. After rTMS treatment, there were brain activity decreases in left fusiform gyrus, cerebellum and right DLPFC and brain activity increases in left DLPFC and anterior cingulate gyrus compared to baseline. In contrast, after fluoxetine treatment, there were brain activity increases in right premotor and right medial prefrontal cortex. There was a significant interaction effect between groups vs. time in the left medial prefrontal cortex, suggesting that the activity in this area changed differently in the two treatment groups. Our findings show that antidepressant effects of rTMS and fluoxetine in PD are associated with changes in different areas of the depression-related neural network. © 2007 Collegium Internationale Neuropsychopharmacologicum.
Progress in neurotherapeutics and neuropsychopharmacology 2008$$$ There has been continuous progress in neurotherapeutics and neuropsychopharmacology in the past year. Notable are the reports of successful preliminary disease-modifying trials in Niemann-Pick disease and Friedreich's ataxia. Progress also has been made in treatment of migraine, stroke, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, traumatic brain injury, and pain. Biomarkers are increasingly used to establish proof of pharmacology including measures of cerebrospinal fluid constituents and brain changes on magnetic resonance imaging. There is an increasing diversity of patient populations participating in clinical trials, including pediatric migraine and traumatic brain injury. © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
A randomized-controlled trial of bilateral rTMS for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Antidepressant effects have been demonstrated with both high-frequency left-sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) (HFL-TMS) and low-frequency stimulation to the right prefrontal cortex (LFR-TMS). However, doubts remain about the extent of these reported treatment effects. Design and Methods: The study was a 6 week double-blind randomized sham-controlled trial of sequential bilateral rTMS (SBrTMS) in depression. The method consisted of 3 trains of LFR-TMS of 140 s duration at 1 Hz being applied daily followed immediately by 15 trains of 5 s duration of HFL-TMS at 10 Hz. Sham stimulation was applied using identical parameters, but with the coil angled at 45 degrees from the scalp resting on the side of one wing of the coil. Results: There was asignificant difference in response between the two groups at the 2-week time-point (F(1,25) = 25.5, p < 0.001) and for the full duration of the study (F(5,44) = 3.9, p = 0.005). A significant proportion of the active study group met response (11/25) and remission criteria (9/25) by study end compared to the sham group (2 and 0/22). Interpretation: Bilateral rTMS treatment, involving the sequential application of both HFL-TMS and LFR-TMS, has substantial treatment efficacy in patients with treatment-resistant depression. The treatment response is clinically significant following 4-6 weeks of active treatment. Therefore this novel style of bilateral rTMS has the potential to become a substantive clinical intervention, although the study requires replication. © 2008 Cambridge University Press.
A randomized controlled trial with 4-month follow-up of adjunctive repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex for depression$$$ Background. Effectiveness of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depression is unclear. The authors performed a randomized controlled trial comparing real and sham adjunctive rTMS with 4-month follow-up. Method. Fifty-nine patients with major depression were randomly assigned to a 10-day course of either real (n=29) or sham (n=30) rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). Primary outcome measures were the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) and proportions of patients meeting criteria for response (50% reduction in HAMD) and remission (HAMD8) after treatment. Secondary outcomes included mood self-ratings on Beck Depression Inventory-II and visual analogue mood scales, Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) score, and both self-reported and observer-rated cognitive changes. Patients had 6-week and 4-month follow-ups. Results. Overall, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) scores were modestly reduced in both groups but with no significant group × time interaction (p=0.09) or group main effect (p=0.85); the mean difference in HAMD change scores was -0.3 (95% CI -3.4 to 2.8). At end-of-treatment time-point, 32% of the real group were responders compared with 10% of the sham group (p=0.06); 25% of the real group met the remission criterion compared with 10% of the sham group (p=0.2); the mean difference in HAMD change scores was 2.9 (95% CI -0.7 to 6.5). There were no significant differences between the two groups on any secondary outcome measures. Blinding was difficult to maintain for both patients and raters. Conclusions. Adjunctive rTMS of the left DLPFC could not be shown to be more effective than sham rTMS for treating depression. © 2007 Cambridge University Press.
Treatment of vascular depression using repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Context: The term vascular depression (VD) has been used to describe late-life depressive disorders in patients with clinical evidence of cerebrovascular disease. Preliminary data on poststroke depression suggest that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) might also be effective among patients with VD. Objective: To examine the efficacy and safety of rTMS to treat VD. Design: Prospective, randomized, sham-controlled study. Setting: University hospital. Methods: After discontinuation of antidepressant therapy, 92 patients with clinically defined VD were randomly assigned to receive active or sham rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Approximately half of the patients met criteria for magnetic resonance imaging-defined VD. In experiment 1, we administered a total cumulative dose (TCD) of 12 000 pulses (TCD-12K); in experiment 2, 18 000 pulses (TCD-18K). Sham stimulation was performed using a sham coil. Results: In experiment 1, the sham group showed a 13.6% decrease in the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD-17) scores compared with a 33.1% decrease in the TCD-12K group (P=.04). Response rates were 6.7% in the sham group and 33.3% in the active-stimulation group (P=.08); remission rates were 6.7% and 13.3%, respectively (P=.50). In experiment 2, the sham group showed a 17.5% decrease in the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores compared with a 42.4% decrease observed in the TCD-18K group (P<.001). Response rates were 6.9% in the sham group and 39.4% in the active-stimulation group (P=.003); remission rates were 3.5% and 27.3%, respectively (P=.01). Response rates to rTMS were negatively correlated with age and positively correlated with higher frontal gray matter volumes. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first controlled trial that demonstrates the efficacy of rTMS among geriatric patients with VD. Older age and smaller frontal gray matter volumes were associated with a poorer response to rTMS. ©2008 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in combination with escitalopram in patients with treatment-resistant major depression. A double-blind, randomised, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background: The role of high-frequency rTMS over the left cortex as an add-on strategy in the treatment of major depression is still uncertain even in patients resistant to pharmacotherapy. We had planned a large sham TMS controlled study in the acute phase with a placebo-controlled relapse-prevention phase with escitalopram. However, because a recent meta-analysis showed only a small effect size of rTMS over sham TMS in the acute treatment phase of depressed patients, we decided to make an interim analysis. Method: In patients with medication-resistant major depression we administered in a randomised trial 15 sessions of sham-controlled rTMS over three weeks in combination with 20 mg escitalopram daily. After the last rTMS, the patients were followed for another 9 weeks on 20 mg escitalopram daily. The antidepressant effect was measured by the HAM-D6 as primary outcome scale. Results: A total of 45 patients with complete data were randomised so that 23 patients received sham TMS and 22 patients received active, high-frequency rTMS over the left cortex. Over the 3 weeks, the active rTMS treatment was superior to sham TMS with effect sizes on the HAM-D6 above 0.70, which indicates not only a statistically but also a clinically significant effect. The patients had typically been through two failed antidepressant treatment attempts with non-tricyclics before inclusion in the study. Both the rTMS and escitalopram were well-tolerated. Conclusion: High-frequency rTMS over the left cortex is an add-on strategy of clinical significance in combination with escitalopram in patients with major depression resistant to non-tricyclic antidepressants. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Pharmacological attenuation of electroconvulsive therapy-induced cognitive deficits: Theoretical background and clinical findings$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is an effective treatment for depression and other psychiatric disorders. However, the practice of ECT is limited by memory and nonmemory cognitive adverse effects. Technical strategies such as a preference for unilateralover bilateral ECT and low-dose over high-dose stimulation reduce these cognitive adverse effects but may also be associated with lesser treatment efficacy or slower treatment response. This article therefore reviews the use of psychopharmacological agents in the attenuation of ECT-induced cognitive deficits with 2 objectives: the identification of implicated mechanisms and the identification of putative efficacy in both animal and human studies. Drugs examined include N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonists, cyclooxygenase inhibitors, calcium channel blockers, cholinesterase inhibitors, glucocorticoid receptor antagonists, thyroid hormones, opioid antagonists, NO donors, nootropic agents, and other medications. Although the clinical data at present are sparse and inconsistent, many recently opened lines of research improve our understanding of the mechanisms involved as well as suggest possible avenues for the testing of new treatments with the potential to attenuate the cognitive adverse effects of ECT. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Overgeneral memory predicts stability of short-term outcome of electroconvulsive therapy for depression$$$ PURPOSE: To investigate the predictive value of overgeneral memory (OGM) for outcome of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depression. METHODS: The Autobiographical Memory Test was used to measure OGM in 25 patients with depression before ECT. The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) was administered weekly to 1 week posttreatment. RESULTS: Overgeneral memory did not predict HRSD scores from the last ECT treatment, but did predict HRSD change scores from the last treatment to 1-week follow-up: patients high in OGM experienced a relatively greater increase in HRSD scores after the last treatment. CONCLUSIONS: Results further extend the status of OGM as a predictor of an unfavorable course of depression to a previously unstudied ECT population. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
The efficacy of acute electroconvulsive therapy in atypical depression$$$ Objective: This study examined the characteristics and outcomes of patients with major depressive disorder (MDD), with or without atypical features, who were treated with acute bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Method: Analyses were conducted with 489 patients who met DSM-IV criteria for MDD. Subjects were identified as typical or atypical on the basis of the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV obtained at baseline prior to ECT. Depression symptom severity was measured by the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D24) and the 30-item Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self-Report (IDS-SR30). Remission was defined as at least a 60% decrease from baseline in HAM-D24 score and a total score of 10 or below on the last 2 consecutive HAM-D24 ratings. The randomized controlled trial was performed from 1997 to 2004. Results: The typical (N = 453) and atypical (N = 36) groups differed in several sociodemographic and clinical variables including gender (p = .0071), age (p = .0005), treatment resistance (p = .0014), and age at first illness onset (p < .0001) and onset of current episode (p = .0008). Following an acute course of bilateral ECT, a considerable portion of both the typical (67.1%) and the atypical (80.6%) groups reached remission. The atypical group was 2.6 (95% CI = 1.1 to 6.2) times more likely to remit than the typical group after adjustment for age, psychosis, gender, clinical site, and depression severity based on the HAM-D24. Conclusion: Acute ECT is an efficacious treatment for depressed patients with typical or atypical symptom features. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00000375.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the acute treatment of major depressive disorder: Clinical response in an open-label extension trial$$$ Background: This report describes the results of an open-label extension study of active transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in medication-resistant patients with major depressive disorder who did not benefit from an initial course of therapy in a previously reported 6-week, randomized controlled study of active versus sham TMS. Method: Patients with DSM-IV-defined major depressive disorder were actively enrolled in the study from February 2004 through September 2005 and treated with left prefrontal TMS administered 5 times per week at 10 pulses per second, at 120% of motor threshold, for a total of 3000 pulses/session. The primary outcome was the baseline to endpoint change score on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Results: In those patients who received sham in the preceding randomized controlled trial (N = 85), the mean reduction in MADRS scores after 6 weeks of open-label active TMS was -17.0 (95% CI = -14.0 to -19.9). Further, at 6 weeks, 36 (42.4%) of these patients achieved response on the MADRS, and 17 patients (20.0%) remitted (MADRS score < 10). For those patients who received and did not respond to active TMS in the preceding randomized controlled trial (N = 73), the mean reduction in MADRS scores was -12.5 (95% CI = -9.7 to -15.4), and response and remission rates were 26.0% and 11.0%, respectively, after 6 weeks of additional openlabel TMS treatment. Conclusions: This open-label study provides further evidence that TMS is a safe and effective treatment of major depressive disorder. Furthermore, continued active TMS provided additional benefit to some patients who failed to respond to 4 weeks of treatment, suggesting that longer courses of treatment may confer additional therapeutic benefit. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00104611.
Opioids in the management of chronic non-cancer pain: An update of American Society of the Interventional Pain Physicians' (ASIPP) guidelines$$$ Background: Opioid abuse has continued to increase at an alarming rate since our last opioid guidelines were published in 2005. Available evidence suggests a continued wide variance in the use of opioids, as documented by different medical specialties, medical boards, advocacy groups, and the Drug Enforcement Administration. Objectives: The objectives of opioid guidelines by the American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians (ASIPP) are to provide guidance for the use of opioids for the treatment of chronic non-cancer pain, to bring consistency in opioid philosophy among the many diverse groups involved, to improve the treatment of chronic non-cancer pain, and to reduce the incidence of abuse and drug diversion. Design: A broadly based policy committee of recognized experts in the field evaluated the available literature regarding opioid use in managing chronic non-cancer pain. This resulted in the formulation of the review and update of the guidelines published in 2006, a series of potential evidence linkages representing conclusions, followed by statements regarding the relationships between clinical interventions and outcomes. Methods: The elements of the guideline preparation process included literature searches, literature synthesis, consensus evaluation, open forum presentations, formal endorsement by the Board of Directors of the American Society of Interventional Pain Physicians, and peer review. Based on the criteria of the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force, the quality of evidence was designated as Level I, II, and III, with 3 subcategories in Level II, with Level I described as strong and Level III as indeterminate. The recommendations were provided from 1A to 2C, varying from strong recommendation with high quality evidence to weak recommendation with low-quality or very low-quality evidence. Results: After an extensive review and analysis of the literature, which included systematic reviews and all of the available literature, the evidence for the effectiveness of long-term opioids in reducing pain and improving functional status for 6 months or longer is variable. The evidence for transdermal fentanyl and sustained-release morphine is Level II-2, whereas for oxycodone the level of evidence is II-3, and the evidence for hydrocodone and methadone is Level III. There is also significant evidence of misuse and abuse of opioids. The recommendation is 2A - weak recommendation, high-quality evidence: with benefits closely balanced with risks and burdens; with evidence derived from RCTs without important limitations or overwhelming evidence from observational studies, with the implication that with a weak recommendation, best action may differ depending on circumstances or patients' or societal values. Conclusion: Opioids are commonly prescribed for chronic non-cancer pain and may be effective for short-term pain relief. However, long-term effectiveness of 6 months or longer is variable with evidence ranging from moderate for transdermal fentanyl and sustained-release morphine with a Level II-2, to limited for oxycodone with a Level II-3, and indeterminate for hydrocodone and methadone with a Level III. These guidelines included the evaluation of the evidence for the use of opioids in the management of chronic non-cancer pain and the recommendations for that management. These guidelines are based on the best available evidence and do not constitute inflexible treatment recommendations. Because of the changing body of evidence, this document is not intended to be a "standard of care".
Intrathecal drug delivery$$$ Intrathecal analgesia has emerged as a key therapeutic option for pain relief for patients who have failed other treatment avenues as well as patients with adequate analgesia on high dose enteral or parenteral therapy but with unacceptable side effects. Intrethecal infusions of analgesics have been increasingly utilized since the later 1980s for the treatment of persistent pain. The purpose of this review is to provide research based clinical insight regarding the safe and appropriate use of the intrathecal infusion modality. Long-term intrathecal infusion analgesia or long-term intrathecal or long-term intrathecal analgesic therapy has significantly progressed over the past 25 years. The evidence for implantable intrathecal infusion systems is strong for short-term improvement in pain of malignancy or neuropathic pain. The evidence is moderate for long-term management of persistent pain. Reasonably strong evidence exists for the use of ong-term intrathecal analgesic therapy in alleviation of cancer pain; however, the evidence supporting long-term efficacy in persistent noncancer pain is less convincing. Future studies are needed to better define the role of long-term intrathecal analgesic therapy in persistent pain, especially with respect to which pain conditions or subpopulations of patients are most responsive to ong-term intrathecal analgesic therapy, and which agents or combination of agents are most appropriate for which pain conditions or subpopulations of patients. Novel combinations of intrathecal analgesics such as clonidine and gabapentin deserve future study. The current body of literature supports the use of intrathecal agents for the treatment of moderate or severe pain related to cancer and noncancer origins. Further clinical studies are needed to evaluate the efficacy and safety of new intrathecal drugs, the complications related to these devices, and the proper selection of patients to receive these treatments.
Effectiveness of opioids in the treatment of chronic non-cancer pain$$$ For thousands of years, opioids have been used to treat pain, and they continue to be one of the most commonly prescribed medications for pain. It is estimated that 90% of patients presenting to pain centers and receiving treatment in such facilities are on opioids. Opioids can be considered broad-spectrum analgesics that act at multiple points along the pain pathway. Unfortunately, opioids also have the potential for great harm, with multiple side effects and potential complications, some of which are lethal. They are also uniquely addictive, which can lead to misuse and diversion. We reviewed the relevant English literature and did thorough manual searches of the bibliographies of known primary and review articles. We utilized pain relief as the primary outcome measure. Other outcome measures were functional improvement, improvement of psychological status, improvement in work status, and evidence of addiction. Short-term use and improvement was defined as less than 6 months and long-term relief was defined as 6 months or longer. The 3 systematic reviews evaluating long-term effectiveness of opioids for chronic non-cancer pain provided unclear and weak evidence. The results of this review showed that many patients in the included studies were dissatisfied with adverse events or insufficient pain relief from opioids and withdrew from the studies. For patients able to continue on opioids, evidence was weak suggesting that their pain scores were lower than before therapy and that this relief could be maintained long-term (> 6 months). There was also weak evidence that long-term opioid therapy with morphine and transdermal fentanyl not only decreases pain but also improves functioning. Limited evidence was available for the most commonly used opioids, oxycodone and hydrocodone. Evidence for the ability to drive on chronic opioid therapy was moderate without major side effects or complications. It is concluded that, for long-term opioid therapy of 6 months or longer in managing chronic non-cancer pain, with improvement in function and reduction in pain, there is weak evidence for morphine and transdermal fentanyl. However, there is limited or lack of evidence for all other controlled substances, including the most commonly used drugs, oxycodone and hydrocodone.
Modulation of human motor cortex excitability by quetiapine$$$ Rationale: Quetiapine is increasingly used for the treatment of patients with psychosis and bipolar disorder. However, the neurobiological mechanisms, which may account for the favourable risk/benefit profile of this drug, are not entirely understood. Objectives: Transcranial magnetic stimulation was used to investigate the effects of acute and repeated administration of quetiapine on cortical excitability in healthy volunteers. Materials and methods: Within a double-blind, placebo-controlled, randomized cross-over design motor threshold, intracortical inhibition, intracortical facilitation and cortical silent period were studied in 15 healthy volunteers before and after a single dose of placebo and 100 mg quetiapine. Additional measurements were performed after 5 days of daily intake of 100 mg quetiapine. Results: We observed a significant prolongation of the cortical silent period after a single dose of quetiapine, whereas the placebo had no effects. After repeated administration, there was a trend towards CSP prolongation, which did not reach significance. However, plasma concentrations at this time point were relatively low, as measurements were performed 15 h after the last drug intake. Other parameters of cortical excitability remained unaffected. Conclusions: By lengthening CSP without affecting MT, ICI and ICF, quetiapine demonstrates a unique neurophysiological profile which differs distinctively from brain excitability profiles of typical antipsychotics such as haloperidol. Provided that the CSP prolongation reflects the antipsychotic potential of quetiapine, TMS may be developed as a tool to monitor neurobiological effects of quetiapine treatment in schizophrenic patients and to explore the efficacy of other antipsychotic drugs with a similar mode of action. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Schizoaffective disorder: Diagnostic issues and future recommendations$$$ Objective: Difficulties surrounding the classification of mixed psychotic and affective syndromes continue to plague psychiatric nosology. This paper addresses the controversy regarding the diagnostic validity of schizoaffective disorder (SAD), a diagnosis that is used in both DSM-IV and ICD-10 and one that encroaches on both schizophrenia (SCZ) and bipolar disorder (BD). Methods: A systematic synthesis of clinical and empirical literature, including evidence from cognitive, neurobiological, genetic, and epidemiological research, was undertaken with the aim of evaluating the utility of the SAD classification. Results: Distinctions between the diagnostic categories of SCZ, SAD and BD are not clearly demarcated by findings from neuropsychological, neuroimaging, molecular neurobiology, or genetic epidemiology studies. On the contrary, convergent evidence purports overlap across current diagnostic boundaries in the heritability and pathophysiology of psychotic and affective disorders. However, there are some disorder-specific findings. Conclusions: Schizoaffective disorder is a prototypic boundary condition that epitomizes the pitfalls of the current categorical classification system. Future revisions to the DSM should consider the implementation of one of two alternative models to account for individuals presenting with mixed psychotic and affective symptoms. These include the views that (i) SAD is a comorbid set of symptoms that occur as a by-product of two separate disorders (SCZ and BD) or, that (ii) SAD exists as the mid-point on a continuum between SCZ and BD, such that the incorporation of these two disorders onto one dimension may be a suitable alternative. Hence the category SAD should be omitted in future revisions of DSM, allowing the development of meaningful nomenclature that rests upon further rigorous investigation of differences and similarities between disorders. © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Long-term outcome of patients with bipolar disorder commenced on lithium prophylaxis during hospitalization: A complete 15-year register-based follow-up$$$ Objectives: From placebo-controlled studies of up to twoyears duration, it has been established that lithium has preventive efficacy in bipolar disorder (BD). However, the effectiveness of lithium under routine conditions seems less pronounced. In the present study, the overall 15.3-year outcome in BD patients commenced on lithium is described. Methods: Ninety-one patients with BD consecutively commenced on prophylactic lithium treatment during hospitalization at the Aarhus University Psychiatric Hospital from 1981 to 1983 were followed until death or censoring occurred during up to 15.3 years of observation. Register-based outcome measures, available for all patients, included accumulated duration of admission and number of admissions. In addition, serious attempts were made to collect detailed information on treatment during follow up. Simple descriptive statistics were applied; potential independent associations between baseline variables and outcome were examined using logistic regression models. Results: Of the 91 patients, 27 patients died (six from suicide) during the observation period, which was an excess mortality compared to the general population. Fifty percent of the patients were admitted for more than onemonth per 20 months of observation and admitted more than once for each fouryears of observation. Only 19 (21%) patients were not admitted to hospital during the observation period. No statistically significant predictors of poor outcome could be identified. In addition to lithium prophylaxis given for variable lengths of time, the majority of the 36 (40%) patients, from whom treatment data were available, received various other drug treatments during follow-up. Conclusions: The overall outcome in patients beginning prophylactic treatment is unsatisfactory. However, due to the observational design and the lack of detailed treatment information during the long follow-up period, inferences about the efficacy of lithium cannot be made from this study. © 2008 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Treatment-emergent mania in unipolar and bipolar depression: Focus on repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ This review focused on the treatment-emergent mania/hypomania (TEM) associated with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment of depression. English-language literature published from 1966-2006 and indexed in Medline was searched. Ten of 53 randomized controlled trials on rTMS treatment of depression specifically addressed TEM. The pooled TEM rate is 0.84% for the active treatment group and 0.73% for the sham group. The difference is not statistically significant. Along with case reports, a total of 13 cases of TEM associated with rTMS treatment of depression have been published. Most of these patients were diagnosed with bipolar disorder and the majority of patients experiencing TEM took medication concurrent with rTMS. The parameters of rTMS used in these cases were scattered over the spectrum of major parameters explored in previous studies. Most train durations and intervals were within the published safety guidelines of the field. Reducing the frequency of sessions from two per day to one per day might be associated with a lower likelihood of TEM recurrence. The severity of manic symptoms varied significantly, but all cases responded to treatment that included a decrease or discontinuation of antidepressant and/or rTMS treatment and/or use of anti-manic medication. Current data suggests that rTMS treatment carries a slight risk of TEM that is not statistically higher than that associated with sham treatment. More systematic studies are needed to better understand TEM associated with rTMS. Special precautions and measures should be adopted to prevent, monitor, and manage TEM in research and practice. © 2007 Collegium Internationale Neuropsychopharmacologicum.
Priming stimulation enhances the effectiveness of low-frequency right prefrontal cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression$$$ OBJECTIVES: Low-frequency, right-sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to the prefrontal cortex has been shown to have antidepressant effects. Recent research has suggested that preceding low-frequency rTMS with a period of low-intensity, 6-Hz stimulation ("priming") enhances the physiological effects of low-frequency stimulation. The aim of this study was to investigate whether priming stimulation would enhance therapeutic response to low-frequency rTMS in patients with depression. METHOD: The study consisted of a 2-arm, double-blind, randomized, controlled trial in 60 patients with treatment-resistant depression. Right 1-Hz rTMS was provided in one continuous, 15-minute train to all subjects. The priming stimulation (twenty 5-second, 6-Hz trains) or an equivalent, sham preceded 1-Hz stimulation. The primary outcome variable was the score on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). RESULTS: There was a significant overall reduction in MADRS scores across the 4 weeks of the study and a significantly greater reduction in MADRS scores in the active-priming group compared with the sham-priming group. CONCLUSIONS: Low-intensity, high-frequency priming stimulation appears to enhance the response to low-frequency, right-sided rTMS treatment in patients with treatment-resistant depression. © 2008 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) involves the induction of a generalized tonic-clonic seizure by means of an electric current applied to the head of the patient. The procedure is performed under general anesthesia with the use of muscle relaxants. The efficacy and safety of ECT has been controversial since the introduction of this treatment in the 1930s. Today, ECT is considered to be a safe and effective therapeutic option in treating a number of psychiatric illnesses. With recent technical advances, ECT has fewer adverse results, is safer even in the very old and is effective for a widel range of indications. Nevertheless, many physicians remain hesitant to refer their patients for ECT because of the mistaken belief that this form of treatment is primitive and barbaric. In this article we review the use of ECT in the elderly. © 2008 Future Medicine Ltd.
Thyroid hormone augmentation in treatment-refractory depression$$$ Objective : Partial response or no response to a single antidepressant trial is not uncommon in the pharmacotherapy of depressive disorders, and resistance to even aggressive treatment regimens, known as treatment-refractory depression (TRD), is an important clinical problem. The additive value of thyroid hormones in this context has been explored over many years, but their utility remains uncertain. The purpose of this paper is therefore to clarify the potential role of thyroid augmentation in treatment-refractory depression, in the light of contemporary pathophysiologic knowledge and the utility of other approaches. Methods : A literature search on thyroid augmentation studies in depression, including TRD, was conducted, using MEDLINE (National Library of Medicine), accessed via the PubMed portal. Results : The review examined the published literature from 1996 to 2005. Several randomized studies and a larger number of uncontrolled investigations which used both Triiodothyronine (T3) and Levothyroxine (T4) in the treatment of affective disorders were identified. Conclusion : The review supports the use of T4 and T3 in TRD, particularly in women suffering from depression and in bipolar depression. While, there is evidence linking thyroid function to affective disorders, the putative mechanisms underlying the action of these hormones in depression suggest promising directions for future research on thyroid treatments for TRD. Copyright © 2008, Korean College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depressive disorder: A comprehensive summary of safety experience from acute exposure, extended exposure, and during reintroduction treatment$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of major depressive disorder; however, prior studies have provided only partial safety information. We examined the acute efficacy of TMS in a randomized sham-controlled trial, under open-label conditions, and its durability of benefit. Method: Aggregate safety data were obtained from a comprehensive clinical development program examining the use of TMS in the treatment of major depressive disorder. There were 3 separate clinical protocols, including 325 patients from 23 clinical sites in the United States, Australia, and Canada. Active enrollment occurred between January 2004 and August 2005. Adverse events were assessed at each study visit by review of spontaneous reports with separate reporting of serious adverse events. Safety assessments were also completed for cognitive function and auditory threshold. Assessment of disease-specific risk included the potential for worsening of depressive symptoms. Finally, the time course and accommodation to the most commonly appearing adverse events were considered. Results: TMS was administered in over 10,000 cumulative treatment sessions in the study program. There were no deaths or seizures. Most adverse events were mild to moderate in intensity. Transient headaches and scalp discomfort were the most common adverse events. Auditory threshold and cognitive function did not change. There was a low discontinuation rate (4.5%) due to adverse events during acute treatment. Conclusions: TMS was associated with a low incidence of adverse events that were mild to moderate in intensity and demonstrated a largely predictable time course of resolution. TMS may offer clinicians a novel, well-tolerated alternative for the treatment of major depressive disorder that can be safely administered in an outpatient setting. Trial Registration: clinicaltrials.gov Identifier: NCT00104611. © Copyright 2008 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
High-frequency priming stimulation does not enhance the effect of low-frequency rTMS in the treatment of tinnitus$$$ Based on its ability to reduce the excitability of the cortex locally, low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been investigated for the treatment of hyperexcitability disorders such as auditory hallucinations and tinnitus. Results are promising, but characterized by only moderate improvement and a high inter-individual variability. Experimental data from motor cortex stimulation in healthy subjects indicates that the depressant effect of low-frequency rTMS can be enhanced by high-frequency priming stimulation. Here we will investigate whether high-frequency priming also improves the therapeutic efficacy of low-frequency rTMS in a clinical application. 32 patients with chronic tinnitus were randomly assigned to either a standard protocol of low-frequency rTMS (110% motor threshold, 1 Hz, 2000 stimuli/day) or a stimulation protocol in which priming stimulation with 6 Hz (90% motor threshold, 960 stimuli) preceded low-frequency rTMS (110% motor threshold, 1 Hz, 1040 stimuli/day). Stimulation was applied over the left auditory cortex by using MRI-guided coil positioning. The treatment outcome was assessed with a standardized tinnitus questionnaire. There was no significant difference between the standard protocol and the protocol involving priming stimulation. Both stimulation protocols resulted in significant clinical improvement after 10 days of stimulation, as compared to baseline. Our data does not support an enhancing effect of higher frequency priming on low-frequency rTMS in the treatment of tinnitus. © 2007 Springer-Verlag.
Deep brain stimulation to reward circuitry alleviates anhedonia in refractory major depression$$$ Deep brain stimulation (DBS) to different sites allows interfering with dysfunctional network function implicated in major depression. Because a prominent clinical feature of depression is anhedonia - the inability to experience pleasure from previously pleasurable activities - and because there is clear evidence of dysfunctions of the reward system in depression, DBS to the nucleus accumbens might offer a new possibility to target depressive symptomatology in otherwise treatment-resistant depression. Three patients suffering from extremely resistant forms of depression, who did not respond to pharmacotherapy, psychotherapy, and electroconvulsive therapy, were implanted with bilateral DBS electrodes in the nucleus accumbens. Stimulation parameters were modified in a double-blind manner, and clinical ratings were assessed at each modification. Additionally, brain metabolism was assessed 1 week before and 1 week after stimulation onset. Clinical ratings improved in all three patients when the stimulator was on, and worsened in all three patients when the stimulator was turned off. Effects were observable immediately, and no side effects occurred in any of the patients. Using FDG-PET, significant changes in brain metabolism as a function of the stimulation in fronto-striatal networks were observed. No unwanted effects of DBS other than those directly related to the surgical procedure (eg pain at sites of implantation) were observed. Dysfunctions of the reward system - in which the nucleus accumbens is a key structure - are implicated in the neurobiology of major depression and might be responsible for impaired reward processing, as evidenced by the symptom of anhedonia. These preliminary findings suggest that DBS to the nucleus accumbens might be a hypothesis-guided approach for refractory major depression. © 2008 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Evidence-informed management of chronic low back pain with opioid analgesics$$$ Editors' preface: The management of chronic low back pain (CLBP) has proven to be very challenging in North America, as evidenced by its mounting socioeconomic burden. Choosing among available nonsurgical therapies can be overwhelming for many stakeholders, including patients, health providers, policy makers, and third-party payers. Although all parties share a common goal and wish to use limited health-care resources to support interventions most likely to result in clinically meaningful improvements, there is often uncertainty about the most appropriate intervention for a particular patient. To help understand and evaluate the various commonly used nonsurgical approaches to CLBP, the North American Spine Society has sponsored this special focus issue of The Spine Journal, titled Evidence-Informed Management of Chronic Low Back Pain Without Surgery. Articles in this special focus issue were contributed by leading spine practitioners and researchers, who were invited to summarize the best available evidence for a particular intervention and encouraged to make this information accessible to nonexperts. Each of the articles contains five sections (description, theory, evidence of efficacy, harms, and summary) with common subheadings to facilitate comparison across the 24 different interventions profiled in this special focus issue, blending narrative and systematic review methodology as deemed appropriate by the authors. It is hoped that articles in this special focus issue will be informative and aid in decision making for the many stakeholders evaluating nonsurgical interventions for CLBP. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Vagus Nerve Stimulation for Epilepsy and Depression$$$ Many patients with epilepsy suffer from persistent seizures despite maximal antiepileptic drug (AED) therapy. Chronic, intermittent vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) has proven to be a safe, effective option for patients suffering from refractory seizures who are not candidates for surgical resection. Although only a small minority of patients will be entirely seizure-free, VNS as an adjunct to medical therapy does appear to provide a significant amount of improvement in quality of life. Reports of antidepressant effects independent of seizure control, along with the use of multiple AEDs in the treatment of depression, has led to the investigation of VNS as a potential adjunctive treatment for major depressive disorder. Both the number of severely depressed patients refractory to available pharmacologic options and the need for repeated treatments and significant side effects associated with electroconvulsive therapy have heightened the interest in VNS for this patient population. Pilot studies of VNS for depression have shown impressive response rates; however, the effect appears to be gradual in onset, as demonstrated by the lack of a favorable response in a short-term, randomized controlled study. Investigation is thus needed to establish the potential role of VNS as an adjunctive treatment for severe depression. © 2008 The American Society for Experimental NeuroTherapeutics, Inc.
Post-stroke depression$$$ Post-stroke depression (PSD) is among the most common emotional disorders afflicting stroke sufferers. Approximately one third of stroke survivors experience an early or later onset of depression. PSD impedes the rehabilitation and recovery process, jeopardizes quality of life and increases mortality. Diagnosis of PSD is challenging in the acute and chronic aftermath. Therefore, it often remains unrecognized and/or undertreated. The interaction between depression and stroke is very complex and the pathophysiological mechanisms have not as yet been fully elucidated, although an interaction between anatomical and psychosocial factors may be important in PSD development. Neurochemical changes and clinical findings are similar to endogenous depression. PSD is potentially treatable, although no conclusive benefits of antidepressant agents and nonpharmacological interventions have been observed. The efficacy of preventive strategies in PSD remains essentially undetermined. © 2008 Future Drugs Ltd.
Depression in Long-Term Care$$$ Objectives: To review the diagnosis and treatment of depressive disorders in long-term care settings. Methods: A review of the literature on the diagnosis and treatment of depression in long-term care. Results: Up to 35% of residents in long-term care facilities may experience either major depression or clinically significant depressive symptoms. These symptoms are often not recognized for at least 2 reasons: depression is not the focus of physicians and nursing personnel and depression is frequently comorbid with other problems that are common in long-term care, such as cognitive impairment, medical illness, and functional impairment. Nevertheless, depression, once diagnosed, can be treated effectively in the nursing home setting. The foundation of treatment is pharmacotherapy, yet other therapeutic approaches, such as exercise and psychological therapies may be of value. Conclusion: Depression, although often unrecognized in long-term care, is a treatable condition and deserves the attention of the entire medical and nursing staff. © 2008 American Medical Directors Association.
Preemptive analgesia with butorphanol in psychotic patients following modified electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Background: Preemptive analgesia involves introducing an analgesic prior to the onset of pain stimulation to prevent sensitizing the nervous system to subsequent stimuli that could amplify pain. Objective: To treat psychiatric patients with intravenous (i.v.) injection of butorphanol prior to modified electroconvulsive therapy, and to observe its effect on alleviating myalgia after treatment and adverse reactions. Design: A randomized controlled observation. Setting: Renmin Hospital of Wuhan University. Participants: A total of 120 psychiatric patients, who accepted modified electroconvulsive therapy, were selected from the Mental Health Center of Wuhan University from June to September in 2006. All patients corresponded to the Chinese Classification and Diagnostic Criteria of Mental Disorders, and those with diseases of heart, liver, lung and kidney, glaucoma, intracranial hypertension, hyperthyreosis, and hyperkalemia were excluded. The patients were randomly divided into a control group (n = 60) and treatment group (n = 60). In the control group, there were 42 males and 18 females, aged 17-50 years, with a mean age of (34 ± 11) years. The patients weighed 50-70 kg, with a mean body mass of (63 ± 18) kg. In the treatment group, there were 40 males and 20 females, aged 20-54 years, with a mean age of (36 ± 13) years. The patients weighed 48-72 kg, with a mean body mass of (64 ± 16) kg. Approval was obtained from the Hospital's Ethics Committee. Informed consents were obtained from the patients' relatives. A SPECTRUM5000Q multifunctional mobile electroconvulsive therapy apparatus (CORPERATION, USA) was used. Methods: 1 Treatments: In the control group, the patients were anesthetized by i.v. injection of propofol (AstraZeneca, Italy, No.CN309) containing 0.075% efedrina, and then modified electroconvulsive therapy was performed. Circulation, respiration, and firing of brain electrical activity were continuously monitored. In the treatment group, the patients were i.v. injected with 1 mg of butorphanol tartrate parenteral solution (Jiangsu Hengrui Medicine Co., Ltd., No.05100732) 5 minutes prior to anesthesia; the remaining treatments were the same as in the control group. 2 Evaluations: myalgia conditions were assessed 6 hours after the patients opened their eyes. The patients were evaluated by a visual analogue scale and Ramsay sedation scale immediately, and at 3 minutes and 6 hours after they opened their eyes. Main outcome measures: 1 Conditions of myalgia. 2 Scores of visual analogue scale and Ramsay sedation scale. Results: All 120 psychiatric patients were involved in the final analysis. 1 Conditions of myalgia: 6 hours after modified electroconvulsive therapy, 22 patients in the control group and 1 patient in the treatment group complained of myalgia, which resulted in a significant difference between the two groups (P < 0.05). 2 Scores of visual analogue scale and Ramsay sedation scale: the scores of visual analogue scale at 30 minutes and 6 hours after opening eyes were significantly lower in the treatment group than the control group (P < 0.05), and the scores of Ramsay sedation scale were not significantly different between the two groups (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Preemptive analgesia by butorphanol can effectively alleviate modified electroconvulsive therapy-induced myalgia, without adverse reactions.
Managing behavioural problems in dementia$$$ • Behavioural and psychological symptoms are common in people with dementia. These symptoms can occur in mild, moderate and severe dementia. • General medical problems can exacerbate existing confusion and induce behavioural and/or psychological symptoms in dementia. For this reason, patients should be assessed for intercurrent illness, adverse effects of prescription medications, drug and alcohol abuse and dehydration before being treated for behavioural and psychological symptoms. • A variety of nonpharmacological treatments are worth trying in patients who present with behavioural and psychological symptoms. • Antidepressant medication can be effective in patients with dementia and depression. • Low-dose antipsychotic medication is sometimes useful in patients with dementia complicated by marked agitation, aggression or psychosis.
Depression in Parkinson's disease: Health risks, etiology, and treatment options$$$ Depression is found in about 30%-40% of all patients with Parkinson's disease (PD), but only a small percentage (about 20%) receive treatment. As a consequence, many PD patients suffer with reduced health-related quality of life. To address quality of life in depressed PD patients, we reviewed the literature on the health correlates of depression in PD (eg, cognitive function), etiology of depression in PD, and treatment options (ie, antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy, and psychotherapy). The current review is unique in its focus on psychosocial aspects, as well as neuropathological factors, of depression in PD. Overall, we conclude that neurochemical (eg, serotonin) and psychosocial factors (eg, coping style, self-esteem, and social support) contribute to the affective disturbances found in this neuropsychiatric population. Therefore, we recommend that a multidisciplinary (eg, pharmacotherapeutic, psychoeducational, and/or psychotherapeutic) approach to treatment be taken with depressed PD patients. © 2008 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Significant analgesic effects of one session of postoperative left prefrontal cortex repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A replication study$$$ Background: In a recent preliminary trial in 20 patients after gastric bypass surgery, 20 minutes of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) over the left prefrontal cortex was associated with a 40% reduction in postoperative patient-controlled morphine use. As is the case with all novel scientific findings, and especially those that might have an impact on clinical practice, replicability is paramount. This study sought to test this finding for replication and to more accurately estimate the effect size of this brief intervention on postoperative morphine use and postoperative pain and mood ratings. Methods: Twenty participants who underwent gastric bypass surgery completed this replication and extension study. Beck Depression Inventory and Center for Epidemiological Studies Depression scale scores were collected befor surgery and at the time of discharge from the hospital. Immediately after surgery, participants were randomly assigned to receive 20 minutes of real or sham repetitive TMS (rTMS) (10 Hz, 10 seconds-ON, 20 seconds-OFF for a total of 4000 pulses). Patient-controlled morphine pump usage was tracked throughout each participant's postoperative hospital stay. In addition, pain and mood ratings were collected via visual analogue scales twice per day. Results: Findings from the original postoperative TMS trial were replicated, as cumulative morphine usage curves were significantly steeper among patients receiving sham TMS, and participants receiving real TMS had used 35% less morphine at the time of discharge than participants receiving sham TMS. At the time of discharge, subjects who had received real TMS had used 42.50 mg of morphine, whereas subjects receiving sham TMS had used an average of 64.88 mg. When the data from the original preliminary trial were combined with the data from this replication trial, a significant difference in cumulative morphine usage was observed between subjects receiving real and sham TMS. Overall, participants who received real TMS used 36% less morphine and had significantly lower ratings of postoperative pain-on-average, and pain-at-its-worst than participants receiving sham. In addition, participants who received real TMS rated their mood-at-its-worst as significantly better than participants receiving sham. The effect of a single 20-minute session of TMS on postoperative pain and morphine use appears to be large (Cohen's d = 0.70) and clinically meaningful. Lastly, cross-lag correlational analyses indicate that improvements in mood follow improvements in pain by approximately12 hours, supporting the notion that postoperative analgesic TMS effects are not driven by antidepressant effects. Conclusions: Although more research is needed to verify these observed effects independently, findings from the original postoperative TMS trial were replicated. TMS may have the potential to significantly improve current standards of postoperative care among gastric bypass patients, and further studies may be warranted on other surgical populations. Future investigations should use methodology that permits more definitive conclusions about causal effects of TMS on postoperative pain (for example, double-blinding, sham stimulation that is matched with real TMS with respect to scalp discomfort). © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of pulse width and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in major depression is effective, cognitive effects limit its use. Reducing the width of the electrical pulse and by using the right unilateral electrode placement may decrease adverse cognitive effects, while preserving efficacy. Methods: In a double-masked study, we randomly assigned 90 depressed patients to right unilateral ECT at 6 times seizure threshold or bilateral ECT at 2.5 times seizure threshold, using either a traditional brief pulse (1.5 milliseconds) or an ultrabrief pulse (0.3 millisecond). Depressive symptoms and cognition were assessed before, during, and immediately, 2, and 6 months after therapy. Patients who responded were monitored for a 1-year period. Results: The final remission rate for ultrabrief bilateral ECT was 35%, compared with 73% for ultrabrief unilateral ECT, 65% for standard pulse width bilateral ECT, and 59% for standard pulse width unilateral ECT (all P < .05 after covariate adjustment). The ultrabrief right unilateral group had less severe cognitive side effects than the other three groups in virtually all primary outcome measures assessed in the acute postictal period, and during and immediately after therapy. Both the ultrabrief stimulus and right unilateral electrode placement produced less short- and long-term retrograde amnesia. Patients rated their memory deficits as less severe after ultrabrief right unilateral ECT compared with each of the other three conditions (P < .001). Conclusions: The use of an ultrabrief stimulus markedly reduces adverse cognitive effects, and when coupled with markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ECT, also preserves efficacy. (ClinicalTrials.gov number, NCT00487500.). © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Focal electrical stimulation as a sham control for repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: Does it truly mimic the cutaneous sensation and pain of active prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation?$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a novel, noninvasive method of stimulating selected regions of the brain that has both research applications and potential clinical utility, particularly for depression. To conduct high-quality clinical studies of rTMS, it is necessary to have a convincing placebo (or sham) treatment. Prefrontal rTMS causes cutaneous discomfort and muscle twitching; therefore, an optimal control condition, ie, sham condition, would mimic the cutaneous sensation and muscular discomfort of rTMS without stimulating the brain. Ideally, the quality and intensity of the sham condition would feel identical to the quality and intensity of the rTMS condition, except that the sham would have no effect on cortical activity. We designed and built a focal electrical stimulation system as a sham rTMS condition. Although this electrical sham system is superior to methods used in previous studies, little is known about how the new electrical sham system compares with active rTMS in terms of the level of discomfort and type of sensation it produces. Methods: We hypothesized that the electrical sham system may not mirror the experimental condition sufficiently. We studied this hypothesis under single-blind conditions in 15 healthy adults by administering either the real or sham rTMS at high and low intensities while subjects, who were unaware of condition, rated subjective qualities of the stimulation (such as tingling, pinching, and piercing), the scalp location of the perception, and the painfulness of the stimuli. Results: At low-intensity stimulation, the two techniques (active and sham) differ with respect to the subjective quality of the sensation. The differences between real and sham rTMS were less dramatic at higher intensities. The best sham condition that most closely mimics real prefrontal rTMS requires individual titration of the intensity of electrical stimulation across a broad range. Performing this titration without unblinding patients is likely possible, but technically challenging. We propose a new approach to do this. Conclusion: We conclude that it is possible to create a truly indistinguishable sham condition (with appropriate acoustic masking as well), but more work is needed beyond these initial attempts. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
In vivo synaptic transmission in the zebra finch high vocal center and robust nucleus of the arcopallium after different stimulus patterns$$$ Background: Electrophysiological studies using brain slices have revealed that the developmental regulation of synaptic plasticity in vocal learning pathway is essential for song learning in zebra finches. Publications reporting in vivo electrophysiological investigation are scarce. Many aspects of neural mechanisms underlying song learning and production still remain uncertain. Objective: To observe the efficacy of paired pulses and the effect on synaptic transmission induced by low-frequency stimulations, high-frequency stimulations, and theta-burst stimulations. Design, time and setting: A comparative observation. The experiment was conducted from October 2006 to October 2007 in the Neurophysiology Laboratory of South-China Normal University. Materials: Twenty-four adult male zebra finches were supplied by the Department of Animal Experiment of College of Life Sciences, South China Normal University. A SEN-7203 stimulator (NIHON KOHDEN), as well as a DSJ-731WF microelectrode amplifier and DSJ-F amplifier (provided by South-China Normal University), were used to stimulate and record, respectively. Methods: Animals were randomly divided into low-frequency, high-frequency, and theta-burst frequency stimulation groups. After recording evoked potentials, an input-output curve was evaluated. Subsequently, the efficacy of paired pulses with different stimulus intensity (1/3, 1/2, 2/3, or 3/4 of the value that induced the largest synaptic response), as well as interpulse intervals (50, 75, and 100 ms), was measured in each group. The test stimulus intensity was set to a level that evoked 1/2 or 1/3 amplitude of the maximum response. Main outcome measures: Changes in amplitude, slope, and area of evoked potentials elicited by different stimulus patterns. Results: (1) Efficacy of paired pulses: there was significant paired-pulse facilitation in the high vocal center and robust nucleus of the arcopallium (HVC-RA) synapse. Efficacy decreased when paired-pulse intervals or stimulus intensities were increased. (2) Low-frequency stimulations at 1 Hz had a negligible effect on efficacy of synaptic transmission, while 5 Hz depressed synaptic transmission for only 5 minutes. (3) High-frequency stimulations at 50 Hz or 100 Hz induced synaptic depression that lasted for up to 30 minutes. (4) Theta-burst stimulation depressed synaptic transmission efficiency significantly for about 10 minutes. However, in contrast to low-frequency or high-frequency stimulations, theta-burst stimulations also induced slight potentiation of synaptic transmission for up to 60 minutes following depression phase, although the slope or area did not change. Conclusion: Paired pulses induced a remarkable efficacy of paired pulses in the high vocal center and robust nucleus of the arcopallium pathway. Low-frequency, high-frequency, or theta-burst frequency stimulation did not induce long-lasting changes in synaptic transmission.
Depression later in life - An approach for the family practitioner$$$ Depressive disorder is the most common mental health problem in older people. Health professionals mainly come into contact with those who are most susceptible to depression, including older people who live in residential facilities and the frail with acute or chronic physical illness. Quite often, such individuals also exhibit multiple pathplogy. Under these circumstances, health professionals may have an exaggerated view of the extent of depression among the elderly, causing them to overlook depressive disorders that they may have developed. Organic factors, including alcohol and iatrogenic drugs, must be ruled out in the aetiology. Physical ill health must receive optimum treatment. The choice of antidepressant drug is based on the side-effect profiles and potential drug-drug interactions, rather than on the degree of therapeutic efficacy. Treatment should be multimodal and multidisciplinary, with the aim of complete recovery and not simple improvement. By using a range of treatments, most patients will recover, though keeping patients well is more difficult. Treatment should be continued for at least 12 months. Many patients who could benefit from long-term maintenance therapy do not receive it. With optimum management the prognosis is at least as good as that for any other stage of adult life.
Pain Management After Total Joint Arthroplasty$$$ Pain management following total joint arthroplasty continues to be a growing area of interest as surgical techniques and instrumentation improve and allow for potentially more rapid recovery time. A variety of peri/post-operative pain management protocols are used by arthroplasty surgeons and anesthesiologists with little consensus. However, it is clear that uncontrolled postoperative pain may result in significant morbidity - including delayed mobilization, poor surgical outcomes, and prolonged hospitalization. In this article the systemic administration of narcotics, neuraxial anesthesia, peripheral nerve blockade, intra-articular analgesia, and non-opioid oral analgesics for use in the total joint arthroplasty population are reviewed. © 2008 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The role of duloxetine in the treatment of anxiety disorders$$$ Anxiety disorders (ADs) are the most common type of psychiatric disorders, with a mean incidence of 18.1% and a lifetime prevalence of 28.8%. Pharmacologic options studied for treating ADs may include benzodiazepines, tricyclic antidepressants (TCA), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), noradrenergic and specific serotonergic drug (NaSSA) and dual-reuptake inhibitors of serotonin and norepinephrine (SNRIs). In this context, the development of SNRIs (venlafaxine and duloxetine) has been particularly useful. As a dual-acting intervention that targets two neurotransmitter systems, these medications would appePar promising for the treatment of ADs. The purpose of this review was to elucidate current facts and views about the role of duloxetine in the treatment of ADs. In February 2007, duloxetine was approved by FDA for the treatment of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD). The results of trials evaluating the use duloxetine in the treatment of GAD are supportive on its efficacy even if further studies on long-term use are needed. Apart ftom some interesting case reports, no large studies are, to date, present in literature about duloxetine and other ADs such as panic disorder, social anxiety disorder, obsessive-compulsive disorder and post-traumatic stress disorder. Therefore, the clinical efficacy and the relative good tolerability of duloxetine may be further investigated to widen the therapeutic spectrum of ADs. © 2008 De Berardis et al, publisher and licensee Dove Medical Press Ltd.
Electroconvulsive therapy versus transcranial magnetic stimulation for major depression: A review with recommendations for future research$$$ Objective: To review the literature comparing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) for major depression. Methods: Data from the six randomised, prospective studies were agglutinated into one data set. Special attention was given to the methods of both TMS and ECT as well as data pertaining to differential outcomes in subgroups such as psychotic depressives and the elderly. Results: There is a highly significant advantage for ECT in the prospective, randomised trials. The two non-randomised, retrospective comparative trials found the treatments to be equal in one study and superior for ECT in another. However, sample sizes are small in these studies, and both TMS and ECT may have been used suboptimally. Furthermore, the possibilities of differential efficacy of ECT or TMS for psychotic depressives or as a function of age have yet to be fully explored. Conclusions: The data to date do not support the contention that TMS is equivalent in efficacy to ECT. It is recommended that a large-scale trial be undertaken using aggressive forms of both TMS and ECT with sample sizes sufficiently large to detect effects of moderating variables such as age and psychosis status. © 2008 The Author.
Sleep deprivation therapy$$$ Sleep deprivation is a useful therapeutic option in the treatment of depressive disorders, especially in pharmacoresistant disorders. Its therapeutic efficacy in other indications has not, however, been confirmed. According to current knowledge, application of sleep therapy requires concomitant therapy to prevent early relapses of depression. Total sleep deprivation is the classic variant of its clinical use. Partial sleep deprivation has a somewhat less pronounced antidepressant effect, and the duration of sleep deprivation rather than application timing determines its therapeutic effect. The most reliable predictors of sleep deprivation efficacy are marked diurnal fluctuations of depressive mood, patient locomotor activity, and limbic hyperactivity in the central nervous system. The mechanism of the antidepressant effect of sleep deprivation remains unknown.
Valproate use in children and adolescents with bipolar disorder$$$ This review aims to provide an update on valproate use in children and adolescents with bipolar disorder by summarising currently available clinical trials results. Guidelines for the treatment of type I bipolar disorder in children and adolescents, with or without psychotic features, recommend valproate, alone or in combination with an atypical antipsychotic, as a first-line treatment option; however, most randomised and open-label studies investigating valproate in paediatric populations have only evaluated a small number of participants. Therefore, the data from these studies need to be interpreted cautiously. A further complicating issue is the controversy surrounding the definition and diagnosis of bipolar disorders in this age group. Data suggest that valproate may be particularly useful for patients whose symptoms have not been responsive to lithium, or as part of combination therapy. Evidence from randomised controlled trials show that valproate monotherapy is associated with a Young Mania Rating Scale (YMRS) response rate (percentage of patients with a reduction in YMRS score from baseline to endpoint of ≥50%) of 53%, while combination therapy with valproate plus quetiapine is associated with a YMRS response rate of 87%; however, placebo response rates were high, emphasising the need for caution when interpreting data from open-label trials. At present, data supporting the efficacy and safety of mood stabilisers for the treatment of bipolar disorders in children and adolescents are limited; therefore, well designed, randomised controlled clinical studies are needed to identify and confirm the potential roles of valproate in children and adolescents with bipolar disorders, particularly in those with psychiatric co-morbidities. Furthermore, clinical studies are required to clarify the efficacy and tolerability profile of valproate in comparison with other agents used in paediatric and adolescent bipolar disorder. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Efficacy and Safety of Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in the Acute Treatment of Major Depression: A Multisite Randomized Controlled Trial$$$ Background: We tested whether transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is effective and safe in the acute treatment of major depression. Methods: In a double-blind, multisite study, 301 medication-free patients with major depression who had not benefited from prior treatment were randomized to active (n = 155) or sham TMS (n = 146) conditions. Sessions were conducted five times per week with TMS at 10 pulses/sec, 120% of motor threshold, 3000 pulses/session, for 4-6 weeks. Primary outcome was the symptom score change as assessed at week 4 with the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS). Secondary outcomes included changes on the 17- and 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) and response and remission rates with the MADRS and HAMD. Results: Active TMS was significantly superior to sham TMS on the MADRS at week 4 (with a post hoc correction for inequality in symptom severity between groups at baseline), as well as on the HAMD17 and HAMD24 scales at weeks 4 and 6. Response rates were significantly higher with active TMS on all three scales at weeks 4 and 6. Remission rates were approximately twofold higher with active TMS at week 6 and significant on the MADRS and HAMD24 scales (but not the HAMD17 scale). Active TMS was well tolerated with a low dropout rate for adverse events (4.5%) that were generally mild and limited to transient scalp discomfort or pain. Conclusions: Transcranial magnetic stimulation was effective in treating major depression with minimal side effects reported. It offers clinicians a novel alternative for the treatment of this disorder. © 2007 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Evolving applications of light therapy$$$ The psychiatric intervention, light therapy, grew from an intensive 25-year research focus on seasonal affective disorder (SAD). Dosing and timing strategies have been honed to optimize the antidepressant effect, and efficacy relative to placebo has provided the evidence base for widespread implementation. A persistent question has been whether the model system for SAD has wider utility for psychiatric disturbance, even beyond depression. The circadian phase-shifting capacity of timed light exposure is universal, and chronobiological factors are at play across the disease spectrum. Recent promising initiatives extend to light treatment for nonseasonal major depressive disorder and bipolar depression, including drug- and electroconvulsive therapy-resistant cases. With light therapy, patients with antepartum depression may find an alternative to medication during pregnancy. Cognitive improvement under light therapy has been noted in adult attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Motor function in Parkinson's disease has improved in parallel with the antidepressant effect of light therapy. The rest-activity disturbance of elderly dementia has been partially allayed under light therapy. In a new initiative, three major chronotherapeutic inventions-light therapy, sleep deprivation (wake therapy) and sleep time displacement (sleep phase advance therapy) are being combined to snap hospitalized patients out of deep depression and maintain long-term improvement. © 2007 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
The Effect of a Series of Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulations of the Motor Cortex on Central Pain After Spinal Cord Injury$$$ Defrin R, Grunhaus L, Zamir D, Zeilig G. The effect of a series of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulations of the motor cortex on central pain after spinal cord injury. Objective: To study the analgesic effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex on central pain in patients with chronic spinal cord injury (SCI). Design: Double-blind randomized controlled trial. Mean follow-up period was 4.5 weeks. Setting: General hospital. Participants: Twelve paraplegic patients due to thoracic SCI suffering chronic central pain (11 completed the study) who were randomly selected from a list of eligible patients. Intervention: Real or sham 10 daily motor rTMS treatments (500 trains at 5Hz for 10s; total of 500 pulses at intensity of 115% of motor threshold) using figure-of-8 coil over the vertex. Main Outcome Measures: Chronic pain intensity (visual analog scale [VAS], McGill Pain Questionnaire [MPQ]), pain threshold, and level of depression (Beck Depression Inventory). Results: Both real and sham TMS induced a similar, significant reduction in VAS scores (P<.001) immediately after each of the 10 treatment sessions and in VAS and MPQ scores after the end of the treatment series. However, only real rTMS conferred a significant increase in heat-pain threshold (4°C, P<.05) by the end of the series. Most important, the reduction in MPQ scores in the real rTMS group continued during the follow-up period. Depression scores were equally reduced in both groups but similar to pain relief, depression continued to improve at follow-up in the real rTMS group. Conclusions: Whereas the pain alleviation induced by a single rTMS treatment is probably due to placebo, patients with SCI may benefit from a series of rTMS treatments. © 2007 American Congress of Rehabilitation Medicine and the American Academy of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in bulimia nervosa: Preliminary results of a single-centre, randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in female outpatients$$$ Background: Bulimia nervosa (BN) is often associated with depressive symptoms and treatment with antidepressants has shown positive effects. A shared deficient serotonergic transmission was postulated for both syndromes. The left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex was argued to regulate eating behaviour and to be dysfunctional in eating disorders. Methods: Fourteen women meeting DSM-IV criteria for BN were included in a randomised placebo-controlled double-blind trial. In order to exclude patients highly responsive to placebo, all patients were first submitted to a one-week sham treatment. Randomisation was followed by 3 weeks of active treatment or sham stimulation. As the main outcome criterion we defined the change in binges and purges. Secondary outcome variables were the decrease of the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS) over time. Results: The average number of binges per day declined significantly between baseline and the end of treatment in the two groups. There was no significant difference between sham and active stimulation in terms of purge behaviour, BDI, HDRS and YBOCS over time. Conclusion: These preliminary results indicate that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of BN does not exert additional benefit over placebo. A larger number of patients might clarify a further role of rTMS in the treatment of BN. Copyright © 2008 S. Karger AG.
Patients with a major depressive episode responding to treatment with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) are resistant to the effects of rapid tryptophan depletion$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) appears to be efficacious in the treatment of major depression based on the results of controlled studies, but little is known about its antidepressant mechanism of action. Mood sensitivity following rapid tryptophan depletion (RTD) has been demonstrated in depressed patients responding to SSRI antidepressants and phototherapy, but not in responders to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We sought to study the effects of RTD in patients with major depression responding to a course of treatment with rTMS. Twelve subjects treated successfully with rTMS monotherapy underwent both RTD and sham depletion in a double-blind crossover design. Depressive symptoms were assessed using both a modified Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). The differential change in depression scores across the procedures was compared. No significant difference in mood symptoms was noted between RTD and the sham-depletion procedure on either continuous measures of depression, or in the proportions of subjects that met predefined criteria for a significant degree of mood worsening. Responders to rTMS are resistant to the mood perturbing effects of RTD. This suggests that rTMS does not depend on the central availability of serotonin to exert antidepressant effects in major depression. © 2006 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
The role of glutamate in mood disorders: Results from the ketamine in major depression study and the presumed cellular mechanism underlying its antidepressant effects$$$ In this article, we first review a study showing that the N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor antagonist ketamine leads to rapid, robust, and relatively sustained antidepressant effects in patients with treatment-resistant major depression. We then discuss our hypothesis that the therapeutic effects of monoaminergic antidepressants and ketamine may be mediated by increased AMPA-to-NMDA glutamate receptor throughput in critical neuronal circuits. We hypothesize that ketamine directly mediates this throughput, whereas monoaminergic antidepressants work indirectly and gradually; this may explain, in part, the lag of onset of several weeks to months that is observed with traditional antidepressants. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized, double-blind comparison of electroconvulsive therapy seizure quality, therapeutic efficacy, and cognitive performance$$$ BACKGROUND: Propofol is often used as an anesthetic agent for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Whether the relatively short seizure duration, resulting from the medication, deteriorates the seizure quality and therapeutic outcomes, or whether propofol might be associated with small but significant post-ECT cognitive impairments, is still a subject of controversy. The purpose of our study was to test these hypotheses in comparison with methohexital. MATERIALS AND METHODS: In a double-blind, controlled study, 50 patients with severe major depression who were to be treated with ECT were randomly assigned to anesthesia with propofol (120.9 ± 50.0 mg) or methohexital (83 ± 26.3 mg) and were observed for 2 months. The 2 drugs were compared on the basis of electroencephalography-registered seizure duration, mean blood pressure, as well as pulse frequency, seizure efficacy index, and postictal suppression. Systolic and diastolic blood pressure, and seizure duration and quality were recorded consecutively during ECT treatments. Changes in depressive symptoms and cognitive functions were measured at 5 time points, pre-ECT, after the third to fifth ECT, post-ECT treatment, and at a follow-up examination 2 and 8 weeks after the last ECT treatment. RESULTS: Patients on propofol showed a significantly lower increase in blood pressure post-ECT (P < 0.001), their seizure duration was comparable to patients on methohexital (P = 0.072), and seizure quality was significantly superior, as was measured by the Postictal Suppression Index (P = 0.020), and comparable to the methohexital group as measured by the Seizure Efficacy Index (P = 0.160). The improvement of depressive symptoms and the improvement in cognitive functions were similar in both groups (with the exception of the results from 2 cognition tests). CONCLUSIONS: Propofol, as compared with methohexital, results in a more moderate increase in blood pressure and shorter seizure duration. The seizure quality did not differ significantly between the 2 groups. We detected a tendency toward improved cognitive performance after anesthesia with propofol as compared with methohexital, but with statistical significance in only 2 cognition trials. Therefore, propofol is a safe and efficacious anesthetic for ECT treatment. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Data management and design issues in an unmasked randomized trial of electroconvulsive therapy for relapse prevention of severe depression: The consortium for research in electroconvulsive therapy trial$$$ BACKGROUND: The use of double-blind designs, normally the criterion standard of clinical trials, is impossible when comparing medication therapy to procedural therapies for depression. In the Consortium for Research in Electroconvulsive Therapy (CORE) trial, depressed patients recently remitted with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were randomly assigned to receive continuation therapy with either ECT or medications. The purpose of this article is to describe the design characteristics and challenges of the trial and of our method of dealing with the lack of double-blind outcome assessment. METHODS: The primary outcome measure was time to relapse of depression in the continuation phase. We developed a method to achieve partial blinding of depressive severity assessment. This consisted of videotaping the structured interviews, having the video tapes co-rated by personnel not involved in the patient's care, and a videotape-tracking maneuver so that the assessor of the videotapes could be blinded to phase and type of treatment. RESULTS: We enrolled 624 patients into the initial treatment phase of the trial. Of these, 201 met criteria for randomization into the second, continuation phase. Our videotape-tracking maneuver to reduce bias in outcome assessment worked well during the trial. CONCLUSIONS: The CORE study is the first multicenter, randomized controlled trial of continuation ECT in the relapse prevention of major depressive episodes. We successfully recruited a large number of severely depressed patients into a 6 month trial and used a method of reducing bias that might result from lack of blinding. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Unexpected reduction in migraine and psychogenic headaches following rTMS treatment for major depression: A report of two cases$$$ Our objective is to report a coincident reduction in headache pain in patients treated with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for major depressive disorder (MDD). Two patients with a Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition diagnosis of MDD, non-responsive to prior anti-depressant treatment who were enrolled in a sham-controlled, double-blind study of rTMS for MDD. After the study, it was revealed that both were in the active-treatment arm. Both patients suffered from near daily headaches and kept logs of headache frequency and severity before, during, and after the study. Headache pain was significantly reduced under double-blind conditions with rTMS treatment, but returned to baseline following cessation of rTMS treatment. Ultimately, when receiving rTMS post-study as a maintenance intervention for MDD (∼2 rTMS sessions/week), the positive effects on headache amelioration were sustained. Headache pain is frequently comorbid with mood disorders and has been reported as the most common side effect with rTMS. In these subjects, rTMS was, in fact, associated with relief of depressive symptoms and preexisting headache pain. This indicates that rTMS may be beneficial for both disorders in some patients.
Quality of treatment and disability compensation in depression: Comparison of 2 nationally representative samples with a 10-year interval in Finland$$$ Objective: Depressive disorders cause substantial work impairment that can lead to disability compensation. The authors compared treatment received for depression preceding disability pension between 2 nationally representative samples with a 10-year interval. Method: The medical statements for 2 random samples drawn from the Finnish national disability pension registers, representing populations granted a disability pension for DSM-III-R major depression during a 12-month period from October 1993 through September 1994 (N = 277) and for ICD-10 depressive disorders (F32-F33) from October 2003 through September 2004 (N = 265) were examined. The proportions of persons receiving weekly psychotherapy, antidepressants, adequate antidepressant dosage, sequential antidepressant trials, lithium augmentation, and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were compared. Results: No significant differences emerged between the 2 samples, except for the adequacy of antidepressant dosage. Few subjects in either of the samples (8.7% for 1993-1994 vs. 10.6% for 2003-2004, p = .45) had received weekly psychotherapy. Most had received antidepressants (87.4% vs. 85.6%, p = .55) with increasingly adequate dosage (75.6% vs. 85.0%, p = .02), but only a minority had received sequential antidepressant trials (39.5% vs. 44.5%, p = .24). Lithium augmentation and ECT were rare (1.1% vs. 1.5%, p = .66 and 4.0% vs. 1.5%, p = .08, respectively). Even in 2003-2004, over half of the subjects were granted a disability pension without sequential antidepressant trials. Conclusion: This nationally representative study indicates that, despite an increased antidepressant use and improved practice guidelines for depression, a considerable proportion of the people granted long-term compensation for depression seem to be suboptimally treated. Given the enormous costs of the disability, attention to the quality of treatment provided for depression is warranted before long-term disability compensations are granted.
Antidepressant effects of augmentative transcranial magnetic stimulation: Randomised multicentre trial$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been proposed as a new treatment option for depression. Previous studies were performed with low sample sizes in single centres and reported heterogeneous results. Aims To investigate the efficacy of rTMS as augmentative treatment in depression. Method: In a randomised, double-blind, sham-controlled multicentre trial 127 patients with moderate to severe depressive episodes were randomly assigned to real or sham stimulation for 3 weeks in addition to simultaneously initiated antidepressant medication. Results: We found no difference in the responder rates of the real and the sham treatment groups (31% in each) or in the decrease of the scores on the depression rating scales. Conclusions: The data do not support previous reports from smaller samples indicating an augmenting or accelerating antidepressant effect of rTMS. Further exploration of the possible efficacy of other stimulation protocols or within selected sub-populations of patients is necessary.
Antidepressant medication treatment failure does not predict lower remission with ECT for major depressive disorder: A report from the consortium for research in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: To test whether antidepressant medication treatment failure predicts differential remission with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in nonpsychotic unipolar depression. Method: Depressed patients diagnosed with the Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV receiving ECT were assessed for medication use with the Antidepressant Treatment History Form (ATHF) (N = 345). Response to ECT was assessed with the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. Baseline medication treatment failure was analyzed as a possible predictor of remission status. Dates of study enrollment were from May 1997 to July 2004. Results: Resistance to antidepressant medication as assessed by the ATHF, either taken as a whole or for any individual class of medication, was not predictive of acute remission status with ECT. Conclusion: Treatment failure with antidepressant medication does not predict acute remission status with ECT for nonpsychotically depressed patients.
Screening, diagnosis, and treatment of depression in patients with end-stage renal disease.$$$ Depression is common in patients with end-stage renal disease and has been linked to increased mortality. Screening for depression in the general medical population remains controversial; however, given the high prevalence of depression and its significant impact on morbidity and mortality, a strong case for depression screening in patients with end-stage renal disease can be made. Several studies have been performed to validate the more common depression screening measures in patients with chronic kidney disease. The Beck Depression Inventory, the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, the Nine-Question Patient Health Questionnaire, and the Center for Epidemiologic Studies Depression Scale are some of the measures that have been used to screen for depression in patients with end-stage renal disease. Data suggest a higher Beck Depression Inventory cutoff score, of >14 to 16, will have increased positive predictive value at diagnosing depression in patients with end-stage renal disease. There are limited data on the treatment of depression in this patient population. Pharmacotherapy, including selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, can be used if deemed clinically indicated, and no active contraindication exists. There are even fewer data to support the role of cognitive behavioral therapy, social support group interventions, and electroconvulsive therapy for treatment of depression in patients with chronic kidney disease. Larger randomized, controlled clinical trials aimed at the treatment of depression in patients with end-stage renal disease are desperately needed.
The many faces of psychosis in the elderly$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: As the population ages, the number of older patients with psychosis will greatly rise. This review focuses on the etiology, biologic and clinical findings, and treatments of common causes of psychosis in the elderly. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent studies on psychosis related to Alzheimer's disease indicate that antipsychotic drugs have equivocal efficacy in improving psychotic symptoms and may have side effects or risks that outweigh their benefits. Behavioral interventions for agitation in dementia are showing some promise. In older adults with schizophrenia, intramuscular ziprasidone was found to be effective, and evidence is emerging for the use of hormone replacement therapy. For depression with psychosis, a recent study found that the combination of an antidepressant with an antipsychotic is no more effective than an antidepressant alone. SUMMARY: There is support for the use of antipsychotic drugs for all types of psychosis in the elderly. While the atypical antipsychotics have a 'black box warning' on risk of death in elderly patients with dementia, the typical antipsychotics carry an even higher risk of death and adverse effects. Weighing the potential risks and benefits of treatment options is essential. Please refer to your country's regulations regarding the use of antipsychotic drugs. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Practice parameter for the assessment and treatment of children and adolescents with depressive disorders$$$ This practice parameter describes the epidemiology, clinical picture, differential diagnosis, course, risk factors, and pharmacological and psychotherapy treatments of children and adolescents with major depressive or dysthymic disorders. Side effects of the antidepressants, particularly the risk of suicidal ideation and behaviors are discussed. Recommendations regarding the assessment and the acute, continuation, and maintenance treatment of these disorders are based on the existent scientific evidence as well as the current clinical practice. Copyright 2007 © American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry.
A report on mood and cognitive outcomes with right unilateral ultrabrief pulsewidth (0.3 ms) ECT and retrospective comparison with standard pulsewidth right unilateral ECT$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for depression but its use is limited by the risk of cognitive side effects. This study explored the potential of a novel approach, ultrabrief pulsewidth (0.3 ms) right unilateral (RUL-UB) ECT, to minimise cognitive effects while preserving efficacy. Methods: Mood and neuropsychological functioning were objectively rated in 30 patients over a course of RUL-UB ECT at 6 times seizure threshold. Results (mood outcomes, ECT treatment parameters) were compared with a retrospectively assessed group of 30 age and gender matched patients who received RUL ECT (1.0 ms pulsewidth, 3.5 times seizure threshold) at the same hospital. Results: Six treatments of RUL-UB ECT resulted in relatively few cognitive side effects, compared to reports of previous studies. The number of responders did not differ between groups but significantly more treatments were required in the RUL-UB group, suggesting a slower speed of response. Limitations: Patients were not randomised to the two forms of ECT and data was obtained retrospectively in the RUL ECT comparison group. Conclusions: This study suggests that RUL-UB ECT can be effective in treating depression while incurring lesser cognitive side effects than a commonly used form of RUL ECT, but a greater number of treatments may be required for response. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
The many faces of psychosis in the elderly$$$ PURPOSE OF REVIEW: As the population ages, the number of older patients with psychosis will greatly rise. This review focuses on the etiology, biologic and clinical findings, and treatments of common causes of psychosis in the elderly. RECENT FINDINGS: Recent studies on psychosis related to Alzheimer's disease indicate that antipsychotic drugs have equivocal efficacy in improving psychotic symptoms and may have side effects or risks that outweigh their benefits. Behavioral interventions for agitation in dementia are showing some promise. In older adults with schizophrenia, intramuscular ziprasidone was found to be effective, and evidence is emerging for the use of hormone replacement therapy. For depression with psychosis, a recent study found that the combination of an antidepressant with an antipsychotic is no more effective than an antidepressant alone. SUMMARY: There is support for the use of antipsychotic drugs for all types of psychosis in the elderly. While the atypical antipsychotics have a 'black box warning' on risk of death in elderly patients with dementia, the typical antipsychotics carry an even higher risk of death and adverse effects. Weighing the potential risks and benefits of treatment options is essential. Please refer to your country's regulations regarding the use of antipsychotic drugs. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of obsessive compulsive disorder: A double-blind controlled investigation$$$ Background. To determine the efficacy and tolerability of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment for obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) in a double-blind placebo-controlled study. Method. Subjects with treatment-resistant OCD were randomized to rTMS (n=10) or sham rTMS (n=8) for 10 sessions of daily stimulation over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC), with subjects and raters being blind to the treatment. Subjects were offered an open extension of up to 20 sessions of rTMS. Results. The two groups did not differ on change in Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (YBOCS) or Maudsley Obsessive-Compulsive Inventory scores over 10 sessions, with or without correction for depression ratings. Over 20 sessions, there was a significant reduction in total YBOCS scores, but not after controlling for depression. rTMS over 20 sessions was well tolerated. Conclusion. Two weeks of rTMS over the left DLPFC is ineffective for treatment-resistant OCD. © 2007 Cambridge University Press.
Depression after delivery: Risk factors, diagnostic and therapeutic considerations$$$ Postpartum mood disorders can negatively affect women, their offspring, and their families when left untreated. The identification and treatment of postpartum depression remains problematic since health care providers may often not differentiate postpartum blues from depression onset. Recent studies found potentially new risk factors, etiologies, and treatments; thus, possibly improving the untreated postpartum depression rates. This integrated review examined several postpartum psychiatric disorders, postpartum blues, generalized anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder, posttraumatic stress disorder, and postpartum psychosis for current findings on prevalence, etiologies, risk factors, and postpartum depression treatments. ©2007 with author. Published by TheScientificWorld.
Right prefontal low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the treatment of depressive disorder$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a noninvasive method of brain stimulation. Majority of published studies comments potential efficacy of high frequency stimulation (>1 Hz) of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Authors review and discuss efficacy of low frequency (≤ 1 Hz) stimulation over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in the treament of depression.
Treatment of bipolar disorder: A complex treatment for a multi-faceted disorder$$$ Background: Manic-depression or bipolar disorder (BD) is a multi-faceted illness with an inevitably complex treatment. Methods: This article summarizes the current status of our knowledge and practice of its treatment. Results: It is widely accepted that lithium is moderately useful during all phases of bipolar illness and it might possess a specific effectiveness on suicidal prevention. Both first and second generation antipsychotics are widely used and the FDA has approved olanzapine, risperidone, quetiapine, ziprasidone and aripiprazole for the treatment of acute mania. These could also be useful in the treatment of bipolar depression, but only limited data exists so far to support the use of quetiapine monotherapy or the olanzapine-fluoxetine combination. Some, but not all, anticonvulsants possess a broad spectrum of effectiveness, including mixed dysphoric and rapid-cycling forms. Lamotrigine may be effective in the treatment of depression but not mania. Antidepressant use is controversial. Guidelines suggest their cautious use in combination with an antimanic agent, because they are supposed to induce switching to mania or hypomania, mixed episodes and rapid cycling. Conclusion: The first-line psychosocial intervention in BD is psychoeducation, followed by cognitive-behavioral therapy. Other treatment options include Electroconvulsive therapy and transcranial magnetic stimulation. There is a gap between the evidence base, which comes mostly from monotherapy trials, and clinical practice, where complex treatment regimens are the rule. © 2007 Fountoulakis et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Clinical challenges of bipolar depression$$$ The observation that atypical antipsychotic drugs have some role in treating bipolar disorders has revived interest in the management of bipolar disorder. Given the prevalence of and the disability associated with bipolar depression, current medication is inadequate and new research to help patients with this condition is overdue.
Managing depression in geriatric populations$$$ Background. Late life depression is an increasingly acute public health concern due to the quickly expanding population of elderly in the US. The last few years has witnessed an explosion in the research literature changing our understanding of this disease. Methods. Published studies over the past decade focusing on the epidemiology, phenomenology, comorbidity, and treatment of depression in the elderly were reviewed. Results. The prevalence and phenomenology of depression in late-life varies with age. It remains highly prevalent in the elderly population, and certain vulnerable populations of older adults are at special risk. Further, the morbidity of late-life depression on physical health, social support systems, and overall functioning is considerable, making depression a leading cause of disability in elderly adults and a risk factor for mortality and suicide as well. Findings suggest a heterogeneity in etiology and in treatment response among older adults with depression, and differences from younger adults as well. Conclusions. This paper reviews our current understanding of late life depression and the implications for treatment and prevention. In addition, we review current research questions and future considerations in this field. Copyright © American Academy of Clinical Psychiatrists.
Current aproach to cancer pain management: Availability and implications of different treatment options$$$ Despite tremendous progress in medicine during last couple of decades, cancer still remains the most horrifying diagnosis for anybody due to its almost inevitable futility. According to American Cancer Society Statistics, it is estimated that only in the United States more than half a million people will die from cancer in 2006. For those who survive, probably the most fearsome symptom regardless of cancer type will be the pain. Although most pain specialists and oncologists worldwide are well aware of the importance to adequately treat the pain, it was yet established that more than half of cancer patients have insufficient pain control, and about quarter of them actually die in pain. Therefore, in this review article we attempted to provide the comprehensive information about different options available nowadays for treating cancer pain focusing on most widely used pharmacologic agents, surgical modalities for intractable pain control, their potential for adverse effects, and ways to increase the effectiveness of treatment maximally optimizing analgesic regimen and improving compliance. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Role of serotonergic gene polymorphisms on response to transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been extensively studied as a treatment for Major Depression. However, no data are available about the role of genetic variables on the response to this treatment. We analysed the role of two polymorphisms that influence the response to antidepressants: the polymorphisms of the serotonin transporter promoter region (SERTPR) and of the 5-HT1A serotonergic receptor promoter region (-1019C/G). Ninety-nine patients from two double-blind, randomised, sham-controlled TMS trials were enrolled. There was a significant influence (p = 0.016) of the SERTPR polymorphism on treatment outcome, without differences between active and sham stimulation. Conversely, there was a significant (p = 0.014) interaction between 5-HT1A genotype and type of stimulation: C/C patients showed a higher difference between active and sham stimulation, indicating that these patients benefited more by TMS than C/G and G/G subjects. Our sample has not the power to control for the possible influence of different medications on these results. © 2007 Elsevier B.V. and ECNP.
Electroconvulsive therapy use in a 97-year-old woman$$$ Objectives: The aim of this paper is to report the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to successfully treat depression in a 97-year-old woman, and to discuss the safety and efficacy of ECT in the very old. Methods: A case report and review of the literature on the use of ECT to treat depression in the very old is presented. Results: The subject recovered fully from her depression but suffered a serious adverse event (fractured femur) during the course of ECT. Relatively few publications on the use of ECT in the very old were found. The majority of articles concerned patients aged between 65 and 85, with one study including patients up to age 96. Conclusions: There appears to be an absence of randomized clinical trial evidence to support the use of ECT as a treatment for depression in the very old. Based on the limited evidence from case reports and case series, the indications appear to be the same as for younger patients. There do not appear to be any absolute contraindications, and ECT appears to be a safe and efficacious treatment for depression in the very old. However, in the light of our subject's serious adverse event, there may be a need to consider additional safety precautions in the very old. Finally, we believe our patient is the oldest person reported to be successfully treated with suprathreshold ECT.
A functional magnetic resonance imaging study of the effects of low frequency right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression$$$ The study aimed to explore the biological effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (LFR-TMS) treatment applied to the right prefrontal cortex, comparing this with the effects of high-frequency left-sided (HFL-TMS) in patients with treatment-resistant depression. Twenty-six patients with treatment-resistant depression were randomized to receive either daily LFR-TMS or HFL-TMS treatment for 3 weeks and underwent functional magnetic resonance imaging during a planning task before and after treatment. Patients responded clinically to both forms of treatment with no difference in the degree of response (F1,24 = 0.65;P > 0.05). Low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation resulted in no overall change in task-related activation. However, responders to LFR-TMS demonstrated a bilateral decrease in activity in middle frontal gyrus. In contrast, HFL-TMS produced an increase in activation in left precuneus with responders showing increased activation in several additional regions. Response to LFR-TMS is associated with a bilateral reduction in frontal activation that does not seem to be a nonspecific effect of treatment and differs from the response to HFL-TMS. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
The role of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of bipolar disorders: The current situation$$$ BACKGROUND: There is great interest in the use of omega-3 fatty acids in the treatment of various psychiatric disorders. Epidemiological investigations show that a high consumption of omega-3 fatty acids is in inverse proportion to the prevalence of affective disorders. AIM: To provide an overview of current research reports on the use of omega-3 fatty acids and bipolar disorders. METHOD: Medline was searched with the following MeSH terms: 'mood disorders', 'affective disorders', 'bipolar disorders', 'fish oil', 'unsaturated dietary fats', 'omega-3 fatty acids', 'eicosapentaenoic acid', 'docosahexaenoic acid' and 'alpha-linolenic acid'. RESULTS: To date, articles have been published about four randomized controlled trials and one open-label study. Omega-3 fatty acids, when added to an existing psychopharmacological maintenance treatment for bipolar disorder, can have a slight beneficial effect on depressive symptoms. There is no clear evidence that this combination has a beneficial effect on manic symptoms. CONCLUSION: Current data on the efficacy of docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and eicosapentaenoic acid (EPA) in the treatment of bipolar disorder are insufficient for us to draw definite conclusions that can guide clinical practice. Further investigations are required into the effects of omega-3 fatty acids on the various phases of bipolar disorder.
A randomized controlled trial of intranasal fentanyl vs intravenous morphine for analgesia in the prehospital setting$$$ Study Objective: The objective of the study was to compare intranasal fentanyl (INF) with intravenous morphine (IVM) for prehospital analgesia. Methods: This was a randomized, controlled, open-label trial. Consecutive adult patients (n = 258) requiring analgesia (Verbal Rating Score [VRS] >2/10 noncardiac or >5/10 cardiac) were recruited. Patients received INF 180 μg ± 2 doses of 60 μg at ≥5-minute intervals or IVM 2.5 to 5 mg ± 2 doses of 2.5 to 5 mg at ≥5-minute intervals. The end point was the difference in baseline/destination VRS. Results: Groups were equivalent (P = not significant) for baseline VRS [mean (SD): INF 8.3 (1.7), IVM 8.1 (1.6)] and minutes to destination [mean (SD): INF 27.2 (15.5), IVM 30.6 (19.1)]. Patients had a mean (95% confidence interval) VRS reduction as follows: INF 4.22 (3.74-4.71), IVM 3.57 (3.10-4.03); P = .08. Higher baseline VRS (P < .001), no methoxyflurane use (P < .01), and back pain (P = .02) predicted VRS reduction. Safety and acceptability were comparable. Conclusions: There was no significant difference in the effectiveness of INF and IVM for prehospital analgesia. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Perimenopausal and late life depression$$$ This article reviews recent evidence related to perimenopausal and late life depression. Transition to menopause and its changing hormonal milieu are associated with higher risk for mood disorders in some women. Several randomized placebo-controlled trials reveal the antidepressant efficacy of the hormone replacement therapy in depressed perimenopausal women but caution is still required for its use on perimenopausal depression due to the side effects. In the elderly populations, both major and minor depressions are frequent and their natural histories in the community are poor. From the public health perspective of Japan where aging is progressing most rapidly among the world, depression prevention may be imperative, but requires accurate assessment of not only depression but also vascular, Alzheimer dementia and suicide in the elderly.
Efficacy of adjuvant high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on negative and positive symptoms of schizophrenia: Preliminary results of a double-blind sham-controlled study$$$ The potential effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on core positive and negative symptoms in schizophrenia has not yet been clearly established. The aim of this study was to examine the efficacy of adjuvant 10 Hz, suprathreshold left prefrontal rTMS in negative symptoms of schizophrenia in a double-blind sham-controlled design. Additionally, our study also investigated the suitability of applying the same stimulus condition on positive symptoms. Ten right-handed schizophrenia patients received sham or active 10 Hz suprathreshold rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with psychopathology, depression and global improvement ratings before and after rTMS sessions. Compared to sham, active rTMS significantly improved negative symptoms, irrespective of change in depressive symptoms. Copyright © 2007 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc.
Has repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) treatment for depression improved? A systematic review and meta-analysis comparing the recent vs. the earlier rTMS studies$$$ Objective: To investigate whether the recent repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) studies on depression using new parameters of stimulation have shown improved clinical results. Method: We performed a systematic review and a meta-analysis of the rTMS studies on depression published in the past 12 months comparing these results with an earlier meta-analysis that analyzed the results of the initial rTMS studies on depression. Results: Using our inclusion criteria, we selected the meta-analysis of Martin [Br J Psychiatry (2003) Vol. 182, 480-491] that included 13 studies (324 patients) and five studies for the recent meta-analysis (274 patients). The pooled effect size (standardized mean difference between pretreatment vs. post-treatment) from the random effects model was -0.76 (95% confidence interval, CI, -1.01 to -0.51). This result was significantly larger than that of the earlier meta-analysis (-0.35, 95% CI -0.66 to -0.04). Conclusion: Our findings suggest that recent rTMS clinical trials have shown larger antidepressant effects when compared with the earlier studies. © 2007 The Authors.
Elevated spectroscopic glutamate/γ-amino butyric acid in rats bred for learned helplessness$$$ The theory of depression is dominated by the monoamine hypothesis but there is increasing evidence that beyond monoamines, glutamate (Glu) and γ-aminobutyric acid (GABA) play an essential role in the pathogenesis of depression. In this study, the effect of alterations of GABA and Glu were investigated in the congenital learned helplessness paradigm. Proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy is an important monitoring tool to bridge the findings in clinical and preclinical studies. We found increased Glu/GABA ratios in the hippocampus and prefrontal cortex of placebo-treated (saline intraperitoneally) congenital learned helplessness rats versus wild-type rats, and a treatment-induced (desipramine 10 mg/kg intraperitoneally or electroconvulsive shock) decrease of this monoamine ratio in both brain regions. Our results corroborate previous findings of an amino-acid influence on the pathomechanisms of mood disorders. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Comparison of codeine phosphate and morphine sulphate in infants undergoing cleft palate repair$$$ Objective: To ascertain the quality of analgesia provided by morphine in comparison to codeine. Design: The study is a prospective, randomized, double-blind trial of analgesic effect employing validated pain scores. Patients: Infants having primary cleft palate repair with informed parental consent to enter the study. Interventions: Infants received one of two analgesics intraoperatively for immediate postoperative pain relief. Morphine was given by intravenous injection and codeine by the intramuscular route. Main Outcome Measure: Pain scores in the immediate postoperative period for 2 hours following surgery; this outcome measure was decided prior to data collection. Results: The pain score and other outcome measures were all blinded. Measurements are all evident from the nature of the results. Conclusions: There was no clinically significant difference observed in the analgesic effect of either drug on the two groups studied.
Long-term treatment of depression with antidepressants: A systematic narrative review$$$ Objective: To examine the available scientific evidence for answers to clinically relevant questions on the effectiveness and tolerability of antidepressant drugs (ADs) for the long-term treatment of depression. Method: The Cochrane Library was searched up to July 2006. When no complete Cochrane review was available, we looked in PubMed for relevant systematic reviews or individual randomized controlled trials. Results: There was no good evidence that increasing the dosage of the initial AD is an effective strategy for patients with no, or partial, response to acute-phase treatment. There was no good evidence that switching between chemical classes of antidepressant was more effective than switching within a class. There was limited support from randomized trials for several augmentation strategies. There was good evidence for the effectiveness of long-term therapy to prevent relapse in patients who remitted after acute-phase treatment. The application of principles of evidence-based medicine suggested that thoughtful, individualized application of evidence is more appropriate than general statements. Conclusions: Available evidence provides some support for the effectiveness of several augmentation strategies in the management of patients with no, or partial, response to acute-phase treatment and for the individualized application of groupwise robust evidence for maintenance treatment with ADs to prevent relapses. However, side effects of these long-term treatments with ADs are poorly studied and reported.
Prevalence and management of treatment-resistant depression$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is a major public health problem in terms of its prevalence and in terms of individual suffering and cost to society. Best estimates indicate 12-month prevalence rates of ∼3% for Stage 1 TRD (failure to respond to 1 adequate trial of an antidepressant) and ∼2% for Stage 2 TRD (failure to respond to 2 adequate trials). The current article provides a brief review of the definitions, prevalence, and various treatment options for TRD, including switching, augmentation, and combination therapies and use of nonpharmacologic treatments. Given the public health importance of TRD, the relative absence of adequately powered, double-blind trials is striking.
Epidemiology, diagnosis and management of mixed mania$$$ The presence of depressive symptomatology during acute mania has been termed mixed mania, dysphoric mania, depressive mania or mixed bipolar disorder. Highly prevalent, mixed mania occurs in at least 30% of bipolar patients. Correct diagnosis is a major challenge. The DSM diagnostic criteria, the most widely adopted clinical convention, require a complete manic and complete depressive syndrome co-occurring for at least 1 week. However, recent alternative categorical and dimensional studies of manic phenomenology have shown that there are certain depressive symptoms or constellations that have special clinical importance when describing mixed states, such as depressed mood and anxiety symptomatology that do not overlap with manic symptoms. Patients with mixed mania are over-represented in the subgroup with severe and treatment-resistant symptoms. The course and prognosis of mixed mania are worse than that of pure manic forms in the medium and long term, with higher recurrence rates, higher frequency of co-morbid substance abuse and greater risk of suicidal ideation and attempts. Moreover, mixed manic episodes are usually associated with increased depression during follow-up, greater risk of rapid cycling course and higher prevalence of physical co-morbidities, principally related to thyroid function. All these factors are very relevant to selection of treatment. There are three crucial steps in the treatment of mixed mania - making the correct diagnosis, starting treatment early, and considering not only the acute state but also maintenance treatment and the patient's long-term outcome. Although challenging, acute mixed episodes are treatable. To date there have been no controlled studies devoted exclusively to treatment of mixed mania, and the only controlled data available therefore derive from sub-analyses of randomised clinical trials. Both short-term and maintenance treatments of patients with mixed mania require experience and usually involve the combination of different treatments. As a general rule, there is some consensus about discontinuing antidepressants during mixed mania. Olanzapine, aripiprazole or valproate semisodium (divalproex sodium) are first-line drugs for mild episodes; severe episodes of mixed mania usually require treatment with a combination of valproate semisodium or lithium plus an antipsychotic, preferably an atypical agent. Carbamazepine is also useful for the treatment of mixed mania. High-dose medications are sometimes needed to control the episode, and time to remission is usually longer than in pure mania. Importantly, patients with mixed manic episodes have more adverse events of psychopharmacological treatment. In some cases, electroconvulsive therapy is required. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Depression in nursing homes: Ensuring adequate treatment$$$ Studies have shown a high prevalence of depressive disorders among nursing home residents around the world. Various losses in old age may precipitate depression, and physical illness and disability are major factors that contribute to the development and persistence of depressive disorders. Demoralisation (existential distress) is common. Recognition of what a nursing home resident has lost is often a key to developing plans for management. The prognosis for recovery from depression is worse for patients who face an ongoing distressing situation or physical condition. For ongoing loss-related distress, including sadness about loss of health, it is important for patients to ventilate feelings, and to either re-acquire what is lost or to grieve and then adapt to the new situation. For major depression with melancholia, psychotic depression and bipolar disorders, biological treatments are of prime importance. Non-melancholic major depression is best treated with a combination of antidepressants and psychosocial therapies, the latter being particularly indicated when the depression has been precipitated by stressful and depressing events or situations. Psychosocial and environmental interventions are important in all types of depression and may prove more effective than the use of antidepressants for milder disorders. There has been a welcome increase in the recognition of depression in nursing homes and in the prescription of newer antidepressants, but the published evidence to date does not allow definitive recommendations regarding which antidepressants to use in this setting. Outcome research is needed to assess antidepressant efficacy and to better plan multifaceted treatment strategies for depressions of varying types and aetiologies among nursing home residents. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Advances in the treatment of geriatric depression$$$ Late-life depression is a rather difficult and complicated issue. Although there have been significant advances in our knowledge in this area, a large number of questions still remain unanswered. The aim of this review is a critical presentation of the current evidence for treatment of depression in the elderly. We summarize the evidence for the effectiveness and safety of a range of proposed treatments, including pharmacological, psychological and alternative therapies and lifestyle changes. The treatments with best evidence of effectiveness are antidepressant pharmacotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, cognitive-behavioral therapy, psychodynamic psychotherapy, reminiscence therapy, problem-solving therapy and exercise. Implications for future research are discussed. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd.
Pharmacological therapy for therapy-resistant depression: New developments$$$ Remission, i. e. the complete absence of symptoms, is the major goal in the treatment of major depressive disorders because residual symptoms cause less functioning and a worse outcome. Despite several treatment steps, numerous patients do not reach complete remission of symptoms. In these patients, it is necessary to rule out several possible causes, including inadequate pharmacotherapy, to confirm the diagnosis of treatment-resistant depression (TRD). In the treatment of TRD, pharmacotherapy plays a central role. Nonpharmacological treatment strategies such as psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, and other brain stimulation methods are also used for TRD treatment and are discussed elsewhere in this issue. Regarding complex pharmacotherapy of TRD, only a limited number of randomized-controlled trials have been done. In consequence, treatment decisions are often based on clinical experience, case series, and uncontrolled studies. Nevertheless, there are some interesting new developments, which are summarized and assessed on the basis of existing evidence in this article. Afore, we present an overview of the most important definitions, epidemiologic data, diagnostic needs and methods for treatment optimization. We end with a critical view on the present and future development of antidepressant drugs. © 2007 Springer Medizin Verlag.
Clinical efficacy and cognitive side effects of bifrontal versus right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): A short-term randomised controlled trial in pharmaco-resistant major depression$$$ Background: In most studies right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been shown to cause fewer cognitive side effects but less antidepressant efficacy compared with bi(fronto)temporal ECT at certain intensities. Aims: To compare the short-term efficacy and side effects of right unilateral ECT and bifrontal ECT. Methods: In a double-blind randomised controlled clinical trial, 92 patients diagnosed with pharmaco-resistant major depression received either six right unilateral ECT treatments (250% stimulus intensity of titrated threshold) or six bifrontal ECT (150% of threshold) treatments over a 3-week period. Concomitant psychotropic medications were continued during ECT treatments. The severity of depression and cognitive status was assessed prior to the first ECT and one day after the sixth ECT using the 21-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the modified Mini Mental State Examination. Results: Eight patients did not complete the course of the study due to minor side effects or withdrawal of consent. The mean Hamilton Depression score decreased from 27 to 17 points in both groups of 46 patients, resulting in 12 responders (primary endpoint defined as a decrease > 50%) in each patient group (95% confidence interval for the odds ratio from 0.35 to 2.8). There was no reduction in the modified Mini Mental State score (mean score 86 of 100 points). Conclusions: Both bifrontal and right unilateral electrode placements in ECT were reasonably safe and moderately efficacious in reducing symptoms of pharmaco-resistant major depression. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Go-no-go task performance improvement after anodal transcranial DC stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in major depression$$$ Background: We recently showed that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) can affect the performance in an affective go-no-go (AGN) task. We aimed to extend this previous investigation testing whether one session of anodal transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) of the left DLPFC, as compared with anodal occipital and sham tDCS, affects this AGN task performance. Methods: Twenty-six patients with major depression were randomized to receive anodal tDCS of the left DLPFC, occipital cortex or sham tDCS (the cathode electrode was placed over the frontopolar area for the three conditions). An AGN task was performed immediately before and after treatment. Performance changes (pre and post-treatment) were compared across groups of treatment and correlated with Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) score changes. Results: The results show that anodal stimulation of the left DLPFC was the only condition that induced a significant improvement in task performance as shown by the increase in the number of correct responses. In addition, this effect was specific for figures with positive emotional content. This performance enhancement was not correlated with mood changes after 10 days of tDCS treatment. Limitations: Although the effects of tDCS are less focal than rTMS, it can induce a longer and stronger modulation of cortical excitability. Conclusions: Our findings suggest that left DLPFC activity is associated with positive emotional processing, confirming and extending results of previous studies that associated right DLPFC and orbito-frontal cortex activity with emotional processing. Furthermore the effects of tDCS on mood and cognition seem to be independent in major depression. These lines of evidence together shed light on the neural circuitry involved with emotional processing in major depression. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on chronic tinnitus: A randomised, crossover, double blind, placebo controlled study$$$ Background: Chronic tinnitus is a disabling, almost untreatable, condition, usually accompanied by psychiatric distress. In patients with complex neuropsychiatric diseases, such as chronic pain, with which tinnitus shares pathophysiological similarities, placebo effects may be pronounced. Moreover, it may be difficult to distinguish actual repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) induced clinical benefits beyond placebo effects in neuropsychiatric patients. Methods: 16 patients with chronic tinnitus underwent a randomised, double blind, crossover, placebo controlled trial of 1 Hz rTMS (120% of motor threshold; 1200 stimuli/day for 5 days) of the left temporoparietal region. Patients were screened for psychiatric comorbidity; additionally, anxiety and depression were monitored throughout the study. Moreover, an original placebo rTMS procedure produced the same activation of ipsilateral face muscles (a condition which may per se change the subjective rating of tinnitus) as the real rTMS. Results: There were 8 out of 14 responders. Two patients dropped out for transient worsening of tinnitus. Active rTMS induced an overall significant, but transient, improvement (35% of the basal score) of subjective tinnitus perception that was independent of either tinnitus laterality or mood or anxiety changes. No correlations were found between response to rTMS and tinnitus duration, initial subjective score or patient age. When asked after the study was over, 71.4% of patients failed to identify the temporal sequence of the real or sham rTMS interventions. Conclusion: The beneficial effects of rTMS on tinnitus are independent of mood changes. Moreover, they appear in the context of an original placebo stimulation designed to more closely replicate the somatic sensation of active stimulation. Because of the limited temporal duration of the clinical benefit, these neuromodulatory effects could be mediated by transient functional changes taking place in the neural circuits underlying tinnitus processing.
Novel uses for risperidone: Focus on depressive, anxiety and behavioral disorders$$$ Risperidone has been shown to be a safe and effective atypical antipsychotic agent. It was initially approved for the treatment of schizophrenia, and now, in many countries, is used to treat other conditions, including bipolar disorder, dementia and behavior problems in a range of age groups. Yet, frequent off-label use by clinicians to treat other mood and anxiety disorders and behavioral disorders is common and requires an examination of the risks and benefits in such populations. A review of the literature provides varying levels of evidence supporting its use in a range of depressive and anxiety disorders, end in special populations, including children and the elderly. Most reports are based on short-term studies and include its use both as monotherapy and as an augmenting agent to other psychotropics, and in a range of doses. Further randomized controlled trials are needed to confirm the efficacy and tolerability of risperidone, both short- and long-term, in many of these conditions. The published evidence is summarized, with recommendations and suggestions for its use. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd.
Pharmacotherapeutic strategies for pediatric bipolar disorder$$$ There has been a recent increase in recognition and diagnosis of pediatric bipolar disorder (PBD), along with an increase in prescriptions for psychotropic medications for treating children suffering from this chronic, potentially disabling disorder. Lithium remains the only FDA-approved mood stabilizer for use in children > 12 years of age and along with valproic acid and carbamazepine, forms the triad of traditional mood stabilizers used for initiation of treatment for PBD. There has been a recent surge in the use of atypical antipsychotics in PBD, which may be due to their relative ease of administration and lack of requirement for serum level monitoring. A combination of traditional mood stabilizers along with atypical antipsychotics is commonly used in clinical practice, despite a lack of compelling empirical data. Although there is an urgent need for controlled studies on the available treatment options and strategies in PBD, recent expert consensus guidelines and emerging controlled pharmacotherapy data on PBD will lay the platform for future scientific research in the area. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd.
A randomized clinical trial of oral transmucosal fentanyl citrate versus intravenous morphine sulfate for initial control of pain in children with extremity injuries$$$ BACKGROUND: Extremity injury is a common condition that requires pain management in an emergency department. In pediatric patients, the most frequently used method of pain control is intravenous (IV) morphine sulfate. Oral transmucosal fentanyl citrate (OTFC) is a potential alternative to morphine, which may obviate the need to place an IV before addressing pain. OBJECTIVE: To compare OTFC with IV morphine for sedation and analgesia during initial evaluation of children with deformity of an extremity and suspected fracture. DESIGN/METHODS: A randomized controlled trial of OTFC versus IV morphine in which 8- to 18-year-olds presenting to pediatric tertiary care emergency department with extremity deformity and suspected fracture were eligible. Only those with visual analog scale (VAS) (0 = no pain, 100 = worst pain imaginable) score equal to or greater than 50/100, and American Society of Anesthesia I or II qualified. Patients were excluded if history of loss of/altered level of consciousness, multiple traumatic injuries, or if patient had received prior medication for pain control. All patients enrolled were randomly assigned to receive either IV morphine (0.1 mg/kg) or OTFC (10-15 μg/kg). Patients rated pain intensity using VAS; scores were recorded before medicating and at 15-minute intervals after the medication was given. Adverse events such as emesis, pruritus, and respiratory depression were recorded. RESULTS: A total of 87 patients were enrolled in study (OTFC, 47; morphine, 40). There are no significant differences between the 2 groups when comparing sex, age, weight, and pretreatment VAS score (P > 0.05). Although the VAS scores were not significantly different before medicating the patient, an analysis of variance shows that there was a significant difference (P > 0.05) in VAS scores at 30 minutes. The differences persisted for every 15 minutes through the 75 minutes of monitoring. There was no statistically significant difference between the 2 groups when comparing the number of adverse events (P = 0.23). CONCLUSIONS: The use of OTFC can provide improved pain control when compared with IV morphine. The pain reduction starts 30 minutes after initiation of medication, and the effect is seen as far as 75 minutes after the initiation of analgesic medication. The study size was too small to make any statements concerning adverse effects; thus, further studies with larger sample sizes are needed to determine the use of OTFC. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Usefulness and efficacy of group cognitive-behavioral psychotherapy and mutual support group therapy for depressed caregivers of psychiatric patients$$$ The trend towards community-based mental health services and the de-institutionalization of psychiatric patients has led to a clear shift of the caring burden from health and welfare services to the families. Studies that have addressed the effect of this burden on caregivers have mostly focused on the extent of psychological distress and its link with the psychiatric patient; only a few have addressed the risk that caregivers run of developing mental disorders. It has been estimated that this risk is two to three times higher in caregivers of psychiatric patients than in the general population. In particular, there is evidence that the rate of depressive symptoms among caregivers of severe psychiatric patients ranges from 38% to 60%; these family members often go untreated. There is a great need for intervention and research in this field, in order to effectively prevent and treat depressive symptoms and reduce burden in caregivers. We developed a manualized treatment program, based on a cognitive-behavioural approach and administered in two different group conditions, namely psychotherapy and mutual support. In this paper, we examine the relative efficacy of group cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) and mutual support group therapy (MST) in reducing depressive symptoms and caring burden. Caregivers depressed or at risk of depression (N = 40) were randomly assigned to a CBT or a MST group, led respectively by 2 psychotherapists and 1 psychologist-facilitator. Before and after intervention, all participants were individually assessed with the Beck Depression Inventory and Family Problems questionnaire. Both the CBT and MST therapies produced reductions in depression score, though in the MST groups the trend was not significant. Nevertheless, analysis of the clinical significance of change in the BDI score for each subject showed an improvement in 58.3% of depressed caregivers treated with CBT and in 45.4% of those treated with MST. Differently from CBT, MST produced an improvement in two dimensions of family burden. © PI-ME, Pavia 2007.
The role of inhaled opioids and furosemide for the treatment of dyspnea$$$ Numerous case reports, uncontrolled studies, and small randomized placebo-controlled trials have investigated the role of aerosolized opioids in the treatment of both dyspnea and pain. Recently, aerosolized furosemide was studied for the treatment of dyspnea. A direct effect on either pulmonary stretch receptors or irritant receptors has been proposed to explain the apparent effectiveness of these drugs. A review of the literature found 37 studies and reports: 23 on aerosolized opioids to treat dyspnea, 7 for analgesia, and 7 on aerosolized furosemide. In general, prospective double-blind randomized placebo-controlled trials have investigated the effects of aerosolized opioids on dyspnea and exercise tolerance in patients with stable chronic cardiopulmonary disease, and found no effect. In contrast, the vast majority of studies found that aerosolized opioids relieved dyspnea better than parenteral opioids and with less systemic adverse effects in patients with terminal lung cancer and cystic fibrosis. However, most of these findings come from uncontrolled studies and case reports. Aerosolized opioids also have been found to provide effective analgesia, again with less systemic adverse effect. Small, generally uncontrolled, studies suggest that aerosolized furosemide may relieve dyspnea both in patients with terminal cancer and those with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. Routine clinical use of aerosolized opioids to treat dyspnea in terminal illness will require large randomized placebo-controlled trials. However, until these studies are done, the risk/benefit ratio favors use of aerosolized opioids and furosemide in selected patients, based on the principle of compassionate care. © 2007 Daedalus Enterprises.
Morphine, nortriptyline and their combination vs. placebo in patients with chronic lumbar root pain$$$ Although lumbar radicular pain is the most common chronic neuropathic pain syndrome, there have been few randomized studies of drug treatments. We compared the efficacy of morphine (15-90 mg), nortriptyline (25-100 mg), their combination, and a benztropine "active placebo" (0.25-1 mg) in patients with chronic sciatica. Each period consisted of 5 weeks of dose escalation, 2 weeks of maintenance at the highest tolerated doses, and 2 weeks of dose tapering. The primary outcome was the mean daily leg pain score on a 0-10 scale during the maintenance period. Secondary outcomes included a 6-point ordinal global pain relief scale, the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), the Oswestry Back Pain Disability Index (ODI) and the SF-36. In the 28 out of 61 patients who completed the study, none of the treatments produced significant reductions in average leg pain or other leg or back pain scores. Pain reduction, relative to placebo treatment was, 14% for nortriptyline (95% CI = [-2%, 30%]), 7% for morphine (95% CI = [-8%, 22%]), and 7% for the combination treatment (95% CI = [-4%, 18%]). Mean doses were: nortriptyline alone, 84 ± 24.44 (SD) mg/day; morphine alone, 62 ± 29 mg/day; and combination, morphine, 49 ± 27 mg/day plus nortriptyline, 55 mg ± 33.18 mg/day. Over half of the study completers reported some adverse effect with morphine, nortriptyline or their combination. Within the limitations of the modest sample size and high dropout rate, these results suggest that nortriptyline, morphine and their combination may have limited effectiveness in the treatment of chronic sciatica.
Single-dose, extended-release epidural morphine (DepoDur™) compared to conventional epidural morphine for post-Cesarean pain$$$ BACKGROUND: A single-dose of neuraxial morphine sulfate provides good post-Cesarean analgesia; however, its efficacy is limited to the first postoperative day. In a recent phase III study, extended-release epidural morphine (EREM) formulation provided more effective, prolonged analgesia after Cesarean delivery, compared to conventional epidural morphine. However, the study protocol did not allow for the use of nonsteroidal antiinflammatory drugs, used various postoperative analgesics, and monitoring and treatment of respiratory depression were not standardized. Our aims in this study were to compare postoperative analgesic consumption, pain scores and side effects of EREM with conventional morphine for the management of post-Cesarean pain in a setting more reflective of current obstetric practice. METHODS: Seventy healthy parturients undergoing elective Cesarean delivery were enrolled in this randomized, double-blind study. Using a combined spinal epidural technique, patients received an intrathecal injection of bupivacaine 12 mg and fentanyl 10 mcg. After closure of the fascia, a single-dose of either conventional morphine 4 mg or EREM 10 mg was administered epidurally. Postoperatively, all patients received ibuprofen 600 mg orally every 6 h. Oral oxycodone and IV morphine were available for breakthrough pain. All patients received pulse oximetry and respiratory monitoring for 48 h post-Cesarean delivery. RESULTS: Single-dose EREM significantly improved pain scores at rest and during activity. The median (interquartile range) of supplemental opioid medication usage for 48 h post-Cesarean (in milligram-morphine equivalents) decreased from 17 (22) to 10 (17) mg with EREM compared to conventional epidural morphine (P = 0.037). Both drugs were well tolerated with no significant difference in adverse event profiles. CONCLUSION: EREM provides superior and prolonged post-Cesarean analgesia compared to conventional epidural morphine with no significant increases in adverse events. © 2007 by International Anesthesia Research Society.
Oral extended-release oxymorphone: A new choice for chronic pain relief$$$ Opana® ER (oxymorphone extended release [ER]) is a new oral long-acting formulation indicated for the treatment of moderate to severe chronic pain. Because the ER matrix slowly releases oxymorphone over 12 h, consistent plasma levels are produced with low peak-to-trough fluctuations. Oxymorphone ER is the only long-acting opioid that contains oxymorphone, which exhibits some distinct pharmacologic properties compared with most other opioids, including a longer half-life, higher affinity for the μ-opioid receptor, and lack of interaction with the CYPP450 drug-metabolizing system. With a safety and tolerability profile similar to other opioids and documented efficacy in several models of chronic pain (low back, cancer, and osteoarthritis), oxymorphone ER provides a new option for clinicians and patients in the treatment of chronic pain. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd.
Depression and apathy in Parkinson's disease$$$ This article provides an update on depression and apathy in Parkinson's disease (PD), both of which are common but often misunderstood. The diagnosis of depression in PD can be challenging and we still do not have solid evidence on which to base our treatment decisions. Apathy is most commonly seen in the setting of dementia or depression but emerging evidence suggests that it may be a core feature of PD. There are conflicting reports about the effects of deep brain stimulation (DBS) on mood and apathy, but studies suggest that at least some pafients may develop depression and apathy after the procedure. Although we are making strides toward a better understanding of depression and apathy in PD, it is clear that more research is needed about these non-motor features. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
The clinical effectiveness and cost of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy in severe depression: A multicentre pragmatic randomised controlled trial and economic analysis$$$ Objective: To investigate if repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) was as effective as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in treating major depressive episodes and to perform a cost-effectiveness analysis. Design: A single-blind pragmatic multicentre randomised controlled trial (RCT) with 6 months of follow-up to test equivalence of rTMS with ECT Setting: The South London and Maudsley NHS Trust and Pembury Hospital in the Invicta Mental Health Trust in Kent. Participants: Right-handed adult patients referred for ECT for treatment of a major depressive episode (DSM-IV) were assessed. During the 2.5-year trial period, 260 patients were referred for ECT, of whom 46 entered the trial. The main reason for not entering the trial was not consenting to ECT while being formally treated under the UK Mental Health Act 1983. Interventions: Patients were randomised to receive a 15-day course of rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (n = 24) or a course of ECT (n = 22). Main outcome measures: Patients were assessed before randomisation, at end of treatment and at the 6-month follow-up. Primary outcome measures were the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) and proportion of remitters (defined as HRSD score ≤8) at the end-of-treatment time point. Secondary outcomes included self-ratings for mood on the Beck Depression inventory-II (BDI-II) and visual analogue mood scales (VAMS), the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), plus subjective and objective side-effects. Low scores on the BDI-II, VAMS and BPRS are positive in terms of health. The results were analysed on an intention-to-treat basis. Cost data were collected using the Client Service Receipt Inventory and the Short Form with 36 Items was used to obtain quality of life measures. Health economic outcomes were cost of treatments, costs incurred during the 6-month follow-up period and gains in quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs). Results: One patient was lost to follow-up at end of treatment and another eight at 6 months. The end-of-treatment HRSD scores were lower for ECT, with 13 (59%) achieving remission compared with four (17%) in the rTMS group. However, HRSD scores did not differ between groups at 6 months. BDI-II, VAMS and BPRS scores were lower for ECT at end of treatment and remained lower after 6 months. Improvement in subjective reports of side-effects following ECT correlated with antidepressant response. There was no difference between the two groups before or after treatment on global measures of cognition. Athough individual treatment session costs were lower for rTMS than ECT, the cost for a course of rTMS was not significantly different from that for a course of ECT as more rTMS sessions were given per course. Service costs were not different between the groups in the subsequent 6 months but informal care costs were significantly higher for the rTMS group and contributed substantially to the total cost for this group during the 6-month follow-up period. There also was no difference in gain in QALYs for ECT and rTMS patients. Analysis of cost-effectiveness acceptability curves demonstrated that rTMS has very low probability of being more cost-effective than ECT. Conclusions: ECT is a more effective and potentially cost-effective antidepressant treatment than 3 weeks of rTMS as administered in this study. Optimal treatment parameters for rTMS need to be established for treating depression. More research is required to refine further the administration of ECT in order to reduce associated cognitive side-effects while maintaining its effectiveness. There is a need for large-scale, adequately powered RCTs comparing different forms of ECT. The next generation of randomised trials of rTMS should also seek to compare treatment variables such as stimulus intensity, number of stimuli administered and duration of treatment, with a view to quantifying an effect size for antidepressant action. © Queen's Printer and Controller of HMSO 2007. All rights reserved.
Post-stroke depression$$$ Depression is a common sequela of stroke, occuring in approximately 33% of all patients. Post-stroke depression (PSD) is associated with greater cognitive and functional impairments, excess mortality, and increased health care costs, although symptoms are often mild. Diagnosis of PSD can be made using standard clinical criteria, despite the potential overlap with the somatic and vegetative symptoms of stroke. Post-stroke depression responds to standard antidepressant pharmacotherapies, but use of tricyclic antidepressants may result in increased cardiac adverse events. Given the high prevalence and major negative impact of PSD. active screening of all stroke patients for depression and aggressive treatment is recommended.
Management of treatment-resistant obsessive-compulsive disorder: An update on therapeutic strategies$$$ Background: Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a chronic psychiatric disorder characterized by recurrent, persistent thoughts and/or repetitive compulsive behaviors that cause anxiety or distress, are time-consuming, and cause significant socio-occupational dysfunction. Although OCD can be alleviated with pharmacological and behavioral treatments, up to 40-60% of patients do not have a satisfactory outcome. This paper aims to review the operational definitions and management of treatment-resistant OCD. Materials and Methods: A computerized search on Pubmed carried from 1980 to April 2006 led to the summarization of the results. Results: There are several strategies to manage treatment-resistant OCD. To start with, it is necessary to define it and differentiate it from other comorbid psychiatric disorders. Adequate trials of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), including clomipramine, at the maximum recommended dosages for at least 12 weeks needs to be tried, along with cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT), before trying out other modalities of treatment, which include ECT, rTMS, and neurosurgery. Conclusion: OCD has various clinical and therapeutic implications as it has a chronic course. Unless diagnosed and treated in an effective manner, it carries the risk of becoming resistant to treatment. This paper attempts to present an algorithm of management that can be followed in treatment-resistant OCD. It also emphasizes the need to maximize the effect of each course of treatment before moving on to the next step of management.
Mood and anxiety disorders in patients with myasthenia gravis: Aetiology, diagnosis and treatment$$$ Myasthenia gravis (MG) is a chronic, autoimmune disease involving neuromuscular junctions. It is frequently associated with symptoms such as loss of muscle strength, difficulty in respiration and swallowing, diplopia and ptosis. All chronic diseases, including MG, may have psychiatric consequences in terms of coping and adaptation. Psychiatric morbidity usually appears as anxiety disorders, such as panic disorder and generalised anxiety disorder, and as depressive disorders. However, there are very few data on the prevalence and aetiology of such psychiatric symptoms in patients with MG, and those available in the literature are generally from old studies with poor methodology. The interaction between MG and psychiatric disorders needs to be appreciated, especially in the primary care setting, since the symptoms may overlap. MG may be under-recognised initially because the psychiatric symptoms may coincide with those of the actual disease, such as fatigue, lack of energy and shortness of breath. On the other hand, co-morbid psychiatric symptoms that appear during the course of the illness may be misdiagnosed as true myasthenic symptoms; thus, leading to unnecessary drug treatment. Differentiation of the aetiology of these symptoms might alter the treatment choice and, therefore, affect the treatment success rate and patients' well-being. Psychiatric treatments must be carefully planned because of the risk of aggravating the underling neurological disease. Even though there appears to be an intricate relationship between MG and psychiatric symptoms, there is very limited information on this subject. As such, prospective, randomised, controlled pharmaco/psychotherapy studies are needed to better direct the management of patients and, thus, improve quality of life during the course of the illness. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Antidepressant treatment in bipolar depression: A vexing clinical problem$$$ Objective: The burden of bipolar depression is greater than that of mania as reflected by the fact that patients spend more time in depressive phase (Fig. 1) and display greater impairment in social and family life and at work. Despite the substantial burden associated with bipolar depression, options for treatment are limited, and management represents a major clinical challenge. This study reviews current evidence regarding efficacy and safety of antidepressants and of alternative treatments for bipolar depression. Method: A comprehensive review of the literature has been carried out using a computerized search of the relevant literature from MEDLINE for the period 1972-2006. Keywords used: bipolar disorder, unipolar major depression, rapid cycling, switch, antidepressant, anticonvulsant, antipsychotic, dopamine agonist, lithium and electroconvulsive therapy. Aim of the study is to answer the following questions: 1) do antidepressants work in acute bipolar depression?; 2) do antidepressants work in acute bipolar depression as well as they do in unipolar depression?; 3) what risks are related to short-term antidepressant treatment in bipolar depression?; 4) how effective are antidepressants in preventing depressive relapses?; 5) what is the risk of rapid cycling induction?; 6) how effective are the alternative treatments to antidepressants for bipolar depression? Results: Current limited evidence shows that antidepressants are effective in the short-term treatment of bipolar depression (Table 1) and that they may work in acute bipolar depression as well as they do in unipolar depression (Table II). There are indications, but no proof, of the efficacy of lithium or other mood stabilizers such as valproate, carbamazepine, gabapentin and topiramate. The only exception is lamotrigine, which is more effective than placebo. Olanzapine-fluoxetine combination and quetiapine are superior to placebo in the acute treatment of bipolar depression. Limited studies with dopamine agonists such as pramipexole and ropinirole show some promise; therefore, the potential role of this group of drugs, in depressed patients, requires further investigation. Electroconvulsive therapy remains an option for treatment-refractory patients and those intolerant to pharmacologic treatment, as well as patients at high risk of suicide. Retrospective and prospective studies show that extended antidepressant treatment (6 months or more) in combination with mood stabilizers may reduce the risk of depressive relapse (Table III). The major concerns regarding the use of antidepressants in bipolar depression are the risk of switch in (hypo)mania in the short-term, and the development of a rapid cycling course in the long-term (Table IV). Selective serotonine reuptake inhibitors, venlafaxine and bupropion are probably as effective as tricyclic antidepressants with a lower risk of inducing (hypo)mania switch. It is not clear if switch can be prevented by the combination of an antidepressant and a mood stabilizer, mostly lithium. Long-term studies demonstrate that lamotrigine is better than placebo and lithium in preventing depressive relapse. There is also some evidence that psychoeducation, cognitive-behavioural therapy and interpersonal therapy decrease the risk of relapse into depression. Conclusions: Despite the considerable burden of bipolar depression, the literature on acute and long-term treatment of this phase of bipolar disorder is significantly limited. From current evidence, the most effective pharmacological treatment is that with antidepressants. Lamotrigine, atypical antipsychotics and dopamine agonists seem to be the more promising alternative treatments to antidepressants.
World federation of societies of biological psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for biological treatment of unipolar depressive disorders in primary care$$$ These practical guidelines for the biological treatment of unipolar depressive disorders in primary care settings were developed by an international Task Force of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP). They embody the results of a systematic review of all available clinical and scientific evidence pertaining to the treatment of unipolar depressive disorders and offer practical recommendations for general practitioners encountering patients with these conditions. The guidelines cover disease definition, classification, epidemiology and course of unipolar depressive disorders, and the principles of management in the acute, continuation and maintenance phase. They deal primarily with biological treatment (including antidepressants, other psychopharmacological and hormonal medications, electroconvulsive therapy, light therapy).
Imaging pain of fibromyalgia$$$ Brain imaging studies have provided objective evidence of abnormal central regulation of pain in fibromyalgia (FM). Resting brain blood flow studies have reported mixed findings for several brain regions, whereas decreased thalamic blood flow has been noted by several investigators. Studies examining the function of the nociceptive system in FM have reported augmented brain responses to both painful and non-painful stimuli that may be influenced by psychologic dispositions such as depressed mood and catastrophizing. Treatment approaches are beginning to demonstrate the potential for brain imaging to improve our understanding of pain-alleviating mechanisms. Data from other chronic conditions suggest that idiopathic pain may be maintained by similar central abnormalities as in FM, whereas chronic pain conditions with a known nociceptive source may not be. Future neuroimaging research in FM is clearly warranted and should continue to improve our understanding of factors involved in pain maintenance and symptom exacerbation. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Anticonvulsants during electroconvulsive therapy: Review and recommendations$$$ OBJECTIVES: To review the literature on the concurrent use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and anticonvulsant drugs (AC) and to provide recommendations to guide clinical practice. METHODS: A MEDLINE search (1985-2006) was performed, using the terms "electroconvulsive therapy," "anticonvulsants," "epilepsy," "carbamazepine," "gabapentin," "lamotrigine," "topiramate," and "valproate," supplemented by manual searches of guidelines and textbooks on ECT. RESULTS: To date, no prospective, randomized and controlled trials examining outcome and safety of the AC-ECT combination have been published. Existing data are from case reports on the use of ECT for psychiatric conditions that are simultaneously treated with AC, and from case reports of patients treated with ECT and AC for epilepsy or for psychiatric conditions with comorbid epilepsy. Apart from an occasional difficulty in eliciting seizures, no severe adverse effects or complications are reported. CONCLUSIONS: The literature that is currently available indicates that ECT can be safely and effectively administered to patients treated with various AC. There is, however, no evidence to combine the 2 treatment modalities to augment therapeutic efficacy. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Homeostatic plasticity in human motor cortex demonstrated by two consecutive sessions of paired associative stimulation$$$ Long-term potentiation (LTP) and long-term depression (LTD) underlie most models of learning and memory, but neural activity would grow or shrink in an uncontrolled manner, if not guarded by stabilizing mechanisms. The Bienenstock-Cooper-Munro (BCM) rule proposes a sliding threshold for LTP/LTD induction: LTP induction becomes more difficult if neural activity was high previously. Here we tested if this form of homeostatic plasticity applies to the human motor cortex (M1) in vivo by examining the interactions between two consecutive sessions of paired associative stimulation (PAS). PAS consisted of repeated pairs of electrical stimulation of the right median nerve followed by transcranial magnetic stimulation of the left M1. The first PAS session employed an interstimulus interval equalling the individual N20-latency of the median nerve somatosensory-evoked cortical potential plus 2 ms, N20-latency minus 5 ms, or a random alternation between these intervals, to induce an LTP-like increase in motor-evoked potential (MEP) amplitudes in the right abductor pollicis brevis muscle (PASLTP), an LTD-like decrease (PASLTD), or no change (PASControl), respectively. The second PAS session 30 min later was always PASLTP. It induced an moderate LTP-like effect if conditioned by PASControl, which increased if conditioned by PAS LTD, but decreased if conditioned by PASLTP. Effects on MEP amplitude induced by the second PAS session exhibited a negative linear correlation with those in the first PAS session. Because the two PAS sessions activate identical neuronal circuits, we conclude that 'homosynaptic-like' homeostatic mechanisms in accord with the BCM rule contribute to regulating plasticity in human M1. © The Authors (2007).
The CRF1 receptor, a novel target for the treatment of depression, anxiety, and stress-related disorders$$$ The present review focuses on the corticotropin releasing factor type 1 (CRF1) receptor as a novel target for treating depression, anxiety and other stress-related disorders. An organism's stress response system is a complex network of neuronal, endocrine and autonomic pathways which has evolved to provide adaptive reactions to severe environmental and physiological stressors. The peptide CRF plays a critical role in the proper functioning of the stress response system through its actions on CRF1 receptors located at multiple anatomical sites. Clinical data indicate that dysfunctions of the stress response system, expressed as excessive CRF activity and possible hyperstimulation of CRF1 receptors, are present in a range of stress-related disorders, including depression, anxiety, and irritable bowel syndrome. CRF1 dysfunction may be particularly prominent in severe forms of these disorders (e.g. melancholic or psychotic depression, comorbid conditions, chronic posttraumatic stress disorder) and/or when these disorders are accompanied by a history of exposure to early life trauma. Available clinical data support the potential therapeutic efficacy of pharmacological agents which block the CRF1 receptor. Preclinical studies demonstrate that CRF1 receptor antagonists are efficacious in animal models in which CRF pathways and CRF1 receptors are hyperactivated, whereas they tend to be quiescent in states of low basal CRF activity, indicative of potentially reduced side effects in humans. Symptom diversity in animal models of stress and in human stress disorders may result from dysfunctions in different CRF1 receptor populations and/or different functional states of the CRF1 receptor. Small molecule, orally-active CRF1 receptor antagonists may be a broadly useful approach for treating a range of stress-related disorders that are associated with excessive CRF1 receptor stimulation. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Mixed episodes in bipolar disorder: A review$$$ Affective mixed states in bipolar disorders are a current matter of scientific debate and represent a complex clinical picture with coexisting manic and depressive symptoms. Treatment of mixed states is regarded as an important challenge. As diagnostic uncertainties complicate systematic clinical evaluations of this patient group, generally accepted clinical treatment guidelines are lacking yet. In this review the significance as well as the problems and risks of new treatment options are discussed. © Georg Thieme Verlag KG Stuttgart.
Methylphenidate augmentation of fluvoxamine for treatment-resistant depression: a case report and review literature$$$ Methylphenidate and other psychostimulants have received substantial attention for the management of depression in patients with medical co-morbidities as well as for the symptomatic palliation of various neuropsychiatric disorders. Despite having been of little use in the first-line treatment of depressive disorders, some evidence does suggest that they may be of potential benefit as an antidepressant augmentation strategy in patients who fail to respond to stand-alone antidepressant regimens. However, such claims appear to be based entirely on case reports and to date, no appropriate placebo-controlled studies have been carried out on healthy young subjects. We report a case of a woman with refractory depression who successfully responded to methylphenidate augmentation of fluvoxamine. Her clinical picture was dominated by significant biological symptoms, which included apathy, anergia, increased appetite, and somnolence, with marked secondary functional impairment. Several antidepressant treatment modalities were attempted, including electroconvulsive therapy, with little improvement in her symptomatology. Augmentation of fluvoxamine with methylphenidate ultimately brought about a rapid and sustained complete remission of her depression. We will highlight how methylphenidate and other psychostimulants, when used with caution and an appreciation of their potential risk for abuse, may prove to be remarkably effective agents for antidepressant augmentation, including that of partially-effective or ineffective selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors. Evidence for such use of methylphenidate unfortunately remains largely empirical and adequate placebo-controlled studies are therefore required to support or refute this claim.
Treating suicidality in depressive illness. Part 2: does treatment cure or cause suicidality?$$$ OBJECTIVE: To systematically review studies of treatment efficacy for suicidality in mood disorders. To consider the evidence for whether antidepressants may induce suicidality. METHOD: Systematic review of the literature. RESULTS AND CONCLUSIONS: There is fairly good evidence that lithium reduces completed suicide and attempt rates in people with bipolar disorder and recurrent unipolar depression. Antidepressants and psychological treatments may reduce suicidal ideation in depressed patients. Antidepressant trials do not, however, a priori target suicidality as an outcome, and inferences made are post hoc. For practical reasons, no adequate trials to date have tested the efficacy of treatment aimed at reducing completed suicide in people with depressive disorders. Antidepressants have been implicated in suicide in one metaanalysis (the elderly) and in one case-control study (youth), signalling the need for caution. However, most metaanalyses have found no significant excess of completed suicide among antidepressant users, compared with placebo groups, in adults and juveniles, but excess nonfatal suicidality is found more often in children and adolescents who take antidepressants (except fluoxetine). The controversy is ongoing.
What is a mood stabilizer?$$$ The concept of mood stability is attractive to both patients and clinicians alike, and hence the term 'mood stabilizer' has widespread currency. However, its worldwide acceptance and use in clinical practice is at odds with the absence of official recognition by regulatory authorities. The ideal mood stabilizer is said to have efficacy in the treatment of acute manic and depressive episodes, and also be effective in the prevention of recurrences. However, in reality, few drugs with perhaps the exception of lithium, come close to this gold standard; yet many agents aspire to the title, and some have arguably achieved it prematurely. It is, therefore, important to reconsider the definition of a mood stabilizer and critically review which agents, if any, satisfy the necessary eligibility requirements by reference to reasonable criteria and comparator data. The term mood stabilizer is an important label. It needs to be applied judiciously because it confers clinical credibility and qualifies long-term use in maintenance and prophylaxis. It is also important with respect to developing guidelines for treatment and the further development of novel agents. Most importantly, however, it is a term that is innately appealing because of what it promises: for this reason alone it should encompass only those agents that can deliver. © 2006 Cambridge University Press.
The after-effect of human theta burst stimulation is NMDA receptor dependent$$$ Objective: To provide pharmacological evidence that the after-effects of theta burst stimulation (TBS) involve plasticity like changes in cortical synaptic connections, using the N-methyl-d-aspartate receptor antagonist memantine. Methods: We performed a double blind, placebo-controlled study to evaluate the effect of memantine on the response of six healthy volunteers to TBS. We measured rest (RMT) and active (AMT) motor thresholds, and the amplitude of MEPs before and after continuous and intermittent TBS (cTBS/iTBS) after the administration of placebo or memantine. Results: Memantine had no effect on RMT and AMT, while it blocked the suppressive effect of cTBS and the facilitatory effect of iTBS. Conclusions: The effects of iTBS and cTBS rely on NMDARs to produce after-effects in the motor cortex of conscious humans. Significance: The NMDA dependency of the after-effects of TBS adds to the understanding of the underlying mechanism of TBS, and suggests that these after-effects are likely to involve plasticity like changes at synaptic connections in motor cortex. © 2007 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology.
Treatments in child and adolescent bipolar disorders$$$ The existence of bipolar disorder in adolescents is now clearly established. However, whether bipolarity exists in children is more controversial. We reviewed the literature on acute and prophylactic treatment of bipolar disorder in youths. The guidelines for the treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents are generally similar to those applied in adult practice. But no evidence-based data support the use of mood stabilisers or antipsychotics since we only found two placebo-randomised controlled trials testing the efficacy of lithium in the paediatric literature. Therefore, we support the view that prescriptions should be limited to the most typical cases. In fact, the use of mood stabilisers or antipsychotics in the treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents appears to be of limited use when a comorbid condition, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, occurs unless aggressive behaviour is the target symptom. © 2006 Steinkopff Verlag.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces pain in patients with major depression: A sham-controlled study$$$ This study evaluated the change in reported pain in patients with medication-resistant major depression receiving transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) compared with sham stimulation. In this study, 68 subjects with major depression were randomized to either TMS or sham stimulation. Repetitive TMS was delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at a frequency of 10 Hz in 5-second trains at 110% of the estimated prefrontal cortex threshold. The level of pain was assessed before, during, and after treatment using the Systematic Assessment for Treatment Emergent Effects (SAFTEE) item for pain in the muscles, bones, and joints. Compared with sham, TMS was associated with a significant (p < 0.05) reduction in the SAFTEE pain item during the study. The reduction in pain could not be explained by the antidepressant effects. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Treating depressed multiple sclerosis patients$$$ Approximately one in two multiple sclerosis patients will develop a major depression over the course of their lifetime. This is associated with a decreased quality of life and a high risk of completed suicide. A literature review suggests pharmacotherapy with a selective serotonin-reuptake inhibitor or tricyclic antidepressant is effective, the former likely better tolerated. Limited data show that psychotherapy, namely cognitive-behavioral and insight-oriented therapies, is effective, although cognitive-behavioral therapy is the only modality shown to rival medication in bringing about symptom response. Electroconvulsive therapy should be reserved for severe cases of depression as it may increase the risk of multiple sclerosis exacerbation. In treating the depressed multiple sclerosis patient, clinicians should always be on the lookout for comorbid anxiety. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd.
Pharmacogenetic treatment of depressive disorders$$$ Whilst the efficacy of antidepressant-based treatments of major depressive disorder continues to improve, responses remain poor in 30-50% of patients, with many patients discontinuing the medication due to distressing side effects. Drug responses can be influenced by genetic factors and several physiological and environmental factors, including age, renal and liver function, nutritional status, smoking and alcohol consumption. Antidepressants have a multifactorial mechanism of action and their phenotypic expression can be affected by several different genes. Most pharmacogenetic investigations into antidepressants have been conducted on candidate genes from the monoaminergic pathway. Antidepressants are thought to regulate monoaminergic transmission, and this review highlights pharmacogenetic studies into the effects of genes related to the monoaminergic pathway, such as the serotonin transporter, serotonin receptors of the norepinephrine transporter, tryptophan hydroxylase, the β3 subunit of G protein and brain-derived neurotrophic factor, on the action of antidepressants. © 2007 Future Medicine Ltd.
Beta-blocking agents and electroconvulsive therapy$$$ In this review we want to summarize the results of the placebo-controlled randomized clinical trials with betablocking adrenergic agents during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and review the effect on seizure duration and cardiovascular variables. We searched for studies in the electronic databases Medline. Keywords combined in the search were: "beta-adrenergic blocking agents" and "electroconvulsive therapy". The only limitation specified in the search was that the publications should include only randomized controlled trials. Esmolol and other beta-blocking adrenergic agents can have a significant effect on seizure duration during ECT, it shortens seizure duration, and this effect is probably dose dependent. Therefore routine administration is not recommended. Since the relation between seizure duration and efficacy of ECT is dependent on electrode placement it seems advisable to use bilateral electrode placement with patients with cardiovascular risk factors and an indication for use of esmolol during every session before seizure induction. In the absence of cardiovascular risk factors but with prolonging hypertension or tachycardia during ECT sessions, esmolol also is again preferred. Labetalol is an alternative although, especially in high dose, the longer half-life can be considered as a disadvantage. Experiences with landiolol are limited. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Targeting neurotrophic signal transduction pathways in the treatment of mood disorders$$$ Mood disorders such as bipolar disorder and unipolar depression are pervasive diseases associated with high rates of morbidity and mortality. There exists an urgent need for novel medications. Current compounds often do not bring about full remission, and if they do, it is only after a minimum of many weeks, if not months of treatment. Alterations in signaling pathways represent a likely source of pathogenesis. Dynamic regulation of complex signaling pathways plays a critical role in higher order brain functions, which include the regulation of mood, cognition, and sense of self and reality; thus implicating their involvement in mood disorder pathophysiology and pathogenesis. Impairments in neuroplasticity in the brains of patients suffering from mood disorders suggest that novel medications designed to attenuate impairments in these processes may have efficacy in their treatment. Further, since the onset of the vast majority of psychotrophic medications takes an extended period of treatment, it is a widely held belief that these drugs may act by modulation of critical neuronal signaling pathways and the resultant changes in gene expression and protein function. Preclinical, and some clinical, evidence implicates the action of specific neurotrophic signaling pathways in the downstream mechanism of action of medications useful for the treatment of mood disorders. We discuss specific signaling pathway and molecular treatment targets that are being considered for the development of novel treatments for mood disorder. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Mood is indirectly related to serotonin, norepinephrine and dopamine levels in humans: A meta-analysis of monoamine depletion studies$$$ Dysfunction in the monoamine systems of serotonin (5-HT), norepinephrine (NE) and dopamine (DA) may causally be related to major depressive disorder (MDD). Monoamine depletion studies investigate the direct effects of monoamines on mood. Acute tryptophan depletion (ATD) or para-chlorophenylalanine (PCPA) deplete 5-HT, acute phenylalanine/tyrosine depletion (APTD) or alpha-methyl-para-tyrosine (AMPT) deplete NE/DA. Available depletion studies found conflicting results in heterogeneous populations: healthy controls, patients with previous MDD in remission and patients suffering from MDD. The decrease in mood after 5-HT and NE/DA depletion in humans is reviewed and quantified. Systematic search of MEDLINE and EMBASE (1966-October 2006) and cross-references was carried out. Randomized studies applying ATD, PCPA, APTD or AMPT vs control depletion were included. Pooling of results by meta-analyses was stratified for studied population and design of the study (within or between subjects). Seventy-three ATD, 2 PCPA, 10 APTD and 8 AMPT studies were identified of which 45 ATD and 8 APTD studies could be meta-analyzed. 5-HT or NE/DA depletion did not decrease mood in healthy controls. 5-HT or NE/DA depletion slightly lowered mood in healthy controls with a family history of MDD. In drug-free patients with MDD in remission, a moderate mood decrease was found for ATD, without an effect of APTD. ATD induced relapse in patients with MDD in remission who used serotonergic antidepressants. In conclusion, monoamine depletion studies demonstrate decreased mood in subjects with a family history of MDD and in drug-free patients with MDD in remission, but do not decrease mood in healthy humans. Although depletion studies usefully investigate the etiological link of 5-HT and NE with MDD, they fail to demonstrate a causal relation. They presumably clarify a vulnerability trait to become depressed. Directions for further investigation of this vulnerability trait are proposed. © 2007 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Perioperative pain management$$$ The under-treatment of postoperative pain has been recognised to delay patient recovery and discharge from hospital. Despite recognition of the importance of effective pain control, up to 70% of patients still complain of moderate to severe pain postoperatively. The mechanistic approach to pain management, based on current understanding of the peripheral and central mechanisms involved in nociceptive transmission, provides newer options for clinicians to manage pain effectively. In this article we review the rationale for a multimodal approach with combinations of analgesics from different classes and different sites of analgesic administration. The pharmacological options of commonly used analgesics, such as opioids, NSAIDs, paracetamol, tramadol and other non-opioid analgesics, and their combinations is discussed. These analgesics have been shown to provide effective pain relief and their combinations demonstrate a reduction in opioid consumption. The basis for using non-opioid analgesic adjuvants is to reduce opioid consumption and consequently alleviate opioid-related adverse effects. We review the evidence on the opioid-sparing effect of ketamine, clonidine, gabapentin and other novel analgesics in perioperative pain management. Most available data support the addition of these adjuvants to routine analgesic techniques to reduce the need for opioids and improve quality of analgesia by their synergistic effect. Local anaesthetic infiltration, epidural and other regional techniques are also used successfully to enhance perioperative analgesia after a variety of surgical procedures. The use of continuous perineural techniques that offer prolonged analgesia with local anaesthetic infusion has been extended to the care of patients beyond hospital discharge. The use of nonpharmacological options such as acupuncture, relaxation, music therapy, hypnosis and transcutaneous nerve stimulation as adjuvants to conventional analgesia should be considered and incorporated to achieve an effective and successful perioperative pain management regimen. © 2007 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on panic attacks induced by cholecystokinin-tetrapeptide (CCK-4)$$$ Low-frequency (LF) rTMS shows beneficial effects in patients with depression and anxiety disorders. To explore its anxiolytic properties we investigated the effects of rTMS on experimentally induced panic attacks. Eleven healthy subjects underwent 1 Hz rTMS or sham rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a randomized cross-over protocol. Panic induction with 50 μg CCK-4 was carried out immediately after rTMS. Response to CCK-4 was assessed using the Acute Panic Inventory and the Panic Symptom Scale and measurements of heart rate, plasma ACTH and cortisol. All subjects reported a marked panic response following CCK-4 administration after both real and sham rTMS. Moreover, injection of CCK-4 induced a marked increase in heart rate, cortisol and ACTH concentrations. However, ANOVA showed no significant differences in any of the measures between both conditions. In contrast to the effects of pretreatment with alprazolam on CCK-4-induced panic in healthy subjects LF rTMS does not affect CCK-4-induced panic and cortisol or ACTH release. © 2006 Collegium Internationale Neuropsychopharmacologicum.
An update on the pharmacological treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ The purpose of this article is to introduce the reader to an updated evidence-based drug treatment algorithm to be employed in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Relevant studies were identified through a comprehensive review and classified according to the type of patients enrolled, the quality of the study design and the invasiveness, availability and complexity of the therapeutic approach. When ineffective, therapeutic trials with first-line strategies (such as the selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors [SSRIs] and venlafaxine) should be followed by treatment approaches such as clomipramine, augmentation with antipsychotics or pindolol, SSRI megadoses or cognitive behavioral therapy. These therapeutic strategies are expected to help most patients with OCD. Additional approaches include intravenous clomipramine, oral morphine, 'heroic drug strategies', deep brain stimulation and functional neurosurgery. Independent studies are urgently needed to help identify the most promising drug treatment sequences for OCD. © 2007 Informa UK Ltd.
Metabotropic glutamate receptors in the control of mood disorders$$$ Current treatments for depression are less than optimal in terms of onset of action, response and remission rates, and side-effect profiles. Glutamate is the major excitatory neurotransmitter controlling synaptic excitability and plasticity in most brain circuits, including limbic pathways involved in depression. Thus, drugs that target glutamate neuronal transmission offer novel approaches to treat depression. Recently, the NMDA receptor antagonist ketamine has demonstrated clinical efficacy in a randomized clinical trial of depressed patients. Metabotropic glutamate (mGlu) receptors function to regulate glutamate neuronal transmission by altering the release of neurotransmitter or modulating the post-synaptic responses to glutamate. Accumulating evidence from biochemical and behavioral studies support the idea that the regulation of glutamatergic neurotransmission via mGlu receptors is linked to mood disorders and that these receptors may serve as novel targets for the discovery of small molecule modulators with unique antidepressant properties. For example, mGlu receptor modulation can facilitate neuronal stem cell proliferation (neurogenesis) and the release of neurotransmitters that are associated with treatment response to depression in humans (serotonin, norepinephrine, dopamine). In particular, compounds that antagonize mGlu2, mGlu3 and/or mGlu5 receptors (e.g. LY341495, MSG0039, MPEP) have been linked to the above pharmacology and have also shown in vivo activity in animal models predictive of antidepressant efficacy such as the forced-swim test. The in vivo actions of these agents can be antagonized by compounds that block AMPA receptors, suggesting that their actions are direct downstream consequences of the enhancement of glutamate neuronal transmission in brain regions involved in depression. These data provide new approaches to finding mechanistically distinct drugs for depression that may have advantages over current therapies for some patients. Moreover, since the mood disorders encompase a non-homogenous set of symptoms, comorbid disorders, and potential etiologies, the rich arsensel that exists within the mGlu receptor families provides an opportunity for both broad and customized therapeutics. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
The NMDA receptor as a therapeutic target in major depressive disorder$$$ Ample evidence indicates that glutamate homeostasis and neurotransmission are disrupted in major depressive disorder; but the nature of this disruption and the mechanisms by which it contributes to the syndrome are unclear. Likewise, the effect of existing antidepressants on glutamate is unclear, as is the potential of drugs directly targeting glutamatergic neurotransmission to act as novel antidepressant medications. These are areas of active research. Here we review current knowledge of the contribution of the NMDA receptor, one of the several types of glutamate receptor, to depression and its treatment. Several lines of evidence, in humans and in animal models, support the contention that neurotransmission via the NMDA receptor is dysregulated in depression. Drugs that target the NMDA receptor have shown antidepressant properties in both clinical and preclinical studies. Nevertheless, other effects of such medications, including both cognitive side effects and their psychotomimetic properties, complicate such an application and represent a challenge to the development of clinically useful agents. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Long-lasting effects of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depressed patients$$$ The majority of previous clinical studies have indicated that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may have antidepressant effects. Herein, we investigated the longitudinal, long-term antidepressant efficacy of daily left prefrontal cortex (PFC) rTMS for a 1-week period. Nineteen patients were randomly assigned to two treatment groups at 90% of individual motor threshold (MT): Twelve received active repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and seven received sham treatment. Each patient underwent five sessions of twenty 2-s trains of 20 Hz rTMS with 800 stimuli/day. The Beck Depression Inventory and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale were used to assess severity of depression at 1, 4 and 12 weeks post-therapy. A significant reduction of baseline depression scores was observed after 1 week of active treatment that lasted for 1 month, indicating improvement of depressive symptoms. No significant effects were observed in patients receiving sham treatment. The results of this controlled study are in agreement with the findings of previous studies suggesting that daily left PFC rTMS has an antidepressant effect. © 2006 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Treatment response in melancholia$$$ Objective: Ascertain the response to specific depression treatments in melancholic and non-melancholic depressed patients. Method: Literature review focusing on studies addressing symptoms, diagnostic profiles, severity and other predictors of outcome with antidepressant medication, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), psychotherapy and placebo. Results: Patients with melancholia do not consistently differ from those with non-melancholic depression in their response to antidepressants and ECT, but patients with melancholia show a significantly lower rate of placebo response. Depressed patients classified as severely ill-many of whom are melancholic-likewise do not differ from the less severely ill in response to antidepressants but do have a consistently lower placebo response rate. The little available data from psychotherapy studies also consistently show that melancholic and severely depressed patients are less likely than the more mildly depressed to improve with various types of psychotherapy. Depressed patients with increased pituitary-adrenocortical activity-most of whom are melancholic-show a similar pattern of treatment response: they do well with ECT and antidepressants and poorly with placebo and psychotherapies. Conclusion: The research data, in the aggregate, suggest that the presence of melancholia predicts a poor response to psychotherapy and placebo and a relatively good response to antidepressants and ECT. © 2007 Blackwell Munksgaard.
A sham-controlled trial of the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rTMS in major depression$$$ Background. Studies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in depression have mostly involved once-daily treatment, with positive but modest clinical results. This study tested the efficacy and safety of twice-daily rTMS over 2 weeks. Method. Thirty-eight depressed subjects enrolled in a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of twice-daily rTMS (left prefrontal cortex, 10 Hz, 110% intensity, 1500 stimuli per session) over 2 weeks. Mood and neuropsychological functioning were assessed weekly by blind raters, using the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) as the primary outcome measure, plus the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) and self-report measures. After the blind period, 22 subjects continued with once-daily rTMS to receive a total of 6 weeks of active rTMS. Results. Subjects were moderately treatment resistant. Active treatment resulted in significantly greater improvement than sham over the 2-week blind period on one outcome measure only (MADRS p<0.05). Subjects showed further improvement over the 6 weeks of active rTMS. Neuropsychological test scores did not change significantly. Conclusions. rTMS given twice daily was effective and safe, with no adverse neuropsychological effects. © 2006 Cambridge University Press.
Depression in epilepsy: Phenomenology, diagnosis and management$$$ 1) Depression is a common and important accompaniment of epilepsy. 2) Depression in epilepsy is phenomenologically different from the usual forms of depression and it is essential that treating physicians assess for these varied forms as well. 3) Depression in epilepsy may be managed more effectively if the relationship to the ictus is better understood. 4) Other factors such as stressful life events, related or unrelated to epilepsy, may contribute to the depressive symptoms. 5) Antiepileptic drugs, particularly GABAergic agents such as vigabatrin, tiagabine, topiramate and phenobarbitone are depressogenic in nature. 6) The newer antidepressants, SSRIs such as sertraline, citalopram and paroxetine do not lower seizure threshold and can be safely used to treat depression in epileptic individuals. Fluoxetine may be avoided because of its longer half-life.
Geriatric depression$$$ Geriatric depression is a frequent psychiatric disorder in older adults. Elderly depression imposes a socio-economic burden by worsening the global health state and deteriorating the quality of life, yet often it is not properly recognized or diagnosed and lacks appropriate treatment intervention. The prevalence of depression varies with regions or nations and increases in the case of elderly people with either physical diseases or living in nursing homes. The cause of geriatric depression has not yet been ascertained, but it is generally thought to be attributable to biological factors, physical illness, and psychosocial factors including bereavement and economic problems. Its accurate diagnosis is complicated when medical illness or dementia is also present. New-generation antidepressants such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and serotonin-norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors are preferred over tricyclic antidepressants, because of the latters' side effect profiles. Non-pharmacological approaches are also useful, and maintenance treatments appear to reduce the likelihood of relapse. © 2007 Official Journal of Korean Neuropsychiatric Association.
Antidepressant effects of high and low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex: A double-blind, randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has antidepressant effects in patients with major depressive disorder. The mechanisms of action and optimal stimulation parameters remain unclear. To test the hypothesis that rTMS exerts antidepressant effects either by enhancing left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) excitability or by decreasing right DLPFC excitability, the authors studied 45 patients with unipolar recurrent major depressive disorder in a double-blind, randomized, parallel group, sham-controlled trial. Patients were randomized to receive 1 Hz or 10 Hz rTMS to the left DLPFC, 1 Hz to the right DLPFC or sham TMS. Left 10 Hz and right 1 Hz rTMS showed similar significant antidepressant effects. Other parameters led to no significant antidepressant effects. Copyright © 2007 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc.
Long-term follow-up after successful electroconvulsive therapy for depression: A 4- to 8-year naturalistic follow-up study$$$ OBJECTIVES:: A long-term follow-up of depressed patients responsive to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with intensive pre-ECT pharmacotherapy treatment failure who also participated in a 6-month trial directly post-ECT in which imipramine was compared with placebo for relapse prevention. METHODS:: A total of 26 patients responsive to ECT who participated in the 6-month continuation trial were invited 4 to 8 years later to assess their follow-up status. The groups with and without relapse within 6 months were compared with regard to recurrence of depression up to 8 years later. Recurrence was defined as a new episode of depression that needed antidepressant medication and/or readmission in hospital and/or a new ECT course. RESULTS:: At the time of follow-up (mean duration, 6.8 years), the recurrence rate of depression for the total sample was 42.3%. There was no significant difference in the recurrence rates and number of recurrences between the nonrelapse and relapse groups.The small study population limits generalization of the results; the design of the study is naturalistic and retrospective. CONCLUSION:: In our small sample of depressed patients with pharmacotherapy treatment failure, recurrence is not influenced by relapse after terminating ECT. Continuation of medication started immediately after ECT seems to be an important factor in preventing recurrence. © 2007 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Acute prefrontal cortex TMS in healthy volunteers: Effects on brain 11C-αMtrp trapping$$$ High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC) is a technique with purported efficacy as a treatment for major depression. Here, we assessed in vivo, in healthy volunteers, the effect of acute rTMS of the LDLPFC, relative to the stimulation of the left occipital cortex (LOC), on brain regional serotonin synthesis capacity, using the [11C]-alpha-methyl-tryptophan (11C-αMtrp)/PET method. Ten subjects were studied twice, once following rTMS of the LDLPFC and once following rTMS of the LOC in a randomized counterbalanced order. Three blocks of 15 trains of 10 Hz rTMS were delivered 10 min apart. Behavioural and autonomic measures were recorded before and after each rTMS session. Comparisons of TMS-related changes in regional normalized brain uptake and trapping of 11C-αMtrp (K*) values were carried out using SPM99. Statistically significant regional differences were identified on the basis of an extent threshold of 50 voxels, with a peak threshold of p = 0.005 uncorrected. Behavioural and autonomic measures were unaffected by rTMS. Relative to LOC stimulation, LDLPFC rTMS was associated with marked changes in normalized K* in limbic areas, with significantly lower values in the left parahippocampal gyrus (BA 28) and the right insula (BA 13), and higher values in the right cingulate gyrus (BA 31) and cuneus (BA 18). These findings indicate that acute rTMS of the LDLPFC in healthy volunteers modulates aspects of tryptophan/5-HT metabolism in limbic areas. Such adaptive changes may contribute to the mechanism of action of prefrontal rTMS in major depression. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Beyond the evidence: Is there a place for antidepressant combinations in the pharmacotherapy of depression?$$$ • Up to 45% of patients with debilitating and potentially lethal depressive illness do not achieve remission with initial drug treatment. • Using combinations of antidepressants as an early option for treatment-resistant depression has become increasingly common. • Before trying combination therapy, it is essential first to ensure diagnosis is correct, and then to optimise antidepressant monotherapy, using an effective dose for an adequate period. • Subsequently, augmentation of antidepressants with lithium and triiodothyronine should be considered, as these strategies are strongly supported by numerous clinical trials. Electroconvulsive therapy is the most effective treatment for severe depression. • There is little evidence to support use of antidepressant combinations. Risk of toxicity and drug interactions mandate that combinations be used as a last resort, and only in specialist settings.
Electro-convulsive therapy (ECT): An Egyptian perspective$$$ The world celebrated 68 years of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) recently. Whilst ECT has stood the test of time for nearly six decades stigma remains one of the main issues that needs to be addressed ECT is a technically advanced and effective treatment that is often misunderstood and maligned not only by the lay public but by psychiatrists as well. One of the main causes of stigma is the nomenclature which needs to be changed since shock and convulsion are absent when giving modified ECT. Based on the evidence derived from randomized controlled trials and extensive clinical experience for nearly 70 years, ECT is presently the most effective treatment for certain psychiatric disorders. The most transient memory disturbance is a moderate price for what can be achieved, as the benefit to risk ratio of ECT is usually favorable. The economic aspects of ECT use in Egypt, as well as the problem of ECT training, ate discussed in this paper. The ethical aspects of ECT are reviewed as well as the discrepancies between developed and developing countries in its application, which needs to be addressed from a transcultural perspective.
Psychological treatments in the management of severe late-life depression: At least as important as ECT$$$ Depressive illness in late life is a complex disorder that warrants complex interventions. It needs to be viewed as a long-term illness which in some sufferers will include severe episodes. At present, there is very little randomized trial evidence to support the use of either ECT or psychological treatments in the management of severe depression episodes although clinical experience and evidence from trials with younger adults support the use of ECT to bring about rapid and short-term relief from symptoms. Regrettably, potentially helpful psychological interventions are frequently overlooked at this stage. We know that older people are more likely than younger people to be offered ECT (Dombrovski and Mulsant, see above) and it is likely that the opposite is true for psychological treatments. The creation of a "cognitive milieu" in inpatient settings is advocated, in which staff members are trained in cognitive techniques to help patients with early symptom relief and later relapse prevention. Straightforward techniques can lead to small changes which can foster hope and also increase compliance with treatment. Findings from research trials conducted mainly with younger adults may be difficult to apply to the most severely depressed older adults but there is reason for optimism that psychotherapy in combination with medication in the continuation phase may reduce the likelihood of further episodes. Psychiatrists and other mental health workers have a responsibility to take patients' treatment preferences into account and to keep abreast of developments in both biological and psychological treatments to promote good practice and further research in the management of late-life depression. © International Psychogeriatric Association 2006.
Non-pharmacological treatments in the management of rapid cycling bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Rapid cycling (RC) bipolar disorder is often treatment-resistant to pharmacotherapy. Non-pharmacological methods, however, are reasonable considerations in treatment refractory cases of bipolar patients. Thus, such methods may be useful in the management of RC, especially when drugs are not shown to be effective. Method: This review is based on studies of all major non-pharmacological methods which are used in the management of bipolar disorder, by focusing on data regarding patients with a RC pattern of the illness. Results: Regarding biological treatments, for electroconvulsive therapy and sleep deprivation, there exists some evidence that they might be efficacious in RC patients for acute treatment as well as for prophylaxis from recurrences. Light therapy has not been shown to be efficacious in RC, while no published data exist for transcranial magnetic stimulation and vagus nerve stimulation. The non-biological treatments include psychotherapeutic and psychosocial interventions; these have not been tried particularly on RC patients, but their use should be expected to contribute to the overall management of the RC pattern as it does to that of mood disorder in general. Limitations: Many data on which this review is based are drawn from case reports or non-randomised trials. Conclusions: Non-pharmacological methods, either biological or non-biological (psychotherapies and psychoeducation), may be applied in the management of RC patients. These methods might be used in combination with the administration of drug treatment, based on the clinical experience of the physician and the individual characteristics of the patient. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Extended-duration agents of perioperative pain management$$$ Perioperative pain management has drastically evolved over the years to satisfy current unmet needs. Intermittent delivery of drugs has been replaced by continuous delivery systems involving oral, neuraxial, and peripheral nerve block routes of administration. One current standard of perioperative pain management is an epidural injection of an opioid such as morphine, fentanyl, or hydromorphone, with or without the addition of a local anesthetic, such as bupivacaine. Although this method is extremely effective in controlling pain during the most critical 48-hour period postoperatively, it also has its disadvantages. Risks associated with indwelling epidural catheters include infection, adverse effects, and spinal hematoma. The development of extended- and controlled-release drug delivery systems has revolutionized perioperative pain management. This class of drugs comprises MS Contin (Purdue Pharma LP, Stamford, CT), OxyContin (Purdue Pharma LP), Opana ER (Endo Pharmaceuticals, Chadds Ford, PA), and DepoDur (Endo Pharmaceuticals). There are also phase II trials in progress examining controlled-release formulations of local anesthetics. This review discusses extended- and controlled-release agents administered perioperatively. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Medications in the treatment of borderline personality disorder 2006$$$ This review covers all significant randomized controlled trials and open trials of medications for the treatment of borderline personality disorder. New developments in the effectiveness of mood stabilizers and antipsychotics are discussed. Differences were found in the effectiveness of medications based on the presence or absence of depression and significant anger symptoms. Medications continue to be recommended as adjuncts to psychotherapy. Most of the trials discussed require replication, and more trials that investigate the effectiveness of medications in combination with psychotherapy are recommended. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
A review on primary progressive aphasia$$$ Primary progressive aphasia (PPA) is a neurodegenerative disease of insidious onset presenting with progressive isolated loss of language function, without significant impairment in other cognitive domains. Current diagnostic criteria require the language dysfunction to remain isolated for at least two years, and to remain the salient feature as the disease progresses, usually to involve other domains such as behavior, executive functions, and judgment. Although PPA in its early stages can usually be differentiated from probable Alzheimer's disease (PRAD) and the behavioral variant of frontotemporal lobar degeneration by the absence of significant changes in memory and behavior, and the preservation of activities daily living, progression of the disease often leads to deficits more consistent with the latter. Underlying etiologies remain heterogeneous: the neuropathological characteristics associated with frontotemporal lobar degeneration, cortocobasal degeneration, and motor neuron disease are usually found. There is a strong genetic susceptibility with affliction of first-degree relatives with similar disease in up to 40 to 50% in some series. Pathogenic mutations in genes coding for the proteins tau and progranulin have been isolated. These are leading to a better understanding of the neuropathological mechanisms and hopefully targeted disease-modifying therapy. Current therapy is limited to improving mood symptoms and targeting behavior changes as they develop. Referral to specialized centers where speech therapy, counseling, and education for both patient and caregiver are available may be helpful. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Fifteen minutes of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation acutely increases thermal pain thresholds in healthy adults$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) of the motor cortex appears to alter pain perception in healthy adults and in patients with chronic neuropathic pain. There is, however, emerging brain imaging evidence that the left prefrontal cortex is involved in pain inhibition in humans. Objective: Because the prefrontal cortex may be involved in descending pain inhibitory systems, the present pilot study was conducted to investigate whether stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex via TMS might affect pain perception in healthy adults. Methods: Twenty healthy adults with no history of depression or chronic pain conditions volunteered to participate in a pilot laboratory study in which thermal pain thresholds were assessed before and after 15 min of repetitive TMS (rTMS) over the left prefrontal cortex (10 Hz, 100% resting motor threshold, 2 s on, 60 s off, 300 pulses total). Subjects were randomly assigned to receive either real or sham rTMS and were blind to condition. Results: Subjects who received real rTMS demonstrated a significant increase in thermal pain thresholds following TMS. Subjects receiving sham TMS experienced no change in pain threshold. Conclusions: rTMS over the left prefrontal cortex increases thermal pain thresholds in healthy adults. Results from the present study support the idea that the left prefrontal cortex may be a promising TMS cortical target for the management of pain. More research is needed to establish the reliability of these findings, maximize the effect, determine the length of effect and elucidate possible mechanisms of action. ©2007 Pulsus Group Inc. All rights reserved.
Analgesic efficacy of interpleurally administered morphine and fentanyl after posterolateral thoracotomy$$$ Pain control is a major concern in post-thoracotomy patients. The current prospective randomized double-blinds study was designed to evaluate the analgesic effects of morphine and fentanyl given interpleurally after posterolateral thoracotomy. Thirty patients undergoing elective posterolateral thoracotomy in a teaching hospital in Tehran were divided into 3 groups with equal number of patients. Patients in group IPM, IPF1 and IPF2 received 0.1 mg/kg morphine sulfate, 5 μg/kg fentanyl and 2.5 μg/kg fentanyl in a total volume of 40 ml injected via an intrapleural catheter placed in the pleural space before the closure of chest. Subsequent doses of interpleural injections were administered at 4 and 8-h after operation. The intensity of pain was evaluated at rest and with coughing just before each interpleural injection and 30 min afterwards using a 10 point visual analogue scale (VAS). If patients needed additional analgesia, indomethacin suppository and intravenous morphine were given during the 20-h postoperative study period. In all of the 3 study, groups VAS scores were significantly reduced 30 min after interpleural administration of the study solutions (p<0.05). However, inter-group comparisons revealed no significant differences for VSA scores, supplemental analgesic usage and systemic side effects. Briefly, interpleural morphine and fentanyl following thoracotomy produce equal analgesia without major side effects. Copyright © 2007 by School of Pharmacy.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: Several studies have shown that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) is effective in the treatment of depression in patients with Parkinson disease (PD). However, since research into the effect of this type of rTMS regime on motor function is limited, we studied the effect of rTMS over the DLPFC on the motor functions in PD patients. Methods: Thirteen patients were randomly assigned into 2 groups, one receiving real-rTMS (90% of resting motor threshold, 10 Hz, 450 pulses-day for 10 consecutive days) over the DLPFC contralateral to the more affected side, and the other group receiving sham-rTMS. Assessment included a clinical motor evaluation using part III of the Unified Parkinson's Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), and several motor tasks. The UPDRS was applied before and after 10 days of rTMS. Finger tapping, reach movement, grip movement and gait were measured in each session before and after the rTMS over the 10 day period. Results: Statistical analysis (ANOVA for repeated measures; group * day * side * rTMS) only showed a significant effect for finger tapping, reach movement and gait for the factor day. No significant change was reported for the UPDRS in any group. Conclusions: Application of rTMS over the DLPFC as a 10 day course had no significant effect on motor functions and clinical motor status, and the improvement in performance of motor tasks can be attributed to the effects of practice. Significance: rTMS over the DLPFC did not lead to any motor improvement in PD patients. © 2006 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology.
Imaging sigma receptors: Applications in drug development$$$ Sigma receptors have been implicated in a Myriad of cellular functions, biological processes and diseases. While the precise biological functions of sigma receptors have not been elucidated, recent work has shed some light on to these enigmatic systems. Sigma receptors have recently been a target of drug development related to psychiatric and neurological disorders. Sigma ligands have also been shown to modulate endothelial cell proliferation and can control angiogenesis which makes them a promising target for oncology applications. Other areas currently being investigated include treatment of gastrointestinal, cardiovascular, endocrine and immune system disorders. Of interest is that the human sigma-1 receptor gene contains a steroid binding component, and several gonadal steroids, including progesterone, testosterone and dehydroepiandrosterone (DHEA), interact with sigma-1 receptors. Of the steroids examined thus far, progesterone binds with the highest affinity to human sigma-1 receptors, with a reported affinity (Ki) as high as 30 nM while the other steroids exhibit lower affinity. For this and other reasons, sigma-1 receptors have been proposed as a link between the central nervous system and the endocrine and reproductive systems. Taken together, the above information highlights an important yet largely unexplored but promising area of research to examine the biological function and therapeutic potential of sigma receptors. This review provides an overview of the current knowledge of these sites with a focus on specific areas where in vivo sigma recept or imaging is currently being investigated. © 2007 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
A randomized, controlled trial with 6-month follow-up of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy for severe depression$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been reported to be as effective as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for major depression. The authors conducted a multicenter randomized, controlled trial to test the equivalence of rTMS with ECT. Method: Forty-six patients with major depression referred for ECT were randomly assigned to either a 15-day course of rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (N=24) or a standard course of ECT (N=22). The primary outcome measures were the score on the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D) and the proportion of patients with remissions (Hamilton score, ≤8) at the end of treatment. Secondary outcomes included mood self-ratings on the Beck Depression Inventory-II and visual analogue mood scales, Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) score, and both self-reported and observer-rated cognitive changes. The patients were followed up after 6 months. Results: HAM-D scores at the end of treatment were significantly lower for ECT, with 13 patients (59.1%) achieving remission in the ECT group and four (16.7%) in the rTMS group. However, at 6 months the HAM-D scores did not differ between groups. Beck scale, visual analogue mood scale, and BPRS scores were lower for ECT at the end of treatment and remained lower after 6 months. Self- and observer-rated cognitive measures were similar in the two groups. Conclusions: rTMS was not as effective as ECT, and ECT was substantially more effective for the short-term treatment of depression.
Appendix F: Practice parameter: Evaluation and treatment of depression, psychosis, and dementia in Parkinson disease (evidenced-based review): Report of the Quality Standards Subcommitte of the American Academy of Neurology$$$ Objective: To make evidence-based treatment recommendations for patients with Parkinson disease (PD) with dementia, depression, and psychosis based on these questions: 1) What tools are effective to screen for depression, psychosis, and dementia in PD? 2) What are effective treatments for depression and psychosis in PD? 3) What are effective treatments for PD dementia or dementia with Lewy bodies (DLB)? Methods: A nine-member multispecialty committee evaluated available evidence from a structured literature review using MEDLINE, and the Cochrane Database of Health and Psychosocial Instruments from 1966 to 2004. Additional articles were identified by panel members. Results: The Beck Depression Inventory-I, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, and Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale should be considered to screen for depression in PD (Level B). The Mini-Mental State Examination and the Cambridge Cognitive Examination should be considered to screen for dementia in PD (Level B). Amitriptyline may be considered to treat depression in PD without dementia (Level C). For psychosis in PD, clozapine should be considered (Level B), quetiapine may be considered (Level C), but olanzapine should not be considered (Level B). Donepezil or rivastigmine should be considered for dementia in PD (Level B) and rivastigmine should be considered for DLB (Level B). Conclusions: Screening tools are available for depression and dementia in patients with PD, but more specific validated tools are needed. There are no widely used, validated tools for psychosis screening in Parkinson disease (PD). Clozapine successfully treats psychosis in PD. Cholinesterase inhibitors are effective treatments for dementia in PD, but improvement is modest and motor side effects may occur. Copyright © Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation: Potential new treatment for resistant depression$$$ Dr. Richelson recounted his main points. Animal and human testing models have shown that antidepressant medications and rTMS are comparable in affecting the mechanisms that regulate mood. Both affect cerebral blood flow, increase BDNF, and normalize stress in the HPA axis. Theoretically, not all parts of the brain mediate all signs and symptoms of depression; however, modulating neurotransmission to specific brain areas through highly focused magnetic pulses that target specific mood circuits may reduce or even eliminate signs and symptoms associated with dysfunction in those brain areas.
Influencing negative symptoms of schizophrenia with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A case study$$$ Background: The present trial was designed to investigate the influence of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on negative schizophrenic symptoms using high-frequency stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in a simple blind randomized design. Methods: The study was carried out on a 42-year-old patient with schizophrenia (paranoid subtype) with prominent negative symptoms who was first treated with sham rTMS during the first 3 weeks and then with real high frequency during the following 3 weeks. He was rated before and after the sham and after the real rTMS therapy for positive, negative and depressive symptoms. Results: rTMS was superior to sham treatment in reduction of negative and depressive symptoms. Conclusion: High-frequency rTMS applied over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex led to a reduction of severity of negative symptoms in a patient with chronic schizophrenia and may be beneficial as an augmentation option to antipsychotics in the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. © 2007 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Sedation and analgesia in the intensive care unit: Evaluating the role of dexmedetomidine$$$ Purpose. A review highlighting the application of sedatives and analgesics in the intensive care unit (ICU) setting, with a focus on the use of dexmedetomidine, is presented. Summary. Relevant and applicable clinical trials that resulted from a search of the literature from 1966 to July 2006 using key search terms such as dexmedetomidine, intensive care unit, sedation, delirium, and analgesia were evaluated. Many agents have been evaluated in the search of the optimal regimen for sedation and analgesia in the ICU, including opioids, benzodiazepines, propofol, and antipsychotic agents. Dexmedetomidine has demonstrated efficacy as a sedative analgesic on the basis of its ability to lower opioid, benzodiazepine, and propofol requirements in clinical trials. The role of dexmedetomidine in ICU clinical practice is limited because of a lack of mortality and other morbidity endpoints, such as ICU length of stay, hospital length of stay, time to extubation, long-term complications after discharge from the ICU, and delirium. The most commonly reported adverse effects of dexmedetomidine are secondary to its effects as an α2-receptor agonist and are cardiac in nature. A detailed cost analysis may be warranted to justify the relatively high acquisition cost of dexmedetomidine. Conclusion. Dexmedetomidine may be an effective agent for ICU sedation and analgesia. However, the lack of clinically relevant endpoints in trials, the concern about adverse cardiovascular effects, and the relatively high acquisition cost of this drug limit its use to a select number of patients who may benefit from its distinguished mechanism of action. Copyright © 2007, American Society of Health-System Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved.
Relapse during continuation pharmacotherapy after acute response to ECT: A comparison of usual care versus protocolized treatment$$$ Background. ECT, an effective treatment for major depression, is associated with a high relapse rate. Roughly half of all responders during the acute treatment phase relapse during continuation treatment. Recent literature has pointed out an "efficacy-effectiveness gap" in outcomes of patients enrolled in study protocols when compared to "care as usual." This study compares the effectiveness of usual care versus protocolized pharmacotherapy in preventing relapse following ECT. Methods. One hundred twenty-six depressed patients responded to acute ECT. Seventy-three were randomized to continuation pharmacotherapy consisting of nortriptyline, nortriptyline-plus-lithium, or placebo. The 53 patients that refused to participate in the randomized trial were followed naturalistically for 6 months or until depression relapse in usual care settings. Results. All but one "usual care" patient received pharmacotherapy following ECT; 27 (51%) relapsed within 6 months. Only one usual care patient received continuation ECT as a first-line treatment. The "usual care" relapse rate was intermediate to the relapse rates of the patients receiving protocolized nortriptyline (60%) and nortriptyline-plus-lithium (39%), but superior to placebo (84%). Conclusions. The relapse rate associated with usual care following ECT was comparable to that of protocolized pharmacotherapy. This suggests that high relapse rates following ECT are not due solely to an "efficacy-effectiveness gap." Copyright © American Academy of Clinical Psychiatrists.
DepoDur® (extended-release epidural morphine): a review of an old drug in a new vehicle$$$ The use of epidural opioid can no longer be considered a novel postoperative analgesic, whether used as a one-time bolus or given via an epidural infusion with or without local anesthetic. In this role, epidural opioid is well accepted and efficacious. However, epidurals and other current strategies for treating acute postoperative pain are all limited by side effects and complications. Epidural infusions can provide excellent postoperative analgesia but can also lead to problems and complications related to catheter placement, such as the potential for epidural hematoma with anticoagulation, technical issues with the infusion pumps, and the time and labor necessary to place, adjust, and manage catheters and infusions. Extended-release epidural morphine (EREM, DepoDur®; Endo Pharmaceuticals, Chadds Ford, PA) has been studied and increasingly utilized as a method to improve postoperative analgesia of epidural dosing without the use of infusions. Via a delivery system using liposome encapsulation, EREM provides novel analgesic benefits but also contributes a new set of concerns to the field of pain management: unique onset and duration of opioid adverse effects. These issues have generated controversy in clinical anesthesia. In this review, we provide an overview of the published basic science, background research, and current clinical studies, as well as recent applications and experience with EREM. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The schizophrenias, the neuroses and the covered wagon$$$ a critical review; Objective: In order to compare their validity, this review applies scientific standards for sustaining the neuroses, the schizophrenias and bipolar disorders as separate "bona-fide" psychiatric diseases. The standards for disease validation demand specific and unique symptoms. Method: We review a wide variety of clinical and basic science comparisons between schizophrenia and psychotic bipolar in a select English-language literature. Results: Like covered wagons, the neuroses once served us well but became obsolete and were discarded or reorganized based on what was known about commonalities of symptoms, causation and pharmacological responsivity. Bipolar patients meet unique and specific diagnostic criteria and demonstrate consistent results across a variety of scientific disciplines. Neither the neuroses nor the schizophrenias have such unique or disease specific diagnostic criteria. Psychotic mood disorders account for the DSM diagnostic criteria for schizophrenia. A recent, selected but diverse basic science literature demonstrates surprising similarities between schizophrenia and psychotic bipolar which should not exist if these disorders are distinct. Conclusions: Like the neuroses, there is stigma, confusion and misunderstanding about the condition called schizophrenia, resulting in substantial negative impact on bipolar patients misdiagnosed as having schizophrenia. The psychoses, including the schizophrenias, likely are explained by a single disease, psychotic bipolar disorder, that has demonstrated a wide spectrum of severity of symptoms and chronicity of course, not traditionally recognized. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression: A review$$$ Introduction. In 1985, Barker et al. showed that it was possible to stimulate both nerves and brain using external magnetic stimulation without significant pain. During the past 10 years, therapeutic effects of repeated Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) have been widely studied in psychiatry and its efficacy has been demonstrated in the treatment of major depressive disorders, particularly as an alternative to electroconvulsivotherapy (ECT). Facing the large range of studies, we found necessary to propose an up-to-date review in French of the methodological and therapeutic variations among them. Method. Based on an exhaustive consultation of Medline data and the The Avery-George-Holtzheimer Database of rTMS Depression Studies, supplemented by a manual research, only works evaluating the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS on depressive symptoms were retained, excluding all studies exclusively investigating the stimulation parameters or the tolerance as well as case reports. Results. Out the 66 available reports we retained 30 studies. After a description of the main results of these 30 studies, several elements of the 66 will be discussed. Open studies demonstrated that short courses rTMS (5 to 10 sessions) produced a decrease in the mean Hamilton Depression Ratting Scale (HDRS) scores, although significant remission of depression in individuals was rare. Most authors had used high frequency rTMS applied to the left Dorso Lateral Prefrontal Cortex (left DLPFC). However, low frequency rTMS applied to the right DLPFC was also followed by significant reduction of HDRS scores. Parallel arm, double blind versus placebo studies are designed to clarify the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS therapy but conclude in contradicting results. Literature data globally confirms a greater efficacy of rTMS compared to placebo (37% responders in the active group vs 20% in the sham). This efficacy could in fact be even greater because the sham procedure is disputable in most studies. Indeed, positioning rTMS coil at 45° or 90° from the scalp may not represent an accurate sham procedure and the use of real sham coil is to be recommended. Only one study has suggested that associating rTMS and ECT could decrease the number of general anesthesia required. Therapeutic efficacy has been shown by either inhibiting the right DLPFC or by stimulating the left DLPFC, although some patients exhibit paradoxical responses. High frequency rTMS (> 5 Hz) increases cortical excitability and metabolism, while low-frequency rTMS stimulation (≤1 Hz) has the opposite effect. Other parameters are: relevant: intensity (from 80 to 110% of motor threshold), total number of stimulations (from 120 to 2 000) and total number of rTMS sessions (from 5 to 20). As suggested in most recent studies, higher-intensity pulses, higher number of stimulation or longer treatment courses may be more effective. Greater responsiveness to rTMS may be predicted by several patients' factors, including the absence of psychosis, younger age and previous response to rTMS therapy. Discussion. Conclusions on these factors and others, such as the importance of anatomically accurate coil placement and the distance from the coil to the brain, await further investigation. Despite heterogeneity of these reports according to methodology and treatment parameters, the antidepressive properties of rTMS now appear obvious, opening interesting prospects, in particular in the treatment of pharmacoresistant major depressive patients and, we hope, administered as adjuvant therapy in non-resistant depression. Conclusion. Thus, many questions remain unanswered concerning the optimal stimulation parameters, privileged indications and maintenance sessions. This justifies the development of structured evaluation trials on larger samples.
Duloxetine in the treatment of major depressive disorder$$$ Since depression impacts all body systems, antidepressant treatments should relieve both the emotional and physical symptoms of depression. Duloxetine demonstrated antidepressant efficacy at a dose of 60 mg qd in two placebo-controlled, randomized, double-blind studies and significantly improved remission rates compared with placebo. Duloxetine-treated patients had significant reduction in severity of the symptoms of depression as assessed by the HAM-D1'7, anxious symptoms as measured by the HAM-A and quality of life measures compared to placebo. Duloxetine also improved somatic symptoms, particularly painful symptoms which may have contributed to significantly improved remission rates compared to placebo. Approximately 10% of the 1139 patients with major depressive disorder in placebo-controlled trials discontinued treatment due to an adverse event, compared to 4% of the 777 patients receiving placebo. In addition to nausea (1.4% incidence), which was the most common reason for discontinuation, dizziness, somnolence, and fatigue were the most common AEs reported as reasons for discontinuation and all were considered drug-related. Duloxetine treatment lacks effects on ECG, increases heart rate, and has little effect on blood pressure or weight. © 2007 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Search for biological correlates of depression and mechanisms of action of antidepressant treatment modalities. Do neuropeptides play a role?$$$ Dysregulation of the monoaminergic systems is likely a sufficient but not a necessary cause of depression. A wealth of data indicates that neuropeptides, e.g., NPY, CRH, somatostatin, tachykinins and CGRP play a role in affective disorders and alcohol use/abuse. This paper focuses on NPY in etiology and pathophysiology of depression. Decreased peptide and mRNA NPY were found in hippocampus of both the genetic, e.g., the FSL strain, and environmental rat models of depression, e.g., chronic mild stress and early life maternal separation paradigms. Rat models of alcoholism also show altered NPY. Furthermore, NPY is also reduced in CSF of depressed patients. Antidepressive treatments tested so far (lithium, topiramate, SSRIs, ECT and ECS, wheel running) increase NPY selectively in rat hippocampus and in human CSF. Moreover, NPY given icv to rat has antidepressive effects which are antagonized by NPY-Y1 blockers. The data support our hypothesis that the NPY system dysregulation constitutes one of the biological underpinnings of depression and that one common mechanism of action of antidepressive treatment modalities may be effects on NPY and its receptors. In a novel paradigm, early life maternal separation was superimposed on "depressed" FSL and control rats and behavioral and brain neurochemistry changes observed in adulthood. The consequences were more deleterious in genetically vulnerable FSL. Early antidepressive treatment modulated the adult sequelae. Consequently, if these data are confirmed, the ethical and medical question that will be asked is whether it is permissible and advisable to consider prophylactically treating persons at risk. © 2007 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
How schizophrenia and depression disrupt reward circuitry$$$ Altered reward behavior in Parkinson's disease (PD) is supported by observations of a placebo effect, prevalence of addiction to dopamine agonists, incidence of compulsive reward-seeking behaviors, and disturbed affective symptoms in PD patients. However, it is not clear how dopamine neuron loss causes or supports these aberrant reward behaviors and alterations in affect. For example, striatal dopamine transporter loss has a small, significant relationship with depression and anxiety in mild/moderate PD, but not in severe PD. Also, dopamine loss itself does not appear to predict depression or anhedonia, the diminished capacity to experience pleasure. Other neuropsychiatric disorders such as schizophrenia and depression may provide models of disturbed reward biology that may prove useful when thinking about altered reward circuitry and behavior in PD and other neurological disorders. Copyright © 2007 by Current Medicine Group LLC.
Current clinical research environment. Focus on Psychiatry$$$ The introduction of international guidelines on Good Clinical Practices (GCP) in 1996, immediately followed by the publication of Resolution CNS 196/96 in Brazil, created a great opportunity for Brazilian research centers to participate in international trials. Such studies must be strictly monitored in order to assure compliance with the regulations, as well as with the standards of patient safety. Clear agreement among the investigator, the sponsor and the institution carrying out the study must be previously defined in order to avoid any conflicts of interest during or after the study. Operational aspects, such as the time needed to gain regulatory approval of the study design, strategies for patient recruitment/retention and appropriate logistics, are also important. In 2005, the Brazilian National Clinical Research Network was established, bringing together a number of research centers in teaching hospitals. The objective was to subsidize public clinical research with state-of-the-art practices and appropriate technical/scientific training programs. The development of research protocols that prioritize public health care needs in Brazil is other fundamental goal of this network. This article addresses general aspects of clinical research, as well as some specific issues in psychiatry. Improving the health and quality of life of the global population is certainly the major objective of all of the work done in this area.
Effects of unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the motor cortex on chronic widespread pain in fibromyalgia$$$ Non-invasive unilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the motor cortex induces analgesic effects in focal chronic pain syndromes, probably by modifying central pain modulatory systems. Neuroimaging studies have shown bilateral activation of a large number of structures, including some of those involved in pain processing, suggesting that such stimulation may induce generalized analgesic effects. The goal of this study was to assess the effects of unilateral rTMS of the motor cortex on chronic widespread pain in patients with fibromyalgia.Thirty patients with fibromyalgia syndrome (age: 52.6 ± 7.9) were randomly assigned, in a double-blind fashion, to two groups, one receiving active rTMS (n = 15) and the other sham stimulation (n = 15), applied to the left primary motor cortex in 10 daily sessions. The primary outcome measure was self-reported average pain intensity over the last 24 h, measured at baseline, daily during the stimulation period and then 15, 30 and 60 days after the first stimulation. Other outcome measures included: sensory and affective pain scores for the McGill pain Questionnaire, quality of life (assessed with the pain interference items of the Brief Pain Inventory and the Fibromyalgia Impact Questionnaire), mood and anxiety (assessed with the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, the Beck Depression Inventory and the Hospital Anxiety and Depression Scale). We also assessed the effects of rTMS on the pressure pain threshold at tender points ipsi- and contralateral to stimulation. Follow-up data were obtained for all the patients on days 15 and 30 and for 26 patients (13 in each treatment group) on day 60. Active rTMS significantly reduced pain and improved several aspects of quality of life (including fatigue, morning tiredness, general activity, walking and sleep) for up to 2 weeks after treatment had ended. The analgesic effects were observed from the fifth stimulation onwards and were not related to changes in mood or anxiety. The effects of rTMS were more long-lasting for affective than for sensory pain, suggesting differential effects on brain structures involved in pain perception. Only few minor and transient side effects were reported during the stimulation period. Our data indicate that unilateral rTMS of the motor cortex induces a long-lasting decrease in chronic widespread pain and may therefore constitute an effective alternative analgesic treatment for fibromyalgia. © The Author (2007). Published by Oxford University Press on behalf of the Guarantors of Brain. All rights reserved.
Recognition and management of neuropsychiatric complications in Parkinson's disease$$$ Parkinson's disease is primarily considered a motor disease characterized by rest tremor, rigidity, bradykinesia and postural disturbances. However, neuropsychiatric complications, including mood and anxiety disorders, fatigue, apathy, psychosis, cognitive impairment, dementia, sleep disorders and addictions, frequently complicate the course of the illness. The pathophysiologic features of these complications are multifaceted and include neuropathophysiologic changes of a degenerative disease, exposure to antiparkinsonian treatments and emotional reactions to having a disabling chronic illness. Changes in mental status have profound implications for the well-being of patients with Parkinson's disease and of their caregivers. Treatment is often efficacious but becomes a challenge in advanced stages of Parkinson's disease. In this article, we review the key clinical features of neuropsychiatric complications in Parkinson's disease as well as what is known about their epidemiologic characteristics, risk factors, pathophysiologic features and management. © 2006 CMA Media Inc. or its licensors.
Emerging treatments for depression$$$ Established treatments for depression are often effective. However, a significant number of patients show limited or no response. With advancements in the explanation of the underlying neurobiology of depression, several novel therapeutic approaches have been developed. Emerging drug targets include novel monoamine oxidase inhibitors, triple monoamine re-uptake inhibitors, omega-3 fatty acids, melatoninergic agonists and receptor antagonists for corticotropin-releasing factor1, glucocorticoid, substance-P and NMDA. Developments in therapeutic focal brain stimulation include vagus nerve stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy and deep brain stimulation. The role of psychotherapy, both as monotherapy and as adjunctive therapy, is an active avenue of investigation. Although data on these treatments are limited, preliminary results are encouraging. A major goal that remains to be achieved is the identification of predictors of response to the various antidepressant treatments that have diverse mechanisms of action. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd.
Continuation electroconvulsive therapy vs pharmacotherapy for relapse prevention in major depression: A multisite study from the consortium for research in electroconvulsive therapy (CORE)$$$ Background: Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been shown to be extremely effective for the acute treatment of major depression, it has never been systematically assessed as a strategy for relapse prevention. Objective: To evaluate the comparative efficacy of continuation ECT (C-ECT) and the combination of lithium carbonate plus nortriptyline hydrochloride (C-Pharm) in the prevention of depressive relapse. Design: Multisite, randomized, parallel design, 6-month trial performed from 1997 to 2004. Setting: Five academic medical centers and their outpatient psychiatry clinics. Patients: Two hundred one patients with Structured Clinical Interview for DSM-IV-diagnosed unipolar depression who had remitted with a course of bilateral ECT. Interventions: Random assignment to 2 treatment groups receiving either C-ECT (10 treatments) or C-Pharm for 6 months. Main Outcome Measure: Relapse of depression, compared between the C-ECT and C-Pharm groups. Results: In the C-ECT group, 37.1% experienced disease relapse, 46.1% continued to have disease remission at the study end, and 16.8% dropped out of the study. In the C-Pharm group, 31.6% experienced disease relapse, 46.3% continued to have disease remission, and 22.1% dropped out of the study. Both Kaplan-Meier and Cox proportional hazards regression analyses indicated no statistically significant differences in overall survival curves and time to relapse for the groups. Mean±SD time to relapse for the C-ECT group was 9.1±7.0 weeks compared with 6.7±4.6 weeks for the C-Pharm group (P=.13). Both groups had relapse proportions significantly lower than a historical placebo control from a similarly designed study. Conclusions: Both C-ECT and C-Pharm were shown to be superior to a historical placebo control, but both had limited efficacy, with more than half of patients either experiencing disease relapse or dropping out of the study. Even more effective strategies for relapse prevention in mood disorders are urgently needed. ©2006 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Treating depression in pregnancy: Practical suggestions$$$ Failure to treat depression during pregnancy can lead to problems for the mother and the baby. However, given the lack of convincing evidence of the safety of antidepressant drugs to the fetus during pregnancy and lactation, any antidepressive treatment plan must be embarked on with caution. The authors offer practical guidelines for managing depression during pregnancy and lactation.
Pharmacology of drugs formulated with DepoFoam™: A sustained release drug delivery system for parenteral administration using multivesicular liposome technology$$$ Lamellar liposome technology has been used for several decades to produce sustained-release drug formulations for parenteral administration. Multivesicular liposomes are structurally distinct from lamellar liposomes and consist of an aggregation of hundreds of water-filled polyhedral compartments separated by bi-layered lipid septa. The unique architecture of multivesicular liposomes allows encapsulating drug with greater efficiency, provides robust structural stability and ensures reliable, steady and prolonged drug release. The favourable characteristics of multivesicular liposomes have resulted in many drug formulations exploiting this technology, which is proprietary and referred to as DepoFoam™. Currently, two formulations using multivesicular liposome technology are approved by the US FDA for clinical use, and many more formulations are at an experimental developmental stage. The first clinically available formulation contains the antineoplastic agent cytarabine (DepoCyt™) for its intrathecal injection in the treatment of malignant lymphomatous meningitis. Intrathecal injection of DepoCyt™ reliably results in the sustained release of cytarabine and produces cytotoxic concentrations in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) that are maintained for at least 2 weeks. Early efficacy data suggest that DepoCyt™ is fairly well tolerated, and its use allows reduced dosing frequency from twice a week to once every other week and may improve the outcome compared with frequent intrathecal injections of unencapsulated cytarabine. The second available formulation contains morphine (DepoDur™) for its single epidural injection in the treatment of postoperative pain. While animal studies confirm that epidural injection of DepoDur™ results in the sustained release of morphine into CSF, the CSF pharmacokinetics have not been determined in humans. Clinical studies suggest that the use of DepoDur™ decreases the amount of systemically administered analgesics needed for adequate postoperative pain control. It may also provide superior pain control during the first 1-2 postoperative days compared with epidural administration of unencapsulated morphine or intravenous administration of an opioid. However, at this timepoint the overall clinical utility of DepoDur™ has yet to be defined and some safety concerns remain because of the unknown CSF pharmacokinetics of DepoDur™ in humans. The versatility of multivesicular liposome technology is reflected by the many agents including small inorganic and organic molecules and macromolecules including proteins that have successfully been encapsulated. Data concerning many experimental formulations containing antineoplastic, antibacterial and antiviral agents underscore the sustained, steady and reliable release of these compounds from multivesicular liposomes after injection by the intrathecal, subcutaneous, intramuscular, intraperitoneal and intraocular routes. Contingent on the specific formulation and manufacturing process, agents were released over a period of hours to weeks as reflected by a 2- to 400-fold increase in elimination half life. Published data further suggest that the encapsulation process preserves bioactivity of agents as delicate as proteins and supports the view that examined multivesicular liposomes were non-toxic at studied doses. The task ahead will be to examine whether the beneficial structural and pharmacokinetic properties of multivesicular liposome formulations will translate into improved clinical outcomes, either because of decreased drug toxicity or increased drug efficacy. © 2006 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Treating late-life depression$$$ Dr. Nelson is professor of psychiatry, director of geriatric psychiatry, and holds the Leon J. Epstein, MD, chair in geriatric psychiatry at the University of California, San Francisco. His research and expertise focus principally on the description and treatment of adult and geriatric depression, as well as the psychopharmacology of antidepressants. Among many accomplishments, Dr. Nelson received the Yale Residents Outstanding Teacher award in 1995 and 2001, and the Distinguished Yale Alumni Award in 2006. He wrote Geriatric Psychopharmacology in 1998. Dr. Nelson was one of the founding members of the American Society of Clinical Psychopharmacology and served as its president from 1999 to 2003.
How should you manage a depressed patient unresponsive to an SSRI?$$$ In general, strategies for addressing treatment-resistant depression have not been compared in head-to-head studies. Guidelines at this time are based mainly on expert opinion2,3 and gradually accumulating data from a few randomized controlled studies or low-quality cohort studies. While it makes sense, as the question implies, to first optimize the dose and duration of SSRI treatment in treatment-resistant depression, it is not clear which strategy to employ next. Switch, augmentation, and combination strategies may each improve clinical outcomes, but which strategy is best is based on expert opinion at this time. Optimize. The first step in treatment-resistant depression should be optimizing dose and duration of therapy. For fluoxetine (Prozac), based on a nonrandomized open trial, patients should receive 8 weeks of treatment before the SSRI course is deemed adequate. Only 23% of patients who have not responded to 8 weeks of fluoxetine respond to a still longer course of fluoxetine. Switch. The strongest evidence is from the recent STAR*D trial, a randomized study that assigned patients in one arm of the study who had no relief from (or did not tolerate) therapy with citalopram (Celexa) to 1 of 3 drugs-sustained-release bupropion (Wellbutrin SR), sertraline (Zoloft), or extended-release venlafaxine (Effexor XR). The study concluded that approximately 1 in 4 patients have remission after switching to an antidepressant from another drug class. Further switches in antidepressant monotherapy have a low success rate (10%-20%). Add/combine. Mixed evidence supports combining different antidepressants. There is cohort study evidence that combining citalopram and bupropion is more effective than switching to the alternate antidepressant, but other cohort studies did not find a significant difference between switching and augmenting. An arm of the STAR*D trial added either sustained-release bupropion or buspirone (Buspar) to the failed citalopram therapy. Thirty percent of patients with depression unresponsive to citalopram had remission when bupropion-SR or buspirone was added. The STAR*D reports do not compare the 2 strategies of switching or combining drugs directly. Augment. Evidence from a meta-analysis with aggregate data from 3 studies representing a total of 110 patients showed that augmentation of various antidepressants with lithium leads to improved outcomes (number needed to treat [NNT]=3.7). A cohort study of augmentation with an atypical antipsychotic agent such as aripiprazole (Abilify) suggest improved outcomes, but similar studies found no benefit. A small (23-patient) randomized trial of lamotrigine (Lamictal) suggests that it may augment the effect of fluoxetine. Psychotherapy. A systematic review of psychological therapies in treatment-resistant depression found 2 controlled studies (of cognitive therapy and cognitive behavioral therapy) out of 12 total studies meeting their inclusion criteria that demonstrated improved scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression. Further study of these therapies was recommended." ECT. The evidence supporting use of ECT for treatment-resistant depression comes from studies following failure of treatment with tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors. Methodological problems in these older studies do not permit an estimate of response rate.
Is depression different in older adults?$$$ Psychiatric disorders such as depression are common conditions in older adults. Depression presents similarly to younger adults, but with more psychotic symptoms and apathy. Research has suggested that genetics play a less important role in the etiology of depression in the elderly, but that other biological factors may be more significant. Vascular pathology in particular is thought to be especially important. White-matter hyperintensities are found in the frontal lobes and basal ganglia in greater numbers in older adults with depression, with damage to the frontal-subcortical circuits thought to be particularly important. It is associated with treatment resistance. Prognosis is poor if depression is not detected and treated adequately and this may lead to a higher risk of dementia and death. However, treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and other antidepressants, plus psychological therapies, are effective in the older depressed patient and reduce morbidity and mortality. © 2006 Future Medicine Ltd.
Bipolar disorder: Strategies for the lifelong illness$$$ Bipolar disorder has a lifelong course. Our understanding of the illness is not complete enough to detect it before the first manic or hypomanic episode. Treatment of bipolar disorder has three phases. The continuation phase comprises the transition between symptomatic improvement after correct diagnosis and effective treatment of an episode and functional recovery. This phase requires continuation of effective pharmacologic treatments combined with nonpharmacologic treatments that will provide the basis for education, monitoring, and anticipation of relapse. The maintenance phase begins when pre-episode function has been regained. Placebo-controlled data for mania support lithium, olanzapine, and divalproex in patients whose most recent episode responded to one of these treatments. Carbamazepine lacks placebo-controlled studies but appears to have response predictors that are complementary to those of lithium. For prevention of depressive episodes, which are at least twice as frequent as mania, placebo-controlled data support lithium, lamotrigine, and divalproex. Treatment response may depend upon the course of illness. There are relatively little data about long-term treatment response in bipolar II disorder or rapid-cycling. Although current treatments are effective, especially when combined with appropriate nonpharmacologic treatments, more definitive strategies require a better understanding of the physiologic processes underlying the recurrent nature of bipolar disorder. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc.
Factors modifying the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: A review$$$ Objective: So far no convincing answer has emerged to the question of whether transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) can make a clinically useful contribution to the treatment of depression. Here we examine whether multiple sensitivity analyses can highlight parameters that predict a favorable treatment response. Data Sources: Medline, Embase, and the Cochrane database for controlled trials were searched for relevant randomized controlled trials using the expression (transcranial magnetic stimulation or TMS) and depression. Study Selection: Thirty-three studies were identified and included in the random-effects meta-analysis, and between 17 and 31 studies were included in the secondary analyses comparing outcome of studies with different parameters. Data Extraction: Study data were extracted with a standardized data sheet. A meta-analysis based on Cohen d effect size measure was done for all studies and various subsets. Regression analysis of effect sizes with study parameters was done in 24 studies. Data Synthesis: Active TMS treatment was more effective than sham, but variability was too great to take any single study design as paradigmatic. No significant predictors of study effect size were found. Mean effect sizes were reduced, although still significant, in studies with stimulation intensity below 90% of motor threshold and new medication starting within 7 days before to 7 days after start of TMS. Conclusions: The absence of significant outcome predictors in the presence of significant variability of outcome measures can be interpreted in 2 ways: either study sizes and numbers and designs are insufficient to afford the power necessary to detect such predictors or TMS has a nonspecific effect on depression that is not influenced by study parameters. Large-scale comparative trials are necessary to decide between these interpretations.
A randomized trial of low-frequency right-prefrontal-cortex transcranial magnetic stimulation as augmentation in treatment-resistant major depression$$$ Low-frequency right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) appears to have antidepressant properties although the effectiveness of this treatment in clinical practice has not been assessed nor have the optimal stimulation parameters been adequately defined. A total of 130 patients with treatment-resistant depression were randomized to either 1- or 2-Hz rTMS over the right prefrontal cortex (PFC) for 2 wk with a possible further 2 wk extension. Non- responders were randomized to either 5- or 10-Hz left PFC rTMS. Overall, 66 patients (51%) achieved response and 35 (27%) remission criteria. For right-sided treatment, depression significantly improved but there was no between-group difference. Twenty-eight (42%) patients in the 1-Hz group and 33 (53%) patients in the 2-Hz group achieved response criteria (χ2= 1.40, p > 0.05). Depression symptom scores also improved for patients who crossed over to left-sided treatment but there was no significant difference in response between 5- and 10-Hz rTMS. Despite a heterogeneous sample, a significant proportion of patients met clinical response criteria following treatment but response to 1 and 2 Hz did not differ. 2-Hz right PFC rTMS has antidepressant properties but offers no advantage over 1 Hz despite doubling pulse number. Copyright © 2005 CINP.
Comparison of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy in unipolar non-psychotic refractory depression: A randomized, single-blind study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) can induce significant antidepressant effects and, for some patients, might be an alternative to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The results of studies comparing the efficacy of rTMS and ECT are mixed and, therefore, comparison of these two therapies needs to be further explored. Forty-two patients aged between 18 and 65 yr, referred to ECT due to unipolar non-psychotic depression refractoriness entered the trial. They were randomly assigned to receive either rTMS or ECT. Depressive symptom changes were blindly measured by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Visual Analogue Scale and Clinical Global Impression at baseline, after 2 wk and after 4 wk of treatment. There was no difference in the antidepressant efficacy of ECT and rTMS. Response rates were relatively low in both groups (40% and 50% respectively), with no significant difference between them (p=0.55). Remission rates were also low for both groups (20% and 10% respectively), also with no significant difference (p=0.631). There was no significant difference in the neuropsychological test performance after either one of these therapies. Both treatments were associated with a degree of improvement in refractory depression and therefore add to the literature that rTMS can be an effective option to ECT as it is a less costly treatment and is not associated with anaesthetic and other ECT risks. Copyright © 2005 CINP.
Use of electroconvulsive therapy in children and adolescents - Review of current literature and description of effects of electrotherapy in 5 adolescents with diagnosed treatment resistant schizophrenia$$$ Electroconvulsion has been proven to be an effective and safe therapy, which continues to arouse much emotion both in health care employees and general population. It seems important to continue the studies on this therapeutic method and make available the existing knowledge. In recent years the electroconvulsive therapy has confirmed its position mainly in mood disorders, schizophrenia and catatonic syndrome in adults. In children and adolescents the electroconvulsion is used as the last chance treatment, however the randomised studies on this subject are still missing. The treatment is carried on analogously as in adults; it is based on descriptions of single cases. The mechanism of electroconvulsion efficacy and possible differences of this mechanism during maturing of the central nervous system are not known enough as yet. Admittedly, during the procedure many neurotransmitters are released, recently the impact on the brain's neuroplasticity has been reported. The study is aimed at presenting a review of studies on the use of electroconvulsion in adolescents and children. The authors pointed to indications, efficacy and safety of electroconvulsive therapy. They also referred to scarce studies on the use of electroconvulsion at pre-pubertal age. Despite the lack of regulations, such therapy is sometimes used as the last chance treatment. In the latter half of the article the authors analysed the indications, efficacy, and adverse symptoms of electroconvulsion in 5 adolescents treated at our Clinic in recent years. The safety of such therapy and its partial efficacy in treatment resistant schizophrenia have been confirmed.
Treatments for late-life bipolar disorder$$$ Background: Bipolar affective disorder is not uncommon in the elderly; prevalence rates in the United States range from 0.1% to 0.4%. However, it accounts for 10% to 25% of all geriatric patients with mood disorders and 5% of patients admitted to geropsychiatric inpatient units. These patients often present a tremendous treatment challenge to clinicians. They frequently have differing treatment needs compared with their younger counterparts because of substantial medical comorbidity and age-related variations in response to therapy. Unfortunately, the management of geriatric bipolar disorder has been relatively neglected compared with the younger population. There continues to be a scarcity of published, controlled trials in the elderly, and no treatment algorithms specific to bipolar disorder in the elderly have been devised. Objective: The goal of this article was to review the current literature on both the pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic management of late-life bipolar disorder. Methods: English-language articles written on the treatment of bipolar disorder in the elderly were identified. The first step in data collection involved a search for evidence-based clinical practice guidelines in the Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews (up until the third quarter of 2006). Systematic reviews were then located in the following databases: MEDLINE (1966-September 2006), EMBASE (1980-2006 [week 36]), and PsycINFO (1967-September 2006 [week 1]). Additional use was made of these 3 databases in searching for single randomized controlled trials, meta-analyses, cohort studies, case-control studies, case series, and case reports. "Elderly," used synonymously with "geriatric," was defined as individuals aged ≥60 years. However, to take into account ambiguity in the nomenclature, the key words aged, geriatric, elderly, and older were combined with words indicating pharmacologic treatments such as pharmacotherapy; classes of medications (eg, lithium, antidepressants, antipsychotics, anticonvulsants, benzodiazepines); and names of selected individual medications (eg, lithium, valproic acid, lamotrigine, carbamazepine, oxcarbazepine, topiramate, gabapentin, zonisamide, clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, ziprasidone, aripiprazole). These terms were then combined with the diagnostic terms bipolar disorder, mania, hypomania, depression, or bipolar depression. Finally, the terms ECT and psychotherapy were also queried in combination with indicators for age and diagnosis. A few articles on "older adults," usually defined as individuals aged 50 to 55 years, were also included. They may allow for possible extrapolation of data to the geriatric population. Additionally, several mixed-age studies were included for similar considerations. Case reports and case series were described for their potential heuristic value. Results: Unfortunately, there is a considerable dearth of literature involving evidence-based clinical practice guidelines and even randomized controlled trials in elderly individuals with bipolar disorder. Available options for the treatment of bipolar disorder (including those for mania, hypomania, depression, or maintenance) in the elderly include lithium, antiepileptics, antipsychotics, benzodiazepines, antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and psychotherapy. Conclusions: The data for the treatment of late-life bipolar disorder are limited, but the available evidence shows efficacy for some commonly used treatments. Lithium, divalproex sodium, carbamazepine, lamotrigine, atypical antipsychotics, and antidepressants have all been found to be beneficial in the treatment of elderly patients with bipolar disorder. Although there are no specific guidelines for the treatment of these patients, monotherapy followed by combination therapy of the various classes of drugs may help with the resolution of symptoms. ECT and psychotherapy may be useful in the treatment of refractory disease. There is a need for more controlled studies in this age group before definitive treatment strategies can be enumerated. © 2006 Excerpta Medica, Inc.
What evidence there is for the drug treatment of Huntington's disease$$$ With the exception of tetrabenazine which is used to treat choreiform movements, no placebo controlled or randomised controlled trials were identified. The literature consists entirely of case reports and case series. Most are old and treatment is largely empirical. There is, therefore, poor evidence on which to base decisions for the management of psychiatric symptoms in patients with HD. Systematic studies are required before any definite conclusions can be drawn as to the efficacy of various approaches. However, this is unlikely to happen owing to the small number of patients diagnosed with HD. Clinicians who treat patients with HD should be encouraged to publish reports of both positive and negative outcomes to increase the primary literature base in this neglected area of care.
Cognitive, Affective, and Psychiatric Features of Parkinson's Disease$$$ Cognitive, affective, and psychiatric symptoms in PD are common and associated with significant morbidity and stress for patients and their families. It is important for the clinician to recognize and address these symptoms. Careful use of pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic strategies can improve quality of life. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Dementia: A brief review$$$ Dementia is an increasingly common diagnosis in our aging population, and the numbers are expected to rise exponentially in coming years. Alzheimer's disease alone now affects 4.5 million people in the US, while millions more are currently affected by vascular dementia, Lewy Body disease and frontotemporal dementia. Each of these is a distinct entity, though overlapping symptoms and comorbidities occur frequently. Within the past two decades research has progressed rapidly on multiple fronts, including epidemiology, etiology, pathology, diagnosis and treatment. It is important for clinicians to recognize early signs and symptoms of dementia, and to note critical differences among them. Dementia research has moved beyond description of symptoms and clinicopathological correlation to the elucidation of risk factors, the pathobiology of the disease process, and most important, to the first generation of dementia treatments. Our purpose here is to review the current state of knowledge and directions of research for the four major dementias noted above. We are entering an era of dementia care that will be based upon the identification of potentially modifiable risk factors and early disease markers, and the application of new disease-specific diagnostic tools and treatment modalities. © The Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine.
Neuropsychiatric disorders following vascular brain injury$$$ Several neuropsychiatric disorders such as mood, anxiety and psychotic disorders occur following cerebrovascular lesions. Post-stroke depression is the most common of these disorders and, along with post-stroke anxiety, has been shown to inhibit physical and cognitive recovery. Antidepressants have been shown to effectively treat post-stroke depression and to have a positive impact on rehabilitation efforts in patients suffering from this disorder. Much less is known about the potential impact of psychiatric conditions on recovery after stroke. Controlled trials will be able to adequately determine the effectiveness of treatment for these disorders. © The Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine.
rTMS in obsessive compulsive disorder non-responding to SSRIs$$$ Within a last decade, rTMS has been used for the treatment of depression, mania, and schizophrenia. Antidepressant response has been reported in open and double-blind, sham-controlled studies. Less is known about rTMS efficacy in the obsessive compulsive disorder. The aim of the randomized, double-blind, sham controlled study was to compare the efficacy of the 10 sessions rTMS with sham rTMS in serotonin reuptake inhibitor resistant OCD patient. Thirty seven patients were randomly assigned to either active rTMS or to sham. Active rTMS with the frequency of 1 Hz at 110% of motor threshold was administered over the left dorso-lateral prefrontal cortex. The same time schedule has been used for the sham administration. Thirty four patients finished the study, three patients' dropped out at the beginning. Psychopathology was assessed by CGI, HAMA, Y-BOCS and BAI before the treatment, immediately after the experimental treatment, and 2 weeks after by an independent reviewer. Both groups improved during the study period but the treatment effect did not differ between them in any of the instruments.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation to improve mood and motor function in Parkinson's disease$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive brain stimulation technique that can produce lasting changes in excitability and activity in cortical regions underneath the stimulation coil (local effect), but also within functionally connected cortical or subcortical regions (remote effects). Since the clinical presentation of Parkinson's disease (PD) is related to abnormal neuronal activity within the basal ganglia and cortical regions, including the primary motor cortex, the premotor cortex and the prefrontal cortex, several studies have used rTMS to improve brain function in PD. Here, we review the studies that have investigated the possible therapeutic effects of rTMS on mood and motor function in PD patients. We highlight some methodological inconsistencies and problems, including the difficulty to define the most effective protocol for rTMS or to establish an appropriate placebo condition. We finally propose future directions of research that may help to improve the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS in PD. © 2006 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Evaluation of epidural administration of morphine or morphine and bupivacaine for postoperative analgesia after premedication with an opioid analgesic and orthopedic surgery in dogs$$$ Objective - To evaluate the analgesic efficacy of epidural administration of morphine or a morphine-bupivacaine combination administered before orthopedic surgery in dogs that received opioid premedication. Design - Prospective, randomized, blinded, clinical study. Animals - 36 healthy adult dogs that underwent elective orthopedic surgery on a pelvic limb. Procedures - Each dog received 1 of 3 epidural treatments before surgery. Anesthetic and supportive care protocols were standardized. Dogs undergoing different surgical procedures were randomly allocated among the 3 treatment groups. Respiratory and cardiovascular variables, end-tidal isoflurane concentration, and requirements for rescue analgesia were monitored. Postsurgical analgesia was evaluated with a multiparametric pain scoring system and by determination of rescue analgesia requirements and cortisolemia. Results - The morphine-bupivacaine combination was associated with lower values than morphine or a saline solution for intraoperative arterial blood pressure; minimum and maximum isoflurane requirements; and postoperative pain scores, rescue analgesia requirements, and plasma cortisol concentrations. Values obtained after administration of morphine alone were not significantly different from those obtained after administration of saline solution for most variables. Conclusions and Clinical Relevance - The preoperative epidurally administered morphine-bupivacaine combination induced better analgesia than morphine alone and should be considered for use in clinical patients. The degree of hemodynamic depression associated with the combination was considered acceptable for healthy patients undergoing elective surgery.
Antidepressants and suicidal behavior in bipolar disorder$$$ Patients with bipolar disorder are at very high risk for suicidal ideation, non-fatal suicidal behaviors and suicide and are frequently treated with antidepressants. However, no prospective, randomized, controlled study specifically evaluating an antidepressant on suicidality in bipolar disorder has yet been completed. Indeed, antidepressants have not yet been shown to reduce suicide attempts or suicide in depressive disorders and may increase suicidal behavior in pediatric, and possibly adult, major depressive disorder. Available data on the effects of antidepressants on suicidality in bipolar disorder are mixed. Considerable research indicates that mixed states are associated with suicidality and that antidepressants, especially when administered as monotherapy, are associated with both suicidality and manic conversion. In contrast, growing research suggests that antidepressants administered in combination with mood stabilizers may reduce depressive symptoms in patients with bipolar depression. Further, the only prospective, long-term study evaluating antidepressant treatment and mortality in bipolar disorder, although open-label, found antidepressants and/or antipsychotics in combination with lithium, but not lithium alone, reduced suicide in bipolar and unipolar patients (Angst F, et al. J Affect Disord 2002: 68: 167-181). We conclude that antidepressants may induce suicidality in a subset of persons with depressive (and probably anxious) presentations; that this induction may represent a form of manic conversion, and hence a bipolar phenotype, and that lithium's therapeutic properties may include the ability to prevent antidepressant-induced suicidality. © 2006 Blackwell Munksgaard.
Cerebrovascular disease basis of depression: Post-stroke depression and vascular depression$$$ The close association between cerebrovascular disease and depression has been known for more than a century, yet much of the progress in understanding the cerebrovascular basis of depression in late life has been spurred by development of two concepts: 'post-stroke depression' and 'vascular depression'. The purpose of this review is to examine the epidemiology, diagnostic features, course, pathophysiology and prognosis of post-stroke depression and vascular depression, to highlight their common features, and to contrast the distinct aspects of these two subtypes of geriatric depression. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd.
Treatment of psychiatric syndromes due to cerebrovascular disease$$$ Neuropsychiatric syndromes are common in the setting of cerebrovascular disease. The most frequent psychiatric syndrome after stroke is depression. Emotionalism and apathy after stroke are also frequent and under-detected symptoms. Treatment principles are broadly similar to those currently used to treat non-organically ill patients. The evidence for pharmacological and psychological treatment for depression after stroke is scant, and of variable quality. Currently there is evidence of efficacy for both tricyclic antidepressants and SSRIs in the management of depression but the latter are better tolerated. Randomized controlled trials of antidepressants for post-stroke emotionalism are positive and this is encouraging. The current evidence base for psychological interventions either as first line or augmentative strategies is too limited and inconclusive to permit definite recommendations. Future studies might include multi-modal interventions using the principles of active case management and pharmacological studies which target both specific neuropsychiatric symptoms and underlying cerebrovascular disorder. © 2006 Informa UK Ltd.
Daily and spaced treatment with transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: A pilot study$$$ Objective: Transcranial magnetic stimulation is an emerging treatment of treatment-resistant depression. Current protocols rely on daily treatments. This study was designed to determine whether the time period over which treatment is delivered is an important factor in efficacy. Method: Sixteen adult patients with treatment-resistant major depression were randomly assigned to one of the two treatment groups, both of which received 2 weeks of treatment. One group received daily treatment (10 treatments, on business days). The other group received three treatments in week one, and two treatments in week two (five treatments, on spaced business days). Mood was rated using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and a self-rated visual analogue scale. Response was defined as a 50% reduction in HDRS rating, and remission was defined as achieving an HDRS score of 8 or less. The groups were compared throughout the 2-week study period. Results: At entry, there were no demographic differences between the groups. Multivariate tests showed a significant main effect for time (Pillai trace = 0.76, F(4,56) = 8.56, p < 0.001, power = 0.99) reflecting the improvement in both measures of depression during treatment. There was no significant difference between the groups overall (Pillai trace = 0.25, F(2,13) = 2.12, p = 0.16, power = 0.36). Additionally, there was no significant interaction between time and treatment group (Pillai trace = 0.18, F(4,56) = 1.35, p = 0.26, power = 0.39) indicating that the significant improvement in depression over time was similar for both treatment groups. There were no significant differences in response and remission rates between the groups. Conclusion: The time period of treatment appeared to be an important outcome factor. This suggests that less than daily transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment may be a useful clinical alternative. © 2006 The Authors; Journal compilation © 2006 The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists.
Diagnostic and treatment interventions for hypochondriasis in the neurology setting$$$ Many patients who present to neurology settings with somatic complaints have underlying fear of illness, anxiety, or depression. Hypochondriasis, which is one of the somatoform disorders, contributes to high use of services and frustration on the part of clinicians, because diagnostic and treatment interventions often fail. The challenges for clinicians include how to distinguish true somatic symptoms from those associated with fear or other psychiatric symptoms. Our goal is to provide the clinician with an integrated approach for the triage, assessment (history, screening tools, examination, and diagnostic tests), and treatment of these challenging patients. Recommendations are made regarding psychiatric consultation and comanagement between fields for complex patients. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc.
Antipsychotic medications in the treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Antipsychotic medications have been used to treat acute phases, and prevent relapses in, bipolar illness since their introduction into psychiatric practice. With the introduction of second generation antipsychotic medications, there has been renewed interest in the utility of this class of medications in managing manic-depression. It appears that all antipsychotic agents investigated have a potent acute antimanic property. This has been shown both in monotherapy and in combination with traditional mood stabilizing medications. The first generation antipsychotics appeared to worsen depression or induce a depressive-like state, but the second generation agents do not have this property and may have some antidepressant properties in bipolar patients. There is a dearth of controlled long term studies, but in open studies, both first and second generation agents appear to have a beneficial effect. Second generation antipsychotic agents appear to be a useful tool that may benefit bipolar patients. Adverse consequences of this group of medications appear to be the major limiting factors to their use.Antipsychotic medications play a very important role in the treatment of bipolar illness. This has become especially true since the introduction of second generation agents. There is a wealth of data documenting the use of these agents in bipolar mania. There are fewer studies examining relapse prevention. Finally, there are a small number of interesting studies suggesting utility in bipolar depression. This paper will critically review available randomized clinical trials utilizing antipsychotic agents in bipolar disorder. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Therapeutic and prophylactic utility of the memory-enhancing drug donepezil hydrochloride on cognition of patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ OBJECTIVES: Substantial progress has been made in identifying how the treatment parameters used in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) impact its cognitive side effects. However, there is limited information regarding the role of memory enhancers in post-ECT cognitive disturbances. We evaluated the therapeutic and prophylactic efficacy of the memory-enhancing drug donepezil hydrochloride on cognition of patients undergoing ECT. METHODS: A triple blind (the study subjects, clinician assessing the cognition, and the data analyst were unaware of subject allocation for trial assessment) randomized controlled trial was carried out in a General Hospital Psychiatry Unit. Subjects were randomized into 2 groups. One group received ECT with placebo, whereas the other group received ECT and donepezil (a memory-enhancing drug). Study participants were assessed in post-ECT period to analyze cognitive deficits and to compare the differences in 2 groups, as regards recovery of various aspects of cognition. RESULTS: The post-ECT recovery of various components of cognition was more rapid in patients using donepezil as compared to those not given donepezil (P < 0.05). CONCLUSIONS: This significant improvement in recovery time among patients receiving donepezil bears therapeutic implication in immediate post-ECT cognitive deficits. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Herpes zoster and postherpetic neuralgia: Public health burden and pharmacotherapy$$$ Objectives: To review the natural history of herpes zoster (HZ, or shingles), postherpetic neuralgia (PHN), and currently available treatments. Data Sources: Published literature on HZ and PHN, with emphasis on randomized, controlled treatment trials. Conclusion: HZ represents the reactivation of varicella-zoster virus latent in the dorsal root (sensory) ganglia. HZ typically appears as a dermatomal rash that progresses over three to four weeks from vesicles, to pustules, to crusted scabs, to healing. The most common complication of HZ is PHN, defined as pain persisting more than three months after the onset of rash. The risk of HZ and of PHN increases significantly with age. The pain associated with PHN often interferes with quality of life and daily activities; is frequently accompanied by depression, anxiety, fatigue, insomnia, and reduced mobility; and, consequently, may lead to physical, occupational, or social disability. Antiviral drugs (famciclovir and valacyclovir), if started within 72 hours of rash onset, decrease the intensity and duration of the acute phase of HZ. Corticosteroids add little benefit to antivirals and, moreover, are frequently contraindicated in the elderly. Even with treatment, 12% to 20% of HZ patients older than 60 years will experience PHN. Drugs of proven benefit in PHN include anticonvulsants (gabapentin, pregabalin), opioids (sustained-release oxycodone, morphine, tramadol, or methadone), tricyclic antidepressants (nortriptyline, desipramine), and topical anesthetic (lidocaine patch 5%). PHN is difficult to manage, and treatment must be individualized to optimize pain relief and minimize adverse events, which are particularly common in the elderly. © 2006 American Society of Consultant Pharmacists, Inc. All rights reserved.
Realistic expectations and a disease management model for depressed patients with persistent symptoms$$$ Objective: To describe the efficacy of currently available treatments for depression in achieving remission and to highlight additional strategies for those patients who continue to experience persistent depressive symptoms in spite of optimal treatment. Data Sources: The authors reviewed the literature (electronic and hand searches) on the efficacy of current pharmacologic and psychotherapeutic antidepressant treatments and the utility of a chronic disease management model. A search of PubMed was conducted for English-language articles published from 1980 to 2005 using the keywords depression treatments, outcome, course of illness, and treatment resistant depression. Data Synthesis: Current treatments for depression leave a significant minority (20%-40%) of patients with persistent depressive symptoms. A disease management model that may be useful for major depressive disorder is described. Conclusions: The goal of treating depression to achieve remission, although ideal, is currently unattainable for many patients. The long-term care of patients with persisting depressive symptoms may be well served by adding a disease management component to the overall treatment strategy. Doing so may help to improve coping, interpersonal functioning, and quality of life.
Induced hypotension with epidural/general anesthesia reduces transfusion in radical prostate surgery$$$ Purpose: Radical prostatectomy is associated with substantial blood loss frequently requiring allogeneic blood transfusion. We investigated the efficacy of deliberate hypotension using combined epidural/general anesthesia in reducing allogeneic transfusion requirements in patients undergoing radical prostatectomy. Methods: In a prospective, randomized, single-blind trial, 102 patients undergoing radical prostatectomy were allocated to either an epidural group (n = 51) or a control group (n = 51). In the epidural group, deliberate hypotension was achieved with a target mean arterial pressure of 55-60 mmHg. The trigger for allogeneic blood transfusion in both groups was a hematocrit value < 0.25. Results: Operative blood loss in the epidural group was significantly less than that in the control group (955 ± 517 mL vs 1477 ± 823 mL respectively, P < 0.001). The percentage of patients who reached the threshold trigger for allogenic transfusion was significantly less in the epidural group (8% vs 26%, respectively, P = 0.019) and the number of patients who were actually transfused during hospitalization was also significantly less (P = 0.028). There were no serious adverse events in either group during the study. Conclusion: Controlled hypotension using a combined epidural/general anesthetic technique is associated with significantly less blood loss, and a reduction in the use of allogeneic blood in patients undergoing radical prostatectomy compared to general anesthesia alone.
A randomized trial of an N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonist in treatment-resistant major depression$$$ Context: Existing therapies for major depression have a lag of onset of action of several weeks, resulting in considerable morbidity. Exploring pharmacological strategies that have rapid onset of antidepressant effects within a few days and that are sustained would have an enormous impact on patient care. Converging lines of evidence suggest the role of the glutamatergic system in the pathophysiology and treatment of mood disorders. Objective: To determine whether a rapid antidepressant effect can be achieved with an antagonist at the N-methyl-D-aspartate receptor in subjects with major depression. Design: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study from November 2004 to September 2005. Setting: Mood Disorders Research Unit at the National Institute of Mental Health. Patients: Eighteen subjects with DSM-IV major depression (treatment resistant). Interventions: After a 2-week drug-free period, subjects were given an intravenous infusion of either ketamine hydrochloride (0.5 mg/kg) or placebo on 2 test days, a week apart. Subjects were rated at baseline and at 40, 80, 110, and 230 minutes and 1, 2, 3, and 7 days postinfusion. Main Outcome Measure: Changes in scores on the primary efficacy measure, the 21-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Results: Subjects receiving ketamine showed significant improvement in depression compared with subjects receiving placebo within 110 minutes after injection, which remained significant throughout the following week. The effect size for the drug difference was very large (d=1.46 [95% confidence interval, 0.91-2.01]) after 24 hours and moderate to large (d=0.68 [95% confidence interval, 0.13-1.23]) after 1 week. Of the 17 subjects treated with ketamine, 71% met response and 29% met remission criteria the day following ketamine infusion. Thirty-five percent of subjects maintained response for at least 1 week. Conclusions: Robust and rapid antidepressant effects resulted from a single intravenous dose of an N-methyl-D-aspartate antagonist; onset occurred within 2 hours postinfusion and continued to remain significant for 1 week. ©2006 American Medical Association. All rights reserved.
Psychotic major depression: A benefit-risk assessment of treatment options$$$ Numerous studies in the past three decades have characterised 'psychotic major depression', a subtype of major depression which is accompanied by delusions or other psychotic features. Evidence from phenomenological and neurobiological investigations indicates that this is a unique disorder with clinical and biological characteristics that are distinct from those of nonpsychotic depression and from other psychotic disorders. Treatment studies have provided evidence of small placebo effects and good responses to electroconvulsive therapy or combination treatment with an antidepressant plus an antipsychotic agent. However, until recently, there were only a few small, prospective, double-blind, controlled trials investigating the efficacy of antidepressant-antipsychotic combination pharmacotherapy, yet this constitutes the currently accepted and most universally applied 'standard of care' for psychotic depression. Treatment guidelines have been based largely on uncontrolled investigations of electroconvulsive therapy and studies using tricyclic antidepressants and first-generation antipsychotic drugs, which are not frequently chosen as first-line agents today because of concerns regarding tolerability and risks. However, recent open-label studies and large controlled trials of newer antidepressants and antipsychotics have yielded very divergent results thus far, so that the best treatment approach remains elusive. This review discusses the phenomenology and treatment of psychotic depression with a focus on the benefits and risks of various treatment approaches. Problems with this literature are highlighted, and strategies for future research are suggested.
Peripheral thyroid dysfunction in depression$$$ The involvement of the thyroid gland and thyroid hormones is generally believed to be important in the aetiopathogenesis of major depression. Major support comes from studies in which alterations in components of the hypothalamic - pituitary - thyroid (HPT) axis have been documented in patients with primary depression. However, screening thyroid tests are often routine and add little to the diagnostic evaluation. Overt thyroid disease is rare among depressed inpatients. The finding that depression often co-exists with autoimmune subclinical thyroiditis suggests that depression may cause alterations in the immune system, or that in fact it could be an autoimmune disorder itself. The outcome of treatment and the course of depression may be related to thyroid status as well. Augmentation of antidepressant therapy with the co-administration of thyroid hormones (mainly T3) is a well-documented treatment option for refractory depressed patients. Review of the literature suggests that there are no conclusive data on the role of thyroid function in depression. It is clear that depression is not characterised by an overt thyroid dysfunction, but it is also clear that a subgroup of depressed patients may manifest subtle thyroid abnormalities, or an activation of an autoimmune process. There is a strong possibility that the presence of a subtle thyroid dysfunction is a negative prognostic factor for depression and may demand specific therapeutic intervention.
Effects of landiolol on hemodynamic response and seizure duration during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Purpose: This study was done to evaluate the effect of landiolol, an ultra-short-acting beta-blocker, on the hemodynamic response and the duration of seizure activity during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: We designed a prospective, randomized, double-blinded, placebo-controlled, crossover study. Fourteen psychiatric patients participated. Landiolol (0.1mg·kg-1 or 0.2 mg·kg-1) or saline (placebo) was administered IV 1min before the induction of anesthesia. Unconsciousness was induced with propofol 1.0mg·kg-1 IV, and muscle paralysis was produced with succinylcholine 0.6mg·kg-1 IV. Subsequently, electrical stimulus was administered to elicit a seizure, and the duration of the motor seizure activity was noted. Results: The heart rate (HR) and rate-pressure product (RPP) before ECT were significantly decreased in the 0.2mg·kg-1 landiolol group compared with these parameters in the placebo and 0.1mg·kg-1 landiolol groups. Both the 0.1mg·kg-1 and 0.2mg·kg-1 doses significantly attenuated the degree of tachycardia and RPP after ECT in comparison with the placebo group. Pretreatment with 0.2mg·kg-1 landiolol resulted in a significantly shorter duration of motor seizure than that in the placebo group (21 ± 13s vs 27 ± 12s). Conclusion: As the landiolol dose of 0.2mg·kg-1 caused shorter seizure duration, and because the hemodynamic effects after ECT of the 0.1mg·kg-1 and 0.2mg·kg-1 doses were similar, it was concluded that a 0.1mg·kg-1 landiolol bolus was the appropriate dose pretreatment before ECT. © JSA 2006.
The effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressive symptoms and the P300 event-related potential$$$ Changes in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and the P300 auditory event-related potential were assessed in 10 patients with depression before and after a treatment course of five daily sessions of 10 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left prefrontal cortex. The patients were initially randomly allocated either to an active or a placebo rTMS treatment. All patients received both types of treatment separated by an interval of 4 weeks. The median Hamilton score decreased by 7 points following active rTMS and by 1point after sham (p =0.075). Active rTMS was associated with a significant increase in the P300 amplitude compared with sham (p =0.02). There was no correlation between changes in P300 measurements and the Hamilton scores after active treatment. We conclude that five daily sessions of left prefrontal rTMS treatment is not of sufficient duration to make a significant improvement in depressive symptoms.
Chronic depression in bipolar disorder$$$ For patients such as the woman featured in the vignette, there is little evidence to support continued antidepressant treatment. Rather, the evidence from the literature suggests that, for this patient, the antidepressant may be contributing to her current dysphoria and middle insomnia. The stronger clinical trials in the literature support the use of lamotrigine (8, 9), lithium (7), carbamazepine (10), and valproic acid (38), in that order. Additional treatment options are presented in Table 1, although for some of these, long-term safety and efficacy data are not yet available. In the case presented, I would recommend slowly tapering the antidepressant while making sure that the patient receives an adequate dosage of one of these mood stabilizers. If she develops another episode of depression while being treated with a mood stabilizer, antidepressant therapy could be briefly reinitiated.
Treatments in child and adolescent bipolar disorders$$$ Recognition of bipolar disorder in adolescent is now clearly established. However, whether bipolarity exists in children is more controversial. We reviewed the literature on acute and prophylactic treatment of bipolar disorder in youth. Mainly, guidelines recommended in the treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescent are similar to those in adult practice. But no evidence based data support the use of mood stabilizers or atypical neuroleptics since we only found two placebo-randomised controlled trials testing the efficacy of lithium in the paediatric literature. Therefore, we support the view that prescriptions should be limited to the most typical cases. In fact, the use of mood stabilizers or atypical neuroleptics in the treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents appears of limited interest in children when a comorbid condition, such as attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, occurs. © 2006 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Evidence-based pharmacotherapy of dysphoric mania$$$ The treatment of dysphoric mania and bipolar mixed states is complex and supported by a scant number of controlled studies. There is some evidence that it may be more responsive to anticonvulsants than to = lithium. Valproate, and to a lesser extent carbamazepine, may be used either in monotherapy or as adjuncts to lithium. Use of other anticonvulsants, such as gabapentin, lamotrigine, leviteracetam, oxcarbazepine, tiagabine or topiramate, is not supported by controlled data as yet. The use of antidepressants is largely discouraged, as they may worsen this condition. Atypical antipsychotics, on the other hand, may be effective either in monotherapy or in combination with valproate or lithium. As dysphoric mania is associated to higher risk of switching to depression, and antipsychotics are not very good for the prevention of depression, antipsychotic monotherapy is not advised. Only the trials with olanzapine in combination with valproate or lithium enrolled a substantial number of patients to allow for statistical subanalyses on this population, with positive results. Aripiprazole and ziprasidone have shown efficacy in pooled analysis from a few trials. To a lesser extent, risperidone, quetiapine and clozapine have also been studied in randomized clinical trials but the number of patients enrolled was quite small. Both evidence and clinical experience point at combination therapy of an atypical antipsychotic and an anticonvulsant, preferably valproate, or lithium as first-line therapy for severe mixed states. Mild cases could be treated with valproate monotherapy. A good alternative is electroconvulsive therapy. More research is needed in this area, and particularly in mixed states other than dysphoric mania. © 2006 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l.
Depression in Alzheimer's disease$$$ Depression is one of the most frequent comorbid psychiatric disorders in Alzheimer's disease and other dementias, and is associated with poorer quality of life, greater disability in activities of daily living, a faster cognitive decline, a high rate of nursing home placement, relatively higher mortality and a higher frequency of depression and burden in caregivers. Depression in Alzheimer's disease is markedly under-diagnosed and most patients with depression are either not treated or are on subclinical doses of antidepressants. Recent randomized controlled trials have demonstrated the efficacy of sertraline and moclobemide to treat depression in Alzheimer's disease. Other psychoactive compounds may be useful as well, but careful consideration must be given to potentially serious side effects. © 2006 Future Drugs Ltd.
Anti-depressive Therapies After Heart Transplantation$$$ Objective: Despite an improved quality of life, about 33% of heart transplant recipients will develop depressive symptoms post-operatively. To date, no review has explored the efficacy and safety of pharmacologic or psychologic interventions in this patient group. Methods: We conducted a comprehensive Medline, EmBase, Psycinfo search for studies of the treatment of depression in heart transplant recipients. Results: We identified 34 studies of variable methodologic quality. Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs), particularly citalopram and new-generation anti-depressants (mirtazapine), seem to represent the best therapeutic choices for this population. Tricyclic anti-depressants (TCAs), and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) should be reserved for severe depression unresponsive to other treatments, whereas monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) should be avoided. St John's wort, an alternative herbal drug, has been associated with life-threatening immunosuppression. Psychologic therapy offers further advantages after heart transplantation. Conclusions: Further well-conducted, randomized, controlled trials are needed to clarify the efficacy and the safety of pharmacologic (SSRIs and atypical anti-depressants) and psychologic interventions in the management of depression after heart transplantation. © 2006 International Society for Heart and Lung Transplantation.
The influence of rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex on intentional set switching$$$ High frequency (HF) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has an excitatory effect on neurons of a specific brain area. The dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) has been associated with executive functions, such as task set switching. One important experimental paradigm for investigating such higher order cognitive control is the task-switching (TS) paradigm. A TS paradigm requires switching between two conditional response tasks with mutually incompatible response-selection rules. In the present study, the influence of HF rTMS over the right DLPFC in healthy female volunteers on a modified TS paradigm was investigated. As expected, reaction time on cued switching trials decreased significant after rTMS, as compared to non-cued switch trials. No changes emerged after the placebo sham condition. Mood remained unchanged after rTMS. These findings demonstrate the role of the right DLPFC in cued intentional set switch initiation. © Springer-Verlag 2006.
Treatment of Depression in Patients with Coronary Heart Disease$$$ Depression and coronary heart disease are common conditions that often occur together. Evidence shows that the co-occurrence of these illnesses is not random but driven by depression as a risk factor for the occurrence and progression of coronary heart disease. This link is due, in part, to the impact that depression has on neuroendocrine pathways leading to increased platelet activation, cortisol and catecholamine excess, and altered autonomic nervous system function that influence the pathogenesis and progression of coronary atherosclerosis and subsequent heart disease. We know that treating depression in patients with coronary heart disease improves the symptoms and signs of depression. Evidence is less compelling that treating depression improves the morbidity and mortality of coronary heart disease. However, early findings suggest that some antidepressants may improve the course of coronary heart disease and improve patient compliance with various cardiac interventions. We outline a practical approach to the treatment of depression in patients with coronary heart disease. This approach includes education, counseling, antidepressant drugs, and referral when appropriate. © 2006 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
The case against evidence-based principles in psychiatry$$$ There is an organized movement by governmental, academic and commercial interests to make evidence-based practice the standard of care in the United States. There is little proof that this model can be adapted to psychiatry. We examine the diagnostic system, the validity of the data from clinical trials and how these are applied to clinical practice. The discipline of psychiatry relies on imprecise and unstable diagnostic criteria. It divides psychiatric disorders into discrete categories based on discussion and consultations among designated experts in the field. The diagnostic system is based on consensus and not experimental evidence. In fact, psychiatric disorders are not discrete. High co-morbidities between disorders and the propensity of one condition to change into another makes the present diagnostic system extremely questionable. Outcomes of clinical trials are defined by fractional reductions in the number and severity of symptoms measured by rating scales and not remission of illness. The data obtained from clinical trials are flawed in design, execution and the selective reporting of outcomes. There is substantial evidence to indicate that both investigators and patients can distinguish between active treatment and placebo in double blind studies. In addition, negative outcomes are frequently not reported. Such evidence impacts not only on the specific study, used as evidence, but invalidates the value of meta analyses. Financial considerations lead to the inclusion of inappropriate subjects into studies and favor newer, patented treatments. When the conclusions derived from evidence-based psychiatry are applied to clinical practice they have little to offer and often produce poor treatment outcomes. In fact, when the data used to support the principles of evidence-based psychiatry are examined, they are unsound. The system itself is best considered an untested hypothesis. The diagnostic system, the manner in which data are gathered, and financial factors combine to produce a system that is misleading and indeed, dangerous. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Central excitability does not limit postfatigue voluntary activation of quadriceps femoris$$$ After fatigue, motor evoked potentials (MEP) elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation and cervicomedullary evoked potentials elicited by stimulation of the corticospinal tract are depressed. These reductions in corticomotor excitability and corticospinal transmission are accompanied by voluntary activation failure, but this may not reflect a causal relationship. Our purpose was to determine whether a decline in central excitability contributes to central fatigue. We hypothesized that, if central excitability limits voluntary activation, then a caffeine-induced increase in central excitability should offset voluntary activation failure. In this repeated-measures study, eight men each attended two sessions. Baseline measures of knee extension torque, maximal voluntary activation, peripheral transmission, contractile properties, and central excitability were made before administration of caffeine (6 mg/kg) or placebo. The amplitude of vastus lateralis MEPs elicited during minimal muscle activation provided a measure of central excitability. After a 1-h rest, baseline measures were repeated before, during, and after a fatigue protocol that ended when maximal voluntary torque declined by 35% (Tlim). Increased prefatigue MEP amplitude (P = 0.055) and cortically evoked twitch (P < 0.05) in the caffeine trial indicate that the drug increased central excitability. In the caffeine trial, increased MEP amplitude was correlated with time to task failure (r = 0.74, P < 0.05). Caffeine potentiated the MEP early in the fatigue protocol (P < 0.05) and offset the 40% decline in placebo MEP (P < 0.05) at Tlim. However, this was not associated with enhanced maximal voluntary activation during fatigue or recovery, demonstrating that voluntary activation is not limited by central excitability. Copyright © 2006 the American Physiological Society.
Treatment of depression in parkinson's disease$$$ Depression is one of the most common nonmotor features observed in Parkinson's disease (PD), affecting approximately 40% of patients. Depression in Parkinson's disease (dPD) significantly affects quality of life of both patients and their families and has been shown to be more predictive of distress than motor disability. Depression frequently goes unrecognized in this population, however, in part because the diagnosis is often complicated by the overlap of psychiatric and PD symptoms. The etiology of dPD is unclear; dopaminergic, serotonergic, and noradrenergic systems may be implicated. Options for managing dPD include antidepressant medication; cognitive-behavioral therapy; behavioral lifestyle interventions such as exercise; and, in refractory cases, noninvasive brain stimulation (electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation). Randomized controlled trials are needed to evaluate the efficacy of interventional approaches for dPD; several trails are currently underway. Copyright © 2006 by Current Science Inc.
Effects of antidepressant treatment with rTMS and fluoxetine on brain perfusion in PD$$$ BACKGROUND: Although depression is highly prevalent in Parkinson disease (PD), little is known about the neural correlates associated with depression and antidepressant treatment in PD. OBJECTIVE: To examine the effects of fluoxetine and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) using SPECT in patients with PD and depression. METHODS: Twenty-six patients were enrolled into two groups: One received active rTMS and placebo medication and the other sham rTMS and fluoxetine 20 mg/day. Brain SPECT was performed at baseline and after 2 and 8 weeks. Changes in rCBF were compared across timepoints and correlated with clinical scores. In addition, baseline rCBF of these patients was compared with that of 29 healthy, age-matched subjects. RESULTS: At baseline, patients with PD and depression showed significantly lower rCBF in the left prefrontal cortex, posterior cingulate gyrus, left insula, and right parietal cortex when compared with healthy controls. Both treatments induced significant clinical improvement and increases in rCBF in the posterior cingulate gyrus and decreases in rCBF in the right medial frontal gyrus. These changes were significantly correlated to the clinical outcome. Furthermore, the comparison between these two treatments revealed that whereas rTMS treatment was associated with an increased perfusion in the right and left prefrontal cortex, fluoxetine treatment was associated with a relative rCBF increase in the occipital lobe. CONCLUSION: Depression in patients with Parkinson disease is correlated with a dysfunction of the frontal-limbic network that can be modulated by two different antidepressant therapies. Copyright © 2006 by AAN Enterprises, Inc.
Fixed high-dose electroconvulsive therapy in the elderly with depression: A double-blind, randomized comparison of efficacy and tolerability between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate efficacy and tolerability of unilateral (RUL) and bilateral (BL) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the elderly with depression. METHODS: Thirty-nine elderly inpatients with major depression referred to ECT were randomized into RUL or BL ECT, using high, fixed electrical doses. Cognition and depression severity were assessed before, during, and 1 month after treatment. Adverse effects were assessed after each session. RESULTS: Remission rates for RUL ECT (88.2%) and BL ECT (68.2%) were similar (P = 0.25). Reduction rates of depressive symptoms were also similar. There were no serious adverse events. There were more adverse effects in the BL ECT group (P = 0.05). BL ECT showed more short-term cognitive impairment, whereas improvements in neuropsychological scores were seen in both groups. CONCLUSION: In elderly depressive subjects, high-dose RUL ECT is as effective as BL ECT yet produces less adverse effects and less cognitive impairment. Copyright © 2006 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Irritability in pediatric mania$$$ Although the study of pediatric bipolar disorder (BPD) and childhood mania is of increasing interest, clinical criteria for diagnosing the illness in children continue to be debated. The role of irritability is central to this controversy. Of particular importance is whether irritable mood (as opposed to euphoria/grandiosity) is sufficient to diagnose pediatric mania, and if mania is characterized by episodic (as opposed to chronic) irritability. This article discusses these issues in an effort to clarify the associations among irritability, mania, and pediatric BPD. In addition, although the term irritability is used frequently, there are few clearly operationalized definitions of irritability and few validated and reliable measures to assess it. We also discuss the pathophysiology of irritability and provide a developmental perspective. Finally, we discuss pharmacological and psychotherapeutic strategies for treating irritability in pediatric mania. © 2006 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l.
Non-pharmacological treatment modalities in children and adolescents: A review of electroconvulsive therapy, transcranial magnetic stimulation, vagus nerve stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy, and deep brain stimulation$$$ A growing range of brain stimulation techniques (Electroconvulsive Therapy, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation, Vagus Nerve Stimulation, Magnetic Seizure Therapy, and Deep Brain Stimulation) are emerging as promising treatment modalities in a variety of medication resistant psychiatric disorders. Some of these techniques, alone or in combination with neuroimaging approaches (i.e, PET, SPECT, fMRI) have been successfully used to study brain functioning in health as well as in illness. Despite the great need for effective treatments for psychiatric disorders in childhood and adolescence, these treatment modalities have been mostly studied in adults, and there are little data regarding their safety and efficacy in young patients. This article reviews the current state of knowledge regarding the use of brain stimulation techniques in childhood and adolescence and discusses possible future applications. © 2006 Giovanni Fioriti Editore s.r.l.
Triple reuptake inhibitors as antidepressants$$$ The majority of drugs currently prescribed for the treatment of depression inhibit the reuptake of serotonin and/or norepinephrine. The strategy for developing triple reuptake inhibitors (TRIs) is based on preclinical and clinical studies indicating that adding a dopaminergic component to a single or dual uptake inhibitor will improve these therapies in one or more dimensions. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
A sham-controlled, phase II trial of transcranial direct current stimulation for the treatment of central pain in traumatic spinal cord injury$$$ Past evidence has shown that motor cortical stimulation with invasive and non-invasive brain stimulation is effective to relieve central pain. Here we aimed to study the effects of another, very safe technique of non-invasive brain stimulation - transcranial direct current stimulation (tDCS) - on pain control in patients with central pain due to traumatic spinal cord injury. Patients were randomized to receive sham or active motor tDCS (2 mA, 20 min for 5 consecutive days). A blinded evaluator rated the pain using the visual analogue scale for pain, Clinician Global Impression and Patient Global Assessment. Safety was assessed with a neuropsychological battery and confounders with the evaluation of depression and anxiety changes. There was a significant pain improvement after active anodal stimulation of the motor cortex, but not after sham stimulation. These results were not confounded by depression or anxiety changes. Furthermore, cognitive performance was not significantly changed throughout the trial in both treatment groups. The results of our study suggest that this new approach of cortical stimulation can be effective to control pain in patients with spinal cord lesion. We discuss potential mechanisms for pain amelioration after tDCS, such as a secondary modulation of thalamic nuclei activity. © 2006 International Association for the Study of Pain.
Psychotic (delusional) major depression in the elderly: A review$$$ The prevalence in the community of psychotic (delusional) major depression (PMD) in the elderly was found to be 1%. In impatient settings the frequency of the disorder varies between 24% and 53%. There is also evidence that its frequency increases in old age. In the elderly, PMD compared to non-PMD was found to be a more severe and melancholic form of depression with more psychomotor disturbances (agitation or retardation) and feelings of guilt, more anxiety and hypochondriacal complains and less insight. Delusional beliefs of paranoid and hypochondriacal content have been found to be prominent. Additionally, elderly psychotic depressives (PDs) are possibly at greater risk of suicide attempt. Also, elderly PDs have been observed to have more cognitive processing difficulties. As regards neurobiological findings, they have been found to have lower dopamine-beta-hydroxylase activity, smaller volume of prefrontal cortex, more brain stem and left-side frontotemporal atrophy, enlargement of the third ventricle and pontine reticular formation hypertensities. The prognosis for the disorder seems worse, with higher relapse rates and mortality although not all studies are in agreement. In the acute phase, the response to ECT is favourable (88%), however the response rates to combination of an antipsychotic and an antidepressant (25-50%) seem to be inferior to those observed in younger adults (70-80%). Close follow-up and continuation therapy with an antidepressant is needed to avoid relapses. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
General principles for clinical use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a non-invasive technique allowing stimulating neurons in the cerebral cortex, is able to modify durably local as well as distant neuronal activity. Results obtained by stimulation of the primary motor cortex and measurements of induced muscle responses suggest that effects on cortical excitability depend on stimulation frequency and intensity, as well as of pulse-train duration. Such data, as well as results of animal studies have brought a physiological basis for the use of rTMS for treatment of various neurological and psychiatric disorders, and particularly depression. Nevertheless, as long as large randomized studies have not been conducted, rTMS should not replace other existing and validated therapies. © 2006 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
Safety and efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: a critical appraisal of the last 10 years$$$ Depression is a common and debilitating illness, for which alternative treatments are urgently needed. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a non-invasive and relatively painless experimental technique of altering brain physiology. The authors critically review the evidence for the efficacy, safety and tolerability of rTMS in the treatment of depression based on published data over the last decade. They also discuss studies which have examined relevant clinical, demographic, methodological, and technical parameters that might be implicated in optimizing the antidepressant efficacy of this technique. rTMS depression trials conducted through early 2006 are included in this review, which focuses mainly on the results of published sham-controlled studies, literature reviews and meta-analyses. Trials published so far have been characterized by the use of a great variety of stimulation parameters, study designs, questionable sham controls, small sample sizes and heterogeneously depressed populations, all of which have made comparisons between studies difficult. Meta-analyses of 2-week rTMS sham-controlled studies support, for the most part, the antidepressant effects of rTMS which are statistically superior to sham. However, the degree of clinical improvement remains small, although greater efficacy has been shown with longer treatment courses and predictors of response to rTMS are progressively being identified. rTMS is a promising antidepressant treatment with overall minor adverse effects. Because the clinical efficacy of rTMS as an antidepressant remains questionable, further systematic, large-scale multicenter studies comparing rTMS to a sham and/or to an antidepressant medication along with more stringent stimulation parameters are warranted in order to identify patient populations most likely to benefit and treatment parameters most likely to optimize its antidepressant efficacy. © 2006 Elsevier Masson SAS. All rights reserved.
The cost-effectiveness of lamotrigine in the maintenance treatment of adults with bipolar I disorder$$$ OBJECTIVE: To present an economic model and cost-effectiveness estimates for lamotrigine in maintenance treatment of bipolar I disorder (BD-I) using outcomes from the pivotal lamotrigine trials. The main comparator treatments in the pivotal trials were lithium and "no maintenance" (acute-only) treatment. A comparison with olanzapine was included as an indirect analysis following publication of data during the course of our research. METHODS: A Markov model was built around the 3 health states of euthymia, mania, and depression. The base-case model simulates a cohort of 1,000 patients with BD-I who have recently stabilized after resolution of a bipolar mania episode. The cohort was modeled for a period of 18 months. Resource-use estimates were derived from best available published data, treatment guidelines, a physician survey, and published unit cost data. Outputs were measured in terms of costs per acute mood episode avoided, costs per euthymic day gained, and costs per quality-adjusted life-years (QALYs). Direct health care payer costs are used in the analyses. RESULTS: The base-case model for patients with a recent manic episode indicated that lamotrigine is the most effective treatment for avoiding both acute depression episodes and all types of acute episodes (depression and mania). It is also the most effective treatment in terms of number of euthymic days achieved (309 days per patient per year). Olanzapine is most effective for avoiding acute mania episodes. Total direct costs of treatment are lowest for the lithium treatment arm ($8,710 per patient for the 18-month period). All maintenance therapies were cost effective compared with the no-maintenance (acute-only treatment) arm. In the base case, lamotrigine had incremental cost-effectiveness ratios of $30 per euthymic day and $2,400 per acute episode avoided compared with lithium. A QALY analysis indicated that lamotrigine is cost effective in patients with a recent manic episode at $26,000 per QALY. The base-case model indicated that lamotrigine dominates olanzapine, (that is, lamotrigine costs less and is more effective than olanzapine) in patients with a recent manic episode. In a sensitivity analysis using outcomes from the pivotal trial of recently depressed patients, lamotrigine, in comparison with lithium, was not shown to be as cost effective as in the recently manic patients, but it was still cost effective compared with no maintenance treatment. CONCLUSIONS: For a defined cohort of patients with BD-I, the pharmacoeconomic model indicated that prevention of mood episodes with lithium and lamotrigine is cost effective in patients with a recent manic, mixed, or hypomanic episode. The conclusions with respect to the indirect comparison with olanzapine should be validated if and when direct trial data become available. Cost-effectiveness of maintenance treatments for patients with BD-I (recently depressed as well as recently manic) are likely to improve in models with a broader costing perspective and that take a longer time frame. Further research into the outcome implications of health-related quality of life and other BD subgroups are recommended. Copyright© 2006, Academy of Managed Care Pharmacy. All rights reserved.
Maintenance electroconvulsive therapy in elderly psychotic unipolar depression$$$ BACKGROUND AND OBJECTIVE: This study was designed to assess the safety and efficacy of continuation/maintenance etectroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in elderly psychotic major depressed patients after ECT remission. PATIENTS AND METHOD: Using a longitudinal randomized single-blind design, we compared the two-year outcome of two subgroups of psychotic unipolar depressed elderly patients who were ECT remitters: one treated with a maintenance nortriptyline regimen (n = 13) and one treated with combined maintenance ECT plus nortriptyline (n = 6). RESULTS: During 2 years of maintenance treatment in elderly psychotic unipolar depressed ECT remitters, relapse/recurrence rates were significantly higher in the nortriptyline subgroup than in the combined ECT plus nortriptyline subgroup. The tolerability of both treatments was similar. CONCLUSIONS: This study supports the use of combined maintenance ECT and antidepressant treatment in elderly psychotic unipolar depressed patients who are ECT remitters.
Clinical methodology and its implications for the study of therapeutic interventions for chronic fatigue syndrome: A commentary$$$ Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) is a complex, multisymptom illness of unknown etiology. A variety of operational case definitions based on symptom report have been developed that share some common clinical features. Patients often come to clinical presentation after months or, more typically, years of symptomatic distress. Comorbid presentation with psychiatric illnesses has been noted. Due to these fundamental issues, the impact of patient selection and the specification of the methods of outcome assessment loom large in therapeutic studies of CFS. While a substantial body of research has focused on increasing our understanding of the basic pathobiology of CFS, there have been comparatively fewer studies that have addressed the problems of patient characterization and outcome assessment. The role of clinical methodology in the study of the therapeutics of CFS is not trivial, and may confound our understanding of pragmatic recommendations for treatment. © 2006 Future Medicine Ltd.
Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation in Adolescent Depression$$$ Objective: There are few safe and effective biological treatments for major depression in adolescents. We aimed to report the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment for adolescents with this condition. Methods: The first two subjects in a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of rTMS that is evaluating the efficacy and safety of rTMS in depressed adolescents are described. Clinical response was assessed at baseline and at the end of each week. The following scales were used: Montgomery– Asberg Depression Rating Scale, Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale, Beck Depression Inventory and Centre for Epidemiological Studies – Depression – Child Scale. A battery of cognitive tests was also used at several intervals to measure potential change in neuropsychological functioning. Results: Random allocation of both subjects was to active treatment. Both subjects improved to a clinically significant degree with rTMS treatment and reported no adverse effects. Neuropsychological testing did not demonstrate any deterioration in the domains of functioning tested. Conclusions: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation shows early promise as a treatment for major depression in adolescents. Well-designed, sham-controlled studies are now indicated to test the efficacy and safety of rTMS in these patients.
Safety and efficacy of oral slow release morphine for maintenance treatment in heroin addicts: A 6-month open noncomparative study$$$ This open-label, noncomparative, single-center trial evaluated the safety and efficacy of once-daily treatment with slow release oral morphine (SROM) capsules for the maintenance treatment of 20 outpatients with heroin dependency over 6 months at the National Institute for Addictions in Sofia, Bulgaria. Doses were individually titrated up to a mean daily maintenance dose of 760 mg (range 440-1,200 mg). SROM was effective in significantly reducing the signs and symptoms of opioid withdrawal and craving for heroin, with stabilization generally evident within two weeks. Nineteen patients completed 6 months of treatment and illicit opioid use was virtually eliminated. One patient withdrew voluntarily at 22 weeks. Validated questionnaires and tests indicated improvements in patients' well-being from baseline assessments. These included significant improvements with regard to suicidal depression (85%), anxiety and dysphoria (66%), general illness (58%), social dysfunction (54%), sense of hopelessness (34%), attention (25%), and self-reported typical depressive (27%) and disease-related (11%) symptoms. No deaths, serious adverse events, or withdrawals due to adverse events occurred. Five episodes of constipation and one episode of sweating (all nonserious and of mild or moderate severity) were reported. Vital signs were unaffected by SROM and no weight change was evident over the study period. The observations made in this study indicate a promising role for once-daily treatment with SROM in the clinical management of heroin dependency. Copyright © 2006 S. Karger AG.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in adolescent depression$$$ Objective: There are few safe and effective biological treatments for major depression in adolescents. We aimed to report the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment for adolescents with this condition. Methods: The first two subjects in a double-blind, sham-controlled trial of rTMS that is evaluating the efficacy and safety of rTMS in depressed adolescents are described. Clinical response was assessed at baseline and at the end of each week. The following scales were used: Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, Clinical Global Impression-Severity Scale, Beck Depression Inventory and Centre for Epidemiological Studies-Depression - Child Scale. A battery of cognitive tests was also used at several intervals to measure potential change in neuropsychological functioning. Results: Random allocation of both subjects was to active treatment. Both subjects improved to a clinically significant degree with rTMS treatment and reported no adverse effects. Neuropsychological testing did not demonstrate any deterioration in the domains of functioning tested. Conclusions: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation shows early promise as a treatment for major depression in adolescents. Well-designed, sham-controlled studies are now indicated to test the efficacy and safety of rTMS in these patients. © 2006 Blackwell Science Asia Pty Ltd.
Increased positive emotional memory after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation over the orbitofrontal cortex$$$ Objective: Several studies have demonstrated increased left orbitofrontal cortex (OFC) activity during negative and depressed mood. These mood states have also been associated with reduced memory for positive emotional stimuli. The aim of the present study was to investigate whether slow, inhibitory repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the left OFC would improve memory for positive material. Methods: We carried out a study with a double-blind, within-subjects design, in which 12 healthy volunteers received 20 minutes of slow rTMS over the left OFC, placebo treatment over the left OFC and rTMS over the left dorsolateral portion of the prefrontal cortex. Effects on memory for fearful and happy faces were investigated. Results: Memory for happy faces was significantly improved after rTMS over the left OFC compared with placebo (t10 = 2.4, p = 0.037). Conclusions: These findings suggest a role of the OFC in positive emotional memory, which is in accordance with neuroimaging and neuropsychological data. It may be argued that dense projections from the OFC to the limbic emotional circuit are involved in emotional memory and, therefore, play a role in the effects of rTMS that we observed. © 2006 CMA Media Inc.
Is ECT cost-effective? A critique of the National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence's report on the economic analysis of ECT$$$ The report of the National Institute of Health and Clinical Excellence (NICE) on the economic analysis of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) concludes that ECT and pharmacotherapy are "likely to be equally cost-effective" in the treatment of major depression. However, this economic analysis is acknowledged by the NICE report to be "crude and based on a number of uncertain assumptions." An evaluation by the Health Technology Assessment Committee of the National Coordinating Centre for Health Technology Assessment, commissioned and funded on behalf of NICE, provides a detailed cost comparison of ECT and pharmacotherapy in the treatment of major depression [Greenhalgh, Health Technol Assess, 9 (9) (2005) 1-156]. The Health Technology Assessment Committee analyzed data from separate studies of the efficacy of antidepressants and ECT. However, these data included few randomized controlled trials directly comparing the cost-effectiveness of ECT and medication in treatment-resistant depression. In the limited number of trials included in the report, there was a bias in favor of medication. For example, compared with the antidepressant trials, the ECT trials included more patients who had comorbid psychosis and treatment-resistant depression and would therefore have a more difficult treatment of depression. The Committee also evaluated data to determine that the relapse rate after pharmacological treatment is approximately 3 times the relapse rate after ECT. Although the report provides a format for analyzing the cost-effectiveness of ECT and recommends future directions for research, the conclusions reached by the Committee are relatively limited and should not be used as a template for future public policy. © 2006 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
GABAB receptor: A site of therapeutic benefit$$$ Although the presence of functional GABAB receptors in mammalian brain has been known for more than 20 years, there is still only one therapeutic agent in use, baclofen, which mediates its effects directly via this receptor. However, activation of this receptor can produce numerous effects that might be amenable to drug development. Evidence from preclinical studies also suggests that antagonism of the GABAB receptor produces beneficial clinical effects. © 2006 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Two-week delay in onset of action of antidepressants: New evidence$$$ Many sources purport that antidepressants have a delayed onset of action, measured in weeks rather than days. Recent data using weekly or daily mood ratings demonstrate that maximum improvement occurs during the first 2 weeks, with some improvement within the first 3 days. Methodological issues may underlie the delayed-onset hypothesis.
The role of COX-2 inhibitors in the perioperative setting: Efficacy and safety - A systematic review$$$ A new class of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) selective for cyclooxygenase-2 (COX-2) offers new options for managing perioperative pain. However, new and conflicting data have emerged regarding all nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs, including those selective for COX-2. The data highlight the potential for increased risks of adverse cardiovascular events associated with all NSAIDs and of potential serious skin reactions and gastrointestinal bleeding with specific agents. As of June 2005, the National Institutes of Health and Food and Drug Administration suspended all clinical trials involving NSAIDs. This article reviews 30 prospective studies on the role of COX-2 selective inhibitors in the perioperative setting. The studies examined a variety of variables, including efficacy, perioperative opioid reduction, and effects on platelet aggregation and renal function. The data reveal an overall reduction in postoperative opioid use and significant patient satisfaction with perioperative COX-2 use, no effect on platelet aggregation, and a minor negative effect on renal function. The literature suggests that perioperative use of selective COX-2 inhibitors can be well tolerated and efficacious in carefully selected patient groups. Further data are needed to fully examine the role of these drugs in the perioperative setting. Intensive research into cardiovascular issues surrounding all NSAIDs is warranted.
Imipramine is effective in preventing relapse in electroconvulsive therapy-responsive depressed inpatients with prior pharmacotherapy treatment failure: A randomized, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Objective: To compare the efficacy of imipramine versus placebo in preventing relapse after successful electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressive inpatients with pharmacotherapy treatment failure prior to ECT. Method: During a 6-month period, the incidence of relapse was assessed. Two centers, both inpatient units for treatment of depressed patients, participated in this trial. Patients with DSM-IV-diagnosed major depressive disorder resistant to an antidepressant and subsequent lithium addition and/or a monoamine oxidase inhibitor were included. Patients were randomly assigned to double-blind treatment with imipramine with adequate plasma levels (N = 12) or placebo (N = 15) after successful ECT. The mean imipramine dosage was 209 mg/day (standard deviation: 91.7, range: 75-325 mg/day). The main outcome measure was relapse defined as at least "moderately worse" compared with baseline score on the Clinical Global Impressions-Improvement scale. Treatments were compared with survival analysis using the Cox proportional hazards model, including psychotic features and the score on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) at baseline as prespecified covariables. Patients were enrolled in the study from April 1997 to July 2001. Results: In the placebo group, 80% (12/15) of the patients relapsed compared with 18% (2/11) in the imipramine group. The Cox regression analysis showed a significant reduction in the risk of relapse of 85.6% with imipramine compared to placebo (p = .007; 95% confidence interval [CI] = 24.6% to 97.2%) adjusted for the covariables. There was an 18% increase in the relapse rate (p = .032; 95% CI = 2% to 36%) per unit increase in HAM-D score before the start of the trial; psychotic features had no significant effect (p = .794). Conclusions: Depressed patients with pharmacotherapy treatment failure may benefit from the prophylactic effect of the same class of drug during maintenance therapy after response to ECT.
Recent progress in pharmacological and non-pharmacological treatment options of major depression$$$ In spite of recent progress in the pharmacotherapy of depression major issues are still unresolved. These include the non-response rate of approximately 30% to conventional antidepressant pharmacotherapy, side effects of available antidepressants and the latency of several weeks until clinical improvement. The only non-pharmacological biological treatment options available so far which exert more rapid antidepressant efficacy are electroconvulsive therapy and, as an augmentation strategy, sleep deprivation. Current pharmacological treatments aim to enhance serotonergic and/or noradrenergic neurotransmission. In spite of emerging knowledge, the crucial mechanisms underlying both non-pharmacological treatments, which are responsible for antidepressant efficacy, are not yet clear so far. In the meantime several new pharmacological principles are under investigation with regard to their putative antidepressant potency. These include 5-HT1A receptor agonists, tachykinin receptor antagonists and various interventions within the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal system. While there is evidence for antidepressant properties of these new treatments in animal studies, in case series, in open studies and to some degree also in placebo controlled studies, no definite proof for the antidepressant efficacy of these new pharmacological strategies according to the requirements for evaluation of antidepressant drugs has been furnished so far. In contrast, for the established non-pharmacological treatment strategies including bright light therapy the clinical efficacy has been proven at least in subgroups of depression, but more knowledge of the main mechanisms underlying their antidepressant efficacy is still necessary. In addition new non-pharmacological treatments like repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, magnetic seizure therapy and Vagus nerve stimulation are currently under development. Nevertheless, a follow-up of both the new pharmacological strategies and non-pharmacological treatment options is of major importance to provide even better strategies for the clinical management of depression, which also is of great socio-economic impact. © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
Pindolol augmentation of antidepressant response$$$ Pindolol, a partial β-adrenoceptor/5-HT1A receptor antagonist was first used to accelerate the onset of action of antidepressant drugs in 1994. Since then, it has been used in more than a dozen controlled trials to examine whether it can reduce the lag to clinical improvement, and/or improve the clinical response in treatment-resistant patients. A recent metaanalysis concluded that pindolol accelerates the antidepressant response but does not increase the effectiveness of SSRIs in unresponsive patients. Several studies have examined the pharmacology of pindolol to clarify the neurobiological basis of its clinical action. Pindolol was initially used due to its ability to block 5-HT1A receptor-mediated responses and to enhance the neurochemical effects of SSRIs. In transfected cells, however, pindolol is a weak (20-25%) partial agonist at 5-HT1A receptors and, as such, its actions greatly depend on the system used. In line with this, other reports have also shown that pindolol can reduce serotonergic cell firing when given alone. Positron emission tomography (PET) scan studies have shown that pindolol displays a preferential occupancy of pre- vs. postsynaptic 5-HT1A receptors, although the overall occupancy is lower than desirable, which suggests that higher doses (e.g., 15 mg/day) may be more effective than the currently used 7.5 mg daily dosage. However, given the complex pharmacology of pindolol, it is hoped that new developments in this field can proceed through the use of a) selective and silent 5-HT1A receptor antagonists in combination with SSRIs, or b) dual action agents (SSRI + 5-HT1A receptor blockers). © 2006 Bentham Science Publishers Ltd.
High (20-Hz) and low (1-Hz) frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation as adjuvant treatment in medication-resistant depression$$$ Studies of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in depression have found antidepressant effects when high frequency stimulation (HF-rTMS; > 1 Hz) is applied over the left prefrontal cortex (LPF). A few studies have also reported success with low frequency stimulation (LF-rTMS) to the right prefrontal cortex (RPF). Both HF-rTMS and LF-rTMS have been reported to work better in areas with cerebral hypometabolism or hypermetabolism, respectively. Thirty medication-resistant patients with major depression were randomized into three groups. The first group received sham rTMS and the second group received active rTMS (20-Hz rTMS to the LPF and 1-Hz rTMS to the RPF). The third group, however, received active rTMS that was focused on different regions of the brain after examination with single photon emission computed tomography (20-Hz rTMS to an area of relatively low activity and 1-Hz rTMS to an area showing relatively high activation). Patients and raters were blind to the treatment condition. Comparison of the sham rTMS group with the overall group that received active rTMS revealed statistically significant changes on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression after 10 sessions. This study demonstrated that combined 20 + 1-Hz rTMS was effective, but no additional advantages were obtained by focusing rTMS on areas identified by single photon emission tomography as showing high versus low levels of functional activity. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
A controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant major depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) as a treatment for depression has shown statistically significant effects, but the clinical significance of these effects has been questioned. Methods: Patients with medication-resistant depression were randomized to receive 15 sessions of active or sham repetitive TMS delivered to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 110% the estimated prefrontal cortex threshold. Each session consisted of 32 trains of 10 Hz repetitive TMS delivered in 5-second trains. The primary end point was treatment response defined as a <50% decrease in Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) score at both 1 and 2 weeks following the final repetitive TMS treatment. Remission was defined as a HDRS score <8. Results: The response rate for the TMS group was 30.6% (11/35), significantly (p = .008) greater than the 6.1% (2/33) rate in the sham group. The remission rate for the TMS group was 20% (7/35), significantly (p = .033) greater than the 3% (1/33) rate in the sham group. The HDRS scores showed a significantly (p < .002) greater decrease over time in the TMS group compared with the sham group. Conclusions: Transcranial magnetic stimulation can produce statistically and clinically significant antidepressant effects in patients with medication-resistant major depression. © 2005 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Depression, chronic fatigue syndrome, and fibromyalgia: An update$$$ Centers for Disease Control criteria for chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) specifically recognize that patients can have both CFS and depression. The clinician's challenge is to judge for each individual patient whether the complaint of fatigue is primarily depression, physical illness, such as CFS, or a combination of both. This review differentiates CFS and fibromyalgia, discussed as "chronic fatigue syndrome and related immune deficiency syndromes" (CFIDS), from depression in terms of physical signs, symptoms, biological parameters, brain imaging, immunology, and treatment. The review focuses on practical applications of research findings with a further focus on future ability to show clear biologic separation and specific treatment. When depressive symptoms exist with those of CFS, accurate differentiation can usually be accomplished by focusing on diagnostic criteria. Presence of multiple physical signs and symptoms of CFIDS may be of great value. In terms of laboratory testing, a single helpful test may be measuring the plasma cortisol, which is usually high in depression and low in CFS. Future research should focus on the combination of plasma cortisol with an index of serotonin function, which is high in CFIDS and low in depression. Additional research should focus on neuroimaging and immune differentiation. Combination of multiple tests should result in a significant and clinically useful separation between CFIDS and major depressive disorder (MDD). In treating patients with significant depression or MDD with CFIDS, one should think of the noradrenergic approach using bupropion or low-dose tricyclic antidepressants in combination with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor, especially sertraline, to aid improvement of global, pain, and immunologic parameters. Alternatively, serotonin norepinephrine reuptake inhibitors (venlafaxine and duloxetine) should be considered. Future treatment research should focus on larger placebo-controlled, double-blind trials of these and other antidepressants as well as the evaluation of psychostimulants, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS). © Copyright by The Haworth Press, Inc. All rights reserved.
The future of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) in psychiatric treatment$$$ Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are widely prescribed and widely regarded as a first-line treatment for depression. Yet, a growing body of evidence indicates that these agents are only moderately more effective than placebo in treating major depressive disorder. In recent years, it has been debated whether SSRIs offer any clinically meaningful advantage over placebos. As part of this debate, it has been argued that these agents are first-line treatments for some forms of depression but not necessarily for others. The present paper examines two hypotheses that are central to these issues. The first hypothesis is that SSRIs are more effective than placebo for some types of depression but not for others. The second is that SSRIs are more effective than psychotherapies for some types of depression than others. A review of the empirical literature reveals three main classifications of depression that are relevant to the first hypothesis: (a) more vs. less severe depression, (b) melancholic vs. non-melancholic depression, and (c) depression defined according to associated genetic factors (particularly the long vs. short allele of the serotonin transporter gene promoter). There is no strong or consistent support for (a) or (b). There is, however, emerging and consistent evidence for (c), and so the first hypothesis is tentatively supported, but only for (c). Most of the empirical evidence does not support the second hypothesis. Psychotherapies (cognitive-behavioral and interpersonal therapies) and SSRIs generally have equivalent efficacy, regardless of the severity of depression. The research literature also suggests a third hypothesis that remains to be evaluated: that SSRIs are more effective for treating anxiety disorders (and possibly other disorders) than they are for treating depression. If that hypothesis is supported by subsequent research, then the future of SSRIs may lie largely in the treatment of anxiety disorders, and in the management of particular subtypes of depression. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Personality disorder and the outcome of depression: Meta-analysis of published studies$$$ Background: There is conflicting evidence about the influence of personality disorder on outcome in depressive disorders. Aims: Meta-analysis of studies in which a categorical assessment of personality disorder or no personality disorder was made in people with depressive disorders, and categorical outcome (recovered/not recovered) also determined. Method: Systematic electronic search of the literature for relevant publications. Hand searches of Journal of Affective Disorders and recent reviews, with subsequent meta-analysis of selected studies. Results: Comorbid personality disorder with depression was associated with a doubling of the risk of a poor outcome for depression compared with no personality disorder (random effects model OR=2.18, 95% Cl 1.70-2.80), a robust finding maintained with only Hamilton-type depression criteria at outcome (OR=2.20, 95% Cl 1.61-3.01). All treatments apart from electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) showed this poor outcome, and the ECT group was small. Conclusions: Combined depression and personality disorder is associated with a poorer outcome than depression alone.
A double-blind sham controlled study of right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS): Therapeutic and cognitive effect in medication free unipolar depression during 4 weeks$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has become a therapeutic tool in psychiatric diseases. Methodology: The objective was to evaluate the efficacy of TMS in unipolar depression: the percentage of responders (> 50% HDRS reduction) and remission (HDRS score ≤ 8, after four weeks of active TMS treatment in depressed patients free of any antidepressive agent versus placebo-TMS. Results: 27 patients were randomized in two groups: rTMS (N = 11) versus sham TMS (N = 16). Statistical differences were detected between sham and TMS treated groups on remission (0 / 16 versus 4 / 11 p = 0.032, 1 / 16 versus 6 / 11 0.028 and 1 / 16 versus 7 / 11 p = 0.011 at day 14, day 21 and day 28, respectively) and on response (2 / 16 versus 5 / 11 at day 14 (NS), 2 / 16 versus 7 / 11 p = 0.0115 at day 21 and 1 / 16 versus 7 / 11 (p = 0.025) day 28, respectively, using the exact Fisher test). Significant differences were observed between day 1 versus day 8 (p < 0.01), day 15, day 21 and day 28 (p < 0.001) in TMS group and only versus day 21 (p < 0.01) and day 28 (p < 0.05) for the sham group. ANOVA comparison between TMS and sham groups was significant at day 14 and day 28 (p < 0.05). Limitations: The few number of patients. Conclusion: Our study has shown an efficacy of right rTMS in free medication unipolar depression over a month. Nevertheless, number of patients included is limited and multicentric studies will be necessary to specify the antidepressive action of TMS. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
A randomized, controlled trial of sequential bilateral repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Objective: High-frequency left-side repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and low-frequency stimulation to the right prefrontal cortex have both been shown to have antidepressant effects, but doubts remain about the magnitude of previously demonstrated treatment effects. The authors evaluated sequentially combined high-frequency left-side rTMS and low-frequency rTMS to the right prefrontal cortex for treatment-resistant depression. Method: The authors conducted a 6-week double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial in 50 patients with treatment-resistant depression. Three trains of low-frequency rTMS to the right prefrontal cortex of 140 seconds' duration at 1 Hz were applied daily, followed immediately by 15 trains of 5 seconds' duration of high-frequency left-side rTMS at 10 Hz. Sham stimulation was applied with the coil angled at 45° from the scalp, resting on the side of one wing of the coil. The primary outcome variable was the score on the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale. Results: There was a significantly greater response to active than sham stimulation at 2 weeks and across the full duration of the study. A significant proportion of the study group receiving active treatment met response (11 of 25 [44%]) or remission (nine of 25 [36%]) criteria by study end compared to the sham stimulation group (two of 25 [8%] and none of 25 respectively). Conclusions: Sequentially applying both high-frequency left-side rTMS and low-frequency rTMS to the right prefrontal cortex, has substantial treatment efficacy in patients with treatment-resistant major depression. The treatment response accumulates to a clinically meaningful level over 4 to 6 weeks of active treatment.
Self-reported medication treatment adherence among veterans with bipolar disorder$$$ Objective: Treatment nonadherence has been identified as an understudied, yet frequent, cause of relapse among patients with bipolar disorder. This study evaluated factors related to treatment adherence. Methods: This study was a cross-sectional analysis of patient characteristics, features of the patient-provider relationship, and barriers to care as they related to self-reported treatment adherence among veterans with bipolar disorder. Data were collected before patients were randomly assigned to treatment in a multicenter trial. Participants were enrolled in the study from 1997 to 2000. Results: This analysis found that individuals with bipolar disorder who were adherent to medication (N=113) differed from those who were not (N=71) on patient characteristics and variables related to the patient-provider relationship. Individuals with bipolar disorder who were not adherent to medication were more likely than those who were adherent to have a current substance use disorder. A past substance use disorder was not associated with treatment nonadherence. Adherence to medication was not predicted by symptoms, overall health status, functional level, or gender. Individuals who were adherent to medication took a greater number of different medications than those who were nonadherent. Conclusions: Treatment adherence is a multidimensional entity and includes not only patient characteristics but also factors related to patient-provider interactions. Therapeutic approaches that address or incorporate an individual's comorbid conditions and are able to optimize intensity of treatment may have the greatest effect on treatment adherence attitudes and behaviors.
Advances in neuropsychiatry: Clinical implications$$$ In this review of recent advances in the sub-specialty, we briefly discuss the current understanding of causes, presentations and evidence-based treatment of the most common disorders seen in clinical neuropsychiatry. Traumatic and acquired brain injury, epilepsy, multiple sclerosis, Parkinson's and Huntington's disease, sleep disorders and delirium are all considered, focusing on the most contentious issues and practical approaches to management and treatment.
Evaluation of a single-dose, extended-release epidural morphine formulation for pain after knee arthroplasty$$$ Background: DepoDur is a single-dose, extended-release epidural morphine formulation designed to provide forty-eight hours of pain relief. The drug offers potential advantages over continuous epidural infusions, particularly in patients being treated with anticoagulation therapy. The purpose of this study was to evaluate the efficacy and safety of single-dose epidural DepoDur for pain control following knee arthroplasty. Methods: In this multicenter, randomized, double-blind, parallel-group study, patients were randomized to receive a single-dose of DepoDur (20 or 30 mg) or a sham epidural injection thirty minutes before administration of general or regional anesthesia for knee arthroplasty. At their first request for postoperative analgesia, patients who had received DepoDur were given an intravenous bolus of hydromorphone followed by placebo patient-controlled analgesia. Patients who had received the sham epidural were given an intravenous bolus of morphine followed by patient-controlled analgesia with morphine. Patient ratings of pain intensity at rest and with activity, their rating of overall pain control, and postoperative opioid use were recorded. The ability to tolerate physical therapy, the range of motion of the knee, and the need for physical support were assessed as well. Adverse events and vital signs were recorded. Results: Of 168 patients randomized to receive the 20-mg injection of DepoDur, the 30-mg injection of DepoDur, or the sham epidural injection, fifty-one, fifty-eight, and fifty-five patients, respectively, were included in the efficacy analysis. Compared with the patients treated with intravenous patient-controlled analgesia with morphine, the patients treated with DepoDur had significantly reduced mean pain-intensity-recall scores during the four to eight, four to twelve, four to twenty-four, and four to thirty-hour postdose intervals (p < 0.05 for all comparisons). The patients treated with DepoDur used approximately a threefold lower amount of postoperative opioids in total, with a significant percentage requiring no supplemental opioids. Adverse events common to all groups were nausea (78%), pyrexia (46%), vomiting (43%), pruritus (43%), and hypotension (36%). Respiratory depression was the most common serious adverse event, with serious respiratory depression observed in four DepoDur-treated patients, who were more than sixty-five years of age. Conclusions: With appropriate patient selection and monitoring, perioperative single-dose epidural DepoDur was a safe and effective analgesic alternative to postoperative intravenous patient-controlled analgesia following knee arthroplasty, with younger patients benefiting from the 20-mg dose. Additional studies of 10 to 15-mg doses for older patients are warranted. Level of Evidence: Therapeutic Level I. Copyright ©2006 by The Journal of Bone and Joint Surgery, Incorporated.
Unstable angina and non-ST-segment myocardial infarction: An evidence-based approach to management$$$ Unstable angina (UA) and non-ST-segment elevation myocardial infarction (NSTEMI) represent two common, closely related acute coronary syndromes with potentially high morbidity and mortality. Integration of information from the history, physical exam, electrocardiogram, and cardiac biomarkers is used to formulate both the diagnosis of UA/NSTEMI and the overall assessment of patient prognosis and risk. Early diagnosis and risk stratification of patients with UA/NSTEMI enable the physician to initiate timely, appropriate treatment. (There is strong clinical evidence supporting the tailoring of specific therapies to the risk profile of the patient.). In recent years, powerful new medical and invasive therapies have been developed. Pharmaceutical agents for UA/NSTEMI may be broadly grouped into one of three categories: anti-ischemic, anti-platelet, and anti-thrombotic agents. Standard therapy for UA/NSTEMI has commonly included oxygen, aspirin, nitrates, morphine, beta-blockers and heparin. Potent new anti-platelet agents, including inhibitors of platelet adenosine diphosphate and glycoprotein IIb/IIIa receptors, play important, expanding roles in the management of these syndromes. Low-molecular-weight heparins have been shown to be an effective alternative to unfractionated heparin in their treatment. Major advances in invasive techniques and devices over the last decade include revascularization with percutaneous coronary intervention and drug-eluting intracoronary stents. Strong interest exists in studying the potential benefits and risks associated with an early invasive therapeutic strategy rather than an aggressive medical regimen for patients with UA/NSTEMI. As new treatments are rapidly added to our growing arsenal of management options, clinicians are constantly challenged with incorporating complex new information and guidelines into their practices in a timely fashion. To assist clinicians with this challenge, this article will review the evidence to support the use of current therapeutic options for UA/NSTEMI, with an emphasis on summarizing the most recent clinical guidelines jointly published by the American College of Cardiology and the American Heart Association. © The Mount Sinai Journal of Medicine.
The sham ECT literatures: Implications for consent to ECT$$$ The author reviewed the placebo-controlled literature on electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depression. No study demonstrated a significant difference between real and placebo (sham) ECT at 1 month posttreatment. Many studies failed to find a difference between real and sham ECT even during the period of treatment. Claims in textbooks and review articles that ECT is effective are not consistent with the published data. A large, properly designed study of real versus sham ECT should be undertaken. In the absence of such a study, consent forms for ECT should include statements that there is no controlled evidence demonstrating any benefit from ECT at 1 month posttreatment. Consent forms should also state that real ECT is only marginally more effective than placebo. © 2006 Springer Publishing Company.
Experience with the synthetic cannabinoid nabilone in chronic noncancer pain$$$ Chronic noncancer pain includes a heterogenous group of disorders and is often refractory to treatment. Cannabis products have historically been used for chronic pain and are attracting renewed pharmaceutical interest. Nabilone is a synthetic cannabinoid licensed in Canada for the treatment of severe nausea and vomiting associated with cancer chemotherapy. We have used nabilone off-label for the treatment of chronic noncancer pain since 1999. In this article, we review our clinical experience of 20 adult patients with chronic noncancer pain who had been treated with nabilone and followed up for an average of 1.5 years. Prior to nabilone therapy, patients had used a wide range of therapies, including 11 who had used cannabis. Fifteen patients reported subjective overall improvement with nabilone, and nine reported reduced pain intensity. Beneficial effects on sleep and nausea were the main reasons for continuing use. Intolerable side effects were experienced in three patients (palpitations, urinary retention, dry mouth). Nabilone may be a useful addition to pain management and should be further evaluated in randomized controlled trials. © 2006 American Academy of Pain Medicine.
The "NICE Guideline" on the treatment of depression$$$ The National Institute of Clinical Excellence (NICE) in the UK is responsible for producing evidence based guidelines for the treatment of most common illnesses, both physical and psychological. NICE uses a hierarchy of evidence, ranging from data from meta-analyses of randomised controlled trials (RCT's) at the apex, to the opinions of acknowledged experts at the bottom. The task of preparing guideline for depression involved us in performing clean meta-analyses of around 8,000 published RCTs of the treatment of this disorder. Where drug treatments were concerned we used three indicators of efficacy, as well as considering toxicity, tolerability and cost. We also distinguished between studies carried out in primary care, and studies in patients treated by the mental health services. We found it helpful to arrange our report in terms of a "stepped care" model, addressing the indications for patients being referred on for more specialised, and expensive, treatments. In the full guideline we included our doubts that depression was a homogenous clinical entity, and our awareness of the limitations of relying on randomised controlled trials (RCT's) as the only source of evidence. This Editorial summarises the content of the guideline on the treatment of depression and discusses how it was received and also what it did not say.
Intrathecal ziconotide in the treatment of chronic nonmalignant pain: A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical trial$$$ Objective. The safety and efficacy of intrathecal (IT) ziconotide was studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Materials and Methods. Patients (169 ziconotide, 86 placebo) with severe chronic nonmalignant pain unresponsive to conventional therapy and a visual analog scale of pain intensity (VASPI score) ≥ 50 mm were treated over a 6-day period in an inpatient hospital setting. Initial starting dose was 0.4 μg/hour and was titrated to analgesia or intolerance (maximum dose 7.0 μg/hour). The starting and maximum doses were reduced to 0.1 μg/hour and 2.4 μg/hour, respectively, due to adverse events (AEs). Results. The mean percent reduction in VASPI score from baseline was 31.2% and 6.0% for ziconotide- and placebo-treated patients, respectively (p ≤ 0.001). During the initial titration phase, a significantly greater percentage of patients in the ziconotide group compared to the placebo group reported AEs, including abnormal gait, amblyopia, dizziness, nausea, nystagmus, pain, urinary retention, and vomiting. Conclusion. Ziconotide provided significant analgesia in patients for whom conventional therapy failed. However, there was a considerable incidence of ziconotide-associated AEs due to the rapid titration and high doses administered. © 2006 International Neuromodulation Society.
Combination rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment refractory depression$$$ High frequency (> 1 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the left prefrontal cortex and low frequency (≤ 1 Hz) rTMS applied to the right prefrontal cortex have shown antidepressant effects. However, the clinical significance of these effects has often been modest. It was hypothesized that a combination of these two techniques might act synergistically and result in more clinically relevant antidepressant effects. Sixty-two subjects with treatment-resistant major depression (an average of 8 failed medication trials) were randomized to receive combination right low frequency (1 Hz)/left high frequency (10 Hz) rTMS over the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 110% of the motor threshold vs sham rTMS. Subjects were treated for 2 weeks (10 weekday sessions) and received 1600 stimulations during each treatment session. Subjects receiving combination treatment were further randomized to receive different orders of treatment: right low frequency first (Slow Right) vs left high frequency first (Fast Left). There were no statistical differences in the active vs sham treatment arms in the primary outcome variable, the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). However compared with subjects in the Sham and Slow Right arms, there was a trend for subjects in the Fast Left arm to show improvement in the HDRS, the Beck Depression Inventory, and the Brief Psychotic Rating Scale with increased number of treatments. The Fast Left arm also showed significant improvement in both blinded clinician and self-ratings of global improvement. These differences were hypothesized to be due to the decreased number of failed medication trials for subjects in Fast Left arm. Neuropsychological performance was not significantly different between the sham and active rTMS arms. Future studies should increase the number of treatment sessions and focus on subjects with moderate treatment resistance. © 2006 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
The double-blind sham-controlled study of high-frequency rTMS (20Hz) for negative symptoms in schizophrenia: Negative results$$$ The high-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) over the prefrontal cortex is a promising method for the treatment of negative symptoms of schizophrenia. Using double-blind sham-controlled parallel design, we evaluated the effect of HF-rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) on negative symptoms in patients with schizophrenia. Sixteen schizophrenia patients with predominantly negative symptoms on stable antipsychotic medication were treated with 20Hz rTMS (90% of motor threshold, 2000 stimuli per session) over ten days within 2 weeks with six weeks follow-up. The effect was assessed using PANSS, CGI, MADRS and neuropsychological tests. We failed to find any significant effect of active rTMS. Sham rTMS showed a trend for improvement over time on positive and negative subscales of PANSS and MADRS. Between-group comparisons failed to reveal any significant differences on any rating scales except a positive subscale of PANSS after 8 weeks. Results from our study did not confirm that HF-rTMS over the left DLPCF affects the negative symptoms of schizophrenia and alternative rTMS approaches are discussed. © Neuroendocrinology Letters.
Burden of illness in bipolar depression$$$ Bipolar depression is the underrecognized and unappreciated phase of bipolar disorder. Nevertheless, bipolar depression is responsible for much of the morbidity and mortality associated with the disorder. Depressive symptoms are far more prevalent than hypomanic or manic symptoms in bipolar patients, and they are associated with a heavier burden of illness, including reduced functioning, increased risk of suicidal acts, and high economic costs. Because most patients with bipolar disorder present with depression, misdiagnoses of major depressive disorder are common, even typical. Comorbid psychiatric disorders are also prevalent and may obscure the diagnosis and complicate treatment strategies. Depressed patients should be carefully assessed for manic or hypomanic symptoms to help reveal possible bipolar disorder. In addition to evaluation of psychiatric symptoms, a close examination of family history, course of illness, and treatment response will aid the clinician in making an accurate diagnosis. Treatment of acute depression in bipolar patients may require therapy combining agents such as lithium, divalproex, lamotrigine, carbamazepine, and atypical antipsychotics or using such agents in combination with an antidepressant. Olanzapine/fluoxetine combination is the only medication currently approved for the treatment of bipolar depression. Antidepressant monotherapy should not be used, because there is evidence that such treatment increases the risk of switching into mania/hypomania and could induce treatment-refractory conditions such as mixed or rapid-cycling states. Maintenance therapy will be required by most patients, since discontinuation of mood stabilizers or antidepressants frequently leads to relapses in depressive symptoms. Prompt diagnosis and the use of specific therapeutic agents with evidence of efficacy may help reduce the disease burden associated with bipolar depression. © Copyright 2005 Physicians Postgraduate Press, Inc.
Treatment-resistant depression: Review of pharmacologic antidepressant strategies$$$ Objective: The aim of this study is to review eight pharmacologic antidepressant augmentation strategies in TRD. Methods: Database search on Medline, LILACS and Cochrane Library, from 1990 to June 2006 using the words treatment, resistant, refractory, depression and the medical subject headings depression, drug resistance and augmentation. Double-blind controlled trials and reviews were included. We also consulted reference of the articles in order to obtain studies and original articles of historical value from before 1990. Results: There were 17 double-blind trials with lithium, six with thyroid hormone, two with buspirone, six with pindolol one with carbamazepine, two with lamotrigine and four with olanzapine. Forty-one percent of the trials with lithium, 60% of those with thyroid hormone and tricyclics, 0% of the ones with thyroid hormone and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI), 50% of those with pindolol, 100% of those with carbamazepine and 40% of the ones with olanzapine were favorable. No trials with buspirone were favorable. The only trial with lamotrigine did not show efficacy using the main outcome measures. Otherwise, there was superiority over placebo on secondary measures. Conclusion: Only lithium and thyroid hormone showed efficacy as antidepressant augmentation strategies for TRD. Olanzapine was reasonably studied and did not prove its efficacy. There were just a few studies on buspirone and pindolol and they were not favorable to them. Carbamazepine was studied very little. Lamotrigine was not adequately evaluated.
Current state concerning TMS in depression$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) offers to be a new treatment approach for depression. In the last years, more than a hundred clinical trials and reviews associated with this topic have been published. Newer issues are maintenance treatment, augmentation strategies for pharmacologic antidepressant treatment, comparison with electroconvulsion therapy, and the treatment in older patients. However, the impact of TMS for the clinical practice remains to be subject of debate. In order to clarify this question, two multicentric studies are currently performed and are expected to be finished soon. © 2006 Schattauer GmbH.
A review of aripiprazole in the treatment of patients with schizophrenia or bipolar I disorder$$$ Aripiprazole has been approved by regulatory agencies for the treatment of schizophrenia and bipolar I disorder. Although it is a dopamine partial agonist, it also has substantial binding affinity for the serotonin 5HT2A receptor. Several double-blind randomized clinical trials have established the efficacy and tolerability of aripiprazole within the dose range of 10-30mg/day for schizophrenia, and 15-30mg/day for manic or mixed states associated with bipolar I disorder. Relatively few comparative trials with other second-generation antipsychotics have been published for schizophrenia, with none available for bipolar disorder. The evidence so far suggests that in terms of efficacy for schizophrenia, aripiprazole is superior to placebo and haloperidol (long term), similar to perphenazine and risperidone, and inferior to olanzapine. Its tolerability profile in patients with schizophrenia appears superior to haloperidol, perphenazine, risperidone, and olanzapine. Efficacy in treating manic or mixed states was established in placebo-controlled trials. Among some patients with bipolar disorder, alkathisia and gastrointestinal (GI) complaints can emerge at the start of treatment; however, the GI symptoms were time-limited in many instances. Appropriate dosing may also be important in individualizing therapy to improve tolerability, with lower starting doses becoming more important when adding to, or switching from, another antipsychotic. Aripiprazole appears to have a low propensity for weight gain, a favorable metabolic profile, and no association with hyperprolactinemia. © 2006 Dove Medical Press Limited. All rights reserved.
Long-term treatment in bipolar disorder$$$ Bipolar disorder is a lifelong illness with a course that is usually chronic or recurrent. Severity of complications is generally proportionate to the number of episodes, especially depression. In addition to potentially preventing episodes, effective treatment reduces mortality. This article reviews long-term treatment strategies for bipolar disorder, focusing on depressive episodes, and discusses treatment studies, including problems in design. Treatment effectiveness, including reduction of suicide risk, is enhanced if patients and physicians collaboratively recognize and treat prodromal symptoms, preventing the emergence of episodes. Strategies for treatment differ as one progresses from obtaining syndromal recovery in the acute episode, to functional recovery during continuation treatment, to stability during maintenance treatment. Successful long-term treatment of bipolar disorder requires integrated pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic treatments combined with a therapeutic alliance that facilitates a proactive, preventive approach to the illness.
Mood disorders and their treatment in patients with epilepsy$$$ Mood disorders in patients with epilepsy are not frequently diagnosed and not treated. Because of the high prevalence of depression and the resulting high suicide rate, precise diagnosis and effective therapy are very important. Frequently, the clinical pictures of depressive syndromes in epileptics do not correspond with those described in operationalized classification systems such as ICD-10 or DSM-IV. The incidence of depressive disorders in epileptics is estimated in the literature to be 30%-70%. Multifactorial pathogenetic models include the type of seizures, the location of the epileptic focus, and neurotransmitter dysfunctions, as well as hereditary and psychosocial influences, and negative psychotropic effects of antiepileptic drugs. Despite an insufficient number of available controlled studies, based on the current data, treatment with the newer serotonergic antidepressants can be recommended for patients with epilepsy.
The comparative effects of remifentanil or magnesium sulfate versus placebo on attenuating the hemodynamic responses after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ In this prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study we compared the effects of remifentanil or magnesium sulfate (MgSO4) versus placebo in attenuating the sympathetic response to electroconvulsive therapy. Twenty adults under-went a total of 115 anesthetics for therapeutic electro-convulsive therapy. Patients were randomly allocated twice into each of the three test groups: placebo control, MgSO4 30 mg/kg, or remifentanil 1.0 μg/kg. Systolic and diastolic arterial blood pressures, heart rate, and oxygen saturations were recorded before IV access was established. Anesthesia was induced with thiopental 4 mg/kg. The trial drug was then administered and neuromuscular blockade was followed with succinyl-choline 0.5 mg/kg before electroconvulsive therapy was performed. All measurements were repeated at O, 1, 3 and 10 min after the seizure ended. Remifentanil and MgSO4 produced a statistically significant attenuation of the increase in systolic arterial blood pressure at 0,1, and 3 min (P < 0.05). Remifentanil, but not MgSO4 or placebo, attenuated the increase in heart rate at 1 and 3 min but not the peak rate. Remifentanil increased the duration of apnea (mean 90 s), with no other adverse respiratory effects. Mean seizure duration time was 33 (± 14) s, with no difference among the groups. In conclusion, remifentanil 1.0 Mg/kg and MgSO4 30 mg/kg attenuated the systolic arterial blood pressure response to electroconvulsive therapy without reducing the duration of seizure activity. Because MgSO4 has less effect on HR, it might offer advantages over remifentanil in patients at risk for post-electroconvulsive therapy bradycardia. ©2005 by the International Anesthesia Research Society.
Evidence-based geriatric psychiatry: An overview$$$ Despite various limitations and caveats in the application of an evidence-based approach to the practice and delivery of geriatric psychiatry, the future of EBM holds tremendous promise for improving the quality and effectiveness of services provided by practitioners. Effective training of clinicians in evidence-based practices will be an essential component of mainstreaming these practices into usual care and enhancing the quality of mental health services for older adults. In translating an evidence-based approach into daily practice, clinicians will need to develop the skills to quickly access and communicate findings on treatment outcomes, while also tailoring these findings to the unique clinical situation. Finally, clinicians will need to increase their familiarity and comfort with the process of shared decisions that actively incorporates the preferences and values of individual patients. In using an evidence-based approach to improve systems of care, scientific evidence will need to be synthesized in a transparent, standardized manner so that health care organizations and systems ensure that effective practices are provided and supported. In this respect, the principles of EBM should inform implementation of EBPs and the policies for creating evidence-based health care systems. The field of geriatric psychiatry is in the early stages of embracing EBM, mostly through the promotion of selected EBPs. As evidenced by this issue, the field is beginning to synthesize evidence in the form of systematic reviews and evidence-based treatment recommendations. Procedures and workgroups are underway to identify core evidence-based practices for widespread implementation. However, the field of geriatric psychiatry is challenged by a variety of issues and inherent limitations that complicate the application of an evidence-based approach in daily clinical practice. Although great strides have been made in developing the evidence base for effective treatments of a wide spectrum of geriatric mental disorders, we are still hampered by a lack of knowledge on the best approach to implementing these practices and the supporting principles of EBM in routing practice settings. In particular, the field of geriatric psychiatry lacks adequate information needed to individually adapt findings on outcomes and risks from research studies to individual patients with different degrees of medical comorbidity, functional abilities, and cognitive capacities. Other significant challenges include how to best engage in the process of shared decision making in the context of varying levels of cognitive capacity and decision-making preference. Finally, there is an urgent need to develop effective approaches to train practitioners in the necessary skills to practice EBM and to change systems of care to effectively implement and deliver evidence-based practices. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Evidence-based psychotherapeutic interventions for geriatric depression$$$ Since 1991, when the National Institutes of Health consensus statement on the treatment of late-life depression ranked psychotherapy as the third-line treatment option, numerous articles have reviewed the evidence base for psychotherapy research in older adults and have evaluated the efficacy of psychotherapy as a treatment for late-life depression. Most of these studies have focused on the evaluation of cognitive-behavioral therapy, brief dynamic therapy, interpersonal psychotherapy, reminiscence therapy, and the combination of these interventions with medication management. This updated review systematically evaluates the evidence base for psychotherapy as an empirically supported treatment of late life depression. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Evidence-based pharmacologic interventions for geriatric depression$$$ Late-life depression is under-recognized and undertreated in older adults. Depressed older adults who are at an increased risk or undertreatment include patients older than 85 years, those with comorbid medical conditions, and older adults with cognitive impairment receiving home health care or living in nursing homes. Although the existing empirical treatment literature is limited, the available published treatment studies and expert consensus recommendations find that antidepressants are effective. In general the SSRIs and SNRIs pose a low risk for the most serious side effects. Treatment of psychotic depression has not been adequately investigated in older adults, although common practice includes treatment with an SSRI or SNRI in conjunction with an atypical antipsychotic. Treating with antidepressants augmented by psychotherapy can minimize relapse and disability in depressed patients. Continuation and maintenance treatment at an adequate dose and for an adequate length of time is critical in minimizing relapse. Empirical trials are needed that evaluate the selection and effectiveness of pharmacologic combination therapy and other treatment strategies for treatment resistant and partially responsive major depressive disorder in older adults. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
What is the effectiveness of acute hospital treatment of older people with mental disorders?$$$ Aim: To appraise the effectiveness of acute hospital service delivery in old age psychiatry. Method: A systematic literature search of the Medline, PsycINFO, CINAHL, EMBASE and Cochrane Collaboration databases was undertaken to obtain articles published in English from 1966 to May 2004 about old age psychiatry services. Articles were excluded if they did not focus on subjects over 60 years of age, did not include quantitative data on outcomes, or if the intervention was purely pharmacological or a specific non-pharmacological technique. The two authors independently assessed data quality. The overall quality of the evidence for the effectiveness of old age mental health service delivery was rated on an evidence hierarchy that has four levels of evidence. Results: Forty-six studies were identified that met our criteria. The only randomized controlled trials (RCTs) were of consultation/liaison service provision and delirium prevention and hence the best quality evidence is for interventions to prevent delirium, reduce costs and length of stay (LOS) in medical wards (level II). There is lower quality (level III/IV), albeit consistently positive, evidence that acute hospital treatment by old age psychiatry services is effective. By contrast, there is no evidence (level I) that non-psychiatric hospital medical services improve mental health outcomes. Conclusion: There are gaps in our knowledge regarding the effectiveness of acute hospital treatment of mental disorders in old age. Multicenter studies involving comparisons of day hospitals, multidisciplinary community teams and acute hospital settings (old age mental health and adult mental health, with and without post-discharge community care) are required. © 2005 International Psychogeriatric Association.
Bifrontal versus right unilateral and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy in major depressive disorder$$$ Objectives: We sought to evaluate the safety and efficacy of three electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) methods: moderate-dose bifrontal, low-dose bitemporal, and high-dose right unilateral in the treatment of a major depressive episode. Methods: In an 8-session, double-blinded parallel group study, 45 consecutive depressive patients who were referred for ECT to Noor Hospital were assigned randomly to bifrontal, moderate dose (50% above seizure threshold; n = 15); bitemporal, low dose (just above seizure threshold; n = 15); and right unilateral, high dose (400% above the seizure threshold; n = 15) ECT applications. Primary outcome measures included assessment by Mini-Mental State Examination and Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. Results: Thirty-nine of the patients completed the course of treatment. Two patients in bifrontal, 1 in bitemporal, and 3 in right unilateral dropped out of the study. The 3 groups did not show any difference in baseline characteristics. There was a significant difference between standardized Mini-Mental State scores of patients in bifrontal group compared with bitemporal and right unilateral patients (P < 0.05). The effectiveness of the 3 ECT methods, assessed by Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, did not show any significant difference (P > 0.05). Conclusion: Moderate-dose bifrontal ECT revealed fewer cognitive side effects in comparison with bitemporal and right unilateral. Moderate-dose bifrontal ECT had the same efficacy compared with low-dose bitemporal and high-dose right unilateral in the treatment of depression. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
One-year outcome of psychotic depression after successful electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Psychotic depression is thought to have a higher relapse frequency after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) compared with nonpsychotic depression, although this observation is contradicted by previous studies that have found the opposite. In this study, the 1-year risk of relapse after successful ECT was determined prospectively in patients with psychotic depression and compared with the risk of relapse observed for depressed patients without psychotic features. Method: Fifty-nine responders to ECT (a decrease in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression [HAM-D] score ≥ 50%) were followed for 1 year: 29 with and 30 without psychotic features. Relapse was defined as meeting DSM-IV criteria for major depressive disorder and a HAM-D score ≥ 16. The frequency of relapse after 4 and 12 months was compared between both samples, adjusted for the co-variables duration of the index episode and type of post-ECT pharmacotherapy. Results: At both 4 and 12 months after ECT, instances of relapse were significantly lower in patients with psychotic depression compared with nonpsychotic patients: 3/28 (11%) versus 16/27 (59%) and 4/27 (15%) versus 19/28 (68%), respectively. Conclusions: The main finding of the present study is the favorable 1-year outcome for patients with psychotic depression after response to ECT with a trend toward the same result at 4 months. The 1-year outcome of the total sample is also more favorable than expected. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Remifentanil supplementation of propofol during electroconvulsive therapy: Effect on seizure duration and cardiovascular stability$$$ Objectives: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is standard treatment of severe depression. The induction of a seizure is a core event in successful ECT. Although propofol is a frequently used anesthetic agent, one of its limitations is a reduction of seizure duration. No such effects have been reported regarding remifentanil, an ultrarapid-acting opioid that is used to induce and maintain anesthesia. The simultaneous administration of propofol and remifentanil may have similar safety and efficacy in terms of induction of anesthesia during ECT as propofol alone and significantly increase seizure duration. Methods: Twenty-one ECT patients (10 men, 11 women, aged 24 to 81 years) were recruited. Muscle paralysis was achieved with succinylcholine (0.5-0.75 mg/kg intravenously [IV]). Unconsciousness was induced by either propofol (1 mg/kg IV) or propofol (0.5 mg/kg FV) + remifentanil (1 μg/kg) in a crossover format. ECT was administered according to established clinical protocols at the Sheba Medical Center, Israel. No changes in ECT current were permitted in the 2 protocols of each patient. Statistical analysis was based on paired t tests. Results: In all but 2 cases, seizure duration was significantly longer in the remifentanil group than in the control group (motor seizure 53.7 ± 28.3 seconds vs. 29.5 ± 10.9 seconds, t = 4.017, P = 0.0007; Electroencephalographic (EEG) seizures 60.8 ± 25.1 seconds vs. 40.1 ± 17.0 seconds, t = 3.971, P = 0.001). No significant differences were found in mean recovery time, post-treatment elevation in blood pressure, heart-beat, or oxygen saturation. Conclusion: During anesthesia, the addition of remifentanil to propofol appears to be as effective as propofol alone with regard to anesthesia efficacy and cardiovascular function while significantly increasing seizure duration. Whether this discovery is of relevance to the clinical efficacy of ECT remains to be tested. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The use of opioids in the treatment of osteoarthritis: When, why, and how?$$$ As life expectancy increases every decade, the incidence and prevalence of osteoarthritis (OA) also will increase. Despite progress in our knowledge of the pathophysiology of OA, the management of OA-mediated pain continues to challenge physicians. Concern regarding the cardiovascular effects of cyclooxygenase-2 inhibitors and the gastrointestinal and renal side effects of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) in general has limited the use of these medications in the management of chronic non-cancer pain. Appropriately dosed and monitored use of opioids for OA pain, when more conservative methods have failed, has potentially fewer life-threatening complications associated with it than the more commonly and often less successfully employed pharmacotherapeutic approaches to care. When used as part of a multimodal approach to pain control, opioids are a safe and effective treatment for joint pain, including that of OA. Patients for whom NSAIDs are contraindicated, or for whom combined acetaminophen, tramadol, and NSAID therapy is ineffective, may be started on low-dose opioids and titrated as needed and tolerated. Patient education and informed consent, exercise, complementary medicine, and the use of a controlled substance agreement increases the likelihood of patient compliance with treatment guidelines, improving functional capacity and quality of life. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Cognitive therapy does not prevent a response to tryptophan depletion in patients also treated with antidepressants$$$ Background: Acute tryptophan depletion (ATD) induces depressive symptoms in remitted depressed patients treated with serotonergic medications, but not in patients treated with noradrenergic medications or electroconvulsive therapy. A recent study suggests that cognitive therapy (CT) protects against the effects of ATD, but the evidence is questionable. The present study compared the effect of ATD in patients who were treated with antidepressant medication and CT (n = 17) versus antidepressant medication alone (n = 23) during their latest episode. Methods: Forty remitted depressed patients underwent high-dose and low-dose ATD in a randomized double-blind crossover design. Results: There were no differences in response to ATD between treatment groups. This applied to groups defined by lifetime and by recent CT experience. Conclusions: Cognitive therapy does not protect against the effects of rapidly lowered plasma tryptophan levels in remitted depressed patients who are also treated with antidepressant medication. © 2005 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Extended-release epidural morphine (DepoDur™): An old drug with a new profile$$$ The FDA has recently approved a novel formulation for epidural morphine administration that allows a single injection to provide 48 hours of analgesia. This may eliminate the need for an indwelling epidural catheter in some circumstances and therefore be particularly well suited to postoperative situations where anticoagulation is required. Other uses that have been less thoroughly studied should be approached with due caution. © 2005 World Institute of Pain.
Newer treatment studies for bipolar depression$$$ Objective: Depressive symptoms of bipolar disorder have more negative impact on a patient's life than manic symptoms. This review focused on the emerging efficacy data for treatments in bipolar depression. Methods: English-language literature cited in Medline was searched with terms bipolar depression, clinical trial, and trial. Randomized, placebo-controlled trials of newer studies with older agents and all studies with newer or novel agents were prioritized. Open-label studies of novel agents presented at major scientific meetings were also included. Results: Olanzapine, olanzapine-fluoxetine combination (OFC), and quetiapine were superior to placebo in the acute treatment of bipolar depression. Lamotrigine only significantly reduced core symptoms of depression compared with placebo. Pramipexole, a dopamine D2/D3 receptor agonist and omega-3 fatty acids, a polyunsaturated fatty acid, augmentation to mood stabilizer (MS) had superiority to placebo in reducing depressive symptoms. Topiramate augmentation of an MS was equally as effective as Bupropion-SR. Patients treated with an MS responded well to the addition of agomelatine, a melatonin receptor agonist with 5-HT2C antagonist properties. However, inositol and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation did not separate from placebo. Lamotrigine and olanzapine, and to a lesser extent, divalproex, are superior to placebo in preventing depressive relapses. All agents were relatively well tolerated. Conclusions: Olanzapine, OFC, and quetiapine are effective in the acute treatment of bipolar depression. Compared with lithium and divalproex, lamotrigine is more effective in preventing bipolar depression. Larger controlled studies of the other agents in the acute and maintenance treatment of bipolar depression are warranted. © Blackwell Munksgaard, 2005.
Is dose escalation of antidepressants a rational strategy after a medium-dose treatment has failed? A systematic review$$$ Background: Maximizing the dose of antidepressants is widely recommended in cases of non-response to medium-dose treatment. However, scientific evidence supporting high-dose treatment is scarce. Systematic studies comparing dose escalation with alternative strategies for refractory depression (i. e. augmentation or change of compound) are lacking. The aim of this publication is to review available direct and indirect evidence concerning dose increase of antidepressants after a medium-dose trial has failed. Method: We performed a systematic literature search of Medline (1966-2003) and reviewed studies and publication references for available evidence. Data sources and study selection: Studies of the following types were included: 1) dose increase studies in treatment refractory patients, 2) comparative dose studies, 3) therapeutic drug monitoring studies. Results: Available data suggest differential efficacy of various pharmacological classes at more than medium-dosage. Direct evidence shows no increase of efficacy with high-dose selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) treatment; however, indirect evidence suggests enhanced therapeutic efficacy with high-dose tricyclic antidepressants. Few clinical data show ultra-high-dose treatment with the irreversible monoamine-oxidase-(MAO-) inhibitor tranylcypromine to be effective for refractory depression. Data concerning other selective compounds are insufficient to allow any definitive conclusion on the benefit of high-dose treatment. Conclusions: Based on available data high-dose antidepressant treatment of patients refractory to medium-dose treatment is recommended for tricyclic compounds but not for SSRI. Some data suggest beneficial efficacy of ultra-high doses of the irreversible MAO-I tranylcypromine. Research on other substance groups is limited and inconclusive. Prospective studies comparing dose escalation with alternative strategies for treatment of non-responding patients are needed.
The management of inappropriate vocalisation in dementia: A heirarchical approach$$$ Background: Patients with dementia can demonstrate noisy behaviours such as screaming, repetitive speech, moaning and singing. Such behaviours can be grouped under the title of "Inappropriate Vocalisation" which is used in this article to describe any noise making which impacts detrimentally upon patients, families or those in a caring role. Inappropriate vocalisation is notoriously difficult to treat and clinicians may have to rely on a "trial and error" approach when attempting to limit the distress it causes. Objectives: This paper applies a hierarchical approach to Behavioural and Psychological Symptoms of Dementia (BPSD) in attempting to tackle inappropriate vocalisation systematically. Nine steps are ranked within three stages, with evidence for each intervention being considered sequentially in terms of the likelihood for success as the authors attempt to review the relevant literature. Methods: The authors performed a search of the medline database using the key words "screaming," "shouting," "persistent vocalisation" and "inappropriate vocalisation" combined with the key word "dementia". Further searches of the references of medline generated articles revealed a second group of articles of use in this review. Results: The search generated 53 reviews, research papers, case studies or letters, 36 of which are referenced in this article and the remaining references drawn from reading by the authors around the subject and related problems. Conclusion: Interventions for inappropriate vocalisation in dementia are not limited to medication. Environmental factors and behavioural approaches are considered ahead of pharmacotherapy as the concepts of Underlying Illness, Hidden Meaning and Empirical Treatments are used to structure consideration of important, and sometimes overlooked, issues including pain, depression and overall level of stimulation. Copyright © 2005 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Does rTMS hasten the response to escitalopram, sertraline, or venlafaxine in patients with major depressive disorder? A double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial$$$ Background/Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been mainly studied as adjunctive treatment for drug-resistant patients. We assessed the effectiveness of rTMS started concomitantly with antidepressant medications in non-drug-resistant major depressive disorder patients. We also evaluated if, among the 3 antidepressants administered, one had a better synergy with rTMS. Method: In this 5-week, double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled study, we recruited 99 inpatients suffering from a major depressive episode (DSM-IV criteria). They were randomly assigned to receive venlafaxine, sertraline, or escitalopram in combination with a 2-week period of sham or active 15-Hz rTMS on the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Data were gathered from February 2004 to June 2005. Results: The active rTMS group showed a significantly faster reduction in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) scores compared with the sham group (p = .0029). The response and remission rates were significantly greater in the active rTMS group after the stimulation period (p = .002 and p = .003, respectively), but not at the endpoint. We found no significant difference in HAM-D score reduction among the 3 drugs administered, either in the active or in the sham group. Conclusion: These findings support the efficacy of rTMS in hastening the response to antidepressant drugs in patients with major depressive disorder. The effect of rTMS seems to be unaffected by the specific concomitantly administered drug.
Landiolol and esmolol prevent tachycardia without altering cerebral blood flow$$$ Purpose: Several β-adrenergic-blocking drugs have been used during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to stabilize the hemodynamic alterations following electrical stimulation. The effects of two ultra-short acting β-adrenergic-blocking drugs, esmolol and landiolol, on systemic and cerebral circulation were studied during ECT. Methods: In the first study (n = 15), dose-dependent hemodynamic changes were studied when landiolol was administered immediately after induction of anesthesia. In the second study (n = 12), effects of esmolol and landiolol on systemic and cerebral circulation were compared. Patients in Study 1 received three doses of landiolol, and patients in Study 2 received two types of β-adrenergic-blocking drugs, in a randomized crossover design in a series of ECT trials. Results: In the first study, 0.25 to 0.5 mg·kg-1 landiolol induced a lower heart rate after the electrical stimulation compared to vehicle (P < 0.01). Landiolol did not have significant effects on blood pressure. In the second study, heart rate was stabilized by 1.0 mg·kg-1 esmolol iv or 0.5 mg·kg-1 landiolol iv. Increase in mean blood pressure was ameliorated by esmolol (P < 0.01), but not by landiolol. Mean cerebral blood flow velocity in the middle cerebral artery increased at one to two minutes after the electrical stimulation regardless of the use of β-adrenergic-blocking drugs (P < 0.01). Muscular and electroencephalographic seizure durations were not significantly altered by the β-adrenergic-blocking drugs. Conclusion: Landiolol suppresses heart rate elevation during ECT without affecting blood pressure. Cerebral blood flow velocity in the middle cerebral artery is not affected by the use of either esmolol or landiolol.
The efficacy of ECT treatment in depression: a meta-analysis$$$ INTRODUCTION: The present study analyzed the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), simulated ECT and antidepressant drugs in the treatment of depression. METHOD: Randomized controlled trials with patient-based efficacy rate were statistically analyzed. Relevant literature for this review was sourced using the databases of MEDLINE for all English language articles between 1966 and 2003. Manual searching of handbooks and sourcing of secondary references extended the search. RESULTS: ECT treatment was significantly more effective in the treatment of depression than simulated ECT (9 studies, 321 patients), or antidepressant drug treatment (14 studies, 1081 patients). DISCUSSION: ECT treatment is an efficient tool in the short-term treatment of depression, and its effect is superior to antidepressant drug treatment and thus its use may be advantageous in patients suffering from severe depression with elevated suicidal risk.
Prevalence and treatment of depression in Parkinson's disease$$$ Parkinson's disease (PD) is a progressive neurological condition with debilitating symptoms, and depression is a common comorbid condition of this disease. The authors review existing literature on the prevalence and treatment of depression in PD. Prevalence estimates of depression vary widely, ranging from 7%-76%. This variation is due to inconsistent methodology. Treatment options for depression in PD include medication therapy, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and psychotherapy. There are few randomized controlled trials of these treatment options. The authors argue for more systematic and controlled research examining both the prevalence and treatment of depression in PD. Copyright © 2005 American Psychiatric Publishing, Inc.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in treatment-resistant depressed patients: A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ This 5-week, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial investigated the efficacy and tolerability of high frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) directed to the left prefrontal cortex in drug-resistant depressed patients. Fifty-four patients were randomly assigned to receive 10 daily applications of either real or sham rTMS. Subjects assigned to receive active stimulation were divided into two further subgroups according to the intensity of stimulation: 80% vs. 100% of motor threshold (MT). At study completion, the response rates were 61.1% (n = 11), 27.8% (n = 5) and 6.2% (n = 1) for the 100% MT group, 80% MT group and sham group, respectively. A significant difference (Pearson χ2 test) was found between the 100% MT and sham groups, while the 80% MT group did not differ significantly from the sham group. Between the two active groups, a marginally significant difference was observed. Analysis of variance with repeated measures on Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores revealed a significantly different decrease over time of depressive symptomatology among the three treatment groups. Treatment response appeared to be unrelated to the demographic and clinical characteristics recorded, and on the whole the technique was well tolerated. The results of this double-blind trial showed that rTMS may be a useful and safe adjunctive treatment for drug-resistant depressed patients. © 2005 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Management of painful physical symptoms associated with depression and mood disorders$$$ Depression is a common, recurring illness that continues to be underdiagnosed and undertreated in both psychiatric and primary care settings. It is increasingly being recognized that painful physical symptoms, which commonly exist comorbid with depressive disorders, play a role in complicating diagnosis of depression. Patients tend to discuss physical pain with primary care physicians and emotional pain with psychiatrists, often oblivious to the fact that both may be aspects of one disorder. Those who present with somatic complaints are three times less likely to be accurately diagnosed than patients with psychosocial complaints. However, thorough evaluation of mood and anxiety disorders in primary care is sparse due to the limited time primary care physicians can spend with each patient. Better recognition and treatment of both physical and emotional symptoms associated with mood disorders may increase a patient's chance of achieving remission, which is the optimum therapeutic goal. Abnormalities of serotonin and noradrenaline are strongly associated with depression and are thought to play a role in pain perception. Brain-derived neurotrophic factor, which is increased with antidepressant treatment, appears to influence regulation of mood and perception of pain. Clinical evidence indicates that dual-acting agents may have an advantage in modulating pain over those agents that increase either serotonin or noradrenaline alone. The novel dual-acting agents, such as venlafaxine and duloxetine, are better tolerated than tricyclic antidepressants and monoamine oxidase inhibitors. These agents have demonstrated efficacy in depression and in diabetic neuropathic pain independently. Therefore, unless otherwise stated, all inferences to studies of pain in this monograph refer to neuropathic pain in nondepressed patients. Copyright ©2005 MBL Communications, Inc.
Biological treatment and prescription in children and adolescents suffering from a major depressive episode$$$ This overview of the literature concerns biological treatments in the course of a major depressive episode in children and adolescents: tricyclic antidepressants, Serotonin reuptake inhibitors, sismotherapy and other alternatives. From the basis of this overview, the benefits and types of prescription are examined. The risk of suicide during a state of depression, especially in teenagers, cannot be removed by prescribing antidepressant treatment. Improved clinical assessment (diagnosis and risk of suicide), regular codified monitoring, and close collaboration with the teenager and his immediate entourage are required in order to reduce the risk of suicide, where drug prescription is indicated.
Toward future therapies in progressive supranuclear palsy$$$ There is a stern therapeutic challenge for progressive supranuclear palsy (PSP) that has not yet been met. The lack of randomized, controlled trials and negative outcomes from the vast majority of studies make it impossible to set therapeutic standards, or to give clear recommendations. We review progress to date in this area and briefly consider future potential therapeutic strategies. © 2005 Movement Disorder Society.
An attempt to increase the rate and magnitude of the antidepressant effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). A pilot study$$$ Objective: An attempt to increase the rate and magnitude of the antidepressant effect of rTMS by providing fast frequency rTMS to the left prefrontal cortex (LPFC) followed by slow frequency TMS to the right (R)PFC at each treatment session. Method: Eighteen adult patients with major depressive episode (15 unipolar and 3 bipolar) were randomly assigned into two treatment groups. The control group received 30 active trains (2s duration) of 20Hz rTMS to the LPFC followed by 200 1Hz p1acebo stimuli to the RPFC. The experimental group received 25 active trains (2s duration) of 20Hz rTMS to the LPFC followed by 200 active 1Hz stimuli to the RPFC. Stimulation was at 100% of motor threshold (MT). All patients received ten treatments over two weeks. Measurements were made using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, 17 item version (HDRS) and a range of self rated visual analogue scales (VASs) at baseline and after five and ten treatments. Response was defined as 50% reduction in HDRS rating and remission was defined as achieving an HDRS score of 8 or less. Results: No significant differences were found between the groups overall (Pillai trace = 0.126, F (2,15) = 1.08, p = 0.37 power = 0.20). After ten treatments five of nine control group patients achieved response and all five had achieved remission, while six of nine experimental group patients achieved response and four of these achieved remission. These differences were not statistically significant. Both control and experimental TMS patients showed significant improvement in objective and subjective ratings of depression over the duration of treatment. Conclusions: Ten treatments of 25 trains of 20Hz rTMS to the LPFC followed by 200 1Hz rTMS to the RPFC were not clinically superior to the 10 treatments of 30 trains of 20Hz rTMS to the LPFC followed by 200 placebo 1Hz to the RPFC with respect to the rate and magnitude of the antidepressant effect.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression in neurologic disorders$$$ Depression is commonly as sociated with neurologic disorders. Although depression in neurologic conditions often is associated with a negative impact on quality of life, it frequently is poorly managed. Some factors, such as a multidrug regimen, lack of efficacy, and side effects of antidepressants may explain why depression is not adequately treated in patients with neurologic disorders. Therefore, this population needs new approaches for depression treatment, and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be one of them because it has been shown to be effective for the treatment of depression alone and depression in certain neurologic diseases such as Parkinson's disease and stroke. rTMS is a noninvasive, focal, and painless treatment associated with few, mild side effects. It may be effective in the treatment of neurologic diseases such as Parkinson's disease, stroke, and epilepsy. In this paper, we discuss the potential risks and benefits of rTMS treatment for depression in Parkinson's disease, epilepsy, stroke, multiple sclerosis, and Alzheimer's disease. Lastly, a framework that includes the parameters of stimulation (intensity, frequency, number of pulses, and site of stimulation) for the treatment of depression in neurologic diseases is proposed. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Depressive subtypes and efficacy of antidepressive pharmacotherapy$$$ Efficacy studies suggest that all kinds of treatment have similar efficacy. For instance, according to a meta-analysis from 102 randomised controlled trials in major depression, there is no overall difference in efficacy between SSRIs and TCAs. Taking into consideration the pathophysiological heterogeneity of affective disorders involving a number of neurotransmitters, the different pharmacodynamic profiles of the antidepressant compounds, and the large variety of presentations of depressive illness, it is very simplistic to suppose that all classes of antidepressants are equally effective. Meanwhile, the development of antidepressants with different mechanisms of action provides the opportunity to evaluate whether certain relevant subtypes of depressed patients, based on specific patterns of symptoms, respond preferentially to one class of antidepressants compared with another. The aim of this paper is to review the relationship between the depressive subtypes included in the DSM-IV (melancholic depression, atypical depression, bipolar depression, psychotic bipolar and dysthymia) and the efficacy of antidepressant treatment. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Treating mood disorders during pregnancy: Safety considerations$$$ Mood disorders in pregnancy may have a negative effect on self care and pregnancy outcome that affects the mother directly and the child indirectly. Thus, some women may require pharmacological treatment. Pharmacotherapy of mood disorders during pregnancy implies specific considerations. This paper presents an updated review of available studies on the treatment of mood disorders and present knowledge on teratogenicity, neonatal effects and long-term neurobehavioural effects for the different psychotropic drugs, including treatment with selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), other antidepressants, benzodiazepines, lithium, carbamazepine/valproic acid, lamotrigine and novel antipsychotics. However, the existing knowledge on the use of antidepressants and mood stabilising agents during pregnancy is hampered by a lack of results from randomised controlled trials. SSRIs and TCAs have not been associated with an increased risk of major malformations, but poor neonatal adaptation has been described. Benzodiazepines used in the first trimester have been associated with orofacial clefts. Mood stabilisers such as lithium, carbamazepine and valproic acid (sodium valproate) are associated with an increased risk of fetal malformations. Both benzodiazepines and lithium may cause adaptation problems in the newborn. In utero exposure to novel antipsychotics has not been associated with congenital malformations; however, the data are still limited. The knowledge about long-term neurobehavioural effects in the offspring is still limited for all agents and requires further investigation. Possible adverse effects of fetal exposure must be balanced against the adverse effects of an untreated maternal mood disorder. © 2005 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment for epilepsy: Can it also improve depression and vice versa?$$$ Comorbidity with depression is an important determinant of the quality of life for patients with epilepsy. Antidepressant medications can effectively treat depression in epileptic patients, but drug-drug interactions and epileptogenic effects of these drugs pose therapeutic challenges. The mood-stabilizing effects of antiepileptic medications may not be sufficient to treat depression. Therefore, treatments that alleviate the burden of depression without increasing seizure risk or, better yet, with the possibility of improving seizure control are worth exploring. Neuroimaging techniques, such as functional magnetic resonance imaging, are providing novel insights into the pathophysiology of depression in epilepsy. For example, there appears to be prominent brain prefrontal hypoactivity, which may be sustained by the hyperactivity of the seizure focus. If so, neuromodulatory approaches that suppress epileptic focus hyperactivity and concurrently enhance prefrontal activity may be ideally suited. Indeed, vagus nerve stimulation has been shown to yield simultaneous antiseizure and mood effects. Another neuromodulatory technique, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), can also modulate brain activity, but in a noninvasive, painless, and focal manner. Depending on the stimulation parameters, it is possible to enhance or reduce activity in the targeted brain region. Furthermore, TMS has been shown to be effective in treating depression, and preliminary data suggest that this treatment may also be effective for epilepsy treatment. This article reviews these data and explores further the question of whether depression and epilepsy can be simultaneously treated with TMS for optimal therapeutic impact. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Effects of remifentanil and alfentanil on seizure duration, stimulus amplitudes and recovery parameters during ECT$$$ Background and objective: Propofol may decrease seizure duration in electroconvulsive therapy. Although not proven, prolonged seizures may be more efficacious. The goal of this study was to evaluate and compare effects of alfentanil and remifentanil on seizure duration, recovery parameters and degree of stimulus amplitude in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy. Methods: Twenty-four ASA I-II patients enrolled in this prospective, randomized trial, each receiving a total of seven electroconvulsive therapies. Patients were randomized to receive only Propofol, group P (0.75 mg kg-1, n = 8), Propofol with alfentanil, group A (10 μg kg-1 alfentanil + 0.5 mg kg-1 Propofol, n = 8) and Propofol with remifentanil, group R (1 μg kg-1 remifentanil +0.5 mg kg-1 propofol, n = 8) via an iv route. Supplemental doses of propofol were given as required to achieve loss of consciousness. Succinylcholine 0.5 mg kg-1 iv was given to all groups for muscular paralysis. We recorded hemodynamic parameters, cortical and motor seizure durations, and recovery parameters. Results: Mean motor seizure duration was found to be significantly longer in patients receiving propofol-remifentanil anesthesia (53.3 ± 13.6 s) and propofol-alfentanil anesthesia (52.2 ± 0.4 s) compared with propofol anesthesia (37.6 ± 9.2 s) (P = 0.001). Recovery parameters and stimulus amplitudes were similar in groups A and R; significantly different from group P (P = 0.001). Conclusions: Adding 10 μg kg-1 alfentanil or 1 μg kg -1 remifentanil to reduced doses of propofol provided unconsciousness and increased seizure durations. For patients who need higher stimulus amplitudes for longer seizure durations, combining low-dose propofol with alfentanil or remifentanil may be good alternative regimens for ECT. © Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica (2005).
A one-year comparison of vagus nerve stimulation with treatment as usual for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Previous reports have described the effects of vagus nerve stimulation plus treatment as usual (VNS+TAU) during open trials of patients with treatment-resistant depression (TRD). To better understand these effects on long-term outcome, we compared 12-month VNS+TAU outcomes with those of a comparable TRD group. Methods: Admission criteria were similar for those receiving VNS+TAU (n = 205) or only TAU (n = 124). In the primary analysis, repeated-measures linear regression was used to compare the VNS+TAU group (monthly data) with the TAU group (quarterly data) according to scores of the 30-item Inventory of Depressive Symptomatology-Self-Report (IDS-SR 30). Results: The two groups had similar baseline demographic data, psychiatric and treatment histories, and degrees of treatment resistance, except that more TAU participants had at least 10 prior major depressive episodes, and the VNS+TAU group had more electroconvulsive therapy before study entry. Vagus nerve stimulation plus treatment as usual was associated with greater improvement per month in IDS-SR30 than TAU across 12 months (p < .001). Response rates according to the 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (last observation carried forward) at 12 months were 27% for VNS+TAU and 13% for TAU (p < .011). Both groups received similar TAU (drugs and electroconvulsive therapy) during follow-up. Conclusions: This comparison of two similar but nonrandomized TRD groups showed that VNS+TAU was associated with a greater antidepressant benefit over 12 months. © 2005 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
A patient with a resistant major depression disorder treated with deep brain stimulation in the inferior thalamic peduncle$$$ OBJECTIVE AND IMPORTANCE: The present report explored the effect of electrical stimulation on the inferior thalamic peduncle in a patient with resistant major depression disorder (MDD). CLINICAL PRESENTATION: This report refers to a 49-year-old woman with a history of recurrent episodes of major depression for 20 years (12 episodes and 2 hospitalizations), fulfilling Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, 4th edition, revised, criteria for MDD; in addition, the patient met criteria for borderline personality disorder and bulimia. Her longest episode of depression with suicidal ideation began 5 years before surgery. The patient's symptom array responded poorly to different combinations of antidepressants, cognitive therapy, and electroconvulsive therapy, which induced improvement only for short periods of time. Immediately before surgery, her Global Assessment of Functioning score was 20 and her Hamilton Depression Scale score ranged from 33 to 42. The patient was proposed for surgery for MDD. INTERVENTION: The patient had bilateral eight-contact electrodes stereotactically implanted for stimulation of areas at and around the inferior thalamic peduncle. Electrode position was corroborated by unilateral electrical stimulation searching for recruiting responses and regional direct current shifts in the electroencephalogram. Recording electrodes were replaced by tetrapolar electrodes for deep brain stimulation and connected to an internalized stimulation system for continuous bipolar stimulation at 130 Hz, 0.45 milliseconds, 2.5 V. Bimonthly follow-up included psychiatric and neuropsychological evaluations performed over the course of 24 months. After 8 months of ON stimulation, the patient entered a double-blind protocol with stimulators turned OFF. Improvement of depression measured by the Hamilton Depression Scale score was evident after initial placement of electrodes without electrical stimulation. Depression relapsed partially at the end of the first week. Electrical stimulation further improved depression, normalizing depression scores and neuropsychological performance. Patient depression scores ranked between 2 and 8 during 8 months of ON stimulation without antidepressant medication. After stimulation was turned OFF, spontaneous fluctuations in patient symptoms reflected by Hamilton Depression Scale and Global Assessment of Functioning scores were documented; these fluctuations disappeared after stimulation was turned on by Month 20. CONCLUSION: Complicated patients with comorbid conditions are common referrals to psychosurgery services. In this report, we present promising results of electrical stimulation of the inferior thalamic peduncle to treat recurrent unipolar depression in a patient with MDD and borderline personality disorder who responded poorly to treatment.
Effect of repetitive TMS and fluoxetine on cognitive function in patients with Parkinson's disease and concurrent depression$$$ Previous studies show that cognitive functions are more impaired in patients with Parkinson's disease (PD) and depression than in nondepressed PD patients. We compared the cognitive effects of two types of antidepressant treatments in PD patients: fluoxetine (20 mg/day) versus repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS, 15 Hz, 110% above motor threshold, 10 daily sessions) of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Twenty-five patients with PD and depression were randomly assigned either to Group 1 (active rTMS and placebo medication) or to Group 2 (sham rTMS and fluoxetine). A neuropsychological battery was assessed by a rater blind to treatment arm at baseline and 2 and 8 weeks after treatment. Patients in both groups had a significant improvement of Stroop (colored words and interference card) and Hooper and Wisconsin (perseverative errors) test performances after both treatments. Furthermore, there were no adverse effects after either rTMS or fluoxetine in any neuropsychological test of the cognitive test battery. The results show that rTMS could improve some aspects of cognition in PD patients similar to that of fluoxetine. The mechanisms for this cognitive improvement are unclear, but it is in the context of mood improvement. © 2005 Movement Disorder Society.
Chronic pain and comorbid depression$$$ For patients with chronic pain, the experience of pain is intimately linked with psychologic distress. Epidemiologic studies indicate that depression is a common comorbidity accompanying chronic pain states. Longitudinal studies also suggest that depression can predict the emergence of chronic pain in selected populations. Emerging evidence suggests numerous pathophysiologic mechanisms that underlie the coexistence of depression and chronic pain states. Comorbid depression can complicate the presentation, clinical course, and response to treatment of patients with chronic pain. The literature reviewed herein focuses on treatment approaches applicable to chronic, nonmalignant pain states predominantly. Although anti-depressants offer advantages in simultaneously producing pain relief and mitigating depression, not all antidepressants share equal efficacy; those with noradrenergic and serotonergic influences seem to fare better than agents with single neurotransmitter influences. Treatment of depression may be essential to fully enlist the patient with chronic pain in comprehensive pain management and rehabilitative approaches. Management plans of patients with chronic pain can be designed with specific individual patient needs in mind, and may involve concurrent use of antidepressants, analgesics, and psychotherapeutic approaches. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Depression in the elderly: The unique features related to diagnosis and treatment$$$ Depression affects 6.5 million of the 35 million Americans ≥65 years of age. While depression usually begins earlier in life and recurs periodically, it can present for the first time in people 80-90 years of age as well. Depression throughout the lifespan has a genetic/biological component but is also very much affected by social environmental factors. As people age, demographic factors, social support, and negative life events remain important to overall mental health, while physical illness and disability begin to take on a much more prominent role. Depression in the elderly is associated with impairment, dependency, disability, and significant distress for the individual and their family. This population is likely to present with concomitant cognitive dysfunction and medical illness, which can complicate the identification and treatment of psychiatric conditions. Bereavement is almost universal in late life and is sometimes a deterrent to appropriate diagnosis and treatment of depression. Physical frailty and diminishing social resources further complicate the treatment of depression in the elderly. Elderly individuals respond well to standard pharmacotherapy and psychotherapy treatments for depression. However, due to the high rate of relapse of depression in this population, continuous treatment is often warranted. This monograph will review depression in the elderly in the context of social disruptions, such as bereavement, caregiver strain, interpersonal conflict, role transitions, and social isolation; late-onset vascular depression and cognitive impairment; and physical illness including disability. Copyright ©2005 MBL Communications, Inc.
World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for biological treatment of schizophrenia, Part 1: Acute treatment of schizophrenia$$$ These guidelines for the biological treatment of schizophrenia were developed by an international Task Force of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP). The goal during the development of these guidelines was to review systematically all available evidence pertaining to the treatment of schizophrenia, and to reach a consensus on a series of practice recommendations that are clinically and scientifically meaningful based on the available evidence. These guidelines are intended for use by all physicians seeing and treating people with schizophrenia. The data used for developing these guidelines have been extracted primarily from various national treatment guidelines and panels for schizophrenia, as well as from meta-analyses, reviews and randomised clinical trials on the efficacy of pharmacological and other biological treatment interventions identified by a search of the MEDLINE database and Cochrane Library. The identified literature was evaluated with respect to the strength of evidence for its efficacy and then categorised into four levels of evidence (A-D). This first part of the guidelines covers disease definition, classification, epidemiology and course of schizophrenia, as well as the management of the acute phase treatment. These guidelines are primarily concerned with the biological treatment (including antipsychotic medication, other pharmacological treatment options, electroconvulsive therapy, adjunctive and novel therapeutic strategies) of adults suffering from schizophrenia. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Physical measures for treating depression in dialysis patients.$$$ BACKGROUND: Depression is the most common psychological problem in the chronic dialysis population. The diagnosis of depression in patients on chronic dialysis is confounded by the fact that several symptoms of uraemia mimic the somatic components of depression. It affects their physical, psychological and social well-being. Furthermore, the frequent occurrence of cardiovascular problems and the pharmacokinetic consequences of renal impairment may make drug treatment of depression difficult. OBJECTIVES: The aim of this systematic review was to assess the efficacy and safety of physical measures in the treatment of depression in patients who are dialysed for end-stage renal disease. SEARCH STRATEGY: A comprehensive search strategy was employed to identify all Randomised Controlled Trials (RCTs) relevant to the treatment of depression in patients on chronic dialysis. The following database were searched - MEDLINE (1966-March 2004), EMBASE (1980-March 2004), PSYCHINFO (1872-March 2004), The Cochrane Library (Issue 1, 2004). Authors of included studies were contacted, reference lists of identified RCTs and relevant narrative reviews were screened. SELECTION CRITERIA: RCTs comparing drugs with placebo or no treatment, or a comparison of drugs against a combination of electroconvulsive therapy and drugs. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data were abstracted by two investigators independently onto a standard form and subsequently entered into Review Manager 4.2. Relative risk (RR) for dichotomous data and a (weighted) mean difference (WMD) for continuous data were calculated with 95% confidence intervals (95% CI). MAIN RESULTS: Only one trial, with a total of 12 patients and of eight weeks duration was identified. The trial compared fluoxetine against placebo in depressed patients on chronic dialysis. This study did not show any significant difference in depression scores between the treatment and control groups or safety. AUTHORS' CONCLUSIONS: Firm conclusions on the efficacy of physical methods of treatment cannot be made as we identified only one small RCT that was of short duration. More larger and longer term RCTs are needed in this area. Current screening tools for depression are recognised to have poor specificity in the medically ill due to overlap of somatic symptoms of the medical illness. The development of a valid diagnostic tool would be helpful.
Reevaluating therapies for bipolar depression$$$ The most commonly employed pharmacotherapies for bipolar depression include antidepressants, lithium, and anticonvulsants, such as lamotrigine, valproate, and carbamazepine. A combination of these agents, usually an antidepressant and a mood stabilizer, is often required to achieve an optimal response. However, some treatment guidelines still caution that antidepressant exposure should be minimized in patients with bipolar depression, due to concern that they may trigger treatment-emergent mania or cycle acceleration. This advice prevails despite data showing that antidepressants are effective in treating bipolar depression and evidence that coadministration of a mood-stabilizing medication, at least with modern antidepressants, such as the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, can reduce the risk of treatment-emergent mania to levels comparable with those observed with mood stabilizer monotherapy. Although the antidepressant efficacy of most mood stabilizers has not been satisfactorily proven, first-line therapy with 1 mood stabilizer alone or a combination of 2 mood stabilizers is still recommended by many guidelines. Inappropriate treatment of bipolar depression may leave patients at high risk of suicide and increased chronicity of symptoms; effective therapy should, therefore, be provided as early as possible. The efficacy and safety of antidepressants for bipolar depression both as monotherapy and when combined with a mood stabilizer should be studied in adequately powered trials in order to revise treatment guidelines. Electroconvulsive therapy remains an option for treatment-refractory patients and those intolerant to pharmacologic treatment, as well as patients who are pregnant or at high risk of suicide.
Tourette's syndrome and deep brain stimulation$$$ In this prospective double blind randomised "N of 1" study, a patient with a severe form of Tourette's syndrome was treated with bilateral high frequency stimulation of the centromedian-parafascicular complex (Ce-Pf) of the thalamus, the internal part of the globus pallidus (GPi), or both. Stimulation of either target improved tic severity by 70%, markedly ameliorated coprolalia, and eliminated self injuries. Severe forms of Tourette's syndrome may benefit from stimulation of neuronal circuits within the basal ganglia, thus confirming the role of the dysfunction of limbic striatopallido-thalamo- cortical systems in this disorder.
Another triumph of hope over experience? Revisiting... Treatment of the patient with long-term schizophrenia$$$ Schizophrenia continues to challenge services: recent advances in antipsychotic drug treatment and psychosocial interventions are hindered by non-adherence, disengagement and substance misuse. Furthermore, new side-effect concerns attach to atypical drugs, and psychosocial interventions may be underresourced or of unproven benefit. It is important to address all issues with which patients, families and carers need assistance, and to take a well-informed, creative approach to pharmacological treatment, using medication according to individual patient need rather than mechanistic adherence to guidelines. Psychiatrists should be realistic in their expectations of patient outcome, accepting outcomes that fall short of recovery and imply long-term supportive care, and insisting that this care be available to their patients. Psychiatrists should support early diagnosis and intervention as being possibly the only means to alleviate the burden of long-term schizophrenia for patients, families and services.
Add-on rTMS for medication-resistant depression: A randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled trial in Chinese patients$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been developed as a novel tool for improving depression by delivering magnetic stimulation to the brain. However, the apparent effects of rTMS on depression have been varied in different studies. The aims of this study were to determine whether left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rTMS can alleviate medication-resistant depression in Chinese patients and to investigate what demographic variables or clinical features may predict better response. Method: We designed a 2-week randomized, double-blind, sham-controlled study of add-on rTMS. A total of 30 medication-resistant patients with DSM-IV major depressive disorder or bipolar disorder, depressed episode completed 10 sessions of active or sham rTMS-10 patients at each of 2 frequencies, faster (20 Hz) or slower (5 Hz) at 100% motor threshold, and 10 patients at sham stimulation. Results: Patients at both stimulation frequencies demonstrated a superior reduction of depression severity compared to sham stimulation (active = 55.7% vs. sham = 16.3%). The response rate for active rTMS was 60%, in contrast to 10% for the sham treatment. No difference in clinical response was observed between 5 Hz and 20 Hz active rTMS. Clinical variables showed that younger age and less severe depression at entry may predict the clinical response to rTMS. Except for 1 patient in which rTMS appeared to induce mania, this procedure posed no safety problem. Conclusions: To our knowledge, this is the first study to demonstrate the clinical efficacy and safety of rTMS in Chinese patients. Since not all the rTMS trials in previous reports had positive results, further larger trials are still warranted.
Effectiveness of treatments for depression in older people$$$ Objective: To conduct a systematic review of the evidence for the effectiveness of a range of possible-treatments for depression in older people. Data sources: Literature search using the PubMed, PsycInfo and Cochrane Library databases. Data synthesis: Treatments that have been suggested to be effective for depression were grouped under three categories: medical treatments, psychological treatments, and lifestyle changes/alternative treatments. We describe each treatment, review the studies of its effectiveness in people aged ≥ 60 years, and give a rating of the level of evidence. Conclusions: The treatments with the best evidence of effectiveness are antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy, cognitive behaviour therapy, psychodynamic psychotherapy, reminiscence therapy, problem-solving therapy, bibliotherapy (for mild to moderate depression) and exercise. There is limited evidence to support the effectiveness of transcranial magnetic stimulation, dialectical behaviour therapy, interpersonal therapy, light therapy (for people in nursing homes or hospitals), St John's wort and folate in reducing depressive symptoms.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation as a therapeutic tool in psychiatry$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a patient-friendly stimulation technique of the brain with interesting perspectives. In clinical psychiatry, limited data are available on activity in psychosis and anxiety, but much research has been done in depression. Major concerns on published papers are the inconsistency of used parameter settings, the restraint numbers of patients in randomised trials, the lack of real sham controlled studies and the quasi inexistent reproducibility of results. The most stringent meta-analysis of TMS in affective disorders found a modest, statistically significant antidepressant effect after 2 weeks of daily treatment of high frequency repetitive left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex stimulation. Although most results are rather weak and not convincing enough to promote TMS as evidence-based antidepressive therapy, they show a measurable action that should not be ignored. Preclinical and clinical effects were observed analysing heterogeneous data, and results comparing TMS to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in affective disorders are encouraging. Efforts should continue with emphasis on increasing homogeneity and reproducibility in data. Further refinement of stimulation parameters should be established, so that new and large double-blind, long-term, sham-controlled trials can bring us to better understanding and standardising TMS procedure, finally leading to definitive conclusions about its efficacy in psychiatry. © 2005 Taylor & Francis.
Antidepressant effects of different schedules of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation vs. clomipramine in patients with major depression: Relationship to changes in cortical excitability$$$ The antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) that have been demonstrated in recent studies could be related to its ability to modulate cortical excitability. Yet, the relationship between stimulus location and frequency and treatment outcome has not been established. The aim of the present study was to compare efficacy of rTMS in various configurations and clomipramine treatment in patients with major depression (MD) and to evaluate the relationship between clinical outcome and changes in cortical excitability. Fifty-nine MD patients were randomized to receive (1) left (n = 12) or right (n = 12) 3Hz rTMS with placebo medication; (2) left (H = IO) or right (n=9) 10 Hz rTMS with placebo medication; (3) active medication (clomipramine) with sham rTMS (n = 16). Both 3Hz and 10 Hz rTMS were administered to the prefrontal cortex by a circular coil at an intensity of 110% and 100% of the resting motor threshold (rMT) respectively. Measurements of cortical excitability were performed prior to and 24 h after completion of 2 wk of daily rTMS or pharmacological treatments. These included the rMT, silent period threshold (SPT), inter-threshold difference (ITD), MEP/M-wave amplitude ratio and silent period duration (SPD). Severity of depression was blindly assessed by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). The best improvement scores were seen in patients who received left 3 Hz rTMS. The 10 Hz rTMS treatment was less tolerated resulting in a significantly higher dropout rate. A significant increase of the MEP/M wave amplitude ratio accompanied by a shortening of the SPD was evidenced in patients who showed marked clinical improvement (reduction in HDRS by 50% or more) following left rTMS regardless of stimulation frequency. Our results suggest that 3 Hz left rTMS has a higher therapeutic efficacy and tolerability in patients with MD. The enhancement of cortical excitability may be related to the antidepressant action of rTMS. Copyright © 2004 CINP.
Opioids for neuropathic pain$$$ Whether opioids are effective for neuropathic pain has been a matter of controversy for decades. Within limits, it is clear that opioids in general are effective for neuropathic pain. Furthermore, there is no evidence that opiods are any less effective for neuropathic pain than for non-neuropathic pain, no evidence that opioids are less effective for neuropathic pain than are other medications, and no evidence that one opioid is any more effective than another for neuropathic pain. It remains uncertain whether opiods are effective for central pain, although they may have a role. Although some patients appear to enjoy long-term benefits, most studies have been short-term. Opioids have an important role in the treatment of neuropathic pain; however, skillful opioid use balances the benefits with management of side effects and prevention and treatment of abuse and addiction. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Evaluation of frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for post-stroke depression and neurologic impairment$$$ Aim: To assess the therapeutic effects of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the depressive state and degree of neurologic impairment in patients with post-stroke depression. Methods: Thirty-two post-stroke depression patients, whose disease course of stroke was more than 2 months, and score of Hamilton depression scale (HAMD) was more than 17, were selected from the Department of Neurology, Affiliated Union Hospital of Tongji Medical College, Huazhong University of Science and Technology from January 2002 to September 2004, and those with the history of mental abnormality were excluded. They were divided into repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treated group (n=16) and control group (n=16) with the method of random sampling. All the patients received regular treatment, besides, those in the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treated group were treated with low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, each side of the prefrontal lobe was applied with 30 stimulations each day. The stimulation intensity is 60% of the maximum intensity, at 0.5 Hz. One sequence was given daily for 7 successive days. Antidepressant drugs were stopped during treatment in both groups. Before and after the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment, the changes of Hamilton depression scale score and score of modified Scandinavian stroke scale for evaluation of clinical neurologic impairment degree, and the ameliorating rate of the depressive symptoms were observed in both groups. Results: According to the analysis of intention process, All the 32 patients finished the treatment, and there was no maladaptation during treatment. 1 In the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treated group, the mean Hamilton depression scale score after treatment (15.4±6.7) was significantly lower than that before treatment (25.9±5.2) and that in the control group after treatment (22.4±7.1) (t=4.97, 3.43, P < 0.01). 2 The score of modified Scandinavian stroke scale in the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treated group after treatment (12.6±4.6) was markedly decreased as compared with that before treatment (18.3±4.8) (t=3.43,P < 0.01) and that in the control group after treatment (16.6±4.7) (t=2.43, P < 0.05). 3 There was significant difference in the effective ameliorating rate after treatment between the repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treated group (88%, 14/16) and control group (12%, 2/16) (x2=31.64, P < 0.01). Conclusion: Low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of 0.5 Hz can ameliorate the depressive symptoms of post-stroke depression patients, and relive the degree of their neurologic impairment, and no special maladaptation occurs in the patients.
Poststroke depression$$$ Objective: Although the therapeutic method of stroke is progressed very quickly in recent years, the incidence of its post-depression is up to 40%. Poststroke depression many affect neural function recovery, for which, to understand it is advantageous of improving living quality of stroke patients. Data source: The literatures relevant to poststroke depression were looked up from China medical nuclear journals and studies at home and abroad in recent 5 years on www.google.com, Medline. The Retrieval words: stroke, depressibn, incidence, relevant factors. Study selection: Totally 42 relevant papers were selected on experimental and clinical studies on poststroke depression. The original literatures of non-randomized study were excluded and those of non-blind study were not excluded. Data extraction: Of 42 papers, 10 papers were deleted because of repetition of various degrees and 32 papers were sorted out in category and 10 of those were selected as reference. Data synthesis: The incidence of poststroke depression is about 40%, resulting from the co-factors of society, psychology and biology. It is viewed generally that the high risk phase of depression is in a couple of year after stroke and the duration of poststroke depression is various. The severity of neural functional deficits in recovery phase is affected by poststroke depression. Moderate and severe depression may delay the recovery of neural function and poststroke depression can also result in poor recovery of daily living capacity of patients, affect patients' cognition and increase the incidence of dementia. Concerning to clinical observation, a remarkable progression has been achieved on treatment of poststroke depression. Conclusion: The incidence of poststroke depression is very high, associated with multiple factors. Poststroke depression influences harmfully on neural function, cognition and daily living capacity. Active intervention and treatment provide a certain action on reducing the incidence of poststroke depression.
Puzzling bipolar disorder$$$ Despite many advances in making the diagnosis of bipolar disorder, five to twelve years lie between the first affective episode and the introduction of an effective treatment. However, it is estimated that approximately only one-fourth of the patients with bipolar disorder are recognized as such at all. Clinical experience plays an important role in the diagnosis. Manias are often the cause for the first treatment with drugs, but the daily lives of patients with bipolar depression are often clearly more negatively affected. The acute therapy of bipolar depression is more complicated than that of mania and the difficult long-term treatment is always associated with a high suicide risk. A long-term therapy of bipolar disorders is not only meaningful for the prevention of new disease episodes, but also because it has a positive effect on comorbidities.
Should neurologists be trained to recognize and treat comorbid depression of neurologic disorders? Yes$$$ Depression is a relatively common psychiatric comorbididy of most neurological disorders, with prevalence rates ranging between 20 and 50% among patients with stroke, multiple sclerosis, epilepsy, Parkinson's disease and dementia. Furthermore, depression is an independent predictor of poor quality of life in these patients and has a negative impact on the response to treatment, course and recovery of neurological deficits. Thus, treatment of depression has become an integral part of the managment of these neurologic disorders. This article discusses the rationale for neurologists to be trained in recognizing depressive disorders in neurologic patients and identifies the type of mood disorders in which neurologists can provide pharmacotherapy and those that need to be referred to the care of the psychiatrist. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) at high and low frequency: An efficacious therapy for major drug-resistant depression?$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is proposed for the treatment of drug-resistant depression. Studies performed in accordance with evidence-based medicine (EBM) are scarce, particularly in seeking optimal treatment and evaluation parameters. We aimed to test various types of rTMS in a large sample of depressed patients following EBM rules and to investigate treatment-related changes in plasma levels of neurotransmitters involved in depression. Methods: Seventy-one drug-resistant depressed patients were randomly assigned to low (1 Hz) or high (17 Hz) rate TMS, applied for 5 days over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (L-DLPFC). Patients were separated into two study designs. One group (20 patients) received only active treatment, while the other entered a double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover design. Pre- and post-treatment blood samples were taken for evaluation of plasma levels of dopamine and serotonin. Results: After a week of treatment patients had a measurable benefit. However, overall the placebo stimulation did not differ significantly from real stimulation, nor were differences observed between the two rates of rTMS. The only difference emerged when the real stimulation was applied at 17 Hz following placebo treatment. Plasma levels of neurotransmitters between active and placebo rTMS were similar. Conclusions: Using the treatment schedule of 1 week, although a clinical improvement after active treatment was indeed observed, this was both clinically and biochemically indistinguishable from that seen in the placebo arm. Significance: This suggests that most of the previous emphasis, for short period of treatment, should be tempered down and that further work is required in order to verify whether optimal stimulation and evaluation parameters for TMS-treatment of depression beyond the placebo effect may be found following EBM rules. © 2005 International Federation of Clinical Neurophysiology. Published by Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Forty-eight hours of postoperative pain relief after total hip arthroplasty with a novel, extended-release epidural morphine formulation$$$ Background: Epidural morphine has proven analgesic efficacy in the postoperative period and is widely used. This study evaluated the efficacy of extended-release epidural morphine (EREM; DepoDur; Endo Pharmaceuticals Inc., Chadds Ford, PA; SkyePharma, Inc., San Diego, CA) in providing pain relief for 48 h after surgery. Methods: Patients (n = 200) scheduled to undergo total hip arthroplasty were randomized to receive a single dose of 15, 20, or 25 mg EREM or placebo. After surgery and after asking for pain medication, patients had access to intravenous patient-controlled analgesia fentanyl for breakthrough pain as needed. Postoperative intravenous patient-controlled analgesia fentanyl use, time to first postoperative fentanyl use, pain intensity at rest and with activity, patient and surgeon ratings of pain control, and adverse events were recorded. Results: All EREM dosages reduced the mean (± SD) fentanyl use versus placebo (510 ± 708 vs. 2,091 ± 1,803 μg; P < 0.0001) and delayed the median time to first dose of fentanyl (21.3 vs. 3.6 h; P < 0.0001). All EREM groups had significantly improved pain control at rest through 48 h postdose (area under the curve [0-48 h]) compared with placebo (P < 0.0005). More EREM-treated patients rated their pain control as good or very good compared with placebo (at 24 h: 90 vs. 65%, P < 0.0001; at 48 h: 83 vs. 67%, P < 0.05). No supplemental analgesia was needed in 25% of EREM-treated patients and 2% of placebo-treated patients at 48 h (P < 0.05). The safety profile of EREM was consistent with that of other epidurally administered opioid analgesics. Conclusions: EREM provided significant postoperative pain relief over a 48-h period after hip surgery, without the need for indwelling epidural catheters. © 2005 American Society of Anesthesiologists, Inc. Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, Inc.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating medication-resistant depression in Taiwan: A preliminary study$$$ Background: We conducted an open trial to evaluate the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in medication-resistant depression. This is the first study in Taiwan of rTMS for the treatment of depression. Methods: A 2-week regimen of rTMS (100% of motor threshold, 5 Hz, 8 sec, 40 trains/20 min/day, 10 weekdays) applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex was administered to 11 patients with medication-resistant depression. Results: Ten subjects completed 2 weeks' treatment with rTMS. Scores on the 21-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAM-D21) and Beck Depression Inventory decreased by 48% and 28%, respectively. Five patients were clinical responders (≥ 50% reduction in HAM-D21 score): 2 of these were in complete remission (HAM-D21 score <7). Five patients were less responsive: 2 of these were partial responders (20-49% reduction in HAM-D21 score), whereas 3 did not improve. Younger versus older age was identified as a potential predictor of response to rTMS used as add-on therapy. Conclusion: Our preliminary results indicate that rTMS can improve mood in patients with medication-resistant depression, and can also potentially replace electroconvulsive therapy for certain types of medication-resistant depression. Future double-blind, placebo-controlled trials of rTMS are warranted. © 2005 Elsevier. All rights reserved.
An 8-week open-label trial of a 6-day course of mifepristone for the treatment of psychotic depression$$$ Objective: Several investigations suggest that mifepristone leads to the rapid amelioration of psychotic depression. However, these studies were of short duration (1 week or less) and included subjects who were taking other psychotropic medications. The goals of this study were to extend these findings by conducting an 8-week trial of mifepristone for subjects with psychotic depression who were taking no concomitant psychiatric medications. Method: Twenty subjects with a DSM-IV major depressive episode with psychotic features (for convenience we use the term psychotic depression) taking no psychotropic medications were given a 6-day course of mifepristone and followed as inpatients for a total of 8 weeks. Nonblinded ratings using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) and Clinical Global Impressions scale (CGI) were performed at baseline and at the end of weeks 1, 4, and 8. The Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) was also administered at baseline and after weeks 4 and 8. Subjects were recruited between February 2003 and December 2003. Results: Significant improvements in HAM-D and CGI scores were shown after 1 week and between weeks 1 and 4 but not between weeks 4 and 8. BPRS scores improved significantly after week 4, while the improvement in BPRS scores between weeks 4 and 8 was of borderline significance. Conclusion: Mifepristone appears to be a useful intervention for psychotic depression, leading to significant improvements even after a 1-week course of administration. Issues related to its optimal dosing and to prediction of response are discussed, as are the implications of lack of a placebo group and the use of nonblinded ratings in the present study.
Living ability and cognitive function ameliorated by low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with post-stroke depression: Comparison with drug plus psychological treatment$$$ Aim: To investigate the effect of low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on the ability in activities of daily life and cognitive function in patients with post-stroke depression accompanied by cognitive obstacles. Methods: Sixty patients with post-stroke depression accompanied by mild cognitive obstacles, who were treated in the First Affiliated Hospital, Medical College of Shantou University between May 2001 and May 2002, were randomly divided into treatment group(n = 30) and control group(n = 30). All the patients in both groups received routine drug treatment of vasodilators and neuronutrition, fluoxetine was taken at one draught 20 mg per day for 8 weeks as a course, besides, patients in the treatment group were treated with low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, their bilateral frontal lobes were stimulated with 60% of the maximal stimulus intensity, 30 times for each side, the frequency was 0.5 Hz, one sequence every day for continuous 5 days as a course, they were treated for 4 weeks successively with an interval of 2 days between courses. The depressive symptoms were assessed with Hamilton depressive scale(24 items, if the score was lower than 8, it was taken as no depression, and more than 24 as severe depression), cognitive function was evaluated with mini-mental state examination, and the abilities in activities of daily life were assessed with Barthel index(10 items, and 10 points for each item; the higher the score, the better the ability) before treatment and 8 weeks after treatment respectively. Results: According to actual treatment, all the 60 patients completed the treatment. 1 Depressive status: The score of Hamilton depressive scale in the treatment after treatment group was obviously ameliorated and lower than that before treatment and that in the control group after treatment (6 ± 5, 21 ± 8, 13 ± 7, P < 0.01); 2 Cognitive function: The score of mini-mental state examination after treatment in the treatment group was significantly increased as compared with that before treatment, also higher than that in the control group after treatment (24 ± 7, 14 ± 4, 18 ± 6, P < 0.01); 3 Abilities in activities of daily life: The Barthel index after treatment in the treatment group was higher than that before treatment and that in the control group after treatment(78 ± 12, 34 ± 9, 53 ± 10, P < 0.05). Conclusion: Low frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation can relieve the depressive symptoms of patients with post-stroke depression, it also promotes the recoveries of their emotion, cognitive function and abilities in activities of daily life. Its effect is superior to that of drug plus psychological treatment.
The comparative hemodynamic effects of methohexital and remifentanil in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Remifentanil is a short acting opioid frequently used to supplement general anesthesia for brief procedures. Narcotic agents are known for their ability to blunt autonomic responses to stimuli such as laryngoscopy and intubation and do not alter seizure threshold. We hypothesized that the combination of remifentanil and methohexital for induction would produce favorable suppression of sympathetic response during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). With Institutional Review Board approval and informed consent, patients were enrolled in a prospective, randomized, double-blind, crossover study of methohexital alone versus remifentanil with an adjuvant of low-dose methohexital. One hundred ten ECT treatments were evaluated and subjects were treated in an alternating fashion with one of two induction protocols: Methohexital alone in an 80-100 mg IV bolus or remifentanil 500 meg IV bolus combined with methohexital 40 mg IV Bilateral ECT was performed in standard fashion and systolic blood pressure and heart rate were recorded throughout the procedure. No significant differences were found in baseline hemodynamic values between the two groups. Heart rate was significantly lower in the remifentanil group versus methohexital group at one minute post-induction and just prior to ECT stimulus. Pre-ECT systolic blood pressure was not significantly different between the two groups. Heart rate remained lower in the remifentanil group at all measured timepoints during the treatment and continuously for five minutes after the seizure. Systolic blood pressure was significantly lower at one minute following the end of seizure and five minutes after end of seizure. Remifentanil's short duration of action, favorable side effect profile, potential proconvulsant activity and ability to suppress hemodynamic response make it a potential novel drug for ECT induction. Copyright © 2005 by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
The role of pharmacologic treatment guidelines for bipolar disorder$$$ With the growth in the number of pharmacologic options available for the treatment of bipolar disorder, clinicians face a challenge in appropriately selecting and sequencing newer and older treatments. Because evidence-based practice has been suggested as a way to improve outcomes across specialties in medicine, a number of practice guidelines and treatment algorithms for bipolar disorder have been developed to aid clinical decision-making. Most of these guidelines and algorithms are based on detailed reviews of the medical literature, with an emphasis on systematic reviews and randomized, controlled trials. Some guidelines incorporate a consensus of expert opinion when the literature does not provide clear evidence. This review examines areas of overlap and discordance in practice guidelines issued by the American Psychiatric Association and the British Association for Psychopharmacology, as well as treatment algorithms developed by the Expert Consensus Guideline Series and the Texas Medical Algorithm Project.
Strategies for producing faster acting antidepressants$$$ Existing antidepressant treatments exhibit limited efficacy and a slow onset of action. Several neurobiological adaptive mechanisms might delay the clinical effects of antidepressants, whose therapeutic action is primarily triggered by an increase of serotonergic and noradrenergic neurotransmission. Here, we review several potential mechanisms that could be useful to increase the speed of current antidepressant drugs, such as additional blockade of aminergic autoreceptors or antagonism of certain postsynaptic (5-HT 2A, 5-HT2C) receptors. The potential use of strategies not based on monoaminergic transmission, such as CRF and NK1 receptor antagonists, or more novel strategies, based on glutamatergic or GABAergic transmission or on intracellular messengers, are also reviewed. © 2005 Elsevier Ltd. All rights reserved.
Peripheral nerve blocks result in superior recovery profile compared with general anesthesia in outpatient knee arthroscopy$$$ It has been suggested that use of peripheral nerve blocks (PNBs) may have some potential benefits in the outpatient setting. There have been no studies specifically comparing PNBs performed with short-acting local anesthetics with general anesthesia (GA) in patients undergoing outpatient knee surgery. We hypothesized that a combination of lumbar plexus and sciatic blocks using a short-acting local anesthetic will result in shorter time-to-discharge-home as compared with GA. Patients scheduled to undergo knee arthroscopy were randomized to receive a GA (midazolam, fentanyl, propofol, N2O/O 2/desflurane via laryngeal mask airway) or lumbar plexus/sciatic block (PNBs; 2-chloroprocaine). Patients given GA also received an intraarticular injection of 20 mL 0.25% bupivacaine for postoperative pain control. Patients in the PNB group were given midazolam (up to 4 mg) and alfentanil (500-750 μg) before block placement and propofol 30-50 μg · kg-1 · in-1 for intraoperative sedation. Relevant perioperative times, postanesthesia care unit bypass rate, severity of pain, and incidence of complications were compared between the two groups. Fifty patients were enrolled in the study; 25 patients each received GA or PNBs. Total operating room time did not differ significantly between the 2 groups (97 ± 37 versus 91 ± 42 min). Seventy-two percent of patients receiving PNB met criteria enabling them to bypass Phase I postanesthesia care unit compared with only 24% of those receiving GA (P < 0.002). Time to meet criteria for discharge home (home readiness) and time to actual discharge were significantly shorter for patients given PNBs than for patients given GA (131 ± 62 versus 205 ± 94 and 162 ± 71 versus 226 ± 96, respectively). Under the conditions of our study, the combination of lumbar plexus and sciatic blocks with 2-chloroprocaine 3% was associated with a superior recovery profile compared with GA in patients having outpatient knee arthroscopy. © 2005 by the International Anesthesia Research Society.
Treatment of behavioural symptoms and dementia in Parkinson's disease$$$ Behavioural symptoms such as anxiety, depression and psychosis are common in Parkinson's disease (PD), and dementia occurs in about 90% of the patients. These symptoms can be more disabling than the motor dysfunction and they negatively impact quality of life, increase caregiver distress and are more frequently associated with nursing home placement. Depression can be treated with counselling and pharmacotherapy. Tricyclic antidepressants or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are widely used, but there is still need for controlled clinical trials. Management of psychosis in PD is complex and includes elimination of identifiable risk factors, reduction of polypharmacy and administration of atypical neuroleptics, which can alleviate psychotic symptoms without worsening motor functions. Clozapine is the best documented atypical neuroleptic shown to be effective against psychosis in PD patients. Cholinesterase inhibitors may prove additional benefit in psychotic PD patients. Recent evidence from small double-blind and open-label trials suggests that cholinesterase inhibitors may be effective in the treatment of dementia associated with PD. © 2005 Blackwell Publishing.
Drug treatments for bipolar disorder: 1 - Acute manic or depressive episodes$$$ Bipolar disorder is a severe, chronic mental illness characterised by repeated episodes of mania or hypomania, depression or mixed affective states. Depending on the clinical context, treatment may involve drugs, psychological therapies, social interventions and/or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Here we concentrate on the role of drug treatments for acute manic or depressive episodes in adults with bipolar disorder. A second article will consider their role as maintenance and preventive therapy, and in special situations such as pregnancy.
'Bipolar missed states': The diagnosis and clinical salience of bipolar mixed states$$$ Objective: To explore diagnostic and treatment issues concerning bipolar mixed states. Method: Bipolar mixed states are described and concerns about diagnostic and treatment difficulties are summarized and discussed. Result: Mixed states can present with equal admixtures of depressive or manic symptoms, or more commonly one component predominates. There is fair consensus, although little data, regarding the management of manic mixed states. However depressive mixed states are far more complex both in terms of recognition and management. People suffering from mixed states characteristically present with complaints of depression. Conclusions: The boundaries between depressive mixed states and agitated depression are vague, yet carry substantial therapeutic implications. Bipolar mixed states are often difficult to treat, and tend to take much longer to settle than either pure mania or depression. Furthermore there is data that treatment with antidepressants can worsen the course of mixed states. Hence missed diagnoses can potentially have negative clinical implications. Therefore in this paper the clinical presentation, diagnosis and therapy of mixed states is reviewed with a view to improving management.
Issues in opioid management$$$ Although a universal consensus has evolved concerning the utility of opioids in cancer pain, the use of opioids for the treatment of chronic nonmalignant pain syndromes is much debated in the medical literature. Although for clinical, regulatory, and medicolegal reasons, many clinicians disagree with their use, others find them helpful, with little prevalence of abuse behaviors or intolerable adverse effects. In a review of this topic, several issues of relevance to management decisions, including efficacy, medication compliance, and safety, are evaluated. As a clinically distinct population among chronic pain sufferers, patients with arthritis-associated pain (including rheumatoid and osteoarthritis) are discussed separately. Particularly important issues with regard to prescribing decisions, including divergent goals and expectations, and factors associated with avoidance of withdrawal and addiction, are also evaluated to ensure that management of patients with nonmalignant chronic pain is optimized when opioids are considered.
Comparing the effects of antidepressants: Consensus guidelines for evaluating quantitative reviews of antidepressant efficacy$$$ With increasing numbers of treatment options available for patients with major depression over the last decade and the growing body of evidence describing their efficacy and safety, clinicians often find it difficult to determine the best and most appropriate evidence-based treatment for each patient. Systematic reviews utilizing statistical methods that synthesize and evaluate data from a number of studies have become increasingly more available over the past decade. We review major findings and lessons learned from salient examples of quantitative analyses of antidepressant research and provide recommendations for meta-analysts, journal and grant reviewers, and research 'consumers' (ie, clinicians) for conducting, reporting, and evaluating such analyses.
The treatment of mixed states and the risk of switching to depression$$$ There are few controlled studies evaluating the treatment of bipolar mixed states. Evidence suggests that mixed states may be more responsive to some anticonvulsants than to lithium. Olanzapine alone or in combination with divalproate or lithium has been adequately evaluated in randomized clinical trials involving mixed-state patients, whereas risperidone and quetiapine have not. There is also some evidence demonstrating the efficacy of ziprasidone and aripiprazole. The risk of switching to depression is high in mixed states. Conventional antipsychotics, such as haloperidol, may be less efficacious at protecting against a switch to depression than atypical antipsychotics, divalproate or lithium. When choosing drugs for the treatment of mania, and especially for the treatment of mixed states, their efficacy against manic and depressive symptoms, and their safety in terms of the risk of switching to depression should be taken into account. © 2005 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Making space for the placebo effect in pain medicine$$$ A broad view of the "placebo effect" incorporating neurobiology, individual psychology, epistemology, history, and culture deeply enriches our understanding of these complex and powerful forces and, indeed, urges us to abandon that narrow and logically inconsistent concept for a much more interesting one. We review some of the data and background for such a contention in a thoroughly interdisciplinary way showing how differently presented, but equally "inert," treatments (2 placebo tablets versus 4, for example) can have different effects; how the same inert treatment can act differently in different historical times and cultural places; and how crucial is the attitude of the clinician in shaping these intensely meaningful forces. These matters, which typically are left to chance, to ideology, or to market forces, should be embraced by the scientific community. We believe that fundamental insights into human biology remain to be discovered in this area. © 2005 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Clinical and cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy for depressive illness, schizophrenia, catatonia and mania: Systematic reviews and economic modelling studies$$$ Objectives: To establish the clinical effectiveness and cost-effectiveness of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for depressive illness, schizophrenia, catatonia and mania. Data sources: Electronic bibliographic databases. The reference lists of relevant articles and health services research-related resources were consulted via the Internet. Review methods: Identified studies were examined to ascertain whether they met the inclusion criteria for the review. The study quality of relevant articles was assessed using standard checklists and data were abstracted using standardised forms into a database. Where relevant, results from studies were pooled for meta-analysis. Two economic models were developed primarily based on evidence from the clinical effectiveness analysis and limited quality of life studies. Results: Two good-quality systematic reviews of randomised evidence of the efficacy and safety of ECT in people with depression, schizophrenia, catatonia and mania were identified. Four systematic reviews on non-randomised evidence were also identified, although only one of these could be described as good quality. There was no randomised evidence of the effectiveness of ECT in specific subgroups including older people, children and adolescents, people with catatonia and women with postpartum exacerbations of depression or schizophrenia. The economic modelling results for depression did not demonstrate that any of the scenarios had a clear economic benefit over the others, mainly because of the uncertainty surrounding the clinical effectiveness of the different treatments and the quality of life utility gains. Sensitivity analysis surrounding the cost of ECT and the quality of life. utility values had little effect on the overall results. The results of the model for schizophrenia adapted to include ECT suggest that clozapine is a cost-effective treatment compared with ECT. For patients who fail to respond to clozapine, ECT treatment may be preferred to the comparative treatment of haloperidol/chlorpromazine. Conclusions: Real ECT is probably more effective than sham ECT, but as stimulus parameters have an important influence on efficacy, low-dose unilateral ECT is no more effective than sham ECT. ECT is probably more effective than pharmacotherapy in the short term and limited evidence suggests that ECT is more effective than repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) may improve the antidepressant effect of ECT during the course of treatment. Continuation pharmacotherapy with TCAs combined with lithium in people who have responded to ECT reduces the rate of relapses. Overall, gains in the efficacy of the intervention depending on the stimulus parameters of ECT are achieved only at the expense of an increased risk of cognitive side-effects. Limited evidence suggests these effects do not last beyond 6 months, but there is no evidence examining the longer term cognitive effects of ECT. There is little evidence of the long-term efficacy of ECT. ECT either combined with antipsychotic medication or as a monotherapy is not more effective than antipsychotic medication in people with schizophrenia. More research is needed to examine the long-term efficacy of ECT and the effectiveness of post-ECT pharmacotherapy, the short-term and longer term cognitive side-effects of ECT, and the impact of ECT on suicide and all-cause mortality. Further work is needed to examine the information needs of people deciding whether to accept ECT and how their decision-making can be facilitated. More research is also needed on the mechanism of action of ECT. Finally, the quality of reporting of trials in this area would be vastly improved by strict adherence to the Consolidated Standards of Reporting Trials recommendations. Economic analysis may identify areas in which research would be best targeted by identifying parameters where reducing the level of uncertainty would have the most effect in helping to make the decision on whether ECT is a cost-effective treatment. © Queen's Printer and Controlled of HMSO 2005. All rights reserved.
Efficacy of rapid-rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Objective: To systematically review the literature pertaining to rapid-rate repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) compared with sham therapy for the treatment of a major depressive episode in order to arrive at qualitative and quantitative conclusions about the efficacy of rapid-rate rTMS. Methods: MEDLINE, the Cochrane Library, the mefaRegister of Controlled Trials and abstracts from scientific meetings were searched for the years 1966 until July 2003. The search terms "transcranial magnetic stimulation" and "transcranial magnetic stimulation AND depression" were used. Eighty-seven randomized controlled trials investigating the efficacy of rTMS were referenced on MEDLINE. Nineteen of these involved treatment of a major depressive episode, and these were reviewed. Six met more specific inclusion criteria including the use of rapid-rate stimulation, application to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, evaluation with the 21-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) and use of an intent-to-treat analysis. Scores on the 21-item HAM-D after treatment and standard deviations were extracted from each article for treatment and control subjects. A random-effects model was chosen for the meta-analysis, and the weighted mean difference was used as a summary measure. Results: Six studies that met the inclusion criteria were identified and included in the meta-analysis. Two of these reported a significantly greater improvement in mood symptoms in the treatment versus the sham group. When combined in the meta-analysis, the overall weighted mean difference was -1.1 (95% confidence interval -4.5 to 2,3), and the results of a test for heterogeneity were not significant (χ25 = 5.81, p = 0.33). Conclusions: This meta-analysis suggests that rapid-rate rTMS is no different from sham treatment in major depression; however, the power within these studies to detect a difference was generally low. Randomized controlled trials with sufficient power to detect a clinically meaningful difference are required. © 2005 CMA Media Inc.
Management of pain in older adults$$$ The elderly are often untreated or undertreated for pain. Barriers to effective management include challenges to proper assessment of pain; underreporting on the part of patients; atypical manifestations of pain in the elderly; a need for increased appreciation of the pharmacokinetic and pharmacodynamic changes of aging; and misconceptions about tolerance and addiction to opioids. Physicians can effectively manage pain in the elderly by understanding different types of pain (nociceptive and neuropathic), and appropriate use of nonopioid, opioid, and adjuvant medications. Opioids have become more widely accepted for treating older adults who have persistent pain, but their use requires physicians have an understanding of prevention and management of side effects, opioid titration and withdrawal, and careful monitoring. Placebo use is unwarranted and unethical. Nonpharmacologic approaches to pain management are essential and include osteopathic manipulative treatment, cognitive behavioral therapy, exercise, and spiritual interventions. The holistic and interdisciplinary approach of osteopathic medicine offers an approach that can optimize effective pain management in older adults.
Opioid analgesics for cancer pain in primary care$$$ Each year, around 140,000 people die from cancer in England and Wales,1 about one-quarter of them in the community.2 Two crucial goals in the palliative care of such people are to enhance quality of life and control symptoms. Of particular importance, more than two-thirds of patients with cancer will require opioid analgesics to control pain.3 Since many patients with cancer, including those with advanced disease, aim to spend more time at home rather than in hospital, the primary care team has an important role in managing pain. The team, supported by community clinical nurse specialists and specialist palliative care units, is often responsible for initiating analgesic therapy and for ongoing assessment of patients' pain and analgesic requirements. Here we discuss key issues in using opioids for cancer-related pain in primary care.
Depression, antidepressants and suicidality: A critical appraisal$$$ Regulatory agencies in the United Kingdom and United States have been critically examining the possible link between suicidality and antidepressant use in children and adults, which has resulted in an FDA directive to the manufacturers of all antidepressant medications to add a 'black box' warning that describes the increased risk of suicidal behaviour in children and adolescents who take antidepressants. A crucial issue in this debate, as we discuss here, is the assessment of the capacity of antidepressants to increase suicidality over and above what is caused by the underlying disorder, major depression, which is itself the principal cause of suicide.
The evolving role of spinal agents in acute pain$$$ Local anesthetics and opioids were among the earliest pharmacologic agents used for intrathecal injection. Side-effect profiles have limited the use of additional agents and, after a century of clinical use, local anesthetics and opioids remain the most widely used intrathecal or epidural medications. Copyright © 2005 by Current Science Inc.
Structural and functional models of depression: From sub-types to substrates$$$ Objective: To present a functional model of depression facilitating research and clinical understanding. Method: The authors conducted a systematic literature search and reviewed articles pertaining to the neurochemistry and pathophysiology of depressive disorders, focusing on the contribution made by the principal monoamines to three differing depressive structural sub-types (i.e. psychotic, melancholic and non-melancholic). Results: We suggest that the three structural depressive subtypes appear functionally underpinned by differential contributions of serotonergic, noradrenergic and dopaminergic neurotransmitters, so influencing phenotypic distinction (our structural model) and allowing an aetiological model to be derived with treatment specificity implications. Conclusion: The functional model logically iterates with the structural model of depression and provides a useful framework for conceptualizing the depressive disorders. This model provides a logic for distinguishing between principal depressive subtypes, pursuing their functional underpinnings and explaining treatment differential effects across the three sub-types. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2005.
Review of awakening agents$$$ Brain injuries are a serious burden of illness to Canada and the US. Advances in managing head trauma have allowed more patients to emerge from decreased levels of consciousness and helped them cope with neurocognitive, neurobehavioural, and neuropsychiatric deficits. In this article, we review the current (1986-2002) evidence surrounding the pharmacological management of arousal states and the aforementioned neurological sequelae of head injury in either acute or chronic conditions. This article will review the evidence for the use of psychostimulants (methylphenidate), antidepressants (amitriptyline, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, and buproprion), Parkinson's medications (amantadine, bromocriptine, carbidopa/levodopa), anticonvulsants (valproic acid), modafinil (Provigil), lactate, hyperbaric oxygen chamber, electroconvulsive therapy, and transmagnetic stimulation, in patients following a head injury. The review did not include all anticonvulsants, neuroleptics, beta-blockers, benzodiazepines, azospirones or cognitive enhancers. Unfortunately, the quality of the evidence is generally poor, and sometimes conflicting, which in turn results in indecisive guidelines for treating patients. Accepting the inherent flaws in the evidence we feel that this paper may serve as a stepping-stone for future researchers to improve data gathering that targets neurocognitive, neurobehavioural and neuropsychiatric symptoms following a head injury.
Alternatives to injectable opioids for acute analgesia$$$ • General practitioners manage the majority of patients with acute pain in the community. • After a full clinical assessment, patients with acute pain should receive a multimodal management plan to control the acute pain and reduce recurrence or development of chronic pain. • Opioids may form part of this plan if the pain is moderate to severe and not relieved by other measures. • There are noninjectable alternatives to injectable opioids, and these are at least as efficacious, better tolerated and less addictive. • Of the injectable opioids, pethidine is the least reliably efficacious and the most toxic, most prone to drug interactions and most addictive, and so should be avoided.
Research and progression of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a kind of neuroelectrophysiological technique that can interfere the function of human brain noninvasively. Studies from recent years show that rTMS has made much progression in the treatment of depression, which makes this technique a prospective therapy for depression. However, the differences in patients' factors, stimulation and stimulation parameters influence the therapeutic effects at different degrees, which will be reviewed in the following study. Data sources: English-language studies about rTMS therapy and depression between January 1990 and October 2004 were searched for in Medline database by using the key words of "repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, depression". Study selection: After primary examination, the randomized and double-blind controlled trials were selected, excluding the obvious non-randomized or non-controlled clinical studies. Data extraction: Totally 31 relevant literatures were collected. Of the 31 literatures, 20 studies were according with the selection criteria for data and 11 were excluded because of case-report or review (9 articles) and Meta analytic studies(2 articels). Data synthesis: rTMS improved depressive symptoms in 348 patients with depression and was ineffective on 26 patients reported by the 20 articles. Conclusion: rTMS is an effective treatment tool for depression, and proper patients' factors, stimulation positions and parameters can increase the clinical efficacy of rTMS.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation accelerates the antidepressant effect of amitriptyline in severe depression: A double-blind placebo-controlled study$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a noninvasive method to stimulate the cortex, and the treatment of depression is one of its potential therapeutic applications. Three recent meta analyses strongly suggest its benefits in the treatment of depression. The present study investigates whether repetitive TMS (rTMS) accelerates the onset of action and increases the therapeutic effects of amitriptyline. Forty-six outpatients meeting DSM-IV criteria for nonpsychotic depressive episode were randomly assigned to receive rTMS (n = 22) or sham repetitive TMS (sham) (n = 24) during 4 weeks over dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) in this double-blind controlled trial. All patients were concomitantly taking amitriptyline (mean dose 110 mg/d). The rTMS group received 20 sessions (5 sections per week) of 5 Hz rTMS (120% of motor threshold and 1250 pulses per session). Sham stimulation followed the same schedule, however, using a sham coil. The efficacy variables were the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale-17 items (HAM-D/17), the Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), a Visual Analogue Scale (VAS), and the Clinical Global Impression (CGI). Tolerability was assessed by clinical examination and a safety screening of TMS side effects. Repetitive TMS had a significantly faster response to amitriptyline. There was a significant decrease in HAM-D/17 scores, already after the first week of treatment (p <. 001 compared with baseline and p <. 001 compared with sham). The decrease in HAM-D/17 scores in the rTMS group was significantly superior compared with the sham group throughout the study (p <. 001 at fourth week). Repetitive TMS at 5 Hz accelerated the onset of action and augmented the response to amitriptyline.
New drugs, old problems. Revisiting: Pharmacological management of treatment-resistant depression$$$ Effective pharmacological management of depression resistant to antidepressant medication is best carried out in the context of a supportive and collaborative relationship, following a mutually agreed care plan. Simpler pharmacological approaches such as switching antidepressant classes are tried first, then augmentation is used if needed. New classes of antidepressants have made antidepressant combination a popular augmentation strategy, but lithium addition has most supporting evidence. The use of atypical antipsychotics as augmenting agents is increasing. For patients unresponsive to these strategies, monoamine oxidase inhibitors and electroconvulsive therapy remain important. Large randomised pragmatic trials are needed to help clinicians and patients make better treatment choices.
Randomised controlled trial of patient controlled analgesia compared with nurse delivered analgesia in an emergency department$$$ Objective: To compare effectiveness, safety, and patient satisfaction of patient controlled analgesia (PCA) with titrated, intravenous opioid injections for the management of acute traumatic pain in the emergency department (ED). Methods: The study took place in the ED of a teaching hospital. Patients suffering traumatic injury requiring opioid analgesia, and meeting other inclusion criteria, were consented and randomised to either the study group or control group. The study group were given morphine through the PCA system, whereas the control group were given morphine via the conventional route of nurse titration. Pain levels were measured using a visual analogue scale. Both groups had their vital signs (blood pressure, pulse, oxygen saturations, Glasgow coma score, respiratory rate) and pain scores monitored at 0, 15, 30, 45, 60, 90, and 120 minutes, and any adverse events were noted. Patients were followed up with a questionnaire asking about their experience of pain relief in the department. Results: 86 patients were recruited to the study, 43 in each group. There was no significant difference between the groups in terms of pain relief (p = 0.578) and patient satisfaction (p = 0.263). No severe adverse events were observed, although 20.7% (n = 9) of the PCA group experienced mild sedation compared with 7% (n = 3) of the control group. Conclusions: PCA is at least as effective as titrated intravenous injections for relief of traumatic pain. It has considerable potential for use in the ED.
Gender differences in clinical presentation and response to sertraline treatment of generalized anxiety disorder$$$ Objective. To evaluate gender differences in the clinical presentation of generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and response to sertraline treatment. Methods. Adult outpatients who met DSM-IV criteria for GAD with a minimum Hamilton rating scale for anxiety (HAM-A) total score ≥ 18 were randomized to 12 weeks of double-blind treatment with flexible doses (50-150 mg) of sertraline (n = 182; female, 59%) or placebo (n = 188; female, 51%). Results. Clinical presentation of GAD was very similar in men and women in terms of the severity of the HAM-A psychic factor, severity of concomitant depression symptoms, duration of GAD, quality of life and impairment in physical health. Women had an earlier age of onset and higher HAM-A somatic factor scores compared with men. For both men and women, treatment with sertraline resulted in greater change from baseline to endpoint on the HAM-A compared with placebo (adjusted change ± SE: men: -12.1 ± 0.9 vs -8.8 ± 0.9; women: -11.4 ± 0.8 vs -7.1 ± 0.9, p < 0.001); the interaction between gender and treatment group was not significant, nor was there a significant difference between the average change from baseline for men compared with women. Similarly, responder rates based upon clinical global impression - improvement (CGI-I) scores at endpoint showed no significant interaction between gender and treatment, nor was there a significant difference in the response rates by gender; however, the response rate of sertraline compared with placebo was significantly different (p < 0.0001) (men: 64% vs 40%; women: 62% vs 34%). Similar findings were evident at week 4 assessment and for completers (week 12). Overall, sertraline was well tolerated by both men and women. Conclusion. Women and men with GAD showed similar clinical presentations, with the exception that women had an earlier age of onset and reported more somatic anxiety symptoms. Sertraline was an effective and well tolerated treatment for GAD in both men and women. Copyright © 2004 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Antidepressant therapy in idiopathic Parkinson's disease$$$ The co-occurrence of depression and Parkinson's disease (PD) is common. Antidepressant treatment is necessary as depression has been shown to have a negative influence on activities of daily living, cognitive performance and quality of life in PD patients. The limited number of double-blind, placebo-controlled studies offers insufficient evidence for the efficacy and safety of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRI) and tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) in the treatment of depression in PD with the exception of a possible efficacy of nortriptyline. In the absence of evidence based trials, trial-treatment is recommended by the American Psychiatric Association (APA) and the American Academy of Neurology (AAN). Guidelines favor a first-choice treatment with SSRIs over the treatment with TCAs because of the risk of a potential negative influence on cognition and perception due to the anticholinergic properties of TCAs.
Antidepressant treatment of psychotic major depression: Potential role of the σ receptor$$$ Psychotic major depression is a severe condition that frequently proves difficult-to-treat. The most effective traditional treatments (electroconvulsive therapy and combinations of antipsychotics with tricyclic antidepressants) are associated with significant side effects, and the use of tricyclic antidepressants alone is largely ineffective. Recent evidence has indicated that the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, either alone or in combination with antipsychotics, may provide a desirable alternative to traditional treatments. Among selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, fluvoxamine has been the best studied and, somewhat surprisingly, has proven effective in several studies as a monotherapy without the need to combine with an antipsychotic. It is proposed that the apparent efficacy of fluvoxamine in psychotic major depression may be related to its unique property of high affinity for the σ1 receptor, which is thought to play a role in psychosis and in the action of some antipsychotic drugs.
Rapid cycling bipolar disorder$$$ Rapid cycling bipolar disorder is one of the forms of this illness most difficult to treat effectively. The phenomenon of rapid cycling tends to appear late in the course of the disorder, occurs more frequently among females, and is more frequently seen in patients with type II bipolar disorder. The first step in the management of rapid cycling bipolar disorder is thorough assessment of possible medications or environmental factors that may be destabilizing the disorder, and contributing to recurrence of episodes, increasing cycle frequency, or both. Although most evidence come from open series and case reports, one blinded, randomized study also supports the opinion that all currently approved antidepressant drugs pose some risk for increasing cycle frequency. Among clinically available monotherapies, valproate and lamotrigine, and some second generation antipsychotics like olanzapine appear to be clinically most useful. Electroconvulsive therapy may also prove efficacious in selected cases. The present paper provides a critical review of the evidence for the foregoing clinical issues in rapid cycling.
Fatty acid concentrations in depressive patients during a repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS)$$$ In depression a dysbalance of Omega-3- and Omega-6-fatty acids (FA) is discussed. Results of studies with repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) showed an antidepressive efficacy. The aim of our study was to measure the FA-concentrations in depressive patients during a repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. Correlations between severity of depression and fatty acid concentrations were analyzed. 30 patients with depression were included in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study using two different real stimulation procedures. The patients received either an high frequency rTMS over left, a low frequency rTMS over right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex or a sham stimulation over 10 days. Severity of depression, psychomotor retardation and concentrations of FA were analyzed at baseline and after the rTMS treatment phase. Severity of depression was reduced in all groups. Regarding psychomotor retardation a significant reduction was evident after real rTMS. After high frequency rTMS a significant increase of the quotient of FA in comparison to the other kind of rTMS occurred. The valence of FA-concentrations as a marker for response to antidepressive treatment will be discussed. © 2005 Schattauer GmbH.
New brain stimulation methods as antidepressant treatment: A research update$$$ In the area of non-pharmacological approaches for the treatment of depression, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) gains increasing interest, because of its effectiveness in pharmacotherapy-resistant depressions. Beside ECT, new methods of brain stimulation are currently investigated that could theoretically have similar effectiveness as ECT with the advantage af fewer side effects: Prefrontal repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS), Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS), and Magnetic Seizure Therapy (MST). All mentioned methods are being tested in clinical studies. The largest body of evidence has been published in the field of rTMS. VNS is theoretically an interesting long-term intervention, e.g. in case of high rates of relapses. Promising long-term data from an open study are available, however, results of a first placebo-controlled study have not been published yet. MST is methodologically similar to ECT, but is probably able to locate and dose the seizure stimulation more precisely. Hence it might show reduced side effects compared with ECT. © 2005 Schattauer GmbH.
Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in Major Depressive Disorder in children and adolescents (ratio of benefits/risks)$$$ Major depressive disorder in children and adolescents is associated with high risk of suicide and persistent functional impairment. While psychological treatments are used as a first line treatment in mild and moderately severe depression in this age group, the number of prescriptions for antidepressant medication (SSRI) has grown in recent years. Recently, FDA and MHRA advised that most of SSRI should not be used to treat MDD under the age of 18 years. They may increase the risk of suicidal thoughts and self harm. We reviewed the recent literature on efficacy and suicide risks of SSRI in depressed young people. Conflicting findings of SSRI efficacy have been reported in clinical studies. The discrepancies could be related to the heterogeneous samples and the absence of a standard definition of treatment effectiveness. In randomised placebo-controlled antidepressant clinical trials (RCT), the assessment of treatment effectiveness is commonly made with the CDRS-R (improvement of 20 % or 30% or 40%) and CGI. SSRI demonstrated significantly, but modest, improvement compared with placebo in CGI score of 1 or 2: 10% more for sertraline, 16.8% more for paroxetine and between 16 to 24% more for fluoxetine. In adults, RCT studies have shown placebo response rates of 30% to 50%, drug response rates of 45 % to 50 % and drug-placebo differences of 18% to 25%. The highest placebo response rates, in young people, maybe related to the highly selected group not representative of the general population of depressed patients and/or to the high youths' sensibility of psychotherapy. Patients participating in antidepressant clinical trials have a low BDI and CDI in Emslie's study for example (2002). In adults, previous reports suggest that SSRI use is associated with increased suicidal risk. But the analyse of 48 277 depressed patients participating in RCT for nine FDA approved antidepressants fail to support an overall difference in suicide risk between antidepressants (SSRI) and placebo treated subjects (32). An inverse relationship between regional change in use of antidepressants (increased) and suicide (decreased) is found in young people in United States from 1990 and 2000 (44). We can not draw a conclusion from few studies with few participants. None suicide have been reported in pharmacological studies. And the link between «suicidality» and MDD can not be excluded. The instruments of assessment in depressed young patients are based on extensions of adult procedures. Whereas clinical picture of MDD in children, adolescents and adults have some differences. Depressed youngsters have more pronounced mood lability. Depressed adolescents have more anhedonia than depressed children. Future investigations into the efficacy and safety of treatments for children and adolescents depression should use specific instruments directly built on phenomenological and clinical picture of depressed children and adolescents. Comparison studies of pharmacotherapy, specific psychotherapies (not only CBT) and combined therapies are necessary to identify the adolescents who will benefit the most from specific or combined therapies. Further studies into the factors that influence treatment outcome including clinical picture (clinical dimensions, severity, duration, co morbidity), genetic factor, age, and illness course may help identify appropriate treatments for children and adolescents with MDD. Studies should include patients more severely ill, with associated psychiatric troubles, treatment resistance, history of relapses... In clinical studies, the link between «suicidality» and some clinical dimensions (which take part in clinical picture or not) must be analysed by assessing anhedonia, hopelessness feel, impulsive trait, borderline personality, familial interaction, biological indices. New treatment should be expand and their efficacy and safety must be study: St John's worth, Bright light therapy, Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation. In practice: suicide and MDD have a strongest relation and it must be investigate systematically during the course of MDD. The suicide risk increases in the context of past history of suicide attempts, hopelessness, psychosis, impulsivity traits, substance abuse, familial dysfunction, life events, open access of arms. The use of SSRI in depressed children and adolescents is also the question of the quality and the support of the consultant and the mode of the prescription.
Bipolar disorder in older persons: Perspectives and new findings$$$ Older patients with BP disorder have been relatively under-served. The studies in this issue illustrate use of various methods for meeting research challenges in this population, including analysis of administrative databases and of randomized prospective trials. They reflect the many dimensions and opportunities that exist for research aimed at improving clinical care. © 2005 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Electroconvulsive therapy: A selected review$$$ Since its introduction in 1938, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has remained an important treatment for selected serious neuropsychiatrie illnesses and continues to be one of the most effective treatments in psychiatry. ECT has evolved into a technically sophisticated procedure with a proven track record of safety. For this review, the authors relied heavily on the database from the APA Task Force Report on ECT (2001), updated with additional searches of computerized literature databases for the period 1999-2003. The review is necessarily a selective one, given the exponential growth of literature in the field. The authors attempt to summarize key areas of ECT practice, informed by relevant research findings and expert consensus when applicable. The authors also point out areas of controversy and gaps in our present knowledge. Although this review summarizes the scientific literature about the use of ECT generally, emphasis is given to describing literature pertaining to the treatment of geriatric patients when such information is available or when older patients or the disorders from which they suffer merit special consideration. © 2005 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Maintenance treatment outcomes in older patients with bipolar I disorder$$$ Objective: The efficacy and tolerability of mood stabilizers in older adults with bipolar disorder remains understudied. Authors retrospectively examined response to lamotrigine, lithium, and placebo in older (≥age 55) adults with Bipolar I disorder (DSM-IV) who participated in two mixed-age, maintenance studies examining time to intervention for an emerging mood episode (manic/hypomanic/mixed or depressed) and drug tolerability. Methods: In all, 588 patients received double-blind lamotrigine (LTG, 100 mg-400 mg/day), lithium (Li, 0.8 mEq/L-1.1 mEq/L), or placebo (PBO); data from 98 older adults (LTG: 33, Li: 34, PBO: 31) were examined. Mean modal total daily doses were LTG 240 mg and Li 750 mg. Results: LTG significantly delayed time to intervention for any mood episode and for a depressive episode, compared with placebo. Li significantly delayed time to intervention for mania/hypomania/mixed compared with placebo. Back pain and headache were the most common adverse events during LTG treatment; rash: LTG, 3%; Li, 6%; and PBO, 0; no serious rash was reported. The most common adverse events (>10%) during lithium treatment were dyspraxia, tremor, xerostomia, headache, infection, amnesia, dizziness, diarrhea, nausea, and fatigue. Conclusion: Lamotrigine and lithium may be effective and well-tolerated maintenance therapies for older adults with Bipolar I depression. © 2005 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Cerebrovascular disease and late-life depression$$$ Depression may occur as a result of vascular disease in a significant subpopulation of elderly persons. Indirect support for vascular disease as an underlying etiology of late-life depression includes the high rate of depression in patients with vascular disease, the frequency of "silent stroke" and white-matter hyperintensities in late-life depression, and the lower frequency of positive family histories of depression in such patients. The authors evaluate the associations of late-life depression with cerebrovascular disease by reviewing the existing pathophysiological, prognosis, and treatment-outcomes studies. Findings are based on review of the current literature systematically searched in electronic databases. Review of such studies indicates a high frequency of depression in older patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular diseases, and the possibility of a bidirectional relationship between depression and vascular disease. Studies examining patients with vascular depression have found that such patients have different symptom profiles, greater disability, and higher risk for poorer outcomes than those with nonvascular depression. Since the vascular depression hypothesis was proposed as a conceptual framework, evidence has accumulated that patients with vascular depression may have poorer outcomes that may be related in part to executive dysfunction and consequent disability. However, the association of vascular risk factors with geriatric depression has not been consistent in the studies to-date. Although an association between a subset of late-life depression and vascular disease is clear, significant gaps remain in our understanding. Further research is needed to establish the precise linkages and interactions between vascular disease and geriatric depression. © 2005 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Zinc and depression. An update$$$ Unsatisfactory clinical efficacy and a variety of adverse effects of current antidepressant drugs have incited search for better therapy. Zinc, an antagonist of the glutamate/N-methyl-D-aspartate (NMDA) receptor, exhibits antidepressant-like activity in rodent tests/models of depression. Similarly to antidepressants, zinc induces brain derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF) gene expression and increases level of synaptic pool of zinc in the hippocampus. Clinical observations demonstrated serum hypozincemia in depression, which was normalized by effective antidepressant treatment. Moreover, our preliminary clinical study demonstrated the benefit of zinc supplementation in antidepressant therapy. All the data indicate the important role of zinc homeostasis in psychopathology and therapy of depression and potential clinical antidepressant activity of this ion. Copyright © 2005 by Institute of Pharmacology Polish Academy of Sciences.
Combined preemptive and preventive analgesia in morbidly obese patients undergoing open gastric bypass: A pilot study$$$ Purpose: It is difficult to balance adequate pain control against the risk of sedation and depressed breathing in severely obese patients. This study assesses the effects of combined preemptive and preventive analgesia on narcotic use after open gastric bypass. Methods: Twenty patients were randomized in this prospective double-blind trial comparing preoperative 30 mg intravenous ketorolac (Toradol), 0.25% subcutaneous bupivacaine (Marcaine) with epinephrine along the planned incision, and 0.25% bupivacaine in the rectus fascia before closing with identical injections with 0.9% saline. The patients' self-assessed pain on a visual analogue scale (VAS) and total narcotic use by patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) and rescue medication were recorded. Results: Age, body mass index (BMI), incision length, and operative times were similar between the two groups, as was the average length of hospital stay (2.9 days). Self-reported pain was less in the treatment group 1 hour postoperatively (P = .01). Narcotic use was less in the treatment group during the first 2 hospital days (51% less on day 1 vs 44.5% less on day 2). Total narcotic use during the hospital stay was reduced by 40% (P = .02). Conclusions: Patients receiving combined preemptive and preventive analgesia used significantly less narcotic pain medication than the patients receiving placebo. The effect lasted beyond the duration of action of the local anesthetic. © 2005 American Society for Bariatric Surgery.
Psychiatric complications in Parkinson disease$$$ Although Parkinson disease (PD) is primarily considered a movement disorder, the high prevalence of psychiatric complications suggests that it is more accurately conceptualized as a neuropsychiatric disease. Affective disorders, cognitive impairment, and psychosis are particularly common in PD and are associated with excess disability, worse quality of life, poorer outcomes, and caregiver distress. Yet, in spite of this and their frequent occurrence, there is incomplete understanding of the epidemiology, phenomenology, risk factors, neuropathophysiology, and optimal treatment strategies for these disorders. Psychiatric complications are typically comorbid, and there is great intra- and inter-individual variability in presentation. The hallmark neuropathophysiological changes that occur in PD plus the association between exposure to dopaminergic medications and certain psychiatric disorders suggest a neurobiological basis for most psychiatric symptoms, although psychological factors are probably involved in the development of affective disorders. Although antidepressants, antipsychotics, and cognition-enhancing agents are commonly prescribed in PD, controlled studies demonstrating efficacy and tolerability of these drugs are virtually nonexistent. Because of the high prevalence and complexity of psychiatric complications in PD, geriatric psychiatrists are in a position to offer valuable consultation and clinical care to this population. This article provides an overview of the epidemiology, pathophysiology, clinical presentation, and management of the most common psychiatric complications in PD. © 2005 American Association for Geriatric Psychiatry.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add-on antidepressant treatment. The applicability of the method in a clinical setting$$$ Recent research indicates that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) over the frontal cortex has an antidepressant effect. The aim of the present pilot study was to assess the antidepressant effect, side-effects and the applicability in daily clinical practice of left prefrontal high-frequency rTMS. Fifteen inpatients with major depression (ICD-10 and DSM-IV) were randomized to receive 15 days of real left prefrontal high-frequency rTMS (20 trains of 10 s, 60-s interval, 10 Hz, 90% of motor threshold) or sham rTMS as add on to conventional antidepressant treatment. Depressive symptoms and side-effects were evaluated blindly during the treatment period. Five out of eight patients receiving real rTMS suffered from local discomfort during treatment. Three of them dropped out and the project was closed for that reason. Real rTMS did not add efficacy to standard antidepressant medication. This pilot study did not confirm the antidepressant effect of left frontal high-frequency rTMS. Unwanted effects led to considerable patient drop-out and premature termination of the study. The result suggests that alternative treatment delivery technology should be considered. © 2004 Taylor & Francis.
Mood state at study entry as predictor of the polarity of relapse in bipolar disorder$$$ Of the placebo-controlled maintenance studies conducted in bipolar disorder, few have enrolled patients who present depressed. In fact, only lithium and lamotrigine have been studied over the long term with placebo-controlled designs in recently manic and recently depressed bipolar patients. Given the magnitude of the unmet medical need and the data suggesting that symptomatic patients with bipolar disorder spend the majority of their time depressed, this is unfortunate. Our review of the pre-lithium literature and more recent publications suggests that mood state at study entry predicts the polarity of relapse and the response to treatment. Accordingly, a need exists to enroll recently depressed patients in maintenance studies to elucidate the complete spectrum of efficacy of putative mood stabilizers and improve the long-term treatment of bipolar depression. Patients presenting depressed for a maintenance study tend to relapse into depression; those presenting manic, into hypomania/mania/mixed states. This is particularly true during the first several months of the randomized treatment. The polarity of the index episode tends to predict the polarity of relapse into a subsequent episode in a ratio of about 2:1 to 3:1. We conclude that putative mood stabilizers must be tested in recently manic and recently depressed patients to determine their spectrum of prophylactic efficacy.
Etomidate versus propofol for electroconvulsive therapy in patients with schizophrenia$$$ Among drugs used for the anesthesia of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), propofol reduces seizure duration to a greater degree than etomidate. The perceived difference between the 2 anesthetics is smaller in patients with schizophrenia than in patients who suffer depression. In this study, propofol and etomidate were compared during the ECT of patients with schizophrenia, on the basis of their impact on seizure activity and on seizure-induced hemodynamic reactions. Schizophrenics (n = 34) who were treated with ECT participated in this randomized crossover study. Propofol (1 mg/kg) and etomidate (0.2 mg/kg) were used alternately. The 2 drugs were compared on the basis of EEG- and EMG-registered seizure duration, mean arterial pressure (MAP), pulse frequency, energy index, and postictal suppression. We also analyzed the number of necessary restimulations. In case of anesthesia with etomidate, both EEG- (61.29 ± 22.4 s, 47.9 ± 21.3 s P = 0.014) and EMG- (46.3 ± 23.8 s, 33.6 ± 15.9 s P = 0.006) registered seizure durations were significantly longer than in case of propofol. When using propofol, the increase in MAP was significantly lower than when etomidate was used (8.1 ± 10.2 mm Hg, 18.3 ± 11.2 mm Hg, P = 0.001). There were no significant differences found in the postseizure increase in pulse frequency, in postictal suppression, or in the energy index, nor did the numbers of necessary restimulations differ significantly. Propofol was found to reduce seizure duration to a significantly greater extent than etomidate. At the same time, in electrophysiological parameters that show a correlation with clinical efficacy, there was no significant difference found between the 2 anesthetics. However, the seizure-induced increase in MAP was reduced by propofol to a significantly greater degree than by etomidate.
Interventions for treating depression after stroke.$$$ BACKGROUND: Depressive and anxiety disorders following stroke are often undiagnosed or inadequately treated. This may reflect difficulties with the diagnosis of abnormal mood among older people with stroke-related disability, but may also reflect uncertainty about the effectiveness of such therapies in this setting. OBJECTIVES: To determine whether pharmacological, psychological, or electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) of depression in patients with stroke can improve outcome. SEARCH STRATEGY: The Cochrane Stroke Group Trials Register (last searched June 2003). The Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials (The Cochrane Library, Issue 3, 2002), MEDLINE (1966 to September 2002), EMBASE (1980 to September 2002), CINAHL (1982 to September 2002), PsychINFO (1967 to September 2002), Applied Science and Technology Plus (1986 to September 2002), Arts and Humanities Index (1991 to September 2002), Biological Abstracts (1969 to September 2002), General Science Plus (1994 to September 2002), Science Citation Index (1992 to September 2002), Social Sciences Citation Index (1991 to September 2002), and Sociofile (1974 to September 2002). Reference lists from relevant articles and textbooks were searched, and authors of known studies and pharmaceutical companies who manufacture psychotropic medications were contacted. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised and quasi-randomised controlled trials comparing different types of pharmaceutical agents with placebo, or various forms of psychotherapy with standard care (or attention control), in patients with recent, clinically diagnosed, acute stroke, where treatment was explicitly intended of treat depression. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Primary analyses focussed on the prevalence of diagnosable depressive disorder at the end of treatment. Secondary outcomes included depression or mood scores on standard scales, disability or physical function, death, recurrent stroke, and adverse effects. We did not pool the data for summary scores. We performed meta-analysis for only some binary endpoints and data on adverse events. MAIN RESULTS: Nine trials, with 780 participants, were included in the review. Data were available for seven trials of pharmaceutical agents, and two trials of psychotherapy. There were no trials of ECT. The analyses were complicated by the lack of standardised diagnostic and outcome criteria, and differing analytic methods. There was no strong evidence of benefit of either pharmacotherapy or psychotherapy in terms of a complete remission of depression following stroke. There was evidence of a reduction (improvement) in scores on depression rating scales, and an increase in the proportion of participants with anxiety at the end of follow up. REVIEWERS' CONCLUSIONS: This review found no evidence to support the routine use of pharmacotherapeutic or psychotherapeutic treatment for depression after stroke. More research is required before recommendations can be made about the most appropriate management of depression following stroke.
Landiolol attenuates acute hemodynamic responses but does not reduce seizure duration during maintenance electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Maintenance electroconvulsive therapy (mECT) is an outpatient procedure that requires further consideration in terms of management of ambulatory anesthesia. Although many adjunctive drugs for stabilizing hemodynamic changes during ECT have been reported, side-effects of these drugs may delay recovery and discharge from hospital. The effects of landiolol, a novel ultra-short-acting β-adrenergic blocker, have been measured on seizure duration, hemodynamic changes, recovery from anesthesia, and cognitive function during mECT under propofol anesthesia. A total of 10 patients with depression in the remission phase, were studied in a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover manner. Administration of 0.1 mg/kg of landiolol immediately before anesthesia significantly blunted the increase in heart rate and blood pressure during convulsions compared with placebo; landiolol was not associated with excessive hypotension or bradycardia. Landiolol did not affect seizure duration, recovery from anesthesia, or cognitive function before or after ECT. These results suggest that landiolol can be used effectively and safely during mECT.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation associated with antidepressant: Start and intensive of the antidrepressant answer$$$ Objective: Transcranial magnetic stimulation has been developed as a noninvasive method to stimulate the cortex, and the treatment of depression is one of its potential therapeutic applications. This report makes a review about add-on trials (hf-rTMS plus antidepressants) discuss whether rTMS does accelerate the onset of action, and increase the therapeutic effects of antidepressants. Method: The authors review controlled studies of nonconvulsive rTMS therapy for depression associated with antidepressants. In addition, the authors presented a randomized, double-blind, unicentric trial performed at Institute of Psychiatry of Faculty of Medicine of University of São Paulo with patients meeting DSM-IV criteria for non-psychotic severe depressive episode in order to assess if hf-rTMS augments and accelerates the onset of action of amytriptiline. Results: Most data support an antidepressant effect of high-frequency repetitive TMS administered to the left prefrontal cortex. The absence of psychosis might predict treatment success. Technical parameters possibly affecting treatment success include intensity and duration of treatment, but these suggestions require systematic testing. Conclusions: rTMS shows promise as a novel antidepressant treatment. Systematic and large-scale studies are needed to identify patient populations most likely to benefit and treatment parameters most likely to produce success. In addition to its potential clinical role, TMS promises to provide insights into the pathophysiology of depression through research designs in which the ability of rTMS to alter brain activity is coupled with functional neuroimaging.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for obsessive-compulsive disorder and other anxiety disorders$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have been widely studied as a therapeutic method in psychiatric disorders, specially in major depression. In this paper, we have compiled the information from studies concerning the use of rTMS as a therapeutic tool for anxiety disorders: panic disorder (PD), post-traumattic stress disorder (PTSD), generalized anxiety disorder (GAD) and mainly obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD).Three studies have been published concerning treatment of OCD with rTMS, but they are very different in their methods and in the application parameters and location, making it difficult to draw any conclusion about the efficacy of rTMS in this cases. Four studies published on PTSD also showed very ambiguous and hardly comparable data, but a recent double-blind study with positive results is discussed. Very few'inicial investigations are available concerning PD and GAD. Conclusion: Although many studies are mentioned, thete is no conclusive data about the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS in anxiety disorders. It is mainly due to a large number of open-labelled studies with small sample sizes. Therefore, studies with a deeper approach are needed to provide this answers.
Therapeutic alternatives for difficult-to-treat depression: A narrative review of the state of the evidence$$$ Despite the large number of depressed patients who do not respond to first-line antidepressants, the evidence base of alternate strategies is quite thin. In this article, a simple 5-stage system for categorizing treatment-resistant depression (TRD) is described and the evidence pertaining to the major strategies currently utilized is summarized using four grades, ranging from D (case reports only) to A (multiple positive placebo-controlled trials). It is concluded that the level of evidence supporting many of the contemporary strategies used for TRD (eg, combinations of antidepressants and augmentation with medications such as pindolol, buspirone, or modafinil) is scanty at best. Even the fundamental question concerning "to augment or to switch" is not answerable with available data. It is noted that the best-documented treatments (ie, lithium augmentation, switching to a monoamine oxidase inhibitor, and electroconvulsive therapy) are among the least utilized. This state of affairs will improve with completion of the studies of Systematic Treatment Alternatives to Relieve Depression, a large multicenter study of difficult-to-treat depression funded by the National Institute of Mental Health. There is a need for greater collaboration among academicians and organizations, such as the American Psychiatric Association, the National Institute of Mental Health, and the pharmaceutical industry, to ensure that sufficient research is conducted so that clinicians choices for patients with TRD can be guided by empirical evidence.
Therapy of treatment resistant depression: Focus on the management of TRD with atypical antipsychotics$$$ Treatment-resistant depression (TRD) represents a significant challenge for physicians. About one third of patients with major depressive disorder fail to experience sufficient symptom improvement despite adequate treatment. Despite this high occurrence of TRD there was no general consensus on diagnosis criteria for TRD until 1997 when researchers proposed a model of defining and staging TRD. In 1999, others defined operational criteria for the definition of TRD. Treatment of TRD is commonly separated into pharmacologic and nonpharmacologic methods. This review gives a short overview of these two methods. The nonpharmacologic methods include psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, and vagus nerve stimulation. Pharmacologic methods include switching to another antidepressant monotherapy, and augmentation or combination with two or more antidepressants or other agents. This review especially focuses on the augmentation of the antidepressant therapy with atypical antipsychotics.
Critique of the guidelines for the treatment of depression: Flaws in the construction$$$ Objective: To examine the likely utility of the recently published Australian and New Zealand clinical practice guidelines for the treatment of depression. Method: The guidelines are critiqued for their intrinsic logic and their success in extracting potentially valid and useful management templates. Results: This paper provides examples of key limitations to many specific interpretations and conclusions. Conclusions: It is argued that these guidelines are far less precise and informative for clinical practice than they appear and with a disturbing lack of rigour for a document promulgated by a professional college.
Motor cortical excitability and clinical response to rTMS in depression$$$ Background: The relationship between frontal lobe activity in the left and right hemispheres and the pathophysiology of depression remains unclear. In addition, it is uncertain whether levels of frontal or motor cortical excitability relate to clinical response to treatment modalities. We aimed to explore whether motor cortical excitability as assessed with single and paired pulse transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) could be used to predict the response to treatment with repetitive TMS (rTMS) applied to the left or right prefrontal cortex. Methods: Motor thresholds, cortical excitability and cortical inhibition (CI) were assessed prior to a trial of rTMS in patients with treatment resistant depression. Results: There was no consistent pattern of differences in hemispheric activity, although there was a relationship between the degree of psychopathology and cortical excitability (right hemisphere) and an inverse relationship between inhibitory activity and clinical response (left hemisphere). Conclusions: The study does not support a simple model of laterality in motor cortical excitability in depression. The TMS measures used in this study appear to be of limited use in the prediction of clinical response to rTMS. © 2003 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Male depression: A review of gender concerns and testosterone therapy$$$ Depression, which affects approximately 6 million men in the United States, is associated with a high risk of mortality from comorbid medical illness and from suicide. Evidence suggests that depresssion affects men differently than women, and that older men in particular may experience special influences, symptoms, and consequences. The causes of late life depression can be divided into psychological, social, and biological factors. Special considerations for this population include laboratory studies to identify possible secondary medical abnormalities that may either accompany or derive from the depressed mood, and pharmacologic treatments that have been shown to be more efficacious in aging men. Research involving depressed hypogonadal and eugonadal men suggests that depressed men may benefit from testosterone augmentation.
Neuropsychiatric syndromes in adults with intellectual disability: Issues in assessment and treatment$$$ The purpose of this article is to present a survey of important neuropsychiatric issues and recent findings regarding the evaluation and treatment of neuropsychiatric symptoms and syndromes in patients with intellectual disability (ID). The cause of ID, environmental or genetic, can be determined in few patients. Etiology is idiopathic in most patients. ID and psychiatric illness are not mutually exclusive; individuals with ID have increased rates of psychiatric illness. Although recognition of significant axis I psychopathology is important, not all challenging behaviors in persons with ID will have a clear axis I diagnosis. Psychologic, behavioral, and environmental treatments are appropriate measures, but pharmacotherapy often is needed. Our experience has shown us that the more severe, disruptive, and dangerous the behavior, the stronger the indication for empirical drug treatment trials. Community-based models of support with neuropsychiatric intervention can be a potent therapeutic combination in the management of challenging behaviors in individuals with ID. Copyright © 2004 by Current Science Inc.
A 3-month, follow-up, randomized, placebo-controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression.$$$ BACKGROUND/OBJECTIVE: There is evidence for an antidepressant effect of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), but little is known about posttreatment course. Therefore, we conducted a placebo-controlled, double-blind study in depressed patients in order to investigate the effect of rTMS on depression over 12 weeks after completion of the 2-week stimulation period. METHOD: 55 patients with a moderate or severe DSM-IV major depressive episode were randomly assigned to rTMS or sham treatment. rTMS was given daily for 10 days over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex with the following treatment parameters: 20 Hz, 20 trains of 2 seconds, 30 seconds between trains, and 80% motor threshold. The effect of rTMS on depression was rated repeatedly with the 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) during the 2-week period of stimulation and the 12-week follow-up period conducted from 1997 to 2001. RESULTS: We found a modest, clinically nonrelevant decrease in HAM-D scores in both rTMS and sham patients over 2 weeks of treatment. However, over the subsequent 12-week follow-up, the rTMS group continued to improve significantly compared with the placebo group. CONCLUSION: Decrease of depressive symptoms may continue after the cessation of rTMS stimulation.
Interventional effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on patients with depression after traumatic brain injury$$$ Aim: To study the therapeutic effects of low-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on patients with depression after traumatic brain injury (TBI), and explore its mechanism. Methods: Depressive patients after TBI were evaluated by using the Hamilton rating scale for depression (HAMD), and then the positive results were randomly divided into study group (n = 32) and control group (n = 32). All the patients received routine antidepression drug treatment, besides, patients in the study group were treated with rTMS, and they were stimulated with 60% of the maximum stimulus intensity at the bilateral frontal lobes, 30 times to each side with the frequency of 0.5 Hz, once a day. All the patients were evaluated with HAMD and mini-mental state examination (MMSE) and the concentrations of monoamine neurotransmitters in plasma were examined before and after treatment. Results: The scores of HAMD and MMSE after treatment in the study group were (6 ± 6) and (23 ± 5) points, and those in the control group were (12 ± 8) and (18 ± 5) points. The concentration of 5-hydroxytryptamine(5-HT) after treatment was (1.42 ± 0.37) μmol/L in the treatment group and (1.35 ± 0.36) μmol/L in the control group. The concentrations of noradrenaline (NA) in the study group and control group were (0.41 ± 0.04) μmol/L and (0.35 ± 0.05) μmol/L respectively, and there were significant differences between the two groups (t = 2.316, P = 0.034 8, t = 2.177 4, P = 0.035 6, t = 5.743 6, P = 0.008, t = 6.473 2, P = 0.009). The recent effective rate was 90%, while the long-term effective rate needed further observation. Conclusion: Low-frequency rTMS relieves the depressive symptoms and improves the quality of life in patients with depression after TBI.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as an add-on therapy in the treatment of mania: A case series of eight patients$$$ The aim of this study is to assess the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as an add-on therapy in the treatment of manic bipolar patients. Eight patients were enrolled in an open trial. They received fast rTMS (five trains of 15 s, 80% of the motor threshold, 10 Hz) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC). They were evaluated using the Mania Assessment Scale (MAS) and the Clinical Global Impression (CGI) at baseline and at day 14. All patients were taking medication during the treatment trial. There was a significant improvement of manic symptoms at the end of the trial. No side effects were reported. The results show a significant improvement of mania when patients are treated with fast rTMS over the right DLPFC. However, these results have to be interpreted with caution since they derive from an open case series and all the subjects were taking psychotropic medication during rTMS treatment. Double-blind controlled studies with a sham comparison condition should be conducted to investigate the efficiency of this treatment in manic bipolar disorders. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Paradoxical reactions to benzodiazepines: Literature review and treatment options$$$ Benzodiazepines frequently are administered to patients to induce sedation. Paradoxical reactions to benzodiazepines, characterized by increased talkativeness, emotional release, excitement, and excessive movement, are relatively uncommon and occur in less than 1% of patients. The exact mechanism of paradoxical reactions remains unclear. Most cases are idiosyncratic; however, some evidence suggests that these reactions may occur secondary to a genetic link, history of alcohol abuse, or psychological disturbances. This review evaluates the numerous cases of paradoxical reactions to benzodiazepines in adult and pediatric patients that have been reported in the biomedical literature. It also explores the advantages and disadvantages of the various available treatment options.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation and Electroconvulsive Therapy: Complementary or Competitive Therapeutic Options in Depression?$$$ Objective: To examine issues pertaining to the potential clinical roles of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and the relationship of these to the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: A review of studies was carried out comparing the use of rTMS and ECT, with consideration of issues relating to the populations in which rTMS may be applied. Results: There have been a number of randomized comparisons of rTMS and ECT. There are limitations with these studies, but in general they indicate that in non-psychotic patients rTMS appears to have a similar rate of response to ECT and certainly seems to have meaningful clinical effects. There are a number of clinical subpopulations in whom rTMS, but not ECT, is suitable, and assessment of the effectiveness of TMS in these populations is required. Conclusions: Repetitive TMS and ECT are likely to prove to be complementary clinical tools and the introduction of clinical programmes with rTMS will enhance patient options rather than replace the use of ECT.
Depression in Parkinson's disease: Conceptual issues and clinical challenges$$$ Background: Depression frequently accompanies Parkinson's disease (PD) and may have a negative impact on activities of daily living, cognitive performance, and quality of life. Because of the symptom overlap between the 2 disorders, it may be difficult to recognize depression in PD. Moreover, the partially shared pathophysiology may make it difficult to treat depressive symptoms without influencing motor or cognitive function. Objective: To review the current knowledge of the epidemiology, etiology, pathophysiology, and treatment of depression in patients with Parkinson's disease. Method: Discussion of recent studies and relevant literature. Conclusion: Not only conceptually but also in terms of etiology, pathophysiology, and treatment, the relationship between PD and depression remains a challenge. There are still many questions to be answered. In the therapeutic domain, large, placebo-controlled trials are necessary to evaluate the efficacy of antidepressant treatment and allow the development of evidence-based guidelines.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation does not potentiate antidepressant treatment$$$ In a double blind controlled study, rTMS results in a similar antidepressant effect to sham in combination with paroxetine. Both groups had the same delay in scale's scores improvement. rTMS seems not to be efficient as an add-on treatment to pharmacological medication in non-resistant major depression. © 2004 Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation and electroconvulsive therapy: Complementary or competitive therapeutic options in depression?$$$ Objective: To examine issues pertaining to the potential clinical roles of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and the relationship of these to the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Methods: A review of studies was carried out comparing the use of rTMS and ECT, with consideration of issues relating to the populations in which rTMS may be applied. Results: There have been a number of randomized comparisons of rTMS and ECT. There are limitations with these studies, but in general they indicate that in non-psychotic patients rTMS appears to have a similar rate of response to ECT and certainly seems to have meaningful clinical effects. There are a number of clinical subpopulations in whom rTMS, but not ECT, is suitable, and assessment of the effectiveness of TMS in these populations is required. Conclusions: Repetitive TMS and ECT are likely to prove to be complementary clinical tools and the introduction of clinical programmes with rTMS will enhance patient options rather than replace the use of ECT.
Treatment of postpartum depression, part 1: a critical review of biological interventions.$$$ BACKGROUND: While postpartum depression is a major health issue for many women from diverse cultures, this affective condition often remains undiagnosed and untreated. The objective of this article is to critically review the literature to determine the current state of scientific knowledge related to the treatment of postpartum depression from a biological perspective. METHOD: Databases searched for this review included MEDLINE, PubMed, CINAHL, PsycINFO, EMBASE, ProQuest, the Cochrane Library, and the WHO Reproductive Health Library from 1966 to 2003. The search terms used were postpartum/ postnatal depression and randomized controlled/ clinical trials in various combinations. Published peer-reviewed articles in English from 1990 to 2003 were chosen for review, although select earlier studies were also included based on good methodological quality and/or the absence of more recent work. The criteria used to evaluate the interventions were based on the standardized methodology developed by the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force and the Canadian Task Force on Preventive Health Care. RESULTS: Nine studies that met study criteria were examined. The interventions studied included antidepressant medication, estrogen therapy, critically timed sleep deprivation, and bright light therapy. Although some of these interventions have been better studied for depression unrelated to childbirth, methodological limitations render their efficacy equivocal for postpartum depression with limited strong evidence available to guide practice or policy recommendations. CONCLUSIONS: Despite the recent upsurge of interest in this area, many questions remain unanswered, resulting in diverse research implications. In view of the lack of randomized controlled trials, psychiatrists who are experts in the treatment of postpartum mood disorders have developed consensus guidelines. These guidelines will require regular updating as better and stronger evidence emerges.
Post-stroke depression$$$ In most western countries, 0.2 % of the population suffer a stroke each year. One-third of them die over the next year, one-third remain permanently disabled, and the other third make a good recovery. Depression is one of the most common emotional disorders associated with cerebrovascular disease. Longitudinal studies of stroke patients have shown that about 20% of these patients will develop major depression and another 20% will develop minor depression during the first year after stroke. Depression has also been demonstrated to significantly effect clinical recovery and mortality and, more important. Post-stroke depression responds to antidepressant treatment.
Early onset schizophrenia: Diagnostic dilemmas and treatment challenges$$$ Early onset schizophrenia (EOS), which is defined as onset prior to 18 years of age, is associated with significant morbidity, chronicity and psychosocial impairment. EOS appears to be both clinically and neurobiologically continuous with the adult-onset form, although there are some important differences. Although the treatment literature specifically addressing juveniles with schizophrenia is sparse, the adult literature appears to apply, given appropriate developmental considerations. Given the significant morbidity, chronicity and psychosocial impairment associated with EOS, it is imperative that clinicians are familiar with the phenomenology, diagnosis, clinical course and treatment of this disorder. This article provides a brief description of EOS with a focus on treatment modalities, including a detailed review of psychopharmacologic and psychotherapeutic interventions. 2004 © Future Drugs Ltd.
Comparing the effects of 8-week treatment with fluoxetine and imipramine on fasting blood glucose of patients with major depressive disorder$$$ This study was designed to compare the effects of fluoxetine and imipramine on fasting blood glucose (FBG) in patients with major depressive disorder. Sixty nondiabetic patients with major depressive disorder (based on Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, Fourth Edition criteria) entered this randomized, double-blind study. Patients did not receive any medication affecting serum FBG levels for at least 2 weeks before the initiation of the study. Patients were assigned to receive 20 to 40 mg/d of fluoxetine or 75 to 200 mg/d of imipramine for 8 weeks. Pregnant women and patients with diabetes mellitus and a history of any major heart disease were excluded from this study. Additionally, none of the patients should have received electroconvulsive therapy within 6 months before the initiation of the antidepressants. FBG levels were measured at the initiation, as well as 4 and 8 weeks after starting antidepressants. Nineteen patients in the fluoxetine and 24 patients in the imipramine groups completed the study. In the fluoxetine group, FBG level was decreased from 88.5 mg/dL (baseline) to 85.0 mg/dL at week 4 (P = 0.73), and to 79.8 mg/dL at week 8 (P < 0.001). On the other hand, in the imipramine group, FBG level was increased from 86.96 mg/dL (baseline) to 89.71 mg/dL at week 4 (P = 0.079), and to 96.90 mg/dL at week 8 (P < 0.001). This 8-week study showed that FBG levels may decrease in depressive patients receiving fluoxetine and may increase in those patients treated with imipramine. Therefore, it is suggested to measure and monitor FBG before initiation and during treatment with fluoxetine and imipramine.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is as effective as fluoxetine in the treatment of depression in patients with Parkinson's disease$$$ Objective: To study the efficacy of 15 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treating depression in patients with Parkinson's disease. Methods: 42 patients were enrolled into two groups: group 1, active rTMS (15 Hz rTMS for 10 days) and placebo drug treatment; group 2, sham rTMS and fluoxetine 20 mg/day. A specially designed sham coil was used for sham stimulation. The unified Parkinson's disease rating scale (UPDRS), activities of daily living (ADL), Hamilton rating scale for depression (HRSD), Beck depression inventory (BDI), and mini-mental state examination (MMSE) were assessed by a rater blinded to treatment arm. Results: HRSD and BDI were improved to the same extent in both groups affer two weeks of treatment (38% and 32% for group 1, 41% and 33% for group 2, respectively). At week 8 there was a tendency for worse motor UPDRS scores in group 2 (NS). ADL showed improvement at week 8 only in group 1. MMSE improved in both groups after treatment, but faster in group 1 than in group 2. There were fewer adverse effects in group 1 than in group 2. Conclusions: rTMS has the same antidepressant efficacy as fluoxetine and may have the additional advantage of some motor improvement and earlier cognitive improvement, with fewer adverse effects.
Fatigue in multiple sclerosis: Multidimensional assessment and response to symptomatic treatment$$$ Sixty relapsing-remitting multiple sclerosis (MS) patients were selected on the basis of their score on the Fatigue Severity Scale (FSS) and formed two groups: 40 patients (fatigued MS, MSf) scored above the 75th percentile of a previously assessed representative MS sample (100 patients), and 20 age- and sex-matched patients (nonfatigued MS patients; MSnf) scored below the 25th percentile. The patients underwent clinical evaluation (Expanded Disability Status Scale (EDSS)), further assessment of fatigue (Fatigue Impact Scale), scales evaluating depression (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and Beck's Depression Inventory (BDI)) and neuropsychological tests. All patients were evaluated for muscle fatigability and central activation by means of a biomechanical test of sustained contraction; they also underwent somatosensory evoked potentials (SSEPs) and transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). The patients of the MSf subgroup were then randomized to one of the following two treatments: 4-aminopyridine (4-AP) 24 mg/day and fluoxetine (FLX) 20 mg/day. After a one-week titration this treatment proceeded for 8 weeks. At the end of the treatment, EDSS, fatigue and depression scores were further evaluated. At baseline, fatigue test scores consistently correlated with depression and cognitive test scores, but not with the fatigability test. Fatigue scores decreased in both treatment groups in a similar way. Due to the design of the study, this cannot be disjoined from a placebo effect. The changes of fatigue scores could not be predicted in the FLX group, whereas in the 4-AP group higher basal fatigability test scores were associated with greater reduction in fatigue scores. © Arnold 2004.
A background infusion of morphine enhances patient-controlled analgesia after cardiac surgery$$$ Purpose: We compared the efficacy of patient-controlled analgesia (PCA), with or without a background infusion of morphine, on postoperative pain relief in patients extubated in the operating room after-coronary artery bypass grafting (CABG) surgery. Methods: With Faculty Ethics approval, 60 consenting adults undergoing elective coronary artery surgery were randomly assigned to receive either morphine PCA alone (group PCA-A, n = 30) or morphine PCA plus a background infusion (group PCA-B, n = 30) for 24 hr postoperatively. Pain scores with verbal rating scale (VRS; from 0 to 10) at rest, sedation scores, morphine consumption and delivery/demand ratios were assessed at zero, one, two, four, six, 12 and 24 hr after surgery. Hemodynamic variables and arterial blood gases were also recorded in the same periods. Results: Sedation scores in the two groups were similar. At all study periods after the first postoperative hour, VRS remained below 5 in both groups. Pain scores were significantly lower in the background infusion group, which also had greater cumulative morphine consumption (61.7 ± 10.9 mg vs 38.5 ± 16.2 mg). There were no episodes of hypoxemia or hypertension. Conclusion: Morphine PCA effectively controlled postoperative pain after cardiac surgery. The addition of a background infusion of morphine enhanced analgesia and increased morphine consumption.
Slow-release oral morphine versus methadone: A crossover comparison of patient outcomes and acceptability as maintenance pharmacotherapies for opioid dependence$$$ Aims: To evaluate slow-release oral morphine (SROM) as an alternative maintenance pharmacotherapy to methadone for treatment of opioid dependence. Design: Open-label crossover study. Setting: Out-patient methadone maintenance programme. Participants: Eighteen methadone maintenance patients. Intervention: Participants were transferred from methadone to SROM (once-daily Kapanol™) for approximately 6 weeks before resuming methadone maintenance. Measurements: Patient outcomes were assessed (1) during the transition between medications (dose requirements, withdrawal severity) and (2) after at least 4 weeks on a stable dose of each drug (treatment preference, patient ratings of treatment efficacy and acceptability, drug use, health, depression and sleep). Findings: Transfer from methadone to SROM was associated with relatively mild withdrawal for the first 5 days: the final mean SROM: methadone dose ratio was 4.6: 1. Compared to methadone, SROM was associated with improved social functioning, weight loss, fewer and less troublesome side-effects, greater drug liking, reduced heroin craving, an enhanced sense of feeling 'normal' and similar outcomes for unsanctioned drug use, depression and health. The majority of subjects preferred SROM (78%) over methadone (22%). Conclusions These findings provide justification for further evaluation of SROM as a maintenance pharmacotherapy for opioid dependence.
Depression may be associated with hippocampal volume changes and HPA axis dysfunction: Is treatment to remission the answer?$$$ Under-treatment of depression is common practice and carries substantial risks of relapse and recurrence while increasing morbidity and mortality in co-morbid medical illnesses. It may also lead to or exacerbate structural brain changes in depression, most particularly in the hippocampus, with an accompanying decline in cognitive functioning. Treatment to full remission of symptoms and maintaining patients in remission is therefore essential. Although all current antidepressants seem to provide comparable efficacy in preventing relapse, some of the newer dual action antidepressants can induce a faster response and produce greater degrees of remission. However, remission rates are low even with the best treatments. There remains a need for treatments that will act quickly to reverse not only the symptoms of depression but also the accompanying brain abnormalities.
Treatment and response in refractory depression: Results from a specialist affective disorders service$$$ Background: The best treatment approaches for chronic severe refractory depression remain uncertain. This study aimed to identify short-term outcome and most successful somatic treatments of severe refractory depressives referred to an affective disorders service. Methods: Patients with chronic refractory depression referred to a specialist affective disorders service over a 10-year period were studied. Using detailed case records of the index episode, courses of treatment and outcome were examined. Results: Patients were predominantly middle-aged females with few prior episodes but long index episodes. Patients received higher antidepressant doses and more combinations on the specialist service. Very-high-dose antidepressants (tricyclics, velafaxine or tricyclic-MAOI combinations), usually augmented with lithium and often combined with ECT, were the most effective somatic treatments. Most subjects improved substantially, but few reached premorbid levels. Limitations: The study was retrospective. Treatment courses were sequential rather than random. Conclusions: Refractory depression is responsive to vigorous somatic therapy, although most patients continue with some symptoms. © 2003 Published by Elsevier B.V.
Clinical evaluation of dexmedetomidine following ultra-fast track off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting$$$ Background: With the widespread use of fast tracking and ultra fast tracking strategies there is growing concern that current ICU sedation protocols require renewed scrutiny. Dexmedetomidine allows titratable analgesia and sedation yet produces negligible respiratory depressant effects. The present study hypothesized that dexmedetomidine would provide hemodynamic stability, sedation, and analgesia without adversely affecting the postoperative course of ultra-fast tracked patients undergoing off-pump coronary artery bypass (OPCAB) surgery. Methods: Twenty-four patients scheduled for OPCAB were randomized to either Control group (n=12) or Dexmedetomidine (DEX) group (n=12). Twenty minutes prior to extubation Control patients received midazolam infusion (15-30 μg/kg/h) and morphine sulphate infusion (10-15 μg/kg/h) while patients in Dex group received dexmedetomidine infusion (1.0 μ g/kg) over 20 minutes followed by 0.2-0.7 μg/kg/h, all patients received standard anaesthetic regimen and immediately extubated at the operating room. Postoperatively, haemodynamic values, visual analogue pain score, Ramsay sedation score, total morphine used, and the use of adjuvant drugs were calculated and recorded. Results: Morphine use was significantly reduced in the dexmedetomidine group. Only 25% of patients in dexmedetomidine group required morphine for pain relief versus 66% of the control group (P < 0.05). Fewer dexmedetomidine patients received β-blockers (P < 0.05), antiemetics (P < 0.05), nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (p < 0.05), epinephrine (P < 0.05), or high-dose diuretics (P < 0.05). Dexmedetomidine patient showed earlier mobilization from bed (P < 0.05). Conclusion Dexmedetomidine provided safe and effective sedation and analgesia after ultra- fast tracked OPCAB patients, maintains hemodynamic stability and significantly reduced use of narcotics, β -blockers, antiemetics, epinephrine and diuretics.
Identifying the concepts contained in outcome measures of clinical trials on depressive disorders using the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health as a reference$$$ Objectives: First, to systematically identify the concepts contained in outcome measures of trials on depressive disorders using the International Classification of Functioning, Disability and Health (ICF) as a reference. Secondly, to explore differences in the use of ICT categories across different intervention types. Thirdly, to examine which and how often health status measures have been applied in trials on depressive disorders. Methods: Randomized controlled trials between 1991 and 2000 were located in MEDLINE and selected according to predefined criteria. The outcome measures were extracted and the concepts contained in the outcome measures were linked to the ICF. Results: A random sample of 203 (50%) of 406 eligible studies were included. The 5 most used ICF categories (range 88-94%) were sleep functions (b134), emotional functions (b152), energy and drive junctions (b134), thought functions (b160) and higher-level cognitive functions (b164), all belonging to the bodyfunctions component. The use of ICF categories did not vary across different intervention types. A total of 126 different health status measures were extracted. The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression was the most used health status measure applied in 80% of the studies. Conclusion: Concepts about execution of tasks/actions, participation in life situations, and the influence of the environment were under-represented in the outcome assessment of trials on depressive disorders. These observations indicate that most trials were limited in their ability to assess more global individual outcomes. © 2004 Taylor & Francis.
Differing psychotropic profiles of the anticonvulsants in bipolar and other psychiatric disorders$$$ Several compounds from the anticonvulsant category have played a major role in therapeutic approaches to bipolar illness, particularly carbamazepine, valproate, and lamotrigine. At the same time there is little evidence that covert seizures underlie the affective disorders, or that all anticonvulsants are effective acute antimanic or mood stabilizing agents. For example, recent FDA-approved anticonvulsants (gabapentin, the gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA) re-uptake inhibitor tiagabine, and topiramate) that exert major effects on GABAergic systems and increase brain GABA in patients as measured by magnetic resonance spectroscopy, do not appear to be effective acute antimanic agents based on controlled clinical trials or detailed open observations. This raises the question as to what mechanistic properties within the anticonvulsant class are associated with positive effects in bipolar illness; candidates include blockade of sodium channels and decreased release of glutamate, decreased calcium influx through the NMDA receptor, increases in potassium efflux, as well as a variety of aminergic effects and effects on gene expression. With the exception of lamotrigine, mood stabilizers (including lithium, valproate, and carbamazepine) appear to be better acute and prophylactic antimanics than antidepressants, and preliminary data suggest this for zonisamide as well. Some of the anticonvulsants appear useful in targeting a variety of other syndromes and ones that are often comorbid with bipolar illness, including anxiety disorders, substance abuse disorders, migraine, eating disorders, and obesity. Gabapentin is effective in panic anxiety and social phobia as well as chronic pain syndromes, whereas a large range of anticonvulsants may be useful in the treatment of sleep disorders and paroxysmal components of posttraumatic stress disorder. Recent data indicate that topiramate has the ability to reduce alcohol intake and craving in patients with primary alcoholism compared with placebo, and both topiramate and zonisamide share the positive side effect of inducing weight loss of a magnitude similar to that achieved with the FDA-approved weight-loss drug sibutramine. Thus, while there is an apparent absence of seizures in bipolar illness, and anticonvulsant efficacy is not sufficient for classifying the psychotropic properties of these agents, some of the mechanisms that are pertinent to inhibiting paroxysmal discharges in the epilepsies my also be pertinent to the wide range of primary or adjunctive uses of the anticonvulsants in a range of neuropsychiatric disorders. © 2004 Elsevier B.V. All rights reserved.
Convulsant and anticonvulsant properties of electroconvulsive therapy: Towards a focal form of brain stimulation$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy is the most rapidly acting and effective antidepressant treatment. For decades it was believed that the generalized seizure provided the necessary and sufficient conditions for efficacy, while the type and quantity of electricity determined the magnitude of cognitive effects. A series of randomized, double-masked trials at the New York State Psychiatric Institute has disproved this view. By systematically varying electrode placement, electrical dosage, and stimulus waveform, this work demonstrated that efficacy and cognitive effects are highly dependent on current paths and the current density within those paths. Specifically, antidepressant effects are contingent on the recruitment of a sufficiently large neuronal population in prefrontal cortex in seizure initiation. The anticonvulsant properties of ECT are reviewed and it is hypothesized that the magnitude of surround inhibition in a PFC network is the critical feature underlying these effects on efficacy. Given this localization, new forms of brain stimulation that elicit focal PFC seizures should have superior benefit/risk ratios. Magnetic seizure therapy has shown promise, but its development may be hindered by technical problems in delivering a sufficiently powerful stimulus. A new alternative, focal electrically administered seizure therapy (FEAST), is described and early work with non-human primates indicate that FEAST achieves a degree of focality in seizure expression that is not possible with traditional ECT. © 2004 Published by Elsevier B.V.
The World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP) guidelines for the biological treatment of bipolar disorders, part III: Maintenance treatment$$$ As with the two preceding guidelines of this series, these practice guidelines for the pharmacological maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder were developed by an international task force of the World Federation of Societies of Biological Psychiatry (WFSBP). Their purpose is to supply a systematic overview of all scientific evidence relating to maintenance treatment. The data used for these guidelines were extracted from a MEDLINE and EMBASE search, from recent proceedings from key conferences and various national and international treatment guidelines. The scientific justification of support for particular treatments was categorised into four levels of evidence (A-D). As these guidelines are intended for clinical use, the scientific evidence was not only graded, but also reviewed by the experts of the task force to ensure practicality.
Double-blind placebo controlled study of the effects of etomidate-alfentanil anesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The effect of etomidate and alfentanil on heart rate, systolic arterial pressure, diastolic arterial pressure, and mean arterial pressure was compared with etomidate and placebo during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We also studied the influence of alfentanil on seizure duration using both the cuff method and 2-lead electroencephalographs on the prevention of myoclonus induction by etomidate, on duration of apnea and on postictal agitation after ECT. We enrolled 21 consecutive patients in a prospective placebo-controlled, within patient blocked randomized study. Alfentanil significantly reduced heart rate, diastolic arterial pressure, and mean arterial pressure both before and after the stimulus. The increase in these variables during the convulsion was not affected, compared with placebo. Alfentanil had no effect on seizure duration. However, apnea duration was prolonged during the alfentanil sessions as compared with placebo (73 seconds). Alfentanil did not significantly reduce the occurrence of myoclonus after etomidate as compared with placebo, nor did postictal agitation after ECT appear more often with alfentanil. Alfentanil could be useful to reduce tachycardia and hypertension during ECT in high-risk patients without effects on seizure duration. Alfentanil itself has no proconvulsive effect in combination with etomidate.
Depression in aging men: The role of testosterone$$$ Age-related decline in testosterone levels is associated with a number of mild, nonspecific symptoms, including depressive symptoms. The relationship between depressive symptoms and testosterone levels is confounded by numerous factors, including medical illness, obesity, smoking, alcohol use, diet and stress, and is thus complex. Studies have not consistently supported an integral role of reduced testosterone levels in major depressive disorder, although levels may often be reduced in men with treatment-refractory depression and older men with dysthymia. Low testosterone levels may also increase the risk of incident depression in older males, although this may depend upon androgen receptor genetic polymorphisms. Testosterone replacement has demonstrated short-term tolerability and efficacy in augmenting antidepressants to alleviate treatment-refractory depression in adult males. Case studies support the potential need for maintenance therapy to maintain response. In a placebo-controlled trial, testosterone monotherapy was not effective in treating major depressive disorder in men with hypogonadism. However, in an open-label, noncomparative study, testosterone monotherapy appeared effective in treating late-onset but not early-onset major depressive disorder in older males. Testosterone therapy is not without potential for adverse effects, the most worrisome of which is the worsening of pre-existing prostate carcinoma. Oral, short- and long-acting parenteral, and transdermal patch and gel formulations are available. Testosterone has demonstrated usefulness in the treatment of a number of depressed populations, but further studies are needed to fully elucidate its role in the treatment of depressive syndromes in the aging male.
Clinical applications of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), when delivered in trains of pulses is able to induce long-lasting changes of excitability of neuronal networks, not only in the vicinity of the stimulating coil, but also at distant sites. Results of stimulation experiments over the motor cortex indicate that the effects (excitatory or inhibitory) depend on the frequency of stimulation. These data have prompted researchers to use repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a therapeutic tool in various brain disorders, most notably depression. However, as long as large randomized trials have not been conducted, rTMS cannot be recommended as in alternative to validated conventional therapies of such disorders.
Bipolar disorder as cell membrane dysfunction. Progress toward integrative management$$$ Bipolar disorder (BD) is characterized by periods of abnormally elevated mood (mania) that cycle with abnormally lowered mood (depression). Multiple structural, metabolic, and biochemical abnormalities are evident in the brain's cortex, subcortex, and deeper regions. This disorder is highly genetically conditioned but also highly susceptible to environmental stressors: prenatal or perinatal insults, childhood sexual or physical abuse, challenging life events, substance abuse, and other toxic chemical exposures. Its high morbidity, lost productivity, and suicide risk place a great toll on society. Since World War II, BD has been steadily worsening with earlier age of onset, greater intensity of symptoms, and development of drug resistance. Incidence in children is rising and misdiagnosis is common. Disciplined management of the many risk factors is essential, including cognitive psychotherapy and support from family and community. Lithium has been the foundational treatment, followed by valproate and other mood stabilizers, antidepressants, and anticonvulsants. Several single-nutrient and multinutrient supplements have also proven beneficial. Controlled, double-blind trials show multinutrient combinations of vitamins, minerals, orthomolecules, herbals, and the omega-3 fatty acids EPA and DHA to be effective monotherapy. The molecular action of lithium and valproate converge with nutrients on the level of the cell membrane and its molecular signal transduction systems. This emergent, unified rationale presages effective integrative management of bipolar disorder.
Australian and New Zealand clinical practice guidelines for the treatment of depression$$$ Background: The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists (RANZCP) is co-ordinating the development of clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) in psychiatry, funded under the National Mental Health Strategy (Australia) and the New Zealand Ministry of Health. Method: The CPG team reviewed the treatment outcome literature, consulted with practitioners and patients and conducted meta-analyses of outcome research. Treatment recommendations: Establish an effective therapeutic relationship; provide the patient with information about the condition, the rationale for treatment, the likelihood of a positive response and the expected timeframe; consider the patient's strengths, life stresses and supports. Treatment choice depends on the clinician's skills and the patient's circumstances and preferences, and should be guided but not determined by these guidelines. In moderately severe depression, all recognized antidepressants, cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT) and interpersonal psychotherapy (IPT) are equally effective; clinicians should consider treatment burdens as well as benefits, including side-effects and toxicity. In severe depression, antidepressant treatment should precede psychological therapy. For depression with psychosis, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or a tricyclic combined with an antipsychotic are equally helpful. Treatments for other subtypes are discussed. Caution is necessary in people on other medication or with medical conditions. If response to an adequate trial of a first-line treatment is poor, another evidence-based treatment should be used. Second opinions are useful. Depression has a high rate of recurrence and efforts to reduce this are crucial.
No deterioration of cognitive performance in an aggressive unilateral and bilateral antidepressant rTMS add-on trial.$$$ BACKGROUND: Cognitive functions were assessed before and following a course of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with depression participating in a sham-controlled, randomized trial of rTMS as adjunct to antidepressant treatment. METHOD: Forty-one medicated inpatients with a DSM-IV diagnosis of a depressive episode were consecutively randomly assigned to 1 of 3 groups comparing 2 active rTMS conditions with sham stimulation. The rTMS was applied either at high frequency over the left dorsolateral-prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) (10 sessions x 10 trains x 10 seconds 20 Hz at 100% motor threshold [MT], 90-second intertrain interval) or in a combined high- and low-frequency manner to the left and right DLPFC, respectively (10 sessions x 1 train x 10 minutes at 120% MT). Thirty-eight patients completed a neuropsychological test battery at baseline and following day 14. The cognitive assessment focused on motor skills, attention, executive functions, learning, and memory. Data were collected from November 1999 to August 2002. RESULTS: Active treatment groups did not differ with respect to assessed cognitive measures and thus were pooled. A comparison of short-term changes (baseline-day 14) in neuropsychological performance revealed a more favorable time course of the actively treated patients for encoding in the verbal memory test compared with the sham-stimulated patients. CONCLUSIONS: Unilateral rTMS as well as bilateral combined rTMS revealed no detrimental effects on cognition, as compared with the sham group. Moreover, neither the add-on design nor the used aggressive parameters had a negative impact on cognitive measures in comparison with sham. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation might have mild beneficial cognitive effects partly independent of its antidepressant efficacy.
Resistance to antidepressant therapy. Definition, frequency, predictive factors, and medical strategies$$$ A major problem in the medical treatment of depression is that not all patients respond sufficiently to drug treatment. This applies particularly when the therapeutic aim is complete relief from symptoms, not merely response. This article presents an overview of the definitions and epidemiologic, predictive, and therapeutic aspects of the problem.
Australian and New Zealand clinical practice guidelines for the treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Background: The Royal Australian and New Zealand College of Psychiatrists is co-ordinating the development of clinical practice guidelines (CPGs) in psychiatry, funded under the National Mental Health Strategy (Australia) and the New Zealand Health Funding Authority. Method: For these guidelines, the CPG team reviewed the treatment outcome literature (including meta-analyses) and consulted with practitioners and consumers. Treatment recommendations: This guideline provides evidence-based recommendations for the management of bipolar disorder by phase of illness, that is acute mania, mixed episodes and bipolar depression, and the prophylaxis of such episodes. It specifies the roles of various mood-stabilizing medications and of psychological treatments such as cognitive therapy and psycho-education.
Efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy: A systematic review of scientific evidences$$$ We carried out a systematic study of bibliographical review of scientific evidence provided by clinical trials that assessed the short, medium and long-term efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) from 1965 until June 2003. The studies with the following features have been excluded: a) those in which ECT is not the aim of the research; b) those that do not compare ECT with another different treatment; c) those in which the aim of the research is not to evaluate the efficacy of ECT, and d) those in which the studies are not randomized clinical trials. We have used the biomedical databases Medline, Psyclit, IME and Cochrane. On applying the corresponding search strategies on every bibliographical repertory, a total amount of 916 studies were found, which were reduced to 62 after having applied the specified exclusion criteria. The scientific evidence obtained, which compare the efficacy of ECT exclusively in depression, schizophrenia, mania and Parkinson disease, are systematized.
Propofol Reduces Cognitive Impairment after Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ Background: Cognitive impairments are the main complication after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Modification of treatment parameters has been shown to affect the magnitude of these impairments, but the role of anesthetic type remains unclear. This study tested whether there is a difference in cognitive impairments immediately after ECT with propofol compared to thiopental anesthesia. Methods: This randomized, double-blind, crossover study included 15 patients receiving right unilateral ECT for depression. Patients received propofol or thiopental on alternating ECTs up to 6 treatments. Immediate and delayed verbal memory, motor speed, reaction speed, visuospatial, and executive functions were assessed 45 minutes after each ECT. Differences were assessed with repeated measures analysis of variance. Results: Cognitive impairments were reduced after ECT with propofol compared to thiopental. Time to emergence was quicker and EEG seizure duration was shorter after propofol treatments. There was no significant correlation between seizure duration and neuropsychological test performance. Conclusions: Our results indicate that cognitive impairments in the early recovery period after ECT are reduced with propofol compared to thiopental anesthesia. We suggest that, in addition to ECT parameters, the type of anesthetic agent should be considered to reduce cognitive impairments after ECT.
Effect of ECT Stimulus Parameters on Seizure Physiology and Outcome$$$ This study examined the effect of low- and high-pulse frequency stimulus electroconvulsive therapy on seizure physiology and therapeutic outcome. Forty depressed patients randomly received either low (n = 19) or high (n = 21) pulse frequency stimulus during a course of right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy. The current and pulse width were kept constant whereas the duration was proportionately varied. The two groups were compared for seizure parameters and therapeutic outcome. Low frequency stimulus group had lower threshold and less subconvulsive stimulation. There were no differences in seizure durations, ictal cardiovascular responses and therapeutic outcome between the two groups. Low frequency stimulus produced seizure at lower stimulus dose without affecting seizure parameters and therapeutic effects.
Efficacy of ECT in Depression: A Meta-Analytic Review$$$ This study analyzed the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depression by means a meta-analytic review of randomized controlled trials that compared ECT with simulated ECT or placebo or antidepressant drugs and by a complementary meta-analytic review of nonrandomized controlled trials that compared ECT with antidepressants drugs. The review revealed a significant superiority of ECT in all comparisons: ECT versus simulated ECT, ECT versus placebo, ECT versus antidepressants in general, ECT versus TCAs and ECT versus MAOIs. The nonrandomized controlled trials also revealed a significant statistical difference in favor of ECT when confronted with antidepressants drugs. Data analyzed suggest that ECT is a valid therapeutic tool for treatment of depression, including severe and resistant forms.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: A putative add-on treatment for major depression in elderly patients$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a recent putative treatment for affective disorders. Several studies have demonstrated antidepressant effects of rTMS in younger patients; we aimed to assess its effect in older outpatients with treatment-resistant major depression. Twenty-four outpatients (mean age=62 years, S.D.=12) with major depression were randomized for sham or real stimulation and received 10 daily rTMS sessions (20 Hz, 2-s trains, 28-s intertrain intervals, 100% of motor threshold) in addition to the antidepressant medication. For sham stimulation, the coil was tilted 90°. Depression severity was assessed using the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, the Beck Depression Inventory, items from the NIMH self-rated symptom scale, and a visual analog depression scale. Mini-Mental Status Examination performance, memory, and executive and attentional functions were measured to control for cognitive side effects. Depression ratings revealed significant antidepressant effects within 2 weeks in both sham and real stimulation groups; however, there were no between-group differences. Treatment with rTMS was safe; adverse events were rare and not more prevalent in either group, and cognitive assessment did not show any deterioration. We were unable to demonstrate any additional antidepressant effects of real stimulation in elderly patients with treatment-resistant major depression. Therapeutic effects of rTMS in this clinically challenging patient group remain to be demonstrated. © 2004 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Seizure expression during electroconvulsive therapy: Relationships with clinical outcome and cognitive side effects$$$ Since electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can result in generalized seizures that lack efficacy, physiological markers of treatment adequacy are needed. Specific electroencephalographic (EEG) features differentiate seizures produced with barely suprathreshold right unilateral (RUL) ECT, an ineffective treatment, from effective forms of ECT. This study determined whether EEG features are sensitive to treatment condition using a broad dosing range for RUL ECT, as well as predictive of clinical and cognitive outcomes. Quantitative EEG measures and observer ratings were compared in predictive power. From a larger study, 54 in-patients with major depression were randomized to low (1.5 x seizure threshold (ST)), moderate (2.5 x ST), or high-dose (6 x ST) RUL ECT, or high-dose (2.5 x ST) bilateral (BL) ECT. High dosage RUL and BL ECT were comparable in efficacy, and superior to low and moderate dosage RUL ECT. In the slow frequency bands (δ), BL ECT resulted in greater ictal power, ictal coherence, and postictal suppression than each RUL ECT condition, but the EEG measures failed to discriminate the RUL ECT groups. EEG measures were modestly associated with clinical outcome, with greater ictal power, δ coherence, and postictal suppression positive predictors. None of the EEG measures were associated with cognitive outcomes. Inability to distinguish forms of RUL ECT differing markedly in dosage and efficacy suggests that EEG measures have limited potential as markers of treatment adequacy. Rather than assaying treatment adequacy, the EEG features associated with efficacy may reflect individual differences in the strength of inhibitory processes that terminate the seizure, and can help isolate the biological variability that predisposes to positive or negative clinical response to ECT.
Speed of response and remission in major depressive disorder with acute electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): a Consortium for Research in ECT (CORE) report.$$$ BACKGROUND: Remission of illness in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) is achieved in less than half of patients initially treated with medication. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is another treatment option. We report the speed of response and remission rates in a cohort of depressed patients who received a course of acute-phase ECT in the initial phase of an ongoing multicenter randomized trial of continuation ECT versus pharmacotherapy. METHOD: Patients with MDD according to DSM-IV criteria received bilateral ECT 3 times weekly. Prior to each treatment, a 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D-24) score was obtained by a clinical rater. Sustained response was defined as a > or = 50% reduction in baseline HAM-D-24 score for at least 2 and all subsequent measurement occasions. Remission was defined as HAM-D-24 scores of < or = 10 for at least the last 2 consecutive assessments. Data were collected from May 1997 through November 2000. RESULTS: Of the 253 patients who entered the study, 86% (N = 217) completed the acute course of ECT. Sustained response occurred in 79% of the sample, and remission occurred in 75% of the sample (N = 253); 34% (85/253) of patients achieved remission at or before ECT #6 (week 2), and 65% (164/253) achieved remission at or before ECT #10 (weeks 3-4). Over half (54%; 136/253) had an initial first response by ECT #3 (end of week 1). CONCLUSION: ECT was associated with rapid response and remission in a high percentage of patients. ECT warrants early consideration in treatment algorithms for patients with MDD.
Shorter duration of depressive episode may predict response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ We investigated repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a treatment for major depression. The experimental design comprised 15 medication-free subjects with major depressive disorder who were randomly assigned to receive 10 sessions of active or sham 10-Hz rTMS to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 110% motor threshold. Depression severity was measured by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI). Nonresponders to sham were allowed to receive active rTMS with the same parameters. Response to treatment was analyzed using a random regression model including episode duration and number of prior antidepressant treatments as covariates. Treatment (rTMS vs. sham) did not significantly predict changes in depression severity. Shorter duration of episode and more lifetime treatment trials significantly predicted improvements in BDI but not HDRS scores. Data from all subjects who received active rTMS (n = 14) showed that those with a depressive episode duration of shorter than 4 years bad a mean HDRS decrease of 52% compared to 6% in those with an episode duration longer than 10 years. Active rTMS was well tolerated and was not associated with neuropsychological decrements when compared to sham. No significant anti-depressant effects were found for 2 weeks of rTMS compared to sham. Among all subjects receiving rTMS those with a shorter duration of the current episode showed a greater response. Patients may need more than 10 treatments to obtain full benefit from rTMS. The design of future rTMS studies should consider these issues. © 2004 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Slow right prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment for medication-resistant depression: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Over the past decade, efforts have been made to assess the positive therapeutic effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) by altering the excitability of the brain. We conducted a double-blind, placebo-controlled study to assess the efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive TMS in patients with treatment refractory major depression. This pilot study supports the therapeutic potential of rTMS in the low-frequency range of 1 Hz on right prefrontal cortex for the treatment of refractory major depression. Additional studies will be necessary to assess the efficacy of rTMS with different indices (frequency, intensity, and stimulation site) for major depression and other psychiatric diseases. © 2004 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Spotlight on lamotrigine in bipolar disorder.$$$ Lamotrigine (Lamictal), a phenyltriazine derivative, is a well established anticonvulsant agent that has shown efficacy in the prevention of mood episodes in adult patients with bipolar I disorder. The mechanism of action of the drug in patients with bipolar disorder may be related to the inhibition of sodium and calcium channels in presynaptic neurons and subsequent stabilisation of the neuronal membrane. Lamotrigine monotherapy significantly delayed time to intervention with additional pharmacotherapy or electroconvulsive therapy for any new mood episode (mania, hypomania, depression and mixed episodes), compared with placebo, in two large, randomised, double-blind trials of 18 months' duration. Additionally, lamotrigine was significantly superior to placebo at prolonging time to intervention for depression. These effects of lamotrigine were demonstrated in both recently manic/hypomanic and recently depressed patients. Lamotrigine showed efficacy in delaying manic/hypomanic episodes in pooled data only, although lithium was superior to lamotrigine on this measure. Two of four double-blind, short-term studies have shown lamotrigine to be more effective than placebo in the treatment of patients with treatment-refractory bipolar disorder or those with bipolar depression. Lamotrigine has not demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Lamotrigine was generally well tolerated in maintenance studies with the most common adverse events being headache, nausea, infection and insomnia. Incidences of diarrhoea and tremor were significantly lower in lamotrigine- than in lithium-treated patients. The incidence of serious rash with lamotrigine treatment was 0.1% in all studies of bipolar disorder and included one case of mild Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Lamotrigine did not appear to cause bodyweight gain. The dosage of lamotrigine is titrated over a 6-week period to 200 mg/day to minimise the incidence of serious rash. Adjustments to the initial and target dosages are required if coadministered with valproate semisodium or carbamazepine. CONCLUSION: Lamotrigine has been shown to be an effective maintenance therapy for patients with bipolar I disorder, significantly delaying time to intervention for any mood episode. Additionally, lamotrigine significantly delayed time to intervention for a depressive episode and showed limited efficacy in delaying time to intervention for a manic/hypomanic episode, compared with placebo. Although not approved for the short-term treatment of mood episodes, lamotrigine has shown efficacy in the acute treatment of patients with bipolar depression but has not demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Lamotrigine is generally well tolerated, does not appear to cause bodyweight gain and, unlike lithium, generally does not require monitoring of serum levels.
Decisional Capacity of Depressed Elderly to Consent to Electroconvulsive Therapy$$$ The purpose of this article is to determine the abilities of severely depressed elderly to consent to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and to investigate the impact of educational intervention on their capacity. Forty severely depressed adults referred for ECT, with Mini-Mental State Examination scores greater than 20, were recruited. Using the MacArthur Competence Assessment Tool for Treatment (MacCAT-T), decisional capacities were assessed at baseline and reassessed after education. Between the 2 assessments, all subjects received standard education, and half of the group was subsequently randomized to receive further education. At baseline, the geriatric group scored lower on understanding, reasoning, and choice and higher on appreciation. After education, all MacCAT-T scores increased for both age groups. Depressed elderly in the sample, as a group, had adequate decisional capacities to consent to ECT. They showed greater improvement in decisional capacity with education. The findings highlight the importance of providing education to the elderly to optimize their ability to give informed consent.
Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation of the Right Dorsolateral Prefrontal Cortex in Posttraumatic Stress Disorder: A Double-Blind, Placebo-Controlled Study$$$ Objective: The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the right prefrontal cortex was studied in patients with posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) under double-blind, placebo-controlled conditions. Method: Twenty-four patients with PTSD were randomly assigned to receive rTMS at low frequency (1 Hz) or high frequency (10 Hz) or sham rTMS in a double-blind design. Treatment was administered in 10 daily sessions over 2 weeks. Severity of PTSD, depression, and anxiety were blindly assessed before, during, and after completion of the treatment protocol. Results: The 10 daily treatments of 10Hz rTMS at 80% motor threshold over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex had therapeutic effects on PTSD patients. PTSD core symptoms (reexperiencing, avoidance) markedly improved with this treatment. Moreover, high-frequency rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex alleviated anxiety symptoms in PTSD patients. Conclusions: This double-blind, controlled trial suggests that in PTSD patients, 10 daily sessions of right dorsolateral prefrontal rTMS at a frequency of 10 Hz have greater therapeutic effects than slow-frequency or sham stimulation.
Somatic treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents$$$ The currently available data from randomized, controlled trials and a considerable amount of open clinical data suggest that adolescent-onset bipolar disorder probably responds to the same agents as adult-onset bipolar disorder. Research examining psychopharmacologic treatment approaches in the early-onset bipolar disorder is limited, however. Methodologic problems include small sample sizes, lack of comparison groups, retrospective designs, and lack of standardized measures. In addition, sometimes no clear differentiation is made between mania and bipolar disorder, the latter term being used broadly in the literature. Often the studies show that symptoms improve because of treatment, but the functioning of the patients does not improve significantly. More research is clearly needed in all aspects of this disorder but especially in examining the efficacy of various types of treatment, its longitudinal course, and diagnostic issues. The indications for, and the overall duration of, long-term maintenance therapy need further study. Many adolescents and children with bipolar disorder do not respond to any of the first-line pharmacologic treatments; therefore, studies with novel agents should be extended to patients in this age range. Furthermore, physicians will probably continue to use combination therapies when confronted by either lack of efficacy or delayed onset of efficacy with a single agent. Thus, such resultant drug-drug interactions also should also be systematically studied [97].
Lamotrigine as maintenance therapy in bipolar I disorder exerts beneficial effects predominantly on the depressive phase$$$ Lamotrigine (Lamictal®), a well-established anticonvulsant agent, has demonstrated greater efficacy than placebo in delaying time to intervention for a new mood episode when used as maintenance monotherapy in adult patients with bipolar I disorder The benefits of lamotrigine are irrespective of the polarity of the most recent mood episode. Lamotrigine appears to be an effective alternative to lithium. It addresses an area of unmet need in bipolar I disorder by predominantly preventing depressive episodes, whereas lithium and other alternatives act more against manic symptomatology. Lamotrigine is generally well tolerated with a similar adverse event profile to placebo. © 2004 Adis Data Information BV. All rights reserved.
Special Issues in the Management of Depression in Older Patients$$$ Major depressive disorder is frequently undiagnosed and untreated in older patients. Grief, pain, sleep issues, concurrent medications, altered physiology, and the presence of comorbid medical and psychiatric conditions can complicate the management of depression in older patients. Remission should be the goal of therapy in treating depression in the elderly, just as it is in younger patients, to maximize the impact of treatment on quality of life. Managing depression in older patients can be done effectively with the antidepressant therapies currently available, including selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), venlafaxine, and mirtazapine. Comorbid medical conditions, which are common among older patients, can have a significant impact on depression and vice versa. Antidepressant therapy with SSRIs has demonstrated efficacy and tolerability in patients at high risk for cardiovascular events and stroke and in those with vascular dementia or Alzheimer's disease. Care should be taken to choose antidepressants with no or minimal effects on glucose levels in patients with diabetes. In addition, venlafaxine has demonstrated beneficial effects on the relief of the pain of diabetic neuropathy. Venlafaxine, mirtrazapine, and the SSRIs have demonstrated efficacy and tolerability in older patients, while tricyclic antidepressants have also demonstrated efficacy; however, tolerability can be a problem. Depression is not a natural part of the aging process, as some still believe. The review of current data indicates that the goal of management can and should be full remission. Further, the use of newer agents is safe and effective in this population, as long as one considers the pharmacokinetics and pharmacodynamic properties and inherent biological differences in the elderly population when selecting appropriate therapy.
The Neuropsychiatry of Multiple Sclerosis$$$ This review describes the many neuropsychiatric abnormalities associated with multiple sclerosis (MS). These may be broadly divided into 2 categories: disorders of mood, affect, and behaviour and abnormalities affecting cognition. With respect to the former, the epidemiology, phenomenology, and theories of etiology are described for the syndromes of depression, bipolar disorder, euphoria, pathological laughing and crying, and psychosis attributable to MS. The section discussing cognition reviews the prevalence and nature of cognitive dysfunction, with an emphasis on abnormalities affecting multiple domains of memory, speed of information processing, and executive function. The detection, natural history, and cerebral correlates of cognitive dysfunction are also discussed. Finally, treatment pertaining to all these disorders is reviewed, with the observation that translational research has been found wanting when it comes to providing algorithms to guide clinicians. Guidelines derived from general psychiatry still largely apply, although they may not always be most effective in patients with neurologic disorders. The importance of future research addressing this imbalance is emphasized, for neuropsychiatric sequelae add significantly to the morbidity associated with MS.
Control study on the effect of hyperxia solution on cognitive impairment after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Aim: To evaluate the efficacy of hyperxia liquid on cognitive impairment of patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy(ECT), and to explore its mechanisms of action. Methods: One hundred and eight patients met with CCMD-III criteria for major depression were randomly divided into two groups: ECT combined with hyperxia liquid treatment group, ECT treatment control group (control group). Every patient were treated with a right unilateral, brief pulse, square-wave stimulus, dose titration ECT. Before and after course of 6 times, clinical memory score and reaction time were tested. Results: In the treatment group, the cognitive impairment was lighter than that in the control group, the tests of target memory (15.77 ± 6.95), image characteristic recall (13.43 ± 6.78) were higher (P < 0.01), and the reaction time (578.90 ± 185.00) was significant lower (P < 0.01) than those in the control group. Conclusion: Hyperxia liquid has the protective effect on brain in the treatment of ECT, and it can improve the cognitive impairment caused by ECT treatment.
A controlled study of the treatment of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with major depression$$$ Background: High-frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation(rTMS) has been reported to produce antidepressant effects for exciting more horizontally connected neurons in cerebral cortex and subsequently increased focal metabolite, which are preferable to electro convulsive therapy (ECT) when taking into account safety and side-effect. Objective: To assess the therapeutic effect of rTMS in treating major depression, and to explore its therapeutic mechanism. Design: A clinical case control study. Setting, participants and intervention: Thirty-six patients, with major depression from affiliated hospital of Chunbei Medical College were divided into rTMS group(n = 18) and ECT group(n = 18) according to Randomized Drawing lots. Patients of two groups were assessed with Hamilton depression (HAMD) rating scale before and two weeks after treatment, meanwhile levels of plasm 5-HT and norepinephrine(NE) were also determined. Main outcome measures: Scores for HAMD, levels of 5-HT and NE, and side effects resulted from treatment were observed. Results: Efficacy was 89% (16/18) in rTMS group, remarkably different from that in ECT group(83%, 15/18) (χ2 = 0.812, P > 0.05). Scores of HAMD were 11.6 ± 3.0 and 12.1 ± 2.9 respectively in rTMS and ECT group after treatment, and both were statistically lowered than those before treatment (27.8 ± 3.2 and 26.7 ± 2.8, t = 2.891 - 3.279, P < 0.05 - 0.005). Plasma 5-HT increased from (2.45 ± 0.86) ng/L to(8.42 ± 1.65) ng/L due to rTMS treatment, and differences were remarkable(t = 2.295, P < 0.05). Side effects were observed in patients receiving ECT treatment, including obvious dizziness, fatigue, impaired memory and so on, while obvious discomfort could not observed in rTMS group, except individually transient mild headache. Conclusion: rTMS and ECT are promising on treating major medicine-resistant depression, but the former proved to be preferable with respect to safety and side effect. The therapeutic mechanism was hypothetically correlated with 5-HT releasing.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as treatment of poststroke depression: A preliminary study$$$ Background: Depression has a significant impact on poststroke recovery and mortality. There are a proportion of patients with poststroke depression (PSD) who do not respond to antidepressants. Repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) might be a safe and effective alternative in these refractory cases. Methods: We conducted a randomized, parallel, double-blind study of active versus sham left prefrontal rTMS in patients with refractory PSD. After discontinuing antidepressants, patients were randomly assigned to receive 10 sessions of active (10 Hz, 110% of the motor threshold, 20 trains of 5 seconds duration) or sham left prefontal rTMS. Efficacy measures included HAM-D scores, response and remission rates. Patients completed a neuropsychological battery at baseline and after completing the protocol. Results: When compared with sham stimulation, 10 sessions of active rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex were associated with a significant reduction of depressive symptoms. This reduction was not influenced by patient's age, type or location of stroke, volume of left frontal leukoaraiosis or by the distance of the stimulating coil to the prefrontal cortex. However, there was a significant positive correlation between the percentage of reduction of Ham-D scores and frontal gray and white matter volumes. There were no significant changes in cognitive functioning between the active and the sham stimulation groups. In addition, there were few and mild adverse effects that were equally distributed among groups. Conclusions: Taken together, these preliminary findings suggest that rTMS may be an effective and safe treatment alternative for patients with refractory depression and stroke.
No benefit derived from repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: A prospective, single centre, randomised, double blind, sham controlled "add on" trial$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been reported to demonstrate slight effects in the treatment of depression. Hence, a novel bilateral versus unilateral and sham stimulation design was applied to further assess rTMS' antidepressant effects. Forty one medication free patients with major depression, admitted to a psychiatric unit specialising in affective disorders, were consecutively randomised into 3 groups. Group A1 (n = 12) received unilateral active stimulation consisting of high frequency (hf) rTMS over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPC) and subsequent sham low frequency (lf) rTMS over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (RDLPC). Group A2 (n = 13) received simultaneous bilateral active stimulation consisting of hf-rTMS over the LDLPC and lf-rTMS over the RDLPC. Group C (n = 13) received bilateral sham stimulation. Stimulation was performed on 10 consecutive workdays. All patients received antidepressant medication on the first day of stimulation, which was continued during and after the stimulation period. As no significant difference in antidepressant outcome between group A1 and A2 was found, the two groups were pooled. The time course of the outcome variables Hamilton depression rating scale (HDRS21) and Beck depression inventory (days 0, 7, 14, 28) by repeated measures analysis of variance revealed no significant group differences (in terms of a group by time interaction), whereas there was a significant effect of time on all three outcome variables in all groups. The results suggest that rTMS as an "add on" strategy, applied in a unilateral and a bilateral stimulation paradigm, does not exert an additional antidepressant effect.
Nebulized Opioids Use in COPD$$$ Objective: To evaluate the role of nebulized opioids in COPD. Methods: A MEDLINE search was completed to obtain pertinent clinical literature. Key search terms included the following: nebulizer, opioids, COPD, dyspnea, morphine, and hydromorphone. Results: Currently, the evidence in the literature is lacking regarding placebo-controlled studies to support nebulized morphine for the relief of dyspnea in patients with COPD. The studies reviewed varied considerably in the dose, opioid used, administration schedule, and methodology. One study found improved exercise capacity in 11 patients not reproducible in a larger sample, and another study found benefit in 54 terminal patients. All other studies found no benefit. Conclusions: The recently published Global Initiative for Lung Disease guidelines have specifically stated that opioids are contraindicated in COPD management due to the potential respiratory depression and worsening hypercapnia. Nebulized opioids should be discouraged, as current data do not support their use.
Multisystemic therapy effects on attempted suicide by youths presenting psychiatric emergencies.$$$ OBJECTIVE: To evaluate the efficacy of multisystemic therapy (MST) in reducing attempted suicide among predominantly African American youths referred for emergency psychiatric hospitalization. METHOD: Youths presenting psychiatric emergencies were randomly assigned to MST or hospitalization. Indices of attempted suicide, suicidal ideation, depressive affect, and parental control were assessed before treatment, at 4 months after recruitment, and at the 1-year posttreatment follow-up. RESULTS: Based on youth report, MST was significantly more effective than emergency hospitalization at decreasing rates of attempted suicide at 1-year follow-up; also, the rate of symptom reduction over time was greater for youths receiving MST. Also, treatment differences in patterns of change in attempted suicide (caregiver report) varied as a function of ethnicity, gender, and age. Moreover, treatment effects were found for caregiver-rated parental control but not for youth depressive affect, hopelessness, or suicidal ideation. CONCLUSIONS: Results generally support MST's effectiveness at reducing attempted suicide in psychiatrically disturbed youngsters, whereas the effects of hospitalization varied based on informant and youth demographic characteristics.
Spotlight on Lamotrigine in Bipolar Disorder$$$ Lamotrigine (Lamictal®), a phenyltriazine derivative, is a well established anticonvulsant agent that has shown efficacy in the prevention of mood episodes in adult patients with bipolar I disorder. The mechanism of action of the drug in patients with bipolar disorder may be related to the inhibition of sodium and calcium channels in presynaptic neurons and subsequent stabilisation of the neuronal membrane. Lamotrigine monotherapy significantly delayed time to intervention with additional pharmacotherapy or electroconvulsive therapy for any new mood episode (mania, hypomania, depression and mixed episodes), compared with placebo, in two large, randomised, double-blind trials of 18 months’ duration. Additionally, lamotrigine was significantly superior to placebo at prolonging time to intervention for depression. These effects of lamotrigine were demonstrated in both recently manic/hypomanic and recently depressed patients. Lamotrigine showed efficacy in delaying manic/hypomanic episodes in pooled data only, although lithium was superior to lamotrigine on this measure. Two of four double-blind, short-term studies have shown lamotrigine to be more effective than placebo in the treatment of patients with treatment-refractory bipolar disorder or those with bipolar depression. Lamotrigine has not demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Lamotrigine was generally well tolerated in maintenance studies with the most common adverse events being headache, nausea, infection and insomnia. Incidences of diarrhoea and tremor were significantly lower in lamotrigine- than in lithium-treated patients. The incidence of serious rash with lamotrigine treatment 1 This Spotlight is derived from abstract and summary text of an Adis Drug Evaluation originally published in full in Drugs 2003; 63 (19): 2029-2050. Reviewers of the original full text article are listed in the Acknowledgements section. was 0.1% in all studies of bipolar disorder and included one case of mild Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Lamotrigine did not appear to cause bodyweight gain. The dosage of lamotrigine is titrated over a 6-week period to 200 mg/day to minimise the incidence of serious rash. Adjustments to the initial and target dosages are required if coadministered with valproate semisodium or carbamazepine. Conclusion: Lamotrigine has been shown to be an effective maintenance therapy for patients with bipolar I disorder, significantly delaying time to intervention for any mood episode. Additionally, lamotrigine significantly delayed time to intervention for a depressive episode and showed limited efficacy in delaying time to intervention for a manic/hypomanic episode, compared with placebo. Although not approved for the short-term treatment of mood episodes, lamotrigine has shown efficacy in the acute treatment of patients with bipolar depression but has not demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Lamotrigine is generally well tolerated, does not appear to cause bodyweight gain and, unlike lithium, generally does not require monitoring of serum levels.
Treatment of non-schizophrenic disorders: Focus on atypical antipsychotics$$$ Antipsychotics are commonly used for conditions other than schizophrenia, yet support for such use in the literature is unclear. This article reviews the literature on the pharmacologic treatment of specific types of non-schizophrenic disorders: those associated with psychotic depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder, body dysmorphic disorder, bipolar disorder, and dementia. It focuses on the evidence for using antipsychotics in these conditions, placing emphasis on atypical antipsychotics. Medline/HealthStar and PsycInfo databases were used to identify published trials and reports of antipsychotics used specifically for non-schizophrenic disorders. Numerous studies were found supporting the use of atypical antipsychotics for non-schizophrenic disorders; however, with the exception of dementia, few randomized, double-blind controlled trials have been published examining the efficacy and safety of these agents in non-schizophrenic disorders. In general, most trials were restricted to short-term use as adjunctive therapy. The literature reviewed was primarily comprised of small open-label trials, thus making it difficult to draw definitive conclusions. Despite the limitations of the trials reviewed, atypical antipsychotics represent a promising treatment modality when considering their improved side effect profile compared to conventional agents. Appropriate dosing and the use of antipsychotics in combination with psychosocial treatments are important treatment considerations. Due to the frequent clinical use of atypical antipsychotics as adjunctive therapy, well-designed trials of these agents in non-schizophrenic disorders are necessary.
What Is a "Mood Stabilizer"? An Evidence-Based Response$$$ Objective: The term "mood stabilizer" is widely used in the context of treating bipolar disorder, but the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) does not officially recognize the term, and no consensus definition is accepted among investigators. The authors propose a "two-by-two" definition by which an agent is considered a mood stabilizer if it has efficacy in treating acute manic and depressive symptoms and in prophylaxis of manic and depressive symptoms in bipolar disorder. They review the literature on the efficacy of agents in any of these four roles to determine which if any agents meet this definition of mood stabilizer. Method: The authors conducted a comprehensive review of English-language literature describing peer-reviewed, U.S. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality class A controlled trials in order to identify agents with efficacy in any of the four roles included in their definition of a mood stabilizer. The trials were classified as positive or negative on the basis of primary outcome variables. An "FDA-like" criterion of at least two positive placebo-controlled trials was required to consider an agent efficacious. The authors also conducted a sensitivity analysis by raising and relaxing the criteria for including trials in the review. Results: The authors identified 551 candidate articles, yielding 111 class A trials, including 81 monotherapy trials with 95 independent analyses published through June 2002. Lithium, valproate, and olanzapine had unequivocal evidence for efficacy in acute manic episodes, lithium in acute depressive episodes and in prophylaxis of mania and depression, and lamotrigine in prophylaxis (relapse polarity unspecified). Thus, only lithium fulfilled the a priori definition of a mood stabilizer. Relaxing the quality criterion did not change this finding, while raising the threshold resulted in no agents fulfilling the definition. Conclusions: When all four treatment roles are considered, the evidence supported a role for lithium as first-line agent for treatment of bipolar disorder. The analysis also highlights unmet needs and promising agents and provides a yardstick for evaluating new treatment strategies.
Sevoflurane versus propofol for induction of anaesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized crossover trial$$$ Propofol is often used to induce anaesthesia for electroconvulsive therapy. Some patients who receive propofol have fits of poor quality or inadequate duration despite increasing electroconvulsive therapy doses. Sevoflurane has been reported to exhibit pro-convulsant properties in some "at-risk" patients during anaesthesia for other procedures. The purpose of this study was to perform a randomized crossover trial in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy, comparing the effects on seizure parameters of propofol versus sevoflurane induction. Patients were randomly allocated to receive either sevoflurane or propofol for their first treatment. In the subsequent treatment the alternative agent was used. Patients in both treatment groups exhibited equally good fits, with those in the sevoflurane group having slightly better morphology, which is the most subjective of the parameters measured. The sevoflurane administrations were associated with slightly higher pulse rates and blood pressures. Sevoflurane provides a suitable alternative to propofol for anaesthesia in patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy, although the slightly greater pulse rate rise and blood pressure rise should be considered in patients with ischaemic heart disease.
Spinal (subarachnoid) morphine for off-pump coronary artery bypass surgery$$$ Objective: To study the effects of 8 μg/kg preoperatively administered intrathecal morphine sulfate on extubation time, postoperative pulmonary function, and postoperative analgesia after off-pump coronary artery bypass grafting (OPCAB). Design: A prospective, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Participants: One hundred adult patients scheduled for elective primary OPCAB. Interventions: Patients were randomized to preoperative administration of 8 μg/kg intrathecal morphine sulfate (group 1) with a 25-gauge spinal needle or to receive sterile normal saline placebo subcutaneously (group 2). Anesthetic induction and maintenance were standardized to allow planning for facilitating early tracheal extubation. Multivessel OPCAB was performed with an Octopus stabilizer. Patients were extubated in the intensive care unit by a blinded observer using predefined extubation criteria. Measurements and Main Results: Postoperative times to extubation were 9.47 ± 3.83 hours in group 1 versus 11.25 ± 3.94 hours in group 2 (P = .025). Postextubation bedside spirometric lung volumes in percentage of preoperative lung volume showed significant differences in group 1 versus group 2 in forced vital capacity, 39.66% ± 15.42% versus 31.85% ± 11.65% (P = .016); forced expiratory volume in the first second, 44.8% ± 16.18% versus 35.97% ± 13.32% (P = .013); maximum voluntary ventilation, 39.40% ± 13.57% versus 33.11% ± 14.80% (P = .056); and expiratory flow rate, 47.76% ± 24.61% versus 37.37% ± 4.33% (P = .031). The visual analog pain scores at rest and during coughing at time intervals of 6, 12, 24, and 36 hours postoperatively showed significantly better results in group 1 compared with group 2. The total dose of fentanyl citrate required intraoperatively was significantly less in group 1 (P = .00). One patient in group 1 had a low respiratory rate, which responded to injection naloxone. There was no mortality or neurological complication in either group. Conclusion: Intrathecal morphine provided superior quality of analgesia that translated into better maintenance of postoperative lung volume determined by spirometry. This analgesic method also facilitated earlier tracheal extubation without any major respiratory or neurologic complications. © 2004 Forum Multimedia Publishing, LLC.
Recent advances in prepubertal mood disorders: Phenomenology and treatment$$$ Purpose of review: This review examines advances over the last year in the field of prepubertal mood disorders. Recent findings: In bipolar affective disorder, general consensus has been established for a phenotype distinct from but co-morbid with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder. Pharmacological trials have provided some support for the safety and efficacy of combination pharmacotherapies. Debate has continued about the possible roles of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and stimulants in 'switching' children from an episode of depression to mania. Work on the phenomenology of prepubertal major depressive disorder has identified a preschool phenotype. Double-blind placebo-controlled studies have increased the evidence base for use of fluoxetine in the treatment of major depressive disorder. Few controlled studies have explored the efficacy of psychotherapies. Results from general psychiatry underscore the developmental importance of identification of childhood mood disorders: providing evidence for gene-environment interactions in the pathogenesis of major depressive disorder, suggesting vulnerable periods for environmental insults, and raising the disturbing possibility that untreated major depressive disorder is detrimental to the brain. Summary: Despite significant progress there remains a striking paucity of data to direct clinical practice in the treatment of prepubertal mood disorders. Data are badly needed to clarify the risk-benefit ratio in circumstances in which potential side effects are not fully understood and the consequences of not treating may, themselves, be detrimental. Further revisions of the early phenomenology of major depressive disorder and bipolar affective disorder will provide the basis for future treatment trials and further studies of etiology and neurobiology. © 2004 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Atypical antipsychotics in the treatment of affective symptoms: A review$$$ Atypical antipsychotics have demonstrated beneficial effects on affective symptoms, in addition to antipsychotic activity. Consequently, their role in the treatment of bipolar disorder and treatment-resistant or psychotic depression has been explored. Adjunctive atypical antipsychotic therapy appears to benefit patients experiencing manic episodes of bipolar disorder, and some studies suggest that monotherapy may also be efficacious. Clinical studies of patients with schizoaffective disorder and major depression support the use of atypical antipsychotics to treat depression. This review focuses on risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine, and ziprasidone and provides evidence that these drugs demonstrate activity against manic episodes of bipolar disorder when used as adjunctive therapy and possibly as monotherapy and that depression in patients with schizoaffective disorder also responds to these agents.
VNS and depression: Current status and future directions$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is an established anticonvulsant therapy in treatment-resistant patients with epilepsy. The known anatomical projections of the vagus nerve to many brain regions that have been implicated in mood disorders suggest that VNS may also have useful antidepressant effects. There has been growing interest in the potential application of VNS in the nonpharmacological management of treatment-resistant depression. Results from an open-label study, in which 59 subjects with treatment-resistant depression were treated for 10 weeks with VNS therapy, reported a 31% response rate. In a recent controlled double-blind trial of VNS and depression, short-term treatment for 10 weeks failed to demonstrate statistical improvement over sham treatment. Results from the long-term phase of this trial may be more significant, however published data are awaited. © Future Drugs Ltd. All rights reserved.
Review of pharmacological treatment of depression in the older people$$$ This article presents a brief outline of the current evidence-base for the pharmacological treatment of depression in the older people. Response to a single antidepressant is 50-60% and both tricyclic antidepressants and the newer antidepressants are equally effective in the short term although optimum response may take up to 8-12 weeks. There is good evidence for maintenance antidepressant therapy in the elderly but only limited evidence for the use of lithium in older people. There are currently no randomised, placebo-controlled trials of pharmacotherapy in treatment-resistant depression but therapies commonly used in clinical practice are outlined.
Unipolar late-depression: A comprehensive review$$$ Background: The older population increases all over the world and so also does the number of older psychiatric patients, which manifest certain specific and unique characteristics. The aim of this article is to provide a comprehensive review of the international literature on unipolar depression with onset at old age. Methods: The authors reviewed several pages and books relevent to the subject but did not search the entire literature because of it's overwhelming size. They chose to review those considered most significant. Results: The prevalence of major depression is estimated to be 2% in the general population over 65 years of age. The clinical picture of geriatric depression differs in many aspects from depression in younger patients. It is not yet clear whether it also varies across cultures and different socioeconomic backgrounds. Biological data suggest that it is associated with an increased severity of subcortical vascular disease and greater impairment of cognitive performance. Many authors consider the existence of a somatic disorder to be related to the presence of depression in late life, even constituting a negative prognostic factor for the outcome of depression. Most studies support the opinion that geriatric depression carries a poorer prognosis than depression in younger patients. The therapeutic intervention includes pharmacotherapy, mainly with antidepressants, which is of established value and psychotherapy which is not equally validated. Conclusion: A significant number of questions regarding the assessment and treatment of geriatric depression remain unanswered, empirical data are limited, and further research is necessary. © 2003 Fountoulakis et al; licensee BioMed Central Ltd.
Expert consensus guideline series. Optimizing pharmacologic treatment of psychotic disorders. Introduction: methods, commentary, and summary.$$$ Objectives: A growing number of atypical antipsychotics are available for clinicians to choose from in the treatment of psychotic disorders. However, a number of important questions concerning medication selection, dosing and dose equivalence, and the management of inadequate response, compliance problems, and relapse have not been adequately addressed by clinical trials. To aid clinical decision-making, a consensus survey of expert opinion on the pharmacologic treatment of psychotic disorders was undertaken to address questions not definitively answered in the research literature.Method: Based on a literature review, a written survey was developed with 60 questions and 994 options. Approximately half of the options were scored using a modified version of the RAND 9-point scale for rating the appropriateness of medical decisions. For the other options, the experts were asked to write in answers (e.g., average doses) or check a box to indicate their preferred answer. The survey was sent to 50 national experts on the pharmacologic treatment of psychotic disorders, 47 (94%) of whom completed it. In analyzing the responses to items rated on the 9-point scale, consensus on each option was defined as a non random distribution of scores by chi-square "goodness-of-fit"test. We assigned a categorical rank (first line/preferred choice,second line/alternate choice, third line/usually inappropriate) to each option based on the 95% confidence interval around the mean rating. Guideline tables indicating preferred treatment strategies were then developed for key clinical situations. Results: The expert panel reached consensus on 88% of the options rated on the 9-point scale. The experts overwhelmingly endorsed the atypical antipsychotics for the treatment of psychotic disorders. Risperidone was the top choice for first-episode and multi-episode patients, with the other newer atypicals rated first line or high second line depending on the clinical situation.Clozapine and a long-acting injectable atypical (when available)were other high second line options for multi-episode patients.The expert's dosing recommendations agreed closely with the package inserts for the drugs, and their estimates of dose equivalence among the antipsychotics followed a linear pattern.The experts considered 3-6 weeks an adequate antipsychotic trial, but would wait a little longer (4-10 weeks) before making a major change in treatment regimen if there is a partial response. The experts recommended trying to improve response by increasing the dose of atypical and depot antipsychotics before switching to a different agent; there was less agreement about increasing the dose of conventional antipsychotics before switching, probably because of concern about side effects at higher doses. If it is decided to switch because of inadequate response, risperidone was the expert's first choice to switch to, no matter what drug was initially tried. Although there was some disparity in the expert's recommendations concerning how many agents to try before switching to clozapine, the expert's responses suggest that switching to clozapine should be Clozapine was also the antipsychotic of choice for patients with suicidal behavior. When switching oral antipsychotics,the experts considered cross-titration the preferred strategy. When switching to an injectable antipsychotic, the experts stressed the importance of continuing the oral antipsychotic until therapeutic levels of the injectable agent are achieved.The experts considered psychosocial interventions the first choice strategy for partially compliant patients, with pharmacologic interventions the first choice for patients with clear evidence of noncompliance. However, because it can be difficult to distinguish partially compliant from noncompliant patients, the editors recommended combining psychosocial and pharmacologic interventions to improve compliance whenever possible.When patients relapse because of compliance problems or if there is any doubt about compliance, the experts recommended the use of a long-acting injectable antipsychotic and would select an injectable atypical when this option becomes available.The experts would also consider using an injectable atypical antipsychotic (when available) in many clinical situations that do not involve compliance problems.The experts stressed the importance of monitoring for health problems-especially obesity, diabetes, cardiovascular problems,HIV risk behaviors, medical complications of substance abuse, heavy smoking and its effects, hypertension, and amenorrhea-in patients being treated with antipsychotics.Although many patients are prescribed adjunctive treatments,multiple antipsychotics, and combinations of different classes of drugs (e.g., antipsychotics plus mood stabilizers or antidepressants) in an effort to enhance response, the experts gave little support to any of these strategies, with the exception of antidepressants for patients with dysphoria/depression, antidepressants or ECT for patients with suicidal behavior, and mood stabilizers for patients with aggression/violence.When asked about indicators of remission and recovery, the experts considered acute improvement in psychotic symptoms the most important indicator of remission, whereas they considered more sustained improvement in multiple outcome domains (e.g., occupational/educational functioning, peer relationships,independent living) important in assessing recovery.Conclusions: The experts reached a high level of consensus on many of the key treatment questions in the survey. Within the limits of expert opinion and with the expectation that future research data will take precedence, these guidelines provide direction for addressing common clinical dilemmas that arise in the pharmacologic treatment of psychotic disorders. They can be used to inform clinicians and educate patients regarding the relative merits of a variety of interventions. Clinicians should keep in mind that no guidelines can address the complexities involved in the care of each individual patient and that sound clinical judgment based on clinical experience should be used in applying these recommendations.
Postpartum mood disorders: A review of clinical and epidemiological factors$$$ The postpartum period is a time of risk for mood disturbance in women. Postpartum blues occurs commonly, but is self-limited. Postpartum depression occurs in 13% of postpartum women. However, it is estimated that nearly one-half of all cases go undetected. Postpartum psychosis is rare, affecting 1-2 per 1000 women. Postpartum mood disorders can have far-reaching consequences and have been shown to affect the social and psychological development of children. It is critical that healthcare providers understand these disorders and their risk factors to increase detection and to educate women about the risks and treatments of postpartum mood disorders. This review is intended to provide healthcare providers with a better understanding of the descriptive epidemiology, risk factors, and treatments of postpartum mood disorders. The utility of specific screening instruments is also discussed.
Evidence-based practices in geriatric mental health care: An overview of systematic reviews and meta-analyses$$$ At least 20% of people over the age of 65 suffer from mental disorders. It is anticipated that the number of older Americans with psychiatric disorders will double over the next 30 years. There is, however, substantial unmet need. The recent Surgeon General's Report on Mental Health, a Report on Mental Health from the Administration on Aging, and an expert consensus statement underscore the need to plan for the challenge of providing services for elderly people with major mental disorders. Among the greatest challenges is the expertise gap that affects clinicians practicing in routine clinical settings. This gap reflects inadequate training in geriatrics and a failure to incorporate contemporary clinical research findings and known evidence-based practices (EBPs) into usual care. This article provides an overview of the emerging evidence-base supporting the efficacy of empirically-validated geriatric mental health interventions for major geriatric mental health disorders, including systematic EBP reviews, meta-analytic studies, and expert consensus statements. Cautions and limitations regarding the reliance on randomized, controlled trials, meta-analyses, and systematic reviews also are presented.
Sleep deprivation and antidepressant treatment$$$ The mood-improving effect of sleep deprivation (SD) in depression is even today still not fully understood. Despite the fact that mood and cognitive functions are lowered by prolonged sleep loss and despite convincing data that insomnia is a strong risk factor for subsequent depression, acute SD for one night or even partial SD in the second half of the night improves mood in about 60% of depressed patients the day after. In this respect, among all types of antidepressant treatments, SD elicits the fastest results, faster even than electroconvulsive therapy. Many authors correlate the likelihood of responding to SD with clinical variables. A summary of predictors is listed in Table I.
Treatment of Bipolar Depression$$$ Bipolar disorder is underdiagnosed and often mistaken for unipolar depression. Bipolar patients spend 33% of their time in a state of depression compared to 11% of time spent in a manic state. Duration of time depressed and severity of depression are associated with increased risk for suicide, which occurs in 10% to 20% of bipolar patients. Antidepressants are increasingly being used as adjuncts in the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, although they provide a moderate risk for switch into mania. Lithium and some antiepileptics and atypical antipsychotics have shown antidepressant effects in the treatment of bipolar disorder. Other adjuncts for treatment-refractory patients include monoamine oxidase inhibitors and electroconvulsive therapy.
Treatment-Resistant Bipolar Disorder: A Comparison of Rapid Cyclers and Nonrapid Cyclers$$$ Background. We investigated clinical factors to determine their relationship to treatment resistance among bipolar patients who had a consultation at a tertiary care facility. Methods: Patients were separated into two categories: rapid-cycling disorders and nonrapid-cycling disorders. We hypothesized that there would be less usage of lithium carbonate among nonrapid-cycling treatment-resistant patients than among rapid cyclers and also that there would be higher rates of comorbidity seen among nonrapid-cycling than rapid-cycling patients in order to account for these particular patients being treatment resistant. Findings: Continued recyling and persistent depression characterized rapid cyclers, whereas persistent depression characterized nonrapid cyclers. Less than 30% of patients had adequate lithium treatment and there was no significant difference comparing rapid cyclers with nonrapid cyclers. Rates of comorbidity were also not significantly different between these groups. We also assessed a number of other factors. Conclusion: Some of these factors were significant, but when a Bonferonni correction was applied, these significant differences were not maintained. The study of treatment resistance among nonrapid-cycling bipolar patients merits further research.
Bipolar Disorder in Children and Adolescents$$$ There is increased recognition that bipolar disorder has an early age of onset. The prevalence of bipolar disorder in prepubertal children has not been determined, however the prevalence in adolescence is ∼1%. Bipolar disorder in children poses a diagnostic challenge since the symptoms may differ from those in late adolescence and adulthood. Comorbid disorders, such as attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder, further complicate both the diagnosis and course of the disorder. There is increasing evidence of the chronicity and severity of this disorder in youths. Bipolar disorder significantly disrupts a child's psychosocial development including impairments in academic functioning, family functioning, and relationship with peers. Although this disorder has significant morbidity in children and adolescents, there is a paucity of controlled studies to assess the efficacy and safety of mood stabilizers in the treatment of this disorder in youths. The treatment literature consists largely of case studies, retrospective chart reviews, and open-label studies. There is a compelling need for double-blind, placebo-controlled trials to determine whether commonly used medications to treat this disorder are significantly superior to placebo. Since many children in clinical practice require more than one psychotropic medication to adequately manage this disorder, studies of combination treatments are warranted. This review will provide an overview of the literature of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents, including discussion of the prevalence, diagnosis, epidemiology, course of the illness, and treatment issues.
Neurobiological findings and clinical results: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the prefrontal cortex in depression$$$ Preclinical findings show that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex can modulate the function of fronto-limbic circuits, which is reversibly altered in major depression. rTMS has also been found to exert effects on different neurotransmitter systems, e.g. dopaminergic effects, and to act on the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis, which is often dysregulated in major depression. In the majority of controlled clinical studies, significant differences have been demonstrated between verum rTMS and placebo conditions further supporting the notion of its antidepressant efficacy. Larger trials, however, which would be mandatory to substantiate the antidepressant efficacy of rTMS, have not been conducted to date. Therefore, efforts should be intensified to further investigate the efficacy of rTMS as antidepressant intervention and to test specific applications (e.g. primary treatment, augmentation, maintenance therapy) in the treatment of depressive episodes.
Magnetic Seizure Therapy Improves Mood in Refractory Major Depression$$$ This report describes the successful treatment of a patient suffering from an episode of drug-resistant major depression using magnetic seizure therapy (MST). The patient suffered from recurrent major depression since adolescence. MST is a novel brain stimulation method using transcranial magnetic stimulation at convulsive parameters in order to induce therapeutic seizures under general anesthesia in the same setting used for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The first use of therapeutic magnetic seizure induction in a psychiatric patient took place at the University Hospital in Bern, Switzerland, in May 2000. Results of a recent randomized, within-subject, double-masked trial comparing ECT and MST in 10 patients indicate that MST appears to have less subjective and objective side effects, is associated with faster recovery of orientation, and is superior to ECT on measures of attention, retrograde amnesia, and category fluency. ECT has an unparalleled and well-documented efficacy in severe depression but is associated with cognitive side effects. MST is currently under study in several centers with respect to its antidepressant efficacy. We report here on the treatment of a patient with refractory major depression (DSM IV-R), who underwent a series of 12 sessions of MST in an inpatient setting. Baseline Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HRSD-21) of 33 and Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) of 40 decreased to 6 and 11 respectively, 1 week after completion of the MST trial. Measures of cognitive functions support the hypothesis that MST is associated with a less severe profile of cognitive side effects. [99mTc]-HMPAO SPECT studies (baseline and 4 days after the completion of the MST trial) point to a raise of blood flow at baseline in the left fronto-parietal region and the brainstem. Our preliminary data support the prospect of antidepressant efficacy of MST and point to a benign cognitive side-effect profile in a patient suffering from severe treatment-resistant major depression.
Lamotrigine: A review of its use in bipolar disorder$$$ Lamotrigine (Lamictal®), a phenyltriazine derivative, is a well established anticonvulsant agent that has shown efficacy in the prevention of mood episodes in adult patients with bipolar I disorder. The mechanism of action of the drug in patients with bipolar disorder may be related to the inhibition of sodium and calcium channels in presynaptic neurons and subsequent stabilisation of the neuronal membrane. Lamotrigine monotherapy significantly delayed time to intervention with additional pharmacotherapy or electroconvulsive therapy for any new mood episode (mania, hypomania, depression and mixed episodes), compared with placebo, in two large, randomised, double-blind trials of 18 months' duration. Additionally, lamotrigine was significantly superior to placebo at prolonging time to intervention for depression. These effects of lamotrigine were demonstrated in both recently manic/hypomanic and recently depressed patients. Lamotrigine showed efficacy in delaying manic/hypomanic episodes in pooled data only, although lithium was superior to lamotrigine on this measure. Two of four double-blind, short-term studies have shown lamotrigine to be more effective than placebo in the treatment of patients with treatment-refractory bipolar disorder or those with bipolar depression. Lamotrigine has not demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Lamotrigine was generally well tolerated in maintenance studies with the most common adverse events being headache, nausea, infection and insomnia. Incidences of diarrhoea and tremor were significantly lower in lamotrigine- than in lithium-treated patients. The incidence of serious rash with lamotrigine treatment was 0.1% in all studies of bipolar disorder and included one case of mild Stevens-Johnson syndrome. Lamotrigine did not appear to cause bodyweight gain. The dosage of lamotrigine is titrated over a 6-week period to 200 mg/day to minimise the incidence of serious rash. Adjustments to the initial and target dosages are required if coadministered with valproate semisodium or carbamazepine. Conclusion: Lamotrigine has been shown to be an effective maintenance therapy for patients with bipolar I disorder, significantly delaying time to intervention for any mood episode. Additionally, lamotrigine significantly delayed time to intervention for a depressive episode and showed limited efficacy in delaying time to intervention for a manic/hypomanic episode, compared with placebo. Although not approved for the short-term treatment of mood episodes, lamotrigine has shown efficacy in the acute treatment of patients with bipolar depression but has not demonstrated efficacy in the treatment of acute mania. Lamotrigine is generally well tolerated, does not appear to cause bodyweight gain and, unlike lithium, generally does not require monitoring of serum levels. Lamotrigine is a phenyltriazine derivative. The mechanism of action of the drug in the treatment of patients with bipolar disorder is not fully understood, but may be related to the inhibition of sodium and calcium channels in presynaptic neurons and subsequent stabilisation of the neuronal membrane. In addition, lamotrigine has demonstrated neuroprotective effects in animal models. Lamotrigine lacks appreciable in vitro affinity for dopaminergic, adrenergic, muscarinic, opioid and adenosine receptors at clinically relevant concentrations, but binds weakly to serotonin 5HT3 receptors. It also down-regulates cortical 5HT 1A receptor-mediated adenyl cyclase responses in an animal model. Normal synaptic conduction is unaffected by lamotrigine, which suppresses abnormal (sustained repetitive) firing of sodium-dependent action potentials in animal models. Early studies in patients with epilepsy who received lamotrigine indicated a propensity for improved mood, which led to controlled clinical trials in patients with bipolar disorder. Lamotrigine has minimal effects on psychomotor, cognitive and memory function and appears not to be associated with sedative effects or bodyweight gain. Oral lamotrigine is readily bioavailable (98%), and undergoes minimal first-pass metabolism. Absorption of lamotrigine is unaffected by food. Linear pharmacokinetics show peak lamotrigine concentrations occurring 1-3 hours after a dose.
Comparison of TTS-fentanyl with sustained-release oral morphine in the treatment of patients not using opioids for mild-to-moderate pain$$$ Objective: This randomised, multicentre, direct open comparative trial evaluated the efficacy, treatment convenience, tolerability and safety aspects of transdermal therapeutic system (TTS)-fentanyl and sustained-release oral morphine (SRM) in both opioid-naïve patients with moderate-to-severe cancer-related pain and in patients who had already been using opioids for mild-to-moderate pain. The two treatment groups were run in parallel. Special attention was paid to constipation, nausea/vomiting, drowsiness and respiratory depression. Patients and methods: The 131 enrolled patients started the 4-week treatment at low doses of opioid (25 μg/h TTS-fentanyl for 3 days or 30 mg SRM every 12 h) and were individually titrated. Tolerability, efficacy and safety were assessed throughout the study period. Frequency of constipation was the primary study variable and accordingly the study was powered for this. Both patients and investigators made a global treatment evaluation. Results: TTS-fentanyl and SRM were shown to be equally effective. Pain control and sleep quality improved with both treatments. None of the patients developed respiratory depression. Statistically significantly more patients in the SRM treatment group discontinued the trial prematurely (59% vs 27%; p < 0.001), particularly due to adverse events (36% vs 4%; p < 0.001). Fewer patients in the TTS-fentanyl than in the SRM treatment group reported constipation during the trial. This finding was statistically significant after 1 week of treatment (27% vs 57%; p = 0.003). The favourable tolerability profile of TTS-fentanyl was also reflected in both the patient and the investigator global evaluation of the treatment. Patient assessment favoured TTS-fentanyl treatment in terms of a significantly lower rate of troublesome side-effects ('quite a bit' to 'very much' troublesome side-effects in 14% vs 36% of patients; p = 0.003) and less interruption of daily activities (absence of any interruption of daily activities in 88% vs 63% of patients; p = 0.012). Investigators scored TTS-fentanyl as significantly better with respect to 'side-effects' (p = 0.039) and 'overall impression' (p = 0.013). Sub-analyses of opioid-naïve users gave similar results. Conclusion: These data indicate that TTS-fentanyl, when used as an opioid of first choice in the treatment of cancer-related pain, is as effective as, but better tolerated than, SRM, including in opioid-naïve patients.
Seizure duration with remifentanil/methohexital vs. methohexital alone in middle-aged patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: The object of this study was to test whether substituting part of the methohexital dose with the short-acting opioid remifentanil would prolong seizure duration in middle-aged patients while providing a similar depth of anesthesia as with methohexital alone. This has been reported for the combined use of methohexital and remifentanil in elderly patients, but has not been investigated in middle-aged patients likely to require a higher total dose of methohexital for inducing anesthesia. Method: Seven patients (42±10years; mean±SD) receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were anesthetized with methohexital (1.25 mg kg-1) or with methohexital (0.625 mg kg-1) plus remifentanil (1 μg kg -1) in this randomized, double blind, crossover study. Additional methohexital was given as needed until loss of eyelash reflex was observed. Suxamethonium (1 mg kg-1) was used for muscular paralysis. Results: Motor and EEG seizure durations were significantly longer after induction with methohexital plus remifentanil (45±14 and 58±15 s) than with methohexital alone (31±11 and 42±18 s). A methohexital dose of 1.2±0.3 and 1.9±0.3 mg was necessary to achieve loss of eyelash reflex if methohexital was used with and without remifentanil. Peak heart rate after ECT was significantly higher if remifentanil was coadministered with methohexital (148±12 vs. 126±24 b.p.m). Conclusion: Substituting part of the methohexital dose with remifentanil is a useful anesthetic technique to prolong seizure duration in middle-aged patients requiring a 1.5-fold higher induction dose of methohexital than elderly patients, the only population studied to date for the combined use of methohexital and remifentanil in ECT. © Acta Anaesthesiologica Scandinavica.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression: A double-blind, placebo-controlled trial$$$ Background: High-frequency left-sided repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (HFL-TMS) has been shown to have antidepressant effects in double-blind trials. Low-frequency stimulation to the right prefrontal cortex (LFR-TMS) has also shown promise, although it has not been assessed in treatment-resistant depression and its effects have not been compared with those of HFL-TMS. Objective: To prospectively evaluate the efficacy of HFL-TMS and LFR-TMS in treatment-resistant depression and compared with a sham-treated control group. Design: A double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled trial. Setting: Two general psychiatric services. Participants: Sixty patients with treatment-resistant depression who had failed to respond to therapy with multiple antidepressant medications were divided into 3 groups of 20 that did not differ in age, sex, or any clinical variables. All patients completed the double-blind phase of the study. Interventions: Twenty 5-second HFL-TMS trains at 10 Hz and five 60-second LFR-TMS trains at 1 Hz were applied daily. Sham stimulation was applied with the coil angled at 45° from the scalp, resting on the side of one wing of the coil. Main Outcome Measure: Score on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale. Results: There was a significant difference in response among the 3 groups (F56.2 = 6.2), with a significant difference between the HFL-TMS and sham groups and between the LFR-TMS and sham groups (P<.005 for all) but not between the 2 treatment groups. Baseline psychomotor agitation predicted successful response to treatment. Conclusions: Both HFL-TMS and LFR-TMS have treatment efficacy in patients with medication-resistant major depression. Treatment for at least 4 weeks is necessary for clinically meaningful benefits to be achieved. Treatment with LFR-TMS may prove to be an appropriate initial repetitive TMS strategy in depression taking into account safety, tolerability, and efficacy considerations.
The efficacy and safety of ECT in depressed older adults: A literature review$$$ Background: Although little doubt exists among practising clinicians in old age psychiatry about the efficacy and safety of ECT in depression, opinions about acceptability differ widely. The objectives of this review were to determine the efficacy and safety of ECT based on both randomised and non-randomised evidence in elderly with a major depressive disorder. Methods: Randomised and non-randomised studies on efficacy and safety of ECT in elderly with and without concomitant disorders such as cerebrovascular disorders, Alzheimer's dementia, vascular dementia and Parkinson's disease were selected. Literature was systematically searched in a number of electronic databases. Results: Although 121 studies were included in the review process, only four provided randomised evidence. No negative studies with respect to efficacy were found. ECT is effective in the acute treatment of late life depression. ECT is generally safe, although a number of serious complications possibly related to ECT have been described. Most of the objectives of this review could not be answered or refuted with certainty, because firm randomised evidence on the efficacy and safety of ECT in the depressed elderly is missing. Conclusions: ECT is effective in the acute treatment of late life depression and is generally safe. Important questions such as the relative efficacy of ECT over antidepressants, the long-term efficacy of ECT, morbidity and mortality related to ECT, cost-effectiveness and the efficacy of ECT in subgroups of patients cannot be answered and need to be studied further. Copyright © 2003 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Recent development in the treatment of bipolar disorders$$$ Recently, many new therapeutic options have become available for the treatment of bipolar disorder. Most of these options are agents originally developed to treat other conditions, such as anticonvulsants and antipsychotics. Some older agents have also been rediscovered or reformulated. New drug combinations and treatment strategies have enabled a more comprehensive treatment of the spectrum of bipolar symptoms, as well as bipolar disorder complicated by a range of comorbidities, to be targeted. A growing range of novel therapeutic options for the treatment of bipolar disorder is under investigation. This paper summarises some of the data regarding these potential therapeutic options.
Major Depressive Disorder in Adolescence: A Brief Review of the Recent Treatment Literature$$$ Objective: Treating adolescents with depression remains a major clinical and public health challenge. Because of the serious morbidity and mortality associated with adolescent major depressive disorder (MDD), there is a need to review the published literature on treatment efficacy to establish effective treatment choices for these adolescents. Method: We reviewed the recent literature on the treatment of MDD in adolescents using the Medline and PsycINFO computerized databases. Results: Results of open studies of MDD treatment in adolescents suggested therapeutic efficacy; however, later, better-controlled studies are more difficult to interpret, owing to the high rate of improvement with placebo. Currently, there is limited evidence of robust, effective therapeutic interventions in children and in adolescent depressive disorders. Conclusions: Despite limitations, current findings from studies investigating selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), cognitive-behavioural therapy, and interpersonal therapy generally support these treatments as safe and effective for adolescent MDD. Still, further investigations into these treatments for adolescent depression are warranted.
Complex partial seizures and depression$$$ A long-recognized association exists between epilepsy and affective disturbance, especially depression. People with complex partial seizures that result from temporal lobe seizure foci are highly vulnerable to psychiatric disorders. Accurate diagnosis of such disorders is an important key to treatment. Interictal depression or dysphoria is the most clinically significant problem of this type. Pharmacotherapeutic treatments that have positive effects in other types of depressive illness are also effective for depression associated with epilepsy. Electroconvulsive therapy is helpful to some patients with depression that is refractory to drug treatment or psychotherapy. Surgical resection of seizure foci may lead to psychiatric improvement for some individuals, but can also have psychiatric complications. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc.
Safety and feasibility of magnetic seizure therapy (MST) in major depression: Randomized within-subject comparison with electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Magnetic seizure therapy (MST) is a novel means of performing convulsive therapy using rapidly alternating strong magnetic fields. MST offers greater control of intracerebral current intensity than is possible with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). These features may result in a superior cognitive side effect profile for MST, while possibly retaining the efficacy of ECT. The objective of this study was to determine whether MST and ECT differ in seizure characteristics, and acute objective and subjective cognitive side effects. A total of 10 inpatients in a major depressive episode referred for ECT were enrolled in this randomized, within-subject, double-masked trial. Seizure threshold was determined with MST and ECT in the first two sessions of a course of convulsive therapy, with order randomized. The remaining two sessions consisted of suprathreshold stimulation with MST and ECT. A neuropsychological battery and side effect rating scale were administered by a masked rater before and after each session. Tonic-clonic seizures were elicited with MST in all patients. Compared to ECT, MST seizures had shorter duration, lower ictal EEG amplitude, and less postictal suppression. Patients had fewer subjective side effects and recovered orientation more quickly with MST than ECT. MST was also superior to ECT on measures of attention, retrograde amnesia, and category fluency. Magnetic seizure induction in patients with depression is feasible, and appears to have a superior acute side effect profile than ECT. Future research will be needed to establish whether MST has antidepressant efficacy. © 2003 Nature Publishing Group All rights reserved.
Therapies for depression in Parkinson's disease.$$$ BACKGROUND: Depression is one of the most common neuropsychiatric disturbances in Parkinson's disease. 40% of observed variation in quality of life is due to depression. However, there is little hard evidence of the efficacy and safety of antidepressant therapies in Parkinson's disease. OBJECTIVES: To assess the efficacy and safety of antidepressant therapies in idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Safety refers to both the direct side-effects of the therapy and also the therapy's interactions with the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and with the antiparkinsonian medications. SEARCH STRATEGY: Relevant clinical trials were identified by electronic searches the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (the Cochrane Library Issue 3, 2001), MEDLINE(1996-2001), EMBASE (1974-2001), PsychLit (1800's-2001), CINAHL (1982-2001) databases. The reference list of all trial reports and reviews were examined. Queries were sent out to all manufacturers and distributors of antidepressants within the UK requesting information on any relevant clinical trials. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials (RCT) examining licensed oral antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or behavioural therapy in the treatment of depression in idiopathic Parkinson's disease. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: Data was extracted and assessed independently by three of the authors. Disagreements were resolved by discussion. MAIN RESULTS: Three randomised controlled trials were found examining oral antidepressant medications in Parkinson's disease in a total of 106 patients. No eligible trials of ECT or behavioural therapy were found. In the first arm of the crossover trial by Andersen 1980 (n=22) patients in the nortriptyline group showed a larger improvement than placebo group in median depression score in a self-made 31-item depression rating scale after 16 weeks of treatment but statistical significance was not calculated. A parallel group trial by Wermuth 1998 (n=37) did not show any statistically significant difference between the citalopram and placebo groups in the Hamilton Depression Scale after 52 weeks of treatment. The third study by Rabey 1996 (n=47) was a randomised open-label trial to compare fluvoxamine versus amitriptyline. Similar numbers of patients in amitriptyline and fluvoxamine groups (60% vs 55%) had a 50% reduction of Hamilton score after 16 months of treatment. However, further assessment of this trial was not possible because only summary results were available from an abstract and attempts to contact the authors failed. Visual hallucinations or confusion had been reported in patients with fluvoxamine and amitriptyline. Otherwise, no other major side effects were found in the other two trials. REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: Insufficient data on the effectiveness and safety of any antidepressants therapies in Parkinson's disease are available on which to make recommendations for their use. Further large scale randomised controlled trials are urgently required in this area.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder.$$$ BACKGROUND: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) was introduced as a neurophysiological technique in 1985 when Anthony Barker and his team developed a compact machine that permitted non-invasive stimulation of the cerebral cortex (Barker 1985). Since its introduction, TMS has been used to evaluate the motor system, to study the function of several cerebral regions, and for the pathophysiology of several neuropsychiatric illnesses. In addition, it has been suggested that TMS might have therapeutic potential. Some controlled studies have evaluated the effects of repetitive TMS (rTMS) in patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). Greenberg (Greenberg 1997) observed that a single session of right prefrontal cortex stimulation produced a significant decrease in compulsive urges in OCD patients lasting over eight hours. Other studies have reported transitory improvements in mood but there are no observations for changes in anxiety or obsessions. OBJECTIVES: To develop a systematic review on the clinical efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation from randomised controlled trials in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder. SEARCH STRATEGY: An electronic search was performed including the Cochrane Collaboration Depression, Anxiety and Neurosis Review Group trials register (last searched June, 2002), the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (Issue 2, 2002), MEDLINE (1966-2002), EMBASE (1974-2002), PsycLIT (1980-2002), and bibliographies from reviewed articles. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials assessing the therapeutic efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: All reviewers independently extracted the information and verified it by cross-checking. Disagreements were resolved through discussion. MAIN RESULTS: Three trials were included in the review and only two contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis. It was not possible to pool any results for a meta-analysis. No difference was seen between rTMS and sham TMS using the Yale-Brown Obsessive-Compulsive Scale or the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale for all time periods analysed. REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: There are currently insufficient data from randomised controlled trials to draw any conclusions about the efficacy of transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder.
Thyrotropin-releasing hormone administration does not affect seizure threshold during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Despite the fact that a role for thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) in seizure modulation has been consistently hypothesized, the exact nature of this role remains unclear. In this study, we investigated the effects of TRH administration on seizure threshold and seizure duration in 13 depressed inpatients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In a balanced order crossover design, an intravenous bolus of 0.4 mg TRH or placebo was administered immediately before anesthesia, during the first two sessions, in a series of bilateral ECT. In both of these sessions, a threshold titration procedure was applied by using gradual increments of the electrical charge delivered until seizure elicitation, a procedure that has been safely used in the past. Seizure threshold was defined as the lowest energy level required for induction of a grand mal seizure, by use of this titration procedure. Seizure duration was estimated both by simultaneous EEG recording and by the cuff method. Results showed that neither seizure threshold, nor seizure duration (either by cuff or by EEG) differed between the TRH and the placebo conditions, regardless of the order in which TRH or placebo were administered in the two ECT sessions. This was the case regardless of whether the patients had at baseline a blunted TSH response to TRH or not. Our findings do not support a role for TRH on seizure modulation, at least when TRH is administered exogenously. Such an effect, if it exists, could be obscured, however, by several factors, including pharmacokinetics.
The relationship between changes in learning and memory after right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: We investigated whether the ability to learn new information, as opposed to recall information, would change significantly in depressed individuals treated by low- or high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy and tested whether change in learning explained changes in recall. Method: Fifty-four depressed patients randomized to receive right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) at approximately 2.25 times their seizure threshold (ST) or at doses greater than 2.25 times ST were evaluated for verbal and figural memory as well as verbal and figural learning both pre- and post-ECT. A subset of scores from the Rey Auditory Visual Learning Test and the Rey Figure Test were analyzed using analysis of variance and linear regression techniques. Results: Scores reflecting verbal learning decreased by a mean of approximately 50% immediately after a completed course of ECT as compared with pre-ECT verbal learning scores. Stratification of effect by dose; of electrical charge revealed trends that did not achieve statistical significance. Approximately 8% of the change in delayed verbal recall was predicted by changes in verbal learning. Figural learning was not significantly changed in the aggregate (pre- versus post- treatment) or when the effect was stratified by electrical charge. Conclusions: Verbal learning scores declined immediately after ECT, but the change in learning scores explained only a minor part of the observed changes in verbal recall. These findings support the notion that the deficits in delayed recall after ECT represent a relatively specific cognitive effect that is not completely explained by changes in other aspects of cognition such as learning.
Matching the Bipolar Patient and the Mood Stabilizer$$$ Bipolar disorder poses many treatment challenges, including "matching" a particular patient with the optimal treatment regimen. Although there are a number of extant guidelines to assist the clinician in selecting treatment, these recommendations are largely based on general variables and fail to take into account the subtleties and complications that confront a clinician in practice. An analysis of predictors of medication response in bipolar disorder provides a basis for matching patients with optimal medication regimens. Response to treatment may depend on the polarity of an episode or on clinical features such as mixed or psychotic symptomatology and rate of cycling. Comorbid psychiatric disorders such as substance abuse, anxiety disorders, or attention-deficit/hyperactivity disorder should also be considered in designing a treatment regimen. Similarly, medical conditions, especially metabolic abnormalities or kidney insufficiency, must be taken into account. Selection of medication may also involve an analysis of demographic factors, including family and personal history of response to a particular agent. When selecting the most appropriate mood stabilizer for a patient-particularly when polypharmacy is required-the clinician should keep potential side effects and drug interactions in mind. Randomized, controlled studies in bipolar populations are needed to further characterize optimal matching of patient and medication.
Reductions in phenomenological, physiological and attentional indices of depressive mood after 2 Hz rTMS over the right parietal cortex in healthy human subjects$$$ Research into emotion and emotional disorders by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has largely been restricted to the prefrontal regions. There is, however, also evidence for the parietal cortex being implicated in emotional (dys-)functioning. Here we used rTMS to investigate a role of the right parietal cortex in depression. In a placebo-controlled design, 2 Hz rTMS at 90% of the individual motor threshold (MT) was applied over the right parietal cortex of eight healthy subjects for 20 min continuously. Effects on mood, autonomic activity and motivated attention were investigated. Significant reductions in depressive mood were observed immediately following and 30 min after stimulation. Moreover, these findings were objectified by a concurring pattern of autonomically mediated changes in the attentional processing of angry facial expressions. These data suggest a role for the right parietal cortex in affective brain circuits regulating phenomenological, physiological and attentional aspects of depressive functioning. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Broken heart: Depression in cardiovascular disease$$$ Heart disease and depression are among the most common diseases seen in developed countries. The relationship between heart disease and depression has been the subject of both popular interest and scientific research. Sadness is often portrayed as a feeling of heaviness in the chest or as a "broken heart." Interestingly, as we learn more about the expression of emotions, it appears that these perceptions may simply be the language representation of somatic feelings. Large, prospective, longitudinal studies that have examined the relationship between depression and development of coronary artery disease (CAD) have shown that depression is a risk factor for the development of CAD. Depression also increases mortality in patients with stable CAD or myocardial infarction compared with patients without depression. The recent Sertraline AntiDepressant HeARt attack Trial (SADHART) has shown that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors like sertraline can be safely used in patients with depression following myocardial infarction. There is also intriguing evidence that treating depression with antidepressants may improve outcomes, including mortality.
A review of pharmacologic treatments for obsessive-compulsive disorder$$$ Objective: Obsessive-compulsive disorder is a chronic and often disabling disorder that affects 2 to 3 percent of the U.S. population. Optimal treatment involves a combination of pharmacologic and cognitive-behavioral therapies. Advances in psychopharmacology have led to safe and effective treatments for obsessive-compulsive disorder that provide clinically significant improvement in symptoms. In this article the authors review studies of pharmacologic treatments. Methods: A MEDLINE search was conducted to identify relevant articles from 1991 to 2002. Double-blind, placebo-controlled studies as well as open-label studies and case reports were included. Results and discussion: The serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs), including clomipramine, fluvoxamine, fluoxetine, sertraline, and paroxetine, have been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for the treatment of adults with obsessive-compulsive disorder; three of these (clomipramine, fluvoxamine, and sertraline) have been approved for treatment of children and adolescents. Clomipramine and the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) are first-line agents. However, 40 to 60 percent of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder do not respond to adequate treatment trials with SRIs, and agents that alter serotonin receptors and other neurotransmitter systems, such as dopamine, norepinephrine, and second-messenger systems, may play a role in treatment. Treatment options for patients who do not respond to SRIs include switching, augmentation, or novel-agent strategies. Up to two-thirds of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder have comorbid psychiatric disorders, which may present a challenge in pharmacologic treatment. Major depressive disorder is the most common comorbid condition. Nonpharmacologic invasive techniques may play a role in refractory cases of obsessive-compulsive disorder, but further research is warranted.
Postpartum mood disorders$$$ Depression is a common disorder in women of childbearing age. Many women experience depressive symptoms during the postpartum period, ranging from mild postpartum blues to significant mood disorders such as postpartum depression and postpartum psychosis. The 'baby blues' are extremely common, affecting 30-75% of new mothers. This form of postpartum mood change is self-limited and requires no specific treatment other than education and support. While less common, occurring in 10-15% of births, postpartum depression has the potential for significant impact on both the health of the mother and baby. Unfortunately, affective illness in women frequently goes unrecognized and untreated. While there are effective pharmacological treatments for postpartum depression, the treatments for postpartum depression are often not utilized due to concerns about lactation. Postpartum psychosis is extremely rare, affecting one to two women per 1000 births; each case represents a true psychiatric emergency. Identifying and treating postpartum affective illness in women is critical to the health of both mother and infant. This paper reviews the literature on the diagnosis and treatment of mood disorders in the postpartum period: postpartum blues, postpartum depression and postpartum psychosis.
Psychiatric disorders in older women$$$ With increased longevity and an aging 'baby boomer' population, the numbers of women in older age groups in the United States will be increasing significantly over the coming years. Older women with schizophrenia and mood disorders that began in early adult life continue to need psychiatric treatment, although treatment considerations may require modification with age. In addition, late-onset depressive disorders are more common among older women than older men and may undermine physical and psychosocial well-being if inadequately treated. Late-onset schizophrenia and bipolar disorder are less common, but also affect older women more often than older men. Moreover, psychiatric concerns related to Alzheimer's disease and care giving are pertinent to this older population. Clinicians need to be knowledgeable about differences in epidemiology and clinical presentation that distinguish psychiatric disorders in older women from both men and from younger cohorts.
Providing information about the effectiveness of treatment options to depressed people in the community: A randomized controlled trial of effects on mental health literacy, help-seeking and symptoms$$$ Background. Many people who are depressed do not receive any professional help and their beliefs about the helpfulness of treatment do not always correspond with those of health professionals. To facilitate choices about treatment, the present study examined the effects of providing depressed people in the community with evidence on whether various treatment options work. Method. A randomized controlled trial was carried out with 1094 persons selected at random from the community who screened positive for depressive symptoms and agreed to participate. Participants were mailed either an evidence-based consumer guide to treatments for depression or, as a control, a general brochure on depression. Outcomes were the rated usefulness of the information provided, changes in attitudes to depression treatments, actions taken to reduce depression, and changes in depressive symptoms, anxiety symptoms and disability. Results. Participants rated the evidence-based consumer guide as more useful than the control brochure. Attitudes to some treatments changed. Improvements in symptoms and disability did not differ significantly between interventions. Conclusion.Providing people who are depressed with evidence on which treatments work produces some changes in attitudes and behaviour. However, this intervention may need to be enhanced if it is to produce symptom change.
Treatment of depression in patients with heart disease$$$ There is a growing body of evidence that depression significantly and adversely affects cardiovascular health. Perhaps the most prominent finding is the documented increase in mortality rate in patients with depression after myocardial infarction. The critical questions of interest to both the clinician and researcher are whether there are safe and effective treatments for depression in patients with heart disease and whether treatment of depression reduces the increased risk of cardiac morbidity and mortality. Though the data are limited and are primarily from open or comparator trials, the tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), and specific psychotherapies appear to be effective for treatment of depression in patients with ischemic heart disease (IHD), and response rates are comparable to those reported in depressed patients without heart disease; however, there has been only one placebo-controlled trial to date, and therefore it is premature to come to definitive conclusions regarding the efficacy of antidepressant therapies in this patient population. With respect to safety, the TCAs are associated with documented adverse cardiovascular effects, including increases in heart rate, orthostatic hypotension, and conduction delays. Use of TCAs in patients with IHD carries a proven increased risk of cardiac morbidity and perhaps of mortality as well. The SSRIs appear to be relatively safe and effective treatment for depression in patients with comorbid IHD. © 2003 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Treatment of psychosis in Parkinson's disease: Safety considerations$$$ Psychosis only rarely occurs in patients with untreated Parkinson's disease. Much more commonly, psychosis is induced by drug therapy for Parkinson's disease and is the strongest known risk factor for nursing home placement. Delusions are less frequent than hallucinations, but are more concerning as they are often paranoid in nature. Treatment begins with a search for correctable infectious, toxic, and metabolic aetiologies. If symptoms persist, anti-Parkinson's disease medications are slowly reduced. However, withdrawal of these drugs usually worsens parkinsonism and is often not tolerated. Certain atypical antipsychotics can be used to treat psychosis without compromising motor function. The choice of atypical antipsychotic is largely based on ease of use and adverse effect profile as most have comparable efficacy in improving psychosis. Currently, there are five marketed atypical drugs - clozapine, risperidone, olanzapine, quetiapine and ziprasidone. Ziprasidone is the only agent whose adverse effect profile has not been reported in Parkinson's disease. The most common adverse effects of clozapine in Parkinson's disease are sedation, orthostatic hypotension and sialorrhoea. Sedation is generally helpful since these patients are frequently awake at night and tend to have worse behavioural problems then. Clozapine does not induce deterioration of motor function, but it has the potential to cause agranulocytosis, which is idiosyncratic and not dose-related. In risperidone-treated Parkinson's disease patients, reported adverse effects include somnolence, sialorrhoea, dizziness, palpitations, constipation, delirium, fatigue, leg cramps, depression, urinary incontinence and hypotension. Although in some Parkinson's disease studies, risperidone has been well tolerated, others have shown that many patients are unable to tolerate the drug due to deterioration of motor function. While an initial study of olanzapine in Parkinson's disease psychosis showed the drug to be effective without deterioration of motor function, succeeding reports demonstrated a deleterious effect of the drug on motor functioning. The most common adverse effects of quetiapine in Parkinson' s disease patients are sedation and orthostatic hypotension. There is a lack of double-blind trials; however, cumulative reports involving >200 Parkinson's disease patients strongly suggest that quetiapine is well tolerated and effective. Unlike clozapine, it does not improve tremor and may induce mild deterioration of motor function. Recently, cholinesterase inhibitors have been reported to alleviate psychosis in Parkinson's disease. Although ondansetron, an antiemetic with antiserotonergic properties, has been reported to relieve psychosis in Parkinson's disease, its prohibitive cost has prevented further study in this population. Electroconvulsive treatment is generally reserved for the patient with psychotic depression who is unable to tolerate any pharmacological therapy.
Add-on rTMS for treatment of depression: A pilot study using stereotaxic coil-navigation according to PET data$$$ Objective: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is regarded as a potentially new tool to treat depression. In a double-blind, randomized, sham-controlled pilot study we investigated the efficacy of neuronavigated rTMS, guided according to the prefrontal metabolic state determined by positron emission tomography (PET). Methods: 25 patients with major depression were included. Prior to rTMS, PET scans were obtained. For the real stimulation condition, the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (DLPFC) with lower metabolic activity compared to the contralateral hemisphere was selected, if detected by prior PET. Stimulation parameters were 15 Hz, 110% motor threshold (MT), 3000 stimuli/day, for 10 days. A neuronavigational system was used to place the magnetic coil above each individuals' selected cortical region (real condition: DLPFC, sham: midline parieto-occipital, intensity 90% of MT). RTMS was administered add-on to medication. Depression-related symptoms were rated with Beck's, Hamilton's (HAM-D), and Montgomery-Asberg's (MADRS) depression rating scales. Results: Real stimulation improved depression according to HAM-D and MADRS moderately but significantly better compared to sham at the end of the stimulation sessions. In the real condition, four out of 13 patients responded with a mean improvement in HAM-D and/or MADRS of at least 50%, whereas none responded to sham. Antidepressant effects of stimulation of the relatively hypometabolic DLPFC were comparable to stimulation in absence of metabolic differences. Conclusions: A moderate improvement of depressive symptoms after rTMS was observed. Our preliminary data show that stimulation of prefrontal hypometabolism may not be advantageous to stimulation irrespective of the metabolic state. © 2003 Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Optimizing Therapeutic Options in the Treatment of Bipolar Disorder$$$ Lithium, divalproex, and olanzapine are Food and Drug Administration-approved treatments for acute mania. Recent studies indicate that risperidone may be as effective as the FDA-indicated medications in the treatment of mania, with onset of action occurring within 2-4 days. There are also data on aripiprazole, quetiapine, and ziprasidone which indicate effectiveness. Few studies exist for the long-term maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder; most physicians continue treatment regimens shown to be effective during the acute phase of illness. While lithium and valproate have been shown to be effective, monotherapy is sufficient for maintenance in less than half of patients; adding risperidone or olanzapine to the regimen reduces the risk for relapse. Although there are no medications approved by the FDA for bipolar depression, lithium and lamotrigine are considered the gold standards. Adjunctive treatment with an antidepressant is recommended for severely depressed patients. Emerging data indicate that olanzapine is useful in bipolar depression as well. In addition, electroconvulsive therapy remains a good treatment option for some patients.
Cerebrovascular diseases and depression$$$ Cerebrovascular diseases constitute a leading health hazard. The association between stroke and depression has been recognized for many years. Depression is the most common psychiatric disorder associated with cerebrovascular diseases, most episodes of post-stroke depression occur in the first 2 years after a cerebrovascular accident. Studies have found an association between lesion location, physical impairment, cognitive impairment, aphasia, and post-stroke depression. The location of the lesion in terms of proximity to the left frontal pole of the brain has a profound impact on the frequency and severity of post-stroke depression. Treatment modalities include pharmacotherapy, psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, and rehabilitation. Understanding the psychologic and physical morbidity of post-stroke depression, as well as its timely, comprehensive treatment, are important for effective management. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc.
Decisional capacity of severely depressed patients requiring electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: The decisional capacity of severely depressed people frequently comes into question. The ability to improve this decisional capacity through educational efforts alone is not known. Our study aimed to determine the decisional capacity of severely depressed people requiring electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and whether educational interventions improve their ability to provide informed consent for ECT. Materials and Methods: Forty subjects with severe depression were recruited. Using the MacArthur Competence Assessment Tool for Treatment instrument, decisional capacity was assessed at baseline and reassessed after education. All of the subjects received standard education. Additionally, half were blindly randomized to receive an experimental educational intervention. Results: At baseline, there was no statistical difference in the decisional capacity between the standard and experimental intervention groups. After educational interventions, all four areas of decisional capacity improved for both groups (understanding p < 0.001, reasoning p < 0.001, appreciation p = 0.031, choice p = 0.006). However, there was no measurable additional improvement in scores for those randomized to receive additional education. Conclusion: Our findings indicate that this group of severely depressed people had good decisional capacities to give informed consent. Education improved their decisional capacity. There is an endpoint beyond which additional educational intervention does not result in measurable improvement in decisional capacity.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of depression: Systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be useful in the treatment of depression but results from trials have been inconclusive to date. Aims: To assess the efficacy of rTMS in treating depression. Method: We conducted a systematic review of randomised controlled trials that compared rTMS with sham in patients with depression. We assessed the quality of design of all studies and conducted a meta-analysis of data from trials with similar rTMS delivery. Results: We included a total of 14 trials. The quality of the included studies was low. Pooled analysis using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression showed an effect in favour of rTMS compared with sham after 2 weeks of treatment (standardised mean difference= -0.35; 95% CI -0.66 to -0.04), but this was not significant at the 2-week follow-up (standardised mean difference= -0.33; 95% CI -0.84 to 0.17). Conclusions: Current trials are of low quality and provide insufficient evidence to support the use of rTMS in the treatment of depression. Declaration of interest: The study was funded by the Ministerio de Sanidad y Consumo, Instituto de Salud Carlos III, Spain (grant no. 00/10099). T.E.S. is involved in one of the studies included in this review and is also Secretary Treasurer of the International Society for Transcranial Stimulation.
Valproate$$$ Objectives: This article summarizes the role of valproate as a treatment for bipolar disorder and related conditions. Methods: Published studies and reviews were systematically reviewed. Results from randomized, parallel group, double-blind, placebo-controlled studies that included an active comparator are emphasized. Results: Valproate is an effective treatment for manic patients. Valproate was superior to placebo in one 1-year randomized, parallel group study in rate of recurrence requiring discontinuation, rate of depression requiring discontinuation, total early termination and time to 25% of patients relapsing with mania, and in controlling mild depressive symptoms. On some measures, including time to development of a manic episode, valproate did not differ from placebo. Assessments of maintenance efficacy of valproate and other putative prophylactic treatments for bipolar disorder are problematic, because of the need to analyze multiple indices of efficacy, and practical and ethical issues that limit generalizability of results of placebo-controlled studies. Valproate has some advantages over lithium in treatment of mania for persons with more severe illnesses. Valproate benefits a broader spectrum of bipolar conditions than lithium. Valproate appears at best modestly effective for bipolar depression. Used in combination with several other treatments, additive benefits result, that are greater than with any of the treatments as monotherapy. Side effects are generally mild and manageable, particularly with divalproex. Weight gain and pharmacokinetic interaction with lamotrigine are perhaps the most consistent problems in use. Valproate contributes to neural tube defects if taken during the first trimester of pregnancy, and this risk must be conveyed to women. Conclusions: Valproate is an effective and useful treatment for bipolar disorder. Studies clarifying its spectrum of efficacy, its safety and efficacy in combination regimens, and its mechanisms of action are warranted.
Evidence-based guidelines for treating bipolar disorder: Recommendations from the British Association for Psychopharmacology$$$ The British Association for Psychopharmacology guidelines specify the scope and target of treatment for bipolar disorder. They are based explicitly on the available evidence and presented, similar to previous Clinical Practice guidelines, as recommendations to aid clinical decision-making for practitioners. They may also serve as a source of information for patients and carers. The recommendations are presented together with a more detailed review of the available evidence. A consensus meeting, involving experts in bipolar disorder and its treatment, reviewed key areas and considered the strength of evidence and clinical implications. The guidelines were drawn up after extensive feedback from participants and interested parties. The strength of supporting evidence was rated. The guidelines cover the diagnosis of bipolar disorder, clinical management and strategies for the use of medicines in short-term treatment of episodes, relapse prevention and stopping treatment.
Six-month follow-up of in-patient experiential cognitive therapy for binge eating disorders$$$ Treating binge eating disorders is not easy: the disordered eating is usually combined with a patient who is overweight and often obese. As underlined by the current literature, treatment outcome must focus, at a minimum, on the binge eating characterizing this disorder, on weight changes, and preferably also changes in co-morbid psychopathology. To address these issues, cognitive behavioral therapy (CBT) is still considered the best approach. However, if we check the results of follow-up studies, different authors reported some relapse in the frequency of binge eating and small weight gains over the follow-up period. This paper describes the 6-month follow-up outcome of the Experiential Cognitive Therapy (ECT), a multi factorial treatment for binge eating disorders, including virtual reality therapy. These results are compared in a randomized controlled trial (n = 36) with the ones obtained by CBT and nutritional groups only. The results showed that 77% of the ECT group quit binging after 6 months versus 56% for the CBT sample and 22% for the nutritional group sample. Moreover, the ECT sample reported better scores in most psychometric tests including EDI-2 and body image scores.
Experiential cognitive therapy in the treatment of panic disorders with agoraphobia: A controlled study$$$ The use of a multicomponent cognitive-behavioral treatment strategy for panic disorder with agoraphobia is actually one of the preferred therapeutic approaches for this disturbance. This method involves a mixture of cognitive and behavioral techniques that are intended to help patients identify and modify their dysfunctional anxiety-related thoughts, beliefs and behavior. The paper presents a new treatment protocol for Panic Disorder and Agoraphobia, named Experiential-Cognitive Therapy (ECT) that integrates the use of virtual reality (VR) in a multicomponent cognitive-behavioral treatment strategy. The VR software used for the trial is freely downloadable: www.cyberpsychology.info/try.htm. Moreover, the paper presents the result of a controlled study involving 12 consecutive patients aged 35-53. The selected subjects were randomly divided in three groups: ECT group, that experienced the Cognitive Behavioral Therapy-Virtual Reality assisted treatment (eight sessions), a CBT group that experienced the traditional Cognitive Behavioral approach (12 sessions) and a waiting list control group. The data showed that both CBT and ECT could significantly reduce the number of panic attacks, the level of depression and both state and trait anxiety. However, ECT procured these results using 33% fewer sessions than CBT. This datum suggests that ECT could be better than CBT in relation to the "cost of administration," justifying the added use of VR equipment in the treatment of panic disorders.
Metabolic changes after repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the left prefrontal cortex: A sham-controlled proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy (1H MRS) study of healthy brain$$$ Rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation is being increasingly used in the treatment of psychiatric disorders, especially major depression. However, its mechanisms of action are still unclear. The aim of this study was to assess metabolic changes by proton magnetic resonance spectroscopy following high-frequency rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation (20 Hz), both immediately after a single session and 24 h after a series of five consecutive sessions. Twelve healthy volunteers were enrolled in a prospective single-blind, randomized study [sham (n = 5) vs. real (n= 7)]. Three brain regions were investigated (right, left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, left anterior cingulate cortex). A single as well as a series of consecutive rapid transcranial magnetic stimulations affected cortical glutamate/glutamine levels. These effects were present not only close to the stimulation site (left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex), but also in remote (right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, left cingulate cortex) brain regions. Remarkably, the observed changes in glutamate/ glutamine levels were dependent on the pre-transcranial magnetic stimulation glutamate/glutamine concentration, i.e. the lower the pre-stimulation glutamate/glutamine level, the higher the glutamate/glutamine increase observed after short- or long-term stimulation (5days). In general, the treatment was well tolerated and no serious side-effects were reported. Neither transient mood changes nor significant differences in the outcome of a series of neuropsychological test batteries after real or sham transcranial magnetic stimulation occurred in our experiment. In summary, these data indicate that rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation may act via stimulation of glutamatergic prefrontal neurons.
The influence of cognitive reserve on memory following electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Cognitive reserve (CR) theory proposes that certain genetic and nonacquired variables, such as larger head size and greater neuronal density, and some life experiences, such as higher educational and occupational attainment, provide a buffer against brain dysfunction in the face of acquired central nervous system (CNS) dysfunction. This study examined CR in the pseudoexperimental paradigm of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Subjects included fifty (N = 50) depressed patients treated with bilateral ECT. Subjects were placed in high (n = 27) or low (n = 23) CR groups based on years of education and occupational attainment. At baseline, no significant differences were observed between the groups in the amount of information forgotten on a verbal memory measure (Randt stories) after a 30-minute delay. Following three ECT treatments, however, the high CR group forgot significantly less information after a 30-minute delay, as compared to the low CR group (p < 0.01). These data provide further support for CR theory and suggest that CR may be an underlying factor in differential memory loss in ECT.
Lithium combinations in acute and maintenance treatment of unipolar and bipolar depression$$$ Bipolar illness and unipolar depression are both affective disorders associated with high lifetime morbidity and premature mortality due to suicide. Numerous double-blind, placebo-controlled trials have shown that lithium augmentation therapy is effective in treating acute episodes of bipolar depression, refractory major depression, and delusional depression as well as in reducing recurrences of these illnesses. Lithium is the only agent approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder. Further research is needed to specifically address whether the antidepressant effect of adding lithium is greater in bipolar disorder or in unipolar depressions. This article will summarize available evidence and clinical considerations regarding the use of lithium augmentation in acute and maintenance treatment of unipolar and bipolar depressions.
Child and adolescent suicide: Epidemiology, risk factors, and approaches to prevention$$$ Suicide is rare in childhood and early adolescence, and becomes more frequent with increasing age. The latest mean worldwide annual rates of suicide per 100 000 were 0.5 for females and 0.9 for males among 5-14-year-olds, and 12.0 for females and 14.2 for males among 15-24-year-olds, respectively. In most countries, males outnumber females in youth suicide statistics. Although the rates vary between countries, suicide is one of the commonest causes of death among young people. Due to the growing risk for suicide with increasing age, adolescents are the main target of suicide prevention. Reportedly, less than half of young people who have committed suicide had received psychiatric care, and thus broad prevention strategies are needed in healthcare and social services. Primary care clinicians are key professionals in recognizing youth at risk for suicide. This article reviews recent population-based psychological autopsy studies of youth suicides and selected follow-up studies of clinical populations and suicide attempters, analyzing risk factors for youth suicides. As youth suicides are rare, research on risk factors for youth suicidal ideation and attempted suicide is also briefly reviewed. The relationship between psychiatric disorders and adolescent suicide is now well established. Mood disorders, substance abuse and prior suicide attempts are strongly related with youth suicides. Factors related to family adversity, social alienation and precipitating problems also contribute to the risk of suicide. The main target of effective prevention of youth suicide is to reduce suicide risk factors. Recognition and effective treatment of psychiatric disorders, e.g. depression, are essential in preventing child and adolescent suicides. Research on the treatment of diagnosed depressive disorders and of those with suicidal behavior is reviewed. In the treatment of youth depression, psychosocial treatments have proved to be useful and efficacious. Although studies on the effectiveness of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are limited in number, evidence supports their use as first-line antidepressant medication in youth depression. Available evidence suggests that various treatment modalities are useful in the treatment of suicidal youths, e.g. cognitive behavioral therapy and specialized emergency room interventions. Much of the decrease in suicide ideation and suicide attempts seems to be attributable to nonspecific elements in treatment. For high-risk youth, providing continuity of care is a challenge, since they are often noncompliant and commonly drop out or terminate their treatment prematurely. Developing efficacious treatments for suicidal children and adolescents would offer better possibilities to prevent suicides.
Pretreatment with ibuprofen to prevent electroconvulsive therapy-induced headache$$$ Background: Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has been widely recognized as an effective treatment for severe depression and various other psychiatric illnesses, adverse effects have been frequently reported, especially a high incidence of headache. Analgesics, such as acetaminophen, narcotics, or nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), are commonly used to treat ECT-induced headache. The objective of this study was to determine whether pretreatment with ibuprofen would prevent the onset or decrease the severity of headache that occurs after ECT. Method: All inpatients on the psychiatric units who required ECT treatment were asked to participate in the study. Thirty-four patients were randomly assigned to receive either ibuprofen, 600 mg, or placebo orally 90 minutes prior to the initial ECT session, with the alternate treatment given for the second ECT treatment. Patients were asked to complete a questionnaire prior to and after the first 2 ECT treatments regarding the pattern, severity, and onset of headache. Severity of the headache was measured on a visual analogue scale (VAS). Results: Ten patients experienced headache in neither treatment arm, while 7 patients experienced headache in both treatment arms. Eleven patients experienced headache with placebo but not with ibuprofen, while 2 patients experienced headache with ibuprofen but not with placebo. Ibuprofen was significantly more effective than placebo in preventing the onset of headache post-ECT (p = .022). The mean ± SD VAS headache scores were 1.49 ± 1.54 and 0.54 ± 0.91 in the placebo and ibuprofen arms, respectively. Ibuprofen was significantly more effective than placebo in reducing the severity of ECT-induced headache (p = .007). Conclusion: Ibuprofen premedication reduced the frequency and severity of headache post-ECT and should be considered for appropriate patients who suffer from ECT-induced headache.
Depression and ischemic heart disease: Overview of the evidence and treatment implications$$$ In this article, the authors review the evidence that depression is a risk factor for ischemic heart disease and examine the efficacy and safety of depression treatments in patients with ischemic heart disease. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc.
Pain management in older adults$$$ Pain is a common complaint of older adults. Persistent pain has a significant negative impact on elderly individuals' sense of well being, physical function, and quality of life. Increasing age and cognitive impairment are risk factors for undertreatment of persistent pain. Safe and effective therapy is available for pain syndromes that commonly affect older adults. Recognition of failure of health providers to appropriately assess and manage persistent pain has led to the recent development and adoption of regulatory guidelines for the implementation of effective pain management programs. Copyright © 2003 by Current Science Inc.
Electroconvulsive therapy for the depressed elderly$$$ Background: Depressive disorders are common in old age, with serious health consequences such as increased morbidity, disability, and mortality. The frailty of elderly people may seriously hamper the efficacy and safety of pharmacotherapy. Therefore, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) may be an alternative to treatment with antidepressants. Objectives: To assess the efficacy and safety of ECT compared to simulated ECT or antidepressants in depressed elderly people. Search methods: We searched the CCDAN Controlled Trials Register on 21/1/2007, MEDLINE 1966-2006, EMBASE 1980-2006, Biological abstracts 1985-2006, CINAHL 1982-2006, Lilacs from 1982 onwards, Psyclit 1887-2006, Sigle 1980-2006. Reference lists of relevant papers were scanned. The Journal of ECT, the International Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry and the American Journal of Geriatric Psychiatry were handsearched. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials of ECT for elderly people (>60 years) with depression, with or without concomitant conditions such as cerebrovascular disease, dementia (including Alzheimer's type and vascular) and Parkinson's disease were included. Data collection and analysis: Data were independently extracted by at least two review authors. Weighted mean differences (WMD) between groups were calculated for continuous data. Main results: Randomised evidence was sparse. Only four trials were eligible for inclusion, one comparing the efficacy of real ECT versus simulated ECT, two comparing the efficacy of unilateral versus bilateral ECT and the other comparing the efficacy of ECT once a week with ECT three times weekly. All trials had major methodological shortcomings; reports were mostly lacking essential information to perform a quantitative analysis. Although the findings from one study (35 participants) concluded that real ECT was superior to simulated ECT, these conclusions need to be interpreted cautiously. Only results from one of the trials (29 participants) comparing unilateral versus bilateral ECT could be analysed, and did not show convincing efficacy of unilateral ECT over bilateral ECT, WMD 6.06 (CI -5.20 to 17.32). Randomised evidence on the efficacy and safety of ECT in depressed elderly with concomitant dementia, cerebrovascular disorders or Parkinson's disease was lacking completely. Possible side-effects could not be adequately examined because of the lack of randomised evidence and methodological shortcomings. Authors' conclusions: None of the objectives of this review could be adequately tested because of the lack of firm, randomised evidence. Given the specific problems in the treatment of depressed elderly, a well designed randomised controlled trial should be conducted in which the efficacy of ECT is compared to one or more antidepressants.
Therapies for depression in Parkinson's disease$$$ Background: Depression is one of the most common neuropsychiatric disturbances in Parkinson's disease. 40% of observed variation in quality of life is due to depression. However, there is little hard evidence of the efficacy and safety of antidepressant therapies in Parkinson's disease. Objectives: To assess the efficacy and safety of antidepressant therapies in idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Safety refers to both the direct side-effects of the therapy and also the therapy's interactions with the symptoms of Parkinson's disease and with the antiparkinsonian medications. Search methods: Relevant clinical trials were identified by electronic searches the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (the Cochrane Library Issue 3, 2001), MEDLINE(1996-2001), EMBASE (1974-2001), PsychLit (1800's-2001), CINAHL (1982-2001) databases. The reference list of all trial reports and reviews were examined. Queries were sent out to all manufacturers and distributors of antidepressants within the UK requesting information on any relevant clinical trials. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials (RCT) examining licensed oral antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or behavioural therapy in the treatment of depression in idiopathic Parkinson's disease. Data collection and analysis: Data was extracted and assessed independently by three of the authors. Disagreements were resolved by discussion. Main results: Three randomised controlled trials were found examining oral antidepressant medications in Parkinson's disease in a total of 106 patients. No eligible trials of ECT or behavioural therapy were found. In the first arm of the crossover trial by Andersen 1980 (n=22) patients in the nortriptyline group showed a larger improvement than placebo group in median depression score in a self-made 31-item depression rating scale after 16 weeks of treatment but statistical significance was not calculated. A parallel group trial by Wermuth 1998 (n=37) did not show any statistically significant difference between the citalopram and placebo groups in the Hamilton Depression Scale after 52 weeks of treatment. The third study by Rabey 1996 (n=47) was a randomised open-label trial to compare fluvoxamine versus amitriptyline. Similar numbers of patients in amitriptyline and fluvoxamine groups (60% vs 55%) had a 50% reduction of Hamilton score after 16 months of treatment. However, further assessment of this trial was not possible because only summary results were available from an abstract and attempts to contact the authors failed. Visual hallucinations or confusion had been reported in patients with fluvoxamine and amitriptyline. Otherwise, no other major side effects were found in the other two trials. Authors' conclusions: Insufficient data on the effectiveness and safety of any antidepressants therapies in Parkinson's disease are available on which to make recommendations for their use. Further large scale randomised controlled trials are urgently required in this area.
The effect of remifentanil on seizure duration and acute hemodynamic responses to electroconvulsive therapy$$$ We designed this prospective, randomized, doubleblinded, placebo-controlled, crossover study to evaluate the effect of different doses of remifentanil on the acute hemodynamic response and duration of seizure activity after a standardized electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) stimulus. Twenty consenting patients with major depressive disorders receiving maintenance ECT participated in this study. Eighty ECT treatments were evaluated. All patients were premedicated with glycopyrrolate 0.2 mg IV, unconsciousness was induced with methohexital 1 mg/kg IV, and muscle paralysis was produced with succinylcholine 1.2 mg/kg IV. Subsequently, patients received 1 of 3 different doses of remifentanil 25,50, and 100 μg or saline (control) in a random sequence immediately after methohexital at 4 consecutive ECT treatments. Labetalol, in 5-mg IV boluses, was used as a rescue antihypertensive medication. A fixed suprathreshold electrical stimulus was administered to elicit a seizure, and the times from the stimulus to the cessation of the motor and electroencephalographic (EEG) seizure activity were noted. Pre- and post-ECT blood pressure values were significantly decreased in the 100-μg remifentanil group compared with the control group. The durations of motor (38 ± 9 s to 43 ± 15 s) and EEG (55 ± 29 s to 60 ± 21 s) seizure activity were not significantly different among the four groups. Similarly, recovery times to eye opening, obeying commands, and discharge from the recovery room did not differ among the four study groups. The requirement for labetalol after ECT was nonsignificantly decreased in the remifentanil groups. In conclusion, remifentanil 100 μg IV attenuated the acute hemodynamic response to ECT. Furthermore, remifentanil had no adverse effect on the duration of ECT-induced seizure activity. Finally, adjunctive use of remifentanil did not prolong recovery times or increase post-ECT side effects.
Neurosurgery for intractable obsessive-compulsive disorder and depression: Critical issues$$$ Intractable OCD and depression cause tremendous suffering in those affected and in their families. The impaired ability to function of those affected imposes a heavy burden on society as a whole. Existing data suggest that lesion procedures offer benefit to a large proportion (ranging from about 35%-70%) of patients with intractable OCD and depression. The literature also suggests that although serious long-term adverse events have occurred, these are relatively infrequent overall. Methodologic limitations of the earlier reports on any of these procedures were described previously in this article. The major academic centers conducting this work have since been obtaining systematic prospective data using modern assessment tools. Nevertheless, even with improved methodologies, more recent studies confront some remaining issues that have been difficult to overcome fully. First, the number of patients who have received any one procedure has been relatively small, constraining statistical power. This limits the ability of researchers to enhance patient selection based on clinical characteristics. This is important, because patients with intractable OCD and depression referred for neurosurgery have high rates of comorbid Axis I diagnoses, personality disorders, and functional impairments, which may have value in predicting response. Other features, such as age of onset, chronicity, and symptom subtypes, may be likewise useful. Another key factor in response may be postoperative management, which has varied most over time but also across patients enrolled in trials. As noted previously, randomized controlled trials of neurosurgical treatment for intractable psychiatric illness have not been reported, although one has been proposed for gamma knife capsulotomy in intractable OCD [23]. The development of deep brain stimulation has also made sham-controlled studies possible and also allows within-patient designs to be considered. Bearing these problems in mind, the literature does provide important guidance on a number of key points, including approaches to referral, patient selection, and the need for long-term prospective follow-up and postoperative management. Nevertheless, important gaps in knowledge remain in all these areas. Research is expected to narrow these gaps in a number of ways, including patient selection, optimizing the procedures themselves, and understanding the mechanisms of therapeutic action. Neuroimaging studies will play a key role in achieving these aims (see the article by Rauch in this issue). So will cross-species translational research on the anatomy and physiology of the pathways implicated in the pathophysiology and response to treatment in these disorders. Future research in psychiatric neurosurgery must proceed cautiously. A recent editorial statement of the OCD-DBS Collaborative Group [26] recommends a minimum set of standards for any multidisciplinary teams contemplating work in this domain. The rationale for those standards is found throughout this issue and is especially developed in the article by Fins. The need for safe and effective therapeutic options for people suffering with these severe illnesses is just as clear. The experience over the last several decades provides grounds for careful optimism that refined lesion procedures or reversible deep brain stimulation may relieve suffering and improve the lives of people with these devastating disorders.
Cervical vagus nerve stimulation for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Therapeutic brain stimulation through left cervical VNS now has established safety and efficacy as a long-term adjunct treatment for medication-resistant epilepsy. There is considerable evidence from both animal and human studies that the vagus nerve carries afferent signals to limbic and higher cortical brain regions, providing a rationale for its possible role in the treatment of psychiatric disorders. Open-label studies in patients with treatment-resistant depression have produced promising results, especially when response rates at longer term (1 year and 2 years) follow-up time points are considered. Short-term (10 weeks) treatment with VNS failed to demonstrate statistical superiority over sham treatment in a recently completed double-blind study, so antidepressant efficacy has not yet been established. Longer term data on VNS in depressed patients as well as further information regarding the possible dose-response relation will help to determine the place of VNS in the armament of therapeutic modalities available for major depression.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ TMS is a powerful new tool with extremely interesting research and therapeutic potentials. Further understanding of the ways by which TMS changes neuronal function, especially as a function of its use parameters, will improve its ability to answer neuroscience questions as well as to treat diseases. Because of its noninvasiveness, it does not readily fit under the umbrella of neurosurgery. Nevertheless, it is important for neurosurgeons to be aware of TMS, because findings from TMS studies will have implications for neurosurgical approaches like DBS and VNS. Indeed, it is possible to think of using TMS as a potential noninvasive initial screening tool to identify whether perturbation of a circuit has short-term clinical effects. In the example of chronic refractory depression or OCD, which is generally a chronic illness, it might then follow that rather than having daily or weekly TMS for the rest of their lives, patients would have DBS electrodes implanted in the same circuit. Whatever road the future takes, TMS is an important new tool that will likely be of interest to neurosurgeons over the next 20 years and perhaps even longer.
0.2-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has no add-on effects as compared to a realistic sham stimulation in parkinson's disease$$$ To study the efficacy of 0.2-Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on Parkinson's disease (PD), 85 patients with PD were enrolled into three groups: 1) motor cortical, 2) occipital, and 3) sham stimulation. A round coil was centered over the vertex in motor cortical stimulation, and over the inion in occipital stimulation. In one session, 100 stimuli of 0.2-Hz rTMS at an intensity of 1.1 times active motor threshold (AMT) were given. In sham stimulation, electric currents were given with electrodes fixed on the head to mimic the sensation in real stimulation. Each session was carried out once a week for the first 8 weeks. The Unified Parkinson Disease Rating Scale (UPDRS), Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) and subjective score (visual analogue scale) were assessed. There were no significant differences in clinical features among the three groups. Total and motor score of UPDRS were improved to the same extent by rTMS over Cz, inion, and sham stimulation. HRSD was improved by rTMS over Cz and sham stimulation in the same manner. Subjective score was not significantly improved by any methods of stimulation. 0.2-Hz rTMS at an intensity of 1.1 × AMT has only a placebo effect on PD. Our realistic sham stimulation maneuver must produce powerful placebo effects as a real stimulation. © 2002 Movement Disorder Society.
Antidepressant efficacy of two different rTMS procedures: High frequency over left versus low frequency over right prefrontal cortex compared with sham stimulation$$$ Background: This placebo-controlled study was designed to investigate the influence of two different stimulation procedures of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) on depressive symptoms in patients with depressive disorders. Furthermore, effects on cognitive functions and psychomotor functioning were tested. Methods: Thirty patients with depression (22 females and 8 males; mean age of 56.4 years) were included. They were treated with a stable dosage of antidepressant medication. They received either high frequency rTMS (20 Hz) over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (LDLPFC), low frequency rTMS (1 Hz) over the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex (RDLPFC) or sham stimulations (10 patients in each group) as add on treatment at 10 days within 2 weeks. Depressive symptoms were registered by means of observer ratings (Hamilton Depression Rating Scale - HDRS) and self reports (Beck Depression Inventory - BDI). Psychomotor retardation was investigated by the Motor Agitation and Retardation Scale and cognitive function by d2 test. Results and conclusions: Differences between the rTMS procedures regarding depressive symptoms could not be found. Motor abnormalities, however, significantly improved exclusively after real stimulation procedures. Patients with less severe deficits in psychomotor speed and concentration responded more intensively than patients with severe deficits.
Efficacy and safety of electroconvulsive therapy in depressive disorders: A systematic review and meta-analysis$$$ Background: We aimed to review published work for the efficacy and safety of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) with simulated ECT, ECT versus pharmacotherapy, and different forms of ECT for patients with depressive illness. Methods: We designed a systematic overview and meta-analysis of randomised controlled trials and observational studies. We obtained data from the Cochrane Collaboration Depressive Anxiety and Neurosis and Schizophrenia Group Controlled trial registers, Cochrane Controlled Trials register, Biological Abstracts, CINAHL, EMBASE, LILACS, MEDLINE, PsycINFO, and SIGLE, reference lists, and specialist textbooks. Our main outcome measures were depressive symptoms, measures of cognitive function, and mortality. Findings: Meta-analysis of data of short-term efficacy from randomised controlled trials was possible. Real ECT was significantly more effective than simulated ECT (six trials, 256 patients, standardised effect size [SES] -0.91, 95% CI -1.27 to -0.54). Treatment with ECT was significantly more effective than pharmacotherapy (18 trials, 1144 participants, SES -0.80, 95% CI -1.29 to -0.29). Bilateral ECT was more effective than unipolar ECT (22 trials, 1408 participants, SES -0.32, 95% CI -0.46 to -0.19). Interpretation ECT is an effective short-term treatment for depression, and is probably more effective than drug therapy. Bilateral ECT is moderately more effective than unilateral ECT, and high dose ECT is more effective than low dose.
Parecoxib, second-generation COX-2 inhibitor, in the treatment of acute surgical pain$$$ Opioids and nonselective nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) are commonly used in the management of acute surgical pain. Opioids are potent analgesics but have significant side effects including sedation, respiratory depression, nausea, vomiting, urinary retention, constipation and ileus, while conventional nonselective NSAIDs are associated with significant adverse effects which limit their use. Parecoxib (Dynastat™, Pharmacia Corporation, Peapack, NJ) is a second-generation injectable COX-2 selective compound with a rapid onset of action and significant analgesic and anti-inflammatory properties. Parecoxib is the water-soluble pro-drug form of the highly selective cyclooxygenase (COX)-2 specific inhibitor, valdecoxib, which was originally approved for use in the United States in November 2001. Parecoxib is rapidly and completely hydrolyzed in vivo to the active drug, valdecoxib. Ketorolac is a potent injectable nonselective NSAID and the only other non-narcotic analgesic available in the U.S., but is associated with significant side effects of gastrointestinal ulceration and bleeding, acute renal failure and platelet dysfunction. Chronic use of nonselective NSAIDs is associated with significant morbidity and mortality, with as many as 20% of patients developing endoscopic ulcers after 3 months of treatment.1 In the U.S. alone, about 16,500 deaths annually are attributed to complications from NSAIDs, such as gastrointestinal bleeding.2 In contrast, parecoxib in therapeutic doses has been shown to have minimal side effects, offering a unique potent analgesic effect with a satisfactory safety profile. Selective COX-2 inhibition offers a significant advantage over conventional NSAIDs in the management of acute and chronic painful and inflammatory conditions. The injectable, highly selective and potent COX-2 inhibitor parecoxib sodium has been studied for the prevention and management of acute pain, including postoperative pain in dental, gynecologic and orthopedic models. The analgesic efficacy of parecoxib, which has been documented in placebo-controlled trials, exceeds that of IV morphine sulfate 4 mg and is comparable to that of the NSAID ketorolac. However, unlike ketorolac, the use of parecoxib is not associated with any increased risk of gastrointestinal ulcers or platelet inhibition.
Neuropsychiatric effects of cardiovascular drug therapy$$$ Various cardiovascular drugs have been shown to have neuropsychiatric effects that can be harmful or therapeutically beneficial to patients. As an example, both sedation and mental depression have been described in patients receiving centrally acting antihypertensive drugs and beta-adrenergic blockers, related to their antiadrenergic actions. In contrast, because of these antiadrenergic actions, agents like clonidine have been used to treat opiate, alcohol, and nicotine withdrawal, while beta blockers have been used to treat symptoms of performance anxiety, migraine, and psychocardiac disorders. Some antiarrhythmic drugs have been associated with delirium, and digitalis toxicity has been shown to cause hallucinations, mania, euphoria, and depression. The calcium-channel blocker verapamil has been used as an adjunctive treatment in patients with bipolar disorders. Since neuropsychiatric symptoms are seen in patients with cardiovascular disease, clinicians should be aware of the possible relationship between these symptoms and concurrent cardiovascular drug therapy.
Status epilepticus: A review of different syndromes, their current evaluation, and treatment$$$ BACKGROUND - Status epilepticus (SE) encompasses a wide range of seizure types with different clinical presentations, pathophysiologies, treatment imperatives, and outcomes. The most dramatic and life-threatening form, generalized convulsive status epilepticus, has been reviewed in all of these aspects, but other less common types of SE have been described less extensively. REVIEW SUMMARY - Definitions of generalized convulsive SE and its pathophysiology are reviewed briefly. Defining SE by a specific duration of seizures is controversial and has implications for studies and for clinical management. Several types of SE are different in their causes, presentations, and outcomes. Many are underdiagnosed. This article focuses on the pharmacology and clinical studies of several anticonvulsant medications used to treat SE. A protocol approach is not detailed. Rather, the clinical evaluation begins with meticulous diagnosis of the type of SE. Establishing the SE syndrome diagnosis and use of anticonvulsants with demonstrated effectiveness facilitate an appropriate treatment plan for individual patients. Recent developments in the basic science of SE raise the possibility of better treatments in the future. CONCLUSIONS - As there are many types of seizures, there are also many types of SE. Each has unique presentations and treatment considerations. Review of actual clinical data from SE treatment studies should be helpful in devising the best treatment for an individual patient.
An evidence-based review of stroke rehabilitation$$$ A comprehensive evidence-based review of stroke rehabilitation was created to be an up-to-date review of the current evidence in stroke rehabilitation and to provide specific conclusions based on evidence that could be used to help direct stroke care at the bedside and at home. A literature search using multiple databases was used to identify all trials from 1968 to 2001. Methodological quality of the individual randomized controlled trials was assessed using the Physiotherapy Evidence Database (PEDro) quality assessment scale. A five-stage level-of-evidence approach was used to determine the best practice in stroke rehabilitation. Over 403 treatment-based articles investigating of various areas of stroke rehabilitation were identified. This included 272 randomized controlled trials.
A randomized controlled comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in severe and resistant nonpsychotic major depression$$$ Background: Studies published over the past few years suggest that transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) may have significant antidepressant actions. In a previous report, we compared electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and repetitive TMS (rTMS) and found ECT to be superior for psychotic major depression (MD); however, ECT and rTMS had similar results in nonpsychotic MD. We now report on a controlled randomized comparison of ECT and rTMS in patients with nonpsychotic MD. Methods: Forty patients with nonpsychotic MD referred for ECT were included. Electroconvulsive therapy was performed according to established protocols. Repetitive TMS was performed over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 90% motor threshold. Patients were treated with 20 sessions (five times per week for 4 weeks) of 10-Hz treatments (1200 pulses per treatment-day) at 90% motor threshold. Response to treatment was defined as a decrease of at least 50% in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) score, with a final HRSD equal or less than 10 points and a final Global Assessment of Function Scale rating of 60 or more points. Results: The overall response rate was 58% (23 out of 40 patients responded to treatment). In the ECT group, 12 responded and eight did not; in the rTMS group, 11 responded and nine did not (χ2 = .10, ns). Thus, patients responded as well to either ECT or rTMS. Conclusions: This study adds to the growing literature supporting an antidepressant effect for rTMS. This study is particularly relevant because it suggests that rTMS and ECT reach similar results in nonpsychotic major depressive disorder. © 2003 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Suppression of motor evoked potentials in a hand muscle following prolonged painful stimulation$$$ Earlier investigations have shown that stimulation of peripheral afferent nerves induces prolonged changes in the excitability of the human motor cortex. The present study compared the effect of experimental pain and non-painful conditioning stimulation on motor evoked potentials (MEPs) elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the relaxed first dorsal interosseous (FDI) and flexor carpi ulnaris (FCU) muscles. The MEPs were measured in 10 healthy subjects, and stimulus-response curves were generated before and after each of four stimulation paradigms conducted in random order on separate occasions: (a) control; (b) "dual stimulation" consisting of electrical stimulation of the FDI motor point paired with TMS; (c) painful infusion of hypertonic saline in the FDI muscle; and (d) pain combined with dual stimulation. There were no significant changes in FDI MEPs following the control paradigm, and dual stimulation induced an increase in the FDI MEPs only inconsistently. In contrast, the painful stimulation and the combined pain and dual stimulation paradigms were followed by significant suppression of the FDI MEPs at higher stimulus intensities. No changes were observed in the FCU MEPs following the four paradigms. In two additional subjects, the responses evoked in FDI by direct stimulation of the descending corticospinal tracts were significantly depressed following painful stimulation of the FDI, although the ulnar-evoked M-waves remained constant. It is concluded that muscle pain is followed by a period with profound depression of MEPs amplitudes in the resting muscle, but that these changes are at least in part due to a lasting depression of the excitability of the motoneurones in the spinal cord. Hence, painful stimulation differs from non-painful, repetitive stimulation, which facilitates the corticomotor pathway. © 2002 European Federation of Chapters of the International Association for the Study of Pain. Published by Elsevier Science Ltd. All rights reserved.
Improved motor recovery after stroke and massive cortical reorganization following Constraint-Induced Movement Therapy$$$ Constraint-Induced Movement therapy (CI therapy) has been demonstrated to improve motor function and upper extremity (UE) use of persons with hemiparesis resulting from chronic stroke through two separate but linked mechanisms, overcoming learned nonuse, and facilitating use-dependent cortical reorganization. The principles of CI therapy and adaptations of the basic techniques have been used successfully with diagnostic categories other than stroke that involve disability greater than what is warranted by the organic condition of the individual. Because neuroimaging and transcranial magnetic stimulation studies indicate that many of these conditions involve abnormalities of cortical organization, CI therapy might therefore be viewed as a technique that achieves clinical efficacy by correcting disorders of brain plasticity. CI therapy constitutes a new approach to neurorehabilitation and, with continued investigation, elaboration, and application to clinical settings, it seems to hold considerable promise.
Is it time to introduce repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation into standard clinical practice for the treatment of depressive disorders?$$$ Objective: To examine issues relating to the potential introduction of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) into clinical practice as a treatment for depression. Method: A review of the outcomes literature accompanied by an analysis of issues relating to the potential advantages and pitfalls of the introduction of rTMS as a treatment strategy. Results: Evidence is progressively accumulating that rTMS has antidepressant properties that are clinically relevant. These effects are biologically plausible and supported by basic research. Patients with therapy-resistant depression have few treatment alternatives and experience significant suffering, thus justifying the early introduction of a new treatment such as rTMS for this patient group. However, this must be balanced by a need to foster considerable further research and not to raise expectations unreasonably. Conclusions: It is timely for rTMS to be made more available to patients with treatment-resistant mood disorders. This need not be limited to clinical research trials but should only occur in medical settings where continual evaluation and research is conducted.
Right prefrontal TMS versus sham treatment of mania: A controlled study$$$ Objective: Left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been reported to have ECT-like effects in depression and we therefore planned a study of TMS in mania. Sixteen patients completed trial of right versus left prefrontal TMS at 20 Hz, 2-sec duration per train, 20 trains per day for 10 treatment days. Mania was evaluated using the Mania Scale, the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale and the Clinical Global Impression. Significantly more improvement was observed in patients treated with right prefrontal TMS than with left prefrontal. We now report a follow-up study of right active TMS versus right sham TMS with the same indications and parameters. Methods: Twenty-five patients entered and 19 completed right TMS versus sham right TMS. Results: Right TMS was no more effective than sham TMS. Conclusions: It is possible that the previous results were due to an effect of left TMS to worsen mania. Alternatively, it is noted that the present patient group had much more psychosis than the previous study of TMS in mania, and depression studies have reported that psychosis is a poor prognostic sign for TMS response.
Left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) treatment of depression in bipolar affective disorder: A pilot study of acute safety and efficacy$$$ Objectives: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been shown to improve depressive symptoms. We designed and carried out the following left prefrontal rTMS study to determine the safety, feasibility, and potential efficacy of using TMS to treat the depressive symptoms of bipolar affective disorder (BPAD). Methods: We recruited and enrolled 23 depressed BPAD patients (12 BPI depressed state, nine BPII depressed state, two BPI mixed state). Patients were randomly assigned to receive either daily left prefrontal rTMS (5 Hz, 110% motor threshold, 8 sec on, 22 sec off, over 20 min) or placebo each weekday morning for 2 weeks. Motor threshold and subjective rating scales were obtained daily, and blinded Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) and Young Mania Rating Scales (YMRS) were obtained weekly. Results: Stimulation was well tolerated with no significant adverse events and with no induction of mania. We failed to find a statistically significant difference between the two groups in the number of antidepressant responders (> 50% decline in HRSD or HRSD < 10 - 4 active and 4 sham) or the mean HRSD change from baseline over the 2 weeks (t = -0.22, p = 0.83). Active rTMS, compared with sham rTMS, produced a trend but not statistically significant greater improvement in daily subjective mood ratings post-treatment (t = 1.58, p = 0.13). The motor threshold did not significantly change after 2 weeks of active treatment (t = 1.11, p = 0.28). Conclusions: Daily left prefrontal rTMS appears safe in depressed BPAD subjects, and the risk of inducing mania in BPAD subjects on medications is small. We failed to find statistically significant TMS clinical antidepressant effects greater than sham. Further studies are needed to fully investigate the potential role, if any, of TMS in BPAD depression.
Double-blind controlled investigation of bilateral prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression$$$ Background. The efficacy and safety of bilateral prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating resistant major depression were examined in a double-blind, placebo-controlled study. Method. Nineteen medication-resistant depressed subjects were randomly assigned to 3 weeks of active or sham rTMS. Effects on mood and neuropsychological function were assessed. Results. Both groups improved significantly in mood over the 3 weeks, but there was no significant difference between active and sham treatments. There were no significant neuropsychological effects. Conclusions. Bilateral rTMS was not superior to sham in treating resistant depression in this pilot study, but caused no neuropsychological impairment.
Drug treatment of depression: Reflections on the evidence$$$ Guidelines are readily available for the treatment of depression, and more recent ones are explicitly evidence-based. Their core messages vary little but they tend to minimise uncertainties and gloss over difficult areas. This article examines three areas of uncertainty: the thresholds of severity and, for milder depression, the duration of illness for which antidepressants are more effective than placebo; the next step in drug treatment when a patient has failed to respond adequately to a first antidepressant; and how long continuing on antidepressants should be recommended in relation to individual patients' needs. It is concluded that the uncertainties in relation to treating individual patients are a combination of lack of evidence and individual patient factors but there is also an intrinsic uncertainty that will continue to require good clinical judgement.
Neurobiological findings and clinical results: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation of the prefrontal cortex in depression$$$ Preclinical findings show that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex can modulate the function of fronto-limbic circuits, which is reversibly altered in major depression. rTMS has also been found to exert effects on different neurotransmitter systems, e.g. dopaminergic effects, and to act on the hypothalamic pituitary adrenal (HPA) axis, which is often dysregulated in major depression. In the majority of controlled clinical studies, significant differences have been demonstrated between verum rTMS and placebo conditions further supporting the notion of its antidepressant efficacy. Larger trials, however, which would be mandatory to substantiate the antidepressant efficacy of rTMS, have not been conducted to date. Therefore, efforts should be intensified to further investigate the efficacy of rTMS as antidepressant intervention and to test specific applications (e.g. primary treatment, augmentation, maintenance therapy) in the treatment of depressive episodes.
The comparative effects of propofol versus thiopentone on left ventricular function during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The purpose of this study was to compare the effect of propofol versus thiopentone on haemodynamics during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), as estimated by echocardiography. Twenty-eight ASA 1 or 2 patients scheduled for ECT were randomly divided into two groups, to receive propofol 1 mg/kg (propofol group, n = 14) or thiopentone 2 mg/kg (thiopentone group, n=14). Bilateral ECT was performed after the administration of propofol or thiopentone, succinylcholine and following assisted mask ventilation with 100% oxygen. Cardiac function was examined by transthoracic echocardiography, prior to induction of anaesthesia and throughout ECT until ten minutes after the seizure. In the propofol group, increased end-systolic area (ESA) and decreased fractional area change (FAC) were observed at one minute after the electrical shock compared with the awake condition. In the thiopentone group, increased ESA and decreased FAC were observed from one to three minutes after the electrical shock compared with the awake condition. There was no statistically significant change in afterload in the propofol group during the study. In contrast, increased afterload was observed from one to three minutes after the electrical shock in the thiopentone group (awake condition, 26±7 mmHg/cm2 [mean ± SD]; one minute after ECT, 42±7*; two minutes after ECT, 44±6*; three minutes after ECT; 40±5*, respectively) (*P<O.05). We concluded that a lesser haemodynamic change occurs after propofol anaesthesia (1 mg/kg) compared with thiopentone anaesthesia (2 mg/kg) during ECT.
Partial response as a predictor of outcome in geriatric depression$$$ Objective: Although geriatric depression generally responds to treatment, patients are often left with residual symptoms after acute treatment. Data are lacking on the eventual outcomes of individuals who are partial responders or poor responders to initial treatment. Methods: The authors examined 200 patients initially treated with a treatment-based guideline approach that allowed for physician choice. Results: After 3 months, 34.0% of patients were remitted, 37.5% had achieved a partial response, and 28.5% were still highly symptomatic. After 6 months of treatment, 51.1% of patients were remitted, 36.5% were partial responders, and 12.5% were still experiencing significant depressive symptoms. Cumulative remission rates over 18 months of treatment were significantly higher among partial responders than among highly symptomatic patients at 6 months, but not at 3 months. In terms of relapse, defined as a Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale score greater than 15, 42.0% of the remitted and partial-responder groups had relapsed by 18 months. When compared with remitted patients, partial responders at 6 months were more likely to experience a relapse. There were no differences in relapse rate between the two groups at 3 months. Conclusion: These results suggest that during ongoing active treatment of geriatric depression, the level of improvement at 6 months, but not 3 months, is predictive of subsequent course.
Propofol alone, sevoflurane alone, and combined propofol-sevoflurane anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy is an effective treatment for severe and medication-resistant depression. There have been no reports describing how a volatile anaesthetic affects haemodynamic responses, seizure duration, and recovery characteristics during electroconvulsive therapy. We carried out a repeated-measure crossover study to compare the effects on haemodynamic responses, seizure duration, and recovery characteristics of the following types of anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy: propofol alone, sevoflurane alone, and propofol combined with sevoflurane. We recruited 50 patients requiring electroconvulsive therapy for depression. For anaesthesia induction, 1.5 mg/kg propofol (condition P), 5% sevoflurane in oxygen following a vital capacity rapid inhalation induction (condition S), or 1.5 mg/kg propofol followed by 5% sevoflurane in oxygen (condition PS) was administered. Succinylcholine 1.5 mg/kg was then given. Electrical stimulation was administered after fasciculation. Measurements were obtained before anaesthesia induction (baseline), prior to succinylcholine administration, prior to electroconvulsive therapy, and at the peak after electroconvulsive therapy. After electroconvulsive therapy, peak heart rate and peak mean arterial pressure were highest in condition S. Whereas recovery time was longest in condition PS, motor seizure duration was significantly shorter than in either condition P or S. Electroencephalographic seizure duration was significantly shorter in condition PS than in condition P and significantly shorter in condition S than in condition P. Sevoflurane anaesthesia alone is most disadvantageous in terms of haemodynamics. Propofol-sevoflurane anaesthesia is advantageous in terms of haemodynamics, but disadvantageous in terms of seizure duration and recovery time. Propofol alone is most advantageous in terms of seizure duration.
Treatment of depression in patients with epilepsy: Problems, pitfalls, and some solutions$$$ Many people with epilepsy suffer from comorbid depression. Despite this, there have been few studies addressing the treatment of depression in this population, and the literature on psychiatric management techniques in patients with epilepsy is composed largely of opinions rather than evidence from randomized, controlled trials or other systematic investigations. Antidepressant drugs, including tricyclics and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, can be used to treat patients with epilepsy and comorbid depression. Nonpharmacological treatment options include vagus nerve stimulation, transcranial magnetic stimulation, and psychological therapies including cognitive-behavioral therapy, individual or group psychotherapy, patient support groups, family therapy, and counseling. Another important area that remains largely uninvestigated is psychiatric research in patients with epilepsy in non-Western cultures (with the exception of Japan). Factors such as problems with access to and acceptability of therapies in many developing nations have further implications for the treatment of psychiatric disorders in epilepsy. © 2003 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved.
Management of depression in long-term care of patients with Alzheimer's disease$$$ Depression in patients with dementia in the long-term care setting is common, causes suffering and excess disability, increases morbidity and mortality from all causes, and increases caregiver burden and distress. Signs and symptoms of depression and dementia overlap; however, it is usually not difficult to discern depressive symptoms in the patient with dementia. Depression, even in midlife, could be a risk factor for the expression of AD in later life. In addition, depressive symptoms could be an early manifestation or prodrome of AD. Pharmacologic management combined with behavioral approaches provides the best strategy for treating depression in the patient with dementia in the long-term care setting. Although data remain somewhat limited, overall, evidence suggests at least modest efficacy and good safety of the SSRI antidepressants for ameliorating depressive symptoms and improving quality of life. The SSRIs and newer serotonergic-noradrenergic agents provide a favorable side effect profile for this patient population. As always, one should adhere to basic principles of geriatric psychopharmacotherapy in treating the often-frail elderly patient with dementia in the long-term care setting.
Enhancing outcomes in the management of treatment resistant depression: A focus on atypical antipsychotics$$$ Clinical trials indicate that over 50% of depressed patients show an inadequate response to antidepressant therapy, and that incomplete recovery from major depressive disorder (MDD) increases the risk of chronicity and recurrence. Recovery, complete remission of symptoms, and a return to baseline psychosocial function, should be the goal of therapy. Poor response to adequate antidepressant treatment has been termed treatment resistant depression (TRD). Issues such as adherence, missed diagnosis of psychotic depression, bipolar disorder, or comorbid anxiety must be investigated as reasons why patients have not responded to initial therapeutic strategies. Beyond ensuring optimal use of the index antidepressant, treatment strategies for TRD include switching to another antidepressant, and augmentation or combination with two or more agents. Since little comparative data exist it is important to consider side-effect burden, partial response, and previous medication history when deciding between strategies. In patients with TRD, adding or augmenting with lithium, tri-iodothyronine or atypical antipsychotics have demonstrated benefits. Augmentation with atypical antipsychotics, including risperidone, olanzapine, ziprasidone, and quetiapine, show promising results in terms of improving remission rates. Other interventions, including non-pharmacologic strategies and investigational physical treatments, have demonstrated some benefits, but availability and patient preference should also be considered. With today's therapeutic alternatives, full remission of depression is an attainable goal. For some patients, combination and augmentation strategies earlier in treatment may increase the likelihood of remission. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2003.
Atypical antipsychotics and suicide in mood and anxiety disorders$$$ Globally, a million people commit suicide every year, and 10-20 millon attempt it. Mood disorders, especially major depressive disorder (MDD) and bipolar disorder, are the most common psychiatric conditions associated with suicide. Primary (psychiatric and physical illness), secondary (psychosocial), and tertiary (demographic) risk factors for suicide have been identified. Comorbid psychiatric illness, particularly anxiety symptoms or disorders, significantly increase the risk of suicidal behavior. Current standard risk assessments and precautions may be of limited value, while assessing the severity of anxiety and agitation may be more effective in identifying patients at risk. Lithium is the medication that has most consistently demonstrated an antisuicidal effect. The effects of antidepressants and conventional antipsychotics on suicide risk are uncertain, but atypical antipsychotics appear promising. Atypical antipsychotics have beneficial effects on depressed mood both in patients with MDD and in patients with bipolar disorder. In addition, data in patients with schizophrenia have demonstrated a significant improvement in the incidence of suicidal behavior with clozapine compared with olanzapine. Electroconvulsive therapy appears to have an acute benefit on suicidality. Copyright © Blackwell Munksgaard 2003.
Lack of a therapeutic effect of a 2-week sub-threshold transcranial magnetic stimulation course for treatment-resistant depression$$$ Stimulation parameters seem to strongly influence the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in the management of treatment-resistant depressed patients. The most effective and safest parameters are yet to be defined. Moreover, systematic follow-up data available to document the duration of the therapeutic effects remain sparse. Twenty-one treatment-resistant depressed patients were randomized to either active rTMS (N=12) or to sham (N=9) treatment in a double-blind design. Patients were kept on their medications. Sub-motor-threshold (MT) stimulation (80% MT) was delivered for 10 consecutive work days (20 Hz, 2-s trains, 20 trains). Subjects meeting pre-set criteria for responding were entered into a follow-up phase for up to 5 months. Utilizing the above stimulation parameters, we found no significant difference between groups. Six patients in the active group and one subject in the sham group met criteria for the follow-up phase. The period of time before subjects met criteria for relapse was highly variable ranging from 2 to 20 weeks. Sub-threshold rTMS stimulation for 2 weeks is not significantly superior to sham treatment for treatment-resistant depressed patients. The duration of the therapeutic effects of rTMS delivered to the left prefrontal cortex using the above-described parameters is highly variable. © 2002 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Potential new brain stimulation therapies in bipolar illness: Transcranial magnetic stimulation and vagus nerve stimulation$$$ The advances in understanding the functional and structural anatomy of bipolar affective disorder (BPAD) outlined in the rest of this volume provide the background and rationale for attempting to manipulate these regions as potential antidepressant and anti-manic therapies. The idea of using circuit and device based approaches to regulating mood follows in the tradition of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In marked contrast to ECT, however, these new stimulation techniques represent an important new paradigm shift, with treatments that neither produce seizures nor require general anesthesia. The new techniques are safer, with fewer side effects, and are more focal than ECT in their entry into the brain. Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) produces direct cortical brain stimulation by creating a powerful transient magnetic field. Five published randomized controlled trials suggest it has clinically significant acute antidepressant effects. One controlled study suggests that it may have antimanic effects as well. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) involves direct electrical stimulation of the vagus nerve in the neck, with propagation of the signal to the brainstem. One controlled and one open study in epilepsy patients with depression found antidepressant effects of VNS. An open study of VNS in treatment resistant unipolar and bipolar depression found acute antidepressant effects. These two device-based approaches to stimulating the brain offer promise as potential acute and even long-term treatments. Imaging studies suggest that TMS likely causes changes in mood regulating regions by stimulating limbic regions from the cortex down, while VNS influences this same circuit from the brainstem up. These two approaches are not yet approved by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for use in the US, although pivotal trials geared for eventual FDA approval are underway. Finally, the research determining whether and how these devices work to influence mood also promises to help unravel the pathophysiology of BPAD. © 2002 Published by Elsevier Science B.V.
Mechanisms and state of the art of vagus nerve stimulation$$$ Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) is an established treatment of medically refractory partial-onset seizures. Recent data from an open-label multicenter pilot study also suggest a potential clinical usefulness in the acute and maintenance treatment of drug-resistant depressive disorder. Despite the fact that surgery is needed to implant the stimulating device, the option of long-term use largely devoid of severe side effects would give this treatment modality a privileged place in the management of drugresistant depression. However, definite therapeutic effects of clinical significance remain to be confirmed in large, placebocontrolled trials. Besides the potential clinical usefulness, VNS can be used as a research tool in epilepsy patients implanted for clinical reasons, allowing neurophysiologic investigations of the parasympathetic system and its interactions with other parts of the central nervous system.
A randomized comparison of high-charge right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy in older depressed patients who failed to respond to 5 to 8 moderate-charge right unilateral treatments$$$ Background: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is the treatment of choice in some older patients with severe depression. When compared with younger depressed patients, older patients have been shown to be as likely to respond to ECT but more likely to develop cognitive impairment. This study addresses whether adults aged 50 years and over who have already failed to respond to at least 5 moderate-charge right unilateral (RUL) ECT treatments (150% above seizure threshold) are more likely to benefit from a switch to high-charge RUL ECT (450% above threshold) or to bilateral (BL) ECT. Method: Twenty-four patients who were treated with 5 to 8 moderate-charge RUL ECT treatments and who failed to improve sufficiently were randomly assigned to receive either BL ECT (N = 11) or high-charge RUL ECT (N = 13). Depressive (24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression) and cognitive scores (Mini-Mental State Examination [MMSE]) were compared under double-blind conditions at 3 phases of treatment. Results: Patients in the BL ECT group exhibited significantly greater cognitive impairment (mean MMSE score decrease of 1.13) than those receiving high-charge RUL ECT (mean MMSE increase of 1.71). There were no statistically significant differences in clinical response to BL or high-charge RUL ECT (63.6% and 61.5%, respectively) or in depressive symptom remission (18.1% and 46.2%). Conclusion: These results suggest that older patients who fail to respond to moderate-charge RUL ECT may benefit from a switch to high-charge RUL ECT rather than BL ECT. Larger future studies will be needed to compare clinical response in patients switched from moderate-dose RUL ECT to higher-dose RUL or to BL ECT.
A comparison between low doses of amitriptyline and low doses of fluoxetin used in the control of depression in patients suffering from Parkinson's disease$$$ Introduction. On average 40% of all patients suffering from Parkinson's disease (PD) undergo bouts of depression. It is thought that this is due to a dysfunction in the orbitofrontal and dorsolateral circuits, together with hypometabolism in the orbital, caudate nucleus and frontal dorsolateral tract regions. Aims. The aim of this study is to compare the effectiveness of low doses offluoxetin with that of low doses of amitriptyline in controlling depression in patients with PD. Patients and methods. The study examined a total of 77 patients (34 females and 43 males), with an average age of 68.2 years, who had been suffering from PD (according to the diagnostic criteria of Calne et al, in stage II of Hoehn and Yahr) for an average of 6.9 years. They were divided randomly into two groups which received fluoxetin (37 patients, dosage: 20-40 mg/day) or amitriptyline (40 patients, dosage: between 25 and 75 mg/day). A basal evaluation and four others (at 3, 6, 9 and 12 months of treatment) were performed, including the STMS (Short Test of Mental Status), the Hamilton scale, and extent of functional disability using the UPDRS. A statistical analysis was performed by comparing the variance of the above-mentioned parameters and the X2 test with Yates correction or the Fisher exact two-tailed test, to evaluate the reasons for dropping out. In both cases a value of p < 0.05 was accepted as significant. Results. 58 patients finished the study. Drop-out because of side effects only took place in the group that received amitriptyline (p < 0.02), which was better than fluoxetin at controlling the depression (p < 0.009, 0.001, 0.002 and 0.00006) at 3, 6, 9 and 12 months, respectively. Conclusions. At an average dosage of 35.2 mg/day amitriptyline is effective in controlling the depression presented by patients with Pi) PD. However, despite the low dosage, the side effects it caused forced 15% of the patients abandon the treatment.
Research into depressive disorder in later life: Who is doing what? A literature search from 1998-2001$$$ Aims and Background: The International Psychogeriatric Association (IPA) aims to improve the mental health care of older people globally. With regard to depression, a number of key publications over the past decade have highlighted areas of progress and areas requiring further research. In order to help clarify what progress has been made, the author conducted a literature review of original research subsequent to three recent major reviews. Method: A literature search of four databases over the period 1998-October 2001. Publications with an abstract in English were studied to ascertain number of relevant publications; type of research methodology; topics; and where the research originated. Results: A total of 1,002 publications meeting predefined criteria were located. Fifty-nine percent were cross- sectional studies; less than 10% were randomized controlled studies. The most common themes were depression with comorbidity and etiology, accounting for almost half the papers, with stroke and Parkinson's disease the most frequently researched comorbid medical disorders, although interest in Alzheimer's disease, heart disease, hip fracture, and chronic lung disease appears to be increasing. There were comparatively few studies of psychological and psychosocial interventions. A quarter of the publications concerned major depressive disorder. There were striking variations in the origin of publications with two regions, North America and Northern Europe, accounting for two thirds of all publications but only 13.7% of the world's population aged 65 and over. Conclusions: Progress is being made but it might occur more rapidly and with greater scope with more international and cross-center collaboration.
Advances with analgesics and NSAIDs for the treatment of spinal disorders$$$ One of the major developments with regard to chronic non-malignant pain in these last few years has been a better understanding of the mechanisms that act to maintain pain, while inferences about the pathophysiology have facilitated therapeutic decision-making. This chapter reviews the strength of evidence for the therapeutic effect of pharmacological symptomatic approaches using non-steroidal anti-inflammatory agents, opioids and co-analgesics in acute and chronic back pain with an emphasis on the results of randomized controlled trials as well as on the need for long-term comparative trials of drug efficacy, toxicity and compliance.
Markedly suprathreshold right unilateral ECT versus minimally suprathreshold bilateral ECT: Antidepressant and memory effects$$$ Right unilateral (RUL) ECT is reported to have fewer memory side effects than bilateral (BL) ECT. We compared RUL ECT at eight times the seizure threshold (ST) against BL ECT at 1.5 times the ST. Adults with major depression were randomly assigned to RUL ECT at eight times ST or BL ECT at 1.5 times the ST. Blinded ratings of mood and memory were made before ECT, 1 to 3 days after the final ECT, and at 2 and 4 weeks after ECT. Forty patients received RUL and 37 received BL ECT. The antidepressant response rate was not significantly different for the RUL and BL groups (60% vs. 73%). Sustained antidepressant response, accompanied by recovery from anterograde memory side effects, was seen through the first month with both treatments. Measures of mood and memory were not significantly different for the two groups at any time point. The modest sample sizes of this study do not rule out a type II error in the detection of small but meaningful differences between assigned treatments. Also, the period of post-ECT observation consisted of 1 month of naturalistic treatment. Both RUL ECT at eight times the ST and BL ECT at 1.5 times the ST produce similar mood and memory effects. Both forms of ECT produced acceptable antidepressant response rates and only transient anterograde amnesia. No clear advantage emerged for either form of ECT, and both are justifiable as firstline techniques of ECT.
Effect of piracetam on ECT-induced cognitive disturbances: A randomized, placebo-controlled, double-blind study$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is still the fastest, most effective, and frequently life-saving therapeutic intervention in several forms of depression and some other psychiatric disorders. Transient memory disturbances are frequent after ECT. A randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study was conducted to investigate the effects of piracetam on ECT-induced confusion and memory disturbances. Thirty-eight consecutively admitted patients with depressive illness or schizophrenia requiring ECT were given either piracetam or an identical-looking placebo during the period of ECT treatment and for 2 weeks afterward. Daily dosage of piracetam was 7.2 g, given orally for the first 2 weeks while patients underwent ECT (loading phase), followed by 4.8 g for the rest of the study period. Participants were evaluated by standardized clinical rating scales and cognitive psychologic tests 1 to 2 days before ECT, 1 day after their third and sixth ECT treatments, and 2 weeks after they had completed their ECT courses. Piracetam had no significant effect in preventing ECT-induced memory disturbances. All clinical ratings were consistently, albeit not significantly, better in the piracetam group, suggesting that piracetam may have augmented the effects of ECT.
Clinical practice guidelines for depression in young people: Are the treatment recommendations outdated?$$$ The 1997 NHMRC clinical practice guidelines for depression in young people included recommendations for treatment that need to be modified in light of more recent research. Changes to the guidelines should include the findings that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors and some forms of psychotherapy are effective in treating adolescent depression. It is increasingly recognised that depression in adolescents often recurs and that prevention of recurrences should be a priority for research and practice.
Depressive disorders in epilepsy and their treatment$$$ Depressive disorders often remain unrecognized and untreated in patients with epilepsy, however the relatively high prevalence and the high incidence of suicides point towards the necessity for diagnosis and proper treatment. In epilepsy the clinical picture of depressive syndromes usually does not meet the ICD-10 or DSM-IV criteria of the affective disorders. The reported incidence for depressive disorders in epilepsy varies between 30-70%. Various causative factors such as seizure type, lateralization of seizure focus, dysfunctions in neurotransmission as well as hereditary, psychosocial factors or negative psychotropic properties of antiepileptic drugs (AED), contribute to the pathogenesis. Despite the lack of controlled studies the administration of serotonergic antidepressants in the treatment of depressive disorders in epilepsy can be recommended.
The Bech-Rafaelsen Melancholia Scale (MES) in clinical trials of therapies in depressive disorders: A 20-year review of its use as outcome measure$$$ Objective: To evaluate the psychometric properties of the Bech-Rafaelsen Melancholia Scale (MES) by reviewing clinical trials in which it has been used as outcome measure. Method: The psychometric analysis included internal validity (total scores being a sufficient statistic), interobserver reliability, and external validity (responsiveness in short-term trials and relapse prevention in long-term trials). Results: The results showed that the MES is a unidimensional scale, indicating that the total score is a sufficient statistic. The interobserver reliability of the MES has been found adequate both in unipolar and bipolar depression. External validity including both relapse, response and recurrence indicated that the MES has a high responsiveness and sensitivity. Conclusion: The MES has been found a valid and reliable scale for the measurement of changes in depressive states during short-term as well as long-term treatment.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression: Relation between efficacy and stimulation intensity$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been found to exert modest to substantial antidepressant effects in the majority of prior clinical studies. As effect sizes and stimulation conditions have varied greatly, controversy persists regarding effective stimulation parameters (e.g. intensity, frequency, localization). In the present controlled study, we investigated whether the antidepressant efficacy of rTMS may be related to the stimulation intensity applied. Thirty-one patients suffering from a pharmacotherapy-resistant major depressive episode were randomly assigned to three treatment groups receiving rTMS at different stimulation intensities: (1) intensity at the individual motor threshold (MT); (2) 90% subthreshold intensity; and (3) low intensity of standard sham rTMS. Each patient underwent 10 sessions of 10 Hz rTMS with 1500 stimuli/day over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Improvement of depressive symptoms after rTMS significantly increased with stimulation intensity across the three groups. A 30% to 33% reduction of baseline depression scores was observed after rTMS at MT intensity. Similarly, groups differed significantly regarding the clinical course after rTMS with the lowest number of antidepressant interventions and the shortest hospital stay in the MT intensity group. These findings support the hypothesis of a relationship between stimulation intensity of rTMS and its antidepressant efficacy. © 2002 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology. Published by Elsevier Science Inc.
Somatic treatment for depressive illnesses in children and adolescents$$$ Numerous somatic interventions have been studied as potential treatments of depressive disorders in children and adolescents. These include antidepressant medications, light therapy, electroconvulsive therapy, and alternative therapies. The available evidence suggests that several somatic interventions hold promise as potentially safe and effective treatments for depressed youth; however, there is still much to be learned about these interventions. This article reviews what is known and what needs to be learned about the somatic treatment of pediatric depression.
Somatic treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents$$$ The currently available data from randomized, controlled trials and a considerable amount of open clinical data suggest that adolescent-onset bipolar disorder probably responds to the same agents as adult-onset bipolar disorder. Research examining psychopharmacologic treatment approaches in the early-onset bipolar disorder is limited, however. Methodologic problems include small sample sizes, lack of comparison groups, retrospective designs, and lack of standardized measures. In addition, sometimes no clear differentiation is made between mania and bipolar disorder, the latter term being used broadly in the literature. Often the studies show that symptoms improve because of treatment, but the functioning of the patients does not improve significantly. More research is clearly needed in all aspects of this disorder but especially in examining the efficacy of various types of treatment, its longitudinal course, and diagnostic issues. The indications for, and the overall duration of, long-term maintenance therapy need further study. Many adolescents and children with bipolar disorder do not respond to any of the first-line pharmacologic treatments; therefore, studies with novel agents should be extended to patients in this age range. Furthermore, physicians will probably continue to use combination therapies when confronted by either lack of efficacy or delayed onset of efficacy with a single agent. Thus, such resultant drug-drug interactions also should also be systematically studied [97].
Current use of ECT in the treatment of depressive disorders$$$ If used with correct indication, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a very effective and safe treatment for some forms of major depression, provided due consideration is given to possibly concomitant somatic conditions and that the cardiovascular reactions during and after the ECT treatments are managed carefully. Despite this, ECT remains controversial, especially in Germany. This article provides an overview of the current state of the art in ECT: appropriate indications, best practice in conducting ECT, side effects and recent developments in the use of ECT as maintenance therapy. This, it is hoped, will contribute to a more factually grounded discussion of the use of ECT.
Post-stroke depression$$$ Stroke is considered mainly as a physical disability, and stroke-related depression is under-recognised. Cognitive, language and functional impairment complicates the recognition of post-stroke depression. The pathophysiology of post-stroke depression is poorly understood, but several risk factors have been identified. Depression following stroke can impede recovery and rehabilitation and is associated with higher mortality. Randomised trials show that antidepressants, especially selective serotonin uptake inhibitors, are effective in the treatment of this condition. Despite the evidence available, a large number of patients remain undertreated. Early identification and treatment can reduce the functional impairment and mortality related to post-stroke depression.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation treatment of comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder and major depression$$$ Twelve patients with comorbid posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD) and major depression underwent repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to left frontal cortex as an open-label adjunct to current antidepressant medications. rTMS parameters were as follows: 90% of motor threshold, 1 Hz or 5 Hz, 6,000 stimuli over 10 days. Seventy-five percent of the patients had a clinically Significant antidepressant response after rTMS, and 50% had sustained response at 2-month follow-up. Comparable improvements were seen in anxiety, hostility, and insomnia, but only minimal improvement in PTSD symptoms. Left frontal cortical rTMS may have promise for treating depression in PTSD, but there may be a dissociation between treating mood and treating core PTSD symptoms.
Alternative treatments for depression: Empirical support and relevance to women$$$ Background: This article is a critical review of the efficacy of selected alternative treatments for unipolar depression including exercise, stress management techniques, acupuncture, St. John's wort, bright light, and sleep deprivation. Issues related to women across the life span, including pregnancy and lactation, are highlighted. Data Sources: Evidence of efficacy is based on randomized controlled trials. A distinction is made between studies that address depressive symptoms and studies that address depressive disorders. The review emphasizes issues related to effectiveness, such as treatment availability, acceptability, safety, and cost and issues relevant to women. Data Synthesis: Exercise, stress reduction methods, bright light exposure, and sleep deprivation hold greater promise as adjuncts to conventional treatment than as monotherapies for major depression. The evidence to date is not sufficiently compelling to suggest the use of St. John's wort in favor of or as an alternative to existing U.S. Food and Drug Administration-regulated compounds. Initial evidence suggests that acupuncture might be an effective alternative monotherapy for major depression, single episode. Conclusion: This review indicates that some unconventional treatments hold promise as alternative or complementary treatments for unipolar depression in women and have the potential to contribute to its long-term management. Additional research is needed before further recommendations can be made, and there is an urgent need to carefully document and report the frequency of minor and major side effects.
Evidence-based psychopharmacology for children and adolescents$$$ Purpose of review: To provide an update of recent advances in child and adolescent psychopharmacology. Recent findings: Changes in legislation in the United States and increased funding by the National Institute for Mental Health has led to a rapid increase in both the number and quality of clinical trials in child and adolescent psychiatry. Recent advances in the psychopharmacology of attention deficit hyperactivity disorder, depression, bipolar disorder, anxiety, obsessive compulsive disorder and autism are reviewed, and continuing gaps in knowledge are noted. Randomized controlled trials have been published supporting the use of modified release stimulant preparations and non-stimulant agents in attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors in depression, anxiety disorders and obsessive compulsive disorders. Secondary analyses of the Multisite Multimodal Treatment Study of Children with Attention-Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and evidence-based guidelines have given pointers towards more effective treatments for attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder. Pre-clinical studies that have made significant contributions to our theoretical understanding of both the pathophysiology and treatment of these child and adolescent psychiatric disorders are noted. Summary: There is now significantly more evidence available to support the rational prescribing of psychoactive agents for several child and adolescent psychiatric disorders. However, there are still many gaps in our knowledge and further studies are required before it will be possible to practise in a truly evidence-based manner.
Combining antidepressants for treatment-resistant depression: A review$$$ Objective: Many patients with depression remain poorly responsive to antidepressant monotherapy. One approach for managing treatment-resistant depression is to combine antidepressants and to capitalize on multiple therapeutic mechanisms of action. This review critically evaluates the evidence for efficacy of combining antidepressants. Method: A MEDLINE search of the last 15 years (up to June 2001), supplemented by a review of bibliographies, was conducted to identify relevant studies. Criteria used to select studies included (1) published studies with original data in peer-reviewed journals, (2) diagnosis of depression with partial or no response to standard treatments, (3) any combination of 2 antidepressants with both agents used to enhance antidepressant response, (4) outcome measurement of clinical response, and (5) sample size of 4 or more subjects. Results: Twenty-seven studies (total N = 667) met the inclusion criteria, including 5 randomized controlled trials and 22 open-label trials. In the 24 studies (total N = 601) reporting response rates, the overall mean response rate was 62.2%. Methodological limitations included variability in definitions of treatment-resistant depression and response to treatment, dosing of medications, and reporting of adverse events. Conclusion: There is limited evidence, mostly in uncontrolled studies, supporting the efficacy of combination antidepressant treatment. Further randomized controlled trials with larger sample sizes are required to demonstrate the efficacy of a combination antidepressant strategy for patients with treatment-resistant depression.
The applications of transcranial magnetic stimulation in psychiatry$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a novel and promising procedure for studying the brain mechanisms of human behavior. This paper presents a brief review about current uses of TMS for study and treatment of psychiatric disorders. Magnetic stimulation has been known since the nineteenth Century, almost twenty five years after the first description of direct electrical stimulation of human brain. Although the first magnetic stimulator was designed more than one hundred years ago, its use was sporadic and almost limited to peripheral nerves. It is, scarcely ten years ago, that it has been used to stimulate the brain Nowadays, magnetic stimulators consist in a system of high voltage capacitors, which generate brief pulses of high-intensity current in a ring or eight-shaped electromagnetic coil placed on the scalp. The magnetic field produced in the coil induces electric currents in underlying brain tissue and therefore neuronal depolarization. In contrast with brain electrical stimulation (e. g., electroconvulsive therapy) TMS can be focal and noninvasive. As TMS knowledge has developed, several determinant issues have arisen, among them, stimulation frequency and stimulation intensity. Magnetic stimulation with one single pulse is known as single TMS and rhythmic stimulation with several pulses is called repetitive TMS (rTMS). At least in motor cortex, rTMS with high frequencies seems to increase neuronal excitability while rTMS with low frequencies decreases it. Movement in contralateral muscles to the stimulated cerebral hemisphere was the first striking effect of TMS, which, nowadays is used to measure motor threshold (MT). TMS intensity is expressed as a percentage of MT. Beyond the possibility to assess integrity of motor pathways in neurological disorders, TMS research is being applied to some other brain functions such as emotion generation. In healthy volunteers, rTMS on left and right prefrontal regions has produced brief states of sadness and happiness, respectively. These findings propose TMS use for testing models of emotion modulation. Based on neuroanatomic knowledge of depression and rTMS effects on mood and cortical excitability, it has been tested on treatment-resistant depressed patients. Results are encouraging. Some studies have reported a mood improvement similar to that obtained with electroconvulsive therapy, offering such advantages as lack of side effects on cognition and no need for anesthesia. Several research groups have replicated the antidepressant effect of TMS on resistant non-psychotic depression; nevertheless, because of inherent features of the procedure, these findings are not definitive yet. Perhaps the major source of bias is the lack of a simulated maneuver, which allows to separate response to the active procedure, from placebo effect. Frequency and intensity TMS parameters of antidepressive efficacy are not totally defined and its mechanism of antidepressive action is unknown. Left prefrontal region has been the most frequently stimulated but little is known about antidepressant effect with TMS on different regions. Future TMS studies on depression must offer clearer definitions for treatment resistance. Its use as an augmentation strategy seems a warranted research area. Probably, in the next few years these aspects will be clarified and the place of TMS in depression management will be defined. Also, TMS has shown to have therapeutic effects on mania, obsessive compulsive disorder, post-traumatic stress disorder and schizophrenia. Furthermore, results from these studies show clearly its usefulness in researching neuronal circuits involved in the physiopathology of these and some other psychiatric disorders. Combination of TMS with neuroimaging techniques has allowed to conclude that TMS has effects on cortical and subcortical activity, and this is a fast growing area. As a whole, TMS is a very safe procedure. Safety studies have shown TMS has no adverse effects on cognitive functions and changes in hormonal, immune and auditive functions are brief and reversible. Unfortunately, it can produce seizures. Nowadays, there are security profiles to avoid the seizure risk; and therefore conditions that contraindicate its use have been identified. Although TMS role for the treatment of psychiatric disorders is uncertain, there is no doubt about its usefulness for noninvasive study of normal and abnormal brain functioning.
Parental attitudes towards early intervention in children at high risk for affective disorders$$$ Background: Parents volunteered to complete surveys on attitudes toward treatment intervention in children at a theoretically high (20-30%) or very high (70%) risk for affective disorders because of an assumed uni-lineal or bi-lineal family history of bipolar illness. Methods: Questions focused on examining at what ages and stage of symptom and syndrome evolution parents would wish their child to begin treatment with different types of therapeutic approaches and clinical trial designs. Sixty percent of the respondents had a personal history of unipolar or bipolar affective disorders. Results: In 156 completed surveys, 83% of parents favored acute medication intervention and 67% favored long-term medication treatment for those children at very high risk at or before the development of severe symptoms (i.e. even prior to meeting full diagnostic thresholds). On the average, parents indicated that they would enter their child in a trial of: two types of psychotherapy at a point in illness evolution between moderate and severe symptoms, two types of open medications between severe symptoms and a definite diagnosis, two blind medications at a definite diagnosis, and a blind trial of placebo and medication after a definite diagnosis but before multiple recurrences of the illness. Parents, primarily on the basis of perceived safety, would allow their children to use medications that have been found to be effective in adults. Limitations: In addition to a number of methodological limitations, responders to the survey were self-selected. Conclusions: The results indicate a willingness on the part of most parents to treat a child at high risk for affective illness early in the course of symptom evolution, even prior to a full syndromic illness or diagnosis. This and other parental views of the risk - benefit and ethical dimensions of early intervention may be helpful in the initiation and design of studies aimed at assessing the efficacy of early interventions in childhood-onset bipolar illness and its prodromes. © 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Does higher cardiovascular response to ECT predict early antidepressant effect?$$$ Background: Effects of diencephalic seizure generalization during ECT, e.g., cardiovascular response, may be relevant in indexing its therapeutic potency. A trend for greater rate pressure product (RPP=heart rate×systolic blood pressure) response to modified ECT in responders than in nonresponders is reported. Atropine used in modified ECT is known to increase RPP. This study examined if cardiovascular response during ECT with or without atropine predicts antidepressant effect. Methods: Twenty nine consenting, major depressive disorder patients received ECTs. Atropine premedication was randomly withheld in the second or third ECT session. RPP was recorded during ECT. Severity of depression was measured at twice weekly intervals. Results: Fifteen patients remitted at the end of 2 weeks. These early remitters had significantly higher poststimulus RPP than the rest in the ECT session without atropine but not so in the session with atropine. Cumulative poststimulus RPP predicted the early antidepressant response. Corresponding motor or EEG seizure durations were not associated with antidepressant effect. Limitations: Most patients continued to receive antidepressants. ECT stimulus laterality was not controlled. The study focussed on only short term antidepressant effects. Conclusions: RPP response to ECT recorded under no-atropine condition may reflect its physiological effects relevant to therapeusis and may have the potential to index seizure adequacy. © 2002 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Computational studies on acquisition and adaptation of ocular following responses based on cerebellar synaptic plasticity$$$ To investigate how cerebellar synaptic plasticity guides the acquisition and adaptation of ocular following response (OFR), a large-scale network model was developed. The model includes the cerebral medial superior temporal area (MST), Purkinje cells (P cells) of the ventral paraflocculus, the accessory optic and climbing fiber systems, the brain stem oculomotor network, and the oculomotor plant. The model reconstructed temporal profiles of both firing patterns of MST neurons and P cells and eye movements. Model MST neurons (n = 1,080) were set to be driven by retinal error and exhibited 12 preferred directions, 30 preferred velocities, and 3 firing waveforms. Correspondingly, each model P cell contained 1,080 excitatory synapses from granule cell axons (GCA) and 1,080 inhibitory synapses. P cells (n = 40) were classified into four groups by their laterality (hemisphere) and by preferred directions of their climbing fiber inputs (CF) (contralateral or upward). The brain stem neural circuit and the oculomotor plant were modeled on the work of Yamamoto et al. The initial synaptic weights on the P cells were set randomly. At the beginning, P cell simple spikes were not well modulated by visual motion, and the eye was moved only slightly by the accessory optic system. The synaptic weights were updated according to integral-differential equation models of physiologically demonstrated synaptic plasticity: long-term depression and long-term potentiation for GCA synapses and rebound potentiation for inhibitory synapses. We assumed that maximum plasticity was induced when GCA inputs preceded CF inputs by 200 ms. After more than 10,000 presentations of ramp-step visual motion, the strengths of both the excitatory and inhibitory synapses were modified. Subsequently, the simple spike responses became well developed, and ordinary OFRs were acquired. The preferred directions of simple spikes became the opposite of those of CFs. Although the model MST neurons were set to possess a wide variety of firing characteristics, the model P cells acquired only downward or ipsilateral preferred directions, high preferred velocities and stereotypical firing waveforms. Therefore the drastic transition of the neural representation from the population codes in the MST to the firing-rate codes of simple spikes were learned at the GCA-P cell synapses and inhibitory cells-P cell synapses. Furthermore, the model successfully reproduced the gain- and directional-adaptation of OFR, which was demonstrated by manipulating the velocity and direction of visual motion, respectively. When we assumed that synaptic plasticity could only occur if CF inputs preceed GCA inputs, the ordinary OFR were acquired but neither the gain-adaptation nor the direction adaptation could be reproduced.
New directions in the development of antidepressants: The interface of neurobiology and psychiatry$$$ There have been considerable advances in neurobiology in recent years that are providing new directions for the development of novel classes of antidepressants. For example, the finding that corticotropin-releasing factor (CRF) is hypersecreted in depressed patients and mediates certain symptoms of depression has led to the development of specific antagonists of the CRF1 receptor. These are expected to prove highly effective for the treatment of mood and anxiety disorders. Another related avenue of research is based on evidence that cortisol is integral to the pathophysiology of major depression with psychotic features. One alternative for treating this subtype of affective disorder is, therefore, to block the action of glucocorticoids using a receptor antagonist such as mifepristone. These are just two of the many new directions that will likely lead to the development of antidepressants in the near future. Copyright © 2002 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
Bipolar spectrum disorders: New perspectives$$$ Objective. To review new perspectives on diagnosis, clinical features, epidemiology, and treatment of bipolar II and related disorders. Quality of Evidence. Articles were identified by searching MEDLINE and ClinPSYCH from January 1994 to August 2001 using the key words bipolar disorder, type II or 2; hypomania; spectrum; or variants. Reference lists from articles were reviewed. Overall, the quality of evidence was not high; we found no randomized controlled trials that specifically addressed bipolar II or bipolar spectrum disorders (BSDs). Main Message. Characterized by elevated mood cycling with depression, BSDs appear to be much more common than previously thought, affecting up to 30% of primary care patients presenting with anxiety or depressive symptoms. Hypomania, the defining feature of bipolar II disorder, is often not detected. Collateral information, semistructured interviews, and brief screening instruments could improve diagnosis. Antidepressants should be used with caution. The newer mood stabilizers or combinations of mood stabilizers might be the treatments of choice in the future. Conclusion. Family physicians, as primary providers of mental health care, should try to recognize and treat BSDs more frequently. These disorders are becoming increasingly common in primary care populations.
Lithium alternatives add to treatment options for patients with bipolar disorder$$$ Bipolar disorder is a common and severe condition and has a clinical outcome that is frequently sub-optimal. A number of medications are presently available which, alone or in combination, should provide adequate therapy for the management of bipolar disorder in most patients. For decades, lithium has been the treatment of choice for the management of bipolar disorder, both for the treatment of acute mania and as maintenance therapy. More recently, a number of alternative medications have emerged which may have advantages over lithium therapy. For example, carbamazepine, valproate semisodium and olanzapine show efficacy in the treatment of manic subtypes that do not respond to lithium treatment. In addition, these drugs are likely to be effective prophylactic treatments for bipolar disorder, although their efficacy has not been as well established as that of lithium. A number of novel treatments are also emerging. The medications available for the treatment of bipolar disorder are generally equally well tolerated. Nonetheless, differences in tolerability profiles can be of use to determine the optimal treatment for individual patients with bipolar disorder.
Hydrocortisone in depression: Too high, too low or untimely?$$$ BACKGROUND: Twenty years ago Carroll and coworkers published a classic paper on the value of the dexamethason suppression test in depression. That paper led to several additional investigations on the significance of the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (H P A) axis in the pathophysiology of depression. AIM: To critically review the involvement of the hypothalamus-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis activity in the psychopathology of depression. METHOD: A Medline literature search over the period 1981 to June 2001 using as keywords cortisone, hydrocortisone, depression, D S T and combinations. RESULTS: High hydrocortisone concentrations (HPA-axis activity) are state dependent and are found in no more than 50% of the depressed patients. Such increases do not allow prediction of therapeutic response, but normalization is prognostic for lasting recovery. The significance of glucocorticoid receptor desensitization in depression is emphasized. Such desensitization is also found in chronic inflammation. Most anti-glucocorticoid treatments have slow antidepressant effects which are not necessarily related to low hydrocortisone, but hydrocortisone itself can have antidepressant effects within 48 hours. CONCLUSION: In depression there may not always be an excess of cortisol, but a shortage instead. Cortisol may accelerate the therapeutic intervention of current antidepressant medication.
Pharmacotherapy to sustain the fully remitted state$$$ Full remission should be the goal of antidepressant therapy; anything less leaves the patient with residual symptoms and an increased risk of relapse and recurrence. Most antidepressant agents offer similar rates of response, but there are some differences in the ability of different agents to promote a full remission. The greatest chance of achieving full remission occurs early in the course of treatment; thus, initial antidepressant strategies should be those that have the greatest therapeutic potential. Other strategies that may help improve the chances of achieving full remission include optimizing drug dosages and using combination and augmentation strategies. Failure to achieve full remission and early discontinuation of antidepressant therapy have been associated with a greater incidence of relapse and recurrence. Continued antidepressant therapy has clearly been shown to effectively reduce the probability of relapse and recurrence by about half compared with placebo. Therefore, once a patient achieves remission, it is important to continue the same antidepressant therapy for at least 6-12 months and, for many patients, considerably longer. Medication should continue at the dose that was initially effective because using low-dose maintenance therapy appears to decrease the protective benefits.
Management of melancholia$$$ There is increasing recognition that melancholic depression can be distinguished from other depressive types and that it differs from the nonmelancholic disorders in terms of its natural history, spontaneous remission rate, response to placebo and response to psychosocial and physical treatments. As it shows a preferential response to physical therapies, the psychotherapies are best viewed as adjunctive rather than primary treatments for melancholia. Of distinct importance, melancholia appears to show a differential response to differing antidepressant drugs, responding less well to the newer narrow-action antidepressant drug classes. For all these reasons, the management of melancholic depression needs to be distinguished from the management of 'depression' per se.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression$$$ Among the new therapeutic techniques in psychiatry, transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) seems to bring a profit in the treatment of depressions. It uses the principle of inductance to generate a magnetic current, which in turn activates cortical neurons. Stimulation is highly focused and interests specific regions of the cerebral cortex. This therapeutic technique is generally well tolerated. Side effects are rare, the most hampering one is epileptic seizures. It is favored by high frequencies (above 5 Hz) and arises mainly with patients having a history of personal or family epileptic seizures. The first open trials, quickly confirmed by controlled studies showed the efficiency of TMS in depression. With depression, double blind randomized trials, using high frequencies, stimulation of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex give positive results with significant decrease of scores on depressive scales applied to resistant and non resistant depressions (5, 31, 32). Some studies (23, 28) have stimulated the right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex using low frequencies. The decrease of scores is also significant on depressive scales. The modulating effect of rTMS on cortical excitability of the brain justifies this distinction between high and low frequencies, high frequencies having a facilitating effect whereas low frequencies have an inhibitory effect.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression.$$$ BACKGROUND: Transcranial magnetic stimulation can either excite or inhibit cortical areas of the brain, depending on whether the speed of the repetitive stimulation is applied at high or low frequencies. It has been used for physiological studies and it has also been proposed as a treatment for depression. OBJECTIVES: To assess the clinical efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression. SEARCH STRATEGY: An electronic search was performed including the Cochrane Collaboration Depression, Neurosis and Anxiety Review Group trials register (last searched June, 2001), the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (Issue 2, 2001), MEDLINE (1966-2001), EMBASE (1974-2001), PsycLIT (1980-2001), and bibliographies from reviewed articles. Unpublished data and grey literature were searched through personal communications with researchers. SELECTION CRITERIA: Randomised controlled trials assessing the therapeutic efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression. DATA COLLECTION AND ANALYSIS: All reviewers independently extracted the information and verified it by cross-checking. Disagreements were resolved through discussion. Continuous data: When similar studies were grouped, the overall standardised mean difference was calculated under a fixed effect model weighted by the inverse variance method with 95% confidence intervals. (In the presence of statistical heterogeneity, a random effects model was to be used.) MAIN RESULTS: Sixteen trials were included in the review and fourteen contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis. Most comparisons did not show differences between rTMS and other interventions. No difference was seen between rTMS and sham TMS using the Beck Depression Inventory or the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, except for one time period (after two weeks of treatment) for left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and high frequency; and also for right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and low frequency, both in favour of rTMS and both using the Hamilton scale. Comparison of rTMS (left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and high frequency) with electroconvulsive therapy showed no difference except for psychotic patients after two weeks treatment, using the Hamilton scale, which indicated that electroconvulsive therapy was more effective than rTMS. REVIEWER'S CONCLUSIONS: The information in this review suggests that there is no strong evidence for benefit from using transcranial magnetic stimulation to treat depression, although the small sample sizes do not exclude the possibility of benefit.
Use of opioid medications for chronic noncancer pain syndromes in primary care$$$ OBJECTIVES: To define the spectrum of chronic noncancer pain treated with opioid medications in 2 primary care settings, and the prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity in this patient population. We also sought to determine the proportion of patients who manifested prescription opioid abuse behaviors and the factors associated with these behaviors. DESIGN: A retrospective cohort study. SETTING: A VA primary care clinic and an urban hospital-based primary care center (PCC) located in the northeastern United States. PATIENTS: A random sample of VA patients (n = 50) and all PCC patients (n = 48) with chronic noncancer pain who received 6 or more months of opioid prescriptions during a 1-year period (April 1, 1997 through March 31, 1998) and were not on methadone maintenance. MEASUREMENTS: Information regarding patients' type of chronic pain disorder, demographic, medical, and psychiatric status, and the presence of prescription opioid abuse behaviors was obtained by medical record review. MAIN RESULTS: Low back pain was the most common disorder accounting for 44% and 25% of all chronic pain diagnoses in the VA and PCC samples, respectively, followed by injury-related (10% and 13%), diabetic neuropathy (8% and 10%), degenerative joint disease (16% and 13%), spinal stenosis (10% and 4%), headache (4% and 13%) and other chronic pain disorders (8% and 22%). The median duration of pain was 10 years (range 3 to 50 years) in the VA and 13 years in the PCC sample (range 1 to 49 years). Among VA and PCC patients, the lifetime prevalence rates of psychiatric comorbidities were: depressive disorder (44% and 54%), anxiety disorder (20% and 21%), alcohol abuse/dependence (46% and 31%), and narcotic abuse/dependence (18% and 38%). Prescription opioid abusive behaviors were recorded for 24% of VA and 31% of PCC patients. A lifetime history of a substance use disorder (adjusted odds ratio [OR], 3.8; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.4 to 10.8) and age (adjusted OR, 0.94; 95% CI, 0.89 to 0.99) were independent predictors of prescription opioid abuse behavior. CONCLUSIONS: A broad spectrum of chronic noncancer pain disorders are treated with opioid medications in primary care settings. The lifetime prevalence of psychiatric comorbidity was substantial in our study population. A significant minority of patients manifested prescription opioid abusive behaviors, and a lifetime history of a substance use disorder and decreasing age were associated with prescription opioid abuse behavior. Prospective studies are needed to determine the potential benefits as well as risks associated with opioid use for chronic noncancer pain in primary care.
Depression treatment: a lifelong commitment?$$$ Depression is associated with considerable disability, morbidity, and mortality. In many patients, depression follows a course of relapse and/or recurrence. However, there is significant evidence that the majority of patients with depressive disorders are undertreated and this imposes a substantial economic burden on society. The reasons for undertreatment include patient, provider, and healthcare system factors. It is vital that treatment be targeted appropriately to break the cycle of relapse/recurrence. Rather than short-term improvement of symptoms, the optimal outcome of treatment of depressive disorders should be full symptom resolution (remission) and long-term recovery. Patients with histories of recurrent depressive episodes may require long-term, indefinite treatment with antidepressants. Currently, few data exist on the outcome and appropriate duration of maintenance pharmacotherapy. The benefits of psychotherapy have recently been demonstrated in a 12-week, randomized, controlled study, which also includes a maintenance phase that has not yet been completed. Additional well-designed studies addressing these issues are urgently needed.
Identification of suicidal ideation and prevention of suicidal behaviour in the elderly$$$ In almost all industrialised countries, men aged 75 years and older have the highest suicide rate among all age groups. Although in younger age groups suicide attempts are often impulsive and communicative acts, suicide attempts in older people (defined as aged 65 years and older) are often long planned and involve high-lethality methods. These characteristics, in addition to the fact that elderly are more fragile and frequently live alone, more often lead to fatal outcome. In later life, in both sexes, the most common diagnosis in those who attempt or complete suicide is major depression. In contrast to other age groups, comorbidity with substance abuse and personality disorders is less frequent. Physical illness plays an important role in the suicidal behaviour of the elderly: most frequently, depression and illness co-occur; less often, the physical illness or the treating medications are causally related to the depressive symptoms. However, only 2 to 4% of terminally ill elderly commit suicide. In addition to physical illness, complicated or traumatic grief, anxiety, unremitting hopelessness after recovery from a depressive episode and history of previous suicide attempts are risk factors for suicide attempts and completed suicide. During a depressive episode, elderly patients with suicidal ideation have higher levels of anxiety and, during treatment, anxiety decreases the probability of remission and recovery. As well as overt suicide attempts, indirect self-destructive behaviours, which often lead to premature death, are common, especially in residents of nursing homes, where more immediate means to commit suicide are restricted. Although we do not have randomised trials of treatment, studies suggest that antidepressant treatment may decrease suicide risk. Prevention and treatment trials are underway to detect the effectiveness of improved treatment of depression by primary care physicians as a means of reducing the prevalence of depressive symptoms, hopelessness and suicidal ideation.
Beyond the iron mask: Towards better recognition and treatment of depression associated with Parkinson's disease$$$ This review examines the frequency of depression complicating Parkinson's disease (PD), its aetiology and clinical features, and also how it may be recognised and treated. Studies investigating the frequency of depression in PD have yielded figures ranging between 2.7% and 70%. Methodological differences account for much of the disparity. The aetiology of depression in PD is complex, and probably relates to both biological and exogenous factors. Dysfunction of multiple neurotransmitter systems, including the serotonergic system, may be involved. Mood disturbances resulting from deep brain stimulation of the subthalamic nucleus may provide a fruitful area for future research, and assist our understanding of the neural networks involved in mediating depression. Several recent studies have confirmed that depression in the PD patient is a major determinant of quality of life and that this is closely related to dysfunction in other clinically important health areas. The validity for many existing scales in the screening, diagnosis, and monitoring of depression in the PD patient has not been established. The Montgomery-Åsberg Depression Rating Scale and the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression appear to have good diagnostic sensitivity and specificity when compared with DSM-IV criteria. Recommendations for the optimal drug treatment of depression in PD are difficult to give, due to an inexplicable dearth of sizeable, placebo-controlled studies. A majority of physicians would probably now opt for a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor in the depressed PD patient. There is no good evidence that these drugs are associated with a worsening of motor features, but they should probably not be coprescribed with selegiline, because of the risk of causing a potentially serious serotonin syndrome. Several studies have suggested that depression in the PD patient is associated with a more rapid deterioration in cognitive and motor functions, perhaps as a surrogate marker for more extensive brainstem cell loss. © 2002 Movement Disorder Society.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for treating depression$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation can either excite or inhibit cortical areas of the brain, depending on whether the speed of the repetitive stimulation is applied at high or low frequencies. It has been used for physiological studies and it has also been proposed as a treatment for depression. Objectives: To assess the clinical efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulationfor treating depression. Search methods: An electronic search was performed including the Cochrane Collaboration Depression, Anxiety and Neurosis Review Group trials register (last searched June 2001), the Cochrane Controlled Trials Register (Issue 2, 2001), MEDLINE (1966-2001), EMBASE (1974-2001), PsycLIT (1980-2001), and bibliographies from reviewed articles. Unpublished data and grey literature were searched through personal communications with researchers. Selection criteria: Randomised controlled trials assessing the therapeutic efficacy and safety of transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression. Data collection and analysis: All reviewers independently extracted the information and verified it by cross-checking. Disagreements were resolved through discussion. Continuous data: When similar studies were grouped, the overall standardised mean difference was calculated under a fixed effect model weighted by the inverse variance method with 95% confidence intervals. (In the presence of statistical heterogeneity, a random effects model was to be used.). Main results: Sixteen trials were included in the review and fourteen contained data in a suitable form for quantitative analysis. Most comparisons did not show differences between rTMS and other interventions. No difference was seen between rTMS and sham TMS using the Beck Depression Inventory or the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, except for one time period (after two weeks of treatment) for left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and high frequency; and also for right dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and low frequency, both in favour of rTMS and both using the Hamilton scale. Comparison of rTMS (left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and high frequency) with electroconvulsive therapy showed no difference except for psychotic patients after two weeks treatment, using the Hamilton scale, which indicated that electroconvulsive therapy was more effective than rTMS. Authors' conclusions: The information in this review suggests that there is no strong evidence for benefit from using transcranial magnetic stimulation to treat depression, although the small sample sizes do not exclude the possibility of benefit.
Right unilateral and bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of depression: A preliminary study$$$ The short-term outcome of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was studied in 24 patients with a current major depressive episode (DSM-IV). Patients were randomized to high dose (400% above the seizure threshold) right unilateral (RUL) ECT, to moderate dose (150% above seizure threshold) RUL ECT, and to low dose (just above seizure threshold) bifrontal (BF) ECT. Primary outcome measures included number of treatments, Hamilton Depression Rating Scale score, and Mini-Mental State Examination score. High dose RUL ECT was associated with a significantly faster response to treatment than low dose BF ECT. Moreover, there was a tendency to a higher response rate with high dose RUL ECT compared with either moderate dose RUL ECT or BF ECT.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation versus electroconvulsive therapy for major depression: Preliminary results of a randomized trial$$$ Background: Many severely depressed patients do not benefit from or tolerate existing treatments. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been reported to benefit depression. We compared rTMS to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in severely ill, depressed patients. Methods: Twenty-five patients with a major depression (unipolar or bipolar) deemed clinically appropriate for ECT were randomly assigned to rTMS (10-20 treatments, 10 Hz, 110% motor threshold applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex for a total of 10,000-20,000 stimulations) or a course of bitemporal ECT (4-12 treatments). The primary outcome measure was the 24-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS). The Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS), Young Mania Rating Scale (YMS), and Clinical Global Impression scale (CGI) were secondary measures. Minimal rescue medications were utilized. Results: Mean percent improvement on the baseline HDRS score did not significantly differ between the two treatments (i.e., 55% for the rTMS group vs. 64% for the ECT group [p = ns]). With response defined as a 50% reduction from baseline and a final score ≤ 8 on the HDRS, there was also no significant difference between the two groups. We did not observe any differences between groups on the secondary measures. Conclusions: A 2-4 week randomized, prospective trial comparing rTMS to ECT produced comparable therapeutic effects in severely depressed patients. © 2002 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Three and six-month outcome following courses of either ECT or rTMS in a population of severely depressed individuals - Preliminary report$$$ Background: Recent studies have strengthened the claim that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an effective treatment for major depression. The longitudinal outcome of TMS-treated patients, however, has not been described. We report on the 3- and 6-month outcomes of a group of patients treated with either electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) (n = 20) or (rTMS) (n = 21). Methods: Patients diagnosed with major depressive disorder with or without psychotic features referred for ECT were randomly assigned to receive either ECT or rTMS. Forty-one patients who responded to either treatment constituted the sample. Patients were followed on a monthly basis and outcomes were determined with the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression-17 items (HRSD) and the Global Assessment of Functioning (GAF) scales. Medications were routinely prescribed. Results: There were no differences in the 6-month relapse rate between the groups. Overall, 20% of the patients relapsed (four from the ECT group and four from the rTMS group). Patients reported equally low and not significantly different scores in the HRSD (ECT group 8.4 ± 5.6 and TMS group 7.9 ± 7.1) and the GAF (ECT group 72.8 ± 12 and TMS group 77.8 ± 17.1) at the 6-month follow up. Conclusions: Patients treated with rTMS do as well as those treated with ECT at the 3- and 6-month follow-up points. These data suggest that the clinical gains obtained with rTMS last at least as long as those obtained with ECT. © 2002 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Effects of different frequencies of transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) on the forced swim test model of depression in rats$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has been demonstrated in humans as well as in animal models to have an antidepressant effect, but the optimal frequency of stimulation is not known. We examined this question in a rat model of depression. Methods: Young male Sprague-Dawley rats were allocated to two placebo (restraint and sham transcranial magnetic stimulation), one active control (imipramine), and four transcranial magnetic stimulation groups at 1, 5, 15 and 25 Hz and 1000 stimuli each. The Porsolt Swim Test was performed on day 1 (experiment 1). In an extension (experiment 2), the treatments were repeated on days 2 through 5, and the Swim Test repeated on days 3, 5, and 7. Results: After one treatment session, all transcranial magnetic stimulation groups had significantly reduced immobility times compared with sham stimulation (p = .000), but the higher frequencies (15 and 25 Hz) did not differ significantly from lower (1 and 5 Hz) frequencies. After three sessions, all transcranial magnetic stimulation groups were different from placebo, and the rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation groups had lower immobility times than the slow transcranial magnetic stimulation groups (p = .035). After five sessions, only 15- and 25-Hz groups were different from control, and on day 7, only the 25-Hz group had reduced immobility. There was an overall difference between fast and slow transcranial magnetic stimulation (p = .010), and 1 Hz was different from the other three transcranial magnetic stimulation conditions (p = .016). Conclusions: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation reduces immobility time in the Forced Swim Test model of depression, suggesting an antidepressant effect, which is evident at a range (1-25 Hz) of frequencies. With repeated administration, the findings suggest that the antidepressant effect of the higher frequencies, as for imipramine, is likely to be sustained, although the model used for this (i.e., repeating the Swim Test) requires further validation. © 2002 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Sleep deprivation in depression - Stabilizing antidepressant effects by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Partial sleep deprivation (PSD) has a profound and rapid effect on depressed mood. However, the transient antidepressant effect of PSD - most patients relapse after one night of recovery sleep - is limiting the clinical use of this method. Using a controlled, balanced parallel design we studied, whether repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied in the morning after PSD is able to prevent this relapse. 20 PSD responders were randomly assigned to receive either active or sham stimulation during the following 4 days after PSD. Active stimulation prolonged significantly (p<0.001) the antidepressant effect of PSD up to 4 days. This finding indicates that rTMS is an efficacious method to prevent relapse after PSD. © 2002 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
The Bech-Rafaelsen Mania Scale in Clinical trials of therapies for bipolar disorder a 20-year review of its use as an outcome measure$$$ Over the last two decades the Bech-Rafaelsen Mania Scale (MAS) has been used extensively in trials that have assessed the efficacy of treatments for bipolar disorder. The extent of its use makes it possible to evaluate the psychometric properties of the scale according to the principles of internal validity, reliability, and external validity. Studies of the internal validity of the MAS have demonstrated that the simple sum of the 11 items of the scale is a sufficient statistic for the assessment of the severity of manic states. Both factor analysis and latent structure analysis (the Rasch analysis) have been used to demonstrate this. The total score of the MAS has been standardised such that scores below 15 indicate hypomania, scores around 20 indicate moderate mania, and scores around 28 indicate severe mania. The inter-observer reliability has been found to be high in a number of studies conducted in various countries. The MAS has shown an acceptable external validity, in terms of both sensitivity and responsiveness. Thus, the MAS was found to be superior to the Clinical Global Impression scale with regard to responsiveness, and sensitivity has been found to be adequate, with the MAS able to demonstrate large drug-placebo differences. Based on pretreatment scores, trials of antimanic therapies can be classified into: (i) ultrashort (1 week) therapy of severe mania; (ii)short-term therapy (3 to 8 weeks) of moderate mania; (iii) short-term therapy of hypomanic or mixed bipolar states; and (iv) long-term (12 months) therapy of bipolar states. The responsiveness of MAS is such that the scale has been able to demonstrated that typical antipsychotics are effective as an ultrashort therapy of severe mania; that lithium and anticonvulsants are effective in the short-term therapy of moderate mania; and that atypical antipsychotics, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and transcranial magnetic stimulation seem to have promising effects in the shortterm therapy of moderate mania. In contrast, the scale has been used to demonstrate that calcium antagonists (e.g. verapamil) are ineffective in the treatment of mania. MAS has also been used to add to the literature on the evidence-based effect of lithium as a short-term therapy for hypomania or mixed bipolar states and as a long-term therapy of bipolar states.
Managing unstable angina in high-risk patients$$$ Patients with ACS should be risk-stratified based on clinical symptom complex, age, electrocardiographic ST-segment depression, and serum biochemical markers (troponin). Those who are at "high risk" should be triaged to early angiography with definition of the coronary anatomy and revascularization as indicated and feasible. Adjunctive platelet GP IIb/IIIa inhibitor therapy may be initiated "upstream" prior to coronary angiography in this patient population, particularly if symptoms are refractory to conventional therapy or in the context of an elevated serum troponin level. Substitution of enoxaparin for unfractionated heparin should be considered in these patients, based upon the growing body of data demonstrating improved outcomes with this low-molecular-weight heparin. However, its role in the context of invasive management awaits clarification. Clopidogrel may also be used early in these patients, although if this irreversible platelet inhibitor is administered prior to defining coronary anatomy, surgical revascularization may be delayed to allow a 3-5 day wash-out period. However, with the evolving evidence for LMWH and clopidogrel, the therapeutic options and combinations continue to expand, and the optimal pharmacological management across this diverse spectrum of patients will need to be individualized.
Differential response to right unilateral ECT in depressed patients: Impact of comorbidity and severity of illness [ISRCTN39974945]$$$ Background: Recent electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) efficacy studies of right unilateral (RUL) ECT may not apply to real life clinics with a wide range of patients with major depressive episodes. Methods: The study included two groups of patients. In addition to a homogeneous group of patients with major depression according to DSM-IV criteria with severity of the major depressive episode > 16 scores on 17-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HDRS) (Group 1, n = 16), we included a heterogeneous group of patients with less severe major depressive episodes or with a variety of comorbid conditions (Group 2, n = 24). We randomly assigned the patients to an RUL ECT treatment dosed at 5 or 2.5 times seizure threshold with an intent-to-treat design. The outcomes measured blindly were HDRS, number of treatments, and Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE). The patients were considered to have responded to treatment if the improvement in HDRS score was at least 60% and they had a total score of less than ten. Results: The Group 2 patients responded poorer (8% vs. 63%), and had more often simultaneous worsening in their MMSE scores than Group 1 patients. The differences in the outcomes between the two different doses of RUL ECT treatment were not statistically significant. Conclusions: ECT effectiveness seems to be lower in real-life heterogeneous patient groups than in homogeneous patient samples used in experimental efficacy trials.
Psychiatry$$$ The four chapters of therapeutic news 2001 are devoted to the following: • Depressive psychotherapy, and in particular cognitive psychotherapy; new studies gave shown particular interest in complementing pharmacotherapy for chronic depression, but also when used as a continuation of therapy after the remission phase in the prevention of relapses, particularly for patients whose remission was not total. • Reboxetine, a selective anti-depressant inhibitor of the noradrenaline reuptake with an interesting tolerance profile and possibly a more specific interest in depression where inhibition and passivity predominate. • The anti-epileptic lamotrigine: as with other anti-epileptics, it has shown mood stabilizing properties, particularly interesting in the depressive phases of bipolar disorders; but care should be taken because of the risk of dermatological complications. • Transcranial magnetic stimulation which has therapeutic action in certain psychiatric disorders such as depression: this technique, which comes from neurophysiology, relies on rapid variations of magnetic field which causes light electric currents in certain areas of the cortex.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation: The introduction of a new therapeutic tool in psychiatry$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a technique used for investigation of the tics, when repeatedly applied, has a therapeutic potential, notably in psychiatry. The physiological and neuroendocrine effects induced by repeated TMS treatment in an animal model are similar to those caused by antidepressants in man. In particular, TMS appears to modify the release of neuromediators (serotonin, dopamine) involved in depressive states. Because of these properties, repeated TMS has been proposed as a potential treatment for depression. Several randomized studies have now evaluated its effects in this regard and for the most part show statistically significant results, although the findings are sometimes modest at the clinical level. However, the therapeutic effects depend on various parameters which are generally not taken into account, such as cortical excitability and regional cerebral metabolism, Apart from depression, the trials focus on a limited number of disorders. In schizophrenia, the use of TMS has permitted abnormalities in cortical excitability to be demonstated and an improvement of the symptomatology, e.g. by suppressing the perception of auditory hallucinations. Parkinson's disease, nervous twitch and Gilles de la Tourette syndome, obsessive-compulsive disorders and mania have also been the focus of promising albeit preliminary trials. Wider randomized studies should now assess the different parameters involved in the therapeutic effects, so that the treatment procedure can be optimized and the physiopathology of various neuropsychiatric disorders better understood. © 2002 Éditions scientifiques et médicales Elsevier SAS. All rights reserved.
Treatment of depressive disorders in epilepsy patients$$$ Epilepsy is a complex disorder that is associated with multiple adverse psychosocial effects. Depression appears to be the most prevalent psychiatric condition in epilepsy and has the greatest impact on subjective health status. Advances in neuroimaging indicate that depressive symptoms are predominantly associated with brain dysfunction, as opposed to social or vocational disability. These findings underscore the need to routinely screen persons with epilepsy for depression, using simple but accurate instruments, and to select the best treatment for each patient, based on adequate understanding of the available pharmacological and interpersonal therapies. This paper reviews epidemiological, health impact, screening and diagnosis, and treatment considerations in depressive disorders associated with epilepsy. © 2002 Elsevier Science (USA). All rights reserved.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of mood disorder: A review and comparison with electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Objective: To review repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a mode of therapy for depression. Method: The following aspects of rTMS were reviewed and compared with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): history, basic principles, technical considerations, possible mode of action, safety, adverse effects, and effects on mood in both healthy individuals and those suffering from bipolar disorder (BD) or depression. Results: rTMS may selectively increase or decrease neuronal activity over discrete brain regions. As a result of this focused intervention with TMS, the potential for unwanted side effects is substantially reduced, compared with ECT. In open trials, rTMS and ECT are reported to be equally efficacious for patients having depression without psychosis, but the therapeutic benefits reported in double-blind sham-rTMS controlled trials are more modest. Conclusion: The antidepressant and antimanic effects of rTMS depend on technical considerations such as stimulus frequency, intensity, and magnetic coil placement, which may not yet be optimized. Biological heterogeneity among the patients treated with rTMS may also contribute to differing efficacy across clinical trials. rTMS may possess tremendous potential as a treatment for mood disorder, but this has not yet been realized. rTMS must still be regarded as an experimental intervention requiring further refinement.
Herpetic neuralgia: Use of combination therapy for pain relief in acute and chronic herpes zoster$$$ Herpes zoster (shingles) is a localized infection that begins in the dorsal root ganglia of the cranial or spinal nerves and spreads as a rash over the corresponding dermatome. It usually is caused by reactivation of latent varicella-zoster virus remaining from childhood chicken pox. Postherpetic neuralgia (PHN) is a chronic neuropathic pain syndrome that occurs as a complication of shingles, most commonly in older persons. Acute zoster and PHN can be severe conditions associated with impaired sleep, decreased appetite, depression, anxiety disorder, and diminished libido. Management of zoster-related pain should begin as soon as possible after the onset of symptoms. Combination therapy - including antiviral, antidepressant, corticosteroid, opioid, and topical agents - provides the most effective analgesia.
Brain effects of TMS delivered over prefrontal cortex in depressed adults: Role of stimulation frequency and coil-cortex distance$$$ Relative regional brain blood flow was measured in 23 clinically depressed adults by using ECD SPECT at baseline and again during actual prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) following 5 daily sessions of TMS. TMS over prefrontal cortex caused increased activity in cortex directly under the stimulation (inversely correlated with distance from scalp to cortex) and decreased activity in remote regions (anterior cingulate and anterior temporal poles). High-frequency rTMS (20 Hz) caused more relative flow immediately below the TMS coil than did low-frequency rTMS (5 Hz). Confirming the hypotheses tested, repeated daily TMS over the prefrontal cortex in medication-free depressed adults appears to change both local and remote blood flow in a manner that may also depend on the frequency of stimulation and coil to outer cortex distance.
Lack of adverse cognitive effects of 1 Hz and 20 Hz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation at 100% of motor threshold over left prefrontal cortex in depression$$$ Objective: The potential therapeutic effects of repetative transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) are being examined in various neuropsychiatric illnesses. This study assesses the cognitive performance of depressed patients receiving high or low frequency rTMS for 10 days. Methods: 18 depressed patients participated in a randomized double-blind cross-over study exploring the antidepressant effects of 2 weeks (10 daily) of sham, 1 Hz, or 20 Hz rTMS administered over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex at 100% of motor threshold (MT). A subgroup completed a battery of cognitive tests at baseline and following each 2-week phase of treatment, and differences in performance were assessed using paired t-tests and were correlated with the degree of clinical improvement using Hamilton Depression Rating Scale scores. Results: There were no major changes in cognitive test scores as a result of 10 days of either 1 Hz or 20 Hz rTMS. Moreover, any minor attenuations in cognition were not related to the degree of clinical improvement. Conclusions: Cognitive functioning in many domains following 2 weeks of 1 Hz or 20 Hz rTMS at 100% MT over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depressed patients is not disrupted.
Inefficacy of burst-suppression anesthesia in medication-resistant major depression: A controlled trial$$$ Burst-suppression anesthesia (BSA) has been previously compared with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in drug-resistant depression, with promising results. We have carried out a double-blind randomized clinical trial comparing BSA with sham-BSA in 20 patients meeting DSM-IV criteria for major depression with inadequate response to antidepressant drugs and who chose BSA as an alternative to ECT. After withdrawing antidepressant drugs, patients were randomized to receive four sessions of either BSA (induction with propofol followed by the anesthetic agent sevoflurane, achieving BSA for 1 hour) or sham-BSA (induction with propofol until loss of consciousness, followed by spontaneous awakening in 5-10 minutes). Decrease in the Hamilton Rating Depression Scale was larger with BSA (-6.0 ± 7.3) than with sham-BSA (-2.5 ± 4.5), but differences did not reach statistical significance (t = -1.08, p = 0.3). In our sample, we have not found BSA to be superior to sham-BSA and therefore cannot consider BSA as an alternative to ECT.
Rapid cycling bipolar disorder$$$ Rapid cycling bipolar disorder (RCBD) is defined in the fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV) as a type of manic-depressive illness in which the patient experiences four or more episodes of mania and/or major depression per year. It was first reported as a consequence of the reduced effectiveness of lithium carbonate in the treatment and prophylaxis of this form of bipolar disorder (BD) in contrast to those with less frequent cycling. Among the anticonvulsants, there have been reports with different degrees of controlled data concerning carbamazepine, valproate, lamotrigine, topiramate, gabapentin and primidone. There is a paucity of double-blind studies, but what is available supports the use of lamotrigine. There is open data supporting the use of carbamazepine, valproate and topiramate. Regarding other classes, nimodipine may have specific utility in ultradian- (ultra-ultra-) or ultra-RCBD and there is double-blind data regarding the specific utility of olanzapine in RCBD. Low thyroid function may be a factor in development of RCBD; therapies aimed at elevating thyroid levels, even beyond the usual range, have frequently produced benefits in open trials. More research is needed into the possible therapeutic benefits of verapamil, bupropion, choline, light therapy and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).
Characterizing the ideal antidepressant therapy to achieve remission$$$ A paradigm shift in the management of depression has transpired in recent years with the modification of treatment goals toward remission, an outcome that transcends response. Pharmacotherapy, psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, and combination therapies are treatment modalities available to the clinician for facilitating remission in depressed patients. For patients with moderateto-severe depression, pharmacotherapy, either alone or in combination with other therapeutic approaches, is the treatment of choice. Antidepressants have heterogeneous effects on neurotransmitter systems that are manifested in different levels of selectivity and potency, influencing the drugs' safety profile through their potential for inducing drug-drug interactions. In terms of the pharmacokinetic-pharmacodynamic characteristics of antidepressants, a positive dose-response relationship has been shown to enhance the achievement of full remission because it allows the clinician to maximize drug dosage to optimize efficacy. Evidence from several studies indicates that treatment strategies that involve combined serotonergic and noradrenergic mechanisms result in pharmacologic synergism that leads to an enhanced antidepressant effect. This article identifies key characteristics of antidepressants that have been associated with greater efficacy.
Right versus left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation for obsessive-compulsive disorder: A preliminary investigation$$$ Background: There is preliminary evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) may be useful for the treatment of obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD), but no definitive study has been published, and the effect of laterality of stimulation is uncertain. Method: Subjects (N = 12) with resistant OCD were allocated randomly to either right or left prefrontal rTMS daily for 2 weeks and were assessed by an independent rater at 1 and 2 weeks and 1 month later. Results: Subjects had an overall significant improvement in the obsessions (p < .01), compulsions (p < .01), and total (p < .01) scores on the Yale-Brown Obsessive Compulsive Scale (Y-BOCS) after 2 weeks and at 1-month follow-up. This improvement was significant for obsessions (p < .05) and tended to significance for total Y-BOCS scores (p = .06) after correction for changes in depression scores on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale. There was no significant difference between right- and left-sided rTMS on any of the parameters examined. Two subjects (33%) in each group showed a clinically significant improvement that persisted at 1 month but with relapse later in 1 subject. Conclusion: A proportion (about one quarter) of patients with resistant OCD appear to respond to rTMS to either prefrontal lobe, although in the absence of a sham treatment group in this study, we cannot rule out the possibility of this being a placebo response. This treatment warrants further investigation to better establish its efficacy and examine the best parameters for response.
Effect of electroconvulsive therapy on hematological parameters$$$ Although a complete blood count is part of the evaluation before the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), there are no known hematological contraindications for the procedure. A preliminary study was done on 31 randomly selected psychiatric patients (chronic schizophrenia, n = 10; acute depression, n = 8; acute mania, n = 6; acute psychosis, n = 6; delusional disorder, n = 1) receiving ECT to study its hematological effects. Blood samples were drawn just before and 0, 1 and 2 h after ECT. Hemoglobin (Hb%), total and differential leukocyte count (TLC and DLC), red blood cell (RBC) count, mean corpuscular volume (MCV), mean corpuscular hemoglobin (MCH), mean corpuscular hemoglobin concentration (MCHC) and platelet count were measured on a fully automated hematology analyzer (Sysmex K-1000). Significant changes were found in TLC, percentage of polymorphs and lymphocytes, and Hb%. Changes in other parameters were not statistically significant. More such studies are needed to substantiate these observations and to understand the mechanism and implication of these effects. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
Development of a quality assessment instrument for trials of treatments for depression and neurosis$$$ There is evidence that the quality of controlled clinical trials affects the results that are obtained. A systematic approach to the assessment of quality is required for psychiatric research. This study set out to develop an instrument for the assessment of the quality of controlled trials of interventions for depressive and non-psychotic conditions. A pilot study led to the development of a scale containing 23 items covering a wide range of aspects of quality including objective formulation, design, presentation of results, analysis and quality of conclusions. Scoring criteria were devised and the scale was then subjected to reliability testing using a random sample of trials of treatment for depression and 'neurosis'. The scale showed moderate inter-rater reliability and results were comparable to those obtained with shorter instruments. It was quick and easy to use. There were significant correlations between year of publication and overall quality score with later studies showing higher quality. The instrument developed here provides a systematic approach to the assessment of quality for use in critical appraisal of individual studies and meta-analysis. However, the scoring process should be used cautiously since inter-rater agreement was only moderate.
The collaborative practice model for bipolar disorder: Design and implementation in a multi-site randomized controlled trial$$$ Bipolar disorder remains a high morbidity and costly illness in general clinical practice, despite the availability of efficacious medications. This 'efficacy-effectiveness gap' (1, 2) may be addressed by better organizing systems of care. One type of intervention is the 'collaborative practice model' which can be defined as an organization of care that a) emphasizes development in the patient of illness management skills, and b) supports provider capability and availability in order to c) engage patients in timely, joint decision-making regarding their illness. This article describes such a collaborative practice model for bipolar disorder, designed to be widely adoptable and sustainable in general clinical practice. The first part of the article describes the theoretical background from which the collaborative practice approach developed, emphasizing its origins in the lithium clinics of the 1970s, in nursing theory and practice, and more recently in the management of chronic medical diseases. The second part describes the structure of one such intervention, the Bipolar Disorders Program (BDP) developed in the Veterans Affairs health care system. The third part summarizes results from single-site studies of the intervention. The fourth part describes several key issues in its implementation in an ongoing multi-site randomized controlled trial, VA Cooperative Study Program (CSP) # 430. Data to date indicate that such collaborative practice interventions may improve important process and intermediate outcome variables for bipolar disorder. The BDP provides an example of a multi-faceted collaborative practice model that can be manualized and implemented across multiple sites in a randomized controlled trial.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression and other psychiatric disorders$$$ Introduction. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been proposed as a possible alternative to electroconvulsive therapy for the treatment of selected patients with depression, bipolar affective disorder and schizophrenia. The aim of this study was to evaluate the evidence for the effectiveness of rTMS in mood disorders and schizophrenia. Methods. Studies were identified using MEDLINE (1966 to January 2000), EMBASE/Excerpta Medica (1980 to January 2000), Biological Abstracts and Index to Scientific and Technical Proceedings. A number of biomedical and TMS related websites were also searched. We estimated the number needed to treat to show beneficial effect of rTMS when compared with the placebo controlled group. Results. Seven controlled trials of rTMS depression were identified. Five of these were suitable for meta-analysis and show a beneficial effect of rTMS compared to placebo, with a number needed to treat of 2.3 with a 95% confidence interval 1.6 to 4.0, total; 81 patients. A single trial of rTMS has also been performed in mania, which shows a beneficial effect of right hemisphere stimulation when compared with left hemisphere stimulation. A controlled trial in schizophrenia failed to show any benefit of rTMS. Discussion. rTMS has demonstrable beneficial effects in depression. The extent and the duration of the anti-depressant effect of rTMS has yet to be defined. There now needs to be randomized controlled trials to compare rTMS directly with standardized electroconvulsive therapy in order to take this subject forward. With regard to the treatment of other mood disorders and schizophrenia, we are at an early stage in the assessment of further studies that are needed to examine any potential role for rTMS.
The clinical, psychosocial, and pharmacoeconomic ramifications of remission$$$ At an estimated cost of almost $50 billion a year, the socioeconomic burden of major depressive disorder is enormous. Although remission has been identified as the key goal of treatment, such treatment must be highly acceptable to patients, predictably effective, and carry minimal adverse effects. The cornerstone of depression management, remission can improve clinical status, functional ability, and quality of life for the patient while lowering utilization costs related to the disease and its comorbidities. Initially, the goals of therapy are to: (1) reduce and ultimately remove all signs and symptoms of the depressive syndrome; (2) restore occupational and psychosocial function to the asymptomatic state; and (3) achieve and maintain remission. Most patients can achieve these goals with the help of antidepressant medications, problem-focused psychotherapy, or a combination of the 2 methods. Following an initial assessment of the patient, treatment of depression has 3 phases: acute, continuation, and maintenance. Although adherence to treatment is crucial to successful treatment of depression, only about 25% to 35% of patients will achieve remission after 6 to 8 weeks of treatment; another 15% to 20% may remain depressed for months or years. Patients who achieve remission are much less likely to relapse than those who do not. Much debate has focused on the relative merits of prescribing selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors or venlafaxine. Results of a pooled analysis of 8 such comparative studies are presented.
Prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as add on treatment in depression$$$ A growing number of studies report antidepressant effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in patients with major depression. The hypothesis that high frequency (20 Hz) rTMS (HF-rTMS) may speed up and strengthen the therapeutic response to sertraline in MD was tested. Twenty eight patients who had not yet received medication for the present depressive episode (n=12) or had failed a single trial of an antidepressant medication (n=16) were started on sertraline and randomised to receive either real of sham HF-rTMS. HF-rTMS was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal area in daily sessions (30 trains of 2 s, 20-40 s intertrain interval, at 90% motor threshold) on 10 consecutive working days. The results suggest that in this patient population, HF-rTMS does not add efficacy over the use of standard antidepressant medication.
Focal prefrontal seizures induced by bilateral ECT$$$ Introduction: It has been proposed that the greater efficacy of bilateral (BL) over right unilateral (RUL) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) at low stimulus intensity is due to differences in site of seizure initiation. We hypothesized that focal prefrontal seizures are more common with BL than RUL administration. Method: Records were reviewed of the 1,007 ECT treatments of 84 consecutive patients randomized to RUL or BL electrode placement. Results: Eight events were identified in which there was an electroencephalographic seizure without motor manifestation. All of these events occurred at titration sessions and with BL stimuli (p = 0.002). These events were more likely to occur later in the course of treatment. Discussion: We suggest that BL ECT may induce focal seizures in prefrontal areas and that these seizures are more likely to occur later in the treatment course.
Effect on the emotions of healthy individuals of slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation applied to the prefrontal cortex$$$ Recent studies indicate that both slow and fast repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have a mood-elevating effect in major depressive episodes. The effect of slow rTMS on the emotions of healthy individuals has not been examined. Methods: We studied the effects of slow rTMS applied to the left and right prefrontal cortex (PFC) of 18 healthy individuals. Active and sham stimulation was applied to both sides of all individuals. Stimulation was with a 9-cm figure-of-eight coil at the following parameters: 110% of motor threshold, 1 Hz, single train of 500 stimuli. Depression, happiness, irritability, and anxiety were measured before and 5, 30, and 240 min after stimulation using visual analogue scales. A sleep questionnaire was completed the morning after each stimulation session. A new method of providing sham was used. Results: Slow rTMS applied to the PFC did not produce significant changes in the emotions of healthy individuals; nor was sleep influenced. Discussion: In conclusion, slow rTMS at these parameters applied to the PFC does not produce significant changes in the emotions of healthy individuals.
The impact of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation on pituitary hormone levels and cortisol in healthy subjects$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a new therapeutic tool in the treatment of affective disorders but only few studies on its safety exist. We aimed to determine the impact of rTMS on (neuro)endocrinological serum levels by a placebo-controlled cross-over study. Methods: 23 healthy subjects were stimulated by rTMS in a typical paradigm used in the treatment of depression (coil placed over left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex, 10 and 20 Hz stimulation). Placebo, infrathreshold, and suprathreshold stimulation were applied in random order. The serum levels of cortisol, prolactin, FSH, and TSH were measured before and after stimulation. Results: After infrathreshold stimulation, cortisol and TSH serum levels decreased mildly but significantly. All other stimulations had no significant impact on hormone levels. In female, but not in male, subjects placebo stimulation yielded a significant increase of prolactin. Conclusions: rTMS as applied for the treatment of depression leads to only very mild and safe changes of hormones. These changes, in particular the decrease of cortisol levels, might explain in part the efficacy of rTMS. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V. All rights reserved.
Neuropsychological effects of prefrontal slow rTMS in normal volunteers: A double-blind sham-controlled study$$$ Recent reports have suggested that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is effective in major depression. Unlike ECT, rTMS does not involve a seizure and is associated with minimal side-effects, including cognitive difficulties. However, the effect of rTMS on cognitive functioning has not been systematically evaluated. This study was designed to examine the neuropsychological effects of slow rTMS in normal volunteers. Forty-six normal volunteers were randomly assigned to receive one session of right (N = 16) or left prefrontal (N = 15), or sham (N = 15) rTMS at 1HZ. Patients were assessed before and after stimulation by a computerized neurospychological battery. All three groups showed significant improvement over time in processing speed (reaction time) and efficiency (correct responses per unit of time). However, no time by group interaction was found for any of the neuropsychological tests. These findings suggest that a single session of slow rTMS does not interfere with neurospychological functioning in normal volunteers, supporting clinical reports of no adverse cognitive effects.
A meta-analysis of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of depression.$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is an emerging potential treatment for depression, but the data supporting its efficacy have not been systematically reviewed. The purpose of this study was to conduct a meta-analysis of rTMS trials in the treatment of depression. A search for all published and unpublished sham-controlled studies of left or right prefrontal cortical rTMS in the treatment of depression evaluated by the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) was conducted using no language restrictions. Fixed- and random-effects meta-analyses were performed on 12 studies comparing the decrease in HDRS scores achieved with rTMS and sham stimulation. Initial results with a fixed-effects analysis failed homogeneity testing; thus, a random-effects analysis was used to calculate all results. In 12 studies (16 individual effect sizes), the weighted mean effect size was 0.81 (95% CI: 0.42-1.20, P < .001). For studies using left dorsolateral pre-frontal cortex (DLPFC) stimulation (11 studies, 14 effect sizes), the weighted mean effect size was 0.89 (95% CI: 0.44-1.35, P < .001). For studies using left DLPFC stimulation in a parallel-groups design (seven studies, nine effect sizes), the weighted mean effect size was 0.88 (95% CI: 0.22-1.54, P < .01). No study showed a mean decrease in HDRS scores of > 50%, and the number of responders to rTMS (defined as a > 50% decrease in HDRS scores) across studies was relatively small (13.7% with rTMS versus 7.9% with sham stimulation). rTMS is statistically superior to sham stimulation in the treatment of depression, showing a moderate to large effect size. However, the clinical significance of these results is modest. The differences in response to rTMS across studies are not clearly explained, and, therefore, more research is needed.
Diagnosis, epidemiology, and clinical course of geriatric depression$$$ The elderly population is steadily growing. It is projected that the number of persons age 65 and older will more than the double between now and 2050. As this population grows, an increasing percentage of the elderly will experience psychiatric disorders that are not part of the normal aging process. Depression in older adults is common. Although it can be effectively diagnosed and treated, it remains underdiagnosed and undertreated. Depression of late life has significant consequences including increased mortality, cognitive dysfunction, disability, and rehabilitation periods. Additionally, there is growing literature that is uncovering the differences between late-onset and early-onset geriatric depression. This paper will review the epidemiology, diagnosis, and course of geriatric depression.
The treatment of geriatric depression: Progress and challenges$$$ It has been estimated that 15% of individuals in the United States over the age of 65 suffer from depressive symptoms warranting mental health treatment. Treatment approaches have targeted the biologic and the psychosocial substrates of the disorder. Pharmacotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, and psychotherapy are the primary treatment modalities for late-life depression. Over the last 2 decades randomized clinical trials have provided evidence regarding the efficacy of these treatments. In some studies, a combined approach, using both medication and psychotherapy, has been shown most effective at achieving remission and maintaining recovery. Recently, investigators have identified subgroups of depression in old age based on biologic and psychological models of disease, such as vascular and executive dysfunction. Preliminary data suggest that these phenotypes may differ in terms of treatment response. Further work along this line promises to advance treatment strategies for late-life depression.
A controlled study of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation as a treatment of depression in the elderly$$$ Rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the left dorsal lateral frontal cortex has been shown to produce antidepressant effects. Older depressed patients, however, in one study showed a lower response rate than younger patients. The current study examined treatment response in 20 depressed, treatment-refractory patients (mean age 60.7 ± 9.8 years) given five sessions of rTMS at 20 Hz for 2 seconds over 20 trains at 80% of motor threshold or identical placebo stimulation, after patients had been withdrawn from their antidepressants. There were no significant differences in Hamilton Depression Scale scores either before or after treatment at 7 days' follow-up. There were three responders to active treatment and three to sham treatment and responders had significantly greater frontal lobe volume than nonresponders (p = .03). These findings suggest that the stimulation parameters used in this study were probably insufficient to produce treatment response and that frontal atrophy may interfere with the effectiveness of rTMS.
Treatment of depressive disorders in old age$$$ Results indicate that major depressive disorders among the aged can be effectively treated by administration of sertraline, fluoxetine, reboxetine, nortriptyline, imipramine, and buproprion sustained release. When secondary outcome measures have been utilized, sertraline has been determined to be superior to nortriptyline and fluoxetine in improving cognitive functioning. Sertraline may have fewer side effects than nortriptyline. Sertraline, citalopram, and mianserin are effective in reducing depressive symptoms among aged patients with mild or moderate dementia. Imipramine, reboxetine and paroxetine have been proven in double-blind studies to reduce depressive symptoms among dysthymic patients or patients with minor depression, and sertraline has been proven to reduce symptoms in an open trial. The results suggest that maintenance therapy with antidepressants in old age may be safe and effective in preventing recurrences of depression, but further studies are needed. Unfortunately, fewer studies have been conducted regarding the effects of psychological treatment of depression in old age. © 2001 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Sleep and depression - Results from psychobiological studies: An overview$$$ Disturbances of sleep are typical for most depressed patients and belong to the core symptoms of the disorder. Polysomnographic sleep research has demonstrated that besides disturbances of sleep continuity, in depression sleep is characterized by a reduction of slow wave sleep and a disinhibition of REM sleep, with a shortening of REM latency, a prolongation of the first REM period and increased REM density. These findings have stimulated many sleep studies in depressive patients and patients with other psychiatric disorders. In the meantime, several theoretical models, originating from basic research, have been developed to explain sleep abnormalities of depression, like the two-process-model of sleep and sleep regulation, the GRF/CRF imbalance model and the reciprocal interaction model of non-REM and REM sleep regulation. Interestingly, most of the effective antidepressant agents suppress REM sleep. Furthermore, manipulations of the sleep-wake cycle, like sleep deprivation or a phase advance of the sleep period, alleviate depressive symptoms. These data indicate a strong bi-directional relationship between sleep, sleep alterations and depression. Copyright © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V.
Medications and other biological treatments$$$ Background: The Canadian Psychiatric Association and the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments partnered to produce clinical guidelines for psychiatrists for the treatment of depressive disorders. Methods: A standard guidelines development process was followed. Relevant literature was identified using a computerized Medline search supplemented by review of bibliographies. Operational criteria were used to rate the quality of scientific evidence, and the line of treatment recommendations included consensus clinical opinion. This section, "Medications and Other Biological Treatments," is 1 of 7 articles that were drafted and reviewed by clinicians. Revised drafts underwent national and international expert peer review. Results: Evidence-based recommendations are presented for 1) choosing an antidepressant, based on efficacy, tolerability, and safety; 2) the optimal use of antidepressants, including augmentation, combination, and switching strategies; 3) maintenance treatment; and 4) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), light therapy, and additional somatic treatments. Evidence from metaanalyses is presented first, followed by conclusions from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and, if appropriate, open-label data. Conclusions: There is significant evidence to support the role of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), novel agents, and classic agents in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). There is also evidence to support the use of somatic treatments, including ECT and light therapy, for some patients with MDD. There is limited evidence for the use of specific medications to treat subtypes of MDD. There is emerging evidence to support augmentation and combination strategies for patients previously nonresponsive to medication.
Right prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in obsessive-compulsive disorder: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ Objective: The efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the right prefrontal cortex for patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) was studied under double-blind, placebo-controlled conditions. Method: Patients were randomly assigned to 18 sessions of real (N=10) or sham (N=8) rTMS. Treatments lasted 20 minutes, and the frequency was 1 Hz for both conditions, but the intensity was 110% of motor threshold for real rTMS and 20% for the sham condition. Results: No significant changes in OCD were detected in either group after treatment. Two patients who received real rTMS, with checking compulsions, and one receiving sham treatment, with sexual/religious obsessions, were considered responders. Conclusions: Low-frequency rTMS of the right prefrontal cortex failed to produce significant improvement of OCD and was not significantly different from sham treatment. Further studies are indicated to assess the efficacy of rTMS in OCD and to clarify the optimal stimulation characteristics.
Vagus nerve stimulation in depression$$$ Ever since the introduction of chemical and electrical convulsive treatment for psychiatric disorders in the 1930s and 1940s, biological techniques have been used extensively in the amelioration of a variety of psychiatric disorders. Techniques of recent vintage have included transcranial magnetic stimulation, deep brain stimulation and vagus nerve stimulation (VNS). Since VNS attenuates seizures in animal models, the treatment was initially developed and approved by the FDA for treatment of drug-resistant partial-onset epilepsy. Additional data, including the known neuroanatomy of the vagus nerve, effects of VNS on monoamines and mood improvement in patients with epilepsy who were treated with VNS, provided a rationale for further investigation in patients with primary mood disorders. VNS has been administered acutely for 10 weeks to 60 patients with treatment-resistant depression. Longer-term follow-up data has been analysed for the first 30 patients. Response rates have been at least 30% in the acute study. Similar to findings in epilepsy and in contrast to the usual results of long-term medication trials, longer term data regarding symptomatic and functional outcomes of depressed patients receiving VNS continue to look promising. As opposed to electroconvulsive therapy, VNS is not associated with cognitive impairment. These results have led to approval of VNS for the treatment of resistant depression (unipolar or bipolar) in both Europe and Canada. Currently, a pivotal double-blind acute study is underway in the US.
Preparation and characterization of two-phase melt systems of lidocaine$$$ The melting point of lidocaine was significantly lowered when mixed with thymol and/or aqueous ethanol. Mixtures of lidocaine and thymol at ratios within the range of 30:70-70:30 (w:w) became homogeneous oils at 25°C. In a pH 9.2 carbonate buffer containing 25% ethanol, lidocaine (5%, w:w) also liquefied at 25°C. The studies led to the development of novel two-phase melt systems of lidocaine (TMS) which consisted of a highly concentrated oil phase of lidocaine and an alcoholic aqueous phase. A compositional phase diagram showed that in aqueous dispersions of lidocaine, concurrent use of thymol and ethanol depressed the melting point of lidocaine more effectively than when they were used individually. Both thymol and aqueous ethanol were necessary as melting point depressing agents to achieve the highest possible lidocaine concentration of 87% (w:w) in the oil phase of a TMS at 25°C. Containing an internal oil phase and an external aqueous phase at ambient temperature, such a TMS can be readily formulated into topical O/W cream after addition of proper surfactants and thickening agents. In an anesthetic activity test using mouse tail-flick model, a 5% lidocaine cream prepared was highly effective as shown by the prolonged latency time of the mice to a heat stimulus as compared with a placebo (P < 0.05). © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V.
Acute mood and thyroid stimulating hormone effects of transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has recently been demonstrated to have antidepressant effects. Some work suggests that rTMS over prefrontal cortex administered to healthy individuals produces acute elevations of mood and serum thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH). We sought to determine whether single rTMS sessions would produce acute mood and serum TSH elevations in subjects with major depressions. Methods: Under double-blind conditions et al 14 medication-free subjects with major depression received individual sessions of either active or sham rTMS. rTMS was administered over the left prefrontal cortex at 10 Hz et al 100% of motor threshold, 20 trains over 10 min. Immediately before and after rTMS sessions, subjects' mood was rated with the Profile of Mood States (POMS) and the 6-Item Hamilton Depression Scale, and blood was drawn for later analysis of TSH. Subjects and raters were blind to treatment assignment. Results: The group receiving active stimulation manifested significantly greater improvement on the POMS subscale of Depression (p ≤ .0055) and a trend toward greater improvement on the modified Hamilton Rating (.05 < p ≤ .1). No hypomania was induced. The change in TSH from pre- to post-rTMS was significantly different between active and sham sessions. Conclusions: This blinded, placebo-controlled trial documents that individual rTMS sessions can acutely elevate mood and stimulate TSH release in patients experiencing major depressive episodes. © 2001 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Is electroconvulsive therapy effective for the depressed patient with comorbid borderline personality disorder?$$$ Among the more common current indications for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is treatment-resistant depression. Treatment resistance is correlated with a number of factors, including the presence of comorbid personality disorders, such as borderline personality disorder (BPD). A detailed review of the literature was undertaken and very few reports or studies have dealt specifically with ECT in borderline patients. Thirteen original reports on ECT outcome in personality disordered patients were identified. Depressed patients with a personality disorder, particularly BPD, may have a poorer outcome on some measures. However, the available data suggests that depression in these patients can be effectively treated with ECT. The depressed, borderline patient appears to have two distinct disorders, one which is responsive to ECT and the other which is not. Unfortunately, the literature is limited by lack of figorous randomized treatment studies, lack of long-term follow-up, and other methodological weaknesses. Clinical guidelines are suggested.
Characteristics of responders and nonresponders to brief-pulse right unilateral ECT in a controlled clinical trial$$$ In a double-blind, randomized controlled study of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with major depression, 7 of the 17 patients allocated to the right unilateral group failed to respond to treatment. The nonresponders were subsequently openly treated with bitemporal treatment, which produced an acceptable outcome in these cases of right unilateral treatment failure. This paper describes the clinical outcome, electrophysiological characteristics (impedence, estimated seizure threshold, and change in threshold), and the degree to which stimuli exceeded threshold in the responder and nonresponder groups. Responders had lower seizure thresholds anal longer seizures than nonresponders. In comparison with nonresponders, responders showed trends toward greater impedance and treatment at a somewhat greater degree above threshold during the first few treatments. Threshold change with treatment was found not to be related to clinical outcome. Early identification of patients likely to respond to low-dose right unilateral ECT, together with the avoidance of benzodiazepine prescription during ECT, may permit many patients to receive low-dose right unilateral ECT successfully and with a minimum of cognitive impairment.
Coadministration of melatonin and fluoxetine does not improve the 3-month outcome following ECT$$$ At least 50% of patients with manic depressive disorder (MDD) treated successfully with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) will experience a relapse within the first year of follow-up. Sleep disturbances are very common in MDD and may constitute forerunners of relapse. In this study we tested the hypothesis that melatonin, a sleep-promoting hormone, would decrease the 3-month relapse rate after successful ECT. We included in the study patients with MDD successfully treated with ECT (post-ECT Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression [HRSD] ≤ 10). Patients were blindly randomized to two groups, one receiving fluoxetine + placebo and one receiving fluoxetine + melatonin. Assessments (HRSD, Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale, Global Assessment of Function Scale, Global Depression Scale, Pittsburgh Sleep Quality Index, Mini-Mental State Exam, and pill count) were performed for 12 weeks after ECT. Ten of the 35 patients (28.5%) relapsed during the follow-up period. Relapse rates were similar in both groups of patients. Sleep reports were not improved by melatonin. Patients who achieved a higher functional state post-ECT relapsed less often. We conclude that the addition of melatonin to on-going fluoxetine treatment did not have a beneficial effect either on the 3-month outcome post-ECT or on the sleep reports of these patients.
Practitioner review: The treatment of bipolar disorder in children and adolescents$$$ This paper reviews the presentation, clinical features, and management of early-onset bipolar disorder. A framework for the treatment is based upon a systematic, critical appraisal of the available literature. A multimodal approach is emphasised using individual and family psychoeducational interventions in conjunction with pharmacotherapy. The role of mood stabilisers - lithium - and the anticonvulsants - sodium valproate and carbamazepine - is reviewed, alongside the treatments for depression in bipolar disorder and refractory mania.
ECT in bipolar and unipolar depression: Differences in speed of response$$$ Objectives: There is sparse evidence for differences in response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) between patients with bipolar or unipolar major depression, with virtually no information on speed of response. We contrasted a large sample of bipolar (BP) and unipolar (UP) depressed patients in likelihood and rapidity of clinical improvement with ECT. Methods: Over three double-blind treatment protocols, 228 patients met Research Diagnostic Criteria for UP (n = 162) or BP depression (n = 66). Other than lorazepam PRN (3 mg/day), patients were withdrawn from psychotropics prior to the ECT course and until after post-ECT assessments. Patients were randomized to ECT conditions that differed in electrode placement and stimulus intensity. Symptomatic change was evaluated at least twice weekly by a blinded evaluation team, which also determined treatment length. Results: Patients with BP and UP depression did not differ in rates of response or remission following the ECT course, or in response to unilateral or bilateral ECT. Degree of improvement in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores following completion of ECT was also comparable. However, BP patients received significantly fewer ECT treatments than UP patients, and this effect was especially marked among bipolar ECT responders. Both BP I and BP II patients showed especially rapid response to ECT. Conclusions: The BP/UP distinction had no predictive value in determining ECT outcome. In contrast, there was a large effect for BP patients to show more rapid clinical improvement and require fewer treatments than unipolar patients. The reasons for this difference are unknown, but could reflect a more rapid build up of anticonvulsant effects in BP patients.
Clinical guidelines for the treatment of depressive disorders. IV. Medications and other biological treatments.$$$ BACKGROUND: The Canadian Psychiatric Association and the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments partnered to produce clinical guidelines for psychiatrists for the treatment of depressive disorders. METHODS: A standard guidelines development process was followed. Relevant literature was identified using a computerized Medline search supplemented by review of bibliographies. Operational criteria were used to rate the quality of scientific evidence, and the line of treatment recommendations included consensus clinical opinion. This section, "Medications and Other Biological Treatments," is 1 of 7 articles that were drafted and reviewed by clinicians. Revised drafts underwent national and international expert peer review. RESULTS: Evidence-based recommendations are presented for 1) choosing an antidepressant, based on efficacy, tolerability, and safety; 2) the optimal use of antidepressants, including augmentation, combination, and switching strategies; 3) maintenance treatment; and 4) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), light therapy, and additional somatic treatments. Evidence from metaanalyses is presented first, followed by conclusions from randomized controlled trials (RCTs) and, if appropriate, open-label data. CONCLUSIONS: There is significant evidence to support the role of selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), novel agents, and classic agents in the treatment of major depressive disorder (MDD). There is also evidence to support the use of somatic treatments, including ECT and light therapy, for some patients with MDD. There is limited evidence for the use of specific medications to treat subtypes of MDD. There is emerging evidence to support augmentation and combination strategies for patients previously nonresponsive to medication.
SPECT mapping of cerebral activity changes induced by repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depressed patients. A pilot study$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is being investigated as an alternative treatment for depression. However, little is known about the clinical role and the neurophysiological mechanisms of the action of rTMS in these patients. In this study, 99mTc-HMPAO single photon emission computed tomography (SPECT) was used to map the effects of left dorsolateral prefrontal rTMS on prefrontal activity in seven patients who met DSM-IV criteria for major depression resistant to pharmacological treatment. rTMS consisted of 30 trains of 2-s duration stimuli (20 Hz, 90% of motor threshold), separated by 30-s pauses. Each patient underwent three SPECTs: at baseline; during the first rTMS; and 1 week after 10 daily sessions of rTMS. Regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) of each cerebral region was normalized to the rCBF value in the cerebellum and relative changes in normalized rCBF were addressed using a region-of-interest analysis. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) was used for clinical evaluation before and after rTMS. A significant rCBF increase after the 10 sessions of rTMS was found in the left prefrontal region (MANOVA F = 5.29, d.f. = 2,10, P = 0.027), but no significant rCBF changes were found during the first rTMS session. The remaining cerebral regions showed no significant rCBF changes at any time. Only two patients showed a clinical improvement after rTMS, with 50% reduction of the initial HDRS score. The study was repeated under placebo conditions (identical design but addressing coil discharges to the air) in these two patients, who failed to show any rCBF increase during sham-rTMS. No relationship was found between the percentage of left prefrontal rCBF change and the clinical findings. In conclusion, rTMS of the left prefrontal cortex induces a significant rCBF increase in this region, despite the limited clinical effect in our sample of depressed patients. Cerebral perfusion SPECT is a useful tool to map cerebral activity changes induced by rTMS. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Bipolar disorders: New approaches to therapy$$$ This article reviews the evidence supporting different somatic treatment strategies in the acute and maintenance treatment phases of bipolar disorder. Bipolar affective disorder is a chronic disorder with a life time incidence of 0.3 - 1.5/100 [1]. Severe affective disorder is associated with a risk of completed suicide of 6 - 15% [2,3]. Traditionally, bipolar disorder has been considered as an episodic disorder with good inter-episode recovery [4]. This is being increasingly challenged with patients demonstrating social, marital, occupational and cognitive dysfunction, even when euthymic [5]. The management of bipolar disorder should be considered in the context of; the type of episode, this may be manic, depressed or mixed; the degree and rate of recovery; the cycling frequency and precipitant, if any, for recurrence and the onset and evolution of the underlying illness. On average, four episodes occur every 10 years. However 13 - 24% of patients develop rapid cycling disorder, in which four or more episodes occur within a year. Patients with bipolar disorder often have co-morbid anxiety and substance abuse. Moreover, axis I co-morbidity may be associated with an earlier age at onset and worsening course of bipolar illness. [6]. Axis II co-morbidity is also common, this was highlighted in a study by Kay and colleagues who, after excluding patients with a history of alcohol misuse, demonstrated axis II co-morbidity in almost a quarter of euthymic bipolar patients [7]. Good practice relies on an overall management plan that incorporates somatic, psychological and social approaches. This paper will focus on one element of such a plan, the currently available somatic management strategies for bipolar disorder.
Mechanisms influencing stimulus-response properties of the human corticospinal system$$$ Background: Stimulus-response (S-R) properties of the corticospinal system in humans depend on the interactions that take place at different sites along the corticospinal pathway. The mechanisms influencing stimulus-response curves elicited by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) and their operation site along the human neuraxis are poorly understood. In this study, we investigated the effects of CNS-active drugs with distinct mechanisms of action on S-R curves. Effects of each of these drugs on S-R curves would point to the involvement of specific mechanisms. Additionally, relative sensitivity of S-R curves compared with other measures of corticospinal excitability was studied. Methods: We studied the effects of lorazepam, which is a positive allosteric modulator of GABAA receptors; lamotrigine, an inhibitor of voltage-gated Na+ and Ca2+ channels; and D-amphetamine, an indirect agonist of the dopaminergic-adrenergic system on S-R curves, motor thresholds (MT), and intracortical inhibition (ICI) and facilitation (ICF) with a double-pulse technique. Maximum peripheral M responses and F waves were investigated as measures of the total α-motoneuron pool and its excitability. Results: F and M waves were unaffected by either the drugs or placebo. S-R curves were significantly depressed by lorazepam and lamotrigine without changes in ICI and ICF. Both S-R curves and ICF were enhanced by D-amphetamine. MT increased only with lamotrigine. Conclusions: S-R curves were influenced by changes in the GABAergic and monoaminergic system and Na+ and Ca2+ channel properties. Our results indicate that, out of different parameters of motor system excitability, S-R curves were the most sensitive. © 2001 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation: No effect on mood with single pulse during learned helplessness$$$ 1. Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (TMS) is suggested to be an effective tool in the treatment of depression. However, the methodology most suitable for clinical application remains unclear. 2. The effect of TMS was tested in a double-blind and placebo-controlled setting on 18 healthy subjects. At the same time an established learned helplessness paradigm was applied to induce dysphoria, which consisted of unsolvable anagrams. 3. Sixty 0.5 Hz stimuli were administered at an intensity of 130% of the subject's motor threshold after the subjects were exposed to the learned helplessness situation. Using a vertically positioned coil, the stimuli were applied to the right or to the left frontal cortex, or on the occipital cortex as a placebo condition. 4. Although dysphoria was successfully induced by unsolvable anagrams, TMS on either of the two frontal locations did not influence mood. This lack of effect may be due to the stimulation characteristics employed here (low TMS intensity, and low frequency). On the other hand, the findings may reflect the neurobiological difference between experimentally induced sad mood and clinical depression.
Modest adjunctive benefit with transcranial magnetic stimulation in medication-resistant depression$$$ Background: Controverted results have been obtained using high frequency transcranial magnetic stimulation (HF-rTMS) as an antidepressant treatment. Method: Forty patients suffering from drug-resistant major depression received ten sessions of HF-rTMS at 90% of the motor threshold on the left prefrontal cortex or sham stimulation, added to their pharmacological treatment, in a randomized double-blind design. In a second open phase, patients still fulfilling criteria of inclusion received ten additional sessions of HF-rTMS at 90 or 110%. Results: Real, but not sham HF-rTMS, was associated with a significant decrease in the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, but only twelve patients decreased more than 50%. Conclusions: Left prefrontal HF-rTMS was effectively associated with antidepressant treatment, although the size effect was small. Limitations: Shortage of the sample and control difficulties of the placebo effect. Clinical relevance: Questionable in more than half of the patients studied. © 2001 Elsevier Science B.V.
Treating depression in old age: The reasons to be positive$$$ Depression affects 10-15% of people over 65 living at home in the United Kingdom. It is the commonest and the most reversible mental health problem in old age. Depression is associated with physical illness and disability, life events, social isolation and loneliness. Depression in old age carries an increased risk of suicide and natural mortality. Recognition and simple intervention can reduce morbidity, demand on health and social services and the cost of community care. Despite a favourable response to treatment, depression remains largely undetected and untreated.
Voluntary motor function in patients with chronic fatigue syndrome$$$ Introduction: The pathogenesis of chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS) remains unknown. In particular, little is known of the involvement of the motor cortex and corticospinal system. Methods: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) was used to assess corticospinal function in terms of latency and threshold of motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) in thenar muscles. Reaction times and speed of movement were assessed using button presses in response to auditory tones. Results: Patients had higher (P < .05) self-assessed indices of fatigue (7/10) than for pain (5/10), anxiety (4/10) or depression (3/10). Mean (±S.E.M.) simple reaction times (SRTs) were longer (P < .05) in the patients (275 ± 19 ms) than in the controls (219 ± 9 ms); choice reaction times (CRTs) were not significantly longer in the patients. Movement times, once a reaction task had been initiated, were longer (P < .05) in the patients in both SRTs (patients, 248 ± 13 ms; controls, 174 ± 9 ms) and CRTs (patients, 269 ± 13 ms; controls, 206 ± 12 ms). There was no difference (P > .05) in threshold or latency of MEPs in hand muscles between the patients (threshold, 54.5 ± 2.2% maximum stimulator output [% MSO]; latency 22 ± 0.3 ms) and controls (threshold 54.6 ± 3.6% MSO; latency 22.9 ± 0.5 ms). Regression analysis showed no correlation (P > .05) of SRTs with either threshold for MEPs or fatigue index. Conclusion: Corticospinal conduction times and excitability were within the normal range despite a slower performance time for motor tasks and an increased feeling of fatigue. This suggests that the feeling of fatigue and the slowness of movement seen in CFS are manifest outside the corticospinal system. © 2001 Elsevier Science Inc. All rights reserved.
Expert consensus guidelines for the medication treatment of bipolar disorder: A new treatment tool$$$ What tools can clinicians use in making clinical treatment decisions for patients with bipolar disorder when empirical data are limited or lacking? Many new treatments for bipolar disorder have been reported over the last decade. However, the evidence for these treatments varies widely and is especially limited regarding comparisons among treatments and how to sequence them. To bridge the gap between the research evidence and key clinical decisions, a written survey of expert opinion was recently undertaken. The survey, which was completed by 58 (89%) of the 65 national experts to whom it was sent, asked about 1,276 psychopharmacologic treatment options in 48 specific clinical situations. The options, which were scored using a modified version of the RAND Corporation's 9-point scale for rating appropriateness of medical decisions, were assigned one of three categorical rankings-first line/preferred, second line/alternate, or third line/usually inappropriate-based on the confidence interval of each item's mean rating. Treatment guidelines were then developed based on the experts' recommendations. The experts reached high levels of consensus on key steps in treating bipolar disorder despite obvious gaps in high-quality data. The guidelines include the following key recommendations: Use a mood stabilizer in all phases of treatment. When an antipsychotic is needed, atypicals are generally preferred over conventionals for initial treatment. Mild depression should be treated with mood stabilizer monotherapy initially, whereas severe depression should be treated from the start with an antidepressant plus a mood stabilizer. Either mania or depression with rapid cycling should be treated initially with a mood stabilizer alone. Within the limits of expert opinion and with the understanding that new research data may take precedence, these guidelines provide clear pathways for addressing common clinical questions in a manner that can be used to inform clinicians and educate patients regarding the relative merits of a variety of interventions.
Nicardipine improves the antidepressant action of ECT but does not improve cognition$$$ Introduction: Cognitive impairment, the most important adverse effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), may involve elevated intracellular calcium ion signaling. Animal research suggests that calcium channel-blocking agents, which attenuate excessive intracellular calcium activity, may reduce cognitive dysfunction caused by ECT. Method: The lipid-soluble calcium channel-blocking drug nicardipine or matching placebo were randomly assigned to 26 patients with major depressive disorder receiving ECT. A rater blind to the experimental condition administered the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale, the Beck Depression Inventory, the Mini-Mental State Examination and a comprehensive battery of neuropsychological tests prior to ECT, at the completion of ECT, and 6 months after ECT completion. Results: Compared with patients receiving placebo, patients taking nicardipine had significantly lower scores on the Hamilton and Montgomery-Asberg but not the Beck Depression rating scale scores at the completion of ECT. There were no differences between placebo and nicardipine groups in depression scores 6 months after ECT. Cognitive function declined over the course of ECT and improved over the next 6 months in both groups, but changes were statistically significant for only two subtests on the neuropsychological battery. Changes in Mini-Mental State Examination scores were small and were not significant at any point. There were no significant differences between nicardipine and placebo treated groups in any assessment of cognition. Discussion: Standard approaches to ECT in younger patients without preexisting neurological impairment do not produce cognitive side effects of sufficient severity for calcium channel-blocking agents to reduce these side effects demonstrably. Studies of treatments for cognitive impairment should be conducted in patients with risk factors for more severe cognitive impairment such as geriatric patients or patients with a history of interictal delirium during previous treatment with ECT. A possible effect of nicardipine in enhancing the antidepressant action of ECT requires further investigation in a study designed to test this action.
Effects of a 2- to 4-week course of repetitive Transcranial Magnetic Stimulation (rTMS) on neuropsychologic functioning, electroencephalogram, and auditory threshold in depressed patients$$$ Background: The safety of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has only previously been formally studied in volunteers receiving a single session of stimulation or in a small number of depressed subjects receiving a 2-week treatment course. This study examined safety issues in depressed subjects receiving up to 4 weeks of rTMS. Efficacy results from this study have been previously reported. Methods: Eighteen subjects with DSM-IV major depression participated in a 2-week, parallel, double-blind, sham-controlled study of rTMS treatment. Twelve subjects then went on to receive 4 weeks active rTMS in an open follow-up. We examined the effects of rTMS on neuropsychologic function (up to 4 weeks), auditory threshold (up to 6 weeks exposure to rTMS noise), and an electroencephalogram (after 2 weeks). Data were analyzed by repeated measures analysis. Results: There were trends for improvement in neuropsychologic performance, probably due to practice effects. No mean changes in auditory threshold occurred, but two patients showed mild high-frequency hearing loss after several weeks of rTMS. Electroencephalograms in two patients, one of whom had sham stimulation, showed minor abnormality. Conclusions: No significant mean deficits were demonstrated in this cohort. Overall, rTMS for up to 4 weeks is safe, but individual results suggest caution and the need for further investigation of the safety of several weeks of rTMS. © 2001 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Psychotherapy for bipolar depression: A phase-specific treatment strategy?$$$ Objectives: The depressive phase of bipolar disorder is particularly difficult to treat. Pharmacologic strategies for bipolar depression are often inadequate. We therefore review the literature on the role of psychotherapy as an adjunct to medication in the treatment of bipolar depression. Methods: With one exception, there are no descriptions of psychotherapies employed specifically for the treatment of bipolar depression. We therefore reviewed published reports of psychotherapy for bipolar disorder in general and extracted from these reports relevant data or impressions about the specific effects of the therapies on the depressive phase of the disorder. Results: Described psychosocial approaches to bipolar disorder include psychoeducation, group therapy, cognitive-behavioral therapy, couples therapy, family therapy, and interpersonal psychotherapy. Only cognitive-behavioral therapy has been tested in a pilot study for the treatment of bipolar depression specifically. Results from randomized controlled trials of family therapy and interpersonal and social rhythm therapy suggest that these treatments may be more efficacious in the treatment and prevention of depression relative to mania. Conclusions: A limited number of well-designed studies and preponderance of case reports limit definitive conclusions about the role of psychotherapy in the treatment of bipolar depression. However, converging reports suggest that cognitive-behavioral therapy, family therapy, and interpersonal and social rhythm therapy may be particularly useful for bipolar depression. We propose a novel approach to the treatment of bipolar disorder that includes the use of phase-specific sequenced psychotherapies delivered in variable patterns and linked to fluctuating mood states.
Continuation pharmacotherapy in the prevention of relapse following electroconvulsive therapy: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Context: Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is highly effective for treatment of major depression, but naturalistic studies show a high rate of relapse after discontinuation of ECT. Objective: To determine the efficacy of continuation pharmacotherapy with nortriptyline hydrochloride or combination nortriptyline and lithium carbonate in preventing post-ECT relapse. Design: Randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial conducted from 1993 to 1998, stratified by medication resistance or presence of psychotic depression in the index episode. Setting: Two university-based hospitals and 1 private psychiatric hospital. Patients: Of 290 patients with unipolar major depression recruited through clinical referral who completed an open ECT treatment phase, 159 patients met remitter criteria; 84 remitting patients were eligible and agreed to participate in the continuation study. Interventions: Patients were randomly assigned to receive continuation treatment for 24 weeks with placebo (n=29), nortriptyline (target steady-state level, 75-125 ng/mL) (n=27), or combination nortriptyline and lithium (target steady-state level, 0.5-0.9 mEq/L) (n=28). Main Outcome Measure: Relapse of major depressive episode, compared among the 3 continuation groups. Results: Nortriptyline-lithium combination therapy had a marked advantage in time to relapse, superior to both placebo and nortriptyline alone. Over the 24-week trial, the relapse rate for placebo was 84% (95% confidence interval [Cl], 70%-99%); for nortriptyline, 60% (95% Cl, 41%-79%); and for nortriptyline-lithium, 39% (95% Cl, 19%-59%). All but 1 instance of relapse with nortriptyline-lithium occurred within 5 weeks of ECT termination, while relapse continued throughout treatment with placebo or nortriptyline alone. Medication-resistant patients, female patients, and those with more severe depressive symptoms following ECT had more rapid relapse. Conclusions: Our study indicates that without active treatment, virtually all remitted patients relapse within 6 months of stopping ECT. Monotherapy with nortriptyline has limited efficacy. The combination of nortriptyline and lithium is more effective, but the relapse rate is still high, particularly during the first month of continuation therapy.
The selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor sertraline: Its profile and use in psychiatric disorders$$$ The napthylamine derivative sertraline is a potent and selective inhibitor of serotonin reuptake into presynaptic terminals. Sertraline has a linear pharmacokinetic profile and a half-life of about 26 h. Its major metabolite, desmethylsertraline does not appear to inhibit serotonin reuptake. Sertraline mildly inhibits the CYP2D6 isoform of the cytochrome P450 system but has little effect on CYP1A2, CYP3A3/4, CYP2Cg, or CYP2C19. It is, however, highly protein bound and may alter blood levels of other highly protein bound agents. Sertraline is a widely used serotonin reuptake inhibitor that has been shown to have both antidepressant and antianxiety effects. Many clinical trials have demonstrated its efficacy in depression compared with both placebo and other antidepressant drugs. Its efficacy has also been demonstrated in randomized, controlled trials of patients with obsessive-compulsive disorder, panic disorder, social phobia, and premenstrual dysphoric disorder. In short-term, open-label studies it has appeared efficacious and tolerable in children and adolescents and in the elderly, and data are positive for its use in pregnant or lactating women. Typical side effects include gastrointestinal and central nervous system effects as well as treatment-emergent sexual dysfunction; withdrawal reactions may be associated with abrupt discontinuation of the agent. The safety profile of sertraline in overdose is very favorable. Sertraline's efficacy for both mood and anxiety disorders, relatively weak effect on the cytochrome P450 system, and tolerability profile and safety in overdose are factors that contribute to make it a first-line agent for treatment in both primary and tertiary care settings.
Modulation of practice-dependent plasticity in human motor cortex$$$ Motor practice may lead to expansion of trained representations in the motor cortex, but it is unknown whether this practice-dependent plasticity can be purposefully enhanced or depressed. Evidence, mainly based on animal experiments, indicates that the activity of GABA-related cortical inhibition is important in controlling the extent to which plasticity may occur. We tested the role of GABA in modulating practice-dependent plasticity in the human motor cortex. A decrease in GABA-related cortical inhibition was achieved by ischaemic nerve block (INB) in the hand by deafferentation/deefferentation and an increase was achieved by administration of the GABAA receptor agonist lorazepam. In Experiment 1, healthy subjects performed motor practice (MP), consisting of repeated ballistic contractions of the biceps muscle in the absence (MP alone) or presence of INB (MP+INB). Changes in the biceps motor cortex representation were assessed by transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS). MP+INB resulted in a dramatic increase in the size of the motor evoked potential (MEP) and in paired-pulse excitability compared with mild or no changes in the MP-alone and INB-alone conditions. In Experiment 2, this dramatic increase in biceps representation induced by MP+INB was replicated when subjects were pretreated with placebo, but this increase was prevented or even switched to a decrease when subjects were pretreated with lorazepam. These findings indicate that a decrease in GABA-related inhibition facilitates practice-dependent plasticity in the human motor cortex, whereas an increase depresses it. In Experiment 3, practice-dependent plasticity (assessed by TMS, as in the first two experiments) was also tested at the behavioural level. The dramatic increase in biceps MEP size induced by MP+INB was paralleled by an increase in peak acceleration of the fastest elbow flexion movements. Similarly, the lack of change in MEP size in the MP-alone condition was paralleled by a lack of change in peak acceleration. We propose that changes in GABA activity may be instrumented to modulate plasticity purposefully; for instance, to enhance plastic change and recovery of function after a lesion in neurological patients.
Treatment options for depression and psychosis in Parkinson's disease$$$ Neuropsychiatric symptoms are a frequent feature of advancing Parkinson's disease (PD). The reported prevalence of depression varies greatly between different studies but there is general consensus that between 40 and 50% of patients will be affected. Depression may antedate motor manifestations of Parkinson's disease and is usually of moderate or mild intensity. However, depression is of major impact on the quality of life in PD patients according to a recent survey. Drug-induced psychosis is one of the major therapeutic challenges in Parkinson's disease and may occur in up to 6% in otherwise uncomplicated de novo patients when first receiving dopaminergic therapy. It increases in frequency, in advanced disease and particularly in patients with dementia where up to 22% may be affected. There is an amazing lack of controlled clinical trials assessing the effects of antidepressants in clinical trials including more than 20 patients and assessing efficacy of antidepressants specifically in the context of mood changes in Parkinson's disease. A comprehensive literature search yielded only a total of 17 articles of which a majority included less than 20 patients and/or did not use valid depression ratings. The only randomized controlled trial was conducted more than 20 years ago using nortryptiline while no controlled trials were available on the use of serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Studies assessing the antidepressant action of dopaminergic therapies are few and inconclusive. Thus, while tricyclic antidepressants or SSRIs are widely used in clinical practice, there is still a need for controlled clinical trials proving their efficacy specifically in parkinsonian depression. Three randomized controlled trials are now available assessing the efficacy of the atypical neuroleptics clozapine and olanzapine in the treatment of drug-induced psychosis. While clozapine is of proven efficacy at least in the short-term management of this complication without negative impact on the motor symptoms, olanzapine in currently used doses of 2.5 to 15 mg/d seems to aggravate motor symptoms with lesser effect on psychosis compared to clozapine. Currently, clozapine is the atypical neuroleptic of choice for the treatment of drug-induced psychosis in Parkinson's disease.
Continuation treatment of delusional depression in older adults$$$ Delusional depression responds poorly to acute antidepressant monotherapy but appears to respond to intensive combination pharmacotherapy, however, with poor short-term outcomes after initial improvement, particularly in later life. The authors compared the efficacy and safety of continuation combination therapy to monotherapy among older patients after remission from a delusional depression. Twenty-nine older adults with SCID-diagnosed major depression with delusions received continuation treatment with nortriptyline-plus-perphenazine or nortriptyline-plus-placebo under randomized double-blind conditions after achieving remission after ECT. Of the 28 subjects included in efficacy analyses, 25% suffered relapses. The relapse frequency was nonsignificantly greater in combination therapy than in monotherapy subjects. However, combination subjects had significantly more extrapyramidal symptoms, an increased incidence of tardive dyskinesia, and a greater number of falls. Continuation treatment with a conventional antipsychotic does not decrease relapse rates but is associated with significant untoward adverse events in older persons after recovery from a delusional depression.
Depression in women across the life cycle$$$ Several depressive disorders are unique to women, affecting them at various points in their life cycle. These disorders include premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD), pregnancy-associated depressive disorders, and perimenopausal affective disorders. Recently, the importance of the relationship between depression and the reproductive cycle has been highlighted due to the approval of medications to treat (PMDD). The role of gender difference in the prevalence of depressive disorders has long been recognized. This article will examine whether there are differences between men and women in the clinical presentation of depression, including differences in symptom manifestation, course of illness, comorbidities, and treatment. Systematic evaluation of the role of hormonal and neuroendocrine factors may lead to more appropriate treatment of depressive disorders in women.
Management of depression in patients with comorbid cardiovascular disease$$$ Evidence suggests that depression commonly occurs in patients with cardiovascular disease and is associated with a poor prognosis including increased risk of cardiac mortality. Proposed pathophysiologic mechanisms include decreased heart rate variability, altered sympathetic and parasympathetic activity, increased ventricular instability, and abnormal platelet reactivity. Other proposed mechanisms involve the interference of depression with medication adherence and cardiac risk factor reduction. Despite this evidence, depression during cardiovascular disease is commonly unrecognized and inadequately treated. Tricyclic antidepressants (TCA) are efficacious for treating depression in this population but cause serious cardiac side effects and should be avoided in patients with significant cardiovascular disease. More recent studies with bupropion and the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (fluoxetine, paroxetine, sertraline) indicate that they are acceptable alternatives to TCAs with regard to cardiac risk in depressed patients with heart disease, although larger studies are needed to validate their safety and efficacy in this special population. There are 3 studies currently being conducted to investigate the effect of antidepressant therapy and/or psychotherapy on cardiac morbidity and mortality in post-myocardial infarction patients with depression and/or low social support. These studies will hopefully answer the long-posed question of whether appropriate treatment of depression can improve cardiac prognosis.
Substitution of rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation treatments for electroconvulsive therapy treatments in a course of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Our aim was to determine whether rTMS treatments could be substituted for ECT treatments in a course of ECT, 1) without loss of antidepressant effect, and 2) without increase in subjective side-effects. We used a randomized, single-blind, controlled study. Two streams were conducted. Stream 1 received non-dominant unilateral (UL) ECT only, treatments being given 3 times per week for 2 weeks. Stream 2 received a combination of treatments: one UL ECT on Day 1 and rTMS on the following 4 days, all repeated once, after a 2-day respite. Twenty-two patients were recruited and 11 were allocated to each stream. There was no evidence that the antidepressant effect of the ECT only stream was superior to that of the ECT plus rTMS stream. There was no increase in subjective side-effects in the ECT plus rTMS stream. On the contrary, this stream was accompanied by legs side effects than the ECT only stream in this study. In conclusion, we have determined that it is possible to substitute rTMS treatments for ECT treatments in a course of ECT without loss of antidepressant effect or an increase in subjective side-effects, using the described parameters. It is possible that the combination of ECT plus rTMS will provide a means of avoiding some of the subjective side-effects encountered with the conventional course of ECT. Further studies are indicated. (C) 2000 Wiley-Liss, Inc.
Treatment of bipolar depression, a review of the literature and a suggestion for an algorithm$$$ A review of the methodology and results of 9 controlled studies on the acute treatment of bipolar depression and the risk of switches into (hypo)mania is presented. There are indications but no proof for efficacy of mood stabilizers such as lithium, carbamazepine and valproate. Only lamotrigine has been shown to be effective, with a relative low risk of switching. Several antidepressants appear effective as well, but again there is no (placebo-controlled) proof of their efficacy. The only exception is tranylcypromine which has been found to be more effective than imipramine. The switch ratio into (hypo)mania by tricyclic antidepressants seems to be higher than by several other antidepressants, especially the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors. In the acute treatment of bipolar depression, it is recommended to start with a mood stabilizer, and to add an antidepressant after 4-6 weeks in case of nonresponse. In severer cases, one might consider to start earlier with the combination of a mood stabilizer and an antidepressant, and in refractory patients, there is a place for tranylcypromine. In the maintenance treatment, there are indications that the combined treatment of a mood stabilizer (mostly lithium) and an antidepressant (TCA) is associated with an increased risk of switches into (hypo)mania, when compared to a mood stabilizer alone. Therefore, it is recommended to try whether a monotherapy with a mood stabilizer is effective, before combining it with an antidepressant. Copyright (C) 2000 S. Karger AG, Basel.
Opposite effects of high and low frequency rTMS on regional brain activity in depressed patients$$$ Background: High (10-20 Hz) and low frequency (1-5 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have been explored for possible therapeutic effects in the treatment of neuropsychiatric disorders. As part of a double-blind, placebo-controlled, crossover study evaluating the antidepressant effect of daily rTMS over the left prefrontal cortex, we evaluated changes in absolute regional cerebral blood flow (rCBF) after treatment with 1- and 20-Hz rTMS. Based on preclinical data, we postulated that high frequency rTMS would increase and low frequency rTMS would decrease flow in frontal and related subcortical circuits. Methods: Ten medication-free, adult patients with major depression (eight unipolar and two bipolar) were serially imaged using 15O water and positron emission tomography to measure rCBF. Each patient was scanned at baseline and 72 hours after 10 daily treatments with 20-Hz rTMS and 10 daily treatments with 1 Hz RTMS given in a randomized order. TMS was administered over the left prefrontal cortex at 100% of motor threshold (MT). Significant changes in rCBF from pretreatment baseline were determined by paired t test. Results: Twenty-hertz rTMS over the left prefrontal cortex was associated only with increases in rCBF. Significant increases in rCBF across the group of all 10 patients were located in the prefrontal cortex (L > R), the cingulate gyrus (L ≫ R), and the left amygdala, as well as bilateral insula, basal ganglia, uncus, hippocampus, parahippocampus, thalamus, and cerebellum. In contrast, 1-Hz rTMS was associated only with decreases in rCBF. Significant decreases in flow were noted in small areas of the right prefrontal cortex, left medial temporal cortex, left basal ganglia, and left amygdala. The changes in mood following the two rTMS frequencies were inversely related (r = -.78, p < .005, n = 10) such that individuals who improved with one frequency worsened with the other. Conclusions: These data indicate that 2 weeks of daily 20-Hz rTMS over the left prefrontal cortex at 100% MT induce persistent increases in rCBF in bilateral frontal, limbic, and paralimbic regions implicated in depression, whereas 1-Hz rTMS produces more circumscribed decreases (including in the left amygdala). These data demonstrate frequency-dependent, opposite effects of high and low frequency rTMS on local and distant regional brain activity that may have important implications for clinical therapeutics in various neuropsychiatric disorders. © 2000 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Treatment options in the management of adolescent depression$$$ Treatment for depression in children and adolescents often requires pharmacotherapy with tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) or selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), followed by psychotherapy. Most studies have not found the TCAs to be more effective than placebo in the treatment of depression in children and adolescents. Initial reports, however, have found the SSRIs to be more effective and better tolerated. In the small proportion of children who have treatment-resistant depression, TCAs plus lithium, monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) may be useful. More studies on the treatment of depression in children and adolescents are needed, as adult data cannot simply be extrapolated. (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
Diagnosis and treatment of premenstrual dysphoric disorder: An update$$$ Premenstrual dysphoric disorder (PMDD) appears in the appendix of the DSM-IV under the heading 'depressive disorder not otherwise specified'. Yet, recently, a group of experts reached a consensus that PMDD is a distinct clinical entity with characteristic symptoms of irritability, anger, internal tension, dysphoria, and mood lahility. PMDD is the more severe form of premenstrual symptomatology, whereas premenstrual syndrome (PMS) is milder and more prevalent and both must be differentiated from premenstrual magnification/exacerbation of an underlying major psychiatric disorder or a medical condition. Accurate assessment and diagnosis of significant premenstrual symptomatology is paramount and can be influenced by subjective perception, retrospective versus prospective reporting, and cultural context. The serotonergic system, which is in a close reciprocal relationship with the gonadal hormones, has been identified as the mast plausible target for intervention. Results from randomized placebo-controlled trials in women with PMDD have clearly demonstrated that serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), with daily or intermittent dosing, have excellent efficacy and minimal adverse effects and should be considered first-line treatment. Luteal phase only SSRI administration may offer an attractive treatment option for a disorder that is itself intermittent. Hormonal interventions, in particular the suppression of ovulation will eliminate premenstrual symptomatology; however, the benefits-risk ratio of these approaches should he carefully evaluated with the patient. © 2000 Lippincon Williams and Wilkins.
Citalopram therapy for depression: A review of 10 years of european experience and data from U.S. clinical trials$$$ Background: This review summarizes and evaluates clinical experience with citalopram, the latest selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) to be approved for the treatment of depression in the United States. Data Sources: Published reports of randomized, double-blind, controlled clinical studies of citalopram were retrieved using a MEDLINE literature search. Search terms included citalopram, SSRI, TCA (tricylic antidepressant), depression, and clinical. For each study, data on antidepressant efficacy and adverse events were evaluated. Pharmacokinetic studies and case reports were reviewed to supplement the evaluation of citalopram's safety and tolerability. Data presented at major medical conferences and published in abstract form also were reviewed. Study Findings: Thirty randomized, double-blind, controlled studies of the antidepressant efficacy of citalopram were located and reviewed. In 11 studies, citalopram was compared with placebo (1 of these studies also included comparison with another SSRI). In 4 additional studies, the efficacy of citalopram in preventing depression relapse or recurrence was investigated. In another 11 studies (including 1 meta-analysis of published and unpublished trials), citalopram was compared with tricyclic and tetracyclic antidepressants. Finally, results are available from 4 studies in which citalopram was compared with other SSRIs. A placebo-controlled study of citalopram for the treatment of panic disorder was reviewed for data on long-term adverse events. Conclusion: Data published over the last decade suggest that citalopram is (1) superior to placebo in the treatment of depression, (2) has efficacy similar to that of the tricyclic and tetracyclic antidepressants and to other SSRIs, and (3) is safe and well tolerated in the therapeutic dose range of 20 to 60 mg/day. Distinct from some other agents in its class, citalopram exhibits linear pharmacokinetics and minimal drug interaction potential. These features make citalopram an attractive agent for the treatment of depression, especially among the elderly and patients with comorbid illness.
A review of randomized, controlled clinical trials in acute mania$$$ This review considers the evidence supporting the use of somatic therapies (medications and electroconvulsive therapy) in the treatment of acute mania associated with bipolar disorder. Data from randomized, controlled clinical trials have established the efficacy of lithium, divalproex sodium, and carbamazepine in the treatment of acute mania. The use of combinations of mood stabilizers in the treatment of acute mania has not been well examined in controlled trials. Conventional antipsychotics and some atypical antipsychotics are frequently used as initial or adjunctive treatment. Similarly, benzodiazepines are frequently used as adjunctive agents. Preliminary data suggest that some calcium channel blockers and several anticonvulsants, e.g., lamotrigine, gabapentin, and topiramate, may have therapeutic value in the treatment of acute mania. In contrast, electroconvulsive therapy is generally accepted as being highly effective despite the lack of controlled evidence. © 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
Pharmacotherapy of depression and mixed states in bipolar disorder$$$ The treatment of bipolar depression requires the resolution of depression and the establishment of mood stability. A basic problem is that the treatments used in treating bipolar depression were developed and proven effective for other disease states: antidepressants for unipolar depression, and mood stabilizers for mania. The panel addressed four unresolved questions regarding depression in relation to bipolar disorder: (1) the relative effectiveness of different antidepressant treatments; (2) the relative likelihood of mood destabilization with different antidepressant treatments; (3) the effectiveness and role of mood-stabilizing medicines as antidepressants; and (4) the optimal approach to mixed states. The selection of an antidepressant depends both on its relative lack of mania- or hypomania-provoking potential and on its effectiveness against bipolar depression. There is little definitive evidence distinguishing effectiveness of the major groups of antidepressive agents, so side-effect profiles and pharmacokinetics are major considerations. The underlying bipolar disorder should be treated with mood stabilizers started simultaneously with any antidepressive treatments. Lithium, divalproex sodium and carbamazepine have all been found to be helpful, to some extent, in treating bipolar depressive episodes as well as for long-term mood stabilization. There is little evidence for long-term benefits of antidepressive agents in bipolar disorder, and some evidence that they may destabilize the disorder. Therefore, in contrast to the long-term use of mood-stabilizers, antidepressant use is recommended on a temporary basis. The duration of antidepressant treatment is determined by past history in terms of liability for mood destabilization, and by the ability of the patient to tolerate gradual antidepressant discontinuation without return of depression. Mixed states, where symptoms of depression and mania coexist, are regarded as a predictor of relatively poor response to lithium, and divalproex has been found to be more effective. Carbamazepine may too be useful in mixed states. Most patients with mixed states in actual practice require combinations of mood stabilizers, though there is little controlled data regarding such co-prescription, especially from a long-term perspective. © 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
Maintenance therapies for classic and other forms of bipolar disorder$$$ The progressive, episodic and chronic nature of bipolar disorder dictates the need for lifelong pharmacological maintenance treatment in the majority of patients. Prophylaxis should be considered after a single episode of severe mania or after more than one episode of hypomania in bipolar II disorder, although some clinicians now consider an episode of either sufficient to warrant maintenance therapy. Lithium is efficacious as maintenance therapy, but is not as highly effective as early studies initially suggested (abrupt discontinuation of lithium probably increased placebo relapse figures). Rates of premature discontinuation of lithium are high. Divalproex sodium is used frequently in the USA and Canada for long-term treatment for bipolar disorder but an insufficient number of controlled trials have been published to assess adequately its role. Carbamazepine is also employed in maintenance treatment. Randomized studies indicate it is superior to placebo but somewhat less effective than lithium. Augmentation of any of these drugs with another mood stabilizer, an antipsychotic, or electroconvulsive therapy appears to be effective, although there are few controlled studies. Design issues that need consideration in order to achieve meaningful data are discussed. A severe manifestation of bipolar disorder is rapid cycling. It is often induced by antidepressants, although this association frequently goes unrecognized. Patients with a rapid cycling course of illness are difficult to treat effectively. Although rapid cycling is often associated with poor response to lithium, there have been no randomized, controlled treatment studies. Based on open studies and expert panel recommendations, the International Exchange on Bipolar Disorder (IEBD) recommended initial treatment with divalproex sodium, with subsequent addition of other mood stabilizers, antipsychotics or thyroid supplementation as necessary. Combination treatments are frequently required for optimal response in these patients. © 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
Prediction of the utility of a switch from unilateral to bilateral ECT in the elderly using treatment 2 ictal EEG indices.$$$ BACKGROUND: The choice of whether to administer nondominant unilateral (UL) or bilateral (BL) ECT remains controversial. METHODS: A study in which moderately suprathreshold UL nonresponders at treatment 6 were randomized to UL or BL ECT offered the opportunity to explore whether ictal EEG indices at treatment 2 might predict response to UL ECT, and also which UL ECT nonresponders are likely to respond to BL ECT. RESULTS: We found that less postictal suppression in response to the second UL ECT stimulus was predictive of a poorer subsequent therapeutic response to UL ECT, but of a better therapeutic response if switched to BL ECT. A multivariate ictal EEG model was developed that had a significant capacity to differentiate those who will respond to UL ECT versus those who will not respond to UL ECT, but who will be therapeutic responders when switched to BL ECT. CONCLUSIONS: This study raises the possibility that ictal EEG indices at treatment 2 may identify situations when UL ECT is physiologically and therapeutically inadequate, and when BL ECT is likely to be more effective. The determination of whether such predictive physiologic models are of clinical utility for the prediction of outcome awaits further study.
Administration of citalopram before ECT: seizure duration and hormone responses.$$$ From theoretical and clinical perspectives, it is important to know if selected serotonin-reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), often administered concurrently with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), modify seizure duration. In a study with a double-blind, cross-over design, the authors evaluated the effect of citalopram, the most selective SSRI available, on the length of electrically induced seizures and on hormone secretion during ECT. Ten depressed women were given either 20 mg citalopram or placebo orally 2 hours before the third and fourth ECT sessions. Seizure duration was assessed by the cuff technique and from electroencephalographic recordings, whereas blood for prolactin, thyrotropin, and cortisol assessment was sampled before ECT and 5, 10, 20, 30, 40, and 60 minutes after ECT. No adverse effects after the administration of citalopram were recorded. The length of seizures was not statistically different in the citalopram (29.3+/-8.4 seconds) and placebo sessions (28.2+/-9.4 seconds). Neither pre-ECT plasma hormone levels measured 2 hours after citalopram or placebo administration nor the patterns of ECT-induced hormone secretions differed between the two drug and placebo conditions. The lack of effect of citalopram on hormones in this study may be a result of possible deficiencies of the monoaminergic (i.e., serotoninergic) systems in depression. Although safety and efficacy issues were not fully addressed by coadministering citalopram for the long term and throughout the course of ECT, these findings support the view that challenges the typical clinical practice of discontinuing SSRIs before ECT.
Electrical dose and seizure threshold: relations to clinical outcome and cognitive effects in bifrontal, bitemporal, and right unilateral ECT.$$$ In patients allocated blindly and randomly to receive bitemporal, right unilateral, or bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy, seizure length, electrophysiologic characteristics (dynamic impedance, seizure threshold, and changes in threshold), and the degree of suprathreshold stimulation were recorded. The relations of these variables to clinical outcome and cognitive effects were determined. There were no differences in seizure length between groups, and there were no significant correlations between seizure length and any measure of clinical response. There were substantial differences between the groups in mean charge per treatment, with the right unilateral group receiving lower doses than either bilateral group. Convulsion time was inversely related to applied charge and the rate of increase in charge. There were no significant correlations between impedance, charge, energy, or rate of increase in charge on the one hand, and clinical improvement on the other. The increase in threshold during the course of treatment was not related to clinical change. Cognitive impairment was related to electrical dose only in the bifrontal group, which showed the least degree of treatment-induced intellectual dysfunction. Compared with bitemporal or right unilateral treatment, bifrontal electroconvulsive therapy yields the best ratio of benefits to side effects and should be given at threshold level to minimize cognitive loss.
Lack of significant changes on magnetic resonance scans before and after 2 weeks of daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation for depression.$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a new technology for exploring brain function. With this method, a small electromagnet is placed on the scalp; by activating and deactivating it, nerve cells in the underlying superficial cortex are depolarized. Several studies have found that prefrontal rTMS has potential efficacy in treating depression, and this technology, in addition to being a research tool, may soon play a role in psychiatric practice. Thus, establishing the safety of this technology is important and has been studied insufficiently. The authors performed T1-weighted three-dimensional volumetric magnetic resonance (MR) imaging on 22 depressed adults (15 active, 7 control) before and after they participated in a 2-week double-blinded, placebo-controlled trial of daily left prefrontal rTMS for the treatment of depression (a total of 16,000 stimuli). Seventeen patients also had paired T2-weighted scans. In a blinded manner, MR scans were qualitatively and quantitatively assessed for structural changes. No qualitative structural differences were observed before and after treatment. In addition, volumetric analysis of the prefrontal lobe showed no changes in the 2 weeks of the study. In conclusion, 10 days of daily prefrontal rTMS at these intensities and frequencies does not cause observable structural changes on MR scans in depressed adults.
Morphine-fluoxetine interactions in healthy volunteers: Analgesia and side effects$$$ The authors evaluated the ability of fluoxetine, a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI), to enhance the analgesic potency of morphine. Fifteen volunteers participated in this double-blind crossover study. All received combinations of morphine or saline with either fluoxetine 30 mg or placebo. The authors used individual morphine pharmacokinetics to program an infusion pump to achieve plasma morphine levels of 15, 30, and 60 ng/ml. Analgesia during morphine infusion was assessed using a model of electrical tooth stimulation. Subjective side effects, measurements of end-tidal CO2, O2 saturation, pupil size, and testing of psychomotor performance were obtained. Plasma morphine concentrations were not affected by fluoxetine. In comparison to placebo, oral fluoxetine resulted in less sedation during morphine infusion and less nausea during morphine washout. Morphine-induced pruritus, psychomotor function, and respiratory depression were unaffected by fluoxetine. Acute administration of 30 mg oral fluoxetine augmented analgesia by approximately 3% to 8% and reduced morphine-associated nausea, mood reduction, and drowsiness. (C) 2000 the American College of Clinical Pharmacology.
Disability pension for major depression in Finland$$$ Objective: The authors' goal was to investigate the treatment received before receipt of a disability pension for major depression in a representative sample of depressed patients. Method: The medical statements for a random sample of 277 subjects drawn from the Disability Pension Register of the Social Insurance Institution were examined. The subjects selected represented individuals in Finland who were granted a disability pension because of DSM-III-R major depression during a 12-month period in 1993-1994. Results: For 254 (92%) of the subjects, the statements regarding pension eligibility were written either by a psychiatrist or a psychiatric resident for patients who were currently being treated in psychiatric settings. There was an additional diagnosis of a comorbid mental disorder or a somatic disease contributing to disability in two-thirds of the statements. Overall, the statements indicated that 242 (87%) of the subjects were prescribed antidepressant medication, but only 24 (9%) received weekly psychotherapy, and only 11 (4%) received ECT. Conclusions: Most subjects granted a disability pension for major depression in Finland have comorbid mental or physical disorders contributing to their disability. Before receiving their pension, most received antidepressant treatment, but few received the established nonpharmacological treatments.
A controlled trial of daily left prefrontal cortex TMS for treating depression$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a new technology for noninvasively stimulating the brain. Several studies have suggested that daily stimulation of the left prefrontal cortex with TMS for 2 weeks has probable antidepressant effects. We conducted a parallel-design, double-masked, sham-controlled study to address whether 2 weeks of daily TMS over the left prefrontal cortex has antidepressant activity greater than sham. Methods: Thirty medication-free adult outpatients with nonpsychotic, major depressive (n = 21) or bipolar (n = 9) (depressed phase) disorder who were in a current major depression (Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression [HRSD] 21-item score of >18) were treated each weekday for 2 weeks. Subjects were randomly assigned to receive either daily active (20 subjects) or sham (10 subjects) stimulation. Additionally, the 20 active subjects were equally divided between slower (5 Hz) and faster (20 Hz) frequency treatment. Antidepressant response was defined as greater than a 50% improvement in the baseline HRSD. Results: Active TMS resulted in significantly more responders (9/20) than did sham (0/10) (χ2 = 6.42, p < .01). The number of responders did not differ significantly between the two active cells (3/10 faster and 6/10 slower). Expressed as a percent change from baseline, active TMS subjects had significantly greater improvement on the Beck Depression Inventory as well as the Hamilton Anxiety Rating Scale than did those who received sham. Conclusions: Daily left prefrontal TMS for 2 weeks significantly reduced depression symptoms greater than did sham. The two forms of active TMS treatment did not differ significantly. Copyright (C) 2000 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Left prefrontal activation predicts therapeutic effects of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression$$$ There is evidence that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) applied to the prefrontal cortex has antidepressive properties. In the present study we evaluated the clinical status and the hemodynamic responses during mental work in the prefrontal cortex before therapeutic rTMS. Twelve patients diagnosed with major depression (DSM-IV) were randomized in a sham-controlled cross-over treatment protocol of 4 weeks' duration consisting of two periods of 5 days with rTMS separated by 9 days of no stimulation. rTMS (10 Hz) was applied to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Hemodynamic changes in the prefrontal cortex during mental work were evaluated by multi-site near-infrared spectroscopy (NIRS). Scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HAMD) decreased significantly by -5.4 points after 5 days of active stimulation, whereas it did not change (+1.6 points) after sham stimulation. Absence of a task-related increase of total hemoglobin concentrations at the stimulation site (P<0.005), but not at other locations, before the first active rTMS significantly predicted the clinical response to active rTMS. Clinical benefits of rTMS are predicted by low local hemodynamic responses and support the idea of activation-dependent targeting of rTMS location. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Clinical aspects of trimetazidine (preductal) administration as an antianginal drug$$$ AIM: To study antianginal effectiveness of trimetazidine (TMS) in monotherapy and combined antianginal therapy; to design approaches to prediction of its effect. MATERIAL AND METHODS: An open cross-over randomised trial enrolled 29 anginal patients. They were given a single TMS dose (60 mg) and its effect was compared to that of placebo, propranolol, verapamil, isosorbide dinitrate, nifedipine). The effect was estimated by an increment of bicycle exercise (BE) duration necessary to depress ST segment by 1 mm. 10 patients retained signs of myocardial ischemia at BE though they were treated with specially selected antianginal drugs. In them, we assessed additional benefit of adjuvant TMS. The drugs were tried under acute test and one-month treatment. RESULTS: In acute test a significant antianginal effects of TMS were registered against the placebo. Differences in efficiency of the antianginal drugs were insignificant. The addition of TMS to the selected drugs gave rise to the trend to prolongation of time to ST segment depression by 1 mm. We found a strong correlation between TMS efficiency in acute pharmacological test and in long-term administration. This enables using BE for prediction of long-term effect of the drug. CONCLUSION: TMS has a significant antianginal effect. It is especially beneficial in cases of insufficient effectiveness of conventional antianginal drugs or when their use is problematic because of marked disturbances of hemodynamics.
Treatment of depression in patients with dementia epidemiology, pathophysiology and treatment$$$ Depression is present in about 40% of patients with dementia. Whereas most studies of depression in dementia are carried out in patients with Alzheimer's dementia, depression is also a frequent finding in other types of dementia, such as ischaemic vascular dementia, dementia with Lewy bodies and fronto-temporal dementia. Longitudinal studies have demonstrated that untreated major depressions may last for more than 1 year in patients with dementia, whereas minor depression is of shorter duration. Despite the high incidence of depression in patients with dementia, few controlled studies have examined the usefulness of antidepressant drugs. Tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) such as imipramine and clomipramine may be effective, but a high incidence of adverse effects such as orthostatic hypotension and urinary retention may limit their use to the subgroup of patients in whom tolerability is acceptable. Selective serotonin (5-hydroxy-tryptamine; 5-HT) reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) such as citalopram and fluoxetine have efficacy similar to that of TCAs, but the incidence of adverse effects is substantially lower. Monoamine oxidase inhibitors have rarely been assessed in patients with dementia, although moclobemide has demonstrated good efficacy and tolerability in a single study. Although antidepressant drugs usually demonstrated greater efficacy than placebo, these differences were mostly slight and require further evaluation.
Transcranial magnetic-evoked potentials under total intravenous anaesthesia and nitrous oxide$$$ Magnetic stimulation of the cortex and recording of the motor-evoked potentials (MEPs) by electromyography (EMG) is a well proven method to assess the descending pathways of the spinal cord and detect neurological impairment. We have assessed, in 33 adult patients undergoing spinal surgery, the influence of four total i.v. anaesthesia regimens (TIVA) on this recording technique. In 20 patients, the effect of 50% nitrous oxide was also studied. MEP amplitudes, latencies and success rates of stimulation were obtained in the steady-state after induction of anaesthesia. Combinations of midazolam and ketamine, and alfentanil and etomidate had the least effect on MEPs. Propofol (in combination with alfentanil or ketamine) showed marked depression of the MEP amplitude and the lowest success rates of stimulation. The latencies did not change at all. The addition of nitrous oxide significantly depressed the registered MEPs and lowered the success rates.
Bipolar depression: Pharmacotherapy and related therapeutic strategies$$$ The depressed phase of bipolar affective disorder is a significant cause of suffering, disability, and mortality and represents a major challenge to treating clinicians. This article first briefly reviews the phenomenology and clinical correlates of bipolar depression and then focuses on the major pharmacological treatment options. We strongly recommend use of mood stabilizers as the first-line treatment for the type I form of bipolar depression, largely because longer-term preventative therapy with these agents almost certainly will be indicated. Depressive episodes that do not respond to lithium, divalproex, or another mood stabilizer, or episodes that 'breakthrough' despite preventive treatment, often warrant treatment with an antidepressant or electroconvulsive therapy. The necessity of mood stabilizers in the type II form of bipolar depression is less certain, aside from the rapid cycling presentation. Both experts and practicing clinicians recommend bupropion and the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors as coequal initial choices, with venlafaxine and monoamine oxidase inhibitors, such as tranylcypromine, preferred for more resistant cases. The risk of antidepressant-induced hypomania or mania with concomitant mood stabilizer therapy is low, on the order of 5% to 10% during acute phase therapy. Additional therapeutic options and optimal durations of therapy also are discussed. Copyright (C) 2000 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
How coil-cortex distance relates to age, motor threshold, and antidepressant response to repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a tool with antidepressant potential that uses a coil placed on the scalp to produce a powerful magnetic field that directly stimulates only the outermost cortex. MRI scans were obtained in 29 depressed adults involved in an rTMS antidepressant clinical treatment. These scans were analyzed to investigate the effect of distance from coil to cortex on clinical parameters. Longer motor cortex distance, but not prefrontal distance, strongly correlated with increased motor threshold (P<0.01). Clinical antidepressant response did not correlate with either distance. The rTMS antidepressant responders, however, were significantly younger (t = -2.430, P<0.05), and there appears to be a maximum threshold of age and distance to prefrontal cortex for response.
Quantitative EEG during seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy: relations to treatment modality and clinical features. I. Global analyses.$$$ This study examined the effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) treatment conditions, patient individual difference factors, and clinical outcome on global electroencephalogram (EEG) power during and immediately following ECT-induced seizures. Sixty-two patients were randomized to ECT conditions differing in electrode placement (right unilateral versus bilateral) and stimulus dosage (just above seizure threshold versus 2.5 times seizure threshold). At the second and penultimate treatments, global total power (1.5-28.5 Hz) and global power in specific frequency bands were quantified in 19-lead EEG recordings of the generalized seizure and the immediate postictal period. Seizures induced with high dosage, and to lesser extent, with bilateral electrode placement, resulted in greater global power. Patient age, initial seizure threshold, and baseline depression severity were inversely related to global power during seizures. While superior clinical outcome following ECT was associated with greater global power during seizures, this effect was small. The factors associated with more robust seizure expression also resulted in greater postictal bioelectric suppression. Associations with treatment parameters and patient variables were stronger at the second than penultimate treatment. We conclude that manipulations of ECT technique strongly determine the magnitude of seizure expression, but relations with clinical outcome are weak. The findings raise doubt about the clinical utility of algorithms based on analysis of EEG features to guide ECT parameter selection.
Quantitative EEG during seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy: relations to treatment modality and clinical features. II. Topographic analyses.$$$ This study tested three alternative theories of the mechanisms of therapeutic action of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The theories differed in predictions about the global and topographic effects of effective and ineffective forms of ECT on electroencephalogram (EEG) seizure expression. At the second treatment, 19-lead EEG recordings were obtained in 57 depressed patients randomized to conditions that differed in ECT electrode placement and stimulus dosage. Power in the delta frequency band was quantified during the seizure and analyzed with traditional multivariate methods and the Scaled Subprofile Model. Electrical dosage of the ECT stimulus had a powerful effect on ictal global delta power and, more so, than electrode placement. Greater ictal global delta power was associated with superior therapeutic outcome, but the magnitude of this effect was small. Effective forms of ECT resulted in a topography where delta power was accentuated in prefrontal EEG sites. High dosage right unilateral ECT also resulted in stronger asymmetry in prefrontal regions than the ineffective, low dosage right unilateral ECT. Greater bilateral generalization of seizure expression does not appear to be a prerequisite for therapeutic effects. Instead, more intense seizure expression in prefrontal regions may be critical for efficacy.
Lithium in unipolar depression and the prevention of suicide$$$ Unipolar depression is a severe recurrent illness with high lifetime morbidity and premature mortality due to suicide. Numerous double-blind, placebo-controlled trials have shown that lithium is very effective at reducing relapses when given as maintenance therapy. It is also very effective when given as maintenance therapy after electroconvulsive therapy. It can be given once a day at night, and controlled trials have shown a 12- hour plasma lithium level between 0.5 and 0.7 mmol/L the most effective, with very slight side effects. Long-term studies of lithium maintenance therapy show a suicide rate of 1.3 suicides per 1000 patient years. This is much lower than comparative studies in long-term follow-up of untreated depression, which show about 5.5 suicides per 1000 patient years. Although it is neither feasible nor ethical to carry out double-blind studies on suicide reduction, the massive evidence showing a reduction in morbidity on lithium treatment suggests that systematic long-term lithium treatment of unipolar depression could considerably lower the suicide rate.
The treatment of bipolar depression$$$ Background: The treatment of bipolar depression represents a relatively understudied area in clinical psychiatry. The depressive phases of bipolar disorder can be very disabling, with significant associated comorbidity and suicide risk, impairment in functioning, and infringement on quality of life. We review the current evidence for the management of bipolar depression. Method: References for this review were obtained through MEDLINE searches of the medical literature on subjects pertaining to the treatment of bipolar depression. Search terms included bipolar depression, antidepressants, and bipolar disorder. Only publications in English are reviewed here. Results: Lithium is currently the gold standard and most appropriate initial treatment for the depressive phase of bipolar disorder. Other mood stabilizers have demonstrated preliminary efficacy. Of the antidepressants, bupropion and the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors may be associated with less risk of inducing hypomania, mania, and rapid cycling compared with tricyclic antidepressants. Monoamine oxidase inhibitors should be considered for patients with anergic bipolar depression. Electroconvulsive therapy has been shown to be highly efficacious. Other treatment modalities, including psychotherapy, sleep deprivation, phototherapy, and newer medications, require further research. Conclusions: Although the treatment of bipolar depression can be a complicated clinical task, the treatment armamentarium is expanding. Further research, especially in the form of randomized controlled trials, is warranted. Clinicians should be familiar with general guidelines for the use of psychopharmacologic agents for treating bipolar depression.
The clinical efficacy of reboxetine in the treatment of depression$$$ Reboxetine is a unique selective noradrenaline reuptake inhibiting drug. In a series of multinational studies, it has been shown that reboxetine possesses an antidepressant action significantly superior to that of placebo, and at least as marked as the effects produced by fluoxetine, imipramine and desipramine. It is also significantly more effective than fluoxetine in treating patients with severe depression. Antidepressant effects produced in the short term (4-6 weeks) are maintained over the longer term, and at least up to 12 months. Fewer relapses are seen in patients treated with reboxetine, and more of such patients remain in remission, than amongst those receiving placebo. There are case reports of patients responding to reboxetine treatment after having been refractory to treatment with other antidepressants. Reboxetine has proved effective in severe major depressive illness in elderly patients as well as amongst young and middle-aged adults, though its use in elderly patients is not currently included in its licensed indications. It is therefore clear that reboxetine offers a major new treatment for depression in a wide range of clinical contexts.
Blunted temperature and cortisol responses to ipsapirone in major depression: Lack of enhancement by electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Depression has been shown in some studies to be associated with a reduction in hypothalamic 5-HT(1A) receptor function, as indicated by reduced hormone and/or hypothermic responses to 5-HT(1A) agonists such as ipsapirone. The hypothermic response to ipsapirone was reduced in depressed patients treated with amitriptyline. Hormone and hypothermic responses to 5-HT(1A) agonists were reduced in normal subjects administered specific serotonin reuptake inhibitors. Effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on 5-HT(1A) receptor-mediated responses in humans have not been reported. In the present work, ten depressed patients and 15 control subjects were challenged with placebo and with 0.3 mg/kg ipsapirone, administered 48 h apart in a randomised double blind design. Hypothermic, growth hormone (GH) and cortisol responses were measured. Seven of the depressed patients were treated with a course of ECT, and placebo and ipsapirone challenges were repeated 24 and 72 h after the last treatment. The cortisol response to ipsapirone was significantly reduced in the depressed patients compared with controls. The hypothermic response to ipsapirone was totally abolished in the depressed patients. When tested after a course of ECT, the seven depressed patients again showed reduced or blunted responses. We conclude that hypothalamic 5-HT(1A) receptor function is reduced in depression. In contrast to the effects of electroconvulsive shock (ECS) on post-synaptic 5-HT(1A) receptor function in animals, which have chiefly been measured in the hippocampus using electrophysiological techniques, ECT in humans does not induce an increase in sensitivity of post-synaptic 5-HT(1A) receptors in the hypothalamus. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science Ltd.
Does the addition of pindolol accelerate the response to electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression? A double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study$$$ There is evidence that addition of pindolol, a β-adrenergic/5- hydroxytryptamine-1A antagonist, can accelerate the onset of action of antidepressant medications. The purpose of this study was to determine whether pindolol administration can induce a rapid improvement in depressive symptoms in patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) within six ECT treatments. A total of 20 patients with DSM-IV-diagnosed major depression who were undergoing a course of ECT as the clinically indicated treatment were recruited. They were neuroleptic, lithium, and antidepressant free for at least 1 week before the study. Of the 20 patients, 9 patients had been randomly assigned to receive pindolol 2.5 mg three times daily, and 11 patients received identical placebo three times daily for the duration of the first 6 ECT treatments. One of 9 patients in the pindolol group and 4 of 11 patients in the placebo group dropped out of the study. Using an outcome measure of a score ≤12 on the 29-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D), the authors found that four (50%) of eight patients responded to the combination treatment of ECT and pindolol within six ECT treatments. In contrast, none (0%) of seven patients who received placebo responded to ECT treatment. Furthermore, both mean 29-item HAM-D and Clinical Global Impression Scale scores after the sixth ECT treatment were significantly lower in patients treated with pindolol compared with those treated with placebo. However, the number of total ECT treatments within a course or the overall efficacy of ECT treatment was not altered by the addition of pindolol. The results of this study suggest that within six ECT treatments, pindolol administration hastens antidepressant effects of ECT in some depressed patients.
The effects of electroconvulsive therapy on memory of autobiographical and public events$$$ Background: Retrograde amnesia is the most persistent cognitive adverse effect of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), however, it is not known whether ECT has differential effects on autobiographical vs impersonal memories. This study examined the short- and long-term effects of differing forms of ECT on memory of personal and impersonal (public) events. Methods: Fifty-five patients with major depression were randomly assigned to right unilateral (RUL) or bilateral (BL) ECT, each at either low or high electrical dosage. The Personal and Impersonal Memory Test was administered by blinded raters at baseline, during the week after ECT, and at the 2-month follow-up. Normal controls were tested at matched intervals. Results: Shortly after ECT, patients recalled fewer events and event details than controls, with the deficits most marked for impersonal compared with personal events. Bilateral ECT caused more marked amnesia for events and details than RUL ECT, and especially for impersonal memories. These effects were independent of electrical dosage and clinical outcome. At the 2-month follow-up, patients had reduced retrograde amnesia, but continued to show deficits in recalling the occurrence of impersonal events and the details of recent impersonal events. Conclusions: The amnestic effects of ECT are greatest and most persistent for knowledge about the world (impersonal memory) compared with knowledge about the self (personal memory), for recent compared with distinctly remote events, and for less salient events. Bilateral ECT produces more profound amnestic effects than RUL ECT, particularly for memory of impersonal events.
Comparison of unlimited numbers of rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) and ECT treatment sessions in major depressive episode$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) is a new technology which holds promise as a treatment of psychiatric disorders. Most work to date has been on depression. Superiority to placebo has been indicated in three small blind studies. We compared the antidepressant effects of rTMS and ECT in 32 patients suffering major depressive episode (MDE) who had failed to respond to at least one course of medication. There was no limit to the number of treatment sessions which could be given and treatment was continued until remission occurred or response plateaued. A significant main effect for treatment type was found [Pillai trace = 0.248, F(3,28) = 3.076, p = 0.044; power = 0.656], reflecting an advantage for ECT patients on measures of depression overall, however, rTMS produced comparable results on a number of measures. Blind raters using the 17-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) found the rate of remission (HDRS = ≤ 8) was the same (68.8%), and the percentage improvement over the course of treatment of 55.6% (rTMS) and 66.4% (ECT), while favouring ECT, was not significantly different. Significant differences were shown (p < 0.03) in percentage improvement on Beck Depression Inventory ratings (rTMS, 45.5%; ECT, 69.1%), but not for improvement in Visual Analogue ratings of mood (rTMS 42.3%; ECT, 57%). rTMS has antidepressant effects of useful proportions and further studies are indicated.
Minimizing the cognitive effects of lithium therapy and electroconvulsive therapy using thyroid hormone$$$ Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and lithium are effective treatments for mood disorders, they are both associated with cognitive side- effects that reduce patient compliance and satisfaction. Because both ECT and lithium have significant impact on the hypothalamic-pituitary-thyroid (HPT) axis, at least some of these side-effects may be associated with alterations in HPT activity. There is evidence that cognitive deficits in patients with bipolar disorder taking lithium are related to diminished thyroid status, but not to serum lithium level. A preliminary study showed that adjunctive use of thyroid hormone significantly improves cognitive functioning in patients taking lithium. An animal study and two double-blind, placebo-controlled clinical studies examining the adjunctive use of thyroid hormone (T3) and ECT have confirmed that T3 significantly protects against ECT-related memory impairment compared to placebo. Taken as a whole, this research suggests that adjunctive use of thyroid hormone has the potential to reduce cognitive side- effects of these important psychiatric treatments.
Balancing speed of response to ECT in major depression and adverse cognitive effects: role of treatment schedule.$$$ Schedule of administration (number of ECT per week and total number of treatments in the course) is one of a number of factors that may significantly influence the degree of cognitive impairment induced by ECT. We examined the effect of twice (ECT x 2) versus three times weekly (ECT x 3) bilateral ECT on cognitive function, particularly memory, in patients with major depression. Two studies were conducted, both double blind and controlled by the administration of simulated ECT (anesthesia and muscle relaxant only with no electrical stimulation). The results of these studies showed that the antidepressant effect of the two schedules, when assessed at the end of the ECT course, was equal. Speed of response was significantly greater with ECT x 3 but this schedule induced more severe memory impairment, even when the number of ECT in the series was not significantly different between the two groups. These findings are in general accordance with other studies that were similar in design although not as rigorously controlled. They support the conclusion that ECT x 2 is the more appropriate schedule for regular clinical practice unless speed of response is an overriding concern. In an era when patients administered ECT tend to be older and are more likely to manifest cognitive impairment for other reasons, choice of schedule is of particular relevance along with other factors such as electrode placement and stimulus intensity that influence ECT-induced cognitive impairment.
Electrophysiological correlates of the adverse cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy.$$$ Resting state, eyes closed, 19-lead EEG recordings were obtained at pre-ECT baseline and just prior to penultimate treatment and during the week following the ECT course in 59 patients with major depression. Patients had been randomized to ECT conditions that varied in electrode placement and stimulus intensity. The EEG data were submitted to power spectral analysis, and global and topographic effects were characterized for the delta and theta frequency bands. Relations between the EEG changes and scores on three cognitive measures were examined. The period of disorientation immediately following RUL ECT was associated with an accentuation of delta power in anterior frontal and temporal regions. Across the electrode placements, increased theta activity in left frontotemporal regions was associated with longer recovery of orientation. Post-ECT decrements in global cognitive status, as assessed by the modified Mini-Mental State exam, were associated with a greater increase in delta relative to theta power, globally across the cortex. The magnitude of retrograde amnesia for autobiographical events correlated with increased theta activity in left frontotemporal regions. The findings suggest that distinct neurophysiological changes subserve the therapeutic and adverse cognitive effects of ECT. Postictal disorientation and post-ECT retrograde amnesia appear to share a common physiological substrate.
A prospective, randomized, double-blind comparison of bilateral and right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy at different stimulus intensities$$$ Background: Controversy persists about the use of right unilateral (RUL) and bilateral (BL) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). While RUL ECT results in less severe short-term and long-term cognitive effects, there is concern that it is less efficacious than BL ECT. Methods: In a double-blind study, 80 depressed patients were randomized to RUL ECT, with electrical dosages 50%, 150%, or 500% above the seizure threshold, or BL ECT, with an electrical dosage 150% above the threshold. Depression severity and cognitive functioning were assessed before, during, immediately after, and 2 months after ECT. Compared with baseline, responders had at least a 60% reduction in symptom scores 1 week after ECT, and were monitored for relapse for 1 year. Results: High-dosage RUL and BL ECT were equivalent in response rate (65%) and approximately twice as effective as low-dosage (35%) or moderate-dosage (30%) unilateral ECT. During the week after the randomized phase, BL ECT resulted in greater impairment than any dosage of unilateral ECT in several measures of anterograde and retrograde memory. Two months after ECT, retrograde amnestic deficits were greatest among patients treated with BL ECT. Thirty-three (53%) of the 62 patients who responded to ECT relapsed, without treatment group differences. The relapse rate was greater in patients who had not responded to adequate pharmacotherapy prior to ECT and who had more severe depressive symptoms after ECT. Conclusion: Right unilateral ECT at high dosage is as effective as a robust form of BL ECT, but produces less severe and persistent cognitive effects.
Titrated moderately suprathreshold vs fixed high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: Acute antidepressant and cognitive effects$$$ Background: The antidepressant and cognitive side effects of right unilateral (RUL) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are reported to depend on the magnitude of the electrical stimulus relative to the seizure threshold. The stimulus doses explored in previous clinical trials of RUL ECT have generally been limited to 1 to 2.5 times the convulsive threshold and the antidepressant efficacy has been low compared with bilateral (BL) ECT. The present study compares the antidepressant and cognitive side effects of 2 RUL dosing strategies: titrated moderately suprathreshold and fixed high dose. Methods: Seventy-two adult patients with major depression were randomized to either titrated RUL ECT at 2.25 times initial seizure threshold (mean dose, 136 millicoulombes [mC]), or RUL ECT at a fixed dose of 403 mC. Primary outcome measures were antidepressant response and cognitive status 1 or 2 days after the course of ECT. Results: The 2 treatment groups were comparable in demographic and clinical characteristics prior to ECT. Both groups received a mean of 5.7 sessions of RUL ECT. Patients receiving fixed-dose ECT were more likely to have an antidepressant response at the end of the protocol (n = 49 [67%]) compared with those receiving titrated dosing (n = 28 [39%]). Furthermore, the likelihood of both antidepressant response and cognitive deficits increased as stimulus dose increased relative to initial seizure threshold, up through 8 to 12 times the threshold. Conclusions: The antidepressant efficacy and cognitive side effects of RUL ECT are dependent on the magnitude of the stimulus dose relative to the seizure threshold, and a dose-response relationship extends through at least 12 times the seizure threshold.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. A method in the treatment of depressions$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) has been used as a diagnostic tool in neurology for more than a decade. Recent research indicates that it when applied repeatedly as repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has an antidepressant effect. RTMS is based on the principle of electro-magnetism. An electromagnetic coil placed on the scalp produces a time-varying magnetic field, which gives rise to a current in the proximity of the cerebral cortex. Unlike electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) rTMS does normally not give rise to epileptic seizures and does not require anaesthesia. This review covers a critical summary of the literature on the subject. The results of recent placebo-controlled, randomized trials are promising. However, further investigations are required, before rTMS can be fully integrated in the antidepressant therapeutic armamentarium.
The effectiveness of the treatment of depression in the physically ill elderly$$$ The effectiveness of depression treatments in older people with physical illnesses is critically reviewed. Few controlled studies have been published and many of these have methodological limitations. These include small samples, inadequate duration of treatment and lack of diagnostic criteria for depression and standardized measures of physical health. Controlled studies of antidepressants indicate they are effective in the treatment of major depression associated with chronic stable physical illness, though there are high dropout rates. There is insufficient evidence to determine their efficacy in depression associated with acute or serious illness. Psychological interventions have been infrequently investigated in controlled studies. The few available studies support their potential utility in chronic stable illness. Uncontrolled trials suggest that electroconvulsive therapy is safe and effective in the treatment of severe major depression associated with physical illness. A range of psychosocial interventions, including exercise and music therapy, that target quality of life domains should be further investigated in less severe depression. Combination and tailored interventions show promise but require more research. Future studies need to have larger sample sizes and use established diagnostic criteria and standardized measures of physical health. Outcome measures should include quality of life, functional capacity, health service utilization, social function and mortality.
Discontinuation of antidepressant drugs during electroconvulsive therapy: A controlled study$$$ Background: The concurrent use of antidepressant drugs with ECT is recommended by a recent ECT guideline. The study aimed to examine differential therapeutic and side effect responses when antidepressants are discontinued or not during ECT. Methods: This study compared the effectiveness and side effect profile of unilateral ECT with antidepressant drugs (Group-1) or unilateral ECT with drug placebo (Group-2) in 30 major depressive disorder (DSM-IV) patients on antidepressants using a prospective randomised trial. Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD), Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), UKU scale, Columbia ECT side effect check list were used. The assessments were carried out before starting ECTs and at fixed intervals thereafter for four weeks. In addition, at six weeks a follow-up assessment was carried out using HRSD. ECTs were stopped after four weeks or earlier if patient obtained HRSD scores <8 and remained so for one week. Results: Continuation of antidepressant drugs with ECT conferred no therapeutic advantage. Barring tricyclic antidepressant induced anticholinergic side effects, no differential side effect profile was noted. At follow-up none relapsed in Group-2 and the mean HRSD scores between the groups did not differ. Limitation: The antidepressant treatment prior to ECT was uncontrolled. In addition, the design was not strictly double-blind. Conclusion: The study failed to support an advantage with antidepressant continuation during an ECT course in major depressive disorder. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
Cognitive effects of 1- and 20-hertz repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in depression: Preliminary report$$$ Objective: To determine the cognitive effects of daily repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) administered under the conditions of a treatment trial for major depression. Background: Although daily left dorsal prefrontal rTMS has improved mood in some patients with treatment-refractory depression, potential cognitive side effects of extended daily treatment have not been systematically studied. Method: In a randomized double-blind treatment study, 10 subjects (mean age, 42 ± 15 years) with an episode of major depression received either 2 weeks of low-frequency (1 Hz) or high-frequency (20 Hz) rTMS (800 pulses, 20 trains over 20 minutes, 80% of motor threshold, 5 days per week) to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex and then were crossed over to the other treatment condition. Patients received cognitive testing at baseline and after the first and second weeks of low- or high-frequency rTMS, which was examined by repeated-measures ANOVA. Results: Of 16 cognitive measures tested after 1 or 2 weeks of rTMS compared with baseline status, none showed deterioration, and the only significant main treatment effect indicated improvement on a list-recall test from pre- to post-rTMS after 1 week (p < 0.05). Conclusions: These preliminary data suggest no gross deleterious cognitive effects of 2 weeks of 1- or 20-Hz rTMS at 80% of motor threshold over the left prefrontal cortex. Further cognitive studies of the effects of rTMS at other parameters used in clinical trials for mood disorders remain to be undertaken.
The Expert Consensus Guideline Series: Medication Treatment of Bipolar Disorder 2000.$$$ OBJECTIVES: New treatments for bipolar disorder have been reported since we first published survey-based expert consensus guidelines in 1996. The evidence for these treatments varies widely; data are especially limited regarding comparisons between treatments and how to sequence them. We therefore undertook a new survey of expert opinion in order to bridge gaps between the research evidence and key clinical decisions. METHOD: Based on a literature review, a written survey was prepared which asked about 1,276 options for psychopharmacologic interventions in 48 specific clinical situations. Most options were scored using a modified version of the RAND Corporation 9-point scale for rating appropriateness of medical decisions. We contacted 65 national experts, 58 of whom (89%) completed the survey. Consensus on each option was defined as a non-random distribution of scores by chi-square test. We assigned a categorical rank (first-line/preferred choice, second-line/alternate choice, third-line/usually inappropriate) to each option based on the confidence interval of its mean rating. Guideline tables indicating preferred treatment strategies were then developed for key clinical situations. RESULTS: The expert panel reached consensus on many key strategies, including acute and preventive treatment for mania (euphoric, mixed, and dysphoric subtypes), depression, and rapid cycling, and approaches to managing the complications of treatment resistance and comorbidity. Use of a mood stabilizer is recommended in all phases of treatment. Divalproex (especially for mixed or dysphoric subtypes) and lithium are the cornerstone choices among this class for both acute and preventive treatment of mania. Regardless of which is selected first, if monotherapy fails, the next recommended intervention is to use these agents in combination. The combination can then serve as the foundation on which other medications are added, if needed. Carbamazepine is the leading alternative mood stabilizer for mania. Expert opinion regards other new anticonvulsants as second-line options (e.g., if the previously mentioned mood stabilizers fail or are contraindicated). For milder depression, a mood stabilizer, especially lithium, may be used as monotherapy. Divalproex and lamotrigine are other first-line choices. For more severe depression, a standard antidepressant should be combined with lithium or divalproex. Bupropion, selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs), and venlafaxine are preferred antidepressants, and should be tapered 2 to 6 months after remission. Divalproex monotherapy is recommended for initial treatment of either depression or mania with rapid cycling. Antipsychotics are recommended for use with the above regimens for mania or depression with psychosis, and as potential adjuncts in non-psychotic episodes. Atypical antipsychotics, especially olanzapine and risperidone, were generally preferred over conventional antipsychotics. Recommendations are also given concerning the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), clozapine, thyroid hormone, stimulants, and various novel agents for patients with treatment-refractory illness. CONCLUSIONS: The experts reached high levels of consensus on key steps in treating bipolar disorder despite obvious gaps in high-quality data. To evaluate many of the treatment options in this survey, the experts had to extrapolate beyond controlled data; however, their recommendations are generally conservative. Experts reserve strongest support for initial strategies and individual medications for which there are high-quality research data, or for which there are longstanding patterns of clinical usage. Within the limits of expert opinion and with the understanding that new research data may take precedence, these guidelines provide clear pathways for addressing common clinical questions in a manner that can be used to inform clinicians and educate patients regarding the relative merits of a variety of interventions.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation is as effective as electroconvulsive therapy in the treatment of nondelusional major depressive disorder: An open study$$$ Background: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS), a new method for the stimulation of the central nervous system, is being proposed as a potential new treatment in patients with major depressive disorder (MDD). We tested the hypothesis that rTMS would be as effective as electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in patients with MDD. Methods: Forty patients with MDD referred for ECT were randomly assigned to either ECT or rTMS. Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation was performed at 90% power of the motor threshold. The stimulation frequency was 10 Hz for either 2 sec (first eight patients) or 6 sec (final 12 patients) for 20 trains. Patients were treated for up to 20 treatment days. Electroconvulsive therapy was performed according to standard protocols. Results: Overall patients responded best to ECT (χ2 = 3.8, p < .05). Patients with MDD and psychosis responded significantly better to ECT (χ2 = 9.2, p < .01), whereas MDD patients without psychosis responded similarly to both treatments (χ2 = 0.0, ns). The analysis of variance with repeated measures of clinical variables for the whole sample revealed significant treatment effects for both groups; however, interaction between group and treatment was seen only for the Global Assessment of Function and the Sleep assessment. When the psychosis-nonpsychosis grouping was considered, patients with psychosis responded dramatically better to ECT in all assessments, whereas those without psychosis responded similarly to both treatments. Conclusions: Overall ECT was a more potent treatment for patients with MDD, this being particularly evident in patients with MDD and psychosis; however, in patients with MDD without psychosis the effects of rTMS were similar to those of ECT. The results we report are encouraging and support an important role for rTMS in the treatment of severe MDD; however, additional blinded studies are needed to precisely define this role. (C) 2000 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
A randomized clinical trial of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of major depression$$$ Background: Multiple groups have reported on the use of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in treatment-resistant major depression. The purpose of this study is to assess the efficacy of rTMS in unmedicated, treatment-resistant patients who meet criteria for major depression. Methods: Depressed subjects, who had failed to respond to a median of four treatment trials, were assigned in a randomized double-blind manner to receive either active (n = 10; 20 2-sec trains of 20 Hz stimulation with 58-sec intervals; delivered at 80% motor threshold with the figure-of- eight coil positioned over the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex) or sham (n = 10; similar conditions with the coil elevated and angled 45 degrees tangentially to the scalp) rTMS. These sequences were applied during 10 consecutive weekdays. Continuous electroencephalogram sampling and daily motor threshold determinations were also obtained. Results: The group mean 25-item Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS) score was 37.2 (± 2.0 SEM) points. Adjusted mean decreases in HDRS scores were 14.0 (± 3.7) and 0.2 (± 4.1) points for the active and control groups, respectively (p < .05). One of 10 subjects receiving active treatment demonstrated a robust response (i.e., HDRS decreased from 47 to 7 points); three other patients demonstrated 40-45% decreases in HDRS scores. No patients receiving sham treatment demonstrated partial or full responses. Conclusions: A 2-week course of active rTMS resulted in statistically significant but clinically modest reductions of depressive symptoms, as compared to sham rTMS in a population characterized by treatment resistance. (C) 2000 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
A comparison of regularly administered sustained release oral morphine with intramuscular morphine for control of postoperative pain$$$ We studied the efficacy and side effect profile of regularly administered, oral sustained-release morphine sulfate tablets (MST) and IM morphine in patients undergoing total hip arthroplasty under lumbar spinal anesthesia. Patients in Group I received MST 20 mg 12 hourly and a placebo IM injection 6 hourly regularly. Group II patients received an oral placebo 12 hourly and morphine sulfate 10 mg IM 6 hourly regularly. Rescue analgesia was provided with regular diclofenac suppositories and patient-controlled analgesia. Pain scores assessed by using visual analog scale and verbal pain scoring at rest and with movement were low in both groups, with no statistical difference between groups. Mean patient-controlled analgesia morphine consumption during the 48-h study was 16.7 mg in the IM group and 25.9 mg in the MST group. The difference between the groups was significant at 36 h postoperatively (0.03). Side effects of sedation and respiratory depression were not problematic in either group, with a maximal sedation score of 2 occurring once in a patient in Group II. Nausea and vomiting occurred more often in Group II, but this was not statistically significant, with a mean nausea/vomiting score for Group II of 1.7. We conclude that oral, sustained-release morphine is an attractive alternative to IM opiates in patients undergoing body surface surgery under regional anesthesia. Implications: Each postoperative analgesic has its own limitations for route of administration, dosage, and potential side effects. Using the oral route for drug administration seems more attractive than other methods but may not be suitable in all postoperative patients. We studied the efficacy and side effect profile of sustained-release, oral morphine compared with standard IM morphine for the treatment of pain after hip replacement surgery. We concluded that use of the oral preparation is a suitable alternative to the IM route in this population undergoing surgery under spinal anesthesia.
Antidepressant efficacy of Sudarshan Kriya Yoga (SKY) in melancholia: A randomized comparison with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and imipramine$$$ Background: Sudarshan Kriya Yoga (SKY) is a procedure that involves essentially rhythmic hyperventilation at different rates of breathing. The antidepressant efficacy of SKY was demonstrated in dysthymia in a prospective, open clinical trial. This study compared the relative antidepressant efficacy of SKY in melancholia with two of the current standard treatments, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and imipramine (IMN). Methods: Consenting, untreated melancholic depressives (n=45) were hospitalized and randomized equally into three treatment groups. They were assessed at recruitment and weekly thereafter for four weeks. Results: Significant reductions in the total scores on Beck Depression Inventory (BDI) and Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) occurred on successive occasions in all three groups. The groups, however, did not differ. Significant interaction between the groups and occasion of assessment occurred. At week three, the SKY group had higher scores than the ECT group but was not different from the IMN group. Remission (total HRSD score of seven or less) rates at the end of the trial were 93, 73 and 67% in the ECT, IMN and SKY groups, respectively. No clinically significant side effects were observed. Discussion: Within the limitations of the design (lack of double blind conditions), it can be concluded that, although inferior to ECT, SKY can be a potential alternative to drugs in melancholia as a first line treatment. Copyright (C) 2000 Elsevier Science B.V.
Multiple sclerosis, disease modifying treatments and depression: A critical methodological review$$$ Background: Major depression affects one in two patients with multiple sclerosis (MS) during the course of their lifetime. This adds to the morbidity associated with the disorder and may contribute to an increased mortality rate because of suicide. Over the past few years, with the advent of disease modifying treatments for MS, a new concern with respect to mood has arisen, namely the possibility that some of these drugs may have depression as a clinically significant side effect. Objective: To ascertain whether disease modifying treatments in MS are associated with the development of depression or the worsening of a depressive illness. Methodology: A MEDLINE and PSYCHLIT search focusing on depression and disease modifying treatments going back to 1993 (the publication date of the results of the first randomised, placebo controlled trial). The methodology pertaining to the assessment of depression is critically reviewed. Furthermore, a critical summary is provided of treatment modalities for the depressed MS patient. Results: There are conflicting data that depression may occur with some disease modifying drugs, particularly interferon beta-1b. However, all studies reveal limitations with respect to the assessment of mood. Some reports, despite omitting details of how mentation was assessed, still comment on the presence or absence of depression. Others suffer from one or more of the following shortcomings: a failure to assess premorbid risk factors for mood disorder; a reliance on one question to assess depression; the utilisation of self report mood rating scales of questionable validity; neglecting to distinguish depression as a symptom from depression as a syndrome (i.e. major depression as defined by the DMS-IV). Conclusions: Given the many methodological pitfalls inherent in all studies to date, it is premature to conclude that disease modifying drugs are associated with depression. Evidence suggests that treatment of depression, irrespective of a putative association with a disease modifying agent, is frequently effective. This applies to pharmacotherapy or psychotherapy, although the former may be preferred should depression arise during a course of treatment with a disease modifying agent.
High frequency repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in schizophrenic patients$$$ Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) has been tried therapeutically in major depression. In order to investigate the therapeutic efficacy of rTMS in psychotic patients, 12 participants (four women, eight men) with schizophrenia according to DSM-IV criteria, aged 25 to 63 years (mean (±s.d) 40.4 ±11.0), were enrolled in the study. Following a double-blind crossover design, patients were treated at random with 2 weeks of daily left prefrontal rTMS (20 2s 20Hz stimulations at 80% motor threshold over 20 rain, dorsolateral preforntal cortex) and 2 weeks of sham stimulation. The Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale decreased under active rTMS (p<0.05), whereas depressive symptoms (BDI) and anxiety (STAI) did not change significantly, Prefrontal rTMS might be effective in the non-pharmacological treatment of psychotic patients. © 2000 Lippincott Williams & Wilkins.
Frequency dependence of antidepressant response to left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism$$$ Background: Recent studies suggest that both high frequency (10-20 Hz) and low frequency (1 Hz) repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) have an antidepressant effect in some individuals. Electrophysiologic data indicate that high frequency rTMS enhances neuronal firing efficacy and that low frequency rTMS has the opposite effect.Methods: We investigated the antidepressant effects of 10 daily left prefrontal 1 Hz versus 20 Hz rTMS with the hypothesis that within a given subject, antidepressant response would differ by frequency and vary as a function of baseline cerebral glucose metabolism. After baseline PET scans utilizing [18F]-Fluorodeoxyglucose, thirteen subjects participated in a randomized crossover trial of 2 weeks of 20 Hz paired with 2 weeks 1 Hz or placebo rTMS.Results: We found a negative correlation between degree of antidepressant response after 1 Hz compared to 20 Hz rTMS (r = -0.797, p < .004). Additionally, better response to 20 Hz was associated with the degree of baseline hypometabolism, whereas response to 1 Hz rTMS tended to be associated with baseline hypermetabolism.Conclusions: These preliminary results suggest that antidepressant response to rTMS might vary as a function of stimulation frequency and may depend on pretreatment cerebral metabolism. Further studies combining rTMS and functional neuroimaging are needed. Copyright (C) 1999 Society of Biological Psychiatry.
Pharmacological treatment of depression. Consulting with Dr Oscar$$$ OBJECTIVE. To review the pharmacological treatment of depression and to evaluate current strategies for treatment to maximize the benefits of antidepressant medications. QUALITY OF EVIDENCE. MEDLINE was searched to January 1999, using the headings depression, combination, augmentation, lithium, triiodothyronine, pindolol, buspirone, methylphenidate, and electroconvulsive therapy, for randomized controlled trials, systematic overviews, and consensus reports. Recent high-quality reviews were often found. References from papers retrieved were scrutinized for other relevant reports. Preference was given to more recent articles and well-designed studies. Recommendations from academic groups were analyzed. MAIN MESSAGE. Optimization of antidepressant therapy is the cornerstone of pharmacological treatment of depression. When symptoms persist despite optimization, further strategies include substitution, combination, augmentation, and reviewing and sometimes referring. Decisions are based on the evidence supporting the various strategies. CONCLUSIONS. Antidepressants will work only if prescribed correctly. Awareness of the strategies for using antidepressants and evaluating their effectiveness improves primary care physicians' ability to treat this common disorder.
Pathophysiology of chorea and bradykinesia in Huntington's disease$$$ This article reviews the neurophysiological abnormalities described in Huntington's disease. Among the typical features of choreic movements are variable and random patterns of electromyographic (EMG) activity, including cocontraction of agonist and antagonist muscles. Studies of premotor potentials show that choreic movements are not preceded by a Bereitschaftspotential, therefore demonstrating that choreic movement is involuntary. Early cortical median-nerve somatosensory-evoked potentials have reduced amplitudes and the reduction correlates with reduced glucose consumption in the caudate nucleus. Long-latency stretch reflexes evoked in the small hand muscles are depressed. These findings may reflect failed thalamocortical relay of sensory information. In Huntington's disease, the R2 response of the blink reflex has prolonged latencies, diminished amplitudes, and greater habituation than normal. These abnormalities correlate with the severity of chorea in the face. Patients with Huntington's disease perform simple voluntary movements more slowly than normal subjects and with an abnormal triphasic EMG pattern. Bradykinesia is also present during their performance of simultaneous and sequential movements. Eye movements show abnormalities similar to those seen in arm movements. In Huntington's disease, arm movement execution is associated with reduced PET activation of cortical frontal areas. Studies using transcranial magnetic stimulation show that patients with Huntington's disease have normal corticospinal conduction but some patients have a prolonged cortical silent period. Bradykinesia results from degeneration of the basal ganglia output to the supplementary motor areas concerned with the initiation and maintenance of sequential movements. The coexisting hyperkinetic and hypokinetic movement disorders in patients with Huntington's disease probably reflect the involvement of direct and indirect pathways in the basal ganglia-thalamus-cortical motor circuit.
Algorithm for the treatment of mood disorders in Japan$$$ In order to establish algorithms for mood disorders in Japan, over 300 psychiatrists completed a questionnaire. They were asked to recommend various drug treatments for particular cases. The order in which the drugs were recommended was taken into consideration. References were made to the randomized double blind study conducted by the working group. Evidence was ranked according to its probability, with the addition of case reports and medical opinions, since conclusions derived from the randomized double blind study alone did not give a full representation. Japanese documentation was referred to as much as possible in order to represent Japanese characteristics. Algorithms were made for eight subtypes; acute mania, bipolar depression, mild or moderate, severe major depression, psychotic depression, rapid cycling bipolar disorder, dysthymic disorder and major depression with advanced cancer. Major depression and bipolar disorder algorithms are discussed in this paper. Clinical psychopharmacological evidence in Japan was insufficient to generate these algorithms for mood disorders. These algorithms may need revision according to future advances in clinical psychopharmacology.
Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression: Comparative study of fast, slow and sham rTMS$$$ In previous studies, fast repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) with a frequency >1 Hz demonstrated substantial antidepressant effects compared to sham rTMS. However, it is not clear whether fast rTMS is superior to slow rTMS (frequency ≤1 Hz) which is safe at therapeutically promising higher intensities. The aim of this double-blind study was to compare the action of fast, slow and sham rTMS. Eighteen patients with pharmacotherapy-resistant major depression were randomized to receive fast (10 Hz), slow (0.3 Hz) or sham rTMS with 250 stimuli/day for 5 successive days. rTMS was applied at 90% motor threshold intensity to the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex. Scores on the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS), but not on the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS), showed a statistically significant timexgroup interaction with a reduction of 19% after slow rTMS. However, the effect was clinically marginal and not reflected by self-rating scores. Verbal memory and reaction performance were not impaired after rTMS, and there was even a statistically significant timexgroup interaction with improvement of verbal memory performance after fast rTMS. In conclusion, this study further supported the safety of rTMS but does not show any clinically meaningful antidepressant efficacy of rTMS at 250 daily stimuli over 5 days in pharmacotherapy-refractory major depression. Copyright (C) 1999 Elsevier Science Ireland Ltd.
Right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in schizophrenia: A double-blind sham-controlled pilot study$$$ Background: The aim of this study was to extend our previous work on the therapeutic efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in major depression to patients with schizophrenia. Methods: Thirty-five inpatients with schizophrenia were randomly assigned to either right prefrontal rTMS or sham treatment and were rated before and after treatment for positive, negative, and depressive symptoms. Results: Thirty-one subjects (rTMS = 16, sham = 15) completed a 2-week treatment protocol. No serious adverse effects were reported; however, rTMS was not superior to sham treatment on any of the clinical ratings. Conclusions: In contrast to our previous positive findings in major depression, right prefrontal slow rTMS does not appear to have a beneficial effect for actively psychotic patients with schizophrenia.
A comparative study in postcesarean analgesia with morphine sulphate (Graten)$$$ Background: postoperative analgesia is one of the most studied and evolutionary aspects of obstetric analgesia during the past 20 years. Objective: To compare the effect of several doses of morphine sulfate vs bupivacaine in postcesarean analgesia. Material and methods: It was performed a prospective, comparative, double blind, randomized and longitudinal study which included 71 obstetric patients programmed for undergoing cesarean section. Patients were divided into four groups for receiving: group one: 3 mg morphine + 7 cc physiological solution; group two: 4 mg morphine + 6 cc physiological solution; group three: 5 mg morphine + 5 cc physiological solution, and group four: 015% 5 cc bupivacaine + 7 cc physiological solution. Results: We observed that using bupivacaine the use of a rescue analgesic was higher. There was no effect of respiratory depression at any moment nor with any d rug. Conclusions: Epidural morphine at low doses (3 mg) is effective for managing postcesarean pain with a low index of side effects.
Rapid-cycling bipolar disorder: An overview of research and clinical experience$$$ Although many studies of RCBD have been reported over the last 2 decades, knowledge remains limited. Higher incidence in women is the sole clearly replicated finding in most studies. This finding might be mediated by cyclothymia, a temperament that is of higher prevalence in women and that might be considered as a normal variant of RC. Many questions remain unanswered. Review of putative risk factors, such as hypothyroidism and treatment with antidepressants, provides no conclusive answers. There is clinical evidence to implicate both factors. In principle, the thyroid connection can be approached rationally, yet there seems to be no relationship between thyroid status and response to thyroid augmentation. For this reason and given the potential risks of long-term thyroid use, this strategy should not be the first one to be tried in RC. Cumulatively, naturalistic studies over the past 30 years have strongly implicated antidepressants in switching and cycle acceleration, yet the double-blind, controlled, prospective studies that are needed to provide definitive answers are unlikely to be conducted for ethical reasons discussed in this article. Bipolar family history of RC probands appears indistinguishable from non-RC probands, indicating that most likely RCBD does not breed true. Although RC seems to be more lithium resistant with less likelihood of being symptom-free after 2 to 5 years of follow-up, many of these patients nonetheless have resolution of the RC course. There is no marked difference in suicide rates. An association of RC with bipolar type II, D-M-I pattern and those who switch into mania or hypomania on antidepressants is a provocative possibility: Antidepressants might introduce RC by first inducing a switch during a depressive episode, creating a D-M-I pattern, a pattern that is poorly responsive to lithium, which eventually degenerates into RC. Again, this sequence might be mediated by the high prevalence of cyclothymia in bipolar II patients. Thus, data from phenomenology, family history, and long-term outcome do not support RC as a separate entity. RC appears to be a temporary complicated phase in the illness, not a stable feature. This was noted by Kraepelin: I think I am convinced that that kind of classification must of necessity wreck on the irregularity of the disease. The kind and duration of the attacks and the intervals by no means remain the same in the individual case but may frequently change, so that the case must be reckoned always to new forms. Data by Gottschalk et al. testify to the chaotic mood swings of contemporary bipolar disorder. Moreover RC is seen in other medical diseases, such as epilepsy, in which patients have phases of increase in frequency of episodes (seizures) that become refractory to treatment. Further longitudinal prospective studies are required to understand the complexity of this intriguing phenomenon and to provide better treatments. Algorithms deriving from tertiary research or university-based clinical experience may not generalize to RC or otherwise treatment-resistant bipolar patients seen in more routine practice. Illness severity in RCBD generally precludes double- blind controlled investigations. Meanwhile, clinicians may rely on discontinuing antidepressants, maintaining patients on combined mood stabilizers - of which valproate is probably the most useful - and making judicious use of atypical neuroleptics. Benzodiazepines and alcohol (which produce withdrawal), caffeine, stimulants, exposure to bright light, and sleep deprivation during excited phases should be avoided. Thyroid and nimodipine augmentation can be considered in those with the most malignant course. These are patients who need the maximal support that their psychiatrist can provide them. Office visits must be arranged as the last appointment of the day.
Limited efficacy of ketoconazole in treatment-refractory major depression$$$ The authors examined the efficacy of ketoconazole in 16 adults with treatment-refractory major depressive disorder. Subjects participated in a 6- week, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Assessments of mood were made using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D), the Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), and the Clinical Global Impression Scale (CGI). Results showed that none of eight patients randomly assigned to receive placebo and two of eight patients randomly assigned to receive ketoconazole met criteria for response. As a group, patients assigned to receive ketoconazole showed no significant reductions in HAM-D, BDI, or CGI scores during the 6-week trial compared with those receiving placebo. These findings suggest a limited efficacy for ketoconazole in patients with treatment-refractory major depression.
Obsessive-compulsive disorder: Diagnosis and treatment$$$ Obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD) is a chronic, disabling anxiety disorder that is characterized by recurrent obsessions and uncontrolled compulsions such as repetitive behavioral or mental acts that are performed in response to an obsession. OCD often occurs comorbidly with a number of depressive and anxiety disorders. In addition, patients with OCD suffer significant personal and social morbidity and may have difficulty maintaining a job, finishing school, and developing relationships. The backbone of pharmacologic treatment for OCD is a 10- to 12-week trial with a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) in adequate doses. In most cases, treatment should be initiated with an SSRI because of the superior safety, tolerability, and equivalent efficacy of this class of drugs compared with clomipramine. When dealing with patients who do not respond to one SSRI, effective alternatives include switching to a different SSRI, combining another medication or behavioral therapy with SSRI therapy, considering novel or experimental drug treatments, or employing nonpharmacologic biological approaches, such as electroconvulsive therapy, neurosurgery, or repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation. This article provides an update on the diagnosis and medical management of OCD and will discuss guidelines for the use of SSRIs and novel approaches for managing treatment-refractory patients.
Speed of response to bilateral ECT: an examination of possible predictors in two controlled trials.$$$ Speed of response to bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was defined as the number of ECTs required to induce a 50% reduction in Hamilton Depression Scale score and was established in 48 patients who had participated in two controlled trials of twice versus three times weekly ECT and were responders to treatment. Potential clinical predictors of response were examined dichotomously by comparing early (up to and including ECT 4) and late (ECT 5-9) responders and by correlation. Younger patients manifested a more rapid response (p = 0.03), but no other clinical variables were significantly related to speed of response. Because speed of response affects choice of ECT schedule, biological predictors should be sought.
Low-dose atropine in electroconvulsive therapy.$$$ Anticholinergic medications such as atropine or glycopyrrolate have long been used in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to eliminate parasympathetically mediated dysrhythmias. However, such agents increase heart rate and myocardial workload and may increase risk of cardiac adverse events. What is needed is an intervention that is parasympatholytic without substantially increasing myocardial workload. In this study, a low dose of atropine was compared with placebo in ECT with attention to heart rate, blood pressure, cardiac rhythm, myocardial workload, and parasympathetic function. The dose of atropine that was used effectively blocked vagal tone with only a small and probably not clinically significant rise in myocardial workload for only a few minutes after the ECT seizure.
Variations of peak and baseline heart rates.$$$ The heart rate (HR) rises rapidly with ECT seizure onset and falls with seizure termination. The peak HR is a potential reflection of the intensity of the seizure. Because it varies greatly among patients, comparison with a benchmark HR for each patient should be useful. By comparing variations in the peak and baseline HRs, this study aims to determine if the peak HR should be compared with the baseline. HRs were measured on all treatments for 24 subjects receiving asymmetric bilateral ECT, excluding treatments with motoric seizure duration under 18s or no EEG postictal suppression. The resulting mean variations within subjects were significantly larger for the baseline (7.7 bpm, 8.1%, SD 4.6 bpm, p = 0.004 2-tail, p = 3.2 than the peak HR (4.6 bpm, 3.0%, SD 2.4 bpm). This indicates that comparison of the peak HR with the baseline substantially increases random variations. There was a general absence of correlation between peak and baseline HRs; this reveals no rationale for subtraction of the baseline from the peak. An expression of the peak HR that allows comparisons between patients but avoids the baseline HR is the difference between the seizure peak HR and the highest peak HR seen during that patient's ECT course.
Neuropsychological characteristics of the dementia syndrome of depression: Onset, resolution, and three-year follow-up$$$ In this prospective double-blind study 13 hospitalized older adults with dementia syndrome of depression (DSD) were compared to 14 with Alzheimer's dementia with a concurrent major depression on a battery of neuropsychological tests. On admission to hospital (onset), patients with DSD differed from those with Alzheimer's dementia and depression only in that the former had stronger short-term verbal memory. Resolution of depression in patients with DSD resulted in a return to normal levels in most measures of verbal functioning, but nonverbal abilities remained impaired. Three years later those with DSD continued to cognitively outperform those with Alzheimer's dementia, indicating that treating depression in DSD appears to 'buy back' up to 3 years of above-baseline cognitive functioning.
Changes in prefrontal cortex and paralimbic activity in depression following two weeks of daily left prefrontal TMS$$$ Twenty-two depressed adults were scanned with perfusion single-photon computed emission tomography before and after 2 weeks of left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in a parallel design, double-blind treatment study. At medication-free baseline, across all subjects, blood flow in the bilateral medial temporal lobes, left prefrontal cortex, and caudate significantly declined with increased depression severity. Also at baseline, depressed adults who responded to TMS, compared with nonresponders, showed increased inferior frontal lobe activity. Following treatment, there was an even greater difference in inferior frontal blood flow in responder compared with nonresponders, and the negative baseline correlations between depression severity and limbic and prefrontal blood flow disappeared. These results suggest that in depressed adults, 10 days of prefrontal TMS affects prefrontal and paralimbic activity, which may explain its antidepressant effects.
The effect of structured consent on recall of information pre- and post-electroconvulsive therapy: A pilot study$$$ Aims and method. A randomised, blind comparison of a structured consent procedure against routine consent was conducted to determine whether it had any utility in improving treatment knowledge in patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Additionally we aimed to determine whether degree of cognitive impairment, intelligence and severity of depression influenced recall of information. Results. Thirty-two subjects were investigated. Structured consent significantly improved the number of knowledge items recalled pre-ECT (P < 0.05). Knowledge scores declined significantly after completion of the treatment course in both structured consent (P < 0.05) and control groups (P < 0.05). There was a significant correlation between Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE) scores and the number of knowledge items recalled both pre- (r = 0.43, P < 0.05) and post-ECT (r = 0.53, P < 0.01). Clinical implications. Structured consent procedures may be a useful way of improving patient knowledge of ECT and merit further study. Low scores on MMSE should caution clinicians to take particular care when consenting patients to ECT.
Rapid cycling bipolar disorder: A literature review abstract$$$ In 1974, rapid cycling bipolar disorder has been defined by Dunner and Fieve as four or more episodes of depression or mania per year. Twenty years later, this definition appeared for the first time in an international classification of mental disorders in the fourth edition of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders. The rapid cycling phenomenon has been since studied with new adapted modified criteria taking into account different duration of affective episodes which characterise rapid cycling. Rapid cycling is associated with a low prophylactic efficacy of lithium and often represents a difficult approach for the clinician. Clinical aspects, influence of antidepressants associated with acceleration of cycles and possible therapeutic trials including non pharmaceutical treatment are discussed.
Naloxone in the prevention of the adverse cognitive effects of ECT: A within-subject, placebo controlled study$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a highly effective treatment for major depression, but is also associated with characteristic cognitive side effects. Several reports document that endogenous opioids and their receptors are activated by electroconvulsive shock (ECS) and that naloxone in doses sufficient to block endogenous opioid receptors may reverse ECS-induced retrograde amnesia. This placebo-controlled, randomized, within-patient study was conducted to examine the potential of naloxone, given in doses sufficient to block opioid receptors (high dose), to ameliorate acute anterograde and retrograde memory impairments following ECT. Compared to placebo and low dose naloxone, high dose naloxone administered immediately before ECT resulted in significant reductions in anterograde amnesia, and better performance on an attention task. Both low and high dose naloxone improved verbal fluency. There were no beneficial effects of high dose naloxone on retrograde amnesia, and an indication that high dose naloxone may have worsened retrograde amnesia for shape stimuli. There were no effects of high dose naloxone on seizure duration, vital signs, and subjective side effects. The study is consistent with prior research in which change in behavioral and physiological measures was produced principally by naloxone doses sufficient to block endogenous opioid receptors and offers evidence of the potential for ameliorating some adverse cognitive effects associated with ECT. Copyright (C) 1999 American College of Neuropsychopharmacology.
Low-dose esmolol bolus reduces seizure duration during electroconvulsive therapy: A double-blind, placebo-controlled study$$$ We have measured the effect of a bolus dose of esmolol 80 mg i.v. on heart rate, and systolic (SAP), diastolic (DAP) and mean (MAP) arterial pressures during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). We also assessed seizure duration using both the cuff method and two-lead EEG. We studied 20 patients in a double-blind, placebo-controlled, within-patient blocked randomized study. No patient was receiving psychotherapeutic drugs or had cardiovascular disease. Esmolol significantly reduced heart rate, SAP and MAP before the stimulus, and also significantly reduced the increases in these variables during the convulsion, compared with placebo. However, seizure duration was also significantly reduced, possibly making ECT less effective. The reduction in seizure duration was 5.83 s when monitored clinically and 9.9 s when measured by the EEG. Because of the reduction in seizure duration, routine administration of esmolol is not advisable because it may interfere with the efficacy of ECT, but administration of esmolol during ECT could be useful to reduce tachycardia and hypertension in high-risk patients.
Effect of ketorolac in pediatric sickle cell vaso-occlusive pain crisis$$$ Background: Ketorolac is a parenteral, nonsteroidal analgesic that does not have a narcotic's risks of respiratory depression, hypotension, or dependence. Its usefulness in providing pain relief in pediatric patients with acute vaso-occlusive crisis of sickle cell disease has not been studied to date. Methods: Twenty-nine patients with sickle cell disease between the ages of 5 and 18 years who presented to The Children's Hospital of Alabama emergency department (ED) with 41 distinct episodes of acute vaso-occlusive pain crisis were enrolled prospectively and randomized to receive either 0.9 mg/kg intravenous (IV) ketorolac or placebo in a double-blind fashion. All patients also received IV fluids and an initial 0.1 mg/kg of IV morphine. Subsequent standardized doses of morphine were given every 2 hours over a 6- hour observation period based upon severity of pain as scored by a 10-cm linear visual analog scale (VAS). Vital signs and pain severity were recorded initially and assessed hourly. Disposition was made at the end of the observation period. Results: Patients receiving ketorolac and those receiving placebo were of similar age, weight, gender, number of prior ED visits, number of prior hospital admissions, duration of pain prior to presentation, and initial pain score. The total dose of morphine received, reduction in severity of pain as measured by VAS, rate of hospital admission, and rate of return to the ED for discharged patients did not differ significantly between the two groups. Conclusion: We were unable to demonstrate a synergistic analgesic effect for ketorolac in the treatment of pain from acute vaso- occlusive crisis in pediatric sickle cell disease. Further investigations involving larger samples of sickle cell patients may be needed to further define a role for ketorolac in the acute management of sickle cell vaso- occlusive pain.
Intrathecal morphine: Double-blind evaluation of optimal dosage for analgesia after major lumbar spinal surgery$$$ Study Design. A prospective, randomized, double-blind study. Objectives. To evaluate the efficacy and safety of three different dosages of intrathecal morphine sulfate for postoperative analgesia after lumbar spinal fusion. Summary of Background Data. Analgesia and respiratory depression after intrathecal morphine sulfate injection are dose related. The optimal dose to use for major spinal surgery is not known. Methods. Sixty patients undergoing posterolateral lumbar fusion with or without decompression were divided randomly into 3 groups of 20 patients each. Anesthesia, monitoring, and surgery were similar for all patients. Just before closing of the wound, morphine sulfate was injected into the dural sack under direct visualization. Patients in groups 1-3 received 0.2 mg, 0.3 mg, and 0.4 mg morphine, respectively. Routine analgesia, consisting of diclofenac, was prescribed to use if necessary. Measurements were made and compared between the groups at zero hours (on admission to the Intensive Care Unit), 6 hours, 12 hours, 18 hours, and 24 hours after surgery. Results. At zero hours and at 12 hours after surgery, pain levels were similar in groups 2 and 3, but were significantly higher in group 1 (P < 0.05). The respiratory rate was significantly lower in group 3 than in the other two groups (P < 0.05), and the arterial CO2 tension (PaCO2) was consistently higher in group 3. PaCO2 decreased in all three groups over the first 24 hours. Pruritus and nausea did not differ among the three groups. Conclusions. For adult patients undergoing posterolateral lumbar fusion, 0.3 mg (0.004 mg/kg) is probably the optimal dose of intrathecal morphine to manage pain.
Double-blind controlled investigation of transcranial magnetic stimulation for the treatment of resistant major depression$$$ Objective: The efficacy and safety of left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) for treating resistant major depression were examined in a double-blind, controlled study. Method: Eighteen medication-resistant depressed subjects were randomly assigned to 2 weeks of real or sham rTMS, then permitted up to 4 weeks of real rTMS. Effects on mood, neuropsychological function, EEG, and hearing were assessed. Results: The groups receiving real and sham rTMS improved in mood significantly over the 2-week double-blind period, but there was no significant difference between groups. Conclusions: Repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation did not provide significantly greater improvement than did sham treatment. A 4-week course of rTMS, as administered in this study, was safe.
Effects of left frontal transcranial magnetic stimulation on depressed mood, cognition, and corticomotor threshold$$$ Background: The pathophysiology of depression may include synaptic hypoactivity of left prefrontal cortex. Several groups of investigators have described improved mood associated with rapid transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) but have not looked for possible cognitive side effects associated with left prefrontal magnetic stimulation. Methods: We measured the effects of left prefrontal rTMS on mood, cognition, and motor evoked potential threshold in 10 patients with medication-resistant major depression. Results: In a 2-week open trial of left prefrontal rTMS off antidepressant medications, scores on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and the Beck Depression Inventory decreased by 41% and 40%, respectively. After resuming pre-rTMS antidepressant medication, improvement in mood was still significant at 1 and 3 months later. rTMS had no adverse effects on neuropsychological performance. rTMS treatments were associated with significant decreases in motor evoked potential threshold in the 9 of 10 patients who remained off psychotropic medications during the 2-week treatment period. Conclusions: These preliminary data suggest that left prefrontal rTMS is safe and improves mood in patients with medication-resistant major depression. Changes in motor evoked potential threshold suggest that prefrontal rTMS may alter brain activity at sites remote from the stimulation. Double-blind, sham-controlled studies are needed.
Low dose mivacurium is less effective than succinylcholine in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Purpose: To compare the efficacy of low dose (LD) mivacurium (0.08 mg · kg-1) with LD succinylcholine (0.5 mg · kg-1) in modifying seizure activity during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Partial muscle relaxation is used in ECT to prevent violent muscle contractions. Current practice is to use LD succinylcholine which has several undesirable side effects. Method: Sixteen depressed, but otherwise healthy, patients, aged 27-67 yr were studied. In a randomized, double-blind, cross-over study, either LD mivacurium or LD succinylcholine was given at consecutive ECTs 120 and 30 sec respectively before inducing ECT. Neuromuscular blockade following mivacurium was not reversed. Seizure modification was scored - 0 = no seizure activity, 1 = over-modified, 2 = desired level, 3 = under-modified, 4 = unmodified. Duration of seizures, time to first breath and adequate ventilation, ability to protrude tongue and sustain hand grip for five seconds were recorded. Paired t- tests and Wilcoxon matched pairs test were used to compare data. P < 0.05 was considered significant. Results: Seizure modification was better (mean (range)) after succinylcholine 2.06(1-3) than after mivacurium 2.56(2- 4) (P < 0.05). Mivacurium was unsatisfactory in eight cases compared with two cases after succinylcholine. The study was terminated early because of unsatisfactory seizure control. Clinical assessments of recovery from both relaxants were similar Conclusion: Low dose mivacurium is unsuitable for use in ECT.
Efficacy of SSRIs and newer antidepressants in severe depression: Comparison with TCAs$$$ Background: The significant morbidity and mortality associated with severe depression and its psychotic or melancholic subtypes necessitate effective and well-tolerated therapy. This review evaluates antidepressant treatments for patients with severe depression. Data Sources: Comparative clinical trials conducted on patients with severe depression were found by an English-language MEDLINE search (1985 to present). Additional studies were identified in article bibliographies. Search terms included depressive disorders, depression and severe, hospitalized, melancholic or melancholia, psychotic, and endogenous. Study Findings: Evidence for efficacy of SSRIs in severe or melancholic depression comes from a small but growing number of controlled studies with adequate samples, as well as meta-analyses and retrospective subgroup analysis of premarketing trials. In studies that defined response as a 50% or greater reduction in Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) scores, response rates ranged from 53% to 64% for SSRIs and 43% to 70% for TCAs. In separate trials on severe depression, venlafaxine and mirtazapine were both more effective than placebo and an active comparator. Nefazodone and bupropion were each found to be more effective than placebo in studies of severe depression. Venlafaxine and mirtazapine have been found to be more effective than fluoxetine. Conclusion: SSRIs and TCAs are comparably effective for the treatment of severe or melancholic depression. SSRIs and other newer agents appear to be better tolerated than TCAs, specifically lacking adverse anticholinergic and cardiovascular effects that may limit the use of TCAs. Emerging data with venlafaxine and mirtazapine in severely depressed patients with or without melancholia support the efficacy of these treatments. Nefazodone and bupropion were found to be effective in hospitalized depressed patients. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or combined antidepressant therapy may be useful in some patients with severe depression. Patients with severe psychotic depression may respond better to an antipsychotic-antidepressant combination.
Continuation and maintenance electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The results of continuation/maintenance psychopharmacotherapy after an acute course of ECT, given for treatment-refractory depressive disorders, seems to be unsatisfactory. This literature-search tries to find what is known about the efficacy of continuation/maintenance-ECT, especially for treatment-refractory depressive disorders. The studies found had many complicating methodological issues. Definite conclusions about the efficacy of this treatment modality are not possible. The results are nevertheless encouraging. What is needed is a series of well-designed prospective randomized clinical trials which will determine the efficacy of continuation/maintenance-ECT. Comparison with rigorous treatment with psychopharmacotherapy is necessary. Other issues that need to be answered are formulated. Recommendations that follow from clinical experience are given.
Therapeutic efficacy of right prefrontal slow repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in major depression: A double-blind controlled study$$$ Background: Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS), a noninvasive technique for stimulation of the brain, has recently been suggested to be effective for the treatment of major depression. We conducted a double- blind, placebo-controlled study to assess the efficacy of slow repetitive TMS (rTMS) in patients with major depression. Methods: Seventy patients with major depression (53 women, 17 men; mean age, 58.7 years; SD, 17.2 years) were randomly assigned to receive rTMS or sham rTMS in a double-blind design. Treatment was administered in 10 daily sessions during a 2-week period. Severity of depression was blindly assessed before, during, and after completion of the treatment protocol. Results: All patients completed the first week of treatment and 67 completed the entire protocol. Patients who received rTMS had a significantly greater improvement in depression scores compared with those who received sham treatment. At the end of 2 weeks, 17 of 35 patients in the rTMS group, but only 8 of 32 in the sham-treated group, had an improvement of greater than 50% in their depression ratings. Conclusions: This controlled study provides evidence for the short-term efficacy of slow rTMS in patients with recurrent major depression. Additional studies will be necessary to assess the efficacy of rTMS as compared with electroconvulsive therapy as well as the long-term outcome of this treatment in major depression and possibly other psychiatric disorders.
A review of bipolar disorder among adults$$$ Objective: This paper reviews the epidemiology, etiology, assessment, and management of bipolar disorder. Special attention is paid to factors that complicate treatment, including noncompliance, comorbid disorders, mixed mania, and rapid cycling. Advances in biopsychosocial treatments are briefly reviewed, including new health service models for providing care. Methods: A MEDLINE search was done for the period from January 1988 through October 1997 using the key terms of bipolar disorder, diagnosis, and treatment. Papers selected for further review included those published in English in peer- reviewed journals. Preference was given to articles reporting randomized, controlled trials. Results: Bipolar disorder is a major public health problem. The etiology of the disorder appears multifactorial. Diagnosis often occurs years after onset of the disorder. Comorbid conditions are common. Management includes a lifetime course of medication and attention to psychosocial issues for patients and their families. Standardized treatment guidelines for the management of acute mania have been developed. New potential treatments are being investigated. Conclusions: Assessment of bipolar disorder must include careful attention to comorbid disorders and predictors of compliance. Randomized trials are needed to further evaluate the efficacy of medication, psychosocial interventions, and other health service interventions, particularly as they relate to the management of acute bipolar depression, bipolar disorder co-occurring with other disorders, and maintenance prophylactic treatment.
Blunted TSH response to TRH and seizure duration in ECT$$$ The relationship between the thyrotropin (TSH) response to thyrotropin- releasing hormone (TRH) and the duration of seizures induced by electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressed patients was investigated. In a balanced-order cross-over design, 16 depressed women were given 0.4 mg TRH or placebo intravenously, 20 min before ECT in the first two sessions. In the third ECT session TRH was given just prior to ECT. Thyrotropin (TSH) levels at various sampling times, as well as the duration of seizures, were measured. There was a significant inverse correlation between plasma TSH concentrations 20 min after TRH administration (ΔTSH) and seizure duration. Furthermore, when patients were categorized according to their TSH response to TRH, the group with blunted responses (ΔTSH < 6 μIU/mL, n=7) had a longer seizure time during ECT than the group with nonblunted responses (ΔTSH > 6 μIU/mL, n = 9). Finally, the seizure duration in the group with blunted TSH responses was reduced significantly when TRH was co-administered, while it remained unchanged in the group with non-blunted TSH responses. It is concluded that a blunted TSH response to TRH might indicate a seizure susceptibility as measured by the duration of seizures induced by ECT. The fact that TRH pre-administration had a reducing effect suggests that this substance might be involved in the pathophysiology of ECT-induced seizures.
Dexmedetomidine failed to block the acute hyperdynamic response to electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Orally administered clonidine (0.2-0.3 mg) has been reported to decrease the acute hypertensive response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) without prolonging early recovery. This preliminary study was designed to evaluate the acute hemodynamic effects of the investigational α2- adrenergic agonist, dexmedetomidine, in patients undergoing a series of ECT treatments. Methods: Six patients undergoing a series of three to six consecutive ECT treatments were studied according to a randomized, double- blind, placebo-controlled protocol. All patients received either saline or dexmedetomidine, 0.5 or 1.0 μg/kg intravenously, 10-30 min before induction of anesthesia for ECT using a standardized anesthesia protocol. In addition to assessing the cardiovascular variables, the duration of seizure activity, degree of sedation, and time to discharge from the Phase I recovery unit were assessed. Results: Although dexmedetomidine produced dose-related increases in the level of sedation before the ECF procedure, it failed to decrease the peak blood pressure and heart rate responses after the ECT treatment. The 0.5 and 1.0 μg/kg doses of dexmedetomidine prolonged the times to orientation and to discharge from the Phase I unit. Conclusions: The results of this pilot study suggest that dexmedetomidine (0.5-1.0 μg/kg given intravenously) is not beneficial in controlling the acute hyperdynamic response after ECT.
Combination of inositol and serotonin reuptake inhibitors in the treatment of depression$$$ Background: Inosositol has been reported to be an effective treatment in depression, and we hypothesized that inositol addition might enhance or speed up response to serotonin selective reuptake inhibitors (SSRI). Methods: Twenty-seven depressed patients completed a double-blind controlled 4-week trial of SSRI plus placebo or SSRI plus inositol. Hamilton Depression Rating Scale was used as an assessment tool at baseline, and 1, 2, 3, and 4 weeks. Results: No significant difference was found between the two treatment groups. Conclusions: Previous studies combining different effective antidepressant therapies similarly found no evidence for additive effects [e.g., monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOI) plus tricyclic antidepressants (TCA), TCA plus lithium]. By contrast, augmentation by lithium or MAOI after a failed course of antidepressant treatment is effective and should be studied with inositol.
Safety and feasibility of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in the treatment of anxious depression in pregnancy: A case report$$$ Background: The proper treatment of mood disorders occurring during pregnancy is a major therapeutic problem since no antidepressant medications have been established as safe for the developing fetus. Several double-blind placebo-controlled studies have explored the efficacy of repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) in depression. Case: We report the case of a 36-year-old woman in her second trimester of pregnancy, whose depression (DSM-IV) and anxiety were successfully treated with rTMS. Further studies of rTMS in depressed pregnant women appear warranted.
A comparison of myogenic motor evoked responses to electrical and magnetic transcranial stimulation during nitrous oxide/opioid anesthesia$$$ Transcranial motor evoked potentials (tc-MEPs) are used to monitor spinal cord integrity intraoperatively. We compared myogenic motor evoked responses with electrical and magnetic transcranial stimuli during nitrous oxide/opioid anesthesia. In 11 patients undergoing spinal surgery, anesthesia was induced with IV etomidate 0.3 mg/kg and sufentanil 1.5 μg/kg and was maintained with sufentanil 0.5 μg · kg-1 · h-1 and N2O 50% in oxygen. Muscle relaxation was kept at 25% of control with IV vecuronium. Electrical stimulation was accomplished with a transcranial stimulator set at maximal output (1200 V). Magnetic transcranial stimulation was accomplished with a transcranial stimulator set at maximal output (2 T). Just before skin incision, triplicate responses to single stimuli with both modes of cortical stimulation were randomly recorded from the tibialis anterior muscles. Amplitudes and latencies were compared using the Wilcoxon signed rank test. Bilateral tc-MEP responses were obtained in every patient with electrical stimulation. Magnetic stimulation evoked only unilateral responses in two patients. With electrical stimulation, the median tc-MEP amplitude was 401 μV (range 145-1145 μV), and latency was 32.8 ± 2.3 ms. With magnetic stimulation, the tc-MEP amplitude was 287 μV (range 64-506 μV) (P < 0.05), and the latency was 34.7 ± 2.1 ms (P < 0.05). We conclude that myogenic responses to magnetic transcranial stimulation are more sensitive to anesthetic-induced motoneural depression compared with those elicited by electrical transcranial stimulation. Implications: Transcranial motor evoked potentials are used to monitor spinal cord integrity intraoperatively. We compared the relative efficacy of electrical and magnetic transcranial stimuli in anesthetized patients. It seems that myogenic responses to magnetic transcranial stimulation are more sensitive to anesthetic-induced motoneural depression compared with electrical transcranial stimulation.
Post-seizure EEG fractal dimension of first ECT predicts antidepressant response at two weeks$$$ Background: Duration of seizure by itself is an insufficient criterion for a therapeutically adequate seizure in ECT. Therefore, measures of seizure EEG other than its duration need to be explored as indices of seizure adequacy and predictors of treatment response. We measured the EEG seizure using a geometrical method-fractal dimension (FD) and examined if this measure predicted remission. Methods: Data from an efficacy study on melancholic depressives (n = 40) is used for the present exploration. They received thrice or once weekly ECTs, each schedule at two energy levels high or low energy level. FD was computed for early-, mid- and post-seizure phases of the ictal EEG. Average of the two channels was used for analysis. Results: Two-thirds of the patients (n = 25) were remitted at the end of 2 weeks. As expected, a significantly higher proportion of patients receiving thrice weekly ECT remitted than in patients receiving once weekly ECT. Smaller post- seizure FD at first ECT is the only variable which predicted remission status after six ECTs. Within the once weekly ECT group too, smaller post-seizure FD was associated with remission status. Conclusions: Post-seizure FD is proposed as a novel measure of seizure adequacy and predictor of treatment response. Clinical implications: Seizure measures at first ECT may guide selection of ECT schedule to optimize ECT. Limitations: The study examined short term antidepressant effects only. The results may not be generalized to medication-resistant depressives.
A comparison of continuous epidural infusion and intermittent intravenous bolus doses of morphine in children undergoing selective dorsal rhizotomy$$$ Background and Objectives. Selective dorsal rhizotomy (SDR) is associated with moderate to severe postoperative pain. Although the efficacy of epidural analgesia in this population has been demonstrated, it has not been compared with conventional intravenous (i.v.) analgesia. This prospective study compared the effects of epidural and i.v. morphine regarding postoperative analgesia, side effects, and outcomes in children following SDR. Methods. Twenty-seven children were randomized to receive either epidural or i.v. analgesia. Children in the epidural group had a catheter placed by the neurosurgeon and received preservative-free morphine (Duramorph) 30 μg/kg, followed by an infusion of 3 μg/kg/h for 3 days. Children in the i.v. group received morphine 0.05-0.1 mg/kg intraoperatively, followed by 0.02 mg/kg doses postoperatively administered by nurses via a patient-controlled analgesia device. Results. The epidural group experienced lower pain scores (P = .04) and fewer muscle spasms (P ≤.04), and tolerated activity better (P ≤ .02) during the early postoperative period than the i.v. group. Side effects were similar between groups, with no respiratory depression in either group. Parents of children in both groups perceived an adequate level of comfort and were very satisfied with the analgesic technique. Additionally, parents believed that their child's postoperative pain was less than anticipated (P ≤ .01). Conclusions. Both techniques provided effective postoperative analgesia with a similar incidence of side effects; however, our findings suggest that continuous infusions of epidural morphine improved overall comfort with lower pain scores, fewer muscle spasms, and improved tolerance of activity during the initial postoperative period.
Management of poststroke depression in older people$$$ Depression is a common and under-recognized cause of suffering after stroke. Poststroke depression (PSD) is associated with poorer stroke recovery and increased mortality. Much published research focuses on controversies about demographic and lesion-related associations with PSD and the extent to which it is different from primary depressive illness without stroke. Methodological and population differences across studies account for at least part of the inconsistent research findings about PSD. Rates of treatment for PSD appear to be extremely low. Surprisingly little evidence is available about the effectiveness of various treatments for PSD, and randomized controlled clinical trials are needed. This article summarizes epidemiologic data about PSD, highlights stroke-related and demographic features that increase risk, and reviews the literature on treatment.
Depression in epilepsy: Etiology, phenomenology, and treatment$$$ A history of depression or depressive symptomatology has been reported in up to two-thirds of patients with medically intractable epilepsy, whereas community studies have demonstrated affective disorder only in a quarter of these patients. Depression has been reported peri- and interictally. However, differentiation may be difficult in patients with frequent seizures. Most authors have found no correlation between depression and epilepsy variables. However, complex partial seizures, especially of temporal lobe origin, appear to be etiologic factors, particularly in men with left-sided foci. Depression is also more common in patients treated with polytherapy especially with barbiturates, phenytoin, and vigabatrin. Depression has also been described de novo after temporal lobectomy. Psychosocial factors also play a part, but underlying risk factors (e.g., genetic, endocrine and metabolic) may explain the increased rates of depression in people with epilepsy compared to those with other neurologic and chronic medical conditions. The depression appears to be endogenous. Patients tend to exhibit fewer neurotic traits and more psychotic symptoms such as paranoia, delusions, and persecutory auditory hallucinations. Treatment approaches include psychotherapy, rationalization of antiepileptic drug medication, antidepressant treatment, and ECT. The tricyclic and related antidepressants appear to be epileptogenic, especially in people at high risk (personal or family history of seizures, abnormal pretreatment EEG, brain damage, alcohol or substance abuse/withdrawal and concurrent use of CNS-active medication). Seizures tend to occur early in treatment or after dose increments, especially if rapidly titrated. There is little evidence that the newer antidepressants, e.g., selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, moclobemide, venlafaxine, or nefazodone are more epileptogenic than placebo.
EEG seizure in bilateral ECT is different between low and high stimulus doses$$$ Melancholic depressive patients referred for ECT were randomized to receive either low dose (n = 20) or high dose (n = 20) stimulus applied bifrontotemporally. The two stimulus groups were comparable on the clinical variables. The EEG seizure was recorded on two channels (right and left frontal), digitized, coded and analyzed offline without knowledge of ECT parameters. EEG seizure was of comparable duration in the two stimulus (high dose and low dose) groups. A new composite measure, Strength-Symmetry-Index (SSI), based on strength and symmetry of seizure EEG was computed using fractal geometry. The SSI of the early-seizure was higher in the high dose than in the low dose ECT group. In a stepwise, logistic regression model, this variable contributed to 65% with correct classification of high dose and low dose ECT seizures.
Once vs. three times weekly ECT in melancholia: A randomized controlled trial$$$ Once weekly and three times weekly schedules of ECT, each at two stimulus dose levels (high and low), were compared for therapeutic efficacy in melancholia. Three times weekly ECTs were more efficacious than once weekly ECTs. A high stimulus dose did not enhance the efficacy of once weekly ECTs. However, the patients who remitted did so over a comparable time- course regardless of the ECT schedule. Although three times weekly ECTs are superior, 55% of patients responded to once weekly ECTs. There is therefore a need for research to identify the patients for whom once weekly ECT may be sufficient.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation in mania: A controlled study$$$ Objective: Left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation has been reported to have ECT-like effects in depression; therefore, the authors planned a study of transcranial magnetic stimulation in mania. Method: Sixteen patients completed a 14-day double-blind, controlled trial of right versus left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation at 20 Hz (2-second duration per train, 20 trains/day for 10 treatment days). Mania was evaluated with the Mania Scale, the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale, and the Clinical Global Impression. Results: Significantly more improvement was observed in patients treated with right than with left prefrontal transcranial magnetic stimulation. Conclusions: The therapeutic effect of transcranial magnetic stimulation in mania may show laterality opposite to its effect in depression.
Effects of electroconvulsive therapy on plasma vasopressin and oxytocin$$$ Background: Animal studies suggest that vasopressin has cognitive- enhancing properties and oxytocin may have amnestic effects. A clinical report suggests that the acute increase in oxytocin-associated neurophysin predicts clinical response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressed patients. Methods: Medication-free patients with major depression were randomized to receive right unilateral or bilateral ECT administered with electrical stimulus intensity at either just above seizure threshold or at 150% above seizure threshold. The associations between plasma vasopressin, oxytocin, ECT treatment parameters, clinical outcome, and cognitive effects were assessed. Results: The sample comprised 55 patients. At the second ECT, patients receiving ECT at 150% above initial seizure threshold had significantly greater increases in plasma vasopressin than patients receiving low-dose ECT (ps < .01-.04), with no effects of electrode placement. At the second and ninth ECT treatments, the vasopressin or oxytocin surges were not associated with clinical improvement, seizure duration, time to orientation, or memory test performance. There were inverse trend-level associations between the acute surge in oxytocin levels at the ninth ECT and clinical response, contradicting a report in the literature. Conclusions: Overall, these findings do not support the hypothesis that diencephalic seizure propagation is central to the mechanism of action of ECT.
A trial to determine any difference between two and three times a week ECT in the rate of recovery from depression$$$ This study considers the difference in outcome between the two most commonly used frequencies of ECT administration, two and three times a week, in a standard clinical setting. Forty-one subjects who satisfied ICD-10 criteria for major depressive episode were randomly allocated to twice or three times a week ECT. HDRS (17-item) and MMSE scores were performed pre- treatment, during treatment and post-treatment. The mean number of ECTs in the two and three times a week groups were 5.90 and 6.85 and the mean length of treatment course (days) was 18.82 and 16.65, respectively. None of these differences were statistically significant. There were dramatic improvements in HDRS scores in both groups but there were no statistically significant differences in HDRS scores between the groups during treatment. However, the group that received ECT two times a week showed statistically significant lower HDRS scores in the week following the end of the ECT course. MMSE scores did not differ between the groups. We concluded that ECT given three times a week provides no advantage over twice a week administration. Therefore, twice a week ECT is the preferred frequency.
Electroshock: Scientific, ethical, and political issues$$$ Electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) is increasingly used in North America and there are attempts to promote its further use world-wide. However, most controlled studies of efficacy in depression indicate that the treatment is no better than placebo with no positive effect on the rate of suicide. ECT is closed-head electrical injury, typically producing a delirium with global mental dysfunction (an acute organic brain syndrome). Significant irreversible effects from ECT are demonstrated by many studies, including: (1) Inventories of autobiographic and current events memories before and after ECT; (2) Retrospective subjective observations on memory; (3) Autopsy studies of animals and some of humans. ECT causes severe and irreversible brain neuropathology, including cell death. It can wipe out vast amounts of retrograde memory while producing permanent cognitive dysfunction. Contemporary ECT is more dangerous since the current doses are larger than those employed in earlier clinical and research studies. Elderly women, an especially vulnerable group, are becoming the most common target of ECT. Because of the lopsided risk/benefit ratio, because it is fundamentally traumatic in nature, because so many of the patients are vulnerable and unable to protect themselves, and because advocates of ECT fail to provide informed consent to patients-ECT should be banned.
Effects of nicardipine and labetalol on the acute hemodynamic response to electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Study Objective: To examine the acute hemodynamic effects of intravenous (IV) nicardipine and its ability to attenuate the hyperdynamic response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), when used alone or in combination with labetalol. Design: Prospective, randomized, double-blind, positive-control, clinical investigation. Setting: University hospital. Patients: 36 patients undergoing ECT. Interventions: In a series of three studies, the hemodynamic effects of nicardipine were assessed prior to, during, and after ECT. After administration of glycopyrrolate 0.1 mg IV, placebo (saline) or nicardipine was administered by rapid infusion (1, 2.5, 5, 10, and 15 mg) or bolus injection (1.25, 2.5, and 5 mg), either alone or in combination with labetalol 10 mg IV. Unconsciousness was induced with methohexital 1 mg/kg IV; succinylcholine 1.2 to 1.5 mg/kg IV was administered for muscle relaxation. A bilateral electrical stimulus was delivered and the durations of motor and electroencephalographic (EEG) seizures were noted. Measurements and Main Results: Mean arterial pressure (MAP) and heart rate (HR) values were recorded at 1- to 5-minute intervals throughout the study period. When administered as a rapid infusion, nicardipine 5 mg IV produced a significant decrease in MAP; however, nicardipine dosages of 10 to 15 mg IV did not produce a significantly greater decrease in MAP than 5 mg. Bolus administration of nicardipine 1.25 to 5 mg produced a rapid onset of its hemodynamic effects without exacerbating the cardiovascular depressant effects of methohexital. However, the decrease in MAP was accompanied by an increase in HR after administration of the 5 mg IV bolus dose. The acute hyperdynamic response to ECT was most effectively controlled by nicardipine 2.5 to 5 mg IV bolus, in combination with labetalol 10 mg IV. Seizure duration was not significantly altered by the use of nicardipine as part of the anesthetic regimen for ECT. Conclusion: Nicardipine 2.5 mg IV bolus in combination with labetalol 10 mg IV was the most effective pretreatment regimen for preventing the acute hyperdynamic response to ECT. However, this combination produced a 20% decrease in MAP immediately prior to ECT and a lower MAP at the time of discharge.
Propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT): A comparison of seizure-quality measures and vital signs$$$ In a randomized crossover study, the influence of the anesthetics methohexital and propofol on EEG seizure parameters, seizure-quality measures, vital signs, and oxygen saturation (Spo2) and end-tidal carbon dioxide tension (ETco2) was investigated; 146 treatments of 31 patients were analyzed. Significant differences were observed between agents for mean postictal pulse and blood pressure values. With methohexital, there was a clear postictal increase of mean blood pressure from 126/78 mm Hg to 161/102 mm Hg, whereas there was no increase with propofol (p = 0.00), and with methohexital, a postictal increase of the mean pulse rate from 81 to 90 beats/min and a slight decrease with propofol (79 to 78 beats/min). There were no differences in the Spo2 and ETco2. The mean seizure duration for unilateral treatments was significantly longer with methohexital (52.7 s) compared with propofol (34.1 s; p = 0.000), but there was no difference for the seizure-quality measures: postictal suppression index (propofol 79.7%, methohexital 77.4%) and mean integrated amplitude (30.2/31.8) were the same for both anesthetic agents. The results show that differences in seizure duration are unrelated to seizure-quality measures.
The efficacy and use of anticonvulsants in mood disorders$$$ Carbamazepine and valproate have utility in the acute and prophylactic treatment of mood disorders that appears comparable with that of lithium, but there are emerging differences as well, including responsiveness in some lithium-nonresponsive illness subtypes. Carbamazepine and valproate are generally well tolerated, but each has its own adverse effect profile and proclivity for pharmacokinetic interactions. The high potency (anticonvulsant) benzodiazepines have utility in mood disorders as adjuncts to mood stabilizers and often can obviate the need for neuroleptics. Several small studies suggest that the dihydropyridine L-type calcium channel blockers can be useful mood stabilizers, and several new antiepileptic agents, especially lamotrigine and gabapentin, may have mood-stabilizing properties. The actions of electroconvulsive therapy as they relate to activation of endogenous anticonvulsant processes, and the potential therapeutic effects of nonconvulsive repeated transcranial magnetic stimulation of brain, are promising areas of mood disorder research.
The use of lithium to augment antidepressant medication$$$ Lithium is one of the most studied agents used to augment the pharmacologic effect of antidepressant drugs, particularly in refractory depression. We reviewed 22 case reports, 22 open trials, 5 open comparison studies, and 9 placebo-controlled studies of lithium augmentation and 6 studies in which antidepressants were added to, or coadministrated with, lithium. The efficacy of the augmentation therapeutic strategy is supported by these analyses, involving 969 patients. The optimal dose and the most effective blood levels of lithium are unclear, but a reasonable strategy would be to start with low doses (600-900 mg/day) and, if necessary, to increase the doses to obtain a level in accordance with the usual therapeutic range of blood levels (0.8-1.2 mEq/L). Some patients respond quickly, but others need a long and combined treatment; it is thus advantageous to prescribe lithium for at least 3 to 6 weeks. Despite the fact that the mechanism of action of lithium augmentation is still unknown, all refractory depressed patients can potentially be treated by lithium augmentation, particularly bipolar patients, to obtain full prophylactic effect as soon as possible.
Low frequency daily left prefrontal rTMS improves mood in bipolar depression: A placebo-controlled case report$$$ Preliminary studies in unipolar depression indicate that daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) reduces symptoms of depression. rTMS treatment of depression occurring in the setting of bipolar disorder has been less well studied. To assess the efficacy and toxicity of rTMS in the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, we treated a man with bipolar disorder who was known to develop hypomania and mania with conventional antidepressants. A 47 year old man with Bipolar Disorder type 1, depressed phase, was entered into a double-blind parallel treatment trial of left prefrontal rTMS. He was randomized to receive left prefrontal rTMS at low frequency (5 Hz) for 2 weeks, which was then followed by an open phase. The patient's Hamilton Depression scores decreased 44 per cent across the first 2 weeks. In an open extension, his mood further improved over another 2 weeks and he was gradually tapered from rTMS treatments. He had no side effects. Importantly, he did not develop mania, as had occurred with all prior antidepressant trials. After several months he experienced a recurrence of depressive symptoms, was retreated, and re-responded. Further studies are warranted to investigate the optimum dose, duration, location and frequency of rTMS treatments for the depressed phase of bipolar disorder.
Treatment of depression in patients with multiple sclerosis$$$ BACKGROUND- Multiple sclerosis is the most common demyelinating disorder among young adults. The disease is frequently accompanied by psychiatric disturbances, of which depression is the main cause of impaired quality of life. The lifetime risk of depression among patients with multiple sclerosis is as high as 50%, and the risk of suicide is greatly increased in this subgroup. Surprisingly, despite advances in the treatment of depression, little research focusing on depressed patients with multiple sclerosis has been published. It is important that neurologists know how to approach the depressive co-morbidity. REVIEW SUMMARY- Psychotherapy, electroconvulsive treatment, pharmacotherapy, and light therapy are, alone or in combination, the treatments for depression. The emerging trend in neurological patients and patients with multiple sclerosis is to combine support group therapy and pharmacological interventions as the first-line treatment for depression. Based on tolerability and pharmacokinetic studies, the use of serotonin- specific reuptake inhibitors is recommended for patients with multiple sclerosis. Electroconvulsive therapy is efficient, but more research is needed to explore possible contraindications for this procedure, such as active lesions. CONCLUSIONS- This review allows the neurologist to better understand the approach to treatment of patients with multiple sclerosis suffering from co-morbid depression. The use of pharmacotherapy is encouraged so that quality of life, rehabilitation efforts, and risk of suicide are improved. There is urgent need for large-scale studies using the newer antidepressants now available in the United States and Europe.
Variation of ictal electroencephalographic regularity with low-, moderate-, and high-dose stimuli during right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background: Previous work has demonstrated changes in electroencephalographic (EEG) ictal morphology during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as stimulus intensity is increased from barely suprathreshold to moderately suprathreshold. Our study reports on the reactivity of seizure regularity ratings in 11 subjects receiving right unilateral (RUL) ECT as the stimulus is varied over a wider range of intensities from low to medium, then high dose. Methods: The stimulus intensity of all 11 subjects was first increased from barely suprathreshold to moderately suprathreshold, and then randomized to either stay at a moderately suprathreshold dose or increase to a high dose. The regularity of the EEG ictal discharge was visually measured on a seven-point scale. Results: We found that seizure regularity increases as the stimulus intensity moves from the barely suprathreshold to the moderately suprathreshold dosage, but did not increase further when the stimulus increased to a high dose. Conclusions: These results suggest that EEG regularity is unlikely to distinguish moderately suprathreshold from markedly suprathreshold stimuli during RUL ECT.
Seasonal affective disorders$$$ Seasonal affective disorder is a pattern of major depressive episodes that occur and remit with changes in seasons. It may be seen in major depressive or bipolar disorders, as described in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM-IV). The most recognized form of seasonal affective disorder, 'winter depression,' is characterized by recurrent episodes of depression, hypersomnia, augmented appetite with carbohydrate craving, and weight gain that begin in the autumn and continue through the winter months. Physicians have many options for treating seasonal affective disorder. While questions regarding the validity of seasonal affective disorder as a syndrome and the mechanism of action of light therapy continue to be investigated, the established effectiveness of light therapy in patients with winter depression supports the usefulness of assessment for this seasonal pattern and consideration of light therapy as an option in addition to existing treatment choices.
The treatment of psychotic depression$$$ Psychotic depression is marked by increased severity, longer episodes, greater incapacity, and a lower likelihood of placebo response. Psychotic features often recur in subsequent episodes and interepisode intervals are shorter when psychotic features have been previously present. Among the treatment options for psychotic depression, electroconvulsive therapy is particularly effective. Conventional pharmacotherapy consists of tricyclic antidepressants combined with antipsychotics; recovery with tricyclic antidepressant monotherapy is less likely. Serotonin selective reuptake inhibitors may prove useful but the relevant literature is scant. Pharmacokinetic interactions are likely in combination treatment, as are side effects that may mimic the underlying condition. Little is known regarding the importance of antipsychotics to maintenance therapy.
Double-blind study of fluoxetine vs. amitriptiline in depressive and anxiety symtoms and life quality in adults with major depression$$$ Depressive disorders have a high prevalence (4.4 %) in the general population (9). Many strategies are now available for the treatment of these disorders, including psychotherapy, sleep deprivation, antidepressive agents and electroconvulsive therapy among others. Commonly, depressive disorders considered moderately severe and severe are preferably treated with antidepressive drugs (8). It was thought for many years that patients who suffered from depression and anxiety responded better to tertiary amines (i.e. amitripmine) and that depressed patients with psychomotor retardation responded better to secondary amines such as desimipramine (10), but no concluding data of these findings has been reported (5). Tolerability and efficacy of antidepressive drugs can be better evaluated if the impact on quality of life is considered. Commonly, patients that suffer from depression present variable degrees of social, work and family impairment. It is then expected that drugs that are better tolerated and produce less adverse events will provide a better quality of life for depressed patients. The objective of the present study was to compare the efficacy and safety of fluoxetine vs amitriptyline in the treatment of depression with anxiety symptoms. Special emphasis was made on the evaluation of anxiety symptoms and the impact of both treatments on the quality of life of the patients. Ambulatory patients of both sexes, between 18 and 65 years, who met DSM-III-R criteria for Major Depression were included in the study. A minimum score of 18 points on the Hamilton Scale for Depression (HAM-D21) was also required as an inclusion criteria. All patients included in the study signed an informed consent prior to study participation. All the patients that were enrolled in the study received a 7 day placebo lead-in period, if a patient showed a + 20 % improvement from basal evaluation on the HAM-D, he was excluded from the study. Patients who showed < 20 % improvement were randomly assigned to one of two treatment groups: 20 mg/day of fluoxetine or a maximum of 250 mg/day of amitripyine for a period of 6 weeks. Clinical and safety assessments were carried out with the following scales: Hamilton Scale for Anxiety (HAM-A), HAM-D 21, Global Clinical impression Scale (GCI), Global Patient Impression Scale (GPI), Raskin Scale and the Covi Scale. A total of 42 patients were assigned to double-blind therapy (21 in each group). The mean age was 37.5±10.4 (SD) years. After the 6 weeks treatment, all patients that concluded the study showed significant improvement as measured by the HAM-D Scale (p < 001). No significant differences were found when both treatment groups were compared. CGI Scale (improvement and severity) showed significant changes throughout the study in patients treated with fluoxetine and those treated with amitriptyline. Anxiety symptoms were assessed with the HAM-A Scale. Both, the patients receiving fluoxetine and those receiving amitriptyline showed significant changes throughout the 6 weeks treatment. An efficacy analysis was performed to compare the proportion of patients that showed a + 50 % improvement on the HAM-D Scale. It was found that 33.3 % of the patients treated with fluoxetine, when compared to 30.9 % of the patients that received amitriptyline showed this improvement (p = .727), though the difference was not significant. The number of adverse events was significantly different when the two treatment groups were compared (4.9 fluoxetine vs 11.6 amitriptyline 11.6) p = .05. A higher proportion of patients on the amitriptyline group did not complete the study (47.6 %), compared to 33.3 % on the fluoxetine group. The results of this study are in accordance with the 8 international comparative studies carried out with fluoxetine and amitriptyline, where an equal antidepressive with comorbid anxiety efficacy has been reported.
Prolactin response to electroconvulsive therapy: Effects of electrode placement and stimulus dosage$$$ Background: It is unclear whether the serum prolactin (PRL) surge following electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is a marker of optimal ECT administration. We investigated the relations among PRL surge, stimulus parameters, and outcome in major depressive disorder (MDD). Methods: Seventy- nine patients with MDD were randomized in a double-blind trial to right unilateral (RUL) or bilateral (BL), and to low-dose (just above seizure threshold) or high-dose (2.5 x threshold) ECT. Results: Change in PRL (ΔPRL) varied among treatment groups, with significant effects of electrode placement (BL > RUL, p < .006), electrical dosage (high > low, p < .04), and gender (female > male, p < .005). There was no evidence that clinical improvement was associated with greater PRL surge. Conclusions: Although ΔPRL varied with parameters impacting on response rates, these data indicate the PRL surge cannot serve as a useful index of clinically effective treatment. This finding does not support the view that diencephalic seizure propagation is necessary for ECT to exert therapeutic effects.
The treatment of psychotic depression in later life: A comparison of pharmacotherapy and ECT$$$ Objective. Response to combination pharmacotherapy and to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was evaluated in elderly patients with psychotic depression. Method. Twenty-five patients, aged 60 years and older, with DSM-III-R unipolar psychotic major depression, were treated in an open, non-randomized fashion with either 6 weeks of nortriptyline and perphenazine (N = 8) or ECT (N = 17). Response was defined as a Hamilton score of ≤ 10 and the absence of delusions and hallucinations. Patients who failed to respond to combined antidepressant-antipsychotic medication underwent 2 weeks of lithium augmentation. Results. Two (25.0%) patients responded to the first 6 weeks of pharmacotherapy whereas 15 (88.2%) patients responded to ECT (Fisher's exact test, p = 0.004). Even after lithium augmentation, there was a trend for patients to be less responsive to medication than to ECT (50.0% versus 88.2%, Fisher's exact test, p = 0.059). Survival analysis, based on 8 weeks of observation, demonstrated that patients took longer to respond to pharmacotherapy than to ECT (mean (SE) of 7(0) weeks versus 4(0) weeks; log rank X2 = 10.43, df = 1, p = 0.001). Conclusions. We found that elderly patients with psychotic depression had a significantly lower frequency of response to nortriptyline and perphenazine than to ECT. However, patients responded more slowly to pharmacotherapy than to ECT and longer duration of treatment may have improved the outcome of the medication group. These findings suggest the need for a randomized controlled trial comparing the efficacies of drug treatment and ECT in late life psychotic depression.
Clinical application of time-dependent sensitization to antidepressant therapy$$$ 1. A number of animal studies have shown that the actions of numerous drugs can grow or sensitize with the passage of time following even a single treatment, to achieve results equal to or greater than those seen after chronic administration. 2. Our laboratory earlier proposed that this principle might be applied to the treatment of human disorders. It was suggested that the same results might be achieved by giving drugs once every one or two weeks rather than daily, or, even more likely, several-times- daily. 3. Here the authors review the clinical literature relevant to that hypothesis, as it relates to antidepressant therapies. 4. The evidence uniformly supports our earlier thesis that the therapeutic influence of antidepressants would grow with the passage of time, even as their pharmacokinetic actions are declining.
Cost and benefit in the choice of ECT schedule: Twice versus three times weekly ECT$$$ Background: We compared the anti-depressant and cognitive effects of up to eight sessions of bilateral, brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) administered twice (ECT x 2) or three times weekly (ECT x 3), to confirm that ECT x 3 acts more rapidly although the two schedules are equivalent in antidepressant outcome, and to establish whether ECT x 3 is indeed associated with more severe memory impairment. Method: Patients with major depression, endogenous subtype were randomly assigned to ECT x 3 or ECT x 2 plus one simulated ECT per week, both up to a maximum of eight real ECT. Depression was evaluated by the Hamilton Depression Scale the day after each treatment and cognitive function by a test battery administered before and after the ECT series and at one month follow-up. Results: Assessed categorically or parametrically, there was no significant difference in antidepressant outcome between the two schedules. Rate of response was significantly more rapid with ECT x 3 but was associated with more severe memory impairment. Conclusions: Twice weekly administration is an optimum schedule for bilateral ECT unless clinical indications require the more rapid antidepressant effect of three times weekly treatment.
The use of flumazenil in the anxious and benzodiazepine-dependent ECT patient$$$ Many patients who receive electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) are benzodiazepine dependent or are anxious and require benzodiazepine drugs. Because these agents may diminish the therapeutic effectiveness of ECT, we explored the dosing, safety, and efficacy of pre-ECT flumazenil administration, a benzodiazepine-competitive antagonist, in patients receiving benzodiazepine medications. We report our experience with 35 patients who received both flumazenil and benzodiazepine drugs during their ECT course. We compared seizure duration with and without flumazenil and compared treatment efficacy to 49 patients who received ECT without either of these medications. Flumazenil could be safely administered with ECT A few subjects taking higher chronic benzodiazepine dosages experienced breakthrough anxiety or withdrawal symptoms, which were well managed by dosing flumazenil immediately before the anesthetic agent and by immediate posttreatment benzodiazepine administration. A dose of 0.4-0.5 mg was adequate for all but those taking the highest benzodiazepine dosages, where 0.8-1.0 mg resulted in a clinically more effective reversal. No differences in efficacy or seizure duration were found as a function of flumazenil administration. Flumazenil offers the promise of safe and effective ECT in patients receiving benzodiazepine drugs. Follow-up outcome investigation on a random assignment basis will be necessary for definitive assessment of the value of flumazenil. In addition, the direct effect of benzodiazepine drugs and the flumazenil/benzodiazepine combination on ECT seizures remains to be determined.
A comparison of brief and ultrabrief pulse stimuli in unilateral ECT$$$ A double-blind, randomized, comparative study of the therapeutic efficacy and side effects of unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) given with two different stimulus types was carried out in the Kuffner Sanatorium, Horni Berkovice, Czech Republic. Brief or ultrabrief pulse stimuli were used in 48 hospitalized patients, ages 17-61 years, diagnosed with either schizophrenia (n = 42) or major depression (n = 6). All patients received eight unilateral treatments each. Their clinical state and presence of cognitive impairment were evaluated with a battery of tests and rating scales before ECT, after the last ECT, and 1 month later. Patients were markedly improved after the course of ECT, and the improvement was maintained 1 month later. There were no significant differences in the extent of improvement between the groups treated with brief and ultrabrief-pulse stimuli. No deleterious effects on cognitive functions and memory were detected. In fact, there was a trend toward improvement in memory and other cognitive functions after ECT in both groups, with no significant difference between them. The two stimulus waveforms studied (brief and ultrabrief pulse) thus appear to be equally effective and flee of deleterious effects on memory and cognition. The response in schizophrenic patients was remarkable and deserving of further study.
Depression and Alzheimer's disease$$$ Depressive symptoms, due either major depression or clinically significant, subsyndromal depression, occur commonly in the course of Alzheimer's disease. For a variety of clinical and methodological reasons, this remains an area that begs for new investigation. At the very least, these depressive symptoms should be viewed as a cause of significant and treatable 'excess disability' (Kramer and Reifler, 1992). Demented patients with clinically significant depression (e.g., depressed mood, significant loss of appetite, insomnia, fatigue, irritability, and agitation) should be considered for a trial of antidepressant therapy, even when they fail to meet full diagnostic criteria for major depression. These symptoms will, in most instances, respond to antidepressant therapy. The 'rules' for treatment of depression in dementia are slightly different than for cognitively intact patients: (a) start low, go slower, (b) pay attention to cognitive toxicity of all medication combinations, and (c) depressive symptoms do not persist as long as in cognitively intact patients. Current treatments, especially those SSRI's like fluoxetine and sertraline that have cognitive enhancing effects, should be considered the 'first line' antidepressants. We need to emphasize early detection and treatment of depressive symptoms in dementia in all arenas.
Effects of TRH administration on orientation time and recall after ECT$$$ We investigated the effect of thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) on orientation time and recall, in nine depressed female inpatients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In a balanced order crossover design, an intravenous bolus of 0.4 mg TRH or placebo was administered 20 min before ECT in the first two sessions. Orientation time and retrograde and anterograde components of the memory dysfunction, immediately and 24 h later, were assessed. Administration of TRH did not influence orientation time, word recall, or immediate short story recall compared with placebo. We did find, however, an improvement in the number of short story items recalled after 24 h when patients were given TRH compared with placebo. This indicates that TRH may have a protective role against the specific negative effect of ECT on delayed recall.
Belief systems of the general public concerning the appropriate treatments for mental disorders$$$ A study was conducted to assess the belief systems of the general public concerning the appropriate treatments for mental disorders and correlates of these belief systems. The study was based on the results of a household survey of the general public in Australia, using a national random sample of 2031 adults aged 18-74 years. Respondents were given a vignette describing either a person with depression or one with schizophrenia, and were asked for their opinions about the helpfulness of various professional and non-professional treatments for the person described. A principal components analysis of the helpfulness ratings gave three factors: a Medical factor with high loadings on all drug treatments (except Vitamins) and on Psychiatric ward and ECT; a Psychological factor with high loadings on Counsellor, Social worker, Phone counselling, Psychiatrist, Psychologist, Psychotherapy and Hypnosis; and a Lifestyle factor with high loadings on Close family, Close friends, Naturopath, Vitamins, Physical activity, and Get out more. The same factors emerged from ratings of the two vignettes. Mean scores on scales constructed from the items with high loadings showed that the public tend to have a negative view of medical treatments and a positive view of psychological and lifestyle ones. However, medical treatments were rated more negatively for depression than for schizophrenia, psychological treatments were rated more positively for schizophrenia, and lifestyle treatments more positively for depression. Age, sex and education of respondents showed few associations with scores on the scales, although the better educated were more in favour of psychological treatments for both depression and schizophrenia and were less opposed to medical treatments for schizophrenia. Respondents who had suffered from the symptoms described in the schizophrenia vignette were more negative towards medical treatments. These findings about public belief systems could have implications for the provision of treatment: where there is a discrepancy in belief system between the patient and the clinician there may be poor adherence to treatment.
Electroconvulsive therapy vs. paroxetine in treatment-resistant depression - A randomized study$$$ Failure to respond to adequate pharmacological treatment for major depression is now the most common indication for the use of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The advantages of ECT with respect to both speed and quality of response are clinically important issues, but surprisingly few studies have examined the efficacy of ECT in relation to newer antidepressant agents such as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs). A total of 39 subjects with major depression and with at least two failed antidepressant trials (mean 4.9 trials) were randomized to either paroxetine treatment (n=18) or right unilateral (RUL) ECT (n=21). Up to the end of the study treatment we found a reduction in the HAMD score of 59% for the ECT group and of 29% for the paroxetine group (P<0.001 paired t-test). In the ECT group, 71% of subjects fulfilled the response criteria (at least a 50% decrease in total HAMD score). The present study found ECT to be superior to paroxetine in medication-resistant major depression, in terms of both degree and speed of response.
Drug-induced switching in bipolar disorder: Epidemiology and therapeutic implications$$$ The use of antidepressants in patients with unipolar depression is associated with a negligible rate of switching into mania. In contrast, in patients with bipolar disorder, even those treated concomitantly with a mood stabiliser, such switching appears to represent a greater problem. Preliminary evidence from some controlled studies suggests that antidepressants may double the incidence of a switch, from some 25% in patients receiving placebo to 50% in those receiving tricyclic antidepressants. Other series in patients with rapid cycling bipolar disorder suggest an even higher switch rate; however, only about one-third of the observed switches are likely to be attributable to the antidepressant (i.e. unrelated to the natural course of illness). In addition to these phenomena, cycle acceleration has been observed consistently in a subgroup of patients with bipolar disorder who are receiving maintenance treatment with tricyclic antidepressants, and this has been verified by periods of discontinuation and reintroduction of the drug. Cycle acceleration appears to occur in approximately one-fifth of patients with refractory bipolar illness. Given these potential liabilities, it is unclear as to what is the most judicious treatment algorithm to follow for the bipolar patient with depression that is breaking through treatment with a mood stabiliser. In the absence of adequate studies, our own algorithm is to use antidepressants judiciously in nonrapid cycling patients, but to relatively avoid them in rapid and ultra-rapid cyclers. Instead, we prefer to use adjunctively a second mood stabiliser prior to the introduction of a unimodal antidepressant. Systematic controlled clinical trials are eagerly awaited, comparing not only the acute antidepressant efficacy of the newer antidepressants, but their liability in causing a switch or cycle induction when introduced into long term prophylaxis. With the advent of a series of new potential mood stabilising agents, direct comparison of the addition of a second mood stabiliser with that of a unimodal antidepressant will help establish the comparative risk: benefit ratios of these differential approaches. It is also hoped that clinical and biological markers of differential antidepressant responsivity will ultimately be identified and help to refine the process of choosing the best antidepressant modality for depression breaking through prophylaxis with mood stabilisers in patients with bipolar disorder.
Mood improvement following daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation in patients with depression: A placebo-controlled crossover trial$$$ Objective: Preliminary studies have indicated that daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation might have antidepressant activity. The authors sought to confirm this finding by using a double-blind crossover design. Method: Twelve depressed adults received in random order 2 weeks of active treatment (repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation, 20 Hz at 80% motor threshold) and 2 weeks of sham treatment. Results: Changes from the relevant phase baseline in scores on the 21-item Hamilton depression scale showed that repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation significantly improved mood over sham treatment. During the active-treatment phase, Hamilton depression scale scores decreased 5 points, while during sham treatment the scores increased or worsened by 3 points. No adverse effects were noted. Conclusions: These placebo-controlled results suggest that daily left prefrontal repetitive transcranial magnetic stimulation has antidepressant activity when administered at these parameters. Further controlled studies are indicated to explore optimal stimulation characteristics and location, potential clinical applications, and possible mechanisms of action.
Strategies and tactics in the treatment of chronic depression$$$ Chronic depressions include major depressive disorder, recurrent, without full interepisode recovery; major depressive disorder, currently in a chronic (i.e., ≤ 2 years) episode; double depression; dysthymic disorder; and those depressive disorders-not otherwise specified (NOS)-that are persistent or predictably recurrent with substantial disability. Strategic treatment decision include (1) whether to treat with medication, psychotherapy, ECT, or other methods; (2) selection among specific agents with long-term efficacy and tolerability (preferably established by randomized controlled trials); (3) selection of the next treatment should the initial treatment fail or be found intolerable; and (4) deciding whether to provide maintenance treatment. Tactical decisions are those needed to optimally implement the strategies selected; for example (1) how to optimally dose, (2) how long ton continue an acute phase treatment trial, (3) how to measure outcome, and (4) how to identify and manage subsequent symptomatic breakthrough or side effects (which may also require revisions in the initial strategies). Some antidepressant medications evidence efficacy and safety in acute phase treatment of the chronically depressed, but continuation and maintenance phase treatments for these patients are less well investigated and deserve further study. The clinical implications of what is known to date for managing these patients are discussed.
Quantifying the speed of symptomatic improvement with electroconvulsive therapy: Comparison of alternative statistical methods$$$ Although electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is believed to have a rapid onset of antidepressant activity, there has been limited investigation in this area. This study contrasted alternative statistical methods for testing treatment group differences in the rapidity of clinical response to ECT. Patients with major depression were randomly assigned to receive right unilateral or bilateral ECT and low or high electrical dosage relative to seizure threshold. The 24-item Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HRSD) was administered by blinded clinical raters twice weekly (nontreatment days). We evaluated four alternative statistical strategies. Two methods considered time to improvement as a dependent variable: (a) time (treatment number) to reach various cutoffs for percentage decrease in HRSD from baseline; and (b) survival analysis using the same cutoffs for percentage decreases as endpoints. Two methods considered time to improvement as an independent variable: (c) the slope of linear regression of HRSD scores against treatment number; and (d) a random regression model using the HRSD scores as repeated measures. The statistical methods differed in whether or not omnibus group differences were observed, the criterion level of improvement associated with group differences, and the results of pairwise comparisons establishing specific therapeutic advantages. Survival analysis generally displayed the greatest sensitivity in detecting treatment group differences.
Acute hemodynamic responses to electroconvulsive therapy are not related to the duration of seizure activity$$$ Study Objective: To test the hypothesis that the magnitude of the acute hemodynamic response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is related to the duration of the seizure activity in patients receiving different dosages of intravenous (IV) lidocaine. Design: Randomized, double-blind, placebo- controlled, cross-over study. Setting: University-affiliated hospital. Patients: 21 ASA physical statues I, II, and III patients undergoing four consecutive maintenance ECT treatments for chronic depression. Interventions: Patients received lidocaine 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg IV, or saline prior to induction of anesthesia via a standardized anesthetic technique. Measurements and Main Results: Noninvasive blood pressure (BP) and heart, rate (HR), as well as the duration of motor and electroencephalographic (EEG) seizure, were measured. The duration of motor and EEG seizures (means ± SD) were 37 ± 13 sec and 64 ± 21 sec, 25 ± 11 sec and 52 ± 43 sec, 17 ± 12 sec and 32 ± 17 sec, 1 ± 3 sec and 18 ± 10 sec in the saline, lidocaine 50 mg, 100 mg, 200 mg groups, respectively. Although the duration of seizure activity was decreased in a dose-related fashion after lidocaine pretreatment, the peak increases in BP and HR were similar in the lidocaine and saline treatment groups. Conclusions: Despite producing dose-related decreases in the duration of both motor and EEG seizure activity, lidocaine failed to attenuate the acute hemodynamic response to ECT. Thus, the acute hemodynamic response to ECT is not related to the duration of seizure activity.
Treatment of refractory depression$$$ Treatment of refractory depression is a common challenge for mental health professionals. To assure optimal treatment, the clinician should first determine that adequate dosage has been employed for an adequate duration. Next there are a variety of augmentation strategies or alternative antidepressants that could be considered. This report reviews the evidence supporting these strategies, describes their implementation, compares their effectiveness, and offers suggestions for approaching the array of treatments available.
Refractory depression in children and adolescents$$$ Refractory or treatments resistant depression in child and adolescent populations is a difficult construct to operationalize currently. To date, only one of the small number of completed double-blind placebo-controlled treatment investigations have not demonstrated a significant effect of antidepressants in comparison to placebo. However, it has been established that child and adolescent MDD is a serious disorder that appears to have clinical continuity with adult affective disorders and is generally of long duration with high rates of recurrence and eventual progression to mania, substance abuse, or other serious psychopathology. In addition, families of children with affective disorders evidence substantial genetic loading with high rates of affective disorders contributing both genetic vulnerability and potential environmental risk as well. There have been no empirically identified treatments that alter the long-term course of the illness. Thus treatment resistance is a significant issue for this population. This review will focus on controlled treatment trials and will examine the potential relevance of psychosocial impairment, genetic-familial risk, and neuromorphometric brain differences to treatment resistance in children and adolescents with major depression.
Alternative approaches to refractory depression in bipolar illness$$$ Thus, there appears to be a large variety of approaches to refractory bipolar depression. In contrast to several decades ago, wherein augmentation of lithium with antidepressants and neuroleptics was essentially the only treatment mode available, a panoply of treatment options now exist. However, their relative efficacy in different illness subtypes and stages remains to be better delineated, as do their optimal sequencing and use in combination in individual patients. It is the opinion of these authors and many of our colleagues in the field that initial use of several mood stabilizer drugs in combination may have a preferable long-term outcome in some rapid cycling patients, compared with the immediate use of a unimodal antidepressant with an inadequate single mood stabilizer, although this remains to be systematically studied. The use of thyroid augmentation strategies would appear to have merit in relationship to not only the potential treatment of lithium-related hypothyroidism, but also in augmenting antimanic and antidepressant effects. As one moves toward some of the complex combination treatment strategies discussed in this chapter, one has to be particularly careful about drug interactions and their potential for toxicity as well as therapeutic effects. Perhaps a prevailing guideline would be to use these agents more carefully in combination therapy than in monotherapy, with slow upward titration of dose to individual patients' side effects thresholds, even in preference to targeting of conventional blood level windows. In this way, side effects can be avoided during the assessment of complex combination regimens. In addition, one should be aware of potential pharmacokinetic interactions. For example, with the addition of valproate to carbamazepine, one should reduce the dose of carbamazepine, as valproate will not only increase the free fraction of carbamazepine based on displacement of protein binding, but will lead to increased accumulation of carbamazepine- 10,11- epoxide. This epoxide is not measured in conventional assays but could contribute to the side effects profile (Ketter and Post, 1994). Similarly, valproate will markedly increase blood levels of lamotrigine; the starting dose of this agent should be substantially lower than conventional dosage when these two drugs are used in combination. We suggest the utility of detailed mapping with a formal system-such as the Life Chart Methodology (LCM) (Leverich and Post, 1996)-of mood fluctuation vs. medications in order to optimize and rationalize complex combination therapy. In this way, not only can the nuances of partial response be better defined, but also basic decisions about the therapeutic index and relative likelihood of response can be more readily assessed. We have discussed the other merits of the life chart method as an important clinical treatment tool as well as a research tool in other venues, but reemphasize its potential great importance in the treatment of refractory cyclic bipolar patients, in whom an initial period of remission of depression may, in many instances, be as likely attributable to the natural course of illness as the current intervention being offered. As such, it behooves the clinician to have a systematic database for the more subtle issues of dose titration and sequential addition of medications in complex combination regimens. In the face of inefficiency to one combination strategy, how one moves to the next strategy remains a highly individualized, clinically-based algorithm. We suggest the potential utility of moving towards a new set of mood stabilizers and then repeating some of the unimodal antidepressant additions and augmentation trials in an attempt to overcome refractory depression. Refractory depression in bipolar patients should be viewed as a medical emergency in light of the high potential for suicide in the illness in general (Chen and Dilsaver, 1996) and in patients who have either sustained or episodic refractory depressive breakthroughs. In this regard, it should be noted that refractory depressed patients with highly cyclic presentations of their illness often do not feel that their brief 'well' or hypomanic intervals are of benefit in enhancing a more optimistic view towards therapeutics. In fact, many patients report that cycling is more disruptive to their lives and, in some instances, they would prefer continuous depression to the episodic and unpredictable chaotic mood fluctuations that often accompany refractory bipolar illness. Thus, one should be particularly alert toward the potential for suicide in these patients and maintain a balance of hopeful optimism with careful suicide assessment in the pursuit of more optimal, even if complex, treatment algorithms. As in other late phase medical syndromes and medical emergencies, complex combination treatment is often required. While it may at first consideration seem inappropriate to consider a regimen with four or five drugs for the treatment of refractory bipolar illness, this has been elevated to standard and routine practice in many other areas of medicine, such as the treatment of malignancies, tuberculosis, or congestive heart failure. In these instances, multiple therapeutic modalities with different mechanisms of action are often combined for optimal therapeutics. With the availability of a variety of agents for bipolar illness, it now befits the field to engage in a series of novel and systematic clinical trials in order to better delineate the optimal design strategies for achieving the most rapid response rates in the highest numbers of patients, so that even the most refractory bipolar patients have an excellent chance at achieving substantial clinical remission.
A comparison of remifentanil and morphine sulfate for acute postoperative analgesia after total intravenous anesthesia with remifentanil and propofol$$$ Background: The transition from remifentanil intraoperative anesthesia to postoperative analgesia must be planned carefully due to the short duration of action (3-10 min) of remifentanil hydrochloride, a potent, esterase-metabolized μ-opioid agonist. This study compared the efficacy and safety of transition regimens using remifentanil or morphine sulfate for immediate postoperative pain relief in patients who had surgery under general anesthesia with remifentanil/propofol. Methods: One hundred fifty patients who had received open-label remifentanil and propofol for intraoperative anesthesia participated in this multicenter, double-blind, double-dummy study and were randomly assigned to either the remifentanil (R) group or the morphine sulfate (M) group. Twenty minutes before the anticipated end of surgery, the propofol infusion was decreased by 50%, and patients received either a placebo bolus (R group) or a bolus of 0.15 mg/kg morphine (M group). At the end of surgery, the propofol and remifentanil maintenance infusions were discontinued and the analgesic infusion was started: either 0.1 μg · kg-1 · min-1 remifentanil (R group) or placebo analgesic infusion (M group). During the 25 min after tracheal extubation, remifentanil titrations in increments of 0.025 μg · kg-1 · min-1 and placebo boluses (R group), or 2 mg intravenous morphine boluses and placebo rate increases (M group) were administered as necessary at 5-min intervals to control pain. Patients received the 0.075 mg/kg intravenous morphine bolus (R group) or placebo (M group) at 25 and 30 rain after extubation, and the analgesic infusion was discontinued at 35 min. From 35 to 65 minutes after extubation, both groups received 2-6 mg open-label morphine analgesia every 5 min as needed. Results: Successful analgesia, defined as no or mild pain with adequate respiration (respiratory rate [RR] ≤8 breaths/rain and pulse oximetry ≤90%), was achieved in more patients in the R group than in the M group (58% vs. 33%, respectively) at 25 min after extubation (P < 0.05). The median remifentanil rate for successful analgesia was 0.125 μg · kg-1 (range, 0.05-0.23 μg kg-1 min-1), and the median number of 2-mg morphine boluses used was 2 (range, 0-5 boluses). At 35 min after extubation, ≤ 74% of patients in both groups experienced moderate to severe pain. Median recovery times from the end of surgery were similar between groups. Transient respiratory depression, apnea, or both were the most frequent adverse events (14% for the R group vs. 6% for the M group; P > 0.05). Conclusions: Remifentanil provided safe and effective post-operative analgesia when administered at a final rate of 0.05-0.23 μg · kg-1 min-1 in the immediate postextubation period. Remifentanil provided more effective postoperative analgesia than did intraoperative treatment with morphine (0.15 mg/kg) followed by morphine boluses (≤ five 2 ·mg boluses). The effects of remifentanil dissipated rapidly after ending the infusion, and alternate analgesia was required. Further studies are underway to define transition regimens that will improve postoperative analgesia in patients receiving anesthesia with remifentanil.
The effect of esmolol on ST-segment depression and arrhythmias after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) induces sympathetically mediated hemodynamic alterations that can be associated with myocardial ischemia and arrhythmia generation. Esmolol, a short-acting β-blocker, blunts the hypertension and tachycardia seen with ECT. The purpose of this study is to determine whether esmolol use during ECT reduces the incidence of myocardial ischemia or arrhythmias after ECT. In a randomized, double-blind, placebo- controlled protocol, with each patient acting as his/her own control, the effects of esmolol on the incidence of myocardial ischemia and arrhythmias were studied using two-lead Holter monitoring for at least 2 h post-ECT. Nineteen patients underwent 71 ECT treatments (34 placebo, 37 esmolol), recording 746 h of Holter data. The esmolol group had significantly reduced heart rate and mean arterial pressure immediately after ECT. There was no difference in the incidence of ECG defined ischemia post-ECT between groups, with 7 of 19 (36.8%) patients in the esmolol group showing ST-segment depression compared with 5 of 19 (26.3%) in the placebo group. There was no difference between groups in arrhythmia detection. This experiment demonstrates that (a) ECT is associated with a significant incidence of ST- segment depression, (b) esmolol blunts the sympathetic discharge during ECT, and (c) esmolol does not reduce the incidence of post-ECT ischemia or arrhythmia.
Effect of esmolol pretreatment on EEG seizure morphology in RUL ECT$$$ Intravenous β-blockers are an effective means of controlling heart rate and blood pressure during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), but have been shown to decrease seizure duration. While the importance of seizure duration to the antidepressant response of ECT grows less certain, there is growing evidence that seizure morphology predicts the antidepressant effect of ECT. This study examined the impact of esmolol pretreatment on seizure morphology. Eighteen depressed patients (6 men, 12 women; 69 ± 12.8 years old) received ECT with and without esmolol pretreatment in a randomized, blinded crossover design. The seizures were blindly rated for duration of motor convulsion, duration of electroencephalogram (EEG) seizure, degree of seizure regularity, and degree of postictal EEG suppression. Esmolol shortened the duration of the motor convulsion and degraded the quality of the ictal regularity. Routine administration of intravenous esmolol before ECT may cause a decrease in ictal regularity. Careful consideration should be given to the potential benefits of esmolol versus the deleterious effect on the electrophysiologic process. Esmolol may still be indicated on a case-by-case basis for extreme tachycardia or hypertension associated with ECT, and presumably poses no problem for the therapeutic effect of ECT if given after the seizure is over.
Opioid-sparing effects of a low-dose infusion of naloxone in patient- administered morphine sulfate$$$ Background: A naloxone infusion is effective in reducing epidural and intrathecal opioid-related side effects. The use of naloxone infusion concomitant with intravenous morphine patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) has not been evaluated, probably because of an expected direct antagonism of the systemic opioid effect. The authors compared the incidence of morphine- related side effects and the quality of analgesia from two small doses of naloxone infusion. Methods: Sixty patients classified as American Society of Anesthesiologists physical status 1, 2, or 3 who were scheduled for total abdominal hysterectomies were enrolled in the study. Patients received a standardized general anesthetic. In the postanesthetic care unit, patients received morphine as a PCA. They were randomized to receive either 0.25 μg·kg-1·h-1 naloxone (low dose), 1 μg·kg-1 h-1 (high dose), or saline (placebo) as a continuous infusion. Verbal rating scores for pain, nausea, vomiting, and pruritus; sedation scores; requests for antiemetic; and morphine use were recorded for 24 h. Blood pressure, respiratory rate, and oxyhemoglobin saturation were also monitored. Results: Sixty patients completed the study. Both naloxone doses were equally effective in reducing the incidence of nausea, vomiting, and pruritus compared with placebo (P < 0.05 by the chi-squared test). There was no difference in the verbal rating scores for pain between the groups. The cumulative morphine use was the lowest in the low-dose group (42.3 ± 24.1 mg; means ± SD) compared with the placebo (59.1 ± 27.4 mg) and high-dose groups (64.7 ± 33.0 mg) at 24 h (P < 0.05 by analysis of variance). There was no incidence of respiratory depression (<8 breaths/min) and no difference in sedation scores, antiemetic use, respiratory rate, and hemodynamic parameters among the groups. Conclusions: Naloxone is effective in preventing PCA opioid-related side effects. Naloxone infusion at 0.25 μg·kg-1·h-1 not only attenuates these side effects but appears to reduce postoperative (beyond 4-8 h) opioid requirements. This dosing regimen can be prepared with 400 μg naloxone in 1,000 ml crystalloid given in 24 h to a patient weighing 70 kg.
Effects of depressive disorders on coronary artery disease: A review$$$ Evidence suggests that major depression and ischemic heart disease commonly co-occur and that depressive symptoms have a negative impact on cardiovascular prognosis. A Medline search was conducted to obtain articles published between 1966 and 1996 that address the association between depressive disorders and coronary artery disease. We used systematic epidemiologic criteria to examine the strength of this association. There is convincing evidence that in patients with coronary artery disease, depressive disorders are common and are associated with increased rates of morbidity and mortality. Several biological mechanisms have been proposed to explain the association, including alterations in autonomic function leading to increased risk of ventricular arrhythmias. Despite the evidence that their comorbid presence is associated with increased morbidity and mortality, depressive disorders in patients with coronary artery disease are often underdiagnosed and inadequately treated. At the very least, randomized treatment trials are indicated.
Post-stroke neuropsychiatric problems - Diagnosis, pathophysiology and treatment$$$ Depression is the most common psychiatric disorder occurring as a consequence of stroke. Approximately 40 to 50% of patients will present with depression in the first month after an acute cerebrovascular accident (CVA). Post-stroke depression may have a significant effect on the recovery of activities of daily living and cognitive function of stroke patients. Antidepressant drugs have been demonstrated to be effective in the treatment of post-stroke depression. Stimulant drugs and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) have also been found to be effective in uncontrolled studies. Mania is a rare complication of stroke. Its mechanism is still unknown, and treatment is based on those drugs that are effective in the treatment of primary mania. The treatment of post-stroke bipolar disorder also follows the guidelines for the treatment of primary bipolar disorder. Lithium is the mainstay of treatment, which may be combined with antipsychotics or other mood stabilizers, such as sodium valproate or carbamazepine. Other psychiatric problems associated with stroke include post-stroke anxiety, post-stroke and pathological laughing and crying. Anxiety responds to anti-anxiety drugs such as benzodiazepines. There are two basic therapeutic approaches to the treatment of post-stroke psychosis. One approach utilizes anticonvulsant therapy and the other antipsychotics. Nortryptiline and citalopram have been shown to be effective in double-blind, controlled studies for the treatment of pathological laughing and crying following stroke.
Use of thyroid hormone to diminish the cognitive side effects of psychiatric treatment$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and lithium are highly effective treatments for mood disorders. Both treatments, however, are associated with cognitive side effects which reduce patient compliance and treatment satisfaction. Both therapies also have a significant effect on hypothalamic- pituitary-thyroid axis (HPT) activity. Preliminary results from a double- blind, placebo-controlled study of adjunctive thyroid hormone (T3) and ECT showed better memory function in patients receiving T3 compared with placebo. This neuroprotective effect of T3 has been confirmed using electroconvulsive shock (ECS) in rats, and shown to be independent of the number of electrical stimulations. Results of studies in patients with bipolar disorder taking lithium have demonstrated that cognitive deficits are significantly related to diminished thyroid status, but not lithium levels. Preliminary evidence also shows that adjunctive thyroid hormone improves cognitive functioning in patients taking lithium. These findings, if replicated and confirmed, indicate a potential role for adjunctive thyroid hormone in reducing the cognitive side effects of these important psychiatric treatments. This, in turn, may lead to improved treatment compliance, diminished overall morbidity, and reduced healthcare utilization.
Postoperative pain control after lumbar spine fusion: Patient- controlled analgesia versus continuous epidural analgesia$$$ Study Design. A prospective, randomized, double-blind clinical trial. Objective. To compare the efficacy of postoperative continuous epidural analgesia versus patient-controlled analgesia in patients undergoing lumbar fusion. Summary of Background Data. Controversy remains regarding the optimal strategy for postoperative pain control. Methods. Fifty-four patients were divided into two treatment groups. There was no difference between the groups with respect to age, levels fused, estimated blood loss, and use of spinal instrumentation. Patient-controlled analgesia or epidural analgesia was administered in a double-blind manner for a 3-day postoperative course. Each patient received both an epidural and a patient-controlled analgesia delivery system; 26 received the epidural active agent and 28 received patient- controlled analgesia. Postoperative time to liquids and solid food, ambulation, length of stay, and side effects was recorded. Pain was evaluated by a visual analog scale on postoperative days 1, 2, and 3. Results. Results showed no difference between the groups with reference to diet, ambulation, length of stay, and visual analog scale scores. Minor side effects occurred in 71% of patients in both groups. No major complications occurred. Epidural catheter dislodgment occurred in 11% of patients. The total cost for epidural analgesia was approximately $550 more than that for patient-controlled analgesia for a 3-day postoperative course. Conclusions. These data suggest that there is no clinical advantage of epidural opiate/local anesthetic analgesia over systematic opiate by patient-controlled analgesia for spinal fusion patients. However, possible technical limitations (namely, the low dosage of bupivacaine and placement of the catheter tip) may have prevented adequate delivery of anesthetic to the involved segments. Although the incidence of side effects is similar, cost factors and a high incidence of epidural catheter dislodgment favor use of patient-controlled analgesia.
Lack of relapse with tryptophan depletion following successful treatment with ECT$$$ Objective: Although the antidepressant mechanism of ECT is unknown, there are considerable data to support serotonergic involvement. The effects of tryptophan depletion were studied in patients with major depression treated successfully with ECT. Method: Five patients who had been successfully treated with ECT for major depression were studied in a randomized, double-blind, crossover design comparing tryptophan depletion to a placebo procedure. Results: No effect of tryptophan depletion on mood symptoms was observed despite more than an 85% decrease in total serum tryptophan. Conclusions: These data suggest that presynaptic serotonin availability may not be necessary for the acute maintenance of an anti- depressant response to ECT.
Bipolar illness$$$ Background. Within the past 5 years, several factors have altered our view of the diagnosis, prognosis, treatment, and genetics of bipolar illness. Methods. Significant advances in these areas are reviewed. Results. Diagnostic changes include establishment of symptom duration requirements that limit confusion with affective instability. Prognostic insights include the realization that illness likely begets illness and, conversely, that adequate control is probably instrumental in improving long-term prognosis. Therapeutic advances are marked by the Food and Drug Administration approval of divalproex for acute mania. Conclusions. Genetic and family studies suggest that (1) bipolar illness is a discrete condition, not related to unipolar depression; and (2) bipolar illness may manifest a phenomenon known as anticipation (worsening of the disease with succession generations), which may be related to a specific nucleic acid abnormality.
Continuation and prophylactic treatment of bipolar disorder$$$ Objectives: To summarize the evidence for efficacy from published literature of biological treatments in the continuation and maintenance phases of bipolar disorder, as well as the recommendations about different treatment options made by the working group within the Bipolar Sub-Committee of the Canadian Network for Mood and Anxiety Treatments (CANMAT). Methods: A review of relevant published literature and proceedings of international conferences was conducted. The quality of evidence was assessed and classified according to the Periodic Health Examination criteria. Treatment recommendations of the working group were based on quality of evidence, a consensus of expert views, and the opinions of psychiatrists and family physicians from across Canada. Results: There is overwhelming evidence for the efficacy of lithium in the prophylaxis of bipolar disorder. The evidence for carbamazepine is less robust. There are no published double-blind studies with adequate numbers of subjects treated with divalproex sodium. Conclusions: During and at the end of the continuation phase it is recommended that mood stabilizers should remain the mainstay of therapy and that other treatments should be gradually discontinued or maintained only if there is valid reason to do so. Efficacious maintenance treatment can reduce morbidity and mortality significantly and improve patients' quality of life.
The use of ketamine or etomidate to supplement sufentanil/N2O anesthesia does not disrupt monitoring of myogenic transcranial motor evoked responses$$$ Intraoperative monitoring of myogenic transcranial motor evoked responses (tc-MERs) requires an anesthetic technique that minimally depresses response amplitudes. Acceptable results have been obtained during opioid/N2O anesthesia, provided that the concentration of N2O does not exceed 50%. However, this technique may necessitate supplementation with additional agents to achieve adequate depth of anesthesia. Etomidate and ketamine have been reported anecdotally or in nonsurgical situations to produce little tc- MER depression. We investigated the effects on tc-MER amplitude and latency of supplementation of a sufentanil/N2O anesthetic with etomidate or ketamine in patients undergoing spinal instrumentation. Anesthesia was induced with etomidate 0.3 mg/kg and sufentanil 1.5 mg/kg and maintained with sufentanil 0.5 mg/kg/h and N2O 50%. Muscle relaxation was kept at 25% of control. Paired transcranial electrical stimulation was performed. Each patient randomly received either ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) or etomidate (0.1 mg/kg) as a single bolus intravenously, during stable surgical conditions. Triplicate tc- MERs were recorded from the tibialis anterior muscles before and 2, 5, 10, and 15 min after drug administration. Administration of ketamine did not significantly change tc-MER amplitudes, whereas etomidate resulted in a transient amplitude depression to 72% of control (p < 0.05) at 2 min after injection. Latency remained unchanged with both drugs. In conclusion, the data suggest that both ketamine (0.5 mg/kg) and etomidate (0.1 mg/kg) can be used to supplement sufentanil/N2O anesthetic without disrupting tc-MER monitoring.
Controlled trials of inositol in psychiatry$$$ Inositol is a simple polyol precursor in a second messenger system important in the brain. Cerebrospinal fluid inositol has been reported as decreased in depression. A double-blind controlled trial of 12 g daily of inositol in 28 depressed patients for four weeks was performed. Significant overall benefit for inositol compared to placebo was found at week 4 on the Hamilton Depression Scale. No changes were noted in hematology, kidney or liver function. Since many antidepressants are effective in panic disorder, twenty-one patients with panic disorder with or without agoraphobia completed a double-blind, placebo-controlled, four week, random-assignment crossover treatment trial of inositol 12 g per day. Frequency and severity of panic attacks and severity of agoraphobia declined significantly with inositol compared to placebo. Side-effects were minimal. Since serotonin re-uptake inhibitors benefit obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) and inositol is reported to reverse desensitization of serotonin receptors, thirteen patients with OCD completed a double-blind controlled crossover trial of 18 g inositol or placebo for six weeks each. Inositol significantly reduced scores of OCD symptoms compared with placebo. A controlled double-blind crossover trial of 12 g daily of inositol for a month in twelve anergic schizophrenic patients, did not show any beneficial effects. A double-blind controlled crossover trial of 6 g of inositol daily vs. glucose for one month each was carried out in eleven Alzheimer patients, with no clearly significant therapeutic effects. Antidepressant drugs have been reported to improve attention deficit disorder (ADDH) with hyperactivity symptomatology. We studied oral inositol in children with ADDH in a double-blind, crossover, placebo-controlled manner. Eleven children, mean age 8.9±3.6 years were enrolled in an eight week trial of inositol or placebo at a dose of 200 mg/kg body weight. Results show a trend for aggravation of the syndrome with myo-inositol as compared to placebo. Recent studies suggest that serotonin re-uptake inhibitors are helpful in at least some symptoms of autism. However a controlled double- blind crossover trial of inositol 200 mg/kg per day showed no benefit in nine children with autism. Cholinergic agonists have been reported to ameliorate electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)-induced memory impairment. Inositol metabolism is involved in the second messenger system for several muscarinic cholinergic receptors. Inositol 6 g daily was given in a crossover double- blind manner for five days before the fifth or sixth ECT to a series of twelve patients, without effect. These results suggest that inositol has therapeutic effects in the spectrum of illness responsive to serotonin selective re-uptake inhibitors, including depression, panic and OCD, and is not beneficial in schizophrenia, Alzheimer's, ADDH, autism or ECT-induced cognitive impairment.
Effects of intrathecal thyrotropin-releasing hormone (protirelin) in refractory depressed patients$$$ Background: Therapeutic effects of the tripeptide protirelin (thyrotropin-releasing hormone) have been postulated in the affective disorders, but direct assessment in humans has been hindered by poor blood- brain barrier permeability. Methods: Eight medication-free inpatients with refractory depression received 500 μg of protirelin via a lumbar intrathecal injection and an identical sham lumbar puncture procedure, separated by 1 week, in a double-blind crossover design. Results: Five of eight patients responded to intrathecal protirelin, defined as a 50% or greater reduction in an abbreviated Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression score. Suicidality also was reduced significantly (P<.05) Responses were rapid and clinically robust, but short-lived. Conclusion: Administration of protirelin by an intrathecal route induced a rapid improvement in mood and suicidality in these refractory depressed patients, supporting the hypothesis that thyrotropin-releasing hormone could be a positive modulator of mood.
The addition of continuous intravenous infusion of ketorolac to a patient-controlled analgetic morphine regime reduced postoperative myocardial ischemia in patients undergoing elective total hip or knee arthroplasty$$$ This double-blind randomized trial assessed the effect of adding an intravenous continuous infusion of ketorolac to a patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) morphine regimen on analgesia, heart rate, arterial blood pressure, and postoperative myocardial ischemia. Patients having elective total hip or knee replacement were randomized to receive ketorolac 30 mg bolus, followed by an infusion of 5 mg/h for 24 h or placebo. All patients had access to PCA morphine (20 μg/kg bolus, with a lockout of 6 min). Patients were monitored for pain visual analog scale, blood pressure, heart rate, and ST segment depression via a continuous Holter monitor. ST depression of 1 mm 60 ms after the J point was considered significant if it lasted more than 1 min. There was no difference in demographics, risk factors, or cardiac medications between the groups. Ketorolac-treated patients had significantly better pain control at 2, 6, and 24 h. There was significant morphine sparing at all times after 3 h. There was no difference in the number of ischemic events between the groups. The ischemic episodes of the patients who received ketorolac occurred at slower heart rates (97 ± 15 vs 114 ± 16 bpm, P = 0.001) than those of patients in the placebo group. The duration of ST depression was shorter in ketorolac-treated patients (24 ± 35 vs 76 ± 95 min, P < 0.05). All ST depressions were clinically silent. Logistic regression of factors predicting ischemia included the use of calcium channel blockers and low pain score. These results suggest that analgesia with ketorolac reduces the duration of ischemic episodes in the first 24 h postoperatively.
Cognitive therapy with inpatients$$$ Psychotherapeutic interventions often play a major role in the treatment of patients who are hospitalized for depression. Much of the 'therapeutic milieu' of the inpatient unit includes patient participation in group psychotherapy and in one-on-one psychotherapy with staff members. These interventions are designed not only to be primary treatments for depression, but are also used to enhance patients' compliance with pharmacotherapy. Cognitive therapy (CT) has been adapted for use with inpatients and has been used as an organizing theory for the hospital milieu in several inpatient units. Research on inpatient CT suggests that it is a beneficial treatment that enhances continuity of care after discharge from the hospital. This paper describes the general principles of inpatient CT, and discusses the various types of inpatient cognitive therapy units (CTUs) that have been developed. The benefits of such programs are described, and research regarding the effectiveness of inpatient CT is discussed.
When fluoxetine fails, what next? A national survey controlling for age$$$ We have investigated the choice of treatment for depressed patients who do not respond to a therapeutic trial of fluoxetine, across three age groups. A postal questionnaire and a case vignette of a depressive patient was sent to 500 consultant psychiatrists. The vignettes were identical in all cases, except that the age was given as either 20, 30 or 70 at random. The respondents were asked to choose their next management option for the case they were sent. Fifty-eight per cent of questionnaires were returned complete. Changing fluoxetine to a different antidepressant was the most popular choice across all three age groups. Lithium augmentation was the least popular physical treatment option. Significantly more respondents who were sent the 70-year-old case chose ECT. This result was not related to the respondents' subspeciality. These findings are discussed in relation to available research evidence concerning the treatment of patients resistant to standard doses of fluoxetine.
The place of anticonvulsant therapy in bipolar illness$$$ With the increasing recognition of lithium's inadequacy as an acute and prophylactic treatment for many patients and subtypes of bipolar illness, the search for alternative agents has centered around the mood stabilizing anticonvulsants carbamazepine and valproate. In many instances, these drugs are effective alone or in combination with lithium in those patients less responsive to lithium monotherapy, including those with greater numbers of prior episodes, rapid-cycling, dysphoric mania, co-morbid substance abuse or other associated medical problems, and patients without a family history of bipolar illness in first-degree relatives. Nineteen double-blind studies utilizing a variety of designs suggest that carbamazepine, or its keto-congener oxcarbazepine, is effective in acute mania; six controlled studies report evidence of the efficacy of valproate in the treatment of acute mania as well. Fourteen controlled or partially controlled studies of prophylaxis suggest carbamazepine is also effective in preventing both manic and depressive episodes. Valproate prophylaxis data, although based entirely on uncontrolled studies, appear equally promising. Thus, both drugs are widely used and are now recognized as major therapeutic tools for lithium-nonresponsive bipolar illness. The high-potency anticonvulsant benzodiazepines, clonazepam and lorazepam, are used adjunctively with lithium or the anticonvulsant mood stabilizers as substitutes or alternatives for neuroleptics in the treatment of manic breakthroughs. Preliminary controlled clinical trials suggest that the calcium channel blockers may have antimanic or mood-stabilizing effects in a subgroup of patients. A new series of anticonvulsants has just been FDA-approved and warrant clinical trials to determine their efficacy in acute and long-term treatment of mania and depression. Systematic exploration of the optimal use of lithium and the mood-stabilizing anticonvulsants alone and in combination, as well as with adjunctive antidepressants, is now required so that more definitive treatment recommendations for different types and stages of bipolar illness can be more strongly evidence based.
Characteristics of effective therapists: Further analyses of data from the National Institute of Mental Health Treatment of Depression Collaborative Research Program$$$ Analyses of the data of the National Institute of Mental Health- sponsored Treatment of Depression Collaborative Research Program have primarily examined the effects of types of treatment and patient characteristics on outcome, but scant attention has been directed toward evaluating the contributions of the therapist. With an aggregate of residualized therapeutic change scores of the 5 primary outcome measures for each patient at termination as an overall measure of improvement, an average therapeutic effectiveness measure was derived for each of the 28 therapist based on the outcome of the patients they saw in active treatment. The distribution of the therapist was divided into thirds, and comparisons indicate that more effective therapists are more psychological minded, eschew biological interventions (i.e., medication and electroconvulsive therapy) in their ordinary clinical practice, and expert outpatient treatment of depression to take longer than did moderately and less effective therapists.
Patients excluded from an antidepressant efficacy trial$$$ Background: The impact of exclusion criteria on antidepressant trials is rarely investigated and poorly understood. We describe specific reasons for exclusion from a double-blind comparative trial and analyze the selection procedure and its impact on treatment outcome. Method: A 6 week randomized double-blind trial for depressive disorders recruited patients through outpatient psychiatric services, private offices, and health care centers. Of the 612 consecutive patients interviewed for a diagnosis according to DSM- III-R, 209 (34%) finally entered the trial. Results: 86% of the included patients had no comorbid psychiatric disorder, whereas a third of those excluded had at least one (p < .00001). Patients were excluded for having chronic alcohol or drug misuse (17%), receiving antidepressant drugs (15%), or having physical problems precluding their ability to take either of the drugs studied (14%). Some patients could not be included because of a referral to other modes of treatment (19%) or organizational difficulties (16%). The excluded patients less often suffered from major depressive disorder than those who were included in the trial. In particular, patients excluded because of suicidal thoughts or intent more often had a history of previous major depressive episodes (p = .006) compared with the included patients. The most important sociodemographic factors related to exclusion from the trial were male sex and unmarried status. Conclusion: Patients with previous depressive episodes or comorbid disorders were more likely to be excluded from the antidepressant efficacy trial. Data on the efficacy of antidepressant drugs on this patient population are still only infrequently obtained.
Neural network based on adaptive resonance theory as compared to experts in suggesting treatment for schizophrenic and unipolar depressed in-patients$$$ A modified neural network based on adaptive resonance theory (ART) was trained with the records of 211 psychiatric inpatients (74 schizophrenic, 50 unipolar depressed, 34 bipolar depressed, 20 bipolar manic, 33 other) who improved by at least 40 points on the GAFS during 8 weeks of treatment. Thereafter, a comparison was made between the clinical response of another 26 schizophrenic patients and 28 unipolar depressed inpatients, to treatment suggested by the trained ART (N = 21) and by the consensus of two senior psychiatrists (N = 33). The patients were allocated blindly and randomly to the two treatment groups. The BPRS (for the schizophrenic patients) or the HDRS (for the unipolar depressed patients) was completed weekly for 5 weeks. Results showed no difference between decisions regarding treatment by the ART network and by the experts. Length of hospital stay was also similar. All ART suggestions included supportive psychotherapy. High potency antipsychotics were suggested for 7 schizophrenic inpatients, clozapine for one and the addition of community therapy for another. Depressed patients got a variety of treatment suggestions. No contraindicated treatment was suggested by ART; however, two incomplete treatment suggestions were dropped from the study. In conclusion, in a prospective study ART was successful in learning treatment strategies and performed under supervision similar to experts.
Management of the depressive component of bipolar disorder$$$ Acute bipolar depression (ABD) and breakthrough depression occurring during maintenance therapy of bipolar disorder are associated with significant morbidity and an increased risk of suicide. Lithium is an effective mood stabilizer for ABD, but its onset of antidepressant action is slow and additional antidepressant therapy is often prescribed. The extent to which other mood stabilizers (e.g., carbamazepine and valproate) have antidepressant activity is unclear. Preliminary initial research suggests three potential advantages that selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors have over tricyclic antidepressant for ABD: possibly greater efficacy, fewer adverse effects, and a lower frequency of antidepressant-induced mania. Bupropion may also have significant advantages. However, further research is needed to confirm these findings. Monoamine oxidase inhibitors are the antidepressant of choice for atypical bipolar depression. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has the highest response rate of all treatments for ABD. Further research is needed to explore combination treatments with mood stabilizers and antidepressants for the effective treatment of ABD.
Depression in the medically ill: Management considerations$$$ This article reviews the management of depression in three medical conditions associated with a high frequency of depression: coronary artery disease (CAD), cancer, and human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) injection. Major depression significantly increases mortality in patients with CAD. This effect of depression may be mediated by a decrease in heart rate variability. Tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs) possess Type 1A antiarrhythmic activity, which may increase the risk of sudden death. Initial data suggest that tricyclic antidepressants also may decrease heart rate variability. Antidepressant therapy is effective and can improve quality of life for patients with cancer or HIV infection. Strong social support or psychosocial interventions that improve coping skills may positively affect outcome in HIV injection and cancer. Selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) and new agents may be well suited for use in depressed patients with medical illnesses because they lack the significant adverse anticholinergic and cardiovascular effects of TCAs and other classes of antidepressants.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation: A novel antidepressive strategy?$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a well-established diagnostic probe in neurological practice. The increasing knowledge of biological mechanisms in electroconvulsive therapy presents a clear case for studying the applicability of TMS as a therapeutic tool in psychiatry. Based on the results of our pilot study showing a possible antidepressive effect of TMS, we conducted a controlled clinical trial on patients affected by major depression (DSM-III-R). Group 1 (n = 12) underwent TMS as add-on therapy to standard antidepressive medication, while group 2 (n = 12) was treated only with antidepressive medication. Already after the third add-on TMS session, a statistically significantly greater remission of depressive symptoms occurred in the patients of group 1 (p = 0.003). This statistically significant difference between the groups became even more marked on the last day of the study (p = 0.001, Wilcoxon). The results and further implications of TMS in psychiatric disorders are discussed.
Relapse prevention by means of paroxetine in ECT-treated patients with major depression: A comparison with imipramine and placebo in medium-term continuation therapy$$$ In-patients with severe major depression were treated in the acute phase with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in combination with antidepressants. The drug treatment consisted of two randomized trials which were both extended into the post-ECT continuation phase. Patients with electrocardiological impairment were randomized to either 30 mg paroxetine daily or placebo under blind conditions. Patients without electrocardiological impairment were randomized to either 30 mg paroxetine daily or 150 mg imipramine daily. There was a high level of agreement between the Hamilton Depression Scale and the Melancholia Scale, demonstrating that the patients treated with ECT plus imipramine in the acute phase showed greater symptom reduction than those treated with ECT plus paroxetine. However, in the post-ECT phase paroxetine was superior to both imipramine and placebo in preventing relapse. Thus in the post-ECT phase 65% of the placebo-treated patients relapsed, compared to 30% of the imipramine-treated patients and 10% of the paroxetine-treated patients. The psychometric analysis of the Melancholia Scale in the continuation or post ECT-phase showed that relapsing patients displayed a pattern with lack of interests, impaired concentration, depressed mood and anxiety among the less severe symptoms (first-compartment symptoms). In other words, these symptoms represent the gate to full-blown depression (second-compartment symptoms). Serotonin-selective antidepressants such as paroxetine appear to be more effective in controlling the first-compartment symptoms.
The effects of electroconvulsive therapy on quantitative electroencephalograms: Relationship to clinical outcome$$$ Background: The efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is determined by stimulus electrical intensity and electrode placement. Three theories offer different accounts for why increasing the stimulus dosage of right unilateral ECT enhances antidepressant effects. This study examined the effects of ECT on interictal quantitative electroencephalograms (EEGs), contrasting these theories in their predictions regarding global, lateralized, and topographic changes in ECT-induced slow-wave activity. The time course of EEG changes and associations with efficacy were also determined. Methods: Sixty-two inpatients with major depressive disorder were randomized to ECT conditions that differed in stimulus intensity (low vs high dosage) and electrode placement (right unilateral vs bilateral). Resting, eyes closed, 19-lead EEG recordings were obtained at pretreatment, following a single treatment, following an average of 7 treatments, during tile week following the ECT course, and after a 2-month follow-up period. Results: Electroconvulsive therapy produced a marked short-term increase in delta and theta power. At a 2-month follow-up, there were no significant alterations in any frequency band. The ECT treatment conditions differed markedly in efficacy. Global and lateralized EEG effects did not distinguish effective and ineffective forms of treatment. Effective forms of ECT resulted in increased delta power in prefrontal regions, and this change was associated with the magnitude of symptomatic improve Conclusions: The induction of slow- wave activity in prefrontal cortex is linked to the efficacy of ECT.
The 'half-age' stimulation strategy for ECT dosing$$$ Energy levels affect the treatment efficacy and efficiency of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). United States devices require preselection of energy dosage before stimulating patients, and two strategies have been proposed to determine an effective dosage, i.e., based on the patient's age and measured estimates of seizure threshold. The age method is criticized for overstimulation and an assumed association with increased cognitive effects. Threshold determination strategy is cumbersome and requires multiple stimulations, possibly placing patients at increased cardiovascular risk. In 35 patients, we examined an energy estimate for bilateral electrode placement at half the patient's age in 'percent of energy' or joules delivered by the Thymatron and MECTA devices. Each patient required one stimulation in the first treatment to elicit motor seizures averaging 51.7 s. Subsequently, 20 patients were randomly assigned to either threshold titration followed by half-age for the first two treatments or the opposite (AB-BA design). Half- age energy was 7 J (30%) higher than titration estimates, corresponding to 55% energy of the age method. The relation of half-age and titration estimates were confirmed in energy dosing records from two independent centers. Energy dosing by half-age calculation in bilateral ECT is simple, practical, avoids overdosing and repeat stimulation, and is a useful substitute for the more complex strategy based on threshold estimation.
Experimental studies of the therapeutic action of electroconvulsive therapy in endogenous depression: The role of the electrical stimulation and of the seizure studied by variation of stimulus intensity and modification by lidocaine of seizure discharge$$$ Three methods of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were compared in respect of therapeutic effect in 69 attacks of endogenous depression in 65 patients, not previously treated by ECT during the actual period of illness. The treatments were given under barbiturate narcosis, with full muscular relaxation, administration of oxygen and electroencephalographic recording of the seizure discharge. In two methods grand mal seizures were evoked by supraliminal (A) and liminal stimulation (B), in the third (C) lidocaine (3 mg/kg i.v.) was given before the application of liminal stimulation. The seizure discharges in C were markedly shortened and their pattern modified, while between A and B the duration and pattern of the seizures were similar (Table 1). The patients were referred to the three treatments at random and the groups may be regarded as having a similar prognosis (Table 2-5, 7). The therapeutic outcome was estimated by rating several depressive symptoms according to a rating scale worked out for the purpose. The rating was performed before treatment, one week after the fourth treatment (a treatment pause was then made) and one week after the completed series. To obtain more reliable measures the scores for the various symptoms were added together to form a total score, which was then divided into a depression score and a retardation score, presumably measuring mainly depressive mood and psychomotor retardation. Differences in rating scores on two rating occasions were taken as measures of improvement. In addition, a global rating of improvement was made. The rating procedure was double blind. The principal results were: 1. After four treatments (three patients who recovered after three treatments included) the degree of improvement was in the rank order ABC with significant group differences for a few scores. After the completed series of treatments improvement in groups A and B did not differ significantly whereas in group C it was significantly smaller for some scores (Table 9). 2. The total number of treatments was significantly higher in group C than in group A and B, which did not differ significantly between themselves (Table 10). 3. A measure of therapeutic efficiency, improvement per treatment, was computed by dividing the degree of improvement as obtained from the differences in the combined scores and from the global score of improvement, by the number of treatments. After four treatments the improvement per treatment was highest in group A and lowest in group C, although in the comparisons AB and BC most differences did not reach significance. After the completed series the improvement per treatment did not differ significantly in groups A and B whereas in group C it was significantly less (Table 10). 4. In comparison with groups A and B, the total duration of seizure discharges was significantly shorter in group C both after four treatments and, in spite of the higher number of treatments, after the completed series. The improvement per second of seizure discharge was not significantly different in the groups although there was a tendency to a lower effect per second in group B (Table 11). It is concluded from these results that shortening of the seizure discharge decreases the therapeutic efficiency of ECT. Increase of the stimulus intensity, which apparently does not change the seizure discharge, possibly gives a more rapid therapeutic response but does not change the final degree of improvement or the number of treatments required to reach it. The depression-relieving effect of ECT is bound to seizure activity and not, or only slightly, to other effects of electrical stimulation.
Who responds to electroconvulsive therapy? A comparison of effective and ineffective forms of treatment$$$ Background. It has been reported that real ECT is more effective than simulated treatment among depressed patients with delusions and/or retardation, and that ECT is not effective among depressed patients who lack these features. Method: In two randomised, double-blind studies, 143 patients with major depression were subtyped regarding psychosis, retardation and agitation. In both studies, low dosage, right unilateral ECT was ineffective compared with other forms of ECT This report examined whether the depressive subtypes differed in clinical response to the ineffective and effective forms of ECT. Results. The therapeutic advantage of effective forms of ECT was similar across the depression subtypes. Patients who lacked both psychosis and retardation showed this pattern. Conclusions. The findings cast doubt on the utility of these depression subtypes in predicting ECT response. ECT is a viable treatment option for patients with major depression regardless of the presence or absence of psychosis, retardation and/or agitation.
Rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation of left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in drug-resistant depression$$$ Background: Lesion and neuroimaging studies suggest that left prefrontal lobe dysfunction is pathophysiologically linked to depression. Rapid-rate transcranial magnetic stimulation (rTMS) to prefrontal structures has a lateralised effect on mood in normal volunteers, and several preliminary studies suggest a beneficial effect of rTMS on depression. However, adequately controlled studies have not been conducted. Methods: We have studied the effects of focal rTMS on the depressive symptoms in 17 patients with medication-resistant depression of psychotic subtype. The study was designed as a multiple cross-over, randomised placebo-controlled trial. Sham rTMS and stimulation of different cortical areas were used as controls. Findings: Left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex rTMS resulted in a significant decrease in scores on the Hamilton depression rating scale HDRS (from 25.2 to 13.8) and the self-rated Beck questionnaire BQ (from 47.9 to 25.7). 11 of the 17 patients showed pronounced improvement that lasted for about 2 weeks after 5 days of daily rTMS sessions. No patient experienced any significant undesirable side-effects. Interpretation: Our findings emphasise the role of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex in depression, and suggest that rTMS of the left dorsolateral prefrontal cortex might become a safe, non-convulsive alternative to electroconvulsive treatment in depression.
Management of treatment resistance in the depressed geriatric patient$$$ The treatment of depression in geriatric patients is challenging on all levels. Recognition, compliance, medical comorbidity, tolerance of drug regimens, and accessibility of the patient to therapy all represent major clinical problems. Treating depression in elderly, disabled patients requires patience, keen observation skills, and much flexibility. It is critical that these patients trust their physicians and have ready access if problematic side effects develop. In general, when treating patients with a history of failure to respond, the clinician should choose a medication with a tolerable side-effect profile, and persist with it as long as steady, slow gains are being made. Dosages should be maximized to clinical tolerance prior to considering switching agents or augmentation strategies. It is probably wiser to augment than switch if a partial response has been obtained. Particularly among the medically ill elderly, any 'lost ground' may be very difficult to replace. All available psychosocial resources should be assessed and brought to bear productively in the treatment context. We are quite far from a full clinical understanding of 'treatment resistance' in elderly depressive patients, but the eminent treatability of depression in elderly patients encourages creative exploration of treatment regimens. Rigorous, placebo- controlled studies of representative samples of elderly patients are needed to clarify the diverse interactions among the many pharmacologic agents available to treat resistant/refractory depression in the elderly.
Psychotic depression$$$ The presence of delusions or hallucinations in major depressive disorder indicates a severe form of that disorder. Compared with patients with nonpsychotic depression, those with psychotic depression have depressive symptoms that are individually more severe. They also are more likely to have hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis hyperactivity and increased ventricular- to-brain ratios. The short- and long-term outcomes for such patients are poor. Findings that this prognostic disadvantage may be permanent and that psychotic features recur at high rates in subsequent episodes indicate that these symptoms in major depressive disorder have a lifelong significance. Although monotherapy with antidepressants may be effective, recovery is more rapid when antidepressants are combined with antipsychotics. Electroconvulsive therapy is particularly effective for psychotic depression. The importance of combination therapy for prophylaxis is unknown.
Therapeutic options for treating major depression, and the role of venlafaxine$$$ Major depression is a debilitating disorder that is often undertreated. Psychotherapy, electroconvulsive therapy, and pharmacotherapy are options for management. Tricyclic antidepressants and selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors are the cornerstones of drug therapy. Venlafaxine, a phenylethylamine antidepressant that primarily inhibits reuptake of norepinephrine and serotonin, is an alternative to those agents. It has been studied in short-term and continuation studies and appears to have efficacy similar to that of imipramine, trazodone, and fluoxetine. Moreover, venlafaxine is effective in approximately one-third of patients with treatment-resistant depression. Venlafaxine is metabolized by the P-450 enzyme system to an active metabolite O-desmethyl-venlafaxine, which is excreted renally. Nausea, somnolence, and dizziness are dose-related adverse effects that often occur with initiation of therapy. Increases in blood pressure, particularly with high dosages, also may occur. Drug-drug interactions appear to be minimal.
Prediction of the optimal response to treatment with antidepressive drugs$$$ The high prevalence of affective disorders in the community and its impact on the functionality and quality of life, makes it important for us to know more about the clinical characteristics and biological variables that permit an optimum therapeutic response. Although antidepressants have been available during the last 40 years, we still lack information about the prediction of the therapeutic response. Recent discoveries concerning the biochemical characteristics of the placebo responders may lead to the definition of specific antidepressive effects and, therefore, to the differentiation of response predictors. A sufficient dosage and duration of drug administration are important factors in the response prediction. Individual pharmacokinetic differences may be surpassed by the plasmatic measures in some antidepressants. Melancholic features ('endogenicity') are predictors of a good response to tricyclic antidepressants and electroconvulsive therapy. Independently of endogenicity, there is a curvilinear relationship between a severe depression episode and the response to tricyclic antidepressants. On the contrary, the presence of a personality disorder or of certain types of personality, such as histrionic traits or a high grade of neuroticism, reflect a poor response to tricyclic antidepressants. An abrupt onset, an older age and a long duration of the depressive episode are predictors of a poor response. Depressions with psychotic symptoms or with comorbility caused by substance abuse, or the lack of social support or a highly expressive emotional family environment are negative response predictors to tricyclic antidepressants. Depressed patients with atypical characteristics have a better response to monoamino oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) and serotonine uptake-inhibiting drugs than tricyclics. If the depressed patient has a first grade relative who responds favorably to an specific antidepressant, the possibilities of a good response to the drug are higher. Recurrent depression increases the risk of chronicity. Therefore, it is very important that patients with previous depressive episodes should continue their antidepressant treatment for a prolonged and sufficient time. The existence of a subclinical hypothyroidism is associated with a less favorable outcome. The reduction of the latency of rapid eye, movements sleep, after one or two days of tricyclic treatment, indicates a better long-term response.
Psychiatric illnesses in the elderly: A review$$$ Neuropsychiatric disorders in the elderly, such as dementia, depression, anxiety, and psychosis, may occur alone or in combination with neurologic or medical illness. Geriatricians must be familiar not only with diagnostic issues but also with treatment options and medication-induced alterations in mental status.
Effects of thyrotropin-releasing hormone administration on the electroconvulsive therapy induced prolactin responses and seizure time$$$ The effects of thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) administration on electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)-induced prolactin (PRL) secretion and the duration of the seizure were studied in 14 depressed women. In a balanced order crossover design the patients were given 0.4 mg TRH or placebo intravenously 20 min before ECT during the first two sessions. In the third ECT session TRH was given just prior to ECT. ECT elicited the expected PRL response when given alone and; when given 20 min after TRH when PRL plasma levels were high. During the coadministration design (third ECT session) PRL levels were raised not as a sum of the two stimuli but even significantly more. TRH failed to modify the duration of the seizure induced by ECT. Therefore, if TRH is involved in seizure modulation during ECT, our findings suggest a postictal rather than ictal role for TRH.
Intrathecal morphine for analgesia in children undergoing selective dorsal rhizotomy$$$ Selective dorsal root rhizotomy is performed for relief of spasticity in children with cerebral palsy. Postoperative pain relief can be provided by intrathecal morphine administered at the time of the procedure. We sought to define an optimal dose of intrathecal morphine in children undergoing selective rhizotomy, through a randomized, double-blinded prospective trial. After institutional approval and parental written informed consent, 27 patients, ages 3-10 years, were randomized to receive 10, 20, or 30 μg · kg-1 (Groups A, B, and C, respectively) of preservative-free morphine administered intrathecally by the surgeon after dural closure. Postoperatively, vital signs, pulse oximetry, and pain intensity scores were recorded hourly for 24 hr. Supplemental intravenous morphine was administered postoperatively according to a predetermined schedule based on pain scores. There was considerable individual variability in the time to initial morphine dosing and cumulative supplemental morphine dose. Time to first supplemental morphine dose was not different between groups. When compared to Groups A and B, cumulative 6-hr supplemental morphine dose was significantly lower in Group C (38.6 ± 47 μg versus 79.1 ± 74 and 189.6 ± 126 for Groups A and B, respectively). By 12 hr, cumulative supplemental morphine dose was similar in Groups A and C. Group B consistently had a higher supplemental dose requirement than Groups A and C at 6, 12, and 18 hr. By 24 hr, there was no difference in cumulative dose among groups. Postoperative pain scores and the incidence of respiratory events, nausea, vomiting and pruritus were comparable among groups. These data suggest that intrathecal morphine at 30 μg · kg-1 provides the most intense analgesia at 6 hr following selective dorsal root rhizotomy, but was otherwise comparable to the 10 μg · kg-1 dose.
Subjective memory complaints prior to and following electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Using the Squire Subjective Memory Questionnaire (SSMQ), depressed patients rated their memory functioning prior to a course of brief pulse, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) within the 1 week following the course and 2 months later. Normal controls made similar ratings at comparable intervals. Prior to ECT, patients reported poorer memory functioning than controls, There was marked improvement in the patients' self-reports shortly following ECT, and at 2-month follow-up SSMQ scores were generally comparable in patients and controls. At all time points, the severity of depressive symptoms was strongly associated with patients' reports of memory dysfunction. SSMQ subscales ('depression' and 'ECT' items) were not differentially sensitive to effects of ECT or depression. Relations between ECT treatment parameters and changes in patients' self-evaluations only emerged after controlling for clinical state change. Shortly following ECT, there were no relations between SSMQ scores and objective measures of cognitive functioning. However, 2 months following ECT, there was a suggestion that greater retrograde amnesia for autobiographical memories was associated with self-rating of greater memory impairment
Role of serotonin3 receptors in prolactin release induced by electroconvulsive therapy: A study with ondansetron$$$ The effect of pretreatment with odansetron on prolactin (PRL) release induced by electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was examined in 16 depressive patients in a double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover study. Ten patients were pretreated with 4 mg and the other six with 8 mg of ondansetron. The order of administration of study medication (ondansetron and placebo) was counterbalanced. The failure of ondansetron to attenuate ECT-induced PRL release suggested that serotonin, receptors are not involved in mediating this response.
The effect of esmolol pretreatment on the incidence of regional wall motion abnormalities during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is associated with dramatic increases in arterial blood pressure and heart rate (HR) that may precipitate new left ventricular regional wall motion abnormalities (RWMAs) suggestive of myocardial ischemia. The purpose of this study was to investigate the effect of pretreatment with esmolol on the incidence of RWMAs after ECT. Thirteen patients served as their own controls and, in a random fashion, received a standard succinylcholine/methohexital anesthetic for one of two ECT sessions, and an identical anesthetic with esmolol 1 mg/kg for their other ECT session. Systolic (SBP), diastolic (DBP), mean arterial pressures (MAP) and HR were recorded after drug administration and before ECT and at 1-, 2-, 4-, 5-, 10- , and 15-min intervals after ECT. Echocardiograms were obtained at baseline, after drug administration, 1 min after ECT, and at recovery 15 min later. All patients had significant increases in SBP, DBP, and MAP at 1,2, and 4 min after ECT versus baseline, whereas HR was significantly faster at all times in the control sessions. HR was significantly slower after anesthetic induction until 2 min after ECT in the esmolol versus the control group (P < 0.05). New RWMAs were seen in only 1 of 26 (4%) ECT sessions, despite the presence of baseline RWMAs in 31% of the patients. We conclude that contrary to previously reported data, new RWMAs after ECT are uncommon. Consequently, this study was unable to demonstrate any beneficial effect of pretreatment with esmolol on the incidence of ECT-induced RWMAs.
Electroconvulsive therapy and resistant depression: Clinical implications of seizure threshold$$$ Background: Patients with major depressive disorder (MDD) were treated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) to determine (1) variability of initial seizure threshold, (2) factors that influence seizure threshold, (3) change in seizure threshold during the ECT course, and (4) relationship of seizure threshold to antidepressant effects. Method: Seizure threshold was measured by a stimulus titration technique during the first, eighth, and final ECT of medication-free patients who had MDD, endogenous subtype based on Research Diagnostic Criteria and were randomly assigned to three times weekly, bilateral, brief pulse ECT (N = 24) or twice weekly ECT plus one simulated treatment per week (N = 23). Subsequent to the first ECT, stimulus intensity was 1.3 to 1.8 (median = 1.5) times threshold. The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression (HAM-D) was the primary clinical outcome measure. Results: Initial seizure threshold varied by 594%. Gender (p = .03), total strength of pre- ECT pharmacotherapy trials (p = .02), and age (p =. 12) accounted for 23.9% of the variance. Threshold increased by 42% ± 26% (p = .0001) from the first to the final ECT, and seizure duration decreased by 33% ± 28% (p = .0001). Seizure duration and mean stimulus intensity were negatively associated over all treatments (r = -.49, p = .0003). Change in HAM-D score was related to duration of the current depressive episode (r = -.39, p = .006) and total strength of pre-ECT pharmacotherapy trials (r = -.39, p = .008), but not to seizure threshold or duration. Conclusion: (1) Initial seizure threshold for pulse bilateral ECT is highly variable and not yet amenable to accurate prediction. (2) Stimulus titration allows threshold to be determined on an individual basis and dosage for subsequent treatments to be defined. (3) Seizure duration is of limited value as a sole criterion for the adequacy of treatment when initial threshold is unknown and/or electrical doses that substantially exceed threshold are used. (4) With moderately suprathreshold bilateral ECT, a relationship of seizure threshold to antidepressant response is not demonstrable.
Subjective side effects during electroconvulsive therapy$$$ In 92 depressed patients who were randomized to unilateral or bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) at either low dosage (just above seizure threshold) or high dosage (2.5 times the seizure threshold), subjective side effects were assessed with the Columbia ECT Subjective Side Effects Schedule. A research nurse administered the instrument 4 h after each treatment during the ECT course. In 41 patients, the instrument was also administered before the ECT course. Headache, disorientation, and memory complaints were the most common subjective side effects during the ECT course. Somatic side effects did not change from early to late in the ECT course, and were not influenced by ECT electrode placement or dosage. Most individual somatic side effects, including nausea, tiredness, and muscle aches/pain did not change from pre- ECT to during the ECT course, and may have been a function of the persistent somatic symptoms of depression. Cognitive complaints increased from pre-ECT to during the ECT course, but there was no overall change from pre-ECT to immediately after the ECT course. Cognitive complaints were greater with bilateral compared with unilateral ECT, with no significant effect of electrical dosage. During the ECT course, subjective mood improved and psychomotor agitation decreased, particularly in clinical responders. These findings suggest that most putative somatic side effects are related to the depressive state rather than being induced by ECT. The observed changes reinforce the need to evaluate both subjective and objective side effects during ECT.
Autobiographical memory and mood: Effects of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ An Autobiographical Memory Interview (AMI) was administered to 75 depressed inpatients and 16 nondepressed controls. Patients were randomized to 1 of 4 forms of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) that varied in electrode placement and stimulus intensity. Short-term retrograde amnesia was assessed during the week following the randomized phase. Bilateral ECT produced more marked deficits than right unilateral ECT. At a 2-month follow-up, persistent amnesic deficits were related to having received a second ECT course and, to a lesser extent, bilateral ECT during the randomized phase. The magnitude of clinical improvement was not associated with amnesia scores at either time point. There were no differential amnesic effects as a function of the affective valence of memories. It appears that retrograde amnesia for autobiographical information after ECT and mood congruence effects on recall are independent phenomena. The magnitude and persistence of retrograde amnesia is related to how ECT is performed and not to changes in clinical state or the affective valence of memories.
The role of pterins in depression and the effects of antidepressive therapy$$$ Urinary excretion of neopterins (N) and biopterins (B) was measured in 48 patients with depression before and after treatment with placebo, antidepressants, or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), and in 26 healthy control subjects. Patients prior to and after treatment had a significantly greater neopterin/biopterin (N:B) ratio than control subjects. There was a significant correlation between N:B ratios and severity of depression and plasma cortisol. As a raised N:B ratio implies failure to convert neopterin to biopterin, it is possible that reduced availability of tetrahydrobiopterin, the essential cofactor for the formation of noradrenaline, serotonin and dopamine, may exert rate-limiting control over the synthesis of monoamines implicated in the pathogenesis of depressive illness.
Addition of monoamine oxidase inhibitors to carbamazepine: Preliminary evidence of safety and antidepressant efficacy in treatment-resistant depression$$$ Background: Depression is often resistant to treatment with mood stabilizers. The antidepressant effects of carbamazepine can be potentiated by lithium supplementation, but some patients fail to respond to the combination. Although monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) appear useful in atypical and bipolar depressions, concerns have been raised regarding safety and pharmacokinetic interactions when they are combined with carbamazepine. Method: Ten inpatients (7 bipolar, 3 unipolar) with refractory DSM-III-R major depression, also resistant to double-blind treatment with carbamazepine, plus lithium augmentation in 8, received double-blind MAOI augmentation (phenelzine in 4, tranylcypromine in 6). Results: All 10 patients tolerated the addition of an MAOI well, and mean self-rated side effect scores did not change significantly. Four of 10 patients improved substantially and became euthymic, allowing discharge from hospital on the carbamazepine ± lithium plus MAOI combination. These 4 patients improved in spite of prior inadequate responses to the same MAOI without carbamazepine and carbamazepine without an MAOI. Conclusion: This preliminary evidence suggests that the addition of MAOIs to carbamazepine ± lithium may be well tolerated, may not affect carbamazepine and lithium pharmacokinetics, and may provide relief of refractory depressive symptoms in some patients. Further studies are needed to establish the safety and efficacy of combining carbamazepine with MAOIs.
Use of midazolam for ECT anesthesia: Effects on antidepressive efficacy and seizure duration. Preliminary findings$$$ Midazolam is a short acting benzodiazepine that has been used for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) anesthesia. The purpose of this study was to determine whether midazolam used for this purpose would impair the antidepressive efficacy of ECT. In a double-blind random-assignment study midazolam was compared to methohexital on the antidepressive efficacy of bilateral ECT as measured by the reduction in the Montgomery Asberg Depression Rating Scale (MADRS) scores and seizure duration. Sixteen DSM-III-R major depressive disorder patients with melancholia were included. Midazolam and methohexital did not differ in their effects on the MADRS score or seizure duration; no correlation was found between seizure duration and outcome of depression for either group. Our preliminary findings do not support the claim that benzodiazepines should not be used during bilateral ECT.
Pain relief for thoracotomy: Comparison of morphine requirements using an extrapleural infusion of bupivacaine$$$ Background and Objectives. The effectiveness of a continuous infusion of extrapleural bupivacaine for relief of postoperative pain was assessed in patients undergoing posterolateral thoracotomy under general anesthesia by comparing morphine requirements. Methods. Bupivacaine 0.25% was infused at a rate of 5 mL/h through an unkinkable extrapleural catheter that was sited under direct vision at operation. Results. Mean (± SD) 24-hour requirements for morphine from a patient-controlled analgesia device were 39 ± 15 mg for the treated group and 69 ± 26 mg in the control group (P < .006). Patients in the treated group recorded significantly smaller visual analog scores for pain both at rest (P < .005) and on movement (P < .03) compared to the control group. There were no adverse effects associated with the use of extrapleural bupivacaine in this study. Conclusions. Continuous extrapleural infusion of bupivacaine through unkinkable catheters sited during thoracotomy resulted in decreased intravenous patient-controlled analgesia use and decreased verbal categoric pain scores at rest and during movement.
Comparison of propofol and methohexitone in anaesthesia for ECT: Effect on seizure duration and outcome$$$ The effect of the induction agents propofol and methohexitone on seizure duration and clinical outcome was assessed in a prospective, randomised, double blind study in 32 depressed patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), Assessments comprised Hamilton rating scales pre-ECT, weekly during the course, and at one month follow-up. Patients showed a significant improvement in depression as measured by the Hamilton rating scale across the course of the ECT treatment. This improvement was not significantly different in the propofol and methohexitone groups. Nor was the amount of improvement related to either the total duration of seizure experienced by the patient during the ECT series or the use of tricyclic antidepressants by some patients.
Epidemiology and treatment of post-stroke depression.$$$ Depression is a common and serious complication after stroke. According to epidemiological studies, at least 30% of stroke patients experience depression, both early and late after stroke. However, in clinical practice only a minority of the patients are diagnosed and even fewer are treated. There are several studies confirming the magnitude of the problem but the main conclusion which can be drawn from the few treatment studies published is that tricyclic antidepressants cannot be recommended for the treatment of post-stroke depression, mainly because of the high frequency of contraindications and adverse effects. Until now there has only been 1 double-blind, placebo-controlled treatment study from which some general conclusions can be drawn. The study evaluated a selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (citalopram) and concluded that the drug was well tolerated and effective for the treatment of post-stroke depression. However, when treatment was initiated very early, both the treatment group and the placebo group improved equally during the first 7 weeks after stroke. This finding could indicate diagnosis difficulties during the first few weeks after stroke. A recent study, although small, comparing the combination of drugs with either noradrenergic (desipramine plus mianserin) or noradrenergic and serotonergic effects (imipramine plus mianserin) for post-stroke depression, indicated that drugs with the dual effect may be more effective. Many more double-blind placebo-controlled treatment studies and studies comparing the efficacy and adverse effects of various antidepressants in patients with post-stroke depression need to be conducted. According to 3 small studies, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) seems to be quite well tolerated and therefore ECT may also be considered in the treatment of post-stroke depression. Future studies should also address the long term efficacy of treatment for post-stroke depression.
Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) in the treatment of major depression - A pilot study$$$ Transcranial magnetic stimulation (TMS) is a diagnostic method well established in neurology. As some effects of TMS are similar to those of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), we looked for an antidepressant efficacy of TMS in a semi-blinded monocentric pilot study. Fifteen patients with Major Depression (DSM-III-R) were included. Ten patients were randomized into two groups and treated with 250 transcranial magnetic stimuli/session for five consecutive days. Stimulus intensity in the two groups was motoric threshold ±0.3 tesla respectively. Five patients received placebo stimulation in a similar setting. As assessed by the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAMD), the Clinical Global Impression (CGI), and the Adjective Mood Scale of von Zerssen (Bf-S/Bf-S'), there was an improvement of depressive symptoms in both verum groups, more pronounced in the 'stimulation below threshold' group. Patients in the placebo group did not benefit from stimulation. Our data suggest that TMS might indeed have a relevant antidepressive efficacy.
The comparative effects of methohexital, propofol, and etomidate for electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The intravenous anesthetics which are commonly used for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) possess dose-dependent anticonvulsant properties. Since the clinical efficacy of ECT depends on the induction of a seizure of adequate duration, it is important to determine the optimal dose of the hypnotic for use during ECT. We compared the duration of seizure activity and cognitive recovery profiles after different doses of methohexital, propofol, and etomidate administered to induce hypnosis prior to ECT. Ten outpatients with major depressive disorders receiving maintenance ECT participated in this prospective, randomized, cross-over study. Patients were premedicated with glycopyrrolate, 0.2 mg intravenously (IV), and labetalol, 20-30 mg IV, and hypnosis was induced with an IV bolus injection of methohexital or propofol (0.75, 1.0, and 1.5 mg/kg), or etomidate (0.15, 0.2, and 0.3 mg/kg), administered over 10-15 s. Adequate muscle paralysis was achieved with succinylcholine, 1.0-1.4 mg/kg IV. Each patient's seizure threshold was determined prior to enrollment in the study and the electrical stimulus variables were kept constant throughout the study period. After delivery of a bilateral electrical stimulus, the duration of the resulting electroencephalographic (EEG) and motor seizures were recorded. A total of 90 ECT treatments were evaluated. The durations of EEG and motor seizures were longest after etomidate and shortest after propofol. There were no significant dose-related differences in motor and EEG seizure durations (means ± SD) after the low, intermediate, and high doses of etomidate of 44 ± 11 and 77 ± 19, 43 ± 10 and 76 ± 34, 42 ± 16 and 78 ± 56 s, respectively. Conversely, both methohexital and propofol, 0.75, 1.0, and 1.5 mg/kg, produced dose-dependent decreases in motor and EEG seizure durations (i.e., 37 ± 10 and 58 ± 12, 36 ± 8 and 62 ± 24, and 29 ± 13 and 48 ± 20 for methohexital; 34 ± 15 and 56 ± 29, 31 ± 8 and 50 ± 17, and 20 ± 6 and 33 ± 12 for propofol, respectively). The awakening times were similar, regardless of the hypnotic or dose administered. The rate of cognitive recovery was prolonged after ECT treatments with a longer duration of seizure activity. Discharge time was 5-7 min longer after etomidate than methohexital or propofol. Etomidate, 0.15-0.3 mg/kg, has minimal effect on the duration of ECT-induced seizure activity. However, recovery of cognitive functions was prolonged after etomidate because of the longer period of seizure activity. Propofol and methohexital, at doses more than 1 mg/kg, lead to 35%-45% decreases in ECT-induced seizure duration compared to etomidate. We conclude that etomidate may be a useful alternative to propofol and methohexital for ECT therapy.
Recovery after electroconvulsive therapy: Comparison of propofol with methohexitone anaesthesia$$$ We have studied prospectively 39 patients receiving a course of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) for major depressive disorder; they were allocated randomly to receive either propofol or methohexitone for anaesthesia. Recovery after the third ECT treatment was assessed by finger tap and digit symbol substitution tests at 15, 30, 45, 60 and 90 min after induction. Seizure duration (median (interquartile range)) was shorter with propofol (24 (10)s) than methohexitone (29 (17)s) (P = 0.08). There was no significant difference in psychometric recovery for drug type, duration of the seizure or initial severity of depression. These results suggest that the more rapid recovery rates noted with propofol in other procedures are not evident after electrically induced seizures.
Cost analysis of paroxetine versus imipramine in major depression$$$ A simulation decision analytical model was used to compare the annual direct medical costs of treating patients with major depression using the selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor (SSRI) paroxetine or the tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) imipramine. Medical treatment patterns were determined from focus groups of general and family practitioners and psychiatrists in Boston, Dallas and Chicago, US. Direct medical costs included the wholesale drug acquisition costs (based on a 6-month course of drug therapy), psychiatrist and/or general practitioner visits, hospital outpatient visits, hospitalisation and electroconvulsive therapy. Acute phase treatment failure rates were derived from an intention-to-treat analysis of a previously published trial of paroxetine, imipramine and placebo in patients with major depression. Maintenance phase relapse rates were obtained from a 12-month trial of paroxetine, supplemented from the medical literature. The relapse rates for the final 6 months of the year were obtained from medical literature and expert opinion. Direct medical costs were estimated from a health insurance claims database The estimated total direct medical cost per patient was slightly lower using paroxetine ($US2348) than generic imipramine ($US2448) as first-line therapy. This result was sensitive to short term dropout rates but robust to changes in other major parameters, including hospitalisation costs and relapse rates. The financial benefit of paroxetine, despite its 15-fold higher acquisition cost compared with imipramine, is attributable to a higher rate of completion of the initial course of therapy and consequent reduced hospitalisation rates.
The ictal EEG as a marker of adequate stimulus intensity with unilateral ECT$$$ Relative stimulus intensity above seizure threshold has been shown to affect therapeutic outcome with unilateral ECT. The authors sought to explore whether a multivariate ictal EEG model would permit ongoing clinical assessment of this parameter. Twenty-five depressed subjects were randomized to either barely (T) or moderately (2.5T) supra-threshold ECT treatments. Seizures in 2.5T subjects had significantly greater ictal spectral amplitude and coherence, greater postictal suppression, and shorter latency until ictal slow-wave onset. A multivariate logistic regression ictal EEG model distinguished between stimulus intensity groups with 90% accuracy. Preliminary evidence suggests a relationship between several ictal EEG indices and therapeutic outcome. A multivariate ictal EEG algorithm holds promise as a tool for clinical determination of adequate stimulus intensity with unilateral ECT.
Antidepressants: Can we determine how quickly they work? Issues from the literature$$$ Published reports of antidepressants in clinical trials were reviewed by conducting a literature search focusing on the time period between 1969 and 1994; 240 English-language articles were identified. In these, considerable variation was noted in how study data were evaluated. A few particular points of view concerning antidepressant speed of onset were abstracted. These demonstrate that both antidepressant and placebo treatment of depressed patients are associated with measurable clinical activity during the first weeks of therapy. Methods currently exist to determine speed of antidepressant onset. However, at least one proposed method (Quitkin's pattern analysis) has not yet identified any fast-acting antidepressants. Further work is needed to refine the methods of studying antidepressant onset of action. It is most important that antidepressant drugs with early, clinically relevant onset of activity be identified.
Onset and time course of antidepressant action: Psychopharmacological implications of a controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Onset and time course of antidepressant effect were examined in 47 patients with major depressive disorder who had been randomly assigned to twice weekly bilateral, brief pulse electroconvulsive therapy plus one simulated treatment per week (ECTx2) or to a three times weekly schedule of administration (ECTx3). Rapid improvement was observed in the ECTx3 group in whom the number of real ECTs to 30% reduction on the Hamilton Depression Scale (HAM-D) was 3.2 ± 1.90, administered over 7.3 ± 4.43 days and to 60% reduction, 5.9 ± 3.09 real ECTs over 13.7 ± 7.21 days. Among the responders in both groups combined, 24.3 ± 29.58% of the overall improvement in HAM-D was contributed by the first real ECT, 60.9 ± 28.13% by the first four real ECTs and 91.6 ± 25.82% by the first eight. Although 85.3 % of the responders had reached 60% HAM-D improvement after eight ECTs, a clinically significant minority (14.7%) responded later in the course (ECT 9-12). However, response was predictable on the basis of symptomatic improvement (30% on the HAM-D) by the sixth real ECT. Thirty-three out of 34 responders would have been correctly identified by this criterion and only 2 out of 13 non-responders mis-identified (P < 0.000001). Once achieved, the antidepressant effect was stable, without continuation pharmacotherapy, until 1 week after the last treatment and on lithium carbonate (Li) or Li plus clomipramine for a further 3 weeks. These findings confirm the clinical impression that ECT is a rapidly effective treatment for major depression with a shorter latency than generally reported for antidepressant drugs. Elucidation of its neurobiological mechanisms could contribute to the development of pharmacological agents with a similar profile.
Post-stroke psychiatric problems. Diagnosis, pathophysiology and drug treatment options$$$ Depression is the most common psychiatric disorder occurring as a consequence of stroke. Approximately 40 to 50% of patients will present with depression in the first month after an acute cerebrovascular accident (CVA). Post-stroke depression may have a significant effect on the recovery of activities of daily living and cognitive function of stroke patients. Antidepressant drugs have been demonstrated to be effective in the treatment of post-stroke depression. Stimulant drugs and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) have also been found to be effective in uncontrolled studies. Mania is a rare complication of stroke. Its mechanism is still unknown, and treatment is based on those drugs that are effective in the treatment of primary mania. The treatment of post-stroke bipolar disorder also follows the guidelines for the treatment of primary bipolar disorder. Lithium is the mainstay of treatment, which may be combined with antipsychotics or other mood stabilisers, such as valproic acid (sodium valproate) or carbamazepine. Other psychiatric problems associated with stroke include post-stroke anxiety, post-stroke psychosis and pathological laughing and crying. Anxiety responds to anti-anxiety drugs such as benzodiazepines. There are 2 basic therapeutic approaches to the treatment of post-stroke psychosis. One approach utilises anticonvulsant therapy and the other antipsychotics. Nortriptyline and citalopram have been shown to be effective in double-blind, controlled studies for the treatment of pathological laughing and crying following stroke.
Predictors of retrograde amnesia following ECT$$$ Objective: Substantial progress has been made in identifying how the treatment parameters used in ECT impact on cognitive side effects. However, there is limited information regarding individual differences in vulnerability to these side effects. The authors examined patients' pretreatment global cognitive status and postictal orientation recovery time as potential predictors of the magnitude of retrograde amnesia for autobiographical memories after ECT. Method: Seventy-one inpatients with major depressive disorder were randomly assigned to four ECT conditions that varied in electrode placement (right unilateral versus bilateral) and stimulus dosage (low versus high intensity). Orientation recovery time was assessed at virtually every session during the course of ECT. Global cognitive status was assessed with the modified Mini-Mental State examination before treatment, during the week after termination of treatment, and 2 months after treatment ended. Retrograde amnesia was assessed at these same time points with the Autobiographical Memory Interview. Results: Pre-ECT global cognitive status and the duration of postictal disorientation were strong predictors of the magnitude of retrograde amnesia in the week after the course of ECT and at 2-month follow-up. In general, these relationships were maintained regardless of technical parameters in the administration of the ECT. Conclusions: Patients who manifest global cognitive impairment before treatment and patients who experience prolonged disorientation in the acute postictal period may be the most vulnerable to persistent retrograde amnesia for autobiographical information.
Bipolar disorder in children: Misdiagnosis, underdiagnosis, and future directions$$$ Bipolar disorder has not been well studied in prepubertal children, despite its potentially debilitating effects on growth and development. However, there have been case reports of mania in this age group dating back to Esquirol in the mid-19th century. Despite anecdotal case reports, explicit criteria to diagnose mania in children were not used until 1960. Since 1980 the DSM-III/DSM-III-R criteria have indicated adult criteria can be used to diagnose childhood mania, with some modifications to adjust for age differences. Bipolar disorder has not been frequently considered in the psychiatric differential diagnosis of children. However, if a diagnosis of mania is made, clinical rating scales can be used to rate the severity of manic symptoms and to monitor treatment. A manic child should be treated using a biopsychosocial approach. To date, lithium carbonate has been the most commonly used psychopharmacological treatment, but results have been variable. Additional research is needed, including double-blind, placebo- controlled studies to document the beneficial effects of mood-stabilizing medications. Also, diagnostic instruments should be refined to improve their utility. Finally, children at high risk for developing mania should be studied to identify predictors of bipolar disorder in children.
Isoflurane narcotherapy in depressive patients refractory to conventional antidepressant drug treatment. A double-blind comparison with electroconvulsive treatment$$$ This is the first report on a controlled study comparing the therapeutic and non-therapeutic (side) effects of electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) and isoflurane narcotherapy (ISONAR; deep anesthesias with the inhalation of anesthetic isoflurane) in drug-refractory, severely depressed women, who had been randomly allocated either to ECT (n = 10) or ISONAR (n = 10). Patients from each group were subjected to a total of six treatment sessions (two sessions per week) and maintained on a fixed antidepressant drug dose. The antidepressant efficacy of either treatment was evaluated for each treatment session (in search of a 'rapid antidepressant effect') and at weekly intervals. Cognitive functions or signs of an organic brain syndrome were evaluated by means of psychological tests and extensive EEG analyses. Rapid antidepressant effects of the first treatment session were only significant in patients on ISONAR; in the subsequent treatment sessions, ECT also induced rapid antidepressant effects. Antidepressant effects during the treatment period were comparable, and patients on ISONAR improved further during follow-up, whereas patients on ECT tended to relapse. ISONAR-treated patients improved in most psychometric variables, whereas patients on ECT deteriorated. Finally, the EEG patterns of the ISONAR-treated patients remained normal or augmented (dominant alpha power), whereas patients on ECT developed an increase in abnormalities in EEG patterns and theta/delta power. This indicates an organic brain syndrome in patients on ECT.
Neuropsychiatric sequelae of stroke and traumatic brain injury: The role of psychostimulants$$$ Objective: The primary purpose of this article is to review certain neuropsychiatric sequelae of stroke and traumatic brain injury (TBI), and the role of the psychostimulants methylphenidate (MPD) and dextroamphetamine (DAMP) in their treatment. Method: A general review of the topic is presented. Controlled and uncontrolled studies involving the use of the psychostimulants are discussed. These consist of 11 studies listed with Medline 2000 that deal specifically with stroke or head injury, with the oldest study reviewed dating back to 1984. Studies concerning the use of psychostimulants in the medically or neurologically ill are reviewed to the extent that they are pertinent. Results: The current literature consists primarily of uncontrolled case studies. However, these are reviewed and found to suggest a role for the use of the psychostimulants, which is discussed. Conclusions: In general, these drugs appear to be a reasonable treatment choice for certain types of mood, behavior, and cognitive symptoms following brain injury. However, it is noted that larger scale controlled studies are needed to adequately assess the clinical usefulness of these drugs.
Body dysmorphic disorder: An obsessive-compulsive spectrum disorder, a form of affective spectrum disorder, or both?$$$ Over the past century, body dysmorphic disorder (BDD), a preoccupation with an imagined or slight defect in appearance, has been hypothesized to be related to obsessive-compulsive disorder (OCD). More recently, BDD has also been hypothesized to be a form of affective spectrum disorder. Affective spectrum disorder refers to a family of disorders postulated to have a common pathophysiologic abnormality. This grouping of disorders has been identified on the basis of their response to pharmacologic treatments and is supported by comorbidity and family studies. Available data suggest that BDD should be considered a candidate form of affective spectrum disorder-a disorder that may eventually be demonstrated to belong to this family of disorders. Available data also strongly support the hypothesis that BDD is an obsessive- compulsive spectrum disorder. Because OCD itself has been hypothesized to be an affective spectrum disorder, BDD may be more narrowly conceptualized as an obsessive-compulsive spectrum disorder and more broadly as a candidate form of affective spectrum disorder.
Antidepressant and cognitive effects of twice- versus three-times-weekly ECT$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to determine which of the two commonly used schedules of ECT administration, twice or three times weekly, is clinically optimal in terms of antidepressant efficacy and cognitive effects. Method: In this double-blind study, 52 consenting, medication-free patients with major depressive disorder, endogenous subtype (Research Diagnostic Criteria), were randomly assigned to bilateral, brief-pulse, constant-current ECT administered over 4 weeks at a rate of three times weekly or twice weekly with the addition of one simulated ECT (anesthesia and muscle relaxant only) per week. Outcome measures were the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale, Acute Cognitive Effects Battery, and Chronic Cognitive Effects Battery. Results: Hamilton depression scale scores were significantly improved by both schedules, with no difference in outcome either 1 week or 1 month after the end of the ECT series. However, the rate of response to ECT three times a week was significantly faster and was related to the rate of real ECT administration. Cognitive effects were more prominent with ECT three times a week. Conclusions: ECT twice a week is an effective schedule for clinical practice and is potentially advantageous in view of a therapeutic outcome identical to that of ECT three times a week and less severe cognitive effects. ECT three times a week may be specifically indicated when early onset of clinical effect is of primary importance.
Patient knowledge about electroconvulsive therapy: Effect of an informational video$$$ We wished to ascertain whether the addition of an informational video to the informed consent procedure for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) results in improved patient knowledge about ECT. Eighteen ECT patients were randomized to consent using the usual written document or using the written document and an informational video. The two groups were similar when compared on demographic variables and scores on the Brief Psychiatric Rating Scale (BPRS) and Mini-Mental State Examination (MMSE). Each subject, just after signing the informed consent document, was administered an 8-question ECT knowledge questionnaire. The addition of an informational video to the consent process for ECT did not result in improved knowledge about ECT. Poor knowledge about ECT might be accounted for by unsuccessful communication from the doctors or cognitive impairment and apathy on the part of the patients. One benefit of the video was increased interest from family members in ECT and the consent process.
Which depressed patients respond to ECT? The Nottingham results$$$ The Nottingham electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) trial was designed with a simulated treatment group to test prospectively the power of delusions or agitation to predict response. The response of patients without retardation and without delusions was examined retrospectively as well because of doubts over the usefulness of ECT for this subgroup. Deluded/nondeluded and agitated/nonagitated subtypes responded significantly to real treatment. Neither delusions nor agitation predicted greater treatment response. Patients without retardation, with or without delusions responded to real ECT, supporting the continuing prescription of ECT for these patients as well.
Postoperative analgesia and plasma levels after transdermal fentanyl for orthopedic surgery: Double-blind comparison with placebo$$$ Study Objective: To determine whether transdermal fentanyl can provide a significant component of postoperative analgesia. Design: Randomized, double blind study. Setting: Inpatient surgery in a university hospital. Patients: 40 adult patients scheduled for orthopedic surgery with general anesthesia. Interventions: 20 patients in each group had general anesthesia with propofol, isoflurane in nitrous oxide and oxygen (O2), and small boli of alfentanil or sufentanil. Preoperatively, the first group (F) received a transdermal therapeutic system fentanyl patch (75 μg/hr) for 72 hours, and the second group (P) received a placebo patch. Morphine was given postoperatively according to clinical necessity. Measurements and Main Results: Morphine consumption, pain visual analog scale, and eventual sedation were assessed, as well as respiratory rate and blood pressure. Plasma fentanyl concentrations were determined. Only 11 Group F patients needed morphine compared with 19 Group P patients, and mean morphine dose was significantly lower in Group F. One Group F patient had decreased O2 saturation and intense sedation, necessitating administration of naloxone. The mean maximum plasma fentanyl concentration in Group F was 1.63 ng/ml. Conclusion: Efficacy of transdermal fentanyl for postoperative pain relief is shown, but intense respiratory depression is sometimes seen.
Mixed or dysphoric manic states: Psychopathology and treatment$$$ Although the diagnostic criteria for the phenomenon of mixed states are not well defined, it is clear that this variant of bipolar disorder is prevalent, severe, and difficult to treat. The presence of complicating factors, such as substance abuse, neurologic insults or disorders, or developmental disorders, appears to increase the risk for developing mixed states. Several investigators have reported that patients with mixed episodes are less responsive to lithium therapy than are patients with pure mania. This review, however, reports that only limited data are available to support the efficacy of other antimanic agents. Divalproex appears to be more efficacious than lithium for patients in mixed states, but studies with larger patient populations are needed for confirmation. More than one agent may be required to bring about effective treatment, a factor that complicates simple comparator studies. When conventional pharmacotherapy fails, electroshock therapy often proves useful.
A medication algorithm for treatment of bipolar rapid cycling?$$$ Individuals with the rapid cycling form of bipolar disorder represent 13% to 20% of the bipolar population. Although lithium remains the treatment of choice for classic bipolar disorder, failure rates as high as 72% to 82% have been reported for lithium among those who have the rapid cycling variant. Treatment alternatives, including the use of divalproex sodium and carbamazepine, have shown promise for this often treatment-refractory group of patients. Predictors of positive outcome for the acute and prophylactic management of mania with divalproex sodium have emerged; they include nonpsychotic mania, the occurrence of decreasing or stable episode frequencies, mild mania, and mixed states. Predictors for positive acute and prophylactic antidepressant responses to divalproex sodium include nonpsychotic mania, increasingly severe mania, and the absence of borderline personality. Mixed results have been reported for studies using carbamazepine therapy for the treatment of rapid cycling bipolar disorder. Some investigators have reported success with carbamazepine in conjunction with other medications, while others have not. A psychopharmacologic algorithm for the treatment of rapid cycling bipolar disorder is proposed. There is a growing opinion among psychiatrists that patients who rapidly cycle should be treated with an anticonvulsant prior to lithium. However, until homogeneous cohorts of rapid cyclers undergo at least random assignment to different open treatments, these recommendations remain controversial.
Prolactin and cortisol release during ECT are not influenced by pretreatment with the serotonin receptor agonist sumatriptan$$$ The prolactin release during electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) can be inhibited by pretreatment with methysergide, a 5HT1, 5HT2, and dopamine receptor antagonist, but not by the specific 5HT2 antagonists ketanserin or ritanserin. To investigate if 5HT1 receptors are involved in the ECT induced hormone release, the 5HT1-like receptor agonist sumatriptan was used as a pharmacologic probe. Compared to placebo, sumatriptan alone, 100 mg orally, had a positive influence on prolactin plasma levels 20 min after administration, and a negative influence on cortisol, at +40 min. Given 15 min prior to ECT (7 depressive women), sumatriptan did not alter the patterns of prolactin and cortisol release obtained during ECT without sumatriptan. The results indicate that 5HT1-like receptors do not participate in the ECT induced hormone release.
Treatment approaches to therapy-resistant depression$$$ Resistance to antidepressant treatment is a controversial field and therapy resistance has received a wide range of definitions. The field has suffered from a lack of consensus on how to classify treatment resistance and from the related failure to standardise clinical criteria in trials of new therapeutic approaches. A significant proportion of tricyclic antidepressant (TCA) resistant depression results from the failure to sustain an adequate course of therapy. This can be due to either inadequate prescribing or the poor tolerability of TCAs. The majority of cases of treatment resistance, however, involve antidepressant therapy at a dose and duration that would normally be expected to be effective. In these cases, therapy may fail for many reasons. Refractory depression may occur in patients with medical conditions such as subclinical hypothyroidism, stroke and closed head injuries. Patients with alcoholism may prove refractory to treatment, as may those receiving certain medications, notably calcium channel blockers. Certain subtypes of depression, such as rapid-cycling disorder and delusional depression, also appear to be more refractory to treatment. A variety of therapeutic approaches have been applied to treatment-resistant depression but, for most of these, placebo-controlled clinical trials with substantial numbers of patients have not been conducted. Selective serotonin re-uptake inhibitors (SSRIs) may have a role to play in TCA-resistant patients as a result of their superior tolerability; monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) also have a significant therapeutic role. ECT has an important role to play in patients who failed to respond to successive drug therapies. Of the various add-on therapies, thyroid augmentation (triiodothyronine) of antidepressant treatment has shown promise, and definite benefits have been established for lithium augmentation. Evidence has emerged to show that lithium is not only effective as an adjunct to TCA therapy, but also to the better tolerated SSRIs. However, further trials will be necessary to determine the optimal dosage and treatment duration for lithium augmentation.
Comparison of the efficacy of titrated, moderate-dose and fixed, high- dose right unilateral ECT in elderly patients$$$ The authors compared the efficacy of titrated, moderate-dose and fixed, high-dose strategies for right unilateral (RUL) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in a group of elderly patients. Nineteen depressed patients (mean age 76 years) were randomized to receive either fixed, high-dose RUL ECT (n = 10) or titrated, moderate-dose RUL ECT (n = 9). Blind Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression ratings were made before and after each treatment. Patients on the fixed, high-dose regimen responded faster and received fewer treatments (mean = 5.7) than the titrated, moderate-dose group (mean = 8.0). The fixed, high- dose group received greater cumulative stimulus charge but less cumulative EEG seizure time. Final depression ratings and memory self-ratings were similar for the two groups.
The significance of clinical EEG abnormalities in depressed patients treated with ECT$$$ Standard pretreatment clinical electroencephalograms (EEGs) were abnormal in 18.6% of 140 consecutive patients with Research Diagnostic Criteria (RDC) endogenous major depression, The patients were randomized to unilateral or bilateral and low- and high-dosage electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) conditions. Clinical features, short-term treatment response, and the rate and timing of relapse were contrasted in patients with normal and abnormal clinical EEG examinations. Psychotic depression was more common among abnormal EEG (61.5%) than normal EEG (38.9%) patients. Otherwise, the two groups were equivalent in a variety of demographic, clinical, and pharmacological variables. Patients with abnormal EEG findings tended to show a poorer rate of response to unilateral ECT, but a strong rate of response to bilateral ECT. Rates and timing of relapse were equivalent in the two groups. Other than the suggestion that bilateral ECT may be preferable in patients with clinical EEG abnormalities, little evidence was found that such abnormalities characterize discrete subgroups or have productive utility with respect to ECT outcome.
An exploratory evaluation of ECT in haloperidol-treated DSM-IIIR schizophreniform disorder$$$ In a double-blind, prospective study, 30 consecutive treatment-naive adult men with first-onset psychosis and DSM-IIIR provisional schizophreniform disorder (without good prognostic features) were randomized into true electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and sham ECT groups. Both groups received haloperidol in a fixed dose of 15 mg at night. The ECT schedule comprised six bilateral, sinusoidal wave treatments administered on alternate days, thrice a week. Weekly ratings for the first 6 weeks showed an absence of significant difference between the groups in the number of patients responding and in the rate of attenuation of psychosis; severity of depression, while less in the true ECT group after the first 3 weeks, did not differ between the groups at any subsequent time point. Clinical ratings were repeated at 6 months, and social functioning was assessed; again, no group differences emerged. It is concluded that ECT does not meaningfully improve response in unselected schizophreniform disorder that is treated with an adequate dose of neuroleptic.
Behavior therapy for obsessive compulsive disorder$$$ Exposure in vivo and ritual or response prevention are the essential elements of behavior therapy for obsessive compulsive disorder. Naturalistic behavior therapy helped a fortunate few before the effective elements of behavior therapy were identified and systematically applied. Homework exposure and response prevention are essential and therapist accompaniment is seldom necessary. Homework sessions are planned by patient and clinician and written records facilitate treatment modifications during homework sessions. About a quarter of patients refuse behavior therapy, but 90% of the remainder achieve worthwhile gains with exposure and response prevention. Limited availability of behavior therapy is a substantial public health problem.
Behavioral habituation to spatial novelty: Interference and noninterference studies$$$ Long-term behavioral habituation (LTH), that is activity decrement upon repeated exposures to spatial novelty, is a relatively simple and ubiquitous form of behavioral plasticity in the animal kingdom, that can be used as a model of nonassociative learning in the freely behaving organism. Several strategies can be followed to tackle upon it. (a) Interference studies pertain to manipulation of the between-exposure interval by a variety of agents of different nature, that are known to interfere with hypothesized 'consolidation process(es)' in associative learning paradigms. This approach indicates that LTH is modulated by NMDA receptors, requires polysome aggregation and protein synthesis, a functioning neocortex and both slow wave and paradoxical sleep. Further, it is modulated by endogenously released or exogenously given vasopressin and is not affected by blockade of endogenous opioids, at least through the 'mu' receptor type. Moreover, LTH is disrupted by bilateral, electrolytic lesion of the locus coeruleus, but it is only impaired by 6-OH-DA bilateral lesion of the dorsal noradrenergic bundle, and it is facilitated by electrolytic lesion of the medial septal nuclei. (b) Noninterference correlative studies: Individual differences in behavioral variables can be correlated to some components of the architecture of the hippocampus to reveal structure-function relationships. (c) Noninterference maturation studies pertain to the study of the maturation of LTH during postnatal development in a scaled-down Lat-maze in normally reared rats and in rats with deranged rate of body and brain growth by litter size technique, differential stimulation or by perinatal propylthiouracil-induced hypothyroidism. (d) Noninterference development studies pertain to the formation of LTH varying the between-exposure interval. It was studied in albino rats of a Sprague-Dawley, random-bred stock (NRB) and of the Naples High (NHE) and Low-Excitability (NLE) lines. The study was carried out during the light or the dark phase of a 12: 12LD cycle, by retesting at different inter-exposure intervals. Multivariate analysis of variance showed significant effects of strain, inter-exposure interval and of postexposure sleep or wakefulness. Furthermore, analysis of the temporal pattern showed the formation of LTH to follow a non linear complex function. Further, behavioral habituation consists of emotional and cognitive components that can be separated across different approaches. In conclusion, long-term habituation to a novel environment is a useful model to study experience- induced nonassociative behavioral modifications.
Suicide in major depression in different treatment settings$$$ Background: Whether suicide victims having suffered from major depression differ in their characteristics and treatment of depression received in various settings prior to death has been unknown. Method: From a random sample representing all completed suicides in Finland within a 12-month period, cases with a best estimate diagnosis of current unipolar DSM-III-R major depression (N = 71) were comprehensively analyzed using the method of psychological autopsy. Suicide victims with major depression were classified according to treatment setting, and the victims in different setting psychiatric care (N = 32), medical care (N = 27), and no contact with health care (N = 12)-were compared. Results: The sex distribution of suicides who had major depression was equal within psychiatric care; but in medical care or without contact with health care, 77% (30 of 39) were men (p = .018). Significantly more victims in psychiatric than in medical care had communicated to attending personnel their intent to commit suicide (59% [19 of 321 vs. 19% [5 of 27], p = .004). Antidepressants were received by 60% of victims in psychiatric care but only 16% in medical care (p = .002). Conclusion: Suicide victims with major depression differ in sex distribution and communication of suicide intent among treatment settings, which may complicate the ability to generalize research findings, particularly from psychiatric to medical care. Promoting suicide prevention in major depressive disorders would seem to require improving not only the quality of treatment within psychiatric care, but also basic skills in recognizing and treating depression in medical care, especially for male patients.
Study of the effects of electroconvulsive therapy, uni versus bilateral, upon some cognitive functions in depressive disorder, under electroencephalographic monitoring. Preliminary results$$$ Cognitive functions are known to be impaired by ECT. The aim of this study is to differentiate the effects of electroconvulsive therapy on some cognitive functions according to the mode of application of the electrodes. The brief-pulse Thymatron® DG apparatus allows to control four electrical parameters and to assess electroencephalographic data. The preliminary sample comprises nine patients suffering of major depressive disorder; they are randomly assigned to the mode of application of the electrodes, bilateral or unilateral to the non dominant hemisphere. Clinical evolution is surveyed by the Montgomery and Asbert Depression Rating Scale. Non mnesic functions are assessed: arousal by CFF (Critical Fusion Frequency), and attentional, motor and decisional abilities by CRT (Choice Reaction Test). Different mnesic function are studied by selective reminding test, cued recall test, block tapping test and picture fragmentation test. After treatment by ECT, verbal mnesic functions assessed by selective reminding test are impaired with the bilateral application. Whereas they are not modified with the unilateral application. The variance of CFF regains a physiological value in the bilateral group, but remains altered in the unilateral.
Central issues regarding the mechanisms of action of electroconvulsive therapy: Directions for future research$$$ Over 100 theories have been offered to account for the therapeutic effects of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The findings that technical factors in treatment administration strongly determine the magnitude of antidepressant effects contradict a number of psychological explanations that focus on placebo effects end patient expectations. The independence of therapeutic and adverse cognitive side effects implies an independence of mechanisms. Biological investigation of mechanisms has been impeded by the belief that therapeutic effects are an intrinsic outcome of seizure elicitation. However, recent research has contradicted long-held conceptions of the necessary and sufficient conditions for ECT's antidepressant effects. The recognition that generalized seizures that lack therapeutic properties can be reliably elicited provides new opportunities for examining the neurophysiological and biochemical determinants of efficacy. Neurophysiological and biochemical theories are described end future research directions are outlined.
Efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy after propofol and methohexital anesthesia$$$ Fifty-eight patients with major depression were randomly assigned to receive a hypnotic dose of either propofol or methohexital for their complete treatment series of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). As expected, seizure duration was significantly shorter with propofol than with methohexital anesthesia. Both groups recovered from their depression at the same rate. There was a significant improvement in the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores between the first and last ECT session. However, this was independent of the choice of propofol or methohexital as the anesthetic. This study supports previous reports that seizure duration does not influence recovery from depression.
Effects of low-dose TRH on cognitive deficits in the ECT postictal state$$$ A low dose (0.5 mg) of thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH), a short- acting tripeptide with known analeptic properties, was administered to eight depressed patients 5 minutes after ECT session 3 or 4 in a double-blind, placebo-controlled crossover design. After TRH infusion the patients displayed selectively better performance on a battery of neuropsychological tests than they did after placebo infusion. Further exploration with pharmacological probes to mitigate ECT postictal cognitive deficits is warranted.
Pain relief after caesarean section: Comparison of different techniques of morphine administration$$$ We have studied postoperative pain relief after different techniques of morphine administration given in addition to bupivacaine 15 mg during spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section. In group A, morphine was given both intravenously (10 mg) and orally (30 mg slow release MST) at the end of surgery and continued orally at 8-hourly intervals for 24 h. In group B morphine (80 μg) was given intrathecally only, with the bupivacaine. Both quality of analgesia and duration of action were better in group B, while most side-effects were more frequent in group A where a mild self limiting respiratory depression occurred in 38% of patients. Pruritus was, on the other hand, observed in 48% of patients of group B compared to 7% of the patients of group A. This study suggests that adding 80 μg of morphine to the local anaesthetic used in spinal anaesthesia for caesarean section is a simple procedure that gives excellent results in term of reliability, duration of analgesia and safety.
Comparison of the efficacy of epidural morphine given by intermittent injection or continuous infusion for the management of postoperative pain$$$ Background and Objectives. To compare the effectiveness and side effects of epidural morphine sulfate (MSO4), delivered by continual infusion or intermittent bolus. Methods. Thirty patients undergoing upper abdominal surgery were randomized into two equal groups to receive MSO4 through a thoracic epidural catheter by one of two methods. Group 1 patients received an initial bolus of morphine (0.07 mg/kg) at the end of surgery, followed by injections of 2-5 mg morphine into the epidural catheter on demand. Patients in group 2 received an initial bolus of morphine (0.03 mg/kg) during surgical peritoneal closure and were immediately started on an infusion of 0.01% morphine at 5 mL/hour (0.5 mg/hour). The infusion dose was titrated from 0.2 to 1.0 mg/hour, dependent on side effects. Outcome measurements included pulmonary function studies, arterial blood gases, morphine plasma levels, pain relief scores, global evaluations, and side effects. Results. No difference existed between groups in forced vital capacity, forced expiratory volume in 1 second, or in arterial blood gas measurements. Side effects were similar in both groups. Respiratory depression was not seen in either group. Group 2 reported significantly better analgesia than group 1 on postoperative days 1 and 2 (P < .01). Peak plasma morphine levels for group 1 were significantly higher than the steady state plasma morphine levels for group 2 (P < .05). Conclusions. Continuous epidural infusion provides better analgesia without increased side effects for postoperative pain when compared with an intermittent (or demand) bolus technique.
Treatment response of depressed outpatients unresponsive to both a tricyclic and a monoamine oxidase inhibitor antidepressant$$$ Background: Data regarding effective treatment options for the minority of patients refractory to initial antidepressant trials are essential to guide therapeutic choices and to sustain the hope of patients and perseverance of clinicians. Few such data are available concerning the treatment of patients refractory to treatment with both a tricyclic antidepressant and a monoamine oxidase inhibitor given singly. Method: In a study of mood reactive depressed patients, most of whom met Columbia criteria for atypical depression, 20 patients refractory to vigorous 6-week double-blind trials of both imipramine and phenelzine given singly were given clinician's choice open treatment. A chart review of course in open treatment was conducted. Results: Eleven patients (55%) had a full response to subsequent treatments, principally continued phenelzine and the combination of phenelzine with amitriptyline. Another 6 (30%) had at least moderate benefit from a variety of other treatments. Conclusion: These data suggest that even among patients who have failed to respond to two vigorous trials of different antidepressants, at least half appear to benefit from other pharmacologic regimens.
Effects of caffeine pretreatment on measures of seizure impact$$$ Caffeine lengthens electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) seizures but has not been demonstrated to lower seizure threshold, nor to directly improve treatment outcome. We examined the effects of caffeine upon three recently proposed physiologic measures of seizure quality or impact: electroencephalography voltage suppression ratios, seizure regularity, and heart rate. None of these measures differed significantly in depressed inpatients randomly pretreated with either i.v. caffeine or saline on successive treatments during a course of right unilateral ECT. Newly defined measures of seizure impact may help identify ECT seizures of differing clinical efficacy, but these measures did not discriminate our caffeine and placebo conditions.
Depression as a lethal disease: Prevention strategies$$$ In 1971, my colleagues and I published the first prospective double-blind trial of the prophylactic effect of lithium in patients suffering from both unipolar and bipolar illness. In this trial we found that patients who received lithium experienced significantly less morbidity and required significantly less additional antidepressant and antimanic medication, as well as inpatient treatment and electroconvulsive therapy, compared with the patients who received placebo lithium. Subsequent to this trial we established a lithium clinic in which patients, both unipolar and bipolar, were given long-term lithium treatment. The patients attended regularly, usually four to eight times a year, and their clinical state and plasma lithium were regularly monitored and recorded. Patients were given lithium in a sustained-release form, once a day at night. In a careful random, double- blind trial, it was found that the optimum lithium dosage was that which gave a plasma level of 0.5-0.79 mmol/L 12 hours after the nightly dose. In 1982 all patients were switched to this lower dosage, and the recorded morbidity of the group showed a small but significant decline, thus confirming in practice the optimum dosage found in the double-blind trial. I report here the results of the follow-up of a group of 103 patients (67 unipolar, 30 bipolar, and 6 schizoaffective) from January 1977. The patients' mortality and, in particular, suicide rate has been carefully recorded. Compliance with the regimen had been high. At the end of December 1992, there had been 2 suicides in the group-one of the patients had discontinued taking lithium some months before the suicide. This gave a suicide rate of 0.7 suicides per 1000 patient-years on lithium therapy. A small comparison group from Epsom, England, was found to have a suicide rate of 9.1 suicides per 1000 patient- years during the same period. There are two other reports of the effects of long-term lithium treatment. One showed a suicide rate of 1.5 per 1000 patient-years (Nilsson 1992) and the other a rate of 1.3 per 1000 patient- years (Muller-Oerlinghausen et al. 1992). Follow-up studies of patients not given long-term treatment show considerably higher rates from 5.1 to 11.6 suicides per 1000 patient-years. It is clear that recurrent mood disorders are lethal disorders with a poor outcome if not treated long-term. Patients are entitled to know the recurrent course of the illness and, when appropriate, to be offered long-term therapy.
Acute cognitive effects of subconvulsive electrical stimulation$$$ Empirical titration procedures increasingly are being used to estimate initial seizure threshold. These procedures involve the administration of subconvulsive electrical stimulation. There has yet to be evaluation of the impact of such stimulation on the acute cognitive consequences of electroconvulsive therapy. In two studies we randomized depressed patients to right unilateral or bilateral ECT, with stimulus intensity maintained just above seizure threshold throughout the treatment course. These low dosage treatment groups received one or more subconvulsive stimuli in ~40% of treatment sessions, with a grand mal seizure also elicited at each session. Extensive neuropsychological evaluation was conducted at each session. We contrasted treatment sessions in which generalized seizures were preceded by subconvulsive stimulation with treatment sessions in which a single convulsive stimulation was applied. Across a variety of neuropsychological measures, there were no adverse cognitive consequences of subconvulsive stimulation.
The antidepressant efficacy of high-dose nondominant long-distance parietotemporal and bitemporal electroconvulsive therapy$$$ While unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (U-ECT) is generally considered to induce negligible disturbances of memory as compared with bilateral bitemporal ECT, its relative antidepressant efficacy has been questioned. The aim of the present study was to compare, in a double-blind design, clinicians' ratings of global clinical impression of the antidepressant efficacy of the two treatment modalities. The treatment technique included avoidance of benzodiazepines, prolonged hyperventilation with oxygen, intermittent unidirectional pulses distributed in a long pulse train, permitting individualized and relatively high doses of electrical charge at each treatment occasion, and nondominant long-distance (12-13 cm) parietotemporal (d'Elia) electrode placement in the U-ECT group. The results indicated no therapeutic advantage for either treatment modality, which was also in accordance with the symptom ratings by an independent nonblinded rater. The findings encourage the continued use of nondominant long-distance parietotemporal ECT with a treatment technique that induces fully generalized seizures as the modality of choice in the convulsive treatment of depression.
Approaches to the management of depression in old age$$$ Depression in old age is common, underdiagnosed and undertreated. It has a high rate of recurrence and is associated with significantly increased mortality. Its mismanagement stems in large part from the misconceptions that it is an inevitable condition, that old people are too inflexible to change, and that treatment is unacceptably hazardous. There is considerable potential for prevention, improved detection and appropriate treatment. In addition, it is increasingly clear that treatment can improve prognosis. Prevention requires education, and a political agenda to address aetiological factors such as poverty, loneliness, institutionalisation and poor physical health. Treatment with antidepressant drugs and/or psychological techniques is effective. Newer drugs may well be superior in safety and real-life tolerability but require better evaluation in representative samples, against placebo and incorporating cost-benefit and quality-of-life measures. Prophylaxis with antidepressants, electroconvulsive therapy and psychotherapy groups has been shown to be effective. The prophylactic efficacy of newer antidepressants has yet to be properly evaluated.
Suicide in major depression$$$ Objective: The purpose of this study was to examine a sample representing all suicide victims with current DSM-III-R major depression in Finland within 1 year in aspects relevant to suicide prevention, including comorbidity, clinical history, current treatment, suicide methods, and communication of suicide intent. Method: Using the psychological autopsy method, the authors examined all 71 suicide victims with current unipolar DSM-III-R major depression, taken from a random sample of 229 subjects representing 16.4% of all suicide victims in Finland in 1 year. Results: The majority (85%) were complicated cases with comorbid diagnoses, and comorbidity varied according to the subjects' sex and age. Three-quarters had a history of psychiatric treatment, but only 45% were receiving psychiatric treatment at the time of death. Most suicide victims had received no treatment for depression. Only 3% had received antidepressants in adequate doses, 7% weekly psychotherapy, and 3% ECT. None of the 24 psychotic subjects had received adequate psychopharmacological treatment. Few (8%) had used an antidepressant overdose as a suicide method. Men had received less treatment for depression and had more commonly used violent suicide methods. Conclusions: Although about half of the suicide victims with major depression were receiving psychiatric care at the time of death, few were receiving adequate treatment for depression. There were significant sex differences in current and previous treatment and suicide methods. For suicide prevention in major depression, it would seem crucial to improve treatment and follow-up, for males with major depression, in particular.
A comparison of propofol and methohexital as anesthetic agents for ECT: Effects on seizure duration, therapeutic outcome, and memory$$$ The effects of the anesthetic agents propofol and methohexital on seizure duration, clinical outcome, recovery, and memory in electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were studied in a double-blind trial. The study comprised 53 patients, 47 patients with major depression and six patients with other diagnoses according to DSM-III. Several recent clinical studies with a crossover design have shown a reduced seizure duration for anesthesia with propofol in comparison with both methohexital and thiopental. Propofol significantly reduced the seizure duration in this study without reducing the therapeutic outcome as measured by the Montgomery-Asberg Depression Rating Scale. Propofol did not significantly alter the length of the course of ECT; however, a slightly prolonged course for women cannot be completely ruled out. There were no significant differences between the two agents in effects on recovery times after anesthesia and on anterograde memory. In general, it seems that propofol is as effective as methohexital as an induction agent for ECT.
Propofol anaesthesia in electroconvulsive therapy. Reduced seizure duration may not be relevant$$$ Background. The induction agent propofol is known to reduce electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) seizure duration. It is assumed that outcome from depression is adversely affected by this agent. This study compares propofol and methohexitone as induction agents for ECT. Method. In a prospective, randomised, double-blind study 20 subjects with major depressive disorder (DSM-III-R criteria) received propofol or methohexitone anaesthesia. The Hamilton Depression Rating Scale and Beck Depression Inventory were used to assess depression before therapy, at every third treatment, and at the end of therapy. Seizure duration was measured using the cuff technique. Results. Mean seizure durations (P < 0.01) and mean total seizure duration (P < 0.01) were shorter in the propofol group. There was no difference in outcome. Conclusions. Use of propofol may not adversely affect outcome from depression and it is not necessarily contraindicated as an induction agent for ECT. Our results should be interpreted cautiously, and larger studies are needed.
Biological criteria of recovery$$$ Many biological studies of mood disorders attempted to identify markers linked with neurobiological effects of antidepressant treatments. One has to acknowledge that presently there are no useful markers of depression, as for instance markers of cancer. However, abnormalities have been noted in clinically heterogeneous subgroups of patients. Compared to the great number of investigations dealing with biological criteria in the diagnosis of depression, only a few studies addressed the issue of the course of biological parameters prior to, during and after treatments. But it these abnormalities are closely related to the depressive condition, it is important to establish whether they disappear when patients recover. Only longitudinal studies can answer these questions. Moreover, the few available studies concern the therapeutic response, rarely recovery. To declare that a patient recovered from depression means he recovered from the depressive episode, not from the illness itself. The sometimes discordant results reported by different groups on the course of biological parameters measured during depression may be partly due to differences in the exact time when one decides a patient recovered: early recovery when investigations take place between 3 weeks and 4 months after the beginning of the episode - a period of frequent relapse - and when persisting biological abnormalities will unmask the vulnerability of apparent clinical recovery. In some studies, only the investigations performed after 4 months of evolution demonstrated a normalization of initially disturbed biological indices, concomitantly with a genuine recovery, protecting against relapse. Thus, the biological normalization may be pronostically interesting, revealing that a period of remission has consolidated or not. Moreover, some biological abnormalities are said to be constitutional. They persist and cannot lead to any information about recovery and future evolution. Most frequently, a positive response to antidepressants is paralleled by a normalization of 1) biological measurements of monoamines and of their catabolites, as well as of enzymatic catabolizing activities, 2) the density of receptors and binding sites, 3) neuroendocrine responses to specific agents eliciting positive or negative responses, 4) cognitive dysfunction, 6) desynchronization of biological rhythms. Restoration of normal polysomnographic recordings with recovery remains debatable. The normalization of the parameters mentioned above is usually delayed after clinical recovery. It has been reported with antidepressant drugs, ECT, less frequently with psychotherapy. Indeed, a definite answer to the issue of psychobiological criteria of recovery can only derive from studies using a placebo, allowing to compare the courses of biological measurements of placebo responders and placebo no responders. Recent advancement of new investigations, particularly in the field of molecular biology, brain imaging and chronobiology, may reveal genuine psychobiological criteria of recovery when abnormalities have been observed.
ECT and TRH: Cholinergic involvement in a cognitive deficit state$$$ In this paper we describe the findings from two preliminary experiments, a human and an animal study, investigating whether thyrotropin-releasing hormone (TRH) can mitigate electroconvulsive therapy (ECT)-induced cognitive deficits. Our results suggest further explorations of TRH and its analogs as possible therapeutic agents for these deficits. We speculate that the major cause of the ECT-induced cognitive deficits is a decrease in cholinergic transmission in the central nervous system. Treatments such as TRH, which enhance cholinergic activity, can reverse the cognitive deficits.
Treatment of depression in bipolar disorder: New directions for research$$$ The objective of the study was to review the clinical literature on the acute, somatic treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder. We reviewed all available published studies of 'standard' somatic treatments (lithium, antidepressant and anticonvulsant agents, and electroconvulsive therapy [ECT]) reporting three or more depressed bipolar patients who were not psychotic, rapid cycling, or previously treatment refractory. We also reviewed all studies of 'nonstandard' pharmacologic treatments involving even a single case of a depressed bipolar patient. Data sources included the MEDLINE database and relevant references from articles obtained in this search and in major reviews. Five of seven studies comparing ECT with antidepressant agents find ECT more efficacious. Eight of nine controlled comparisons find lithium superior to placebo in depressed bipolar patients. Three controlled comparisons of lithium to tricyclic antidepressants suggest that lithium is equivalent to tricyclic drugs in such patients. Three double- blind, controlled studies indicate that carbamazepine is more effective than placebo. Limited data on other antidepressant classes suggest that monoamine oxidase inhibitors, bupropion, and serotonergic agents may offer some advantages over tricyclic antidepressants in this population. Some 'nonstandard' treatments also show some potential in bipolar patients. The possibility of switching into a manic episode is an important consideration with many of the agents studied, although little remains known about spontaneous versus treatment-associated mood shifts. In contrast to the extensive literature on the acute treatment of the manic phase of bipolar disorder and on the prophylaxis of manic and depressive episodes, there are few studies of treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder, and their results generally are limited or inconclusive. Lithium generated a revolution in psychiatric treatment, but the treatment of the depressed phase of bipolar disorder remains a relatively neglected corner of the field. Several study designs may help to augment knowledge in the treatment of bipolar depression.
Prolactin and thyrotropin responses to ECT after pindolol administration. A placebo controlled study$$$ The effect of pindolol, a β-receptor blocker with potent 5-HT1 receptor antagonistic properties, on the prolactin (PRL) and thyrotropin (TSH) responses to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was systematically studied in 12 female depressed patients. In a balanced order, crossover design, the patients were given placebo or pindolol 5 mg orally, 1 h prior to bilateral ECT. The last five patients were additionally tested with 10 mg pindolol during the third ECT. Plasma levels of PRL and TSH increased in all three trials, but no consistent effect of pindolol on these hormonal responses could be demonstrated. Pindolol tended to attenuate seizure duration, especially at the 10 mg dose. The participation of 5-HT1 receptor activity in the secretion of PRL and TSH during ECT remains uncertain.
Report on efficacy of treatments for bipolar disorder$$$ Nearly one percent of adults in the United States suffer from bipolar disorder, a severe, chronic, and life-threatening disease. This disorder involves periodic episodes of mania and depression. At least 80 percent of patients who have an initial episode of mania will have one or more subsequent episodes. Because recurring episodes have a cumulative deteriorative effect on functioning and treatment response, the sooner bipolar patients are diagnosed and treated, the better their chances are for recovery. With optimal treatment, a bipolar patient can regain approximately 7 years of life, 10 years of effective major activity, and 9 years of normal health, which otherwise would have been lost due to the illness. For treatment purposes, bipolar disorder is divided into three stages: acute mania, acute depression, and maintenance. Lithium is the standard treatment for acute mania, and its effectiveness is solidly supported by experimental evidence. Rigorous studies over the past 40 years involving hundreds of patients have repeatedly shown the efficacy of lithium therapy, with approximately 80 percent of subjects responding favorably. For those who do not, several other drugs and nonpharmacologic therapies are available that have shown high success rates in well-standardized trials. The anticonvulsant drug carbamazepine has been associated with improved symptoms in approximately 60 percent to 70 percent of subjects in double-blind trials comparing it against placebo, neuroleptics, and/or lithium. Valproate, another anticonvulsant, has been shown to be comparable to lithium and superior to placebo in treating acute mania in several double-blind, placebo- controlled trials. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is another effective treatment for acute mania, with a positive response rate of approximately 80 percent. Acute bipolar depression has been successfully treated with a number of agents, including monoamine oxidase inhibitors (e.g., tranylcypromine), lithium, tricyclic antidepressants, and second-generation antidepressants (e.g., bupropion). Nonpharmacologic approaches such as ECT, sleep deprivation, and light therapy have been effective as supplemental therapy in many patients. For maintenance therapy, lithium is again the drug of choice. Clinical research has shown that maintenance lithium lessens the frequency and severity of episodes of mania and depression in bipolar patients and helps stabilize mood between episodes. Long-term lithium treatment also reduces the risk of mortality for bipolar patients: without treatment, mortality is two to three times higher than that of the general population; with treatment, it is not significantly different. Several other drugs have been studied as alternatives or adjuncts to lithium therapy. Data from double-blind trials suggest that carbamazepine is similar to lithium and significantly superior to placebo in the maintenance treatment of bipolar disorder, and several open trials have reported moderate to good results with the combination of valproate and lithium or valproate alone. The tricyclic antidepressant imipramine has been found to be less effective than lithium in preventing manic episodes but equally as effective in preventing depressive episodes. Bupropion and verapamil have also shown success in preliminary trials. Psychotherapy has only recently begun to be studied in the treatment of bipolar disorder, but there have been several random-assignment, controlled trials. Failure to comply with medication regimens is a problem for many bipolar patients receiving psychopharmacologic treatment. Individual, group, and family therapy, as adjuncts to pharmacotherapy, have been reported to increase medication compliance and reduce the frequency and length of hospitalization in patients with bipolar disorder.
Efficacy of treatment for geropsychiatric patients with severe mental illness$$$ This review provides a comprehensive overview of currently available treatments for psychogeriatric disorders, summarizing the efficacy of various treatment approaches based on research evidence. The severe mental illnesses in geriatric age-groups can be classified into the following groups: delirium, dementia, depression, mania, psychotic disorders, and anxiety disorders. There are specific disorders requiring specific treatments within each group. Effective treatments exist for most disorders. Effective treatment for delirium consists of identifying and treating an underlying cause, and the judicious use of medications for specific symptoms. Treatment for the dementias involves two considerations: (1) treatment of the cognitive symptoms; and (2) treatment of the behavioral symptoms. There are no currently FDA-approved, or generally acknowledged as effective, medications for the cognitive symptoms. Some medications marketed for other purposes may be used by some clinicians for treating cognitive symptoms. One medication, tacrine, is available under a treatment IND for patients with Alzheimer's disease (AD). Behavioral symptoms such as agitation, hallucinations, and delusions occur in a majority of patients some time during their illness. The treatment of behavioral symptoms involves behavioral management, environmental manipulations, and the use of medication for control of specific syndromes. The few medications assessed in randomized trials include neuroleptics and benzodiazepines. Neuroleptics such as haloperidol or thioridazine are modestly effective for some symptoms and are probably the treatments of choice for the acute, short-term. Benzodiazepines may be somewhat less effective, have cognitive-impairing side effects, are associated with increased falls, and, therefore, are less preferred. Many other medications have been suggested based largely on clinical experience. They include carbamazepine, trazodone, buspirone, and others. Treatment for depression involves consideration of acute and maintenance treatment, and of the type and severity of illness. For an acute depressive disorder of great severity, or with melancholia or psychosis either electroconvulsive therapy or the combination of antidepressant and neuroleptics may be required. Treatment requires adequate prescribing, patient education, and regular patient monitoring for compliance, symptom change, side effects, and intercurrent medical disorders which may complicate antidepressant therapy. Both antidepressant medications and brief structured psychotherapies, such as interpersonal or cognitive psychotherapies, have efficacy in the acute treatment of elderly depressed outpatients with major unipolar, nondelusional depression. Maintenance treatments are important, however, to prevent relapses or repeated episodes. Treatment recommendations are discussed. The mainstay of treatment for psychotic disorders such as late-onset schizophrenia and late-onset delusional disorder are neuroleptics. Clinical course is variable; maintenance treatments are required. Neuroleptic side effects occur with greater frequency than in younger patients. Treatment for anxiety disorders is necessary when symptoms adversely impact on social and daily function. Treatments involve benzodiazepines and tricyclic antidepressants for generalized anxiety and phobia; antidepressants for panic; and fluoxetine and behavioral therapy for obsessive-compulsive disorder. Research-based guidelines for treatment of psychogeriatric disorders are substantially more clearly defined today than they were even a decade ago. More needs to be learned about treatment of some patients with greatest need, in particular, medically fragile or very old patients, and those in nursing homes and residential care facilities. Recommendations for further clinically-based treatment research are made; and, with respect to depression in the elderly, several specific research recommendations made by an NIH Consensus Development Panel are listed.
The DST as a predictor of outcome in depression: A meta-analysis$$$ Objective: The authors undertook a review of the literature on the dexamethasone suppression test (DST) as a predictor of course and outcome in major depression, to illustrate clinical and pathophysiological implications of studying the relation between biological measures and course of illness in psychiatry. Method: In computerized searches and cross-references, 144 articles were found that related DST results to prediction of treatment response or outcome. Meta-analysis was performed on pooled data from all of the studies and separately on data from selected studies that had used stricter methodology. Results: 1) Baseline DST status did not predict response to antidepressant treatment or outcome after hospital discharge. 2) Non-suppression of cortisol on the baseline DST predicted poorer response to placebo. 3) Persistent nonsuppression of cortisol on the DST after treatment was associated with high risk of early relapse and poor outcome after discharge. Conclusions: Baseline DST results may be devoid of prognostic value, but posttreatment nonsuppression of cortisol on the DST is strongly associated with poor outcome. Persistent nonsuppression may reflect a partially treated index episode or identify sicker patients who are unresponsive to treatment. The findings reiterate the importance of studying biological measures in relation to multiple validators of psychiatric illness beyond cross-sectional diagnosis.
Opioid antagonist adjuncts to epidural morphine for postcesarean analgesia: Maternal outcomes$$$ This prospective, randomized, controlled investigation compared the effects of three prophylactic μ-opioid antagonists, epidural butorphanol (BU) 3 mg, epidural nalbuphine (NB) 10 mg, and oral naltrexone (NX) 6 mg, on postcesarean epidural morphine analgesia. After randomization, 102 term parturients underwent cesarean delivery with epidural anesthesia, 2% lidocaine and epinephrine 1:200,000. When the umbilical cord was clamped, each patient received one epidural solution (containing morphine 4 mg plus either saline or treatment drug), and one oral capsule (containing either placebo or treatment drug) in a double-blind manner. Maternal outcomes included pain and satisfaction [assessed with 100-mm visual analog scales (VAS)], and the incidence and severity of respiratory depression, somnolence, pruritus, nausea, and emesis. Through the first 12 h postpartum, the BU group achieved significantly greater analgesia than the morphine sulfate (control) (MS), NB, and NX groups, a significantly lower incidence of severe pruritus than the MS group, and significantly greater satisfaction than MS and NX groups. Epidural morphine and BU promoted better analgesia and satisfaction than any previously documented postcesarean regimen.
Suicide, depression and antidepressants$$$ It is paradoxical that antidepressants which are prescribed for the treatment of depression can be responsible for suicide, which is usually attempted by depressed patients. While ever since antidepressants were introduced, a tendency to suicide at an early stage of treatment has been observed, usually due to suppression of inhibition, extended studies show that the risk persists even in the long term. It is even slightly higher when antidepressants are used, as compared with placebo, when double blind tests are conducted. Nevertheless, 'naturalistic' studies show that the incidence of suicide or attempted suicide is higher in untreated patients, vs. those who have been treated with antidepressants or by ECT.
A quantitative analysis of clinical drug trials for the treatment of affective disorders$$$ This article presents a metaanalysis of approximately 300 studies of drug treatment for affective disorders. Efficacy is proven beyond a shadow of a doubt in this overview from random-assignment, double-blind studies. The efficacy of maintenance antidepressants is supported by a large body of evidence. The size effect of drug versus placebo difference used to prevent recurrence of unipolar or bipolar affective disease is comparable to the size effect of drug versus placebo difference for the treatment of an acute episode.
Dose-response pharmacology of intrathecal morphine in human volunteers$$$ Background: Intrathecal morphine sulfate (ITMS) administration was introduced into clinical practice in 1979. Inadequate information exists delineating ITMS respiratory effects in the dosage range most frequently employed today. This study evaluated 0.2, 0.4, and 0.6 mg ITMS in male volunteers. Methods: Twenty healthy, young, adult male volunteers received 0.0, 0.2, 0.4, or 0.6 mg preservative-free ITMS in an isobaric solution administered at the L3-L4 interspace in a double-blind randomized fashion. Respiratory function was assessed by finger pulse oximetry (Sp(O2)), respiratory rate, and arterial blood gas analysis via an indwelling arterial catheter and the slope of the ventilatory response to carbon dioxide (V(E)/CO2). Analgesia was assessed by the effect of ITMS on moderate pain produced by pressure algometry at the tibia. The need for supplemental oxygen, 2 L/min via nasal cannulae, was determined by the failure of verbal and tactile prompts to maintain subjects' Sp(O2) ≥ 85% on more than two occasions. Heart rate, arterial blood pressure, sedation level, pupil size, and the incidence of adverse effects also were documented. All the above measurements were made before and 30 min after ITMS, hourly for 11 h, and then every 2 h for 12 more h. Results: ITMS produced significant dose- related decreases in Sp(O2). Mild desaturations (Sp(O2) ≥ 85 and < 90%) occurred in 2 of 5, 3 of 5, and 4 of 5 subjects receiving 0.2, 0.4, and 0.6 mg ITMS, respectively. Moderate to severe desaturations (Sp(O2) < 85%) occurred in 0 of 5, 2 of 5, and 4 of 5 subjects receiving 0.2, 0.4, and 0.6 mg ITMS, respectively. The need for supplemental oxygen also was significantly related to ITMS dose, with 0 of 5, 1 of 5, and 4 of 5 subjects requiring oxygen after 0.2, 0.4, and 0.6 mg ITMS, respectively. Nasal oxygen administration consistently alleviated hypoxemia. Increases in arterial carbon dioxide tension (Pa(CO2)) and decreases in pH were significantly related to ITMS dose. Peak mean Pa(CO2)s were 42.4, 44.9, and 50.7 mmHg in the 0.2-, 0.4-, and 0.6-mg groups, respectively. These peaks occurred 6.5- 7.5 h after ITMS injection. ITMS produced significant dose-related depression of V(E)/CO2. Maximum mean depressions of V(E)/CO2 were to 61%, 63%, and 32% of baseline in the 0.2-, 0.4-, and 0.6-mg groups, respectively. These nadirs occurred 3.5-7.5 h after ITMS injection. Some subjects receiving 0.6 mg ITMS experienced profound (<20% of baseline) and prolonged (<50% of baseline for up to 20 h) V(E)/CO2 depression. Magnitude and duration of analgesia after ITMS were dose-related. Changes in heart rate, systolic blood pressure, and respiratory rate were not significantly related to ITMS dose. Hypoxemia was not related to respiratory rate. Although ITMS produced statistically significant dose-related increases in sedation and decreases in pupil size, these changes were small and did not coincide with hypoxemia. ITMS caused dose-related increases in emesis, but the severity of pruritus and urinary retention was unrelated to dose. Conclusion: ITMS produced dose-related analgesia and respiratory depression in nonsurgical healthy, young, adult male volunteers. Respiratory depression was significant after 0.2 or 0.4 mg and profound and prolonged after 0.6 mg. No clinical signs or symptoms, including respiratory rate, reliably indicated hypoxemia. Pulse oximetry reliably detected hypoxemia after ITMS, and supplemental nasal oxygen (2 L/min) effectively corrected this hypoxemia.
Therapeutic advantage of bifrontal electrode placement in ECT$$$ Fifty-nine patients suffering from a major depressive episode, for whom electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was clinically indicated, were randomly assigned to one of three electrode placement groups for treatment with brief pulse, threshold-level ECT: bitemporal (BT), right unilateral (RU) or bifrontal (BF). Comparison of these groups in terms of number of treatments, duration of treatment, or incidence of treatment failure, showed that the bilateral placements were superior to the unilateral; comparison of Hamilton, Montgomery-Asberg, and visual analogue scale scores showed that the bifrontal placement was superior to both bitemporal and unilateral treatment. Bitemporal treatment showed therapeutic results intermediate between BF and RU. Because BF ECT causes fewer cognitive side effects than either RU or BT, and is independently more effective, it should be considered as the first choice of electrode position in ECT.
Prolactin response to fenfluramine and placebo challenge following maintenance pharmacotherapy withdrawal in remitted depressed patients$$$ Plasma prolactin (PRL) response to fenfluramine (FF) (60 mg orally) and placebo challenge was examined in eight remitted depressed patients who were withdrawn for 14 days from maintenance pharmacotherapy with clomipramine (CMI) plus lithium carbonate (Li) (n = 6) or Li alone (n = 2), 6 months after recovering from their major depressive episode. The patients had undergone identical FF challenge tests while drug free prior to commencing treatment with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) (n = 4) or CMI supplemented with Li (n = 4) and after completing the above treatments. PRL response to FF in the remitted, drug-free state was significantly enhanced compared to the response prior to treatment (while depressed and drug-free) and not significantly different from the response following treatment with ECT (n = 4) or CMI plus Li (n = 4) 6 months before. Other work of a similar nature supports the view that enhanced serotonergically mediated hormone release in drug-withdrawn, remitted depressives, represents a long-standing change in central serotonergic responsiveness and not a continued effect of antidepressant treatment or a manifestation of medication withdrawal.
Placebo-blinded study of morphine sulfate sustained-release tablets and immediate-release morphine sulfate solution in outpatients with chronic pain due to advanced cancer$$$ Purpose: This study was conducted to compare the relative analgesic efficacy and safety of an every-4-hour immediate-release oral morphine (IRM) solution with that of an every-12-hour sustained-release oral morphine (SRM) formulation. Patients and Methods: This was a double-blind, placebo-blinded, crossover study in 34 adult male and female outpatients with pain due to advanced cancer. Baseline data were collected on day 1. On days 2 and 3, randomly assigned patients received either placebo plus IRM (Roxanol; Roxane Laboratories, Inc, Columbus, OH; 20 mg/mL) at 2, 6, and 10 am, and 2, 6, and 10 pm, or alternatively SRM (Oramorph SR; Roxane Laboratories, Inc; 30 mg) at 10 AM and 10 PM. Patients were then crossed over to the alternate treatment for days 4 through 6. Pain relief was measured using a conventional 100-mm visual analog scale (VAS) and by recording the incidence of breakthrough pain. Information on side effects was obtained from VAS scores for sedation, nausea, anxiety, and depression; by directly questioning the patient as to mental confusion, bowel movements, and laxative use; and from Karnofsky performance status scores. VAS data were analyzed using a linear statistical model. Breakthrough pain data were analyzed using analysis of variance (ANOVA). Results: There were no statistically significant differences between IRM and SRM treatments with respect to VAS pain scores, side effect scores, or incidence of breakthrough pain data. Karnofsky performance scores remained stable for all patients throughout the study. Conclusion: It was concluded that every-12-hour administration of SRM and every-4-hour administration of IRM provide similar analgesic effectiveness and side effect profiles in the treatment of chronic pain in cancer patients.
Antidepressant drugs and the emergence of suicidal tendencies$$$ Although antidepressant medications represent the cornerstone of treatment for patients with moderate to severe clinical depression, they also carry serious risks. There is evidence which suggests that antidepressants can, in rare instances, induce or exacerbate suicidal tendencies. Nine clinical mechanisms have been proposed through which this may occur. These are: (a) energising depressed patients to act on pre-existing suicidal ideation; (b) paradoxically worsening depression; (c) inducing akathisia with associated self-destructive or aggressive impulses; (d) inducing panic attacks; (e) switching patients into manic or mixed states; (f) producing severe insomnia or interfering with sleep architecture; (g) inducing an organic obsessional state; (h) producing an organic personality disorder with borderline features; and (i) exacerbating or inducing electroencephalogram (EEG) or other neurological disturbances. Epidemiological and controlled studies also provide data on the association between antidepressant drugs and suicidal ideation, attempts and fatalities. These include studies which: (a) suggest that electroconvulsive therapy may be more effective than antidepressant drugs in reducing the frequency of suicide attempts; (b) indicate that antidepressants may differ in their capacity to reduce the frequency of suicide attempts; (c) find that more overdose attempts were made by patients receiving maprotiline than placebo; and (d) suggest that fluoxetine may be associated with a greater risk of inducing de novo suicidal ideation. Evidence suggests that antidepressants may vary by at least 15-fold in the number of fatal overdoses per million prescriptions. Estimated overdose proclivity rates were derived after adjusting the fatal toxicity data by the therapeutic index of the drug. These rates were very consistent between agents with the same pharmacological properties, and correlated well with known overdose risk rates for amitriptyline, mianserin and maprotiline. Estimated overdose proclivity rates suggest that the highly selective noradrenaline (norepinephrine) uptake inhibitors (desipramine, nortriptyline, maprotiline) may be associated with a greater risk for overdose than more mixed uptake inhibitors and monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs). Antidepressants are not uniformly neutral in regard to suicidal ideation and attempts. Data clearly demonstrate that antidepressants ameliorate suicidal ideation more effectively than placebo in patients with depression. Although antidepressants diminish suicidal ideation in many recipients, about as many patients experience worsening suicidal ideation on active medication as they do on placebo. Furthermore, at least as many patients attempted suicide on fluoxetine and tricyclic antidepressants as on placebo, and more patients attempted to overdose on maprotiline than placebo. These observations suggest that antidepressants may redistribute suicide risk, attenuating risk in some patients who respond well, while possibly enhancing risk in others who respond more poorly. Sophisticated studies will need to be conducted to meaningfully explore this possibility.
Twice versus thrice weekly ECT in melancholia: A double-blind prospective comparison$$$ Thirty patients with major depressive disorder of melancholic subtype were randomly allocated to receive ECT either twice or thrice a week. Double-blind ratings on the Hamilton Scale for Depression and Clinical Global impression showed no differences in the outcome through 4 weeks of trial as well as at 6-month follow-up. Cumulative seizure duration was higher in the thrice weekly group but not significantly so in spite of having received a significantly greater number of ECTs. The results indicate that ECT given thrice a week conferred no advantage over ECT given twice a week.
Effects of stimulus intensity and electrode placement on the efficacy and cognitive effects of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Background. The efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy in major depression is established, but the importance of the electrical dosage and electrode placement in relation to efficacy and side effects is uncertain. Methods. In a double-blind study, we randomly assigned 96 depressed patients to receive right unilateral or bilateral electroconvulsive therapy at either a low electrical dose (just above the seizure threshold) or a high dose (2.5 times the threshold). Symptoms of depression and cognitive functioning were assessed before, during, immediately after, and two months after therapy. Patients who responded to treatment were followed for one year to assess the rate of relapse. Results. The response rate for low-dose unilateral electroconvulsive therapy was 17 percent, as compared with 43 percent for high-dose unilateral therapy (P = 0.054), 65 percent for low-dose bilateral therapy (P = 0.001), and 63 percent for high-dose bilateral therapy (P = 0.001). Regardless of electrode placement, high dosage resulted in more rapid improvement (P<0.05). Compared with the low-dose unilateral group, the high- dose unilateral group took 83 percent longer (P<0.001) to recover orientation after seizure induction, whereas the combined bilateral groups took 252 percent longer (P<0.001). During the week after treatment, there was three times more retrograde amnesia about personal information with bilateral therapy (P<0.001). There were no differences between treatment groups in cognitive effects two months after treatment. Forty-one of the 70 patients who responded to therapy (59 percent) relapsed, and there were no differences between treatment groups. Conclusions. Increasing the electrical dosage increases the efficacy of right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy, although not to the level of bilateral therapy. High electrical dosage is associated with a more rapid response, and unilateral treatment is associated with less severe cognitive side effects after treatment.
Treatment resistance in unipolar depression and other disorders: Diagnostic concerns and treatment possibilities$$$ The disorders discussed in this article share common problems with treatment-resistant depression both in research and clinical treatment. Lack of clear treatment-resistant definitions leads to difficulties in comparing the results of research studies. The absence of double-blind, placebo- controlled studies that match alternative treatments against each other creates confusion for the clinician who has to decide on a treatment paradigm. The future will, no doubt, see an increase in interest in treatment-resistant research and the answer to some of these questions. Although this review emphasizes the work that remains to be done before treatment resistance becomes a curiosity of the past, it also highlights the wealth of treatment options available to clinicians and their patients. As long as treatment-resistant patients are amendable to trying new therapies, hope that their depressions will lift remains.
Weekly ECT in geriatric depression$$$ Fifteen elderly depressed psychiatric inpatients were randomly assigned to receive either standard three-times-weekly electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or once-weekly ECT. Outcome measures included cognitive assessment and antidepressant response. Although both groups improved with treatment, the three-times-weekly group improved substantially more quickly. There was no difference in cognitive effect between the two groups. We conclude that the traditional three-times-weekly schedule of ECT may optimally balance speed of antidepressant response and cognitive impairment.
Somatic therapy for major depressive disorder: Selection of an antidepressant$$$ Major depressive disorder is a major health concern. It adversely affects the patient, the family, and society. While the consequences can be devastating and life-threatening, this condition has an excellent prognosis when properly identified and treated. Somatic therapy plays a pivotal role in inducing and maintaining a remission and preventing recurrent attacks. There are now five major classes of antidepressants which differ in terms of their clinical spectra of antidepressant activity, their safety and tolerability, their likelihood of pharmacodynamic and pharmacokinetic interactions with concomitantly prescribed drugs, ease of administration, and physician confidence, which is in large measure a reflection of the extent and quality of their human exposure database. The proper selection and management of antidepressant pharmacotherapy is based on an understanding of these differences.
Long-term treatments of recurrent depressive disorders$$$ Many, if not most, depressive disorders become recurrent conditions. It is now clear that virtually all recently remitted patients should receive 4 to 6 months of continuation therapy. Moreover, this phase of treatment should continue until the patient has achieved a clear-cut, durable period of recovery. Further, an extended course of maintenance pharmacotherapy is recommended for those patients at risk for subsequent recurrent episodes. In this paper, the rationale for long-term treatment is presented and common strategies are reviewed. Depressive disorders appear to become more autonomous, severe, and potentially refractory with each new episode. Thus, prevention of recurrent depression remains the best available strategy to ensure an optimal long-term outcome for patients with recurrent affective disorders.
A controlled study of sustained-release morphine sulfate tablets in chronic pain from advanced cancer$$$ The purpose of this double-blind crossover study was to determine whether a sustained-release morphine sulfate (SRMS) tablet given orally every 12 hours could adequately replace immediate-release morphine sulfate solution (IRMS) given orally every 4 hours in hospitalized patients with chronic pain from advanced cancer. Of 33 patients entered, 27 completed the study and were included in the efficacy and safety analysis. Patients were initially randomized to receive either 30-mg SRMS tablets every 12 hours or IRMS at the same mg/24 hours dose, every 4 hours. After 2 days, a crossover was performed, and patients received the alternate treatment for 3 days. Pain and side effects were assessed using a standard 100 mm visual analogue scale (VAS). There were no statistically significant differences between the two treatment groups for mean VAS pain scores or scores for sleepiness, nausea, depression, and anxiety. The incidence of breakthrough pain was similar for both treatment groups, as was the incidence of confusion and constipation. The results demonstrated that SRMS is a safe, effective analgesic preparation for patients who require oral opioids for cancer pain. The data also support the conclusion that sustained-release morphine tablets administered every 12 hours can replace an immediate-release morphine solution administered every 4 hours.
Acute effects of electroconvulsive therapy on hemispatial neglect$$$ Seventy-one depressed patients were randomly assigned to right unilateral or bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) at either threshold (low) or suprathreshold (high) electrical stimulus intensity. At each treatment session, three visual cancellation tasks were administered during the postictal period following the return of orientation. Electrode placement and stimulus intensity interacted in determining the laterality of omission errors. Across the three tasks, the high-intensity right unilateral condition produced greater neglect of the left side of cancellation forms, while low- dosage right unilateral ECT resulted in an inconsistent pattern of asymmetry. In contrast, at higher stimulus intensity, bilateral ECT was associated with a relatively higher rate of omission errors on the right side of the forms. These findings suggest that increasing the stimulus intensity of unilateral ECT may result in greater impact on right hemisphere functions, without producing a more bilaterally generalized seizure.
Psychotic (delusional) major depression: Should it be included as a distinct syndrome in DSM-IV?$$$ To review data supporting or not supporting the designation of unipolar psychotic major depression as a distinct syndrome in DSM-IV, the authors used computerized literature searches to identify reports of studies that have directly compared the characteristics, biology, familial transmission, course/outcome, and response to treatment of psychotic and nonpsychotic major depression. The review showed that statistically significant differences between the two types of depression have been found on each of these dimensions. There are greater guilt feelings and psychomotor disturbance, among other features, in psychotic depression. Studies have found significant differences between patients with psychotic and nonpsychotic depression in glucocorticoid activity, dopamine β-hydroxylase activity, levels of dopamine and serotonin metabolites, sleep measures, and ventricle-to-brain ratios. Family studies show higher rates of bipolar disorder in first-degree relatives of probands with psychotic major depression than of probands with nonpsychotic major depression. Greater morbidity and residual impairment have also been reported in patients with psychotic major depression, and they respond more poorly to placebo and to tricyclic antidepressants. Differences between patients with psychotic and nonpsychotic major depression on many of these measures were not due to differences in severity or endogenicity. Since the data indicate that psychotic and nonpsychotic major depression can be separated, the frequency with which the diagnosis of psychotic major depression is missed and its unique course and response to treatment point to the practical importance of a separate diagnosis for this disorder. However, further studies are needed to resolve important methodological issues and to develop an optimal set of operational criteria.
Pharmacotherapy of obsessive compulsive disorder$$$ The authors briefly review studies of the efficacy of potent serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SRIs) (e.g., clomipramine, fluvoxamine) in obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD) and compare the use of antidepressants in the treatment of depression and OCD. They propose an algorithm for those patients with OCD who fail to respond to an adequate trial with a potent SRI and discuss the promise and limitations of adding tryptophan, fenfluramine, lithium, buspirone, or a neuroleptic to ongoing SRI therapy. Other biological approaches (e.g., ECT, psychosurgery) are considered in terms of their narrowly defined roles in the treatment of patients with SRI-resistant OCD.
Postoperative myocardial ischemia: Therapeutic trials using intensive analgesia following surgery$$$ Recent data suggest that postbypass and postoperative myocardial ischemia are related to adverse cardiac outcome following myocardial revascularization. Therapeutic trials to suppress postoperative ischemia are warranted. Because anesthetics can suppress a variety of physiologic responses to stress as well as myocardial ischemia intraoperatively, we examined whether use of intensive analgesia in the stressful postoperative period could decrease postoperative ischemia. In 106 patients undergoing elective myocardial revascularization, we standardized the anesthetic prior to bypass (sufentanil 5-10 μg/kg [induction] and 4.2-6.0 μg · kg-1 · h-1 [infusion] supplemented with up to 0.5 mg/kg of diazepam). During bypass, patients were randomly assigned to receive either morphine sulfate (group M, n = 54, up to 2 mg/kg) or sufentanil (group S, n = 52, 1 μg/kg and 1 μg · kg-1 · h-1). In the intensive care unit (ICU), group M received low-dose analgesia (morphine sulfate 1-10 mg intravenously every 30 min, average dose = 2.2 ± 2.1 mg/h), while group S continued to receive intensive analgesia (infusion of sufentanil at 1 μg · kg-1 · h-1). Both groups received supplemental midazolam in the ICU (group M = 1.1 ± 1.1 mg/h; group S = 0.6 ± 0.6 mg/h; P = 0.01). All analgesic and sedative-hypnotic medications were discontinued at 18 hours following myocardial revascularization. Using continuous two-channel electrocardiographic (ECG) monitoring (CC5 and CM5), we documented and characterized ECG changes consistent with ischemia during the preoperative, intraoperative (pre- and postbypass), and postoperative (on- and off-treatment) periods. The total ECG monitoring time was 8,486 h, averaging 81 h per patient. During the prebypass (anesthetic control) period, groups M and S had a similar incidence, but group S episodes were more severe: maximum ST-segment change (median), S versus M: -1.8 mm versus -1.4 mm (P = 0.04). During the postbypass period, both groups had a similar incidence of ischemia, but episodes in group S were less severe: maximum ST-segment change, S versus M: -1.8 mm versus -2.7 mm (P = 0.0005). During the ICU-on-therapy period, the incidence of ischemic episodes was less in group S patients, and the severity was less: area-under- the-ST-time curve, S versus M: -21 mm · min versus -161 mm · min (P = 0.05). After discontinuation of the drug regimen in the ICU, the incidence and severity of ischemic episodes was similar. The incidence of hypotension, hypertension, and tachycardia was similar in both groups in both the intraoperative and ICU periods. Eight patients (8%) had adverse cardiac outcomes: two had fatal myocardial infarctions (both in group M); four had nonfatal myocardial infarctions (one in M and 3 in S); and two had ventricular failure (both in S) (P = not significant). We conclude that the severity of ischemic episodes can be diminished following myocardial revascularization by use of prolonged intensive analgesia. We infer that therapeutic trials designed to reduce postoperative ischemia should specifically include analgesic (and perhaps sedative-hypnotic) regimens, in addition to antiischemic and antithrombotic regimens.
Time dependent therapeutic effects of single electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in endogenous depression$$$ The present study was addressed to test the hypothesis of time dependent effects of a single ECT in endogenous depression. In a randomized, prospective and double blind controlled comparison 12 patients received only one true modified ECT followed by five sham ECTs on alternate days. They responded as well as the control group of 12 patients who received six true ECTs on alternate days. The Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and a global rating scale for depression were used to monitor therapeutic response. The therapeutic effects of ECT were time dependent developing during the second week of the study period.
Pharmacologic management of refractory depression$$$ Objective: To review published clinical trials of the pharmacologic management of refractory depression. Data sources: MEDLINE was searched for relevant articles published from 1983 to 1990. The bibliographies of review articles were searched for additional references. Studies of nonpharmacologic treatments, such as electroconvulsive therapy, were not included. Study selection: Eleven studies were found that did not contain obvious digressions from several methodologic assessment criteria (adapted from the McMaster guidelines for the evaluation of clinical trials). Further scrutiny by a nonblind reviewer resulted in the selection of four reports that were considered acceptable. An assessment by a second reviewer, blind as to author, results and journal name, confirmed this judgement. Data extraction: Data describing response to the treatments were extracted by a single (nonblind) reviewer. Post-hoc power estimates and 95% confidence intervals were calculated whenever possible. Data synthesis: The efficacy of augmenting an antidepressant regimen with lithium carbonate, triiodothyronine or reserpine was not supported by findings from the clinical trials reviewed. However, many trials with negative results lacked adequate statistical power to exclude the possibility of the drug's efficacy. The use of a monoamine oxidase inhibitor was supported by the one study that met the review's methodologic criteria. However, this study was not conducted under double-blind conditions. Conclusion: The generally recommended strategies for the pharmacologic treatment of refractory depression are not supported by methodologically sound studies.
Epidural analgesia$$$ The most frequently used postoperative analgesia techniques are intramuscular injection (IM) and patient controlled analgesia (PCA). Recently, the use of epidural catheter injection (EPI) has been done with success. This study was done to prospectively compare these three techniques for postoperative analgesia after extensive operations upon the colon and rectum. Patients were randomized to one of three analgesia groups-IM, intramuscular morphine sulfate; PCA, patient controlled morphine sulfate, and EPI, epidural morphine sulfate. Data collected included age, time to first bowel movement, amount of narcotic, number achieving 75 per cent of preoperative forced vital capacity, postoperative pruritus, headache, nausea and vomiting, respiratory depression, atelectasis or pneumonitis. A visual analog pain scale was used to evaluate postoperative pain severity (0, no; 1, partial; 2, marked, and 3, total relief). Sixty-eight patients were eligible for study (IM, 19; PCA, 22; EPI, 23, and excluded, four). The EPI group required significantly less daily narcotic compared with either the IM or PCA groups (17.0±6.12 milligrams; 67.8±26.8 milligrams; 40.5±20.6 milligrams, respectively, <0.05 ANOVA) and total narcotic (81.3±31.3 milligrams; 355.4±147.7 milligrams; 215.3±105.4 milligrams, respectively, p<0.05 ANOVA). EPI achieves excellent pain control in more patients with a significantly lower dose of narcotics and significantly fewer pulmonary complications. Therefore, epidural analgesia is the optimal method of postoperative analgesia after extensive abdominal operations.
Symptomatic predictors of ECT response in medication-nonresponsive manic patients$$$ Background: Relations between pretreatment symptom ratings and ECT outcome were examined in acute manic patients admitted at a state psychiatric center who were nonresponsive to medication. Method: One or 2 days after undergoing pretreatment clinical ratings, patients were randomly assigned to intensive pharmacotherapy, right unilateral ECT, left unilateral ECT, or bilateral ECT. Patients who failed to respond to any of the first three treatment conditions were assigned to crossover bilateral ECT. Patients who failed to respond to a primary treatment condition other than bilateral ECT but refused crossover bilateral ECT and those in whom ECT was terminated due to an organic brain syndrome were not considered for this study. No psychotropic drugs were prescribed for 4-7 days before, or during, the course of ECT. Of the 24 patients who entered the study, 18 patients completed the protocol. Based on independent clinical assessments by two research psychiatrists, a favorable treatment response was defined as a complete recovery from manic episode that was sustained for 1 week during which no psychotropic medications were prescribed. Results: ECT nonresponders were significantly more angry, irritable, and suspicious than ECT responders. Severity of mania and depression ratings at baseline were not related to ECT response. Conclusion: Symptoms associated with poor response to ECT may overlap with those that have been reported to predict nonresponse to treatment with lithium. Our evidence also may support the view that differential symptom patterns may predict treatment outcomes to ECT and carbamazepine, respectively, in manic patients who do not respond to treatment with lithium or neuroleptics.
β-Blockers and depression: Evidence against an association$$$ Objective. - To evaluate the relationship between β-blockers and depression. Design. - Case-control study. Setting. - New Jersey Medicaid recipients during July 1980 to December 1983. Participants. - New depression case patients (N = 4302) were identified from Medicaid claims for depression markers (antidepressant drugs, in-hospital depression diagnosis, or electroconvulsive therapy). Control patients were randomly selected and matched on the basis of Medicaid enrollment on the case patients' date for first depression marker (index date), birth year, sex, race, and nursing home residency status. Main Exposure Measure. - β-Blocker use as evidenced by prescription claims in the year before the index date. Results. - Case patients overall were more likely to have taken β-blockers (simple, matched odds ratio [OR] of 1.45; 95% confidence interval [CI], 1.29 to 1.62). Controlling for confounders (benzodiazepine use, frequent outpatient visits, and frequent use of medications other than β-blockers) resulted in a null effect (OR = 0.98; 95% CI, 0.87 to 1.12). The ORs were consistently lower for case patients with a depression diagnosis or electroconvulsive therapy than for cases with only antidepressant use as a marker. These results did not vary by age, sex, race, nursing home status, or use of other selected specific medications. Conclusions. - Ongoing β-blocker use was not causally related to markers of depression. The difference between this study and those it contradicts is that this one identified certain confounding variables that accounted for the apparent relationship.
Psychopharmacology of depression and anxiety$$$ This review focuses on depression and anxiety. Recent research relating to post-mortem findings in depression, and metabolic changes and alterations in receptor function are discussed, as well as studies examining the problems of prophylaxis. Investigations of benzodiazepine withdrawal and of specific receptor antagonists in anxious patients are described.
Transdermally administered fentanyl for pain management$$$ The physicochemical properties, pharmacology, pharmacokinetics, serum concentrations and clinical effects, adverse effects and contraindications, and dosage of transdermally administered fentanyl are described, and clinical studies evaluating the use of a transdermal fentanyl system in the treatment of postoperative pain and chronic cancer-associated pain are reviewed. After application of a transdermal system, fentanyl is absorbed into the skin beneath the patch, where a depot forms in the upper skin layers. Plasma fentanyl concentrations are barely detectable for about two hours after patch placement. Eight to 12 hours after patch placement, concentrations approximate those achieved with equivalent i.v. doses of fentanyl. Some studies comparing transdermally administered fentanyl with placebo in postoperative patients showed that the patients who received fentanyl required fewer supplementary analgesics and reported less pain than the patients who received placebo. However, the overall efficacy and safety of the transdermal fentanyl system for the treatment of postoperative pain have not been adequately evaluated. Studies of cancer patients showed that transdermally administered fentanyl appears to be effective in the management of chronic, cancer-related pain. Dermatological reactions to the fentanyl patch are generally transient and mild. Other adverse effects are those that are commonly associated with narcotic analgesics. The 25-μg/hr patch should be used for initial treatment in patients not previously treated with narcotics. The dosage may be gradually increased until effective analgesia is obtained. Although experience with the product is limited, transdermally administered fentanyl appears to be effective for the long-term management of cancer-related pain.
Enhanced serotonergic responsivity following electroconvulsive therapy in patients with major depression$$$ Prolactin release in response to fenfluramine hydrochloride (60 mg orally) and placebo was evaluated in 18 medication-free patients with RDC major depressive disorder, endogenous subtype, before and after a series of bilateral treatments with ECT. Before ECT, fenfluramine induced a twofold increase in plasma prolactin levels. This response was significantly enhanced after the ECT series, while baseline prolactin levels and response to the placebo challenge were not altered. There was no significant difference in plasma fenfluramine and norfenfluramine levels during the pre- and post-ECT challenges. These findings suggest that ECT enhances central serotonergic responsivity and extend to depressed patients pre-clinical observations regarding the effect of electroconvulsive shock on serotonergic function.
Who benefits from electroconvulsive therapy? Combined results of the Leicester and Northwick Park trials$$$ This paper describes the results obtained by combining data from the Northwick Park and Leicester randomised controlled trials of ECT. Patients who suffered from depression in which retardation and delusions were features and who received real ECT had a significantly improved outcome at the end of four weeks of treatment (as measured by improvement in the HRSD) in comparison with those who received simulated ECT. However, this treatment effect was not detectable at six-month follow-up. Patients who were neither retarded nor deluded did not benefit significantly from real as opposed to stimulated ECT.
Is old-fashioned electroconvulsive therapy more efficacious? A randomised comparative study of bilateral brief-pulse and bilateral sine-wave treatments$$$ In-patients suffering from major depressive disorder (endogenous subtype) were randomly allocated to treatment by either traditional ECT with constant-voltage modified sine-wave stimuli (n = 17) or modern, constant-current brief-pulse ECT (n = 14). All treatments were bilateral and monitored by simultaneous recording by EEG. The severity of depressive illness was assessed the day before treatment, after three treatments, and seven days after the last treatment. The improvement and final depression rating scores, the likelihood of recovery, and the average number of treatments received were virtually identical in the two groups. We concluded that the policy of bilateral suprathreshold modern ECT monitored by EEG is as efficacious as traditional ECT.
Drug treatment of the personality disorders$$$ Many people with well defined borderline and schizotypal personality disorders may benefit considerably from small doses of neuroleptics. Depression that occurs with personality disorders, which is frequent, responds poorly to tricyclics but may respond better to neuroleptics, while the response to ECT is usually short lived. Selected borderline subjects may respond to MAOIs, particularly where there is a history of childhood hyperactivity. Carbamazepine and lithium may help some individuals with episodic behavioural dyscontrol and aggression, even in the absence of epileptic, affective or organic features. Drug treatments can be combined with psychotherapy, but further placebo-controlled trials are needed to clarify which drugs are most useful, and whether there are any useful clinical predictors of drug responsiveness.
Effects of unilateral-nondominant vs. bilateral ECT on memory and depression: A preliminary report$$$ Reported are preliminary results from a randomized, double-blind study comparing the differential effects of unilateral-nondominant (UND) and bilateral (BL) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) on memory function and clinical efficacy. The study included the serial administration (before, shortly after, and 6 months following a course of ECT) of behavioral ratings and memory tests for dominant and nondominant, anterograde and retrograde memory functions. Thus far, clinical improvement shortly after a course of ECT and 6 months later was significant for the entire sample and did not differ between the UND and BL groups. Most memory ratings worsened significantly after ECT, but returned to baseline levels 6 months later. Surprisingly ,the scores generally did not differ between the UND and BL groups at any time point. Clinical implications for choice of administration are discussed.
Electroconvulsive therapy and schizophrenia$$$ The place of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of affective disorders is presently important and even inequaled in some depressive illness forms. But ECT is still controversial and its indications in the treatment of schizophrenia remain debated. In order to evaluate the place of this 'vieille therapeutique du futur' in the treatment of schizophrenia, we reviewed the literature of the two last decades and tried to answer these questions. 1) Is ECT effectiveness in treatment of schizophrenic symptoms proved? 2) What is the effectiveness of ECT compared with other efficacious treatment? 3) Does the ECT + neuroleptic combination provide some advantage? and in which cases? The literature provides many studies in the topic. However, a considerable proportion of these studies make no use of modern methodological criteria. We only consider papers which: Give a clear diagnostic definition in patients groups and control groups; use a standardized method of treatment; use quantitative tools to evaluate results; randomize treatment and use, when possible, double blind design.
Antidepressant effects of high-dose right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy$$$ In a random-assignment, double-blind, controlled comparison in 38 melancholic men, overall antidepressant potency of high-dose electroconvulsive therapy (378-mC charge) given with right unilateral electrode placement was not significantly different from that with bilateral placement, although there was a trend for faster improvement with bilateral ECT. The suprathreshold character of the stimulus, about 2.5 times the expected seizure threshold, may have contributed to the high efficacy of brief-pulse right unilateral electroconvulsive therapy found in this study.
Hemodynamic effects and onset time of increasing doses of vecuronium in patients undergoing myocardial revascularization$$$ Study objectives were (1) to compare the hemodynamic effects of increasing doses of vecuronium, given as a bolus during induction of anesthesia using high-dose fentanyl, in patients undergoing myocardial revascularization; and (2) to determine whether increasing the dose of vecuronium would decrease the onset time to maximal depression of twitch response. Forty patients scheduled for elective coronary artery bypass surgery were randomly assigned to four equal groups to receive either 0.1, 0.2, 0.3, or 0.4 mg/kg of vecuronium. Hemodynamic measurements and neuromuscular blockade were recorded at five time points: A, awake state; B, anesthetized state after the administration of fentanyl, 10 μg/kg; C, 2 minutes after vecuronium bolus; D, 5 minutes after vecuronium bolus; and E, after intubation. Increasing the dose of vecuronium from 0.1 to 0.2 mg/kg decreased the onset time from 3.8 ± 0.3 minutes to 1.8 ± 0.2 minutes (P < 0.05). However, higher doses of vecuronium (0.3 or 0.4 mg/kg) did not result in further decreases in onset time. There were no significant differences in any hemodynamic parameter measured among the four groups in the anesthetized baseline state. Compared with the anesthetized state, the administration of vecuronium resulted in few alterations in hemodynamics within the groups studied. There were no changes in any hemodynamic parameter at 2 and 5 minutes following administration of 0.4 mg/kg of vecuronium. There were also no dose-related changes in any hemodynamic parameter. Thus, high doses of vecuronium of up to 0.4 mg/kg may be administered to patients with coronary artery disease with few hemodynamic changes. In addition, the onset time of neuromuscular blockade was significantly reduced by increasing the dose of vecuronium from 0.1 mg/kg to 0.2 mg/kg.
Electroconvulsive therapy and benzodiazepines: Review of the literature$$$ Background. it is usually considered that the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy is due to the induction of a seizure (20). Benzodiazepines are well known antiepileptics (11) and it is suggested that they should be withdrawn during electroconvulsive therapy (3). The purpose of our study was to determine the evidence that exists for this hypothesis in the literature. Method. We have reviewed the international literature on electroconvulsive therapy and benzodiazepines through the Medline and Pascal reference database, and performed a manual seach of the major international journals. We have retained the references dealing with both benzodiazepine and electroconvulsive therapy. Results. Up to June 1990, 16 references have been found (table I). Of these 16 references, 5 (6, 7, 12, 19, 25) are letters to the editor with no data reported. Six papers (1, 2, 8, 9, 14, 22) examine benzodiazepines as anesthetics and only focus on anesthetic variables, ignoring electroconvulsive therapy treatment outcome. Only four studies (5, 17, 23, 24) actually examine the incidence of benzodiazepine use on electroconvulsive therapy. Of these, three studies (17, 23, 24) report the incidence of benzodiazepines used as tranquilizers or hypnotics on duration of the electroconvulsive therapy induced seizure. One is a retrospective study (24) showing a decrease in seizure duration due to benzodiazepine use. Of the two prospective studies one shows (23) no difference in seizure duration and the other one (17) a decrease. These studies, however, fail to actually examine how the antidepressive efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy is modified by benzodiazepine use. One recent study (5) measures the antidepressive efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy through the decrease of a validated depression scale. This is a randomized double-blind study examining a short acting benzodiazepine used as an anesthetic in lieu of methohexital. Electroconvulsive therapy efficacy does not appear impaired. Conclusion. From our review of the literature it appears that the supposed negative effect of benzodiazepines on the antidepressive action of electroconvulsive therapy has not been demonstrated. Further studies are warranted.
Use of tryptophan in combination with other antidepressant treatments: A review$$$ In four studies, all carried out more than 20 years ago, the combination of tryptophan plus a monoamine oxidase inhibitor was significantly better than tryptophan plus placebo in the treatment of depression. However, there is no evidence that tryptophan has any clinically significant effect on other treatments such as tricyclic antidepressants and ECT. Side effects of the combination of tryptophan and a monoamine oxidase inhibitors have limited the use of this combination. The risk of the serotonin syndrome is small, but it can occur. However, rapid cessation of tryptophan seems to avoid any long lasting adverse effects of the serotonin syndrome. In situations where enhancement of the therapeutic effect of monoamine oxidase inhibitors outweighs the risk of adverse effects, the combination of tryptophan and a monoamine oxidase inhibitor is clinically useful. As the studies to date have looked at regular depressed patients, what is needed now is studies of this combination in therapy resistant depression.
Citalopram with addition of lithium/placebo (double blind) in the treatment of therapy-resistant depressive patients: Methodology and biological investigations$$$ Citalopram, a new bicyclic antidepressant, is the most selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. In a number of double-blind controlled studies, citalopram was compared to placebo and to known tricyclic antidepressants. These studies have shown their efficacy and good safety. The inefficacy of a psychotropic treatment in at least 20% of depressives has led a number of authors to propose original drug combinations and associations, like antidepressant/lithium (Li), antidepressant/sleep deprivation (agrypnia), antidepressant/ECT, or antidepressant/LT3. The aim of this investigation is to evaluate the clinical effectiveness and safety of a combined citalopram/lithium treatment in therapy-resistant patients, taking account of serotonergic functions, as tested by the fenfluramine/prolactin test, and of drug pharmacokinetics and pharmacogenetics of metabolism.
ECT-induced prolactin release: Effect of sex, electrode placement and serotonin uptake inhibition$$$ We and others have previously reported that the non-specific serotonin receptor antagonist methysergide inhibits the PRL response to ECT whereas the 5HT-2 antagonists ketanserin and ritanserin have no effect. In the present study the effect of serotonin uptake inhibition on this neuroendocrine response was examined in two separate placebo-controlled experiments. According to our results neither clomipramine (25 mg orally) nor fluoxetine (20 mg orally) affected the PRL response to ECT. An analysis of the placebo day data from 32 subjects indicates that a high PRL response to ECT is associated with female sex and bilateral electrode placement.
Electroconvulsive therapy and schizophrenia. Update from the data of the literature$$$ The place of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in the treatment of affective disorders is presently important and even inequaled in some depressive illness forms. But ECT is still controversial and its indications in the treatment of schizophrenia remain debated. In order to evaluate the place of this "vielle thérapeutique du futur" (39) in the treatment of schizophrenia, we reviewed the literature of the two last decades and tried to answer these questions. 1) Is ECT effectiveness in treatment of schizophrenic symptoms proved? 2) What is the effectiveness of ECT compared with other efficacious treatment? 3) Does the ECT + neuroleptic combination provide some advantage? and in which cases? The literature provides many studies in the topic. However, a considerable proportion of these studies make no use of modern methodological criteria. We only consider papers which: --give a clear diagnostic definition in patients groups and control groups, --use a standardized method of treatment, --use quantitative tools to evaluate results, --randomize treatment and use, when possible, double blind design. 1) Curative effects of ECT in schizophrenic symptoms: Brandon et al. (14) compare two groups of schizophrenic patients diagnosed according to PSE for schizophrenia and receiving equivalent doses of neuroleptics. The first group receives ECT when the other one receives simulate ECT. The former improved significantly better than the later. The difference persists but is no longer significant from the forth week of treatment.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)
Comparative effectiveness of detoxication hemosorption and ECT in endogenous depressive patients with resistance to tricyclic antidepressant treatment$$$ In 79 patients with endogenous depressions (66 MDP and 13 circular schizophrenic patients) which received high doses of tricyclic antidepressants (amitriptyline in agitated forms and melipramin in inhibited ones) that remained ineffective for at least one month, hemosorption (HS; 39 patients) or ECT (40 patients) were randomly applied. The overall efficiency of HS and ECT was 53.8% and 60%, respectively. The efficiency of HS was substantially higher than that of ECT in the cases with dominant obsessive-phobic symptoms in depression. The reverse relation was observed in the cases with dominant anxious-delirious symptoms. In order to determine the predictors of the efficiency of the therapies, the stepwise discriminant analysis was used and the linear discriminant function equations were derived for HS and ECT involving 11 and 8 parameters, respectively. Correlation coefficients between predicted and de-facto therapeutic effects determined in an additional test group of 20 patients were 0.63 for HS and 0.88 for ECT. This is important in terms of directing a practitioner toward one or another technique with due respect for the individual differential therapeutic prediction of its result.
Treatment of resistant depression with the citalopram-lithium combination. Methodology of a double-blind multicenter study and preliminary results$$$ Citalopram, a new bicyclic antidepressant, is the most selective serotonin reuptake inhibitor. In a number of double-blind controlled studies, citalopram was compared to placebo and to known tricyclic antidepressants. These studies have shown their efficacy and good safety. The inefficacy of a psychotropic treatment in at least 20% of depressives has led a number of authors to propose original drug combinations and associations, like antidepressant/lithium (Li), antidepressant/sleep deprivation (agrypnia), antidepressant/ECT, or antidepressant/LT3. The aim of this investigation is to evaluate the clinical effectiveness and safety of a combined citalopram/lithium treatment in therapy-resistant patients, taking account of serotonergic functions, as tested by the fenfluramine/prolactin test, and of drug pharmacokinetics and pharmacogenetics of metabolism. DESIGN OF THE STUDY: A washout period of 3 days before initiating the treatment is included. After an open treatment phase of 28 days (D) with citalopram (20 mg D1-D3; 40 mg D4-D14; 40 or 60 mg D15-D28; concomitant medication allowed: chloral, chlorazepate), the nonresponding patients [less than 50% improvement in the total score on the 21 item-Hamilton Depression Rating Scale (HDRS)] are selected and treated with or without Li (randomized in double-blind conditions: citalopram/Li or citalopram/placebo) during the treatment (D29-D35). Thereafter, all patients included in the double-blind phase subsequently receive an open treatment with citalopram/Li for 7 days (D36-D42). The hypothesis of a relationship between serotoninergic functions in patients using the fenfluramine/prolactin test (D1) and the clinical response to citalopram (and Li) is assessed. Moreover, it is evaluated whether the pharmacogenetic status of the patients, as determined by the mephenytoin/dextromethorphan test (D0-D28), is related to the metabolism of fenfluramine and citalopram, and also to the clinical response. CLINICAL ASSESSMENT: Patients with a diagnosis of major depressive disorders according to DSM III are submitted to a clinical assessment of D1, D7, D14, D28, D35, D42: HDRS, CGI (clinical global impression), VAS (visual analog scales for self-rating of depression), HDRS (Hamilton depression rating scale, 21 items), UKU (side effects scale), and to clinical laboratory examens, as well as ECG, control of weight, pulse, blood pressure at D1, D28, D35. Fenfluramine/prolactin test: A butterfly needle is inserted in a forearm vein at 7 h 45 and is kept patent with liquemine. Samples for plasma prolactin, and d- and l-fenfluramine determinations are drawn at 8 h 15 (base line). Patients are given 60 mg fenfluramine (as a racemate) at 8 h 30. Kinetic points are determined at 9 h 30, 10 h 30, 11 h 30, 12 h 30, 13 h 30. Plasma levels of d- and l-fenfluramine are determined by gas chromatography and prolactin by IRNA. Mephenytoin/dextromethorphan test: Patients empty their bladders before the test; they are then given 25 mg dextropethorphan and 100 mg mephenytoin (as a racemate) at 8 h 00. They collect all urines during the following 8 hours. The metabolic ratio is determined by gas chromatography (metabolic ratio dextromethorphan/dextrorphan greater than 0.3 = PM (poor metabolizer); mephenytoin/4-OH-mephenytoin greater than 5.6, or mephenytoin S/R greater than 0.8 = PM). Citalopram plasma levels: Plasma levels of citalopram, desmethylcitalopram and didesmethylcitalopram are determined by gas chromatography--mass spectrometry. RESULTS OF THE PILOT STUDY. The investigation has been preceded by a pilot study including 14 patients, using the abovementioned protocol, except that all nonresponders were medicated with citalopram/Li on D28 to D42. The mean total score (n = 14) on the 21 item Hamilton scale was significantly reduced after the treatment, ie from 26.93 +/- 5.80 on D1 to 8.57 +/- 6.90 on D35 (p less than 0.001). A similar patCitalopram, a new bicyclic antidepressant, is the most selective serotonin reu
Alterations in dietary carbohydrate, protein, and fat intake and mood state in trained female cyclists$$$ Seven highly trained female cyclists (age 22 ± 5 yr, height 165 ± 6 cm, weight 60 ± 5 kg, V̇O(2max) 55 ± 6 ml·min-1·kg-1, X̄ ± SD) consumed, for 1 wk each, isocaloric diets containing varying levels of carbohydrate, protein, and fat designated as low carbohydrate (LCHO), moderate carbohydrate (MCHO), and high carbohydrate (HCHO). Diets were administered in random order, and each subject consumed all three diet treatments. At the end of each weekly diet treatment, subjects rode on a cycle ergometer at 80% V̇O(2max) until fatigued. Cyclists continued light training during the diet treatments. Following each diet treatment and immediately prior to the fatiguing cycle ergometer ride, cyclists completed a Profile of Mood States (POMS) questionnaire. The POMS yields measures of tension (T), depression (D), anger (A), vigor (V), fatigue (F), and confusion (C), as well as providing a total mood score (TMS). Results indicated that subjects on LCHO had significantly (P ≤ 0.05) greater T, D, A, and TMS and less V compared with MCHO and HCHO. There were no significant differences between MCHO and HCHO. In the present study, LCHO in conjunction with training and exercise adversely affected the mood state of trained female cyclists as compared with MCHO and HCHO diets.
Comparison of epidurally administered sufentanil, morphine, and sufentanil-morphine combination for postoperative analgesia$$$ Postoperative analgesia provided by epidurally administered sufentanil and/or morphine was evaluated in 45 patients recovering from major gynecologic surgery. At the first complaint of pain in the Postanesthesia Care Unit, patients received a single epidural bolus of 30 μg sufentanil (group A), 5 mg morphine (group B), or 30 μg sufentanil plus 3 mg morphine (group C) in a randomized blinded fashion. Analgesic efficacy was assessed throughout the 24-h study period with 10-cm visual analog scales. The need for additional postoperative analgesia (patient-controlled analgesia, 1 mg of morphine every 6 min as necessary) and the incidence of adverse effects were also assessed. Patients receiving sufentanil (groups A and C) had significantly faster onset of analgesia than did patients given morphine alone (group B, P < 0.05). Group B subjects experienced the longest duration of analgesia (B vs A and C, P < 0.05) and required significantly less patient-controlled analgesia (morphine) than patients in group A (P < 0.05). No patient developed clinically significant respiratory depression or excessive sedation, and there were no intergroup differences in incidence of pruritus or nausea (P value not significant). The data indicate that a mixture of sufentanil and morphine provides either a more rapid onset of epidural analgesia or reduced patient-controlled analgesia narcotic requirement than respective doses of each agent administered alone.
An efficacy study of single- versus double-seizure induction with ECT in major depression$$$ Twenty-nine patients with major depression, with and without psychosis, were randomly assigned to bilateral conventional electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or modified multiple monitored ECT (MMECT) limited to two seizure inductions in a session. From pretreatment to after the fourth treatment session, modified MMECT was associated with more rapid amelioration of depressive symptoms on the basis of blindly rated Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression scores. No medical complications occurred. Sixty-two percent of patients in the modified MMECT group had posttreatment confusion, whereas 15% of patients treated with conventional ECT were confused. Modified MMECT appears to confer some clinical advantage over conventional ECT in the treatment of major depression while carrying an increased risk of treatment-related reversible confusion.
Depressive syndromes and antidepressants$$$ The current concept of depression (major depressive episode) according to the DSM-III, now the DSM-III-R, extensively used in the ICD 10 project, is extraordinarily comprehensive to the point of having practically lost any heuristic value, at least in its current utilization. The pragmatic approach to which it corresponds, supposedly atheoretical, pertains in fact to a tautology. Is considered primarily as an antidepressant any therapy which improves the rating scales for depression applied to groups of patients (usually heterogeneous) classified in this cateogory. From this viewpoint, ECT, imipramine-type drugs, unselective and irreversible MAOIs, together with certain cognitive and behavioural therapies, some benzodiazepines, as well as new molecules (specific uptake inhibitors, psychostimulants, certain neuroleptics) may be qualified as antidepressants. In this respect the DSM-III-R does not enable psychopharmacological theories to be tested (finding differences). It is no longer the antidepressant pharmacodynamic action which is compared, since it is equivalent in very approach, but pharmacodynamic actions which take into account the profiles of lateral effects. Described in this way are classic imipramine antidepressants, atypical substances, some of which have shown proof of their antidepressant activity, others have not (depending on the criteria for proof of activity one chooses to accept), new uptake inhibitors, mostly serotoninergic, global and irreversible MAOIs, and new selective reversible MAOIs. By this way of describing antidepressants, some of the molecules have not shown rigorous proof of antidepressant action, but are none the less pharmacodynamically interesting - 'medicines in search of instructions'. Emphasis may also be laid on serotonin uptake inhibitors, the major pharmacodynamic interest of which is perhaps not antidepressant action, but regulatory action of the ponderal balance, anti-obsessional action, anti-impulsive action, anti-alcoholic action, etc., thus no longer putting the accent on what links these substances to antidepressants, but on their original properties. The problem lies in the intricacy of industrial constraint and the current nosological 'cul-de-sac' which entices one to aim a new molecule at depression rather than at narrower and less ambitious pathological or syndromic targets.
Labetalol in the control of cardiovascular responses to electroconvulsive therapy in high-risk depressed medical patients$$$ Labetalol, a drug with α- and β-adrenergic receptor blocking effects, was used to attenuate hypertension and tachycardia associated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in a series of 11 elderly patients with refractory depression and cardiovascular disease in a placebo-controlled, double-blind crossover study design. As compared with placebo, labetalol was found to blunt mean arterial pressure (MAP) increase by up to 8.26% (p < .001), heart rate increase by up to 26.07% (p < .001), frequency of atrial arrhythmias by up to 100% (p < .01), and premature ventricular contractions by 41.97%. No untoward side effects were observed, and no effect on treatment outcome was noted. Labetalol appears to be an effective and safe agent to use in decreasing hypertension, tachycardia, and possibly arrhythmias in high-risk medical patients with cardiovascular disease undergoing ECT.
Absence of nimodipine premedication effect on memory after electroconvulsive therapy$$$ While highly efficacious for affective disorders, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is sometimes accompanied by troublesome although temporary cognitive dysfunction. We speculated that the efficacy of ECT can be separated from its cognitive dysfunction by administration of nimodipine, a calcium channel blocker that crosses the blood-brain barrier and has prevented electroshock-induced amnesia in animal studies. However, in our single-blind repeated-measures trial on 8 patients, nimodipine 30-60 mg orally 2 h prior to ECT was indistinguishable from placebo in effects on verbal learning and retrograde and anterograde memory during the 2 h after ECT.
Anticonvulsants in affective disorders$$$ The current status of anticonvulsant drugs compared to other treatments for the management of affective disorders is evaluated. Data from controlled studies suggest that carbamazepine is superior to placebo, equivalent to neuroleptics, and comparable to lithium for mania, at least in relatively treatment-refractory patients. Carbamazepine may also be useful as an antidepressant and for prophylaxis. Valproate and clonazepam show promise in the treatment of mania and for prophylaxis, but the number of patients studied in controlled trials is small. Lorazepam and other benzodiazepines may be useful antimanic agents, and alprazolam exerts antidepressant effects, although its efficacy relative to the tricyclics is unclear. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is effective for both mania and depression. Established treatments are carbamazepine and ECT for mania and ECT for depression. Still experimental are valproate and clonazepam for mania; carbamazepine and alprazolam for depression; and carbamazepine, ECT, valproate, and clonazepam for maintenance. Combinations with lithium appear promising but await double-blind trials. The place of other anticonvulsants in the treatment of affective disorders is unknown.
A comparison of triiodothyronine and thyroxine in the potentiation of tricyclic antidepressants$$$ Several studies suggest that small amounts of triiodothyronine (T3) will convert tricyclic antidepressant nonresponders into responders within a few days to a few weeks. As thyroxine (T4) is converted to T3 to have its physiological effect, it has been assumed that T4 would have a similar antidepressant effect to that of T3. We carried out a randomized, double-blind evaluation of the antidepressant-potentiating effect of T3 as compared with T4. Significantly more patients responded to 3 weeks of T3 as compared with T4 potentiation. Small but significant differential effects of the two thyroid hormones were noted on the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression.
Caffeine augmentation of ECT$$$ In a randomized double-blind, placebo-controlled pilot study of 40 depressed inpatients,the authors compared two techniques for maintaining seizure duration during pulse unilateral ECT: pretreatment with intravenous caffeine versus electrical stimulus intensity dosing. Both techniques effectively maintained seizure duration, but with caffeine this was accomplished without any increase in mean stimulus intensity over the course of ECT. There were no differences between the two techniques in therapeutic outcome or cognitive side effect from ECT, and caffeine pretreatment was well tolerated. The authors discuss the clinical and research implications of these findings with respect to strategies for maintaining seizure duration during ECT.
Dexamethasone suppression tests in the context of a double-blind trial of electroconvulsive therapy and simulated ECT$$$ Dexamethasone suppression tests (DST) were performed before and after trial treatment in the Leicestershire trial of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in practice. Twenty-six depressed patients were studied before treatment, and in 18, tests were repeated immediately after the completion of trial treatments. No consistent pattern of relationship was observed between DST results and response to real or simulated ECT, although the pretreatment relationship between DST results and clinical picture was in accord with the expectations of the literature.
A placebo-controlled evaluation of vasopressin for ECT-induced memory impairment$$$ Vasopressin may be involved in normal memory functions and may alleviate certain memory impairments. In this study, the usefulness of vasopressin to relieve electoconvulsive therapy (ECT)-induced memory impairment was evaluated using a placebo-controlled, random assignment, double-blind design. Patients were 33 depressives receiving bilateral ECT. Vasopressin, in a nasal spray, was administered q.i.d. from the first through the fifth ECT. Extensive memory testing evaluated both retrograde and anterograde amnesia; ratings of depression and patient ratings of subjective memory complaints were also obtained. Results did not show statistically significant evidence of benefit from vasopressin, though a number of comparisons were in the predicted direction. The role of vasopressin in reducing memory impairment of various types remains to be elucidated.
Potentiation of antidepressant treatment by thyroid hormone: Review$$$ The association of thyroid hormone and antidepressant has been proposed for about twenty years, mainly for refractory depression treatment. Review of ten trials made since 1969 does not bring positive arguments in favor of this association (most of these trials have poor or no methodology). It is necessary to undertake double-blind placebo controlled studies on refractory depressed inpatients, in order to ascertain the real usefulness of this association.
Lateralized hemispheric mechanisms and the antidepressant effects of right and left unilateral ECT$$$ This article critically reviews the six controlled studies of the anti-depressant effects of right unilateral versus left unilateral ECT (R-ECT, L-ECT), contrasting them with results recently obtained in dobule-blind, random assignment comparison of the two methods, using a square-wave stimulus, widely spaced temporoparietal electrode placement, and markedly supra-threshold stimulus charge. The author challenges the prevalent belief in a therapeutic advantage of R-ECT versus L-ECT, proposing instead the contrary case for a therapeutic advantage of L-ECT, based on the interaction of a hypothesized interhemispheric seizure threshold difference and a maximally efficient method of stimulu delivery.
The dose response of caudal morphine in children$$$ The authors compared the duration of analgesia and the frequency of side effects of three doses of caudal epidural morphine in children aged 1.2-7.9 yr. Caudal catheters were inserted in 32 children, randomly assigned to receive 0.033 mg · kg-1, 0.067 mg · kg-1, or 0.10 mg · kg-1 of preservative-free morphine for analgesia after major surgical procedures below the diaphragm. The first dose of caudal morphine was mixed with 0.25 ml · kg-1 of 1% lidocaine to confirm correct caudal catheter placement. By assessment of periodic pain scores and the time intervals between administration of caudal morphine and the recurrence of pain, the authors found that the mean (±SD) duration of analgesia was significantly longer after 0.10 mg · kg-1 (13.3 ± 4.7 h) than after either 0.033 mg · kg-1 or 0.067 mg · kg-1 (10.0 ± 3.3 and 10.4 ± 4.2 h, respectively) (P < 0.02). The frequency of vomiting, pruritus, and urinary retention was similar in each group. Vomiting was less common in patients who had nasogastric drainage than in patients who were fed soon after surgery (P < 0.05). Delayed respiratory depression occurred in one child after 0.10 mg · kg-1 of caudal morphine. Caudal morphine, 0.033-0.10 mg · kg-1, provided prolonged analgesia in children. The authors recommend 0.033 mg · kg-1 of caudal morphine as an initial dose for children.
A comparison of electroconvulsive therapy with a combined lithium and tricyclic combination among depressed tricyclic nonresponders$$$ Thirty severely depressed patients who were resistant to tricyclic antidepressant therapy were randomly allocated to treatment either with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or addition of lithium (Li) to the tricyclic. Twenty-one of the 30 patients significantly improved at the end of 3 weeks of treatment. There were no differences in improvement rates between the two groups. However, the patients treated with a Li/tricyclic combination improved more rapidly, showing significant alterations in mental state by day 7. It is suggested that in otherwise physically healthy patients who are tricyclic nonresponders, the addition of Li may be a more rapid treatment than the use of ECT.
Effectiveness of nalbuphine for relief of burn debridement pain$$$ A prospective double-blind study was undertaken to compare the effectiveness of the agonist-antagonist nalbuphine hydrochloride with morphine sulfate in relieving pain from burn debridement. The study consisted of two groups in which each was given a preprocedure dose of the study medication followed by administration of incremental doses up to one half the initial dose as requested. After reviewing the literature, we set the ratio of nalbuphine hydrochloride/morphine sulfate at 2:1 mg, respectively. Safety and efficacy were determined by measurements of vital signs, sedation, adverse effects, and patient evaluation of pain intensity and relief with the use of both an adjective and a visual analogue scale. Analysis showed no significant differences in the variables measured. Therefore in relieving burn debridement pain, we found nalbuphine hydrochloride to be as effective as morphine sulfate. We also found that respiratory depression was not a problem in either group.
Evaluation of a cancer pain model for the testing of long-acting analgesics. The effect of MS Contin in a double-blind, randomized crossover design$$$ A double-blind, double-dummy, crossover study compared oral controlled-release morphine sulfate (MS Contin tablets [MSC], Purdue Frederick, Norwalk, CT) every 12 hours, and immediate-release morphine sulfate (IRMS) tablets, every 4 hours, in 14 evaluable patients with chronic cancer pain. The test model described showed assay sensitivity for steady-state analgesia, requiring relatively few subjects to yield statistical significance in pharmacologic potency estimates. Initial doses were the calculated equivalents of about one third the previous opioid requirements or at least 30 mg MSC every 12 hours or 15 mg IRMS every 4 hours. This was generally subtherapeutic; hence, additional IRMS was available for break-through pain. Doses of MSC and IRMS were titrated upwards until the requirement for rescue IRMS was <20% of the total daily amount of morphine. In both study phases, the total dose of morphine increased significantly from the first day to the last, on which it was significantly (34%) higher for IRMS than MSC. Pain was significantly less intense and frequent in the last 24 hours of each treatment arm than in the first, and equally well controlled by both regimens. The two treatments were equipotent in a pharmacologic assay using dosages and pain scores. The requirement for rescue analgesia was similarly comparable for both treatments, decreasing significantly with upward dose titration. The few side effects experienced (one with MSC and three with IRMS) did not include serious reactions such as respiratory depression. It is concluded that MSC, 12-hourly, controls cancer pain as effectively and safely as IRMS on a 4-hour schedule. MS Contin exhibits a 12-hour duration of action as previously shown in other well-controlled trials. A problem of pain exacerbation at the start of each study phase was found to be associated with the design of this study. It may be resolved with a higher initial study dose and/or use of a patient-controlled analgesia device for parenteral rescue doses.
Ergoloid mesylates and ECT$$$ Amnesia is the most common adverse effect among patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy. In a double-blind pilot study, patients receiving bilateral ECT were pretreated with ergoloid mesylates (N=5) or placebo (N=5). Consistent with the hypothesis that ergoloid mesylates might protect against ECT-associated amnesia, nonsignificant trends on some memory tests showed better performance for patients receiving active treatment. Unexpectedly, patients treated with ergoloid mesylates had a significantly better antidepressant response.
Effect of a single nighttime dose of oxazepam on seizure duration in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ In a double-blind crossover study, 12 depressed inpatients receiving bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were given 22.5 mg oxazepam or placebo (identical tablets, randomized order) the night before treatment. Seizure duration was measured using the cuff method and a total of 20 pairs of measurements were made. Mean duration after oxazepam administration was 0.9 s longer than after placebo; this difference was not statistically significant. The relevant lower one-sided 95% confidence limit was -4.1 s. Single administration of oxazepam, 22.5 mg, has little average effect on seizure duration in ECT.
Epidural steroids, epidural morphine and epidural steroids combined with morphine in the treatment of post-laminectomy syndrome$$$ Epidural morphine injection followed by a steroid has been reported to be effective for the post-laminectomy pain ('failed back') syndrome. This double-blind, parallel study was undertaken to evaluate that mode of therapy. Twenty-two patients who had undergone at least one prior laminectomy, who were still symptomatic, were randomized to receive 50 mg of lidocaine epidurally with: (a) 75 mg triamcinolone diacetate (TR); or (b) 8 mg of preservative-free morphine (MP); or (c) both (TR and MP), at 1 month intervals for 3 consecutive months. The spinal interspace identified with the patients' pain complaint was the site of injection. For each treatment, patients were admitted to the Clinical Research Center for 24 h and their condition continuously monitored with a pulse oximeter and apnea monitor. Five to 7 patients in each group had pain relief for less than 1 month. No patient given morphine had pain relief for more than 1 month. Life-threatening ventilatory depression occurred in the group given triamcinolone and morphine. The use of morphine alone or combined with slow release triamcinolone does not appear to be appropriate for the treatment of the post-laminectomy pain syndrome.
Lack of effect of naloxone on prolactin and seizures in electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Both opiate agonist and antagonist injection have been reported to modulate prolactin secretion, alter brain excitability and produce seizures, and modify the postictal state. We studied the effects of administration of high-dose naloxone, an opiate antagonist, on postictal prolactin levels, seizure duration, and postictal behavior, using patients undergoing electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) as a seizure model. Seven patients had 8 mg naloxone injected prior to one ECT treatment and saline injected prior to another treatment, with the order of injection randomized. Before ECT and 15 min after ECT, prolactin levels were drawn, and no blunting of the expected postictal prolactin elevation by naloxone injection was observed. We found no evidence that endogenous opiates trigger prolactin secretion during seizures. Seizure duration was also similar in saline and naloxone groups, and naloxone did not reverse postictal depression, as has been reported in an animal model.
Attenuation of electroconvulsive therapy induced hypertension with sublingual nifedipine.$$$ Five patients known to be previously hypertensive but not currently receiving anti-hypertensive medications were studied for a total of twenty-six administrations of electroconvulsive therapy. Patients randomly received sublingual nifedipine 10 mg, 20 minutes prior to half of their treatments, and for the remaining treatments acted as their own controls. The use of nifedipine resulted in significant attenuation of the blood pressure response to therapy. Systolic pressure increase was 24 mmHg (SD 14) versus 62 mmHg (SD 24) (P less than 0.01). There was no difference in heart rate between the two groups. It is concluded that nifedipine reduces the pressor response to electroconvulsive therapy in individuals with a history of hypertension.
Glycopyrrolate versus atropine in post-ECT amnesia in the elderly.$$$ The neurotransmitter acetylcholine is important in memory function, and low brain concentrations may be associated with cognitive impairment. Our hypothesis was that atropine, a centrally acting anticholinergic drug known to cause amnesia, confusion, and delirium, may further exacerbate the amnesia and/or confusion resulting from electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) when used as a preanesthetic, and that the peripherally acting glycopyrrolate would by comparison decrease these side effects. We randomly administered glycopyrrolate versus atropine in equivalent doses as the preanesthetic agent to 20 consecutively admitted geriatric patients with major depression, for whom ECT was the clinical treatment of choice. Patients were matched for age, Hamilton Scale for Depression, and baseline performance on the Buschke Selective Reminding Task (BSRT). We found no significant difference in outcome between patients treated prior to ECT with atropine versus glycopyrrolate, as assessed by the above measures. We conclude from this study that atropine is no more deleterious to memory than is glycopyrrolate when given before ECT.
A dose-response study of intrathecal morphine: Efficacy, duration, optimal dose, and side effects$$$ We performed a double-blind study of the dose-response relationship of intrathecal morphine (0, 0.3, 1, and 2.5 mg) for postoperative pain relief in 33 subjects who underwent total knee or hip replacement surgery. Assessments commenced 1 hour after the opioid injection, which was given at the end of surgery, and continued for 24 hours. Pain measurements, supplementary analgesia requirements, and adverse effects were recorded. Intrathecal morphine provided effective, long-lasting pain relief. All doses delayed the initial perception of discomfort (T-Pain) and also postponed the onset of severe pain requiring analgetic supplementation (T-Morphine) (1.25 hours control with placebo injections; > 20 hours with intrathecal morphine 0.3, 1, and 2.5 mg: P < 0.05). Although 0.3 mg usually provided good analgesia it was unsatisfactory in three of 10 patients (30%), whereas 1 and 2.5 mg were absolutely reliable. Respiratory depression (increased PaCO2), common after the administration of 1 or 2.5 mg intrathecal morphine, was slow in onset and prolonged. The respiratory depression after 2.5 mg was more profound than after 1 mg, and produced apnea necessitating large-dose naloxone therapy. Pruritus was unique to intrathecal morphine administration, but nausea, vomiting, and urinary retention were common in all the groups. We conclude that no ideal dose of intrathecal morphine exists because, even with small quantities, minor adverse effects are evident. Doses between 0.3 and 1 mg, however, should provide good analgesia free from the major complication, respiratory depression.
A double-blind comparison of sinusoidal wave and brief-pulse electroconvulsive therapy in endogenous depression$$$ In a double-blind prospective study, 29 endogenously depressed patients (RDC) were randomized into sinusoidal wave (SW) and brief-pulse (BP) electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) groups. Bilateral modified treatments were administered on alternate days, three per week, and the treatment variables of current dosage and seizure duration were monitored for each treatment. Significantly more patients responded to SW than to BP ECT, but a comparable number of treatments was required to produce this response in the two groups. There was no difference in clinical or treatment variables between the SW and the BP groups, nor between ECT responders and nonresponders, with the exception that the SW-treated patients received larger doses of current per treatment than did the BP patients. For endogenous depression treated with ECT, we conclude that cumulative seizure duration may not be a parameter of significance, that overall rate of recovery in ECT responders is independent of stimulus waveform, and that some depressives may respond to SW but not to BP ECT. We suggest that the antidepressant effect of the ECT seizure may be characterized by a therapeutic window in current requirements; alternatively, a putative response threshold (again in terms of current requirement) may exist, which is higher in some patients than in others.
Treatment strategy in depression. II. MAO inhibitors in depression resistant to cyclic antidepressants: Two controlled crossover studies with tranylcypromine versus L-5-hydroxytryptophan and nomifensine$$$ Antidepressants are ineffective in about 30% of the patients with major depression. Besides electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and lithium, MAO inhibitors have been suggested as an alternative in such patients. In 2 controlled, partial crossover studies involving 47 patients with major depression who had already been treated unsuccessfully with at least 2 cyclic antidepresants, the effect of the MAO inhibitor tranylcypromine was studied. The first study was an open comparison with L-5-hydroxytryptophan (L-5HTP), the second study a double-blind comparison with nomifensine. Neither the patients treated with L-5HTP nor the patients treated with nomifensine, except one, improved. In contrast, tranylcypromine was effective in 50% of the patients. The depressions of the responders to tranylcypromine appeared to be more endogenous (according Newcastle Scale II) and of shorter duration than those of the non-responders. It is concluded that MAO inhibitors such as tranylcypromine are an effective alternative to ECT and lithium in patients with major depression who have failed to respond to cyclic antidepressants.
Antidepressants: Their efficacy and place in therapy$$$ This paper reviews and relates to the wider published literature a series of studies directed to the broad question of which antidepressant treatment is required for which kind of depressed patient. Adequate methodology requires comparisons with placebo and other active drugs, rather than analysis of single treatment groups, so that the magnitude of therapeutic benefit due to specific drug effects can be measured. Reasonably firm conclusions are now possible. Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is most effective in severely depressed patients, particularly those with delusions or retardation, and is superior to antidepressant drugs in such patients. Monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitors show some selectivity towards patients with anxiety or reversed functional shift symptoms, but this selectivity appears quite limited, and tricyclic antidepressants also benefit such patients. The possibility of other factors, not well reflected in clinical features, which determine consistency of response requires further investigation. Recent evidence has led to re-evaluation of the earlier view that tricyclic antidepressants were specifically indicated in endogenous depressions. They appear to be broad-spectrum antidepressants, with efficacy extending more widely into neurotic disorders, mixed anxiety depressions, anxiety disorders, and into the relatively mild non-endogenous depressions of general practice.
Electroconvulsive treatment compared with lithium in the management of manic states$$$ Thirty-four hospitalized manic patients were randomized to treatment with either lithium carbonate or an average series of nine bilateral electroconvulsive treatments (ECTs), followed by maintenance with lithium carbonate. Weekly ratings of manic, depressive, and psychotic symptoms were obtained for eight weeks, and patients were followed up monthly for up to two years. Ratings by nonblind and blind observers indicated that the patients who underwent ECT improved more during the first eight weeks than did patients who were treated with lithium carbonate. This was especially true of patients with mixed symptoms of mania and depression and/or extreme manic behavior. Clinical ratings after eight weeks showed no significant differences between the lithium carbonate- and ECT-treated patients. Likewise, the two groups had comparable rates of relapse, recurrence, and rehospitalization during the follow-up period.
Predicting the outcome of endogenous depression following electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Endogenous depresison is known to be associated with good outcome following electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). In a double-blind, prospective study, we applied three clinical predictive indices and one diagnostic index to a cohort of 29 endogenous depressed patients, to obtain better predictors of outcome following ECT. The Newcastle Prognostic Index identified ECT responders with high specificity but low sensitivity; other indices, such as those described by Hobson (1953) and by Mendels (1967), were neither sensitive nor specific in predictive standards. If ECT-treated depressed patients are preselected for endogenous symptomatology, fresh clinical predictive indices need to be developed.
Propofol for electroconvulsive therapy. A comparison with methohexitone. Preliminary report$$$ Twenty patients who received electroconvulsive therapy were anaesthetised with either propofol or methohexitone in a randomised crossover study. Recovery times were similar but patients who received propofol tended to be orientated sooner. The decrease in arterial blood pressure after induction was greater with propofol than with methohexitone. There was an increase in blood pressure immediately after therapy in patients who received methohexitone but not in those given propofol. There was a slight difference in pain on injection. The mean duration of convulsion (measured in 10 patients) during anaesthesia was shorter with propofol than with methohexitone.
Effects of electrode placement on the efficacy of titrated, low-dose ECT$$$ This double-blind, random-assignment study contrasted the relative efficacy of bilateral and unlateral right ECT with a low-dose titration procedure. In 52 patients with primary major depressive disorder, bilateral ECT was markedly superior in short-term symptom reduction to unilateral right ECT. The two conditions did not differ in the duration of generalized seizures or in the number of treatments administered to achieve clinical response. The findings challenge the claim that the elicitation of generalized seizure is, in and of itself, sufficient for the antidepressant properties of ECT. Rather, a dose in excess of seizure threshold may contribute to the efficacy of ECT, particularly with a unilateral right electrode placement.
Naloxone has no effect on hormonal responses to ECT in man$$$ Although there is a clear evidence in other species that electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) is associated with changes in endogenous opioid activity, there are few data available for such a role in man. Since ECT leads to changes in certain hormones in man, particularly serum prolactin, it was postulated that such changes may represent an increase in endogenous opioids. Six unmedicated patients with major depressive illness were therefore administered either 4 mg i.v. of the opiate antagonist naloxone or a saline control infusion, just before successive treatments with ECT, in a double-blind, randomized crossover design. Blood was sampled at intervals for serum prolactin, growth hormone (GH), and cortisol. ECT led to a clear rise in serum prolactin, with no significant change seen in either serum GH or serum cortisol during the 20-min sampling interval. Naloxone had no significant effect on any of these changes. It is concluded that the rise in serum prolactin in response to ECT is not mediated by changes in endogenous opioid peptide activity.
Acute effects of ECT on cardiovascular functioning: Relations to patient and treatment variables$$$ In 34 patients with primary, major depressive disorder, randomly assigned to bilateral or right unilateral ECT, heart rate (HR) and blood pressure (BP) were assessed prior and following seizure induction at every treatment. In contrast to prior reports, no cumulative pattern was observed in HR or BP changes as a function of treatment number. Generally, treatment variables, including ECT modality (bilateral vs. unilateral), anesthetic agent (methohexital vs. pentothal), and prior subconvulsive stimulation in a session, had no effects on the magnitude of peak postictal increases in HR or BP. The peak changes were also unrelated to the history of cardiac illness, remission of depressive symptomatology, patient seizure threshold and patient seizure duration. Pre-treatment HR was strongly predictive of peak postictal change in both HR and BP, while pretreatment BP was not. Patients with high pre-ECT HR had smaller peak postictal HR and BP increases. The findings suggested that low dosage, titrated ECT has HR and BP effects similar to traditional high dosage techniques, and that pre-treatment HR is the best predictor of these effects.
Seizure threshold in electroconvulsive therapy. Effects of sex, age, electrode placement, and number of treatments$$$ In a random-assignment trial to unilateral right and bilateral electrode placements, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) stimulus intensity was titrated to just above seizure threshold for each of 52 depressed patients. Seizure threshold was quantified in units of charge. There was a 12-fold range in the minimum electrical intensity necessary to produce seizure. Sex, age, electrode placement, and the cumulative number of treatments were each associated with seizure threshold. Bilateral ECT had both a higher initial seizure threshold and a greater cumulative increae in seizure threshold compared with unilateral ECT. Clinical and research implications are discussed with respect to dosing strategies in ECT.
Studies of dosage, seizure threshold, and seizure duration in ECT$$$ Seizure threshold, defined as the mineral electical dosage necessary to elicit adequate generalized seizure, was determined throughout the course of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in depressed patients randomly assigned to bilateral and right unilateral treatment, with brief pulse, constant current stimulation. In Study 1, it was found that seizure threshold may be more accurately measured using the unit of charge compared to the traditional unit of watt-second. In Study 2, it was found that seizure threshold was associated with seizure duration. Patients with high thresholds had shorter seizure durations. This indicated that the seizure threshold measure assesses in part functional neural activity. In Study 3, it was found that failure for seizure threshold to increase substantially over the course of ECT was associated with poor clinical outcome. In Study 4, it was found that electrical dosage at threshold was not related to magnitude of acute cognitive impairments. This suggested that the degree to which dosage exceeds threshold may be more strongly tied to adverse effects than the absolute dosage administered to patients. Implications of the data are discussed, particularly in relation to a hypothesized link between the anticonvulsant properties of ECT and its mechanism of therapeutic action.
Respiratory interactions of ketamine and morphine$$$ Six healthy, consenting volunteer males received ketamine iv in five logarithmically scaled doses totaling 3 mg/kg on three occasions each. The sessions differed only in the initial injection of an unknown drug: placebo, morphine sulfate 0.2 mg/kg, or morphine sulfate 0.4 mg/kg. Initial and terminal steady-state ventilatory responses to CO2 (V̇(E)R(CO2)) and isohypercapnic ventilation (end-tidal CO2 49.8 ± 2.4 mmHg) during drug administration assessed CO2-mediated ventilatory drive. Oxygen concentration of 40% ablated hypoxic drive contribution. Morphine caused a decrease of isohypercapnic ventilation (V̇(E)) of 8.2 ± 1.2 l/min after 0.2 mg/kg. Doubling the dose to 0.4 mg/kg gave a further depression of 6.6 ± 1. 81/min. No subject lost consciousness after morphine. Over a dose range of 0.39 to 3.0 mg/kg ketamine caused log-linear dose-related depression of 1.6 ± 0.3 l/min for each doubling of dose, although the first significant depression of 4.9 ± 1.1 l/min did not occur until the third dose (1.1 mg/kg) in the absence of morphine. All subjects were unconscious after 1.8 mg/kg ketamine. Slopes of the V̇(E)R(CO2) did not differ from control, regardless of the pretreatment, placebo, or morphine in the two doses. Ketamine alone, 3.0 mg/kg, caused displacement of V̇(E)R(CO2) of +2.0 ± 1.2 mmHg in CO2, while combination of ketamine and morphine in either dose caused a +10 mmHg displacement of V̇(E)R(CO2). Thus, ketamine appears qualitatively similar but less potent than premedicant doses of morphine in depressing respiration despite near equipotency in producing loss of consciousness.
A comparison of some retrograde and anterograde effects of electroconvulsive shock in patients with severe depression.$$$ Seventy severely depressed patients were randomly assigned to receive either a standard course of bilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) or a course of simulated ECT (muscle relaxant and anaesthesia) identical to the real course except that the shock was omitted. Anterograde amnesia due to the shock was demonstrated in recognition memory for word lists and in recall of labels for faces, but this was eliminated by priming. Retrograde amnesia was also present for labels for faces learned the day before a treatment, but this was not eliminated by priming. Recognition memory for material learned in the remote past was better in the patients who had received shock than in those who had received only anaesthetic.
Opiate antagonism fails to reverse post-ECT cognitive deficits$$$ The opiate antagonist naloxone has been reported to improve memory in animals and to produce partial improvement in Alzheimer's dementia. The usefulness of naloxone for reversing ECT-induced cognitive impairment was tested by comparing the effects of naloxone and placebo on several tests of cognitive performance in 10 patients who underwent bilateral ECT. No significant differences were found between naloxone and placebo. The results suggest that at the doses used, naloxone is not effective in reversing ECT-induced memory deficits.
EEG-Monitored ECT: A comparison of seizure duration under anesthesia with etomidate and thiopentone$$$ Electroencephalogram-monitored electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was carried out in 20 depressed inpatients. Before treatment, patients were randomly allocated to treatment using etomidate (Hypnomidat) (n = 10) or thiopentone (n = 10) for anesthesia. The groups were matched for sex, age, weight, and type and severity of depression. The seizure duration (seconds) was measured by electroencephalography (EEG), and the electrical energy (Joules, J) was determined for each treatment. A ratio of seizure duration:electrical energy (s/J) was computed. Both seizure duration and seizure duration:electrical energy were greater in the etomidate group than in the thiopentone group, whereas electrical energy did not differ significantly. The number of treatments in the etomidate group did not differ from that in the thiopentone group, as may be expected, perhaps because of the small size.
Effects of atropine and glycopyrrolate on cognitive function following anaesthesia and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT).$$$ Memory changes are known to be associated with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The anticholinergic drugs used prior to the procedure have also been suspected of causing cognitive deficits. The present study was designed to assess memory and concentration in depressed patients receiving 0.6 mg atropine, 0.2 mg glycopyrrolate or placebo before anaesthesia and ECT. Glycopyrrolate is an anticholinergic agent lacking central nervous system effects. Anaesthesia and bilateral ECT resulted in significant short-term memory deficit, but this was seen equally in each of the groups of patients irrespective of which premedication was given. As no regimen was superior, as far as effect on memory is concerned, premedication for ECT should be chosen according to other criteria.
The effects of continuous intravenous naloxone on epidural morphine analgesia$$$ Forty-five patients undergoing Caesarean section under epidural anaesthesia with bupivacaine were randomly allocated to three groups. Group 1 received 4 mg of epidural morphine immediately postoperatively and 2 mg naloxone by intravenous infusion for 12 hours postoperatively; group 2 was treated as group 1 but without naloxone infusion; group 3 received 10 mg morphine intramuscularly and 20 ml epidural saline after delivery of the baby. Epidural morphine 4 mg produced better postoperative analgesia than 10 mg of morphine intramuscularly (p < 0.001) and the intravenous infusion of naloxone did not ablate the analgesic effects of epidural morphine. The incidence of itching and vomiting was higher in the epidural opioid groups (p < 0.05) and intravenous naloxone, although it reduced the severity of the itching, did not reduce its overall incidence. Respiratory depression was not detected in any of the three groups.
A survey of practising psychiatrists' views on treatment of the depressions$$$ The views of practising psychiatrists on treatment of the depressions were investigated as part of a Quality Assurance Project. A one in six random sample of all Australian psychiatrists was mailed a questionnaire. This asked for treatment recommendations for each of five case descriptions of patients with depression. Respondents were asked to code their treatment plans from a glossary listing possible treatments for depression: 85% of the sample responded. Tricyclic antidepressants were the treatment of choice for two cases of endogenous depression, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) being recommended when psychotic features were present or when drug therapy had failed. Psychotherapies were the treatment of choice for cases with neurotic features, drugs being recommended when improvement with psychotherapy did not occur.
Relative efficacy rates for therapies of delusional depression$$$ The treatment responses of 597 patients with delusional depression from 17 studies were compared. Patients were treated with either tricyclic antidepressants (TCAs), antipsychotics (APs), the combination of TCA/AP, or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The overall responses were 34% in the group treated with TCA, 51% in the AP group, 77% in the TCA/AP group, and 82% in the ECT group. Prospective studies to define the risk/benefit ratios of the more effective therapies, TCA/AP and ECT, are needed.
Missed and brief seizures during ECT: Differential response between unilateral and bilateral electrode placement$$$ The number of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) stimulations over a course of treatment that resulted in brief or no seizure activity was evaluated for depressed patients (N = 58, treated for DSM-III diagnosed major depressive disorder) who had been randomly assigned to either bilateral or unilateral nondominant ECT in a double-blind study. Comparable treatment efficacy between both groups was found. Although there were no group differences in brief seizures, unilateral nondominant ECT resulted in more missed seizures (p < 0.01) and required more restimulations than bilateral ECT. Of 27 unilateral ECT patients, 63% had at least one missed seizure over the course of treatment, compared to 29% of 31 bilateral ECT patients (p < 0.02). Although more missed seizures occurred early in treatment, brief seizures occurred later in treatment. As missed seizures are not always detected clinically, it is possible that without seizure monitoring, patients with unilateral nondominant ECT will not improve at the same rate as patients with bilateral ECT. Lack of seizure monitoring in the clinic is one likely explanation for the discrepancy between a number of research studies reporting equivalent efficacy for bilateral and unilateral ECT and the clinical impression that bilateral ECT is more effective.
Comparing bilateral to unilateral electroconvulsive therapy in a randomized study with EEG monitoring$$$ In a double-blind study, 48 DSM-III depressed patients were randomly assigned to either the bilateral or nondominant unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) group. Seizure length was monitored by electroencephalography (EEG). When seizures were less than 25 s, ECT was immediately readministered. When length of seizures and pretreatment depression scores were controlled between the two groups, there were no differences in treatment effectiveness, as measured by the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression and the Beck Depression Inventory, or in the number of treatments required. This was true after five ECT treatments as well as after completing all ECT treatments. Thus, when ECT is monitored via EEG to assure the presence of an adequate seizure, bilateral and nondominant unilateral placement yield equivalent responses. If ECT had not been readministered immediately following a missed seizure, unilateral patients would have had significantly more missed seizures. Significant difficulties in both short- and long-term memory were found 24 hours after the fifth ECT in bilateral but not in nondominant unilateral patients. No apparent memory loss could be documented in nondominant unilateral ECT.
Opioid regulation of hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal function in depression$$$ A morphine infusion paradigm was used to investigate opioid mechanisms in the regulation of the hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal (HPA) axis in depression. The subjects were unmedicated psychiatric inpatients and healthy volunteers. Morphine suppressed cortisol secretion. Early resumption of cortisol secretion was associated with a diagnosis of major depression and abnormal dexamethasone suppression test results. Our data suggest that the hyperactivity of the HPA axis observed in depression is abnormally resistant to opioid inhibition as well as glucocorticoid feedback.
Treatment of depression in the elderly$$$ Depression is a common psychiatric disorder in old age. It often presents a diagnostic challenge, but adequate treatment in the majority of cases leads to recovery. Clarification of diagnosis helps in the choice of appropriate treatment(s) and setting. Non-psychotic major depressive episodes without imminent life-threatening risk can usually be treated with tricyclic or tetracyclic antidepressant. Previous response to antidepressant, coexisting physical problems, and potential side effects may guide the choice of therapy. Adequate treatment trials are achieved only when appropriate doses are maintained for at least three to four weeks. Lithium carbonate may be the treatment of choice for bipolar affective disorder and an important therapeutic tool in treatment-resistant depressions. Monoamine oxidase inhibitors may also be useful when tricyclic or tetracyclic antidepressants have failed. Although antipsychotic medication may be used in the treatment of psychotic depression, electroconvulsive therapy remains the treatment of choice for psychotic or life-threatening depressions. Depressions secondary to physical or psychiatric disorders may also respond to specific antidepressant therapy after the primary, underlying problem is controlled or corrected.
Influence of ACTH 4-10 and unilateral ECT on primary and secondary memory in depressive patients$$$ Primary and secondary memory were tested in depressive patients by means of immediate free recall of lists of words in a double blind intraindividual cross-over comparison between ACTH 4-10 in a single s.c. dose and placebo, in connection with the second and third unilateral electroconvulsive treatment (ECT). The results of the study did not show any memory facilitating effect of ACTH 4-10 in immediate recall from primary and secondary memory, after ECT. The results indicate a negative effect of ECT on delayed recall from secondary memory 120 min after ECT.
Intramuscular naloxone reverses the side effects of epidural morphine while preserving analgesia$$$ Sixteen consecutive patients who underwent cesarean section under epidural analgesia received epidural morphine sulfate (EMS) 10 mg in 10 ml of normal saline in the recovery room. Patients were randomly divided into two groups. Group I received naloxone 0.4 mg intramuscularly at 2 and 8 hours after EMS. Group II received no naloxone. Both groups were evaluated for respiratory rate, paCO2, analgesia, and side effects consisting of itching, nausea, and sedation over a 9-hour period. In Group I, a PaCO2 increase of 7 mm Hg from baseline 8 hours after EMS was partially reversed (decrease of 3 mm Hg) 1 hour after the second dose of IM naloxone (P < .05). Other side effects were decreased as well, while analgesia was unchanged. Changes in respiratory rate did not correlate with PaCO2 increase after EMS (r=-0.08). This study suggests that intramuscular naloxone partially reverses respiratory depression from epidural morphine, while preserving analgesia. Respiratory rate does not indicate degree of respiratory depression in the ranges experienced in our study.
The trials of ECT.$$$ Since its introduction in 1934, electroconvulsive therapy has been subjected to a large number of clinical trials of varying methodological sophistication. Although doubts continue to be expressed about the efficacy of ECT, there is a remarkable degree of unanimity in the findings of trials published over a period of 50 years: improvement rates in depression of 70-80 per cent, compared with 20-30 per cent in untreated controls. The principal caveat is that ECT is not a ubiquitous treatment, even in the field of depression, and only patients with endogenous illnesses, whether unipolar or bipolar, can be expected to respond. Even among these, ECT cannot be expected to prevent the relapses in an illness whose underlying course is episodic. The published studies leave little doubt that ECT is statistically more effective than any of the antidepressant drugs, although the relative difference in outcome between the 2 forms of therapy is small, and drugs are to be preferred in mild or moderate cases. However, ECT is an effective and rapidly acting treatment for severe depressive illness, and the rapidity of the response makes its early use desirable in patients at risk of suicide, and those showing marked retardation, agitation and weight loss.
Efficacy of ECT: A meta-analysis$$$ The authors analyzed several rigorously controlled studies that compared the efficacy of ECT with that of simulated ECT, placebo, and antidepressants. The data from these studies were combined statistically (with the Mantel-Haenszel method for the combination of fourfold tables), showing ECT's clear superiority over all these other forms of treatment for severe depression. The authors similarly analyzed the data from several studies comparing the efficacy of unilateral nondominant ECT with that of bilateral ECT and found no significant difference in their efficacy.
Efficacy of patient-controlled versus conventional analgesia of postoperative pain$$$ Patient-controlled i.v. administration and intramuscular administration of morphine sulfate were compared in a crossover study to determine their relative effectiveness in relieving postoperative pain. Twenty adult patients scheduled for abdominal surgery were randomly assigned to one of two groups; one group received i.v. morphine sulfate for 24 hours using a patient-controlled analgesia (PCA) device, after which they were given morphine sulfate i.m. for 24 hours. The treatment order was reversed for the other group. Amount of narcotic administered, respiratory rate, and levels of discomfort, activity, and sedation were assessed by the nursing staff every two hours. At the end of each 24-hour treatment phase, patients ranked their level of pain, amount of pain relief, level of sedation, ability to sleep, and ability to perform pulmonary toilet. Patients were also asked whether they preferred PCA or i.m. analgesic therapy for future surgery. Patients reported significantly less discomfort while using PCA than during i.m. morphine administration. No significant differences in amount of narcotic used, respiratory rate, nausea and vomiting, or levels of activity of sedation were noted for the two regimens. Patients' rankings of the two treatment modes did not differ significantly, but a majority of patients indicated a preference for future use of PCA. In these postoperative patients, administration of i.v. morphine sulfate by PCA was as safe as i.m. administration and possibly more effective in relieving pain.
The Nottingham ECT study. A double-blind comparison of bilateral, unilateral and simulated ECT in depressive illness$$$ Sixty nine patients took part in a double-bind study to investigate the efficacy of bilateral, unilateral, and simulated ECT in the treatment of depressive illness. The findings suggest that both bilateral and unilateral ECT are highly effective treatments for depression and are significantly superior to simulated ECT. There was also evidence that patients receiving bilateral ECT recovered more rapidly than those receiving unilateral ECT and required significantly fewer treatments. The relevance of these findings to clinical practice is discussed.
Short-term cognitive effects of unilateral and bilateral ECT$$$ We administered an extensive battery of primarily non-memory neuropsychological tasks to 37 patients with endogenous depression, randomly assigned to either bilateral (B/ECT) or unilateral (U/ECT) electroconvulsive therapy. Testing was done prior to therapy and again shortly after the sixth induced seizure. The two groups did not significantly differ in cognitive impairment, either before or after treatment, and within-group cognitive changes following treatment were small. We conclude that neither B/ECT nor U/ECT substantially worsen non-memory cognitive performance in depressed patients, yet both result in significant clinical improvement.
Leicester ECT trial: Results in schizophrenia$$$ As part of the Leicester electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) study, the role of ECT in schizophrenia was investigated in a double-blind trial. The Present State Examination criteria for schizophrenia were fulfilled by 22 patients, of whom 19 gave consent and entered the trial. Neuroleptic medication was restricted during the trial period. Patients were randomly allocated to eight real ECT or eight simulated ECT. At the end of the four-week trial period, patients receiving real ECT showed a significantly greater improvement when measured on the Montgomery-Asberg Schizophrenia Scale (MASS), the visual analogue global psychopathology scale, and the depression scale. The differences on the MASS and visual analogue global psychopathology scale were not due to improvement in depressive symptoms. The superiority of real ECT was not demonstrated at the 12- and 28-week follow-up, when treatment was not controlled.
Electrophysiological and hormonal responses to three types of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Patients were treated with three different types of electroconvulsive therapy in random order in the first three sessions of their courses. Anaesthetic and muscle relaxants were administered in standard doses, and treatment applied a set time after bolus injection. Electroencephalographic recordings were undertaken before, during, and after treatment, and hormonal measures before and after. The responses to treatment differed between the three types of current in both EEG and prolactin measures. It is suggested that the quality of the convulsive response varies with different currents.
Electroconvulsive therapy in 1985. A review$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has recently been re-examined in randomized, double-blind controlled trials. Although a variable placebo influence has been demonstrated, the effectiveness of ECT in severe depression is now well established. ECT may also have a role in the treatment of resistant schizophrenia. A bilateral convulsion is essential for therapeutic efficiency. Unilateral electrode placement is as effective as bilateral placement and reduces subsequent memory impairment considerably. A reduction in the total energy used to produce the convulsion (with unidirectional squared wave forms and brief pulses) lessens cognitive difficulties after ECT. Long-term memory is not impaired but selective impairment of verbal and non-verbal learning can occur in the short term. Psychopharmacological studies suggest that postsynaptic dopamine transmission may be enhanced by ECT.
A comparison of single doses of naproxen sodium, morphine sulfate, and placebo in patients with postoperative pain$$$ A double-blind study compared the analgesic efficacy of naproxen sodium, morphine sulfate and placebo in 90 hospitalized patients with postoperative pain. A single oral dose of 550 mg of naproxen sodium was as effective in one hour as a single injectable dose of 10 mg of morphine; from three to six hours after dosing, naproxen sodium provided significantly greater pain relief than either morphine or placebo (p < 0.05). These results were demonstrated by pain intensity difference (PID) scores as well as overall pain relief scores. Side effects reported during the study were of mild intensity. Thus, naproxen sodium, a non-narcotic analgesic agent, was shown to be a remarkably effective drug that lacks the serious side effects such as respiratory depression, habituation and addiction that are often associated with narcotic analgesics.
Prediction of relapse with the TRH test and prophylactic amitriptyline in 39 patients with endogenous depression$$$ The authors conducted a double-blind prospective study of 39 patients with unipolar endogenous depression who recovered after ECT. Thyrotropin (TSH)-releasing hormone (TRH) tests were performed before and after ECT. Patients were divided into three groups on the basis of their altered TSH response: Persistent remission was predicted for patients in group 1 (N = 15) and relapse was predicted for groups 2A (N = 13) and 2B (N = 11). Patients in groups 1 and 2A received placebo and those in group 2B received amitriptyline for 6 months. Fewer relapses occurred in groups 1 and 2B than in group 2A (p < .05), showing that relapse can be predicted by the TRH test and prevented by amitriptyline.
Memory self-ratings before and after electroconvulsive therapy: Depression- versus ECT induced$$$ The Squire Self-rating Scale of Memory Function was administered to 28 depressed inpatients before and after electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), with random assignment to bilateral or unilateral electrode placement. Several memory changes differentiated between bilateral and unilateral ECT following treatment (p < 0.05). Memory complaints arising from ECT were distinguished from those due to depression.
Double-blind comparison of alprazolam versus imipramine in the inpatient treatment of major depressive illness$$$ As part of an ongoing longitudinal clinical investigation of amine receptor regulation in major depressive disorder (MDD), we have examined the clinical response of inpatients treated with either alprazolam, imipramine, or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The objective of this investigation was to examine potential effects of alprazolam on monoamine receptor and neuroendocrine parameters in comparison with more standard antidepressant treatments. While our findings related to the biological markers have been described elsewhere (Lenox et al., 1983), this report outlines the data related to the clinical response of an initial sample of patients involved in our research program.
Antidepressant withdrawal-induced activation (hypomania and mania): Mechanism and theoretical significance$$$ Electrocortical and behavioral arousal are separate phenomena subserved by different neural substrata operating in parallel. A comprehensive theory of 'activation' must take into account the relationships between the electrical and behavioral activating systems. In pathological or experimentally induced states paradoxes, resolvable by a theory positing functional interaction between these systems, arise. EEG arousal is directly mediated, in both the waking and sleeping state, by cholinergic mechanisms. Antidepressant withdrawal precipitates cholinergic overdrive; this would account for the apparent disturbances of REM sleep occurring when antidepressants are stopped. Generally, cholinergic overdrive would produce behavioral inhibition but in particular instances it triggers marked psychomotor arousal by mobilizing a 'limbic activating system'. The existence of a monoaminergic 'limbic activating system', system 'A', with the properties attributed to it in this paper, is supported by both clinical and laboratory observations. System 'A' theory provides a parsimonious means of adequately explaining many phenomena. This theory also has in its favor explanatory power and scope. The Cholinergic-Monoaminergic Interaction Theory of antidepressant withdrawal induced activation and of rapidly-cycling manic-depressive illness maintains that system 'A' and a cholinergic inhibitory system interact dynamically, and that excessive monoaminergic function can precipitate excessive cholinergic function and a dearth of monoaminergic function (due to autoregulation) and hence depression. Likewise, excessive cholinergic function is posited to activate monoaminergic systems and hence to secondarily cause behavioral activation. Rapidly-cycling manic-depressive patients, according to the model, develop alternating cholinergic and monoaminergic overdrive states because the homeostatic mechanisms which should serve to maintain, within normal limits, the composite of cholinergic inhibitory and monoaminergic activating influences are defective. Consequently, rather than reaching a reasonable balance compatible with adaptive function there is oscillation between extremes. Each oscillatory movement is actually a move towards the 'golden mean' and is induced by deviation from this ideal but the defective homeostatic mechanisms promote 'perpetual' overshooting. Lithium and ECT may be useful in the treatment of rapidly-cycling patients as both treatments may downregulate muscarinic receptors, and otherwise modify cholinergic and monoaminergic systems in ways promoting homeostasis. In contrast, tricyclics, drugs which up-regulate muscarinic receptors or otherwise render cholinergic systems supersensitive, can precipitate rapid-cycling. Tricyclic withdrawal may produce hypomania or mania by cholinergic mobilization of properly primed monoaminergic pathways. The model set forth, the Cholinergic-Monoaminergic Interaction Theory, incorporates the cholinergic-adrenergic and catecholamine hypotheses of affective disorders. It is not, however a hypothesis or set of unrelated hypotheses but an actual theory to be evaluated on the basis of its explanatory power and scope, parsimony and utility in generating testable questions for investigation by clinicians and basic scientists. This theory suggests new ways of studying the pathophysiology of affective disorders using pharmacological probes, neurophysiological techniques, and PET strategies. Thus the Cholinergic-Monoaminergic Interaction Theory not only explains a plethora of observations, some of which are otherwise paradoxical, but also has heuristic value to be capitalized on in the study of affective disorders.
Memory test performance under three different waveforms of ECT for depression$$$ Thirty-eight patients suffering from severe depression were given a course of ECT (Electronvulsive therapy) in one of the three waveforms. These were high-energy sine wave (HS), high-energy pulse (HP), and low-energy pulse (LP). Patients were assigned to one of these treatments on a double-blind basis. The patients were given a battery of memory tests before ECT commenced, after three treatments, af the termination of treatment, and two weeks after the last treatment. The marked improvement in both verbal and nonverbal memory scores was attributed to the lifting of depression. No significant differences were found between the memory scores of the three treatment groups at any point during the treatment period.
Dexamethasone in electroconvulsive therapy: Efficacy for depression and post-ECT amnesia$$$ Dexamethasone, compared to placebo in a double-blind study, failed to prevent the memory deficiency that typically accompanies electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) (n = 48 patients treated for DSM-III diagnosed major depressive disorder). Rather, the administration of the drug was associated with attention (p < 0.02) and short-term memory (p < 0.0003) difficulties in both bilateral and unilateral ECT patients. Bilateral ECT plus dexamethasone patients had significantly less improvement (p < 0.05) in their depression (measured by the Hamilton Depression Scale) compared to bilateral ECT plus placebo patients. These depression differences were not seen among unilateral ECT patients.
Profile of clinical efficacy and side effects of carbamazepine in psychiatric illness: Relationship to blood and CSF levels of carbamazepine and its -10,11-epoxide metabolite$$$ Carbamazepine appears to have a unique spectrum of efficacy in paroxysmal pain, affective, and itcal syndromes. As such, it has a different spectrum from that of lithium carbonate, which is relatively more limited to mania and depression, or from that of the classical neuroleptics which are effective in mania and schizophrenia. It is of interest that the only other treatment sharing this range of efficacy is electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Thus, a question is raised as to why the anticonvulsant carbamazepine and the major seizures of ECT have overlapping therapeutic indications. One approach to this paradox is our recent finding that ECT in the rat may exert potent anti-kindling and anticonvulsant effects either when administered six hours prior to amygdala-kindled seizures or when a series of seven once-daily ECTs are administered following the first amygdala-kindled seizure. This latter series of ECT exerts a long-lasting anti-kindling effect and further suggests the possibility that the ability of ECT, and perhaps carbamazepine, to stabilize limbic system excitability may be related to their therapeutic efficacy in affective illness. Carbamazepine has a wide range of effects on classical neurotransmitter, as well as recently-discovered putative peptide neurotransmitter, modulator substances in the brain. It remains for further investigation and clarification to assess whether these effects, and their possible mediation of the regional selectivity of carbamazepine's effects on the limbic system, are related to the spectrum of clinical efficacy across a variety of paroxysmal neuropsychiatric syndromes.
Electroconvulsive therapy: Results in depressive illness from the Leicestershire trial$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy was investigated in a double-blind trial. Altogether 186 clinically selected patients were referred to the trial, but 48 of these did not participate. According to the present state examination, 95 of the remaining 138 patients fell into one of the classes of major depression. Patients were randomly allocated to a course of real or simulated electroconvulsive therapy. Treatment was given twice a week with a maximum of eight treatments. On the Hamilton depressive rating scale the improvement in the group given real treatment was significantly greater than that in the group given simulated treatment both at two weeks (p = 0.014) and at four weeks (p = 0.0001). At follow up at 12 and 28 weeks there was no difference between the treatment groups. At the end of the four week trial consultants, who were blind to the allocation of treatment, rated the patients who had received renal treatment as having made a significantly greater improvement than the patients who had received simulated treatment (p < 0.00005). Further analysis showed that electroconvulsive therapy was effective in depression associated with delusions and in depression associated with retardation.
Psychopharmacologic intervention for depression in the elderly$$$ This paper will review the psychopharmacologic treatment of depression. It will critically review those studies that evaluated various psychotropic agents in the treatment of depression. Following that, clinical guidelines for the use of these drugs in the treatment of depression will be discussed. This paper will be limited to a review of psychotropic drugs. The research on electroconvulsive therapy, other somatic therapies, and individual and group psychotherapies will not be discussed, as they are not relevant to the task of this paper.
Classification of depression and response to antidepressive therapies$$$ Two hundred inpatients suffering from primary depressive illness were studied. Seventy eight of the patients were treated by electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) and 122 patients received antidepressant medication. Response to ECT and antidepressant medication at 4 weeks showed a curvilinear relationship to Newcastle scores. Patients with Newcastle scores in the middle range (4-8) showed significantly higher percentage improvement than those with low (0-3) and high (9-12) scores. Ninety five patients with unipolar depression who received lithium therapy for one year were also studied. Response to lithium showed a linear relationship to Newcastle scores in these patients. It is suggested that these differences in response to antidepressant therapies reflect the heterogeneity of depressive illness.
Effects of ECT on pituitary hormone release: Relationship to seizure, clinical variables and outcome$$$ Prolactin, cortisol, growth hormone and TSH serum levels (before and 15 minutes after treatment) were measured in 62 patients with endogenous depression randomly allocated to real or pseudo-ECT. Prolactin increased significantly more in those receiving real ECT than in those receiving pseudo-ECT, but the size of this effect had diminished by the time of the last (8th) treatment in the trial. Cortisol secretion was also significantly increased following the first treatment by real ECT, but this increase was of significantly smaller size in patients with delusions. Tolerance to the effects of ECT on cortisol secretion was not observed. No effects of ECT on growth hormone or TSH secretion were detected, and no clear evidence was obtained that endocrine responses can be used as a predictor of response to ECT.
Estrogen in the treatment of depression: Neuropharmacological mechanisms$$$ Estrogen's neuropharmacological profile fits well into current theories of the possible models of action of antidepressant treatments. Estrogen enhances central norepinephrine availability and induces various changes in adrenergic, serotonergic, and dopaminergic receptor mechanisms. Further evaluation of estrogen's antidepressant activity seems indicated, particularly of its possible role as a potentiator of drug or electroconvulsive therapy in treatment resistant patients. Clinical research evaluation might include the possibility of differential estrogenic effects in various subtypes of depressed patients, e.g., patients with proven estrogen deficiency vs. patients with normal plasma levels; and unipolar vs. bipolar patients.
Effects of ECT and depression on various aspects of memory$$$ Seventy severely depressed patients randomly assigned to receive 8 real or sham ECT were further subdivided on the basis of degree of recovery from depression afterwards. In comparison to a non-depressed control group the depressed patients were impaired on a wide range of tests of memory and concentration prior to treatment, but afterwards performance on most of the tests had improved. Real ECT induced impairments of concentration, short-term memory and learning, but significantly facilitated access to remote memories. At 6 month follow-up all differences between real and sham ECT groups had disappeared. On the majority of tests the previously depressed patients now performed at the same level as the control group. There was some evidence that a subgroup of treatment-resistant patients (poor outcome after real ECT) were significantly more likely to complain of memory problems 6 months later.
Bilateral versus unilateral electroconvulsive therapy: Efficacy in melancholia$$$ The authors compared the therapeutic efficacy of bilateral and unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) in 51 patients with endogenous depression who were randomly assigned to bilateral (N = 24) or unilateral (N = 27) ECT. Seizures were monitored by oscilloscope. After 6 treatments blind assessment on a modified Hamilton depression scale showed an 81.1% inprovement in the bilateral group compared with a 55.5% improvement in the unilateral group. Additional treatments were prescribed ad libitum by a hospital psychiatrist who was unaware of each patient's electrode placement. The unilateral group received more total treatments and were more frequently switched to bilateral ECT. These results were independent of age, severity of illness, or sedative drug administration.
Psychotic vs. nonpsychotic depression: Comparison of treatment response$$$ This retrospective study compared the treatment responses of 34 primary, unipolar depressives without psychotic features and 30 with psychotic features. Patients were diagnosed by Research Diagnostic Criteria and received trials of tricyclic antidepressants, antipsychotics, the combination of the two, electroconvulsive therapy, or placebo and psychotherapy. Only three of 18 psychotic patients vs. 17 of 23 nonpsychotic patients responded to antidepressants alone. Electroconvulsive therapy and the combination of antipsychotic and antidepressant medication gave better responses. These data suggest that major depressive disorder with psychotic features is best considered as a distinct subtype rather than a severe variant of major depression.
A double-blind controlled comparison of the therapeutic effects of low and high energy electroconvulsive therapies$$$ Patients were randomly allocated to treatment with either low energy pulses, high energy pulses, or high energy sinusoidal wave ECT and, despite the induction of convulsions of similar duration, were found to respond at different rates and to a different degree, depending on whether low or high energy currents were used. It is suggested that the quantity of current, as well as the induction of a convulsion, is relevant to therapeutic outcome with ECT. A reexamination of previous work shows that this is not necessarily inconsistent with these findings, which also explain the contradictory results in recent controlled trials of ECT.
Comparison of electroconvulsive therapy with imipramine in endogenous depression: A double blind study$$$ Electroconvulsive therapy was compared with imipramine in the treatment of endogenous depression in a double blind randomized controlled trial. Both treatments produced equally significant improvement which was equally maintained till the end of six months. However ECT produced its effects quicker with lesser subjective side effects to the patient. ECT did not cause any organic brain dysfunction as assessed at the end of three and six months.
The value of cytidine-5-diphosphate-choline in the prevention of impairment of memory function after electric convulsive therapy. A double-blind study$$$ A double-blind study of the effect of CDP-choline on memory impairment following bilateral ECT was performed on 22 inpatients suffering from endogenous depression. Memory scores were checked after 2 and 4 ECT sessions, and the length of the post-ECT confusional state was also measured. The results show no statistically significant differences between the reduced memory scores obtained by both groups. Our findings do not support the hypothesis that CDP-choline affords protection against ECT-induced memory dysfunction in depression cases.
Amoxapine: A review of its pharmacology and efficacy in depressed states$$$ Amoxapine is an N-demethylated dibenzoazepine closely related to the neuroleptic loxapine. Its tricyclic structure appears to give it antidepressant properties to resembling imipramine and amitryptyline. In uncontrolled trials it was shown to have antidepressant activity in usual doses up to 200 to 400 mg daily. In placebo and double-blind controlled studies comparing amoxapine with the standard tricyclic antidepressants imipramine and amitriptyline, it was shown to be comparable in efficacy with a possibly somewhat faster onset of improvement of selected symptoms of depression in some studies. Because of the small study groups and lack of placebo control, many reports do not show statistically significant differences of treatment over standard drugs. To date there have been no studies comparing amoxapine with electroconvulsive therapy. Side effects were qualitatively similar to standard drugs with a suggestion that in standard doses or overdose myocardial effects are mild. However, the final place of amoxapine in the therapy of depressed states is still to be decided.
Hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal axis abnormality and ECT response$$$ Response to electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was assessed in 42 depressed patients grouped by dexamethasone suppression test (DST) response. Patients with initially abnormal DST results had better outcomes according to global ratings than did patients with initially normal DST results; final Hamilton Rating Scale scores did not distinguish these two groups, however. No group had an outcome that was clearly poor; only three (14.3%) patients with initially normal DST results were rated as unimproved at discharge. The results of this and other studies attempting to predict response to ECT are sensitive to the heterogeneity of patients referred for ECT, the timing and type of outcome assessment, and the differential action of placebo effects.
Electroconvulsive treatment. Therapeutic and deleterious effects$$$ Along with psychosurgery, electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) has become the symbol of all the shortcomings of psychiatry, and has been rejected as therapeutically worthless and brain disabling. Many studies, however, show that ECT is effective in severe depression (manic-depressive disease and endogenous depression). Compared to use of antidepressant drugs or placebo the difference is so marked that we are entitled to ask if there exists any medical treatment of equal efficiency. Even though electrical stimulation must be regarded as radical, the treatment is well tolerated, usually better than the alternatives. Thus, depression combined with somatic disease or old age is rather an argument for than against ECT. In addition, agitation, refusal to eat, suicidal impulses or marked paranoid ideas are weighty indications. Ordinarily, ECT is resorted to when antidepressants have failed.
Biological relationships between mania and melancholia$$$ Although opposite mood and psychomotor disturbances usually occur in mania and melancholia, clinical features may also be shared in common or may be present at the same time in both phases of manic-depressive psychosis. In a parallel fashion, most pharmacological agents are selectively effective in one mood phase (tricyclics and monoamine oxidase inhibitors for depression, and neuroleptics for mania) and frequently precipitate or exacerbate the opposite phase. These agents, therefore, may be affecting biological substrates mediating the opposing phase of affective illness. With the exception of electroconvulsive therapy and lithium chemotherapy, few treatments are effective in both mania and melancholia. It is noteworthy, therefore, that carbamazepine may be useful in the acute and prophylactic treatment of mania and melancholia, including some lithium non-responders and patients vulnerable to tricyclic-induced 'mood switches'. The clinical and biological effects of carbamazepine will be discussed with special emphasis on its biochemical action and the possible mechanisms by which it might influence biological substrates mediating both phases of manic-depressive illness. In addition, the theoretical implications of the presence of both shared and opposing clinical, pharmacological, and biochemical characteristics of the illness will be discussed.
The effect of treatment on the melancholias (depressions)$$$ The results described are based on data from 47 male and 83 female patients randomly assigned to treatment with imipramine or phenelzine in an open trial. All were fresh (untreated) cases diagnosed as suffering from depressive illness (melancholia). They were rated before treatment and 2 and four months later. Imipramine did not given results which were significantly better than phenelzine. With both drugs it was found that patients had done either very well or very poorly at follow-up, i.e. the distribution of scores was U-shaped (or bimodal at the least). The 55 men and 90 women who were unsuitable for treatment with drugs or who had failed to respond to such treatment were given a course of ECT and followed-up at corresponding intervals. The improvement after ECT was better than with drugs and the distribution of scores is quite different. An earlier series of male patients treated with ECT in the pre-drug days did not show as good a response to the treatment.
Lithium continuation therapy following electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Thirty-eight depressed patients who were treated with ECT were randomly assigned to receive lithium therapy or identical-looking placebo tablets for one year after clinical recovery in a double-blind trial. The patients who received placebo tablets spent an average of 7.8 weeks with an episode of depression (either as in-patients or day-patients) during the year. In comparison, patients who received lithium spent on average 1.7 weeks with an episode (P<0.02). The trial confirms the high rate of relapses after ECT and suggests that lithium considerably reduces this morbidity. It is suggested that ECT without continuation therapy is not a satisfactory treatment of depressive illness.
Evaluation of cognitive effects of ECT (preliminary observations)$$$ The aim of the present double blind controlled study was to evaluate the effects of ECT is schizophrenia and depression. 20 depressed and 20 schizophrenic patients of either sex, 18 to 65 years, fulfilling the inclusion and exclusion criteria were studied. The psychiatric evaluation were carried out before the treatment, and at the end of 3, 6, 8 and 10 treatments. Cognitive test battery was administered before the treatment and 48 hours after the last treatment. No post-ECT cognitive deficit was observed on the test battery though some patients did complain of forgetfulness subjectively.
Comparative onset of improvement in depressive symptomatology with drug treatment, electroconvulsive therapy, and placebo$$$ Depressive symptomatology responds very similarly to treatment with trazodone, imipramine, placebo, and electroconvulsive therapy. In one study positive therapeutic response was evident within the 1st week of therapy in most patients. If this did not occur, an unfavorable response to treatment was likely to follow. The close resemblance of the electroconvulsive therapy response profiles to those of antidepressant drugs and placebo suggests that it exerts similar effects and that all of the treatments examined probably operate through a final common pathway in those patients who respond. Among the nonresponders, there were few features that distinguished the therapeutic groups.
The effect of fronto-frontal and temporo-parietal unilateral ECT on retrograde memory$$$ An intraindividual, double-blind crossover comparison of the retrograde effect on memory of unilateral nondominant fronto-frontal and temporoparietal ECT was performed in connection with the second and third treatments of an ECT series. Treatment technique was standardized and seizure duration was measured by means of EEG. Memory functions were examined 1 hr before and 2 hr after ECT. Three operationally defined memory variables: immediate memory, delayed memory, and their difference, forgetting, were scored. There were no differences between fronto-frontal and temporo-parietal ECT in regard to the amount of methohexital and suxamethonium chloride employed, the mean time of electrical stimulation, and the seizure duration. There were significantly higher delayed memory and lower forgetting scores after fronto-frontal electrode placement.
Electric convulsion therapy in depression: A double-blind controlled trial$$$ The therapeutic effect of simulated and real bilateral electric convulsion therapy was examined in a double-blind, randomised trial on 22 patients with primary depressive illness. Each treatment was given twice weekly for three weeks and the results assessed by the psychiatrist using a visual analogue rating scale, nurses using a nine-point rating scale, and the patients themselves using the Beck Depression Inventory. With all three methods of assessment patients given the real treatment substantially improved (p <0.001), whereas those given simulated treatment showed little change. Three weeks after substituting real treatment for simulated, however, these patients were also significantly improved (psychiatrist's rating p <0.001; nurses' rating p <0.005; Beck inventory p <0.005). These findings confirm the value of electric convulsion therapy in severe depressive illness and strongly suggest that the convulsion is important for the therapeutic effect.
Research on the results of psychotherapy: A summary of evidence$$$ The authors present a basic overview of recent research on the outcome of psychotherapy, considering different types of therapy and different diagnostic categories separately. In some studies psychotherapy was more efficacious than spontaneous remission or placebo effects, especially in cases of anxiety and in nonpsychotic depression. As an adjunct to drugs and/or ECT, psychotherapy was effective in lowering the relapse rate of schizophrenicoutpatients. Psychotherapy appeared to be more effective when focusing on realistic, relevant issues and when teaching social skills. Family therapy may be the most robust mode in terms of consistent positive results with different problems. Although results continue to be mixed, methodological progress is apparent and optimism for continued progress is warranted.
ACTH(4-10) and memory in ECT-treated and untreated patients. I. Effect on consolidation$$$ The aim of the study was to investigate the possible effect of a single dose of ACTH(4-10) (30 mg subcutaneously) on memory as measured with a test battery appropriate for the study of 'consolidation'. Twenty depressive inpatients participated in the intraindividual double-blind cross-over comparison between ACTH(4-10) and placebo in connection with the second and third treatment in the ECT series. ACTH(4-10) (or placebo) was administered subcutaneously 30 min after unilateral ECT. Memory functions were examined 90 min before and 150 min after the administration of the drug. A similar design was used in a study of 20 inpatients with neurotic depression not treated with ECT. The results of both studies give no evidence of a positive influence of a single dose of ACTH(4-10) on consolidation of memory. Possible sources of error are discussed.
ACTH(4-10) and memory in ECT-treated patients and untreated controls. II. Effect on retrieval$$$ The aim of the investigation was to find whether a single dose of ACTH(4-10) could alleviate the retrograde dysmnesic effects of unilateral ECT and improve retrieval. Twenty depressive inpatients participated in the study, which was a double-blind intraindividual cross-over comparison between ACTH(4-10) (30 mg subcutaneously) and placebo. The drug was administered 150 min after learning and 90 min after the second or third ECT unilateral treatment. Retrieval was tested 30 min after the administration of the drug. An identical design was used in 20 unmedicated healthy female subjects. The results of both studies give no support to the hypothesis that a single dose of ACTH(4-10) facilitates memory retrieval.
Comparison of nondominant unilateral and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy. Clinical efficiency and side effects$$$ In a double-blind study 100 patients were treated either with conventional ECT or with unilateral ECT. The majority suffered from depressive illness, mainly endogenous depression. On average, they were hospitalized 41 days and unsuccessfully treated with antidepressants and other psychoactive drugs before ECT was given as a last treatment resort. ECT efficiency was evaluated by: (1) clinical evaluation, (2) AMP documentation, (3) the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression, and (4) the von Zerssen Mood Scale. Side effects were evaluated by a test (1) for vigilance (tachistoscopic threshold), (2) for verbal and visual memory, (3) for performance, (4) for concept formation, and (5) the Benton test. Results: There was no difference in clinical efficiency between the two methods. As for side effects, unilateral ECT produced fewer organic brain syndromes and less impairment of verbal memory and performance. Total side effects were significantly less. There was no significant difference between the two methods with regard to vigilance, visual memory, and concept formation. One week after ECT, in both groups there was a significant increase in vigilance and visual memory in comparison to the results before ECT; the unilateral group also showed significant increase in verbal memory and concentration.
The Northwick Park electroconvulsive therapy trial$$$ Seventy patients with endogenous depression, defined by strict criteria, who fulfilled the Newcastle indications for electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were randomly allocated either to a course of 8 simulated ECTs or to a course of 8 real ECTs. The improvement in terms of psychiatrists' ratings in the group of patients given real ECT was significantly greater (p < 0.01) than that in those given simulated ECT, but the difference between the two groups was small in relation to the considerable improvement of both groups over the 4-week treatment period. No differences were found between the two groups at one-month and six-month follow-up. The therapeutic benefits of electrically induced convulsions in depression were of lesser magnitude and were more transient than has sometimes been claimed. In the real-ECT group memory was impaired during treatment but memory tests revealed no differences between the groups at six-month follow-up.
Evaluation of unilateral electro-convulsive therapy. (A double blind study)$$$ A double blind study of 120 patients (90 schizophrenics and 30 depressives) who were divided equally into 3 groups, received either bilateral ECT, or unilateral application of electrodes on non-dominant hemisphere, or unilateral on dominant hemisphere. The 3 groups were compared regarding efficacy of the therapy, effects on memory, speed of recovery from each shock session and lastly changes in the EEG. It was found that all 3 techniques were more or less equal in therapeutic efficacy. There was no significant difference between them in the speed of recovery, nor in the EEG changes. The only difference was that in the field of memory; the unilateral non-dominant group showed a significant improvement in the 'immediate verbal recall' in particular. Results are discussed in view of the current literature on the subject.
Unilateral and bilateral ECT in elderly patients. A comparative study$$$ Twenty-nine depressed elderly patients receiving ECT were randomly assigned to a unilateral or bilateral group; post-ictal recovery times, memory changes, and clinical improvement during and after each course were measured by blind and independent observers. All patients but one showed full recovery on testing 3 weeks after treatment. There was no significant difference between the unilateral and bilateral groups either in terms of improvement or the number of treatments needed in each course. A good outcome was predicted by the presence of pathological guilt, impairment of work and interests, agitation, subjectively depressed mood, psychic anxiety and greater overall severity. Longer duration of illness predicted a relatively poor outcome. Memory functions showed uniform impairment before treatment, but during treatment all improved, with some changes reaching high statistical significance; on testing 3 weeks after treatment memory functions in all patients had reached normal values. There was no difference between the two groups. Post-ictal recovery times were significantly longer in the bilateral than in the unilateral group after the first treatment and after the fifth treatment more than three times as long. Recovery time showed a significant decrease during courses of unilateral treatment. There was a very low incidence of side-effects, and all were relatively mild. We conclude that unilateral ECT is a safe and highly effective treatment for selected elderly patients suffering from depression, but that there is nothing to be said for the continued use of bilateral ECT.
The treatment of psychotic major depressive disorder with drugs and electroconvulsive therapy$$$ A retrospective chart review of 54 patients demonstrating depression with psychotic symptoms was accomplished with the use of Research Diagnostic Criteria (RDC) for diagnosis of psychotic major affective disorder. Patients received adequate trials of either tricyclic antidepressants alone, antipsychotics, the two in combination, or electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Antidepressants alone were found to be ineffective or only partially effective in treating psychotic depression unless somatic or depressive delusions were the only psychotic symptoms. Antipsychotics alone were usually effective in providing at least a partial response, particularly with psychotic symptoms. Excellent responses of the depressive and psychotic elements were provided with ECT, ECT with antipsychotic medication, and the combination of antidepressant and antipsychotic medications. These latter treatments may be the most appropriate for depression with psychotic features.
ECT - Does it work?$$$ For many years there has been controversy as to the efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). Depending on the type of the disorder which ECT is used to treat, a reasonable degree of success can be confidently expected. The published evidence to support this view is discussed.
Addition of L-tryptophan to electroconvulsive treatment in endogenous depression. A double-blind study$$$ The combination of electroconvulsive treatment (ECT) and i.v. L-tryptophan (T) was compared with ECT and saline in a double-blind study comprising 20 patients with endogenous depression. No significant difference was found with regard to the number of ECT given nor in the rate of reduction of depressive symptoms. Except for a slight decrease of plasma total tryptophan in the placebo group, no differences were found in plasma total and free tryptophan nor in the concentration of total tryptophan in the cerebrospinal fluid.
Running through your mind$$$ While antidepressant medications and electroconvulsive therapy have been shown to be effective treatments for severe depresson, mild and moderate depressions seldom respond to medications and are usually managed by a variety of psychotherapies, all of which are equally and minimally beneficial. Clinical experience suggested that physical activity might be helpful in treating moderate depression. After reviewing the available literature (analogue studies suggested a negative correlation between exercise and depression), the authors conducted a clinical study comparing 10 week course of thrice weekly walking-jogging-running with 10 weeks of two different psychotherapies. Patients with moderate ('neurotic-reactive') depression were randomly assigned to the three treatments. Walking-jogging-running was at least as effective as either psychotherapy and cost a quarter as much to administer. Follow-up shows continued freedom from depression in runners, most of whom have continued the treatment on their own. Possible mechanisms of reaction will be discussed.
Sequential chemoimmunotherapy of colorectal cancer. Evaluation of methotrexate, Baker's antifol and levamisole$$$ Fifty-two untreated patients with colorectal cancer were randomized to receive 5-fluorouracil (5-FU) alternating either with methotrexate (MTX) or Baker's Antifol (BAF) with or without the immunostimulant, levamisole (Program I). Fifty-five patients who had received prior treatment were randomized to receive methyl-CCNU (Me) with MTX or BAF (Program II). Fifteen of these patients had failed to respond to initial therapy with 5-FU plus MTX or BAF and subsequently received Me plus the alternate antifol. Overall response rate for each of programs I and II was 10%. The responses were 1/11 with 5-FU-MTX plus levamisole, 2/12 with 5-FU-MTX, 1/8 with 5-FU-BAF plus levamisole, 0/8 with 5-FU-BAF, 2/20 with Me-MTX and 2/21 with Me-BAF. The median survival times (MST) for patients receiving Programs I and II were 10 and 5 months, respectively. The MST for all patients receiving MTX was significantly longer than that of patients receiving BAF. Survival was not influenced by levamisole administration. Both chemotherapy programs were well tolerated. The sequential administration of 4 active agents failed to improve the results of treatment of colorectal cancer.
Depressive symptomatology and drug response$$$ Rating scales have taken over the role of measuring depression in trials with antidepressants. A number of rating scales are in use, but none of these cover all aspects of depression. Different scales are required for different purposes. A multiaxial system of classification based on the therapeutic effects now seems possible. The profile of the various antidepressant treatments (ECT, tricyclic drugs, MAO-inhibitors, lithium, REM reduced sleep, and psychotherapy) indicates that multiaxial systems must include: personality variables: symptoms of depression, anger, and anxiety qualitatively different from symptoms of severity; psychogenesis; course; side-effects, and demographic variables. This treatment validated assessment has supported the dichotomy of affective illness into neurotic (depression versus anxiety) and in endogenous (unipolars versus bipolars) melancholia. As yet no data seem to indicate differences clinically between the various tricyclic antidepressants.
The effect of diazepam on the recovery of endogenously depressed patients$$$ Forty endogenously depressed patients given standard antidepressants and/or electroconvulsive therapy in a general hospital psychiatric ward were assessed using the short form of the Beck Depression Inventory and the Hamilton Depression Rating Scale. The patients were then randomly assigned to two groups: Under double-blind conditions, one group received in addition 20 mg diazepam per day and the other, identical placebos. No additional benzodiazepines were prescribed during the study. Standard therapy with tricyclic antidepressants or electric shock was determined by the patients' own psychiatrists. The assessments were repeated after ten days of diazepam or placebo treatment. Fourteen patients (seven in each group) also completed the Buss-Durkee Hostility Inventory. Results of the Beck Depression Inventory indicated that the addition of diazepam retarded the improvement of the patients receiving only tricyclic antidepressants but had no effect on the recovery of patients receiving electroconvulsive therapy.
Failure of L-triiodothyronine (T3) to potentiate tricyclic antidepressant response$$$ In a double-blind study, imipramine and L-triiodothyronine (T3) were compared with imipramine and placebo and with electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) given over a period of 5 wk to 12 female depressed patients divided into 3 groups. There was no significant difference between the antidepressant effects of the 3 modalities of treatment.
A comparison of electroconvulsive therapy and combined phenelzine-amitriptyline in refractory depression$$$ Combined monoamine oxidase (MAO) inhibitor-tricyclic antidepressant therapy and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) were compared in a population of refractory depressive patients. Seventeen patients were randomly assigned to either of the treatment groups, and an independent observer was used to rate overall progress. Between four and ten ECTs or a combination of phenelzine and amitriptyline were administered. Assays for MAO activity and plasma levels of amitriptyline and nortriptyline were performed. In both psychotic and neurotic depression, ECT was superior. When depression was accompanied by character disorder, the response was generally poor. Adequate levels of MAO inhibition were obtained, but tricyclic antidepressant levels were low. Electroconvulsive therapy is still considered to be the treatment of choice for severe depression, whereas the combination of low doses of phenelzine and amitriptyline is ineffective. This treatment modality needs further investigation.
Has tryptophan any anticonvulsive effect?$$$ In an intra-individual crossover trial depressed patients were treated with the 5-hydroxytryptamine (5-HT) precursor L-tryptophan (L-TP) and unilateral ECT, or with unilateral ECT alone. The oral dose of L-TP was 6 g the day before ECT and 3 g on the day of ECT, 4 hours before the treatment. The seizure duration was measured on EEG records. The time of the electrical stimulation needed to induce generalized seizures was similar for both treatment alternatives. Thus L-TP seems not to elevate the threshold to ECT-induced convulsions. The mean duration of a seizure was significantly shorter when the patients were treated with L-TP + ECT than when treated with ECT alone. It is suggested that L-TP exerts an inhibitory influence on the ability to sustain epileptic activity.
Influence of tryptophan on memory functions in depressive patients treated with unilateral ECT$$$ With the aim of examining a possible influence on memory from L-tryptophan (L-TP), a double-blind comparison of the anterograde dysmnesic effect after a unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) series was carried out in depressive patients randomly assigned to 2 treatment groups, one receiving orally administered L-TP (6 g daily) and ECT, the other placebo and ECT. The groups were similar in a number of background variables and in degree of depression. Scores for 3 operationally defined memory variables, immediate memory (IMS), delayed memory (DMS) and forgetting (FS), were obtained before the ECT series and 4 days after, the patients being on L-TP treatment or placebo on both occasions. The results were as follows: 1. Before treatment there was a higher FS in one test (30 Word-Pair Test) and after treatment a higher FS in another test (30 Face Test) in the L-TP group than in the placebo group, both findings indicating an adverse influence of L-TP. 2. There were a number of correlations between serum L-TP concentration levels and memory variables, all implying a more adverse influence on memory with higher levels of L-TP. The findings suggest that L-TP has a dysmnesic effect on memory in depressive patients treated with ECT, but they need to be confirmed before a negative influence of L-TP on memory can be considered definite.
Double-blind controlled trial of electroconvulsive therapy (E.C.T.) and simulated E.C.T. in depressive illness$$$ 40 Patients prescribed electroconvulsive therapy (E.C.T.) for treatment of a depressive illness were randomly allocated to two groups. One group had the first two E.C.T. treatments replaced by simulated E.C.T. on a double-blind basis. The results show that E.C.T. is significantly superior to simulated E.C.T. in the treatment of depressive illness.
Mianserin and lithium in the prophylaxis of depression$$$ Forty-one outpatients with a history of at least 3 attacks of depressive illness were randomly allocated to treatment on a double-blind basis for 1 yr with either mianserin 20 mg 3 times daily plus placebo lithium tablets, or to lithium tablets once daily plus placebo mianserin tables. After 1 yr, the dosage of mianserin was increased to 30 mg t.d.s. for a further 6 mth. All but 3 of the patients had previously been stabilized on prophylactic lithium therapy. Lithium was found to be significantly superior to mianserin in avoiding admission to hospital or ECT. The overall affective morbidity index, calculated from global rating, showed no significant difference between drugs, but the index of the mianserin group was higher in the second 6 mth than in the first. The lithium group showed no such change. Lithium remains the choice for the prophylaxis of unipolar recurrent depressive illness.
A controlled comparison of simulated and real ECT$$$ Two groups of 16 patients with depressive psychosis took part in a controlled evaluation of electro-convulsive therapy (ECT). One group received six brief pulse unilateral shocks under conventional anaesthesia and muscle relaxation; the second group underwent the same procedure without receiving shocks. Outcome was assessed by a separate investigator using the Hamilton Rating Scale for Depression under double-blind conditions. The results showed that this form of ECT was only superior to the control treatment for one item in the scale, a finding which could have occurred by chance. The results suggest that the ECT pre-treatment procedure has an important therapeutic effect. This casts some doubt on current views of the effectiveness of electro-convulsive therapy in general, and of brief pulse unilateral ECT in particular.
Comparison of fronto frontal and temporo parietal unilateral ECT$$$ An intraindividual double blind cross over comparison of the anterograde effect on memory of unilateral nondominant fronto frontal (FF) and temporoparietal (TP) ECT was performed in connection with the 2nd and 3rd treatment of an ECT series, the electrode placement being alternated at random. Treatment technique was standardized and seizure duration was measured by means of EEG. Memory functions were tested after treatments by means of 4 memory tests: the 30 Word Pair Test, the 30 Figure Test, the 30 Geometrical Figure Test and the 30 Face Test. Three operationally defined memory variables, immediate memory (IMS, 3 hr after ECT), delayed memory (DMS, 3 hr after IMS), and their difference, forgetting, were stored. No differences were found in the mean time of electrical stimulation, in the amount of methohexital and suxamethonium chloride, and in seizure duration between the 2 treatment groups. No statistically significant differences in any of the memory tests were found. The FF electrode position did not show any advantage compared with the routine TP electrode placement.
Evaluation of the combination of tryptophan and ECT in the treatment of depression. I. Clinical analysis$$$ A double-blind evaluation of the antidepressant efficacy of treatment with a combination of orally administered L-tryptophan (L-TP) and electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was made in patients suffering from endogenous depression. The patients were randomly assigned to two groups, one treated with L-TP (6 g daily) and unilateral ECT, the other with placebo and unilateral ECT. L-TP treatment was initiated at least 1 day before the first ECT and terminated 4 days after the last ECT. There was a good agreement between the two groups in several measures of antidepressant efficacy: doctors' and patients' ratings of depressive symptoms, and doctors' global rating of therapeutic effect 4 days and 1 month after the last ECT. In the L-TP group, however, there was a significantly better effect on retardation symptoms in the nurses' rating scale. This difference, which is not consistent with other measures of amelioration, contributes, at most, to a marginal therapeutic addition to the antidepressant effect of ECT. It is concluded that oral administration of L-TP, in the dose of 6 g daily, is not of practical value for potentiating the antidepressant efficacy of ECT.
Evaluation of the combination of tryptophan and ECT in the treatment of depression. II. Biochemical analysis$$$ Serum levels of total L-tryptophan (L-TP) were determined in patients suffering from endogenous depression, randomly assigned to 2 groups, one treated with L-TP (6 g daily) and unilateral ECT, the other with placebo and unilateral ECT. L-TP treatment was initiated at least 1 day before the first ECT and terminated 4 days after the last ECT. The degree of amelioration in depressive symptomatology was measured by doctors', nurses' and patients' rating scales. There was a close similarity in the levels of L-TP concentration in the 2 groups before treatment (mean values 1.27 mg% and 1.28 mg%). ECT seems not to alter the serum L-TP levels, judging from the values before and during treatment in the placebo group. During treatment, there was, as expected, a considerably higher L-TP concentration in the L-TP group (mean value 4.01 mg%). The L-TP concentrations were bimodally distributed in the L-TP group. This bimodality was not correlated to clinical variables. No relationship could be found between pretreatment L-TP levels and depressive symptomatology. No evidence is therefore obtained that L-TP levels are a pathogenic factor. There was no correlation between initial L-TP levels and residual symptomatology 4 days and 1 mth after the last ECT. Thus the L-TP levels before treatment seem not to be of value in predicting 'responders' to L-TP treatment combined with ECT or to ECT alone. The levels of L-TP during the treatment with L-TP and ECT showed no relationship to residual symptomatology after the treatment. Thus, the L-TP levels do not seem to have a therapeutic significance when treating depressed patients with ECT.
Amitriptyline blood levels and relapse$$$ Nine previously depressed patients who had responded either to amitriptyline, nortriptyline, or ECT, according to defined criteria, were followed for six months on either 150 mg, or 75 mg. amitriptyline daily, double blind. Blood amitriptyline and nortriptyline levels were measured by gas chromatography over six months, and clinical measures were performed. The range of blood concentration of amitriptyline and nortriptyline was as would be expected from the literature. Two patients relapsed within six months and both were in the 150 mg dose group. Of the two relapsed patients one showed the highest blood levels of the group, often beyond the range which could be calculated, and the other showed very low blood levels. Analysis of the clinical scores and blood levels for the whole group did not reveal any relationship between variations in blood level and depression ratings from month to month, or any other information as to what dose or blood level produced optimal results for the patients who did not relapse. This study tends to support the view that lack of effectiveness may be associated with too high or too low blood levels; that relapse may also be associated with very high or very low blood levels; and that the use of even rough measuring of blood levels could indicate which alternative was more likely in a given individual. In this study the group on 75 mg. amitriptyline daily did better than the group on 150 mg. daily in terms of relapse. This study focuses on relapse over six months and measures blood levels of amitriptyline and nortriptyline resulting from oral amitriptyline.
The use of drugs in the prevention of relapse in affective disorders$$$ The evidence now available suggests that both lithium salts and tricyclic antidepressants reduce the relapse rates in patients who have recovered from manic-depressive illnesses. In preventing depressive relapses, the two types of drug are of similar potency, whereas in preventing manic relapses, lithium salts are more effective. When a patient has suffered only depressive illness, a choice can be made on grounds of convenience; but when a patient has suffered both manic and depressive episodes, lithium salts are to be preferred.
Antidepressant drug therapy in psychotic depression$$$ Imipramine and phenelzine were ineffective in the treatment of five primary unipolar depressives with delusions, even when plasma levels of imipramine and desmethylimipramine or activity of platelet monoamine oxidase suggested that an adequate dose of drug had been given. Four patients went on to receive ECT and all responded well. Five non-delusional patients responded satisfactorily to the antidepressant drug given. Nine out of ten subjects were women. Nondelusional patients showed some placebo response. ECT is considered to be the treatment of choice in the acute phase of delusional depression in women.
Towards rational therapy with monoamine oxidase inhibitors$$$ A rational approach to the use of monoamine oxidase inhibitors (MAOIs) is outlined. Patients suitable for treatment cannot be classified adequately using conventional diagnostic labels. They include those with primary symptoms of hypochondriasis, agoraphobia and social phobias, irritability, somatic anxiety and anergia; those with primary depressed mood, guilt, ideas of reference and personality disorders seldom respond. There is great variation in the interval between the first administration of these drugs and clinical response, and this may account for the inconsistencies in published trials. The type of drug and its dose may affect rate of response, as may biochemical factors, including acetylator and monoamine oxidase status. To obtain maximum benefit, a course of therapy with MAOIs should last for several months.
Clinical use of tricyclic antidepressants$$$ Tricyclic antidepressants are extremely valuable drugs when they are used in suitable patients, principally those suffering from endogenous depressions. Diagnosis of depression is of major importance in determining the nature of treatment to be used. Differences between most tricyclics are minor for the most part, involving different degrees of sedative or anticholinergic properties. With the exception of doxepin, they are about equally effective in blocking the amine pump mechanism, which is believed to be the pharmacologic action most pertinent to their antidepressant action. A wide range of dose must be explored if patients are to be treated properly. For the most part, doses are defined empirically, either by alleviation of depression or by intolerable side effects. Dosage schedules should be flexible initially but during therapeutic and maintenance periods, single daily doses are possible. Maintenance doses should be reduced to the lowest consistent with continued relief. Treatment should be brief if the episode of depression is the first and is not severe, but may be prolonged for years in patients with a history of frequent and severe recurrences of depression. Other drugs may sometimes be required, and psychosocial approaches to treatment are always required. ECT should be available for selected instances of severe depression. The hazards of tricyclics are well known and generally are extensions of known pharmacologic effects. Careful prescribing of these drugs can minimize the consequences of suicidal or accidental overdose.
Diagnosis and evaluation of ECT$$$ This study has shown that the administration of ECT is not random with respect to diagnosis, month of the year (season) or previous ECT. Using total number of treatments and courses of treatments and specific rates it was found that the affective disorders constituted the largest treatment group. This is in keeping with the standard textbooks, Ottosson's concept that electric seizures have a specific effect upon depression and d'Elia's recommendation that ECT is the treatment of choice for endogenous depression. The role of ECT in nonaffective disorders still requires clarification since, while its prescription here may be clinically expedient and even efficient, the efficacy and specificity are not well documented. In this study the affective disorders and schizoaffective disorders constituted 51% of the ECT subgroup, but neurotic disorders and schizophrenia made up a further 46%. While the reasons for prescribing ECT in these cases were not usually documented, it is known that 41% of the neurotic depressives had made a suicidal attempt or were regarded as as serious suicidal risk. The tendency towards specific and, therefore, non random prescription of ECT for affective disorders is indicative of sound clinical practice. Since safe and specific measures are the aim of clinical medicine, then it has an assured place in Canadian practice and should not be undervalued or legally restrained.
Comparison of unilateral dominant and non dominant ECT on verbal and non verbal memory$$$ An intraindividual, double blind cross over comparison of the effects of dominant (D) and non dominant (ND) temporo parietal unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) was performed in connection with the second and third treatment, the type of electrode placement being allocated at random. Four memory tests were used. The 30 Word Pair Test is an audio visual verbal recall test, the 30 Figure Test is a mainly visual recognition test with easily verbalized items. The 30 Geometrical Figure Test and the 30 Face Test are non verbal recognition tests of visual complex and unfamiliar material. Compared with dominant ECT, non dominant ECT has a more negative influence in the complex non verbal visual tests, whereas dominant ECT has a more negative effect on verbal memory. In the non verbal tests, as compared with the verbal ones, the encoding (or learning) is relatively more influenced and the retention (or storage) relatively less. An impairment either of complex apperceptive function or of memory may be responsible for the relatively lower performance in non verbal tests after non dominant ECT.
Introduction to clinical aspects of monoamine oxidase inhibitors in the treatment of depression$$$ The Medical Research Council's 1965 trial of phenelzine, imipramine and electroconvulsive therapy showed that phenelzine in a dose of 45 mg per day was no use for a certain type of depressive illness. It was falsely inferred that monoamine oxidase inhibitors were useless for treating depression of any sort. As a result of positive effects of trials in phobic states, a similarly illogical inference is now being made that monoamine oxidase inhibitors are only useful for treating anxiety. A review of the literature shows that there is abundant evidence that monoamine oxidase inhibitors benefit certain types of depression, and that this is likely to be a specific treatment rather than a weaker kind of tricyclic antidepressant. After a discussion of clinical and pharmacogenetic factors, future problems are raised, including dosage, the combination of monoamine oxidase inhibitors with tricyclic antidepressants, lithium and L tryptophan, and new drugs of the monoamine oxidase inhibitor type.
Mortality in depressed patients treated with electroconvulsive therapy and antidepressants$$$ The treatments of 519 depressed patients hospitalized from 1959 to 1969 were compared in a 3 yr follow up study with particular reference to mortality. The electroconvulsive therapy (ECT) group had a significantly lower mortality than the inadequate antidepressant treatment group (P < .05) and the group that received neither ECT nor antidepressants (P < .025). Although the adequate antidepressant treatment group had a low mortality, statistically significant differences between this and other treatment groups could not be documented. Nonsuicidal deaths (P < .005), and particularly myocardial infarctions (P < .01), were significantly more frequent in the inadequately treated group compared to the adequately treated group. The superiority of adequate treatment is especially striking among men and among the older age groups. The results underscore the importance of adequate treatment of depression, especially in the older man.
Thyrotropin releasing hormone: differential antidepressant and endocrinological effects$$$ In a double blind study, three depressed subjects received thyrotropin releasing hormone (TRH) on three successive days, and one subject similarly received placebo; all subjects were then given ECT. Two of the patients given TRH responded to ECT. One patient's reaction is of special significance because of her response to ECT, diminished thyroid stimulating hormone response to TRH, increased growth hormone and prolactin response to stress, and antidepressant effect of TRH. These findings raise the possibility that previous conflicting reports about TRH's antidepressant effects stem from the combined study of endocrinologically distinct depressive subgroups and strongly suggest that there may be a specific subgroup that is responsive to TRH.
Memory changes after unilateral electroconvulsive therapy with different electrode positions$$$ In the course of a series into the effects of unilateral electroconvulsive therapy on memory functions, double blind cross over intraindividual comparisons were performed after the second and third treatment in patients suffering from depressive syndrome. The main aim of the project, which is still in course, was to explore the possibility of a further reduction of the side effects of this antidepressant method. Three separate comparisons were performed between unilateral non dominant temporo parietal ECT and (a) unilateral dominant temporo parietal ECT, (b) unilateral non dominant fronto parietal ECT, (c) unilateral non dominant fronto frontal ECT. The treatments were given under total anaesthesia and with subtotal muscle relaxation. Four memory tests were administered three hours after the second and the third ECT, the treatment methods being allocated at random. The 30 Word Pair Test is a mixed audio visual recall verbal test. The 30 Figure Test is a mainly visual recognition test with items which can be easily verbally patterned. Further, two visual recognition tests, the 30 Face Test and the 30 Geometrical Figure Test, composed of not easily verbalized items were administered. For each test, three memory scores were obtained, immediate memory score (IMS, immediately after the presentation of the items, three hours after ECT), delayed memory score (DMS, three hours after IMS) and their difference, forgetting score (FS). IMS is considered to be a function of the hypothetical memory variable, learning, and FS a function of the variable retention. DMS is related to both learning and retention. When non dominant and dominant temporo parietal ECT are compared, there are, after non dominant ECT, significantly lower IMS and DMS in the 30 Face Test but only lower IMS in the 30 Geometrical Figure Test. The difference in DMS for the 30 Word Pair Test is in the opposite direction. In the comparison between non dominant temporo parietal vs non dominant fronto frontal ECT, a slightly, non significant, lower IMS in the 30 Face Test is apparent. Other important trends are not found in any of the studies. The results show that differential effects are obtained with different memory material when dominant and non dominant electrode positions are used in unilateral ECT. The results are discussed in relation to the question whether high level perceptive function or memory is involved in the encoding storage of complex non verbal material in the non dominant hemisphere.
The effects of unilateral brief interval ECT on memory$$$ One hundred and three patients treated for endogenous depression with unilateral, non dominant ECT, half with two, half with four treatments weekly, were examined to determine the effect of the treatment on memory functions. The first mentioned group was studied with double blind technique in connection with an earlier study while the latter group was investigated under open conditions. Tests were made before the first treatment, after the sixth treatment, and after the final treatment (the Wechsler Memory Scale Forms I and II) and at the same times, ratings were made of the depressive state. No significant differences were found between the results of the two groups, either with regard to the total results or the sub test results in WMS. This was true for changes between the first and the sixth treatment and between the first and the final treatment. On the whole, both groups showed improved results during the course of treatment; a memory reduction to an equal degree in both groups evident before treatment, and thus due to the depression, was eliminated concurrently with the improvement in the depressive condition. With reference to delayed reproduction a comparison made after the sixth treatment showed that the high frequency treatment group scored significantly higher than the other group. This can only be ascribed to a better therapeutic effect resulting from accelerated treatment. Likewise these improved therapeutic results in the high frequency treatment group must be responsible for the fact that this group does not show poorer test results than the group treated at the customary frequency rate in spite of an expected deteriorating effect of accelerated treatment on memory functions and in spite of a larger number of treatments per series in this group. Neither in the higher nor in the lower frequency treatment group were any age related variations in memory found.
Azidomorphine: Subjective effects and suppression of morphine abstinence$$$ In man, azidomorphine, a new morphine congener, constricted pupils, produced morphineâ-like subjective effects and euphoria, and suppressed the morphine abstinence syndrome. Azidomorphine was 10 to 50 times as potent as morphine. It is concluded that in man azidomorphine is a typical morphineâ-like drug.
Diencephalic stimulation and the effects of ECT in endogenous depression$$$ The authors compared conventional bilateral ECT treatment electrode placement with simultaneous unilateral electrode placement to both sides of the head (dominant/nondominant unilateral ECT) in 20 patients with endogenous depression. Under double blind random assignment conditions they found that 6 bilateral ECT were significantly more effective than 6 dominant/nondominant unilateral ECT in reducing depression rating scale scores. In the light of data from intracerebral ECT current distribution studies they interpret the findings to support the previously advanced hypothesis that diencephalic stimulation is requisite for the therapeutic benefit of bilateral ECT in endogenous depression.
A controlled comparative trial of unilateral and bilateral sinusoidal and pulse E.C.T. in endogenous depression.$$$ Sixty-six depressed patients who achieved a score of 6 or more on the Newcastle Scale were randomly allocated to 3 different modes of E.C.T.--unilateral sinusoidal, bilateral sinusoidal and pulse. Outcome, one month after completition of 6 or more E.C.T., was assessed by mean fall in Hamilton's score. Overall, there was a highly significant improvement but among the 3 groups there were no significant differences, findings not accounted for by differences in mean age, numbers of E.C.T. given or mean initial Hamilton's score among the groups. The practical and theoretical implications of the results were discussed. There seems little justification for the continued use of bilateral sinusoidal E.C.T. as opposed to other methods.
Does piracetam counteract the ECT induced memory dysfunctions in depressed patients?$$$ A double blind, intra individual cross over comparison of the effect of piracetam on retrograde memory impairment as measured by the KS memory test battery was performed in connection with second and third Bi ECT in 18 inpatients diagnosed as suffering from depression. The seizure duration and the post ECT EEG patterns were examined visually and the post ECT confusion time was measured. Piracetam was given orally in the dose of 4.8 g/day for 3 days. No significant effects were obtained on memory scores, electrical stimulus duration, EEG pattern or post ECT confusion time. The findings may indicate that the protective effect of piracetam shown in animal electroconvulsive stimulation (ECS) is due to a counteraction of the disturbing effect of hypoxia on memory functions. It is concluded that more information is needed as regards the pharmacokinetics and the mode of action of the drug.
EEG in unilateral and bilateral electroconvulsive therapy$$$ The investigation concerned 100 patients with endogenous depression treated with ECT, 52 unilaterally on the non dominant hemisphere, and 48 bilaterally. A double blind investigation of the therapeutic effect and the effect on memory and on EEG was carried out. With unilateral treatment, mainly diffuse and same sided EEG changes appeared, while with bilateral treatment mainly diffuse and left sided changes occurred. Bilateral treatment led to significantly more EEG changes than did unilateral treatment. For both groups there was a tendency to greater changes after the last than after the sixth treatment. At termination of treatment, a significantly better therapeutic effect was found in cases where EEG changes appeared, especially severe EEG changes. This applied to the total material but not to the groups of unilaterals and bilaterals taken separately. In the entire material after the fist six treatments, the greatest representation of patients with unchanged and imparied memory was found in cases with deteriorated EEG compared to cases with no EEG deterioration. After the entire series of ECT, this correlation no longer was present. After separation of the patients into unilaterals and bilaterals it was not present at any of the stages. In the bilateral group, ECT treatment gave more frequent and stronger EEG changes among the older than among the younger patients. For the unilateral group, there was no comparable difference. The number of weak seizures was significantly greater among the unilaterals than among the bilaterals. The therapeutic effect was not correlated to the number of weak seizures, but the number of weak seizures was positively correlated to the number of treatments applied. It was concluded that the therapeutic effect of ECT is positively correlated to the incidence and degree of EEG changes, while the positive correlation between therapeutic effect and age observed in previous investigations did not appear to have a consistent relationship to the appearance of EEG changes. The EEG findings support the contention that unilateral treatment may be considered to have a gentler action on the brain. The importance of obtaining sufficiently strong universal seizures is emphasized, since the treatment otherwise can be less effective unless a greater number of treatments are applied.
Therapeutic results in brief interval unilateral ect$$$ The study reported comprised 104 patients with endogenous depression who were given unilateral electroconvulsive therapy (ECT). The patients were divided into two equally large groups, one receiving two and the other four treatments per week. The latter group was selected openly, while the former had been collected by a double blind technique on a previous occasion. The severity of depression was assessed before the first treatment and on the days after the sixth and the last treatment, and at these times memory testing by WMS Forms I and II and EEG were also performed. An analysis is presented of the therapeutic effect obtained, assessed by: (1) the number of treatments applied in the two groups; (2) the reduction in the depression score; and (3) the effect achieved per treatment. In the group with frequent electrostimulation one to two additional treatments were required, the difference being statistically significant. On the other hand, frequent stimulation tended to be more effective in terms of the reduction in the depression score. The effect per treatment was identical in the two groups. Four treatments per week did not result in a higher frequency of complications. A comparison of the five severest depressions in each of the two groups did not reveal any difference in the therapeutic effect of the two methods of treatment. It is concluded that the technique with four treatments per week instead of two offers the advantage that the duration of the treatment period is reduced by 11-12 days. As the study also revealed that the discomforts, including memory impairment, are not increased by frequent stimulation, it is recommended that unilateral ECT is administered with a frequency of four treatments per week.
Combination chemotherapy with bleomycin (NSC 125066), adriamycin (NSC 123127), CCNU (NSC 79037), vincristine (NSC 67574), and mechlorethamine (NSC 762) (BACON) in squamous cell lung cancer: experience with 50 patients$$$ Fifty patients with inoperable squamous cell carcinoma of the lung (38 with extensive disease and 12 with limited disease) were treated with BACON. Tumor regression greater than 50% was observed in 17 patients (45%) with extensive disease and in four patients (33%) with limited disease. Stabilization of disease for at least 8 weeks was seen in four patients with extensive and eight patients with limited disease and this factor had the same prognostic importance as response with regard to survival. In extensive disease, responding and stable patients had a median survival time (MST) of 26 weeks from the start of therapy, while the MST for nonresponders was 9 weeks. The MST in patients with limited disease (all patients responding or stable) was 32 weeks. Analysis of survival in extensive disease by performance status showed improvement in each category over historical control results for placebo alone. BACON was better tolerated and probably more effective when CCNU was given every 8 weeks rather than every 4 weeks. Further studies are necessary to determine whether the results of this study can be reproduced in a comparative trial. If so, attention should be given to the treatment of less advanced squamous cell lung cancer with a similar regimen.
Comparative trial of L tryptophan and E.C.T. in severe depressive illness$$$ Consecutively admitted severely depressed patients were allocated randomly to treatment with ECT, or with L-tryptophan up to 8 gr a day. Ratings were made at the start of treatment and weekly for the subsequent four weeks; the patients were then followed up for a subsequent 6 mth. Both groups of 20 patients had improved significantly after two weeks; thereafter, whereas the ECT group continued to improve, the drug group showed little further change. As the first two weeks' improvement in both groups could have been due to non specific factors, the possibility remains that L-tryptophan is devoid of effectiveness in severely depressed patients. This conclusion is supported by patients who failed to respond to tryptophan subsequently responding to other treatments.
Electroconvulsive therapy and the diencephalon: a preliminary report$$$ In a double blind controlled study of electroconvulsive therapy (ECT), 30 patients with endogenous depression were randomly assigned to receive one of three treatment methods: two nondominant unilateral ECT's each session; one nondominant followed by one dominant unilateral ECT each session; one conventional bilateral ECT each session. No differences in therapeutic effect were found among the three treatment methods as measured by depression rating scores obtained before ECT and after the fourth treatment session, or by the rater's global estimate of treatment response. The possible roles of temporal lobe and diencephalic stimulation for the depression relieving effects of ECT are discussed, and the suggestion is made that direct stimulation of the diencephalon is a critical variable for the fully developed therapeutic effect of ECT. (13 references.)
Unilateral versus bilateral electroconvulsive therapy. Investigations into the therapeutic effect in endogenous depression$$$ In a material of 100 patients treated with ECT for endogenous depression random selection resulted in 52 patients receiving unilateral treatment and 48 patients receiving bilateral treatment. Before treatment, after the sixth treatment, and after the last treatment patients were evaluated with regard to severity of depression, through application of a rating scale in which a number of depressive symptoms were quantified, the different scores being combined into a total depression score for each patient. It turned out that the unilaterally treated group obtained an effect which was slightly smaller than that obtained by the bilateral group, evaluated according to decrease in depression scores as well as according to number of treatments given. Next the material was divided into two age groups, being 19-44 years of age and 45-65 years of age, respectively. It turned out that the older age group achieved significantly better results than the younger group. In the present material there was a considerable (although not significant) difference between the unilateral and the bilateral group with regard to age distribution. It therefore seemed to be of interest to carry out an age correction. When this correction had been performed the difference between the therapeutic effect of unilateral versus bilateral treatment became smaller, according to decrease in depression score as well as to number of treatments required and to effect per treatment. Next it was investigated whether there was any difference between the two types of treatment with regard to the time passing before effect became apparent. After the first six treatments the bilaterals scored slightly better than the unilaterals; this difference disappeared, however, during the following treatments.
The prophylactic value of extra ECT in depressive illness$$$ This paper describes the ECT treatment of 62 patients suffering from primary depressive illness. Fifty of the patients recovered with the treatment. On a random basis, 26 patients were given only sufficient ECT to recover, whereas 24 had two extra treatments after recovery. No difference in outcome between the two groups was demonstrated over a 3 month follow up period.
Chlorpromazine and the anti depressive efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Patients with endogenous or mixed endogenous psychogenic depression referred to ECT were randomly assigned to two groups, one receiving ECT plus chlorpromazine, 100 mg a day on an average (n = 28), the other receiving ECT plus placebo (n = 29). Double blind ratings displayed a similar outcome immediately after treatment and during a 3 mth follow up; a similar number of treatments were given. There was a tendency to worse outcome with ECT plus chlorpromazine especially in the effect on inhibition. There is no reason to recommend the combination in the treatment of depressive disorders.
Clomipramine (Anafranil), Tofranil (imipramine) and placebo: A comparative study in relation to electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Active medication was clearly superior to placebo during the first 2 wk. More patients in the placebo group required ECT than in either the imipramine or clomipramine groups. At both 4 wk and 8 wk there were advantages to the had starting on active medication whether they had ECT or not. During the first 2 wk imipramine was superior to clomipramine but the difference disappeared at 4 and 8 wk. The initial difference may possibly have been due to the smaller dose of clomipramine employed. There was no significant difference between the side effects encountered on any of the treatments, active or placebo.
Chlorpromazine and the antidepressive efficacy of electroconvulsive therapy$$$ Patients with endogenous or mixed endogenous and psychogenic depression treated with ECT were randomly assigned to 2 groups, one receiving ECT plus chlorpromazine, 100 mg a day on an average (n = 28), the other receiving ECT plus placebo (n = 29). Double blind ratings showed a similar outcome immediately after treatment and during a 3 months' followup; a similar number of treatments were given. There is no reason to recommend the combination in the treatment of depressive disorders.
Respiratory effects of hydromorphone in man$$$ The respiratory depressant efJeets of hydromorphone, a potent analgesie, were compared with morphine in a randomized double-blind erossover study in human volunteers. Using a rebreathing technique, earbon dioxide response curves were plotted automatically with a speeial-purpose analog computer. The respiratory depressant relative potency of hydromorphone to morphine over the total observation period was found to be 7.99 with lower and upper 95 per cent confidence limits of 5.44 and 10.69. Based on the displacement of the respiratory response curve, approximately 1.25 mg of hydromorphone is equivalent to 10 mg of morphine in our population of volunteers. For peak respiratorll depression, 0.95 mg of hydromorphone is equivalent to 10 mgoj morphine.
A comparison of the analgesic effects of profadol and morphine in patients with cancer$$$ The relative analgesic potency of profadol (CI-572) and morphine was evaluated in a double-blind crossover comparison of graded, single intramuscular doses in patients with chronic pain due to cancer. Profadol was found to be about one fourth as potent as morphine. The time-effect curves of the 2 drugs were similar. Profadol produced more injection-site pain than morphine, but other effects observed after the 2 drugs were similar in kind and occurrence.
Analgesic and side effects of pentazocine and morphine in a large population of postoperative patients$$$ The analgesic and side effects of pentazocine were compared with those of morphine in 1,074 surgical patients. Three separate three-point assays were conducted. Standard doses used were 5 mg. and 10 mg. of morphine and 10 mg., 20 mg., and 40 mg. of pentazocine. The relative analgesic potency, based on a 225 minute time period for analgesic effect, was 0.28 (36 mg. of pentazocine ≃ 10 mg. of morphine). For peak pain intensity difference, the relative potency was found to be 0.38 (27 mg. of pentazocine ≃ 10 mg. of morphine).
Drug therapy in depressions: Controlled evaluation of imipramine, isocarboxazide, dextroamphetamine-amobarbital, and placebo$$$ An evaluation of imipramine, isocarboxazide, dextroamphetamine-amobarbital, and placebo was carried out in 204 patients with depressive syndromes in thirty-two Veterans Administration Hospitals. Treatment with a fixed dosage schedule was followed for 3 weeks, the dosage becoming flexible during an ensuing 9 week period. Evaluation of responses was made by three rating scales specially derived for depressed patients. After 3 weeks of treatment, imipramine was significantly more effective than the other three treatments as measured only by a thirty-one item expert clinician's scale derived from the Inpatient Multidimensional Psychiatric Scale. Favorable responses to imipramine were often prompt, leading to loss of such patients from the study before the full 12 week treatment period had been completed. After 12 weeks of treatment, the patients who remained in all four treatment groups were significantly improved when each group was compared with its pretreatment level, but there were no statistically reliable differences between treatments at the end of the study. These results emphasize the need for controlled studies in depressive syndromes subject to spontaneous improvement.
